0782008372|2.0|This is a classic, underrated SCI-FI Fantasy film from the 1980's.  It's too bad the digital transfer is so bad.  The audio is uneven, and the picture is full of shimmering and other distortions.  I think mines going to get auctioned off.  Here's hoping the Studio releases a new version of this one!!!
0385484518|5.0|This book was truly amazing.  I usually do not read books of this sort but I wanted a change and this was recommended by a friend.  The story made me laugh and cry; I never wanted to put it down.  It really helped me put my life in perspective and remember what is truly important, which many people tend to forget.  This book would be enjoyed by anyone who has every loved someone (which is everyone...I  hope)
6302293553|5.0|Normally, I do not enjoy watching movies, repeatedly...however, this is Monty Python! I've seen this one many times and spread the word throughout the land.... I am proud to say that I have inspired hundreds of people to watch this movie, and they have done the same. I know of groups that have &quot;Grail Quests&quot; every year, because of this Classic. If you haven't seen it yet, you are missing the boat....but, you can find it if you purchase &quot;Erik The Viking!&quot; (another humorous Python escapade, with religio-philosophical overtones). All Monty Python is Fabulous!!! John Cleese should be Prime Minister, or....King ! Imagine The Royal Court! I'd love to see live coverage of all his meetings with other World Leaders.
0385495323|5.0|This is written as well as his previous book which became a PBS Nova documentary produced by him.  His previous book about Fermat's theorem was on narrative side because of the shere depth of mathmatical understanding required to intepret Andrew Wile's ground breaking paper.  I know a math professor who admitted that he didn't understand it at all!  Anyway, this one is more technical.  That is to say, he gives fairly detailed information on each code.  Some of you who are interested in the technical aspects of the code will really enjoy this book.  But there are enough interesting stories for those who are not keen on the subject to appreciate this book.
6305718903|4.0|Stigmata will challenge your indoctrinated thought-cells, or make you reflect upon the fact that only a few decades ago, this movie could not have been made. To perpetuate the Repression of Free-Thought and the Power of Dogmatic teachings, the church has controlled everything from education (modern history included) to personal sexuality...and communion with God. This film reveals some of the Inversive teachings and disinformation the church has used to stay in power. Obviously, everyone knows the Extremes the church has gone to, in order to perpetuate false teachings, such as the Earth being the center of the Solar System and all the other things men and women were forced to recant, because some guy in a big hat had an Ego problem the size of the Great Pyramid.... However, how many people know just how far the church has gone, down the path of insanity, to prevent anyone from becoming a Free-Thinker? After-all, they created the Inquisition--which has been proven to be a rampage of murderous carnage--inspired by madness, ignorance and power-tripping, egomaniacal nonsense. This movie awakens us to some of the truth....but, how much more is Hidden within the vaults of the vatican...denied to Intelligent eyes that are not a part of the system?  I have read a few Papal Bulls....sounds like insanity, to me...but, at-least they are appropriately named. No wonder the Freemasons were persecuted so much, throughout time, and continue to be persecuted today. The funny thing is, if the church would just release the truth, they could regain their dignity and be a source of inspiration to mankind, instead of wallowing in pompous lies and blaming everyone-else for their inner demons. This movie is the closest thing I have seen to a revelation of the inner hierarchical ridiculousness of the former most-powerful organization on Earth (which is Flat! God says so!), so buy a copy and watch it with your friends. The film is very-much designed for &quot;Gen-X&quot; and has the feel of a Music Video, during various segments. There are some bizarre scenes that make you wonder if the special effects will inspire drug users to make this one a cult classic....but, the foundation of the film might provide others to delve into their favorite Internet Bookshop, for more deprogramming.a Music Video, during various segments. There are some bizarre scenes that make you wonder if the special effects will inspire drug users to make this one a cult classic....but, the foundation of the film might provide others to delve into their favorite Internet Bookshop, for more deprogramming.
B000005IRG|5.0|I must rebut some of the reviews below that berate Tom Verlaine's voice.  These are obviously young people who have no idea that one of points of the late 70s punk rebellion was to ignore pop music conventions, which included singing &quot;well&quot;.  I can't believe that reviewers preferred David Byrne's stilted arty yelp to Verlaine's raw distressed whine.  Another point worth re-iterating (one other reviewer mentioned it):  this transfer to digital is HORRIBLE!  It does not do the original recording justice at all; both the highs and the lows have been removed, leaving the record sounding relatively bland.  I never listen to the CD, but keep taping my LP and listening to that.<br />Listen to the lyrics on these songs.  Tom Verlaine (neé Miller) did not idly adopt a French Symbolist poet's surname.  The guitar playing is simply beyond compare.  Richard Lloyd is a fairly conventional albeit fiery guitar player, while Verlaine's leads are completely impressionistic.  He violates all rules of musical progression and interval, creating a very off balance feeling that is very exciting.  I've seen him in concert a couple of times and one night at the Ritz in the late 80s he simple went off the tracks in the most wonderful way possible.<br />I've heard that he's got a album's worth of instrumental tunes ready for release and I am waiting ...
B000002UEB|5.0|This album was and is one of the most important works, in it's field, ever released.  In fact, when this group made it big, they immediately reverted to THIS album for their stage performance, which I have read was unbelievable...like Geoff Tate's voice and the guitar work, et al.  &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot; is not just another Rock album--it is a journey into the world of Religious Fanaticism, Catholicism, human suffering, tragic love, drug addiction and Politics. There is more truth in this &quot;Rock-Opera&quot; than many people can handle. I have also owned the video, which gives a great visual representation of the story and an idea of what those historical concerts must-have been like. There are songs that seem purely late-eighties, with heavy and/or intricate guitar work, yet there are very ethereal and haunting songs as well.  The entire album is a flowing story, not just seperate songs placed in a compilation for marketing purposes. Queensryche put an enormous amount of effort into the production and stage performances of &quot;Operation: Mindcrime.&quot; You may see things in a new light. If I had to categorize this one, I'd place it in &quot;Intellectual Rock.&quot;
B00004XQP4|5.0|My boyfriend is a Green Day fanatic, so of course I heard the entire album as soon as he got it, the day it came out. I remember the songs on Nimrod sort of grew on me - I thought they were OK when I first heard them, but then after a while I liked them a lot. But the songs on Warning were awsome to begin with! &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; is one of the sweetest, and most clever songs I've ever heard! Also &quot;Warning,&quot; &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; &quot;Misery,&quot; &quot;Minority,&quot; they're all good. I just wish Green Day's albums were longer.
0767849493|5.0|Well, this is certainly an appropriate movie to purchase for Xmas, with all the Crazy blood-shed in the Holy Land....  Wow, perfect timing.  Makes you wonder if Jay and Silent Bob truly are Prophets.... This time, they brought in Chris Rock (the Thirteenth Apostle!) --that, alone, should make you want to snag this one up and journey with our heroes on a quest to save humanity from annihilation. This film combines the usual comical exchanges between Jay and Silent Bob, with a very theological and compelling soul journey....spiced with heroic gestures of humanitarianism (or attempts to get laid?). The scenes of Angels interacting with mere mortals were absolutely priceless!  I love the airport scene, with the Nun.... This is an irreverent movie, with Monty Pythonesque overtones, that you will watch again and again.  You'd rent it so many times that you could have purchased a copy for an Xmas gift, for a friend...unless, you are a Grinch and buy another Jay-Bob flick, like &quot;Mall Rats.&quot; They've come a long way, since &quot;Clerks&quot; &amp; the budget for this movie must-have been fantastic.  I did not expect the film to be so high-quality.  Even the special effects were Tremendous. These guys are moving up in the world.... I wonder what Bob would say, if he won an Oscar, one day?
B00004XQP4|5.0|My boyfriend is a Green Day fanatic, so of course I heard the entire album as soon as he got it, the day it came out. I remember the songs on Nimrod sort of grew on me - I thought they were OK when I first heard them, but then after a while I liked them a lot. But the songs on Warning were awsome to begin with! &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; is one of the sweetest, and most clever songs I've ever heard! Also &quot;Warning,&quot; &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; &quot;Misery,&quot; &quot;Minority,&quot; they're all good. I just wish Green Day's albums were longer.
0131103709|4.0|Before ANSI C existed, this book was the standard definition of the C language.  The authors, Kernighan and Ritchie, are the K and the R in &quot;K &amp; R C&quot;.  This edition of the book has been updated to reflect changes made to the C language by the ANSI committee.  The second half of the book contains a reference section with the complete ANSI definition of the C language and libraries.  In addition to being the authority on the subject of the C language, this book is also a great learning guide.  The first section contains an introduction to the C language and tutorials.  When I was learning C, I was coming from a BASIC background and had a very hard time understanding pointers.  Of the many C books I read, this was that first one that really explained everything clearly.  Many of the examples and tutorials involve writing your own version of standard library function such as strlen().  This is a great way to learn to use the language and better understand the library at the same time.  I highly recommend this book to anyone learning C or trying to get a better understanding of it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|My boyfriend is a Green Day fanatic, so of course I heard the entire album as soon as he got it, the day it came out. I remember the songs on Nimrod sort of grew on me - I thought they were OK when I first heard them, but then after a while I liked them a lot. But the songs on Warning were awsome to begin with! &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; is one of the sweetest, and most clever songs I've ever heard! Also &quot;Warning,&quot; &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; &quot;Misery,&quot; &quot;Minority,&quot; they're all good. I just wish Green Day's albums were longer.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I was in my brother's room when he was listening to the Marshall Mather's LP and he was raving about &quot;Stan&quot;. I recognized the girl singing and I couldn't place the song. I was so bothered when I couldn't remember. Then it hit me--my favorite movie &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; included this gem. I forgot about it for a few months until one day, in the Sarah McLachlan newsgroup, someone mentioned Dido. I downloaded a few songs and it clicked--this is the same girl I had heard earlier! You will not be disappointed with this CD! Dido has the most unique voice I have ever heard. I am taking voice lessons myself, so I can really appreciate the dynamics of her range and breathiness. This album will make you want to sing along. Standouts include &quot;Here With Me&quot;, &quot;Thank You&quot;, &quot;Take My Hand&quot;, &quot;My Life&quot;, &quot;Hunter&quot;...oh, just buy it already. They are all so good.
6305076650|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time back in the 70's at a theater where everyone dressed up and actually did what you see some of the &quot;Participating Audience&quot; does in the movie and let me tell you it was a blast!!!! Kids today forgot how to live and I think they could learn how to have fun by doing &quot;the time warp.&quot;
6305350205|2.0|There are some brilliant moments in &quot;Star Trek V&quot;, surrounded by some really bad ones.  First off what's good?  The cinematography, music, sound, and direction are all in fact very good.  Shatner shows deft skill at movement and tone in a scene. There are scenes in this film between Shatner, Nimoy and DeForest Kelley that are sublime. Now what's not good... The plot, some of the performances, visual effects and the entire last twenty minutes.  <br />The plot is a noble intention; Star Trek crew meets God.  It's problem is it's execution.  In all Trek adventures, Kirk and the crew are the most active participants in the adventure.  Here, they almost stumble upon God.  And that's another problem.  The concept of God can't be adequetly addressed in a Star Trek film.  How can ANY director deal with this subject matter in a tidy 105 minutes while still adhering to demands of Star Trek?  <br />Now while Shatner provides good direction, his perfomance here seems rushed and even a little tired.  Kirk looks like he's been up all night studying for mid-terms.  The other performances seem so-so.  Nimoy does a walk through and the other Trek actors look like their trying to steal the scenes from each other.  Perhaps they felt a little competion from Next Generation?<br />The visual effects here are the worst in the entire series.  We all know that ILM lost the effects contract on this movie but there are plenty of effects houses that can offer good effects.  I don't understand how a big franchise film like &quot;Star Trek&quot; couldn't afford another leading effects company.  The 2-D effects shots have no blur resulting in effects that look like drive-in &quot;let's go to the lobby&quot; type animation.<br />This film is pretty much a mess.  While a good intention to take the Trek into something different, the result is a disappointment.
B00004XONN|4.0|It all comes down to my first experience with this record.  A friend mine (huge Radiohead fan) told me how absolutely terrible it was.  So of course I was intrigued.  I then went to his house and he played it for me and I agreed with him, but for some reason I couldn't stop thinking about it.  So then when it was finally released I went out and picked up a copy.  The more I listened to it, the more I enjoyed it, the more I started to pick up on song structures (or lack thereof).  Now I can't stop listening to it.  For those of you who are looking for an easy listen or a good guitar oriented rock album this is not it.  It is definately a record that you have to be in a certain mood to listen to.  Although the title track seems to me like a waste of disc space songs like &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; and &quot;The National Anthem&quot; are great listens.  The point I'm making is that &quot;Kid A&quot; has true artistic merit.  It's not a record for everyone (not even all Radiohead fans), but if you're looking for a challenge this might be worth your time.
B00004RE7C|4.0|This third Star Trek film had the difficult task of following a modern day classic.  &quot;The Search for Spock&quot; not only matches &quot;Khan&quot; in quality but surpasses it as well.  Picking up where the last picture left off, the Enterprise and it's crew are battered and Spock is gone.  What follows is a thrilling adventure as Kirk and his crew discover Spock's true condition and what must be done to help him.  They risk their professional careers and lives to rescue their vulcan friend as they face off with a nasty band of Klingons.<br />These characters haven't been portrayed with such nobility since the &quot;City on the Edge of Forever&quot; episode in 1967.  While the first two Trek films were entertaining entrys, this film has more faith in what Star Trek is about; the noble human spirit, friendship and confronting the unknown with a healty dose of action and humor for good measure.  This film also serves as a bridge between &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; and &quot;Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home&quot;.
B00004XONN|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Creep,&quot; I was tempted to dismiss Radiohead as just another alternative band.  However, as time went on, I learned to appreciate their finer qualities, most notably upon listening to &quot;Street Spirit (Fade Out).&quot;  This CD represents my first purchase of a Radiohead album (though I've heard &quot;The Bends&quot;), and it shares a quality with Amon Tobin's discs - it doesn't fully reveal itself on initial listens.  For example, after initially listening to the title track or &quot;Treefingers,&quot; you might think, &quot;A few Warp Records artists should sue!&quot;  But as you examine this album, you (hopefully) realize that Radiohead's experimentation makes sense when viewed in the context of the album - which I believe is the life and death of this &quot;Kid A.&quot;  Anyway, this disc is not as &quot;out there&quot; as you might expect.  Traditional rock elements are still present in tracks like &quot;Optimistic&quot; and &quot;How To Disappear Completely.&quot;  However, tracks like &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; and &quot;Idioteque&quot; let you know that Radiohead are on a different plane.  To conclude, let me say this:  enter this experience with patience and an open mind, and hopefully, you'll see that this Kid's all right.  Abstract, but all right.
6305609721|5.0|&quot;Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home&quot; completes an exciting trilogy in which the crew of the Enterprise battled their most dangerous foe, lost their ship and rescued their friend Spock.  What happens next is a lighter, more humorous adventure as Kirk, Spock and the Enterprise crew travel back in time to the 1980's to save the 23rd century.<br />This film is filled with the best sound and visual effects to date, and the writing and acting haven't been topped in a Star Trek film since.  There is very little violence in this film, a total contrast to the last two Treks.  While those two films were successful in showing the high drama and danger in Star Trek, &quot;Voyage Home&quot; shows us that in some adventures there needn't be a villian with phasers, but a complex problem which can only be solved through investigation and teamwork.<br />&quot;Star Trek IV&quot; delivers action, suspense and a lot of humor.  It is the best film in the &quot;Star Trek&quot; series.
B0000025YM|5.0|I find it interesting that several fans have likened Defenders to Metallica's Master of Puppets. I will too - It must be that you know perfection when you see it, because I can safely say that Master of Puppets is 100% better than any other CD I own, with the exception of Defenders of the Faith, which is 99% as good as Master. Freewheel Burning is thrash at its most beautiful. Rock Hard Ride Free and the Sentinel are the next best - when I say next best, I still mean a hell of a lot better than any lesser album... This is one album where you don't find some good songs isolated in every third song. This whole CD is one continous, unified masterpiece. I heartily recommend it to anyone who likes old Metallica, thrash/speed metal, etc.
6305922748|5.0|I just got the 'Anniversary' VHS edition to replace my worn-out 'original' (I call my 'new original' :), and I loved the additions they made (although it sounds like the DVD got some more stuff!).  <br />This movie is a well-known classic - and it's long standing amongst fans of the movie almost mimics the fan base of the fictional 'Tap' band in the movie!  I loved every minute of this video - Rob Reiner's incisive view of the rock and roll world was right on target - and even many 'old rockers' kid about being compared to 'Spinal Tap' (most recently, Yes and Iron Maiden to name a few - the old rockers get a kick out of it too!) I cannot help bringing up classic lines from this vid when the time is right.  I think Rob really did some homework and did a great job in doing a video that really could have been pretty bad if approached differently.  <br />It is hard to fully catch the quality and fun that is what 'This is Spinal Tap' is - what is great is that I feel it is a movie that anyone could enjoy it - not just a music nut (like me).  Turn this up to 11 (thanks to the new remastering, and with some DUBLY thrown in for sure :) and enjoy this classic all over again.
B00004XQP4|1.0|Don't believe the hype.  The boys sound tired, and the album is a retread and attempt at former glory (the only difference is that they use acoustic guitars this time).  Save your [money].
B00004XONN|4.0|I'm troubled by the customer reviews that belittle Radiohead fans for loving an album they don't quite &quot;get&quot; -- the same reviews that call the music on Kid A noise or screeching.  Those who think appreciation for this work is a case of the emperor's new clothes need to undertand a few things about art and music and its value, and I direct this review to them.  <br />Firstly:  art is a product of expression that a person takes in through his senses and reacts to, usually emotionally.  I don't know why I like Monet's haystacks, or some of Rothko's works, but they speak to me in a way I can't put into words.  So it is for some of us who like Kid A.  I can't understand the words, and the song forms are unfamiliar, but an emotion is expressed in this album's disjointed riffs and eerie dynamics.  It's not jump-in-the-car-on-a-sunny-Saturday music, not a soundtrack to your morning commute or your evening workout.  It's art.  Not everyone has to like it.  <br />Which brings me to point 2:  Radiohead don't care if they sell a bunch of records to the masses.  They're not trying to top Britney Spears, and that's one of the big reasons why those of us who like them, like them.  In other words, if it doesn't speak to you, it wasn't meant for you.<br />Thirdly:  of course a band's strongest fan base is more likely to go along for the ride.  Better to go for a ride than to watch your favorite band try to do the same thing over and over again.<br />So what road sign should a reviewer put ahead of the detour that is Kid A?  Here's what I'd say:  go into it with no expectations.  Of all Radiohead's works thus far, this new one is actually most like their film, Meeting People Is Easy.  It's cold and startling, not always easy to take, and very moving.  It's not as abstract as some make it out to be; if it were a film, it would be along the lines of &quot;35 Short Films About Glenn Gould&quot; in the way it alternates the familiar with the utterly abstract and shrouds its meaning until the very end, when the gestalt of the work washes over you.<br />Like I was saying, it's hard to put into words...
B00004XONN|3.0|OK computer sounded like nothing I've ever heard before in that it projected an edgy, futuristic ambiance. Maybe it was the measured precision of every sound on the album. Kid A is pretty decent and interesting but they're more like artists splashing paint on a canvas now without as much attention to detail. I guess they got tired and eased up a bit. In places Kid A sounds more like an IMax soundtrack than rock but it's still good to listen to, mostly. The first half of the album can grate on your nerves if you've been up too long. The 4 minutes of nothing at the seem to fit in with the rest of the album... nothing awe inspiring but artistic
6305949980|5.0|THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS is one of my favorite films of all time, and introduced me to the fabulous and bizarre world of Tim Burton.  What blew me away was the incredible animation, the attention to tiny details, Danny Elfman's remarkable music and songs, and the imaginative story that only could be thought up by someone as creative as Burton.  THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS belongs on every movie fan's shelf, and the Special Edition includes behind-the-making footage that makes you appreciate the craftmanship of the animators even more.  Truly brillaint!  Buy it now!!
0684853523|5.0|This  is the one! The one book about writing that you should read. If you are a writer it is invaluable. If you are a reader it is a mind opening experience to see into the talented Mr. King's mind. The only book I've ever read about writing that I think is PERFECT. Do yourself a favor and buy this book!
0679879269|5.0|His Dark Materials has been more than just tree pulp and squid-spit to me. It has been more than just a story to me. In my mind it is an event, a definition of excellence, a standard that I will compare every other book I have or will read against. What has amazed me about this series is this: When I first read The Golden Compass I was thoroughly amazed at how far above other books the quality and complexity of the tome  truly was. The volume of ideas that it presented to me was amazing. The other phenomenal aspect of it was the completeness of the universe Pullman created; from the customs to the vernacular, all of it seemed to have evolved rather than been created. How deep the similarities and disparities between our world and Lyra's Oxford ran was something I savored. To me it seemed that just one facet of that diamond universe in this book was the product of a lifetime of work by a regiment of divinely inspired writers rather than bottled water  from one man's stream of consciousness.  And then, with the addition of The Subtle Knife, everything that was outstanding in first episode of His Dark Materials increases exponentially. Even though  The Subtle Knife blends seamlessly with The Golden Compass, it has a texture and tone that is completely unique.  Finally, with The Amber Spyglass, Pulman makes the final transition from classic to masterpiece. This book raises the standard once more and ends the saga more gracefully and more powerfully than any other conclusion I have ever known.   If you have the time and means, it would be a travesty not to read these books. The universe contained within these covers is one of the most beautiful things man could create.   And for those of you who have read the book and wish to discuss it, feel free to e-mail me at super_gaijin@hotmail.com, as I have found an interesting loophole dealing with the ending that I would like to share, but I don't want to ruin it for anyone reading this that has not finished it.
B000023VR6|5.0|Let me tell ya, I bought this album and it goes to prove that Dre is still goin' strong.  Smokin' tracks done with Snoop will keep ya' groovin all night.  Any time you go drivin, this is the perfect c.d. to move to.
B00000JBCP|5.0|Ijust want to say that Mana is my personal #1 band I Love them Ihave been to 4 of there concert's when they come  to california. I really enjoy listing to there music they are the best .I can't wait to here a new album from them .Keep up the great work.Ilove you.
B000000OAL|4.0|This, the earliest of Queen albums, is certianly not one to be missed. It is a prime example of the band's first steps into the rock world that they would soon recreate. It wasn't a big hit when it was orriginally released in 1973. I guess the world wasn't quite ready for such a force of music.<br />The crown jewel of the album is quite definatly Mercury's &quot;My Fairy King,&quot; which is quite reminiscent of the later &quot;March of the Black Queen,&quot; &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody,&quot; and the later &quot;Innuendo&quot; in it's overlayered and poetic quality. I had to listen to it about five times to understand it, and I still don't, but it was instant love. Other highlights are as follows: &quot;Keep Yourself Alive,&quot; with the mezmerizing drum solo from Mr. Taylor; &quot;Doin Alright,&quot; the first Queen ballad ever heard which is really quite beautiful; &quot;Great King Rat,&quot; with it's risque lyrics and fast-paced rythem; &quot;Liar&quot; and it's musical gymnastics; and the previously unreleased &quot;Mad the Swine.&quot;<br />I believe that the album is one to be heard, and one to be kept, but it's not quite my favorite. It's hard to describe, but it's obviously Queen.<br />... .
0944379044|1.0|this book is a book from some person, what the world seems as a bad person. In the most way i agree with is, but not with some things. Cultures are different, there are so many people on this world, with differend looks and looking into the world. Also is there a different between strong and weakniss people. We most protect weakness from the strongest. but also protect cultures and not become on big family. Let every land hold his culture, it is nice to go on vacation and to see the differences with your own land.
0684853523|5.0|Steven King has a gift, a true gift of keeping his audiences in awe and suspense.  I haven't read too many of his books, although I have a stack of them a firend gave to me to read, I bought this because I myself am a writer and wanted to see another writer's perspective on things.  I have always enjoyed reading about the craft of writing.  This book not only tells a story about how Mr. King (I give his due respect) got into writing in the first place, and how he was rejected and rejected and rejected, but then one day, magic happens!  He is accepted to have a book or novella or story (I cannot remember off the top of my head) published.<br />He is an AWESOME writer and I have a lot of respect for him and his wife as writers and people.  I hope that all readers and writers alike enjoyed this book as much as I.  I give this book two thumbs up from my hand and 2 from my friends hand!  I LOVED this book!  Hope you do too!
B000002513|5.0|This album exists as almost a ghost in the extensive Bruce Springsteen catalog, but I think it is a ghost he has been chasing after ever since its release back in the early '70's.  Bruce no longer plays very many songs off this album, and the only track that receives any kind of airplay is Rosalita, but this is perhaps the most important Springsteen album, and it set the tone for the many diverse treats this artist would serve up in years to come.<br />The first thing that strikes the listener is the shimmering poetry of songs like &quot;Sandy&quot; and &quot;Billy's Wild Circus&quot;.  The listener is carried through the music by an unstoppable momentum.  The E-Street Band has never been tighter, and Springsteens writing has never been better. <br />One trait of this album that is rarely discussed is the quality of the sound.  Do I remember hearing that Springsteen was unhappy with how the sound turned out on this album?  If so, I don't understand why.  The music is crisp, fresh, and keeps you involved in the winding twisting stories of archetypical Springsteen losers.<br />The seeds for everything else Springsteen has done are found on this album.  The operatic songs, the stories, the band and their big big sound.  Listen to this disc, and you will understand everything else Springsteen has done.
B000001G6W|5.0|I have always (fanatically) admired the BPO and Herr von Karajan's recordings - it has become one of my  missions in life to collect all of his recordings, whether they are bad or not. But for this recording, I am not biased. This is the 3rd of Karajan's five or six recordings of the Ninth, and what a result! Many people have commented that this is the best of his ninth's and particularly the 3rd mvmt has been singled out for its beauty. I completely agree. It is by far the most spiritual reading from Karajan and one of the most definitive recordings of this work, in terms of sound, playing etc., except for the chorus. The Wiener Singverein are apallingly out of tune and the sopranos are very squawky, but all this does NOT detract it from being a 5-star CD. At least they sing with passion. The singing of Sintow, Baltsa, Schreier and Van Dam are simply to die for. Karajan was famous for being a very good voice-picker (and voice-wrecker), and in here it is no exception. Sintow is just heavenly, Baltsa taut, Schreier pure and Van Dam heroic. They sing together with sheer joy, and so do the Berliner Philharmoniker: they give one of their most committed performances on disc. The last movement is played with warmth and passion and the coda is extremely fast (but always under control) and it makes the whole thing joyful and triumphant. The ensemble is always spot-on and amazingly fiery for a studio recording. The timpanist at the coda of the last movement seems to have been given free rein, as I have never heard such bashing of the drums in the ninth. Sonically, this is a great DG recording, but the chorus is too closely and dryly recorded, and I wish that the tonmeister would have given more room for the woodwinds in the coda of the last mvmt, because the woodwinds are very important in this symphony rhythmically. But, I have noticed that in his 3 recordings for DG, Karajan emphasised different sections of the orchestra for each recording. eg. for 1963, it was the stringsection that got the spotlight, in the 1977 the brass and percussion, and in 1984 the bass section. So it could be said that even at this stage, Karajan was experimenting with sonical implications in a sound recording. It is a damn good success generally, and I can safely bet that one will not get a more fiery studio Ninth anywhere. Buy it for the sake of the Solo singing and the perfect playing of BPO!!
B00004Z511|5.0|If the main reason you like Radiohead is because they are, artistically, on a boundless journey instead of on a narrow-gauge railroad track, this cd is for you..... &quot;OK Computer&quot; is one of my favorite albums, but I would have been seriously disappointed in these guys if &quot;Kid A&quot; had been &quot;OK Computer II&quot;.......It most definitely is not.........These are soundscapes and moods......fleeting thoughts and manic energy.....This music is all about atmosphere and attitude and not at all about 3 minute 40 second, short attention-span, radio sales pitch friendly singles..... From the ominous opening of &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; to the final moments of roaring silence, this music insists that you wake up and smell the reality........... This imaginative, creative and ( so far ) independent band deserves all the support and attention you can hunt and gather. Hey, look at it this way....Even if you don't like this Radiohead cd, the next one is sure to be something completely different.....
B00004XONN|5.0|700 reviews in 2 weeks!!!. One thing KID A has certainly generated is a whole lot of thought and comment. Is there anything more to write that hasn't been said? Yes!!!!!!....treat it as an album, not as something to be picked at from the first listen. Patience is for me the key.......DON'T FORCE IT!!!!!!   KID A is a truely powerful, beautiful and totally original piece of work. True to previous Radiohead albums, pleasure was not gained from the first listen. In saying that I was listening at work on tinny PC speakers in an atmosphere not totally suited to appreciating music. After work however, on a cold and rainy Auckland night, the lights at home were dimmed, a glass of fine red poured and excellent conversation begun. Unbeknown to my flatmate, Kid A was slipped on after an hour or so. In this new setting the music began to make sense....the harmony began to come out and for the first time I sensed real beauty. The synth in Kid A (the track) went from unnoticed and unexceptional to beautiful and spine tingling. The next day the voyage continued as the album really began to take shape. Friends who weren't fans of the band liked it instantly, first as unintrusive background music and then again on a proper &quot;conscious&quot; listen. Previous non-fans, no OK Computer or Bends to speak of, suddenly taking notice.      As for the album and the music itself. It sounds like Radiohead to me, and does so more and more with each listening. I have to say I am surprised with all the comments stating that this album is such a new and different sound. Logical progression is what I would call it. I do not find it &quot;techno&quot; as it were, although its obviously very electronic. I listen to a lot of British dance music (its my &quot;rock'n'roll&quot;)and maybe as a result find this album to still be rock (for want of a better word). Massive Attack springs to mind in a comparison sense with the weird samples and moody soundscapes. Radiohead has not &quot;killed rock&quot;as one reviewer stated.....indeed they have added to the genre in no uncertain sense.        How to listen to it? An obvious bone of contention amongst many reviewers on this web site. I recommend heading home, with some good friends and begin with it as background music to good conversation. This album creeps into your consciousness. It creates a very nice mood in a relaxing social situation. Wait until your friends suddenly say &quot;who's this&quot;, and especially with non-fans, watch the surprise when you answer &quot;RAdiohead&quot; (often known as grunge rockers from Creep days). People like this album when introduced to it correctly, you cannot force it on them, as they will try to listen and not undersatnd. It is not instant beauty, yet it gets more and more beautiful the more one listens to it.....It is indeed a beautiful, beautiful album.       Some reviewers are very disappointed about this album. I would suggest they do what I have suggested above. Listen to it without scrutinising it. Let it creep (excuse the pun) up on you and get into your blood....then scrutinise it. Theres abundant harmony and much, much more.       My ranking for Radiohead albums to date........without doubt Kid A is # 1.......I like the more electronic side of music....I don't listen to a great deal of rock (have lost touch with it in fact) and I don't listen to chart music. This album is a stayer for sure. The Bends for me rocks in at # 2 and OK at # 3. They are all brilliant pieces of work but that my way of seeing it.<br />Finally, in reiteration, don't force it on yourself. Let it grow on you....theres no need to be 'trainspotter-ish&quot; over it. It will slowly wash into your consciousness and will then be indisposable. Believe me.
B000002U8G|5.0|Meddle may be my favorite Pink Floyd album.  Of course that changes from day to day, but Meddle is one of the regular contenders.  This album is so musical and not stale.  Each track stands completely independent from the other.<br />It starts off with One of These Days, which begins quiet, with different sound effects and builds.  Then it builds and builds and builds until it explodes into a full on assualt of your senses.  This is a great song to turn up and get surrounded in the sound. <br />The other tracks are good too, but I like Echoes so much that I almost always go straight to it.  San Tropez is very interesting.  It's a light, up tempo song.  Seamus is an interesting, bluesy song and Fearless is a nice, downtempo song.<br />But now, for the best part of the album.  Echoes is a little over 23 minutes long, and every time I listen to it, I want it to be longer.  Staring out with a simple, sonar-like ping, it slowly builds to a very full sound.  The voice blends so well witht he instrumentation, that it becomes another instrument.  After the first set of vocals you are taken on a trip.  This song is amazing to turn up and listen to in complete darkness.  After a while, the song turns to wind and then slowly stars adding different elements in again.  From there till the end is such an amazing use of blended sounds building upon eachother, that I cannot describe how good it is.<br />This is an amazing CD that takes the symphonic sounds of Atom Heart Mother another step further.  Don't expect Dark Side or The Wall.  You'll be disappointed if you do.  But if you like the instrumental sounds glimpsed on these two CD's, you will love this album.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|I like Nicholas Cage, but this movie has got to be one of the worst I've ever seen.  The rating is so high for this movie because some guys got a little dumbstruck by a few fancy cars (and maybe Angelina Jolie) flitting across the screen.  I wasn't expecting a &quot;quality&quot; film, but I thought I'd at least be entertained!  This movie had no plot, no character development, and not even any good action!
B00004UFYU|5.0|Although i liked Enae Volare much more than this one, this album is still nothing short of amazing.  it has this very interesting combination of gothic/european medieval-like music mixed with some soothing synths and an added touch of rock<br />My personal favourite - misere mani, a lot more uplifting than the rest of the tracks (and yes now i know why divano would turn out to be a huge hit), good if some radio stations would play it (misere mani)<br />Worse track on the CD - in fine - ... this track is rather useless on this album &lt;-- very boring and long, let alone the huge break in the middle of the track<br />I would have liked however to see a 2000 version of ameno (in my opinion the track that put era on the map, used in the mastercard commercial during france '98 soccer tournament) included with this album.  this is because the the remix of ameno on the original era album ... ugly!  i say the studio engineers should have paid more attention to some of the abrupt cutouts of the vocals when the musician was coming in with the synths crossfading into vocals, but thats the old album, this one is the new one<br />Overall impression:  its good music, as i said very soothing, bringing the european medieval feeling to life.  its a bit pricy though, rather pricy as a matter of fact, ... , then i guess that this is a good buy considering its an import - highly recommended
B00004XONN|2.0|I have to admit, I had high expectations for this album.  Very few bands nowadays release two unquestionable classics (in Radiohead's case, those two are The Bends and OK Computer)and then follow through with a third.  Of all the bands around today, I thought Radiohead, the most innovative musical minds of our generation, could pull it off.  Having listened to Kid A countless times since it's release, I can't help but be dissapointed.  Looking over the reviews, I'm not sure how anyone could have given this album a five star rating. Is it the most innovative album in a long time?  Yes.  But in the process of being innovative, it seems much of the music has been sacrificed.<br />I'll grant Kid A this: it's typical Radiohead in that it's unlike anything you've ever heard before.  But what I won't grant it is that it's a musical masterpiece for the new millenium.  It's not a poor effort, and I was just as shocked to see one star reviews as I was five star.  There a few songs on here, particuallrly &quot;How To Dissapear Compltely,&quot; that send emotional shivers down your spine like only Radiohead can.  But for the most part, a lot of the music is just out and out bland, despite the synthetic twist put upon it.<br />In fact, I wouldn't even call a few of the tracks on here &quot;music&quot; at all.  Is the title track supposed to be a joke?  It sounded like an outtake from the Super Mario Brothers soundtrack.  Perhaps if I had a joystick in my hand and was watching an Italian plumber bounce around on screen, I could tolerate it's incessant noise.  But from a purely musical perspective, it's crap.  It's essentially nothing but various annoying sound effects, and that's what you'll find on many of Kid A's tracks: much noise,little essense.<br />What made OK Computer such a phenomenal success was it's operatic complexity.  None of that is present in Kid A.  In fact, many of the songs keep the same exact rythm from start to finish, with virtually no chord changes whatsoever.  And one of Radiohead's biggest assessts, Thom Yorke's angelic voice, is lost in the background to the ceaseless sound effects that try so deperately to promote this album as an avant-garde classic.  <br />If Kid A were released by any other band, people would certainly view it as unique, but I doubt many would harald it as a classic, and I'm extremely skeptical that it would have debuted at number one.  My theory is it landed so high because everyone was expecting another OK Computer, but that's not what you'll find here.  What you will find is something that, with each return listen, sounds less and less like Radiohead, and more and more like mediocrity.
0440219078|4.0|I am currently reading the book &quot;The Giver&quot; by, Lois Lowry. I started it not too long ago, and I cant seem to put it down! It's definately a book that I would recommend to someone who enjoys reading about excitement, and suspense. It's a very ambiguous story. That goes into alot of detail. Their world is very different from ours, and it makes me thankful for the things i have. However, i wouldnt really mind being Jonas's character. He's the main character and goes through one exciting adventure! But i guess if you want to know what happens, then you'll have to read the book!
1878424114|5.0|He speaks in language down to earth enough for anyone to understand.  Seven laws gives us the keys to truly living up to our intended purpose.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
630245333X|4.0|This was a good flick. Lots of blood, carnage, and violence.  The movie had some really gross scenes. A guy gets pulled down a drain, a jock gets dissolved at the hospital{this scene disturbed me the most} and another guy gets pulled through a ladder and is broken in two backwards. OUCH! There was nothing that I really didn't like about the movie. Just that there sometimes was a little too much blood. Certainly not for the weak at heart or stomach.
B00004XONN|2.0|After trying to get used to the new project I can't find much to enjoy aside from maybe three tracks.  People are calling it artwork but if that's what I wanted I would buy some Picasso.  I was looking for music and Radiohead failed to deliver for the first time ever.  No one would have produced this garbage had it been another band but Radiohead does it ... call it the album of the year.  I think I'll just keep listening to OK Computer.
B000002KON|5.0|I picked this up the other day and I really can't believe how amazingly well-written and conceived this album is! It just about puts Lennon to shame. Ray Davies is His equal on this album, even if submerged within the confines of writing a rock opera with strict narrative guidelines. Great story, great songs, great album. Of course, it's meant to be listened to as a whole, and the singles are far better within the context of Ray's master plan. The digitally remastered reissue has TEN(!) bonus tracks! Among them is &quot;King Kong&quot;, an explosive (and funny)rocker criticising the policeman politics of the world's superpowers. God save The Kinks!
B00004XONN|5.0|Hi everyone:   I'm sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you, but, well, you know, I've been hiding.  It's been a steady trickle up 'til now, but from here on out, you should see some increased momentum on the glaciers. Don't worry about me, though, I'll only tell you what you need to hear, and the only advice I can give right now is that you just need to keep believing.  Oh, and I'd just like to say that I quite fancy the album.<br />toodles!         ~   Kid A
B00004XONN|4.0|I must admit, at first listen, I found myself agreeing with some of the negative reviews of this CD.  Being a loyal fan and lover of Radiohead's previous 3 CD's, I found myself thinking, &quot;what the HELL is this?&quot;  However, I persisted to listen to it at least once a day for the past two weeks and ultimately came to love it.  <br />The one major difference I find with this CD is it tends to feel more like background music.  The past CD's seemed to draw me in and force me to pay attention.  This one is almost subliminal.  For me, it's a great album to work to or even read to.  It seems to get it's message across without me even knowing it.  <br />My advice to others:  GIVE IT A CHANCE!
B00000JGHL|4.0|This film was made and was in theaters after &quot;HEAT&quot;, but before &quot;Devil's Advocate&quot; and I must say that I actually liked it more than &quot;Donnie Brasco&quot;. Pacino's John Pappas, actually made me wish that there were such a politician in the big apple after the passionate and vigorous speech given at the funeral in Harlem.  The fact that at the end we find out that he was not as &quot;kosher&quot; as we were led to believe in the beginning, along with Danny Aiello's corrupt Anselmo, makes a person lose their faith in the movie's public officials as we do in real life after we've put so much faith and trust in them and we have the good script to thank for that. As for the rest of the cast, John Cusack has never been better as Kevin, the rightous deputy mayor along with Aiello and Fonda (too bad only a hint of affection between her and Cusack). Overall, the underrated &quot;City Hall&quot; is entertaining and suspenseful and a great &quot;Pacino movie&quot;.             Favorite line: Kevin: &quot;The only thing new in this world is the history that you don't know.&quot;
B000002WU9|3.0|Positives: It's cool to have multiple rappers in every track. Raekwon is a tight Nas-like rapper and even features Nas on the album. &quot;Guillotine [Swordz]&quot; has an incredibly cool beat. One of the best I've ever heard. &quot;Verbal Intercourse&quot; with Nas &amp; Ghostface (of course) is really good. The tracks with Meth are pretty cool.<br />Negatives: I don't think this album is the legendary album many claim it is. I'm a huge Wu fan, but Raekwon's new album is better than this. A lot of the beats seem a little too simple even for a few years ago. I'd like to know why if this was Raekwon's debut album, he had Ghostface on nearly every track. You'd think he'd want to be recognized for his own skills a little more. This can hardly be called Raekwon's album. It should be released as a group album like Eightball &amp; MJG.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think this CD has much better meaning to it than the original. It has more girl power and less longing for love. My favorite songs here (In order from lest to most) are: &quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;Ooops, I Did It Again&quot; &quot;What U See&quot; and &quot;Stronger&quot; I also like &quot;I can't get no Satisfaction&quot; but it's not really the song that has captured my attention, it's the outfit she wore when she performed it at the MTV VMA awards. Did anybody else see it? She never looked more amazing! I like that she is finally becoming more daring and paying less attention to critics. She looked great in the video &quot;Lucky&quot; and I hope that &quot;Stronger&quot; is made into a video soon because it would make a nice year of amazing vids for her, most of which were preaching that you don't need a man to get on with life. I hope she stays on this kick for the next couple of albums which I'm sure there will be!
B000002B1M|4.0|Positives: Nas is a great rapper. You just can't say that enough. This is his second-best attempt at a record and it's pretty good. Some of the better tracks are &quot;The Message&quot;, &quot;Affirmative Action&quot;, &quot;Shootouts&quot; and &quot;Silent Murder&quot;. Most tracks have really good beats. &quot;I Gave You Power&quot; is an excellent track. It's Nas rapping from the point of view of a gun and it's an original idea on an old topic. It's cool that Dre is hooking up with more cool rappers cause he is one of the best rap producers there is.<br />Negatives: &quot;Watch dem Ni**as&quot; and &quot;Black Girl Lost&quot; are just too soft for Nas. He needs to stick harder stuff. The chorus for &quot;Street Dreams&quot; is terrible. His topics are limited but he does his best to overcome these boundaries.
B0000029GA|3.0|Positives: Young Nas had a pretty cool flow and a more basic style back in '94. The better tracks on the album are &quot;The World Is Yours&quot;, &quot;Memory Lane&quot;, &amp; &quot;Represent&quot;. Nas does show a lot of potential in this album but I wouldn't call it a classic by any means.<br />Negatives: I think the album is too basic and old school but I guess a lot of rap from six years ago could be described that way. The CD has only 10 tracks and is 40 minutes long so it's a little short. This album is not very good compared to &quot;I Am&quot;, his 3rd album, but I heard this one last of his four. I might have thought more of this album if I'd heard it in '94.
B00009NHC5|4.0|As usual, Audrey Hepburn was giggling throughout this entire production, but definitely NOT when the cameras rolled! She turns in a very convincing performance as a terrified (for good reason!) blind woman with class and dignity. Indeed, Hepburn's spirit, and gutsy, determined character carries an otherwise lackluster storyline. Terence Young also helps save the day by directing with a Hitchcockian flare! The remaining cast members contribute solid acting despite pretty much stereotypical characterizations. Besides Hepburn, the little girl next door is undoubtedly the most savvy and memorable. This film features fifteen, count em' 15 of the scariest (consecutive!) minutes ever recorded in cinematic history! It's a thrilling conclusion to a suspenseful movie that (unfortunately) contains its share of lackluster and unsettling moments as well. Try watching the last fifteen minutes in the dark!
B00004XONN|3.0|this album (kid a)... won't be liked for the most part.... because the avarage amazon onlooker is used to FORM... this is ultimately a non-conforming record... which is why it's beautiful.... it is merely punching holes through the 'walls' that recording corporations have placed around  bands as talented as radiohead.... the phrase 'i'm a creep, i'm a weirdo... what the ... am i doing here, i don't belong here' from their 1993 debut single creep, was a statement for it's time (though over played... but that's really not the bands fault).... in 2000, that song would appear quite trendy... due to the corporate explosion of 'loser rock'.... radiohead never want to repeat themselves, appearantly.... they want to challenge not only their audience, but themselves and other artists.....   kid A is a very original and sonicly beautiful way of saying 'i'm still a creep, a loser... and i still don't belong here'.... maybe radiohead doesn't tour the US so often because the average american 'listener' actually expects what's been fed to them the time before.... maybe the band knows that this record will indeed shake off some unimaginative fans... kudos to radiohead for making a very cryptic and interesting record...  that doesn't sound like any of their previous efforts....
B00004SU5J|5.0|...Cet album de St-Germian Tourist est simplementF-A-B-U-L-E-U-X et j'espre sincrement qu'il donnera une bonne leonde jazz-house a ces Amricains! En tout cas &quot;Tourist&quot; est lecri de gloire de la scne Franaise et suscitera surement un plusgrand interet pour ces Jazzmen europens trop longtemps mconnus parnos amis d'Outre-Manche!
B00000K0T8|4.0|Positives: This is another cool album from the Wu. The beats and rapping are rarely anything but top notch. Ghostface is a tight rapper and all the featured rappers are just as good or better than he is. There aren't any tracks that really stand out as exceptionally good or bad. Filled with Wu beats and Ghost holding it down. Nothing spectacular, but a good album.<br />Negatives: No real standout tracks. Ghost is focused on a few topics and doesn't rap about as much as a group like Outkast.
B00004X01U|4.0|The most famous woman in the world once again has the world listening to her voice. On this album sometimes that voice is put through a computer (i.e. Cher) but it still sends the same message, MUSIC. Music is the one area in Madonna's life that she rarely makes a mistake. Possibly because she has so much control over the final product. Maybe she should start producing and directing her own movies. With high-energy dance tunes and slower ballads of love, there is something on this album for every Madonna fan. This is no Ray of Light 2, nor would anyone expect that from Madonna. When it comes to her music, Madonna is hardly one to look back. Can you imagine listening to Like a Virgin now? If you enjoy Madonna, rush out and get this excellent new album. If you don't enjoy Madonna, what are you doing reading this?
B000021XS0|5.0|I bought this when it came out, and i've probably listened to it a thousand times since (about a year). There's so much to hear, there's so many technical things, little nunances, layers, depth of story line....it's hard to start off at one point. This is an important album for our time, and I can tell that a lot of people have been affected by it (wow, over 300 reviewers?). It's basically a concept album with talented musicians playing deep, intricate melodies, rhytms, and progressions, all within the bounds of modern rock/metal. John Petrucci is burning here, he plays with stunning focus and originality, Mike Portnoy is at his best, although i'll agree with some reviewers that his tone wasn't so great. James LaBrie finally holds back a little on this one and sings more soulfully and not trying to be like Iron Maiden as much. John Myung.....well, you never really hear him much since the guitar is so intense, but i'm sure he's doing good! And newcomer Jordan Rudess is the most classically trained keyboardist here (and hopefully he'll be around longer than Kevin Moore was!) and he plays great, a lot of synth and piano. The story is cool, you'll have to listen to it a bunch of times to understand it. It's kind of a sequel to a song that's on &quot;Images and Words&quot; but you couldn't tell much since that song didn't make a whole lot of sense. I gather that it's basically a modern Romulus and Remus story with romance and jealousy involved, hence &quot;Metropolis&quot;. Well, enough talk.....just listen! It's the best new album i've heard of the last year or two.....the most important concept album since &quot;The Wall&quot;. Get it already!
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's new album in 3 years, the fantasy ridden &quot;Kid A&quot;, more musical than lyrical. No complaints here, but the fact I'll be spending 13 bucks on a basically instrumental album is beyond me.<br />Though Yorke is famous for his silly slurs, &quot;Kid A&quot;'s music tends to make up for lost time. In my personal opinion, &quot;Optimistic&quot; is the back bone of the album but the lyrics are quite fishy(The big fish eat the little ones/the big fish eat the little ones/I don't mind/give me some&quot;. My favourite track is &quot;Idioteque&quot;. It's skipping beat and original harmony fascinates me everytime. The album ends on the mellow &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; which I think would be a good song to shack to.<br />Overall, &quot;Kid A&quot; is pleasant. But if you want rock here...see Fred Durst.
B000002546|5.0|I'm just going straight out to say that this is the best instrumental guitar record, listening-wise. What I mean is that, although you won't exactly be &quot;floored&quot; by Beck's technique (it's good), this is all about having the most incredible listening experience, and I honestly think that they went into the studio with that in mind. There is a lot to like about this album, once it starts out with the funky chords of &quot;You Know What I Mean&quot; to the intense orchestral complexities of &quot;Diamond Dust&quot;. I especially love &quot;AIR Blower&quot; and &quot;Scatterbrain&quot;...it's what a true jazz/fusion fan would wet his pants on. &quot;Cause We've Ended As Lovers&quot; is a true classic, very soulful and expressive, &quot;Thelonius&quot; is funky cool, and &quot;Highway Jam&quot; is just a tight grooving rock. The only real weak spot in the album is &quot;Constipated Duck&quot;...but I will overlook that in rating, mostly cause the album title is so cool! It's better to listen to and be amazed by than most any other guitar album i've heard, and trust me i've heard a lot of them! Listen, the sound quality is great for an album recorded 25 years ago, it's a good price at amazon.com.....there's no reason to pass up on it, unless of course you accidentally stumpled here looking for the next Dr Dre CD. In that case.....why are you here?
158234082X|5.0|I found his book to be very honest . As a fellow &quot;CIA alumni 83&quot; of Anthony, And I am currently an executive chef  .I would strongly recomend his book to any of my friends in the business, and    anyone looking into the hospitality industry. I feel that when you read his book you can slip in to his shoes, I know I did .I can remember like it was yesterday the dreaded souffle station at the CIA . This book is not for every body as I could tell by the reviews   I could tell the blue collar reviewer from the white collar reviewers in only one sentence if you know what I mean . The only thing that Anthony  failed too completely express is that just because you go to culinary school dosen't mean you are a chef when you graduate. They only give you the basic skills and tools needed to expand your knowledge. The school setting is a fantasy world application and you will be eaten up in the real world .You only realy become a chef is thru years of hard work and life experiences that make you a chef like Anthony Bourdian is. Just becaues you wear a tall hat and chefs coat gives you the skills and experience to call your self a chef. I proudly wear a dishwasher shirt when working the line in a kitchen. I would say this book should be a must read for the insane people who want to  enter the  restaurant business , along with Michael Ruhlmans &quot;The Making Of A Chef&quot; , their are far to many people calling them selfs chefs these days .I look foward to his next book
B00004U45G|5.0|This CD along with the 2nd Spodek CD by Pearl Jam probably will be regarded as the greatest Live CD`s of the decade.The power of the Rhythym section and the loose bluesy lead and vocals riding over it will let you believe that rock music can outlast yet another trend of crap. Jimmy and the Crowes have made a masterpiece that will be refered to years from now. A once in a lifetime show.
0060254920|5.0|Where The Wild Things Are was my favorite book as a child and I still love it today.  I lost my original copy long ago and just bought a new copy today. The soft cover is the best! All of the illustrations are wonderful and it gives me a warm feeling just to see the book.  Every child I know will get to read this book!  Get out the chocolate chip cookies a small glass of milk (for dipping) and revisit the best times of childhood.
B00004XONN|2.0|Lets face facts,if this album was not by Radiohead the majority of you people wouldn't go near it. It is a lazy attempt to try something new but the ideas are stale and the overall effect is boring album. I think Radiohead have the potential to be one of the greatest bands of all time but this is a backward step in their evolution. If you want to hear this type of experemental concept executed properly pick up Low or Heros by Bowie. I also think that the fact that radiohead are planning to release another album so hastily can be seen as a sonic apoligy, and I for one are looking forward to forgiving them.
B000007MVM|4.0|The Madcapp Laughs was Syd Barrett's first solo album after his crazy behavior caused him to leave a position as leader of Pink Floyd, then a London club act with playful psychedelic pop songs, written by Barrett and a promising future. It was an attempt by his record company and his former bandmates, producers, Roger Waters and David Gilmour to get Barrett on the track to the bright career all had thought this obviously unique and gifted songwriter had. It would be unsucessful. Another solo album, even more brittle and less coherent would follow in 1970 and any attempt to perform with or record Barrett would be disasterous.<br />As Barrett was still mentally fragile while this album was recorded, only Terrepin, Here I Go and Octopus were songs that had his Floyd singles' joyous flair. Most others were slow, brittle songs which were impossible for his collaborators to do much with, which is the likely reason as to why only about half of them include Barrett being accompanied by other instrumentalists. A suite of three solo particularly strange and tormented acoustic songs, She Took a Long Cold Look, Feel and If It's In, included several moments of banter from the control room and Syd asking to start again, almost as if humor were one of few ways to deel with the frustrations of working with such a withdrawn man. <br />Some listeners may be annoyed by the album's lack of production value and the songs' sketchiness. Dark Globe clocks in at under two minutes and consists of an acoustic guitar and Syd singing/babbling with lyrics that remains cryptic at best but within this skeleton of a song, one is privy to Barrett's mind set. &quot;I'm only a person with Eskimo chain/I tattooed my brain all the way.../Won't you miss me?/Wouldn't you miss me at all?&quot; It's as almost as Barrett was no longer able to phrase thoughts in a normal manor after his mental breakdown three years earlier, the result of possible LSD, the pressures of Pink Floyd's mounting success and/or someprevious psychological problem. Other songs such as Late Night (&quot;When you showed me your eyes/whispered low of the skies/then I wanted to stay with you/inside me I feel alone and unreal/and the way you kiss will always be/a very special thing to me...&quot;) and Long Gone (&quot;And I stood very still by the window sill/and I wondered for those I love still/I cried in my/mind where I stand behind/the beauty of love's in her eyes/She was long gone, long, long gone&quot;) show torment that make it difficult for listeners not to feel at least curious of Barrett. Like Nick Drake's Pink Moon, this album accidentally allows the listener a glimpse into the performer's mind. The blurred lyrics and fragile strums of the acoustic guitar prove a fascinating experience for those who have already joined the cult following of this erratic, charismatic young musician.
B00004U8JU|4.0|This movie sounds fantastic on DVD.  I disagree with the naysayers that state their negative opinions.  I think this movie IS mind candy...and eye candy...and ear candy.  That is called entertainment.  No, it isn't Citizen Kane, but when you want to have fun, Spielberg knows how to deliver the goods.<br />The DTS sound is better than ever.  Clearer, wider soundstage, and much more punch than anything I have heard on DVD.  If you have a DTS decoder, like sci-fi or horror, and have the surround sound system to go with this DVD - you are going to have a real good time.
B000001ESF|4.0|Though Rush experimented with writing epics on their previous album, this is the one where it all clicked.  From the opening whoosh of the synthesizer (its first appearance on a Rush record) to the thundering close of &quot;Grand Finale&quot;, the title suite is a great slab of heavy progressive rock -- you don't even need to take the Rand-influenced lyrics seriously to enjoy it.  Side 2, filled with more of the Zeppelinesque hard rock of their early period, is less exciting -- with the exception of &quot;Something for Nothing&quot; and the drug-addled &quot;Passage to Bangkok&quot;, the songs are mostly forgettable.  No matter; this is a CD you buy for the first half.
B00000FCBC|1.0|This album should have stayed in the Garage, buried forever under a pile of old clothes to never see the light. I traded this album in at a local record store for something else after one spin. I liked tracks #4 and 9 on Disc 1, and track # 10 on Disc 2. I just didn't care much for this two-disc set and I wouldn't recommend it to any music fan.
B00001NFCY|3.0|everyone seems to be gushing about how great this cd is, but let me offer an alternate perspective.  i heard &quot;higher&quot; on the radio and bought the cd thinking that the rest of the it would be similar.  the second half is good, the music resembling the style of the song i bought the cd for.  the first half, however is more hard rock than i  could stand.  it's a personal preference i know, but if you buy this cd thinking that it's all going to be like &quot;higher&quot; or &quot;arms wide open&quot;, you might be disappointed as i was.  it's not an awful cd, just a waste of my money.
B000002H6C|4.0|This is my favorite Metallica album, which is odd because this album has so many tracks that I faithfully skip over. It's my opinion that Metallica has great songs but terrible albums. On this disc the tracks that I skip outnumber the songs that rock hard. Still, the numbers that do rock hard will leave you pumped and psyched. I love the hard sounding guitars, the pounding drums, and the thumping bass that dominate the best tracks on this disc. Best tracks: #1, 2, 4, and 5. The rest is for diehard fans.
B00004XONN|4.0|3.5 starts really, not quite 4, but not quite 3. Radiohead is trying to sound different and they do.  However, some of their &quot;trademark&quot; sound also shines through in Thom's vocals, How to Disappear Completely, and especially Optimistic.  Hear this: OPTIMISTIC IS THE BEST SONG RADIOHEAD HAS EVER DONE!!! IMO of course.    I can't get enough of it.  Also, Motion Picture Soundtrack swells with emotion, when Thom sings: &quot;I will see you in the next life&quot; to the swell of the choir, it honestly brings tears to my eyes...it makes me think of my recently departed Grandma.<br />That said, something about the CD as a whole doesn't touch me the way that OK Computer did, it's a little less, erm...human or something.  While I think songs like Kid A and Treefingers are novel and interesting, they don't do a whole lot for me except provide filler.  Stupid sounding, but I can't quite articulate it.  <br />However, I whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone with an open-mind to good music with a range of influences.  Some people at work are really enjoying it based on my recommendation--I made them keep trying, because they hated it at first, but they really started getting into it after a few listens.   By the way, I *HATED* it the first 3 times I listened to it and nearly gave up.  If it weren't Radiohead, I'd probably never listen to it again.  It's worth multiple listens.
B000002HMH|4.0|I'm the kind of fan that could care less about the performers in the band. Some say Metallica sold-out with this album. I say who cares because there are many great songs on this disc. For maximum enjoyment I play tracks #1, 4, 5, 6, and 7 at full blast. The rest of the album is kind of weak, even for diehard Metallica fans. Still, the tracks I mentioned earlier should please most fans because they are true to form, classic Metallica. The guitars, bass, crashing drums, and screaming vocals all add-up to an excellent collection of tracks on a energetic, if unequal album.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I at first really had no interest to see this movie when it came out. But then it started getting rave reviews (Leonard Maltin aside) and I felt I just had to. All the hype and/or complaining about this movie is very deceiving. It is not just another shoot-the-aliens-with-progressively-bigger-guns action flick. It's a smart, funny, suspenseful, sometimes even scary, and even touching cinematic masterpiece. The story flows nicely and the characters are very human. The one actress who is always overlooked (especially in the credits), Vivica A. Fox, gives the performance of a lifetime as a brave single mother who works at a strip bar and tries to save as many people as she can when the aliens attack.
B000002H97|3.0|I consider myself an open-minded music fan, so therefore, I am not afraid to say when albums and songs stink - even when they are done by some of my favorite artists. With that said, Metallica is one of my favorite bands. In my opinion, they have great songs, not great albums. On this album I like tracks #1, 2, 4, 5, 6, and 8. As for the rest of the songs, if you skip them you won't be missing much.
0679879269|3.0|I have nothing but praise for Philip Pullman's style and skill as a storyteller. However, I feel a warning is in order, in view of the fact that the book has been classed as juvenile fiction. I believe that there are some potential buyers of this book who would want to know that--despite the vital role played by angels in the story line--&quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; reveals that the universe Mr. Pullman has created in this trilogy is most definitely *not* the kind of universe envisioned by other noted fantasy authors to whom his work has been compared (Madeleine L'Engle, JRR Tolkein and CS Lewis, to name three). To say more would reveal too much of the plot. However, I strongly recommend that parents of young people who are reading this book also read it themselves and then discuss it--and the feelings that its premise may evoke--with their children. I would not give this book to anyone under the age of 14.
B000002H2H|4.0|This is the first Metallica album I reach for when I'm in the mood for some of their hard rocking jams. It's hard to believe this album, as old as it is, still rocks harder and faster than a lot of other music on the market today. I faithfully play tracks #1, 2, 3, and 7 as loud as I can, and I usually skip the rest. \\"For Whom The Bell Tolls\\" has got to be one of the best hard rock songs of all time. This album is a must for Metallica fans.
B00003CXDG|3.0|If this film proves one thing, it's that John Woo is the master of the cameras as far as action is concerned.However, it also shows that he is totally inept at directing scenes that contain no action.In fact, my grandmother could direct those scenes better.If you can forgive him for this you will be treated to some of the most gloriously choreographed and amazing set pieces ever seen on film.Also see how many Tekken moves you can spot from the cruiser.In the end the first MI was better because it was truer to the series, this could have been called Toms Grand Day Out for all I cared.Roll on MI3.
B000002H33|3.0|I'm not sure why this album is so coveted by Metallica fans, since I only really like 3 songs on the disc. As I've said before, it's my opinion that Metallica has great songs but terrible albums. True to form, this album, in my view, only delivers a handful of good jams. Tracks #1, 2, and 4 are the best and hardest rockers on the album. The rest of the album is for diehard Metallica fans.
B00004TH83|5.0|Truly one of the best CDs I have ever owned! A friend introduced me to the song &quot;I am who I am&quot;, and I was hooked. Lara's powerful, emotive voice along with poetic lyrics (&quot;Yeliel&quot; is just incredible) create an iresistable combination!
B000002HRE|1.0|I like Metallica. As I've said before I consider myself an open-minded music fan, so therefore I am not afraid to say when albums and songs stink - even when they are done by artists I like. In my opinion Metallica makes great songs but so-so albums. With that said, after you listen to \\"Fuel\\" on this album, take the disc out of your CD player and reach for something else. The rest of the album is awful.
6300214540|5.0|Buy it for the dialogue. Buy it for the blonde chick. Or better yet, get somebody else to buy it for you. <br />Who cares what film professors or Ebert says, this is the best movie of all time. More specifically, the best American movie ever made. And probably too specifically for you, my favorite movie. Have you ever seen a Russian subtitled film, and wondered as the jokes went over your head or seemed culturally irrelevant? One can imagine all other cultures saying this about the translations of Top Gun. <br />It's just a democracy-lovin, flag-wavin, American type of movie. What's better than that?
0694003611|5.0|I had never seen this book before I bought it about a year ago, my 2 yr old loves it. No matter how many other books we read, Goodnight Moon is always the last. He is even 'reading' it to me now.
B00000I8UE|5.0|I like Cassandra Wilson. She has a clear vision of her style of Jazz Music which is always nice to listen too.  This CD recording of her doing Miles Davis's most popular songs is different and in my opinion sexy.  From &quot;Time After Time&quot; to &quot;Run The Voodoo Down&quot; and &quot;Piper&quot; Wilson's voice blends well with the fusion of Davis's songs (which is not an easy task to accomplish). I enjoy this CD of Cassandra Wilson, and because Miles Davis is one of my favorite Jazz Artists, I give it 5 stars.
B00004SCX6|5.0|BRITNEY SPEARS IS THE BEST FEMALE SINGER OUT THERE TODAY! SORRY CHRISTINA, BUT EVERYONE KNOWS IT! THIS BABE HAS GOT IT GOING ON! SHE HAS THE BODY. SHE HAS THE TALENT. AND BABY,SHE HAS THE LOOKS! THIS BABE IS #1! SO ALL YOU GUYS OUT THERE THAT THINK THAT SHE SUCKS, CAN JUST...
0679879269|4.0|Pullman has done it again with his new novel &quot;The Amber Spyglass.&quot; Once more, he has written a work of true power and beauty, creating worlds that scream to made into a major motion picture. &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; is a story of revolution and of sacrifice that brings the story of Lyra and Will to its logical, and heartrending, conclusion. It focuses primarily on the story of Dust and on Lyra and Will and, while there is a beautifully described epic battle scene and struggle, leaves the story of Lord Asriel's war against the Church and the Authority dangling at the end. Also, the character of Mrs. Coulter, probably my favorite storybook villian, undergoes a slightly unbelieveable change of heart that makes her final role in the story (I won't tell!!) a little bit weak and confused. However, the overall story is marvelous and is sure to become a modern classic, enjoyed by future generations of both children and adults. &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; could not ask for a better conclusion.
0790737973|2.0|After watching this, I was scratching my head as to why they would blow so much money on the amazing special effects, with such a lame script.  I think the actors did OK with what they had to work with, but sometimes the stuff they said or did just didn't make any sense!  The movie starts off promisingly, with an interesting premise (scientists discover a mysterious futuristic craft on the bottom of the ocean, and slowly unravel where it came from), but pretty soon loses it and becomes annoying.  Worth renting only if you're into seeing the cool underwater visuals.<br />A better underwater movie (but older so with less advanced effects):  The Abyss.
0679879269|5.0|This series of books is about free will, the relationship between man and nature, the oppressive nature of dogmatic ideology, and the ambiguous effects of scientific knowledge.  It is also a superbly written and at times poetic fantasy novel.  Written for older children, this series can be read by all ages and in terms of themes, is really an adult work.  Admirers of Pullman's ability to create imaginative landscapes and characters will not be disappointed.  In one crucial respect, the construction of this book differs from its predecessors.  rather than concentrating on a single character to carry along the narrative, The Amber Compass has overlapping plotlines which Pullman handles quite competently.  It is also a thicker and more complex book than its predecessors.  The ending is satisfying, thought provoking, and complex.  It is claimed that Tolkien's aim in The Lord of the Rings was to produce an articulated mythology for the English speaking world.  In many respects, Pullman's work accomplishes that end more effectively than Tolkien in this richly detailed work of art.  Where Tolkien aimed to produce a Romantic view of the past, Pullman has developed a mythology for our age.
B0000024JN|5.0|3 Jews from NYC rapping! It works very well. Cosmic bass and inventive rhymes fill this fun and whitty album. This album shows that rap is not restricted because of race. &quot;Girls&quot; and Fight for your Right&quot; are a big laugh and more rock than rap. &quot;Paul Revere&quot; is my favorite track on this CD!  The bass on Paul Revere is so wild. How do they do it? &quot;Brass Monkey&quot; is a blast too. They Beastie Boys are in a category all by themselves and I applaude them for their genius. Dare to explore your wild side, pick up this CD!!!
B00004YRQA|5.0|The new memory card is very good.It has 8 mb [mega bytes] but the old one old one had 1mb.If you are going to buy ps2 you dont have to buy a new 8mb memory card because it comes with it.
B000001FTD|5.0|Anthrax, Slayer and Metallica.  The kings of metal in the 80s.  Each had their own style.  Slayer was faster but more &quot;dark&quot;. Metallica was fast but had more melodic songs.  Anthrax is also fast but very different.  I think musically they are a great band.  The only thing that bothers me is the vocals, they just don't have the right sound for a metal band.  Otherwise this is a great CD, i reccomend it to anyone that enjoys thrash metal
B00001NFCY|5.0|I'd never heard of this band before listening to the song Higher on the radio, and that was all I needed. Forget all that 'macho crap' about technical string playing and how this music is nothing but a copy of the old stuff. Most of eveything in music is a copy of something done back in yesteryear. The band rocks, and the songs are powerful and sweet enough to turn even a mainly r/b listener like myself to a fan of rock music!
B0000057C5|5.0|Rammstein is as heavy as it gets.  The only problem i have is that their beats are repetative, its the same thing over and over, also their dumer hardly does anything.  But even with that Rammstein is still a powerful band.  The fact that everything is in german just makes them seem better.  I reccomend this to anyone who likes HEAVY Metal.
0811826848|5.0|Hundreds of books have been written about The Beatles, but it is crushingly obvious when reading this Anthology volume that by far the best one would naturally come from the bandmembers themselves.  [The price] seems like an incredible bargain considering the size and quality of this work, which covers the years 1940 (the birth of Ringo and John) to the breakup in 1970.  At 368 coffee-table sized pages it's already huge, but the small print makes it almost double that size.  <br />The book would be worth it just for the photos alone, which are beautifully reprinted--many from the early years are actually in color--chronicling dozens of previously unpublished, intimate moments taken straight from the group's personal archives.  But what really makes this one essential is the text itself, which is taken from interviews conducted with Paul, George and Ringo in the 90s and an exhaustive compilation of Lennon quotes from all points in his life (I recognized many, but there were also some I've never seen before). Even after the dozens upon dozens of biographies which have recounted the group's earth-shattering tale ad nauseum, you feel like you're reading it for the first time.  All four bandmembers speak with a thousand times more wit, frankness and detail than all of their previous biographers combined; in fact, they manage to offer up juicier tales, and more interesting spins on already known events, than anything you've read before even in the most gossipy bios--and you get it this time knowing that it's honest (you know it's honest when you hear conflicting memories about certain events!). <br />&quot;Anthology&quot; is especially revealing when it comes to the childhoods and Hamburg era: you get to hear about the first time George got laid (right in front of the other three bandmembers!), or when Ringo was a member of the Dingle gang, or what they did at teenage parties.  The detail is so thorough and vividly recalled for the early years (and butressed by the photos) that you feel like you're living it as it actually happened.  No stone is left unturned about the famous years, either: George and Ringo philosophize about their first LSD trips and the meaning of &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, the Maharishi controversy is finally put to rest (hint: he never made a pass at anybody), and new insight is shed on the evolution of the friendships between John and the other three.  More is made about the breakup than was on the &quot;Anthology&quot; videos, including Yoko's presence and the business hassles, as well as the making of &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.  Finally, all of this is told with such an elegant sense of Beatle humor that even the heaviest moments are a joy to read.  Also included are excerpts from Stu Sutcliffe and Brian Epstein's personal diaries.  With this volume now finally released, the only other essential Beatle books to get are Lewishon's &quot;Beatles Chronicle&quot; and Miles' &quot;The Beatles: A Diary&quot;, both of which give exact reference dates and descriptions for every live show, radio, recording and filming session (as well as more great photos).
B00000K19E|5.0|It's a very good movie.  It gets better with repeats.  You notice more details the second time.<br />It's about this guy whose the Chosen One.  He will be the one to free the humans from the evil robots.  He didn't just get his special powers; he had to work for it.  You know how you always want main characters to have special powers and be really special?  Well, you get your wish here.  I love the end.  He destroy the bad guys and they were so surprise.  I'm not going to tell you how he did it.  You're just going to have to watch it.   It was sad that a few of the good guys died, but the really important characters did not so don't worry.  I think the movie had quite a bit of action so action fans should be please.<br />Hope this review helped you.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is the best album that pearl jam has done. It has great songs like once, why go, black and release. I have had the album for about 7 years now and I still have not gotten tired of listening to it. It still sound brand new after all these years. If you are considering getting any pearl jam album, this should be the one. Their later albums except for vs. sound almost like a different band wrote the songs.
B00003CXDV|4.0|It isn't like hilarious funny, but it is pretty amusing.<br />It's about a bunch of actors that do a space show whose broadcast is picked up in outer space.  The aliens thought it was non-frictional and came to Tim Allen for help.  He got the whole casting crew to help and they went into outer space.  There's lots of neat things that happened.  One of the funny things is that the space ship is modeled exactly after the one in the show.  You'll know how that is funny when you watch the movie.  That's all I saying.  Watch it for yourself.
B00003CXFU|4.0|Julia Roberts does a knock out performance in this movie as real life Erin Brokovich. She looks and acts stunning and this is a definate feel good movie. Check it out!
0425170349|1.0|I used to love Clancy but the man has become seriously addled and now only puts out formulaic trash. This book had a huge flaw than unbelievably got past all of the editors. Without giving too much away, the bad guys decide to release a deadly biological agent during the Summer Olympics in Sydney by releasing it in a special cooling system designed for the very hot weather in September. How could that moron not know that September is WINTER in Austrailia? It's COLD then. Super-brains that want to take over the world usually don't miss details like that. To slog through hundreds of pages to come to that glaring error was irritating to say the least. Clancy should retire before he embarrases himself any further.
B00004SWBD|5.0|Most people think that Slipknot is a insane group, which they are write in a way, their live concerts are.  I have not heard the edited CD but the other verison is one of the best.  I would buy this CD if your parents do not let you purches the uncut CD.  But there is one song that is on the edited CD yet it is not placed on the uncut CD, but it replaced a song as well.  Any way there are 15 great songs on this CD and a secret song as well to add a little more to their first CD under a recording contract.  I would buy this CD right away, I already have mine, you should buy it NOW.
0944379052|3.0|True the book was writen by Hitler, but it does have alot of true refrences to the politics of Austria and Germany in the 1920's.  Remember Hitler came from a family that constantly moved and was controlled by an abusive father, Alois, Hitler would have became an artist if not for his father who forced him toward his path to power. The book does have doragatory references to the jewish race and is quite racist, but to learn of the turmoil of that period it is an exellent book to read
B000023VR6|5.0|You can see the changes time has made to Dre on this album; there is considerable influence by Eminem (though Dre's influences are always well hidden), and he has grown both as a musician and a lyricist.  But although this record is &quot;better&quot; than the Chronic, it is not nearly as revolutionary or groundbreaking.  It has a tone of the timeless party, and runs through all ranges of emotion, from fear and anger to bliss, and sadness.  The Chronic is a record of a certain point in time, but 2001, while not really futuristic, is separated from time and place, neither west nor east, not '92, '99, or '01.  One even gets the feeling that Tupac has had his own influence on Dre.  The song &quot;The Message&quot; is a lament to Dre's late brother, and &quot;The Watcher&quot; is Dre saying his piece about how his life has changed as a gangsta king.  One sees the mind of a gangsta on this record, rather than the actions and words. All in all, as I said before, this album is better, but doesn't have as much influence (at least not yet) as the Chronic had...  It is a true hip-hop essential.
B00004XONN|4.0|Well I've listened to this album several times now.  After the first listen I thought it was interesting and maybe a bit annoying.  I kept waiting for a song to jump out and grab me such as something that a band would release as a single.  While this didn't happen I've begun to realize that this album needs to be taken as a whole.  Resist the urge to skip tracks.  Instead let it play straight through and be patient.  I think many people would agree with me that some of the best albums out there didn't immeadiately get their attention.  <br />   I've noticed some pretty whiney reviews on here from some people.  If you want another clone of what's already out there then feel free to go buy another Creed album.  A Radiohead CD has no place in a Top 40/Pop junkies collection anyway.  If you decide to buy this CD then be ready for some truly innovative music.
0679879269|4.0|This book was almost as good as The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife, but I was disappointed by a number of things.  For one thing, the villain, Mrs. Coulter, who practically gave me nightmares in the first two books, didn't seem villainous in the least!  And Pantalaimon and Lyra didn't really seem at all close after they had been seperated.  I had enjoyed reading about how they were connected to each other. And most of all, I hated the ending.  It made it seem as though nothing had happened at all, plus it was so sad for both Lyra and Will.    But this is still a very good book.  It had a good plot with twists and turns that put me on the edge of my seat with suspense.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I love this c.d!!!  It was worth buying it.  Every song is excellent.  I listen to it all the time.  Belive me, if you like rap, or anything, this is the c.d to get!!!!
B00003CXFU|4.0|Julia gives a 5 star performance as earthy Erin Brockovich, a woman committed to improving her life and those of her local community against the corruption of big business. It's a familiar theme but well handled by director Steven Soderberg, underplaying the obvious self- consciousness of  Julia's transition from  glamour queen to dramatic actress.
B000002VCU|5.0|This is just a superior collection of music. This is one of those few that sticks to a theme or storyline that is great all the way through. When I am driving (especially at night) I just love to listen to this. If you are new to APP this is a great one or try the definitive collection. But be sure to get this one sooner or later and you will probably have to get all of the original albums.<br />Oh yeah...the instrumental &quot;The Gold Bug&quot; is really great as it seems to be an intro to the five tune finale. I just can't say enough to how great this recording is.
B00004UEDQ|2.0|The biggest accomplishment was being able to skirt the real issues of drug dependence in a film about drug dependence.  Just think, that in 28 days you too can become a happy, well adjusted, strong, and clean person!  Some of us know better.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I initially bought this album simply because of &quot;Here With Me&quot;, the theme from Roswell, but the rest of the songs are just as amazing. This is a great CD to relax to or sing along with, and the music gives me goosebumps combined with the lyrics.<br />She has a very distinctive voice and style, and I hope she brings us more with a second album!
B00000BKDW|5.0|A must buy for any rock fan.  Every song is a masterpiece that still sounds modern 16 years later.
B00004YA66|5.0|This movie is absolutely wonderful.  Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel (the first movie I've seen him in - he was great) and the rest of the cast were excellent and the plot was very good as well.  The changes between the past and the present were very well done, and I was never confused as to what time period it was.  The plot twists and the sudden surprises kept me on the edge of my seat.  I had some friends with me when I went to see it, and one of my friends was actually shouting out to the characters on the screen!  I definitely recommend this movie.
B00000BKDW|5.0|A must buy for any rock fan.  Every song is a masterpiece that still sounds modern 16 years later.
B00000JCB2|1.0|If I'm not mistaken, Limp Bizkit has to be one of the Four Horsemen, contributing to what will amount to the death of tasteful music.  Can anyone not see the insipid lyrics, no just on this album, but their entire repetoire to date...and the lack of musical talent displayed by Durst, et al?  <br />If you need a song you can remember, then try Adam Sandler's &quot;Somebody Kill Me...&quot; from &quot;The Wedding Singer&quot; because it pretty much sums up the music industry today and is great for a laugh.  <br />&quot;Fight this sickness...find a cure.&quot;  Or rather, The Cure...they've never proved me wrong yet, as they were the first band I listened to as a child!  <br />A gold star to those followers of Limp Bizkit who even know what song I just quoted in the above paragraph.  HINT: It's from The Cure...
B000001EXR|3.0|Decent music overall, but not what I'd expect from KISS.  If you're a true-blue fan, buy it.  If not, save your hard-earned money.
B000001ES4|5.0|My boss directed me to this CD, saying that he was very moved by it.  I, too, was quite touched by the music.
B00000BKDW|5.0|A must buy for any rock fan.  Every song is a masterpiece that still sounds modern 16 years later.
B000002IZM|5.0|If you were able to see Bladerunner when it was initially released, like me, this CD is a basic of your music collection. No matter what your mood, you will find something on this CD to fit.    Lock your doors, turn the stereo up, and lose yourself in the music. Driving, reading, or relaxing; this is the CD to transport your mind to another time...another place.     If you're not a Bladerunner fan, this Vangelis compilation will still match your mood and dig deep into your soul.    Buy it, Buy it, Buy it...if you truly are a Bladerunner fan, like I am.
B000001ELR|5.0|Anyone looking for classic KISS at their heaviest and best need look no further.  Buy this CD!
6305892806|1.0|I was appalled by this rendition of Jane Austen's Mansfield Park. It should have been named something else with different character names, as it has scarcely anything else in common with the Austen novel beyond these.
B000001ELL|3.0|A decent effort overall, but KISS let disco influence them too much on this one.  Buy it if you're a fan; otherwise avoid it.
0385424736|5.0|&quot;The Firm&quot; still remains John Grisham's best novel, but &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; is his funniest.  I have never read a book that better managed to hit my funny bone straight on without tipping over the edge into farce (i.e., John Irving).  This time around Grisham's hero is Rudy Baylor, in his final semester of law school and required by one of his professors to provide free legal advice at a Senior Citizens home.  There he meets Miss Birdie, an old lady who apparently has millions of dollars salted away and who definitely needs a new will, and Dot Black, who's son Donny Ray is dying of leukemia while their insurance company refuses to pay for medical treatment.  In the legal world a &quot;rainmaker&quot; is someone who brings in big clients (i.e., big money) to a law firm.  When Rudy's future job suddenly disappears in the wake of a surprise merger, these cases might be his ticket to a promising legal career.<br />The villains are lawyers from a giant firm and a heartless insurance company, which is certainly stacking the deck but part of the fun.  As with &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; there is a bit of misdirection at the beginning in terms of getting a read on the main character.  Rudy is broke and has some shady friends in the legal profession, but the bottom line is he is a good guy and he will do the right thing.  Even if it means playing David against Goliath in a stacked courtroom where the presiding judge is best buds with the great Leo F. Drummond of the giant law firm Trent &amp; Brent, representing the Great Benefits Insurance Company.  But then Rudy gets a break.  The presiding judge suddenly drops dead and his replacement, Judge Kipler, is a plaintiff's dream.  Better yet, Rudy has the truth on his side.<br />The joy of this book is watching Rudy beat the bad guys.  Every single lawyer's trick used by Drummond fails with Judge Kipler.  Every dirty trick by the insurance company is exposed by Rudy, who comes up with some little twists of his own.  Sure, all the rabbits getting pulled out of the hat is a bit excessive, but that is what makes this such a fun read.  At the heart of this book is the quest for justice, but that does not mean we can not enjoy a little payback along the way.  The romantic subplot between Rudy and Kelly comes across as something of a diversion from the main story, but at the end it gives the hero someone with whom he can ride off into the sunset.  &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; is one of those books where you pick it up from time to time to read the good parts.  If you saw the movie and enjoyed Rudy sticking it to the bad guys, then you should enjoy much more of the same in this novel.own.  Sure, all the rabbits getting pulled out of the hat is a bit excessive, but that is what makes this such a fun read.  At the heart of this book is the quest for justice, but that does not mean we can not enjoy a little payback along the way.  The romantic subplot between Rudy and Kelly comes across as something of a diversion from the main story, but at the end it gives the hero someone with whom he can ride off into the sunset.  &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; is one of those books where you pick it up from time to time to read the good parts.  If you saw the movie and enjoyed Rudy sticking it to the bad guys, then you should enjoy much more of the same in this novel.
B00000AF95|2.0|The only really good song is &quot;Thrills in the Night&quot;.  Avoid this one.
B000002H6C|5.0|From the starting of Blackened through Dyers Eve, this was the last great Metallica release.  This release is raw, energy driven and uncompromising.  As with there three albums with Cliff, there isn't a bad song among them.  My personal favorites are Blackened (total energy), Harvester of Sorrow (What balls it took to write a song about baby killing), and Frayed Ends Of Sanity.  This album came out in 1988, a year in which rock giants such as Van Halen, Scorpions, and Judas Priest released the worst albums of their career.  This is true Metallica.  Nothing but down and dirty metal.  After this release, Metallica lost it's edge and became Metallica 1991 LTD.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|For anyone looking for the revival of heavy metal, this is where it starts.  Not a filler song on the whole CD.  Buy this one.
0679879269|4.0|I, also, anxiously awaited this book's publication, and stayed up all night to finish it.  Although I enjoyed reading it, it didn't have the tight and seamless plotting that I enjoyed in the first two books.  There were scenes that seemed too lengthy or even unnecessary.  This was especially true of the epic laborious journeys that characters kept making to reach each other, purportedly to share crucial information; they usually had little new to tell.  The ending, also, seemed to drag on too long; while I must admit I hated for it to end, it would have been more powerful with tighter editing.  Despite these complaints, I found the writing beautiful, the plot moving, and the ending ultimately satisfying.  Not as good as the first, but a worthy conclusion.  (P.S. By the way, British writers *can't* win the Newbery.)
B000001ELR|5.0|Anyone looking for classic KISS at their heaviest and best need look no further.  Buy this CD!
B00004T9UF|5.0|hey! opk heres the deal, i luv eminem! he's like my life! he's so hott! and this cd is perfect fro when my life sux! i can relate to stuff! ya know? alright well anyway, i think u should buy this cd, cause even though the language i ti is horrific, the songs have morals under them( maybe not kim #18) sorta. well, i hafta actually go now, so check out my reviews for britney spears, nsync, and harry potter #4! ttyl!
B000001ELP|1.0|I guess if you like not-so-good attemps at rock opera, buy it.  IF not, avoid at all costs!
B00004SCX6|5.0|hey peepz! ok i'm like a kinda sterotypical 13 year old girl, so if you don't really care what i think then don't read this! ~~~~ alrighty then i'm glad you decided to read this, this cd rules. i'm not just sayign this cause i'm a britney fan, but if ur undecided about buying this cd, hen do it1 especially if you liek cds that you can really dance to! i luv yo put this on in my room, and just boogie down to it for an hour or so when ever i've had a bad day! well, u should buy this cd, cause if ya don't, you'll be sry!  ps i think brit looks better w/ her hair short, don't you?
B000001EKX|3.0|A decent KISS CD but only about half the songs are good.  &quot;All the Way&quot; is absolutely horrible.  Only recommended if you're a true-blue KISS fan.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Only PJ could have taken a risk in experimenting with their. They were successful in that. This album is acoustic one containing hits like - 'Off he goes', 'Sometimes', 'Shake my tree' plus energy tracks like 'Red Mosquito', 'Hail Hail'. 'Red Mosquito' appears to be an interesting track. A masterpiece in PJ collection. It is a well crafted album.
B00000BKDY|4.0|Not quite up to the standards of Powerslave and Piece of Mind, but it still blows away anything put out today.  Get this one.
B00003CXE6|5.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; is the best film for 2000.  Expect it garnish a slew of awards next March at the Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best Special Effects, Best Music, Best Sound and Best Cinematography.  It contains many Shakespearean elements like betrayal, tragedy, love, and revenge.  Look for it on Oscar night.  It contains some of the best epic fight scenes in cinematic history.  It is a throwback to the classic &quot;sword and sandal&quot; epics of the 1950's and 60's.  Well done, Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe!
B000001ELF|4.0|If only KISS had stayed in this direction, they would have been much better off.  Too bad Ace Frehley didn't have the influcece to do so.  A good buy.
B00004T20I|5.0|When Classic Records releases a new title on vinyl, it's always special. But when that title is the mono version of Jim Hendrix's classic Axis Bold as Love, it's an event. Original mono pressings of this album (if you can find them) go for as much as $2000. Several of the songs are noticeably different than the stereo versions most of us know and love. In general, the 180g vinyl pressing has considerably more bass than its CD counterpart, although the sound on the CD is clearer in several places. The album was mastered from the original mono masters by Eddie Kramer--the original engineer on the sessions. Let's talk about the specifics...<br />\\"EXP\\" is almost 40 seconds shorter on the vinyl, and the vocals by `Paul Caruso' are louder. The difference on the stereo version is extended feedback at the end. \\"Spanish Castle Magic\\" and \\"Wait Until Tomorrow\\" boast a much better low end than the CD. On the latter tune, the first note is too loud on CD. The volume is corrected on the LP, but the song fades up to full volume, as opposed to maintaining a consistent level throughout the track. One of the other problems with the CD is audible tape hiss. The false ending on \\"Ain't No Telling\\" is louder on the CD. The vinyl is much warmer on \\"Little Wing\\" and the end solo is more up front. <br />\\"If 6 Was 9\\" doesn't have near as much high end as the CD, and the bass is slightly muddy. Although the song's highs are much brighter on the CD, it also has considerable tape hiss that isn't heard on the vinyl. \\"You Got Me Floatin'\\" is missing the intro on the LP. \\"Castles Made of Sand\\" has a cleaner intro on the CD; the vinyl is slightly muddy in comparison, but features a different vocal performance. \\"One Rainy Wish\\" has much more bass on LP and a slightly different ending. The title track, \\"Bold as Love\\" is the one instance where the CD is superior. Without the channel panning, the song is clearly missing something. <br />The burning question here is: which one sounds better? It reallydepends on your personal preferences. The analog aficionados will no doubt pick the vinyl. It's much warmer than the CD and the bass will literally shake the room. Digi-fans will be more than happy with the sound on the CD (even if they need to crank up the bass a bit), and the booklet is excellent. It's a shame that it's not included in the vinyl pressing. On a positive note, the vinyl is on the Track label, plus when you consider that the mono version has been out of print ever since the original pressing hit the stores, this is the perfect addition for the Hendrix collectors out there. The choice is yours.
B00003CWTI|1.0|In my history of being an avid filmgoer, no film maker has been more offensive, pretentious, and without a point than P.T. Anderson. The intro to this film was so worthless, but sadly, seemed the film's greatest attempt at being clever - and it goes downhill from there. Lack of editing seems evident throughout all of his films, but this one offends like no other. The idea of great actors + no script = art house success is a crime to the idea of cinema. This summer held too much evidence that the end of cinema is near, this movie is the swan song of the decline. I wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy. Well, maybe... Depends on how much I disliked them. Avoid like herpes. But then again, my favorite directors are S.Kubrick and W.Allen - and I didn't get the joke in Boogie Nights. Or was the boredom and depression I suffered intentional?
B00004XONN|5.0|Underground music for the new millenium. Tangerine Dream, King Crimson, Ashra Temple and Early Pink Floyd would be proud. Back to magic mushrooms ?
0316777722|5.0|My mom bought this book for me, and after I told her it was one of the funniest things I've ever read, she decided she'd better read it, too.  I'm writing this because, while she was reading the chapter on Easter, I could hear strange hiccuping giggles comming from her room, and I decided I'd better investigate.  I looked in, and my mom was beet-red from laughing too hard and mopping at her eyes with tissues.  Apparently, she laughed so hard that her eye cream melted into her eyes, and although it hurt, she just couldn't stop laughing.  Eventually, my whole family came in and just gathered around watching her laugh herself stupid.  <br />So yes, it's very very funny, but make sure you have an open mind towards drugs and sexuality before you read it.  He never comes right out and says that he's gay or anything like that, but if you're gonna have a problem with gay relationships, don't buy this book.  Because then you'd come onto Amazon and give it a bad review, and none of us want that for this extremely funny and well written book.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|I don't want to go into detail.  Just see the movie (if you can stomach it) and buy the score, now!  Even if you don't see the film the score is worth listening to.  I just bought it a few hours ago and it's been repeating on my stereo ever since.
B00000BKDS|5.0|Definitely one of those CDs that started a whole new musical trend.  Although singer Paul DiAnno is not for everybody, these songs are still classics today.  Buy this one.
B000000JO3|2.0|First off, I don't want to say Minor Threat sucks, I just don't hear any passion in their music. Alot of the songs sound the same, and the sound quality is horrible, but not in that cool Black Flag way. I understand that they are the creators of hardcore, but how did they get that title and not a band where you can actually hear the Hardcore sound (such as Black Flag, Bad Brains). I guess if you listen to music solely for the song writing, you will like Minor Threat, but if your looking for melody and musicianship, this album is a waste. Stick to Hardcore bands like Ensign, Snapcase, and Shutdown.
0767836286|4.0|Arlington Road is a tense, taunt suspense thriller that relies on subtlety to deliver it's messages and is all the more effective for it.  Mark Pellington had taken a big step in the right direction with this one as he pits Jeff Bridges and Tim Robbins against eachother as neighbors suspicious to the other's behavior.  For those of you who haven't seen the trailer - don't.  It gives away too much of the plot and seems intent on letting us know right away who the 'bad neighbor' is.  Bridges is an eccentric father, scared by the loss of his FBI agent wife, teaching a course on militant terrorist groups.  And since his wife's passing he's grown increasingly obsessed so when he begins to suspect his neighbors aren't who they seem, he's met with skepisism from his new girlfriend and FBI buddy Whitt.  Filling the roles of the all-too-perfect family are Tim Robbins and Joan Cusack, who plays her role to melvolent perfection.  But are they terrorist?  After all, Bridges is the one with the motive, he blames the feds for his wife's death.  He's the one teaching these courses, he's the one growing increasingly more paranoid and the answers aren't revealed to the very end (which offers last years best twist ending in my opinion).  This movie is fabulous to look at, the photography catpures every nuance of these great actors faces which convey so much expression and unlying thoughtfulness.  The commentary track by Bridges and Pellington offers some of the best give and take moments in the short history of DVD.  For people engaged by a tightly wound, smartly written (by Ehren Krruger who also penned Reindeer Games) thriller - this one's for you.
B00004XONN|5.0|Underground music for the new millenium. Tangerine Dream, King Crimson, Ashra Temple and Early Pink Floyd would be proud. Back to magic mushrooms ?
B000001Y5J|5.0|I've always liked Trent's music, and it is more angst than the debut &quot;Pretty Hate Machine&quot; although suck's sorta a dance track.:)   If you like rock you will love this CD, but i sometimes feel like giving it 4 stars since it's not long enough. I really like all of the music made by Trent Reznor and he has unique rock sounds.  I also reccomend this to fans of Nirvana, Tool, and Rammstein. <br />This is a must have for a rock collection, and i think that the tracks could even out with &quot;The Fragile&quot; and &quot;Pretty Hate Machine.&quot;
0375501851|5.0|How did one so young, get so wise?  This is a constant thought while reading White Teeth. This is a phenomenal novel.  The character development is superb. No easy task when your characters are as quirky, complex and entertaining as Archie and the gang.  Everyone knows these characters but few have ever written about them.  Zadie Smith covers so much ground with this novel, she deals with loyalty, religion, war, identity and obsession all in a very different and entertaining story.  This book is nothing you expect(except a great read), but everything you want in a novel.
B00000AFDW|2.0|A rather uneven CD, with only a few good songs such as &quot;Psycho Circus&quot;, &quot;Within&quot;, and &quot;Dreamin'&quot;.  If you're a true-blue KISS fan, then buy it.  If you're not, save your hard-earned money.
6305089957|5.0|Scream was the coolest non-creature-feature movie I have ever seen.  And Scream 2 holds its own with the original!  Most people who reviewed this movie on Amazon.com liked it alot.  But if you look at the reviews for the Scream 2 soundtrack, most say that the movie itself sucked.  No offense to them or anything but they are the kind of people who watch Teletubbies and listen to Disney scores.  Scream 2 is definetly what a sequel should be!
0385484518|4.0|I read this book when it first came out &amp; was very touched by the story and the strength shown by Morrie.  If we could all have the capacity for life that Morrie has, we would be very lucky.
B00003CXDG|5.0|this movie is really awesome!  i really don't care about what other people say cause this movie was really good. I thought it had really good elements. although any MI sequel could never beat the first one, this one came in for a close second. i really dont give a care about wat these stupid film critics say cause they're prob paid to say things about movie in which the people that pay them dont like or dont like the actor starring in it. so screw the critics and the people that thought this movie sucked cuz guess what IT DIDN&quot;T SUCK!
B000002HIK|5.0|&quot;Ventolin&quot; is one of the best pieces of music ever composed, even with and particularly because of the annoyance factor.  Give this a try:  get yourself into some bad traffic in your hand-me-down '86 oldsmobile with the stock Delco stereo.  When you find yourself fondling the pin on the grenade dangling round your neck, fish this tape out of the plastic bag in the back seat and cue up this track...loud.  Voila!  Distraction therapy for you and your passengers.  It can't be ignored. Or, are you a clerk at a convenience store?  Graveyard shift while your manager is asleep?  Friday and saturday nights when the party &quot;people&quot; stumble in for last call, don't you want them to disappear so you can continue to peruse the pornography?  Well no other track clears a room faster than this one.<br />As for the rest of the album, aside from &quot;Selected Ambient Works vol I and II,&quot;  it is his best.  It exudes elements of rapturous emotion woven into what could heve easisly been a very sterile collection of tracks.  He challenges himself with simplicity and sparcity.  I imagine when he writes his melodies it is a deliberate working and reworking of the notes with his own standards of perfection in mind.  It is not easy to be so concise as are the feelings these melodies are meant to impart; and I'm only so confident in my understanding of the goals of these songs because of their so deliberate production.  I do love most of Aphex Twin's later albums, but the feel of their songs doesn't seem to come through as bravely and is maybe hiding at times behind those signature frenetic drum tracks.
B000001ELR|5.0|Anyone looking for classic KISS at their heaviest and best need look no further.  Buy this CD!
0425152251|2.0|sophies world is a decent book an nothing more than that i find that Jostein Gaarder was trying to hard to crame the History of Philosophy in to 523 pages. the book seemed like a text book and the only way i could get thru reading it was wanting to know what would happen to sophie who in my opinion was  one dimensional and had no depth  i frankly didn't care much about her Philosophy lessons and skimmed most of them take my advice dont read this book even if you are fasinated with philosphy a text book will do u much better than ths rubbish.
6305922756|5.0|This is what DVD is all about. What other release has cut footage that almost equals the original film release in length? To me it is like 3 movies in one: the original, the over an hour of unseen footage, and the hilarious audio commentry by Tufnel, St.Hubbins and Smalls. I almost fell over laughing...&quot;He's dead&quot;. If you like intelligent comedy and/or loved the film, buy this DVD now.
6303014100|3.0|I WATCHED THIS FILM AFTER SPENDING MANY YEARS STUDYING THE CONFLICT AND VISITING MANY BATTLEFIELD SITES BOTH IN THE EAST AND WESTERN THEATERS OF THE WAR. VERY FEW COUNTRIES HAVE PRESERVED THEIR HISTORY AS WELL  YOU PEOPLE OF THE USA HAVE. IT IS A PITY THAT THE FILM MAKER RESPONSIBLE DID NOT SPEND A LITTLE MORE TIME EXAMINING THAT HISTORY BEFORE PRODUCING WHAT WAS AT BEST ONLY A REASONABLE TV MOVIE.<br />BUT !!!- DESPITE THE FACT THAT THE BATTLE SCENES LOOKED VERY SANITISED, THE BEARDS ON THE CHARACTERS WERE APPALLING ( MY SONS RE-NAMED THE FILM &quot;GETTYSBEARD&quot;), THAT A.P. HILL WAS PORTRAYED AS A SAN FRANCISCO HIPPY , THAT NO ONE APPEARED TO BE INJURED BY DETONATING SHELLS AND THAT GENERAL LEE SOUNDED LIKE A DEEP SOUTH SHARE CROPPER, I WOULD NOT PART WITH MY COPY OF THE FILM AT ANY PRICE. <br />IT WAS NOT TOTALLY INACCURATE AND AT LEAST SOME ONE DID SOMETHING TO RECORD AN EPIC PIECE OF HISTORY. IT'S SUCH A PIY THAT THE FILM MAKERS HAD TO MAKE IT LOOK SO COMICAL IN PARTS.
B00000255X|5.0|Put this alblum on in your car and leave it there... the first three times you hear it it may sound a bit different, what with the violin and backing vocals... after about five times through it you'll start to get into it... after about twenty times around, when yopu know all the lyrics, and have heard the emotion and depth in this music you'll be completely hooked.  <br />Bob gives us a great tapestry of dreamlike reminisance for lost love, chance, and dusty long-passed youth.  he shows us he's not completely calloused by fame, or overrun by ego.  Theres sincerity here almost like in a memoir.  The alblum is full of rich, somewhat dark tones , like looking through the slide projector at life, or looking through the heat of the deep south... some songs are heavy, mournful and slow, others are urgent (the Hurricane), others methodic, like going for a walk.   listen for yourself and see where this alblum puts you...
B00004STPT|5.0|This is it, this is the highest point musical scores will ever reach.  All the movies that have ever been made have all tried to do what this score does. This recording smolders the movie to the music so well that it is beyond brilliance.  This score is the movie and the movie is the score.  That is what all the composers, sound editors, and directors want.  They want a orchestrated accopaniment that can stand on its own as a representation of the soul of their film.  Ladies and gentlemen reading this review, I can tell you that it has now successfully been acheived.  I have seen countless movies and have heard innumerable scores, however this motion picture and its soundtrack are the only true pieces of sheer art that have been created in my short life.<br />To: Mr. Ridley Scott- You are a directorial genius To: Hans Zimmer &amp; Lisa Gerrard- You are musical geniuses To: Russel Crowe- Job Well Done! You deserve an Oscar<br />God Bless movies that change the way you look at life as this one does.
0684800713|5.0|This was my first read of Hemingway.  It was not quite what I expected.  It was a damned good read, though.  Reading this book makes you almost feel like you are with Jake (the character who is the first person narrator of this book) boozing it up, and doing manly things.  <br />If you were given to harsh judgments, you might say that the characters of this book are rather shallow and without much in the way of moral character.  The Robert Cohn character might be the exception in this book.  Even though he is a bit pathetic, I found myself sympathizing with him.  <br />Without giving much more away, buy this book.  It really is fun.
6305508550|5.0|this movie is a must-see for anyone who works in an office. end of story.
0312853238|5.0|I love this book!!!  i am a very big science fiction and this is one of the best.  my favorite science fiction series is foundation but this is my second this book &quot;The speaker for the dead&quot; and &quot;Xenocide&quot;.
0140186409|5.0|It's hard to know how to begin talking about a novel with as many threads running through it as the The Grapes Of Wrath. For me, it's primarily the story of how capitalism, initially a benign force, became the ravenous &quot;monster&quot; that it is today. But to portray The Grapes Of Wrath as merely some sort of leftist tract is to betray its power, its depth. It's the kind of novel that you're constantly quoting to people as you read it, picking it up and saying, &quot;Hey, listen to this...&quot;.<br />It's simply one of the finest American novels I've ever read.
0783225784|4.0|Having no idea about the frantenity system, i can only hope as a brit that it bears some resembalance to this film, quality music, lots of booze and jokes a plenty, the only film to watch after a hard night out!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is it.  Do you want to be a part of a potentially dying breed?  Kid A is better than the White Album, better than Zooropa, better than Odelay, better than Imagine, better than OK Computer, better than all that I've heard. Period.                   ...anti-Capitalist...   NEVER have I been more instantly drawn in musically.  Take the cover art in hand while listening.  Kid A is new.            ...anti-Capitalist...  ...finally... Do you work?  Do you trade your life for money?  Yes.  Trade a bit of it for this album.  It's like investing in yourself, for a change. Make a test to take the time, forge a standard makeover.  Interest free, debt owed, newborn to the stake of filth.  Isn't it time?  Standing over pestilence, and against a track record, wouldn't it be nice?<br />Kid A is beautiful, refreshing, and worth a piece of your life if you enjoy music in this genre.
B000031WBV|5.0|This is a lovely recording by Rubenstein, played with great sensitivity and emotion, while never overindulging in the sentimental. Of course, I am biased. I am huge Chopin fan, and nobody has ever played it better than Rubinstein. I daresay few would disagree with me on that point. I like to listen to this CD at work - it has an instantly calming and uplifting effect - makes you forget the mundane - instead you are reminded of the sublime. Some say Bach was closest to God, I tend to disagree - <br />This is must-have for any classical music lover's collection. I am so inspired I am going to learn a few of these pieces myself.
6305311463|5.0|Stop giving this DVD a bad grade because you dislike the movie. If you want to give it 1 star, give the VHS the grade. The &quot;Criterion Collection&quot; edition of &quot;Armageddon&quot; deserves 5 stars for the in-depth coverage of the movie and the added scenes (director's cut), plus a commentary by director Michael Bay.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I watched this movie four times straight through on the flight from Singapore to San Fransisco and back (it's a 22-hours each way - you gotta do SOMETHING!). I bought a copy on VCD the minute I got off the plane, and I've been watching it off and on ever since. This one's definitely a keeper, folks, though it helps if you're a Star Trek fan with a sense of humour.     I wish I'd waited for the DVD to come out! Maybe I could smuggle it in without the wife noticing ...    Oh yeah, it's got Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver! What more do you need to know?    Timely update - please, please, buy the Blu-Ray. You know you should.
B000000FG8|5.0|This cd is most definatly the best punk cd ever made.  Its what punk IS really about it isnt like most of todays punk its got awesome lyrics and awesome music a definate must buy for everyone!  Its a shame they broke up after just one cd and an LP but luckily its all put on this one cd....you can get more of their music too on Napster or check out some Rancid which has 2 of the op ivy members.....
B00004XONN|4.0|It is hard to judge this album without a huge bias, especially if you are a big radiohead fan. i heard this album at playback and i'll admit, i didn't like it at first, so please don't judge this album on your first listen. I think now after listening to it for awhile that it definitely has some fantastic songs, but i don't think it is better than ok computer or the bends. Kid A is still a very good listen and definitely worth getting. Highlights: How to disappear completely, In Limbo, Morning Bell, Optimistic
B00004XONN|2.0|What happened?!?!?  Yes, things may change with the times, blah,blah,blah....if you were expecting anything like previous releases.  Sorry to say, you will be sadly disappointed!  We like Radiohead, cos, well, they are Radiohead, where are they in this??
B0000021RB|5.0|I first got into Chicago by listening to their 80's stuff. I think it is pretty good, but then I heard their albums from the 60's and 70's. I was blown away. The 80's hits don't even come close to being equals to songs like 25 or 6 to 4, or Beginnings. I just bought this album recently, having already heard most of the songs. I bleiev this is one of Chicagos greatest a;bums, if not the best. The two biggies, Does anybody really know what time it is, and Beginnings are undoubtedly two of their greatst songs. Listen, Question 67 and 68, and Poem 58 are all great examples of Terry Katgh's great skills at guitar. His only song Im not found of is free form guitar, which I find to be annoying with the high pitches and such. Also, I love Liberation, and I'm a man. I could go on about this album for hours, but Ill be content to say buy it.
0684833395|5.0|If there is one thing i can say about this novel, is it's surprisingly dark humor. Every page gave me a wicked grin. <br />I'll give a warning though: if you don't have a sense of humor... go read someone serious and leave this book to the eccentrics. But, if you have a warped sense of humor (such as myself) this book is just... wow.<br />The strength of the book is it's underlying theme of buracracy. If you are blind to the dogmatic society that we live in: there will be too much red-tape for you to truly understand the novel, and Heller's intentions. <br />My favorite &quot;thing&quot; of this novel is the cast of characters. In fact, i'll go out on a literary limb and say that Catch-22 has the greatest ensemble of characters then any other novel ever written (or that i read for that matter... which is alot). <br />The only obstacle i can think of (besides if you are a blind conformist) to reading this book is the structure of the plot. It's as if Heller had the novel all set and ready to go, accidently dropped the manuscript out out of a window and every chapter oddly stayed intack; but have fallen out of order and have no sense of time frame anymore. on top of this, heller was to lazy to put them back in order, and gave it to the publisher that way. I think he intended it to be a chaotic structure, much like the enviroment of being in war, where everyhthing seems to be flying at your face. But this really isn't too much of an obsticle. actually, it makes riddles out of the side-plots, and how they end up (or began for that matter).<br />I heard that Heller's other books pale in comparasion (and are downright bad for that matter, which is very unfortunate) but at least he got one classic out of his head for us. Thank you, truly.
B000001FI7|5.0|This is the only album that exists to me in this musical class. It stands out in this &quot;trip hop&quot; invasion. To me it is the only band that is worthy of shedding this moronic term, &quot;Trip Hop&quot; FORGET Poe. FORGET Tricky. Maybe even FORGET Morcheeba. This is the one, true innovation, backed by one, true voice and that is of Beth Gibbons. I can say that no other voice has ever touched me the way hers has. I have also never seen a type of &quot;underground&quot; music that fits into all forms of eclectic taste. I have met all types of intellectuals, children, punks, abusers, lovers, husbands, wives that hold Portishead very dear to their heart. &quot;Dummy&quot; is a great album to introduce you to Portishead and give you a proper feel for this musical style. You will find yourself craving more. BUT only crave for Portishead in this musical genre. Do not be led astray by imitators.
6304913176|3.0|Wherein the special effects wizardry take center stage in this &quot;big bug&quot; tale, that alone does not come close to matching the greatness of true sci-fi films like &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still,&quot; &quot;The War of the Worlds,&quot; &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey,&quot; or even &quot;Planet of the Apes.&quot;  I really feel that the film deserves a &quot;3 1/2&quot; rating!<br />Casper Van Dien, Denise Richards, and the rest of the &quot;pretty&quot; cast have a few more roles to log under their belts before one can take them seriously as thespians.<br />For one into the technical aspects of Hollywood moviemaking, the film is a winner.<br />For someone who wants an intriguing story about monster insects, stick with &quot;Them!&quot;
B000001E7V|1.0|Why can't people be innovative? It is no coincidence that this album came out right after Portishead's &quot;Dummy&quot;
0767819462|5.0|I loved this movie! It's very touching, it's sad and made me cry at the end, but it does have some funny parts thax to the cute young boy in the movie!) It's basically about a 13 yr old girl and her little brother who dislike their stepmom and, like all, absolutely love their real mom. You watch and see the rest.
0811826848|2.0|I'm very disappointed in the format, writing and graphics. What a shame to spend $60 (cover price) on such redundant, poorly designed rubbish. What happen to the creativity the Fab Four once had?
B00004SCX6|2.0|I really am not too sure bout Britney anymore, shes really not that good anymore. Like that song thats called what I call my dog, ya know, Lucky, is totally pointless, why would you sing about that, oh yeah Britney can get so jealouse of those movie stars sometimes! What more does she want!  I don't know, I'm just totally annoyed by her now and 4 ever.
B00000099Y|5.0|I bought this CD 3 years ago, and it still remains my favorite album, no matter what mood im in. give it a couple of rounds in your CD (about 300) and discover that the music still has small details that makes it even more perfect that you already thought it was. TOTALLY UNLEAL. Spesial credit for the drums And the vocals <br />Im still floating on a cloud called Ænima by TooL
6304359217|3.0|I think all ages could like this movie, as long as your somewhat of a basketball fan, well maybee not even that. With famous basketball star Michael Jordan of Chicago Bulls starring along with cartoon classic Bugs Bunny and Moron Mountain space critters Loony Toons go head 2 head on the b-ball court.
B0000070QS|5.0|After a bad review on the latest album 'minor earth, major sky' from a-ha, now I must write a few words to mortens' solo album, and correct it a little with this review, because I adored a-ha from the beginning. Mortens' solo album shows his talent as a songwriter, which never was shown explicit on all the a-ha albums. These tracks are sung with passion and fragility, and the lyrics are remarkable. I was waiting for years to hear more of his own work, but until now, he didn't release anything new. In this case the expectations on the latest a-ha album were big...too big...
0783242808|5.0|LOL! this is totally halarius! I laughed a lot with this movie, dude is it funny! It's pretty sick, but funny! It's pry one of the best comedies youll see if you like the whole tom green type of comedy, its so funny!
B000002LOE|4.0|There is alot of controversy over this album whether it should go platinum or not. In my opinion, it was a classic, but it just didnt cut it for choice of track on there. There is quite a bit of boring, used up time on the album, although it does have two or three good songs. Losing My Religion is the only song I ever really paid any attention to, until I started liking Radio Song, and Low was okay too. This doesnt pass up Automatic For The People, which was a really good album in its time. This album was just coming out when other hard rockers were coming out with debuts, that went way past any attention to this album. Losing My Religion was the only song anybody really paid attention to, and a small percentage of people went out and actually bought the album. Public was paying alot of attention to the newbies for punk rock like Smashing Pumpkins, and Pearl Jam, than paying any attention to the lighter side of rock, which was R.E.M.  Times change, and its showing easily, it was clear that R.E.M. wasnt going to get alot of high sales on this record, but it goes to show that this album was a classic back in its day. I would only reccomend this to R.E.M. fans, because people not used to R.E.M. would probably be disappointed. Take my advice or not, I'm leaving the decision up to you. Make the right choice and go out and buy this album.
0792151712|1.0|Dealing with the dead, you should show some respect. With its anachronistic characters, this film is disrespectful to the past, in particular DeCaprio with his arrogant, brattish, vulgar personality. With good character actors  all around, we are expected to care about what happens to the puppy love of DeCaprio's 2-dimensional character and the puggish Kate Winslet. This movie is an early indication of the disturbing trend that movies are increasingly aimed at kids or teenagers rather than adults.
B000002MG1|4.0|I have to admit this is a really good album. It is not quite five stars, but 4 and a half would cut it. There are some songs on the album that are boring, but then again they all have meaning to them. &quot;Man On The Moon&quot; is a good song about Andy Kauffman (I hope I spelled that right), and the others on the album just blend in with it. Though my favorite song on the album is probably Everybody Hurts, Drive comes along nagging at its tail, barely surpassing. To tell you the truth I havent listened to this in about a month or two, and I'm not a BIG R.E.M. fan, but I do have two of their albums (Automatic For The People and Out Of Time). But if you are considering buying an R.E.M. album, this is the one to get.
B000002UAC|4.0|The chains of pandeatonic clusters in &quot;It Won't Be Long&quot; and the Aeolian cadence of &quot;Not a Second Time&quot; place this album in the company of such great works as Gustav Mahler's Song of the Earth.
B000000W6R|5.0|This cd really kicks it off-smashing pumpkins are the bomb on this album. Another b-side album, ohh noo, not this time. This is probably one of the best albums I have. Do yourself a favor and get this album...NOW!!!
B000006TRV|5.0|I had this album as a kid and I thought it was great, but it kind of got me down because it's mood is heavy. Roger Waters is on a bad trip. Anyway, my father hadn't been killed by the Japanese and I wasn't dropping bad acid either so I didn't want to share the angst. I ended up giving the album away to my brother which coincided with the start of his problems with society.
B00004XQP4|1.0|This is the biggest pile of dung i've ever heard.I thought nimrod was a bit soft but this one hits the spot.Minority is the one song that has a little bit of punk in it but that's it.I was a green day fan since day one (smoothed out)but i expected more of this record.This is not punk.This is old folks music.A big 0.They realy let me down on this one.For those of you who wanna buy green day,i would say buy insomniac.The best record green day has.
B00004T0US|4.0|Elvis Presley's final studio tracks have been unappreciated by critics and historians, but this recent packaging of &#34;Moody Blue&#34; (1977) with &#34;From Elvis Presley Boulevard&#34; (1976) deserves a listen. Recorded in Graceland's &#34;Jungle Room,&#34; Presley's instinctive eclecticism rarely falters as he runs the gamut from country weepers to spirited rock 'n' roll. Despite ill health and emotional turmoil, he gives it his all with bravura revivals of &#34;Hurt,&#34; &#34;Danny Boy&#34; and &#34;He'll Have to Go.&#34; Even toward the end, Elvis remained a compelling rocker — delivering the goods on classic tracks such as &#34;Moody Blue,&#34; &#34;Way Down&#34; and &#34;For the Heart.&#34; The overall CD is a revelatory work from an artist whose musical commitment still touches the soul.
B00004XONN|4.0|I like Kid A. Underneath the apparent chaos of the album, there are some genuinely beautiful melodies to be found, and what makes the album even more intriguing is that these moments seem to come out of nowhere, almost by accident, totally random. This isn't music you can appreciate right away - it's something to lay back and absorb. It's true that it's not exactly &quot;catchy&quot; music either. But anyone who listens to a lot of music knows that the tracks that get stuck in your head instantly are also the ones that get boring first. The songs on Kid A are deeper and richer, which makes them more powerful in the long run. It's not top 40 material, and it's probably not as good as OK Computer, but it's different, and that's a good thing. Personally, I'm glad RH didn't try to make another OK. Why? Because they already made one, and that's enough. Bravo to Thom and the rest for expanding their musical horizons and trying something different. Atleast it's not boring.
B00004WKII|5.0|JIMI HENDRIX EXP BOX SET IS A MUST OWN IT'S INCREDIBLY AWSOME!
0671042858|3.0|I have been an avid King fan since the age of 11, so it goes without saying that I picked this book up with much enthusiasm.  Unfortunatly, though, &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; leaves much to be desired.<br />But let me start with something positive.  This book does succede on more than one level.  King does a masterful job of showing how the main character's anxiety over her situation slowly begins to escalate, and how the time alone in the woods begins to affect her mentally.  He does a wonderful job of making a complex, believable character out of a 9 year old.<br />However...<br />The story simply goes on to long.  It just seems repetitive after awhile.  It would probably work better in a short story or novella format.<br />All in all, though, a minor negative blip on an otherwise spectacular career.  Pick up his new memoir, &quot;On Writing.&quot;
0136879721|1.0|It's a garbage. This book is a example of pseudoscience knowledge. There are only points of view that are not suported by the science. If you want to buy illusions, buy it. Otherwise, I recommend &quot;The Demon-Haunted World : Science As a Candle in the Dark&quot; by Carl Sagan. &quot;While he touches on various sorts of pseudoscience and antiscience, including repressed memories of all sorts, creationism, belief in miracles and, to his credit, the claims of tobacco companies that cigarettes have not been shown to be harmful, Mr. Sagan's primary target is the widespread belief in alien abductions . . . he is seldom wrong . . . [and] he always writes clearly.  &quot;(The New York Times Book Review, James Gorman)
B00004XMVH|3.0|This movie makes for some good light entertainment but don't expect much more. The plot leaves you asking many questions along the way and several of the scenes seem very predictable. Many of the effects are good, but at times seemed a little too improbable. I couldn't help comparing it to what is in my opinion, the best submarine movie by far, &quot;Das Boot&quot;, and finding it very inferior. Still, not a bad pick up at the video store.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Desite the bizzare and rather brutal fight scenes the movie is excellent. The acting and camera angles are amazing. Fight Club is one of those movies you realy have to sit down and watch. The only thing i did not like that much was that the end didn't fully explain the situation (which those of you who have seen it would understand).
B000002JKA|5.0|t really is a starter for a new Dream Theater litsener.t is a must have for a real DT fan. I dont have much to say... Just buy it and litsen it.
B00000JCB2|1.0|No, 12 this is not brutal. this is terrible. it's corporate garbage as bad as backstreet or nsync. brutal is real metal or hardcore, this is just mindless three chord trash capitalizing on the rap-rock fad. durst's lyrics are hilariously bad, and how anyone could take him seriously are beyond me. it speaks very highly of my generation when the number one song in the country has a chorus of &quot;stick it up your YEAH.&quot; sucks to the bizkit, buy some real music instead.
B000021XS0|5.0|This Cd is the reason to not like any other bands. When i start to litsen to any other band i start to compare everything with the solos, rhythims and vocals in tihs album. And the others just seem simple and unsuccesfull. You must litsen to that one and if you are a true DT fan you must see them live while playing that album. If you can see em live, i am sure your music taste gonna change...
0887306101|5.0|Few books can match Market Wizard in term of content.<br />I must say that Jack Schwager did a great job in interviewing those top traders. Being a trader himself certainly help in asking them the correct questions. While no specifix technics are reveal in this book, however, the insight and thoughts of the trader in term of trading psycology is worth the price of the book. <br />I am on my third reading. It is that good.
B00004U8JU|4.0|So many people are slamming this movie for a weak script, but this isn't supposed to be Schindler's List!  Take this one out for a spin and enjoy the ride!  The DTS version really rocks.  There's room for many genres of film, and this one is a great for what it is.  The acting is fine, the soundtrack is great, the cinematography is fantastic, and the computer graphics are as good as it gets.  The sound quality is jusy phenominal (another great example of DTS at its finest).  Watch this one when you want to escape reality and enjoy the rush of great action.  This isn't the film for profound thinking, but does it have to be?  Relax a bit, Amazon reviewers, and enjoy the action side of Spielberg.  No, it's not one of the finest films ever made-- Citizen Kane is not in danger of falling-- but I watch this one for escapist cinema!  Want to think a bit?  I just saw The Manchurian Candidate (try this one for deeper thought!)  ENJOY Jurassic Park!  If you're going to buy, I suggest the DTS if you have the system!
B00003CXDB|1.0|This movie was not very good.  The movie was slow, boring and the plot was not a good one.  Better luck next time guys, need to burn this one.
B00004X01U|4.0|This Cd is really loaded with great beats.
0811826848|5.0|Well, that was what I first said after getting this most wonderful boook yesterday. It's almost overwhelming. I flipped through it, oh so carefully, in my attempt to keep it as &quot;new&quot; and &quot;untouched&quot; as long as possible. <br />It is worth the wait. It is certainly worth the money. The photos alone are worth the price of the book. <br />Just wonderful. This Beatle Boy is very, very happy
B00004X01U|4.0|This Cd is really loaded with great beats.
B00004XONN|5.0|Granted, I am, and have been a very big fan of Radiohead for some time now. O.K. Computer being what I consider the shining diamond of rock (or &quot;anti-rock&quot;, for all you buzz word creating magazine reporters) unrivaled in the last decade. Kid A is an amazing album. That's it. Unprecedented. Unafraid of &quot;what we might say.&quot; Difficult to critique, without sounding like all those guys I hate to read. But it IS hypnotic. It IS a futuristic, artsy, gutsy &quot;anti-rock&quot; album. Makes me quiet. Makes me reflective. Makes the brows of people I'm not interested in talking to, furrow. Must be what floating down the Liffey feels like. I would list some songs to refer to, and some lines that really &quot;grab you&quot;, but it just doesn't seem appropriate. Listen to it in its entirety, over and over. Loud. If at the conclusion of the album, you aren't a little hazy, a little confused about what just happened...Do it again. Louder. Thanks, guys. Really. Thank you.
B000002I2M|5.0|Less is more on the final Album of the Doors. There is no ( or not much ) psychodelica and no songs like &quot;Light my Fire&quot;, &quot;Crystal Ship&quot;, &quot;Love Street&quot; or &quot;Strange Days&quot;. Blues is all to them here, it seems pretty much a down-to-earth album. And it's great, oh yes. I always thought that Blues sucked, or at least wasn't my cup of tea. &quot;L.A. Woman&quot; works for me, nevertheless. &quot;Car hiss by my Window&quot; is very depressing, as is &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot;. The whole record has something very special that I didn't get to hear on anything else so far. I wouldn't call it an easy album. It takes time to get used to ( as all other Doors recrods take ), but if you listen close you are richly rewarded indeed: The title track is just a wonderful song, &quot;Hyanthic House&quot; is just as great. Talk about he's seen it coming... creepy somehow, but absolutely beautiful. As all of these records were made long before I was even thought about to be born, I don't know if I'm getting it straight but I love the Doors.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I LOVE this album!!!My favorite song in this album is &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot;!!!!!You should get this cd!!
6305127638|3.0|So, the all too chummy, too politically correct Star Trek: The Next Generation crew finally hit the mark in the motion picture game with this screen adaption of the popular television show.  Here we see Captain Picard finally taking off the kid-gloves instead of taking the pansy and unbelievable every-alien-will-negotiate stand he usually took during the tv series' regular run.  It was also good to see that Picard has his own prejudices(like Kirk vs. the Klingons) and vulnerabilities as the rest of us in our all too non-perfect universe.<br />The story was somewhat implausible when you consider that the Borg seemed to be going through too much trouble to change the history of a planet that in the universal scheme of things is a infinitesimal part of the galaxy. However, this fact gets lost in the nostalgic storytelling by the Star Trek creators as humans again prove that we are the center of the universe.<br />As a whole, however, the movie is still great entertainment whether you are a Trekkie or not.  It has enough great special effects and entertaining dialogue to keep your interest throughout the movie and we finally got to see who became our first alien ally at the end of the movie.  Unfortunately, this movie also seems to be the last hurrah in the Star Trek franchise as the next Trek feature, &quot;Insurrection&quot;, started to show that the series is finally beginning to lose its appeal to non-traditional Star Trek fans.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney did it again!!!In this cd my favourite song is &quot;Lucky&quot;!! If you like dancing and slow motion songs then this is the cd for you!!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead have outdone themselves once more with &quot;Kid A&quot;. The use of astounding tantric art, and synthesized instruments puts the listener in a deep trance like state with each run through. The band uses noise (yes, noise) to aid the music, the best example being &quot;How to disappear Completely&quot; and &quot;Everything in it's right place&quot;.  <br />Radiohead continues to move forward, even with expectations becoming insurmountable.  The sign of a truly great band. <br />Ciao<br />Dave
B0000046X0|5.0|The first time I heard this CD I was absolutely blown away by it. Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy, the first track, was the most intense, quick, and mind blowing track I've ever heard. The drummer Lenny White is a machine, with no two drum phrases alike. Stanley Clarke is an incredible funky bassist that gets to show off in the second track. Chick Corea is incredibly quick on the piano, and the rough edgy guitar work is absolutely amazing. An absolutely incredible fusion jazz record. You simply can't miss it.
B000002IOW|5.0|After Moving Pictures, I lost interest in Rush's music. They began to shed their progressive style for a more simplified sound. I still bought their albums, but I was disappointed with every one of them. Presto, however, was different. A lot of Rush fans give it a hard time, and I can understand why: the band's sounds is pretty different. but I like it. While Superconducter is overrated, the rest of the album doesn't get enough credit. This is one of my favorites, up there with 2112 and Moving Pictures.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Great! Rage Against The Machine dabbles in a potent combination of rap and heavy metal not unlike the way artists dabble in paint. NOW TESTIFY!
B00004XQP4|5.0|I thought they'd never come close to replicating Dookie, and after Nimrod, I wasn't sure if they'd ever come out with another awesome album, but...Warning is a fantastic CD.<br />Blood Sex and Booze and Deadbeat Holiday are catchy, and have the typical tounge-in-cheek Billie Joe lyrics, and memorable hooks.  Holiday is my personal favorite from this CD.<br />Minority is a total sell-out.  They obviously want attention and some controversy for the name, yet the song is nothin about actual minorities.  Rather the old &quot;be different&quot; agenda.  C'mon give us what you advertise, here!  Make some noise...  don't go politically correct on us, guys!<br />Macy's Day Parade is sweet, and shows their talent, as does Misery.  Both are very &quot;soft&quot; but both are so good musically it's hard to knock em.<br />All in all, a great album.  If you like even just one song of Offspring's or previous Green Day stuff, this is a must.
0553579908|5.0|It's amazing how quickly George R R Martin has become the premiere author in Fantasy. The Song of Ice and Fire series has supplanted the long running (and frankly aging) Wheel of Time series as an icon of the best work in the genre.<br />Martin picks up from the riveting first entry in the series called a Game of Thrones.  This work is longer but the pace is as breathless as ever.  The Seven Kingdoms are still at war and the warring families such as the Starks, Lannisters and Baratheons enter a critical period beset by tragedy, treachery, treason and heroism on all sides.<br />What is it about the Song of Ice and Fire series that makes it so good?  Well, where to start?  The charcters have more depth than ten of the average fantasy characters stacked on top of each other.  The subplots, which threaten to drown other works such as the Wheel of Time, instead drives this work forward.  The writing is crisp and refreshingly visceral, reflecting a world that is fantastical in its mythos, but very plausible in its portrayal of society.  The story is charcter driven rather than plot driven.<br />As in the previous book, the chapters alternate between the views of principal characters on all sides, this is refreshing in that it keeps a sense of balance in the writing and the reader awaiting the fate of his or her favourite character need not wait too long.  There are some shocking surprises as in the first book but things are not always as they might seem at first.<br />The book ends at a pivotal point in the book with more questions raised than answered, the only way this series will lose its magic will be if Mr. Martin chooses to turn this series into a protracted 10 part exercise on page filling money machines as Mr. Jordan has done.  Let us hope that that will not happen.<br />In conclusion, this is a sophomore entry that raises the bar on the current standards of Fantasy fiction and one that Mr. Martin should be proud of, this is simply put, excellent excellent fantasy.
0440224764|4.0|John Grisham's novel, THE PARTNER was in a way unsatisfying.  The partner of an up-and-coming law firm steals about 90 mil from his fellow partners after faking his death.  He then moves out of the country, gets plastic surgery, and is unable to be found.  Years later, He is discovered, kidnapped, beaten then handed over to the FBI.<br />The partner starts out like that seinfeld episode where it starts from the end and goes backwards.  You meet the main character when he is being caught and you s-l-o-w-l-y discover how he did it.  By about the fourth to the last chapter, I already knew the ending.  It was attemped to be presented as a 'twist' but, sad to say, it wasn't.<br />I would read this book, just dont expect a twisty ending.
B000007R1M|5.0|Pure techno ..more than 10 years old..crystal clear.. other recordings include &quot;computer world&quot; &quot; radioactivity&quot; Any techno fan should have this
B000002BUY|5.0|1. Redefine- like the way it starts out soft then gets heavy, and the really cool bass part, but the chorus riff seems to drag on and gets old very fast. Nice lyrics, though.<br />2. Vitamen- once again, I love the way it picks up, and the lyrics and chorus riff may be the best part of the album <br />3. New Skin- Definitely the best song on CD- heavy guitar riff mixed w/harmonics, funk/metal bass part, and the best melody between the guitar and the singing in the chorus that ive ever heard.<br />4. Idiot Box- OK song, good transition to chorus, good &quot;bass solo&quot;, but the overall music in each verse, well, sucks.<br />5. Glass- cool, weird sounding funk/metal song. I like the sounds the guitar makes, but they can get annoying, very cool lyrics and chorus.<br />6. Magic Medicine- What the hell? This song is VERY expiremental, and might be amusing the 1st time you hear it, but is basically just a bunch of screwing around, and i think it sucks<br />7. Certian Shade of Green- very cool song, excellent funk drums and bass, and a heavy guitar riff that makes you want to jump.<br />8. Favorite things- OK song, pretty cool guitar part and Ok lyrics get old after a while.<br />9. Summer Romance- cool funk song, cool wha wha pedal guitar part cool base and lyrics<br />10. Nebula- Heaviest song on the CD, LOVE the drums and the fast and slow heavy guitar parts, the singing goes well with the guitar, also, good lyrics too.<br />11. Deep Inside- Ok funk song, a good transition from funk to heaviness, but it gets old pretty fast<br />12. Calgone- the 2nd coolest song on the CD, a very cool transition from the mysterious, soft intro to a very heavy guitar riff, cool bass distortion, and a VERY cool, heavy, melodic chorus.
B00004SST6|5.0|Miles Davis said about George Benson that he was the guitarist of the guitarists.Maybe it's not the best album of George but,it's always a surprise with a new recording.The version of &quot;The Ghetto&quot; is completely fabulous and groove !! I'm sure the new one will be with more vocals tunes.Anyway his intensitive and fluide guitar will be ever personnal and hot. Long life to Mister Groove !!
0684853523|5.0|I am a huge fan of Stephen King.  Have been since I was about thirteen or so.  I have eagerly awaited each new novel.  And for the most part have not been disappointed.  <br />When I heard that King was writing about writing I couldn't wait to read it.  I finally got my hands on a copy and let me tell you, it certainly met my hopes and expectations.  This book is written in very no nonsense tone.  King lets you in to his world and explains how/why he does things with his writing.  He does not come across as being a know-it-all author with a few sticks to grind.  Nor does he come across as boorish old English teacher.  Instead he comes across as a friendly helper.<br />If you are a writer who is trying to find a voice, read the book.  If you are a writer who has found a voice and wants to make that voice even stronger, read the book.  If you are just a King fan and want to know more about the guy, read the book.<br />Great book, fun book.  Enjoyed it.
0944379052|4.0|This book gives great insight on the man who almost destroyed an entire race of humans.  Hitler used vivid imagery to write this book.  I mean in some way he is very messed up.  Well, by that satement I mean his parents were uncle and niece.  Talk about no deep end in that gene pool.  By doing some research on Hilter I have found that this inbreeding probably caused some of his &quot;psychotic&quot; behviour.  If I dare to use that strong of a word.  No &quot;normal&quot; (what is normal?) person would have the ability to almost kill off an entire race.  Mein Kampf is one of those books you only want to read once because you shake your head at the thoughts this evil man had.  I couldn't believe that one man could be so evil and want to cause harm to someone whom he has never met.  Another theory I heard about why Hitler wanted to kill the Jews was because when his mother was dying it was a Jewish doctor who was treating her.  But in reality does this five someone the right to kill 6 million people?  I certainly think not.  I'm not sure how the rest of you feel.  I feel this book is scary, but should be read to fully understand the man who was Adolph Hitler.
B000021XS0|5.0|The latest album from Dream Theatre is probably the &quot;best Progressive Rock Album&quot;, released in the past few years. It is well thought out and the music is tightly performed. Like any album that is destined to be a classic, it will take a about 3 listens after that the musical lanscape just bursts forth!!!! This is definitely a must buy for the progressive rock fan.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is a great albulm. I had listened to Dark Side of the Moon before ,and liked it ,but I didn't appriciate this till I was a little older. The journey through life leading to insanity is great ,and upheld by great songs like Hey You and Comfortabley Numb.
6303913881|4.0|Okay, let's face it... To the average viewer, this movie is only about T&amp;A to put it nicely.  I thought the same when I began to watch, and I was quite skeptical right from the get-go.  However, I must say that to me, &quot;SHOWGIRLS&quot; portrayed the life of a Vegas dancer perfectly. I can imagine that the violence and the expected sex are a vast part of that lifestyle, and though it was blunt in its portrayal, it was honest.     I don't believe that Elizabeth Berkley is the greatest actress in the world, but she did have the guts to go all out for the part...and I do mean &quot;all out&quot;!       Gina Gershon, however, played Crystal Conners beautifully.  I could believe while I was watching that she was an actual showgirl.  What some may not know is that her character was based on the legendary dancer of Vegas.  She was very believable, and let's not forget beautiful, in the role.      The pool scene did nothing for me, but as with most movies today, it is something overlook, and thank heavens for the mute button!  I did not care for her lapdance with James, the dancer, but that's me.        Other than that, the movie cannot be judged on its splash of nudity.  It was honest and bold, and no one went to see it without expecting to view naked breasts.  People are quick to judge this movie based on that alone, but I feel it went deeper and showed the Vegas lifestyle in a way that I myself, as a viewer, can understand....
B000001FN1|4.0|Good mix betwen the two sounds! A solid album with good catchy songs, plus Doro is a metal-babe (gotta love that)!
B000002J1I|5.0|This is an excellent progressive rock CD.  It has a unique sound among Yes CDs.  Every track is a gem.  Some are extremely uplifting.  Even after having listened to it many times since it first came out on LP, I am moved as much now by this great music as ever.  All of the musicians (Anderson, Howe, Squire, Wakeman, and White) play inspired, and as usual with Yes, very well together.  Buy it, give it a few listens, and then play it loud.  It will take you to special heights.
6302860253|3.0|My first complaint is that the music wasn't done right. My second complaint is that Julia Migenes is not only not good-looking enough to be Carmen, she cannot even sing the arias well enough. Domingo, on the other hand, is perfectly cast and has a wonderful voice. The movie also has some cheezy moments, they could have been more tasteful. As Maltin puts it, this production is &quot;overbaked.&quot; Migenes has hair on her armpits and rolls cigars on her thighs... And the music is not well performed. Poor Bizet, I wonder what he would have thought. Although there is still much to enjoy in this video, serious opera buffs may be disappointed. However, I do hope that this movie production helps reach people who are not usually into opera.
B00004RHZU|4.0|What can I say you gotta give Pink credit for being as cool and real as she is.Alot of artists now a days aren't staying true to themselves and being real, but Pink maintains that status. With one of the most impressive debute albums of 2000 Pink is red hot. With her gold first hit single &quot;There You Go&quot; Pink proves she is represting   for the ladies but I ain't hating just congradulating, cause I believe a woman who can tell a man look at you there you go, has got it going on.On her debute Pink has alot of hot songs and covers many topics, the album opens with a weird but good song titled &quot;Split Personality&quot; which is a great start and I love how you can hear all the different voices of Pink representing each personality. Other standout tracks are &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot; which is an awesome song and has basically the same meaning as &quot;There You Go&quot;, &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;, which is great song for anyone it's just about someone getting on Pink's nerves and she's basically telling them you make me sick. Another good song is the slow but yet great song &quot;Stop Falling&quot; which I love because Pinks voice sounds very good and she hits all the high notes. Next is 2 of the best tracks on the album &quot;Private Show&quot; which has a great meaning and again Pink shines on this song also, then there is &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; which I think is great because it's all about meeting your lovers momma and Pink tears this one up. The #1 track on the album is the ladies anthem &quot;Most Girls&quot; which is a follow-up to her first big hit &quot;There You Go&quot;. The beat, the lyrics, everything about this song make it hot to death. Wheather it's track 1 or track 13 this album will not dissapoint you if your a real rnb fan. So believe me Pink should be taken home.That's my review of Pinks smash album also checkout my other reviews of such albums as Kandi, Amil, Toni Braxton and others.one love
B0000039LE|5.0|This movie has a suspenseful horror feel about that really keeps the viewer wrapped up, then knocks him out of his seat. The creepiness and &quot;what-happens-next&quot; atmosphere will keep you guessing all the way through. The fact that a stalker has invaded a small Illinois town with one goal, to kill his sister, makes this movie so much better than your regular, predictable kill-fest. For an excellent scare, you cannot go wrong with this movie.
0156907399|5.0|This is definitely one of my favorite books ever. Through the story of the Ramsay family, Woolf delivers an enchanting and intelligent story of domestic life and of the relationships between men and women. By celebrating everyday life, she champions women's traditional roles. Each time I read this novel, I am amazed at the cultural commentary Woolf included, and at its continued relevance to life today. And the ways she shows time passing in this novel are simply magnificent.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna never ceased to amaze me.  I was never a pop listener type of guy, I hate boy bands, I do not like Spears or Christina.  Madonna however, is an exception.  With her some hundred images, she brings out this CD which is more like Ray of Light, showing the spiritual side of Madonna.  This CD is a bit like that, but more fun/unrestrained/techno style.  I gave it three stars because most of the tracks on the CD are lame, not catchy, and plain dumb.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Why is everyone saying Green Day wasn't recognized until Dookie?. I loved them because of Kerplunk and i still do, I'm surprised i haven't worn out the Kerplunk tape i listened to it so much and its still so great. Just because MTV didn't become obessed with them until Dookie means nothing. Also everyone has been saying the new album isn't punk and i was mad at first but i think they are right. It doesn't matter, i still like it but not the way i like Kerplunk. I don't see why they have to be punk to be good, it seems like some people are saying that just because it has a differant name it sucks. Anyways Green Day is still punk if these people were to talk to them they would know. They have a good life now, they are married and have kids and they don't need to sing about girls and school and drugs anymore. I really like the message behind warning. I think that its their best in that respect; its honest. If you are a Green Day fan I bet you will still like this, it's differant but it still is Green Day and it still is GREAT. If you aren't a fan yet and liked some of the songs, especially from Nimrod you will love this album. It is great to just sit back and listen to it. Oh, their LP for this album is cool too, its GREEN! Check that out too.
B000001FC0|5.0|Tears for Fears seems to have aged more gracefully than most other 1980s music, in part because the band relied more on real instruments than synthesized noise, in part because they really sang. Fifteen years after its release, Songs from the Big Chair remains the essential album from this duo.<br />Beyond having two huge hits, which sound great even now, the album has a consistency and continuity. 'Head over Heels', for example, just fits best when it is bookended by the live recording of 'Broken'. 'Working Hour' is a fantastic vocal and instrumental romp -- why it never made it to the 'Greatest Hits' set is beyond me. While it might be stretch, I have always thought of 'Big Chair' as one of few 1980s concept albums. Every track is distinctive, but you cannot help but listen to the whole thing through.
6302732778|4.0|This is still a great movie even though &quot;sourpusses&quot; relish in its removal of the happy ending from the original release. This movie drops down a notch because the cynics miss the movie's point. I will try to explain. The most powerful scene in the movie is when Rutger's replicant-killer gains self-awareness on the rooftop battling Harrison Ford. In the rain, he remarks how as an expendable entity he has gone to the ends of the universe on suicide missions with noone caring or remembering, and then when its all said and done, he will cease to exist. Then, as the rain drops fall, HE CHOOSES to rescue Harrison Ford, anyway. If that is not by definition, HUMANITY, heroism, and LOVE, then what is it? He CHOSE to be alive, to care. By so doing he exceeds the humanity of some of us. If you don't shed a tear for him and wish he were human, then maybe YOU are a replicant. This is where the cynics miss the point.<br />The natural response of a human would be to as soon as the crisis was over to CHOSE LIFE--to grab the girl, get away and LIVE while you can and be thankful for what you have, which is what Ford does in the original movie but not the avante garde &quot;director's cut&quot;. The studio executives are right on this one. The point of this movie is to remain HUMAN no matter what the inhumanity that science and technology directed by the heartless creates. To remember the dark days on some forgotten planet and the &quot;expendibles&quot;--in other words DON'T LET OUR WORLD BECOME THE WORLD OF BLADE RUNNER.
B000001DU5|4.0|If you're looking for a random assortment of songs from one of the best of the 1980s popular groups, this is a five-star album. Compared to much of the hackneyed lyrics and synthesized murk of that era, Tears for Fears offers memorable vocals and first-rate music -- they still sound great, and the recordings were pure digital.<br />But each of their albums seems to work more effectively in its original sequence, and there was not enough chaff on 'Songs from the Big Chair' to make the usual 'greatest hits' filter necessary or even desirable. 'The Hurting' also stands on its own, and the tracks from the 'Seeds of Love' album really do not complement any of earlier songs. If you enjoy Tears for Fears, buy 'Songs from the Big Chair'. It is probably a modern classic. I cannot say anything terribly negative about the 'Tears Roll Down' CD because I own it and listen to it on occasion.  Still, TFF is one of the rare modern musicial teams to produce albums that are especially cohesive, making this greatest hits collection sound like a sort of random arrangement.
B000002UR7|5.0|Perhaps the best thing about this album is the realization that when you get right down to it, Radiohead started off as fakes. Phonies. Here was a band that didn't care at all for the Suede-esque Britpop ruling their nation at the time. Nope, Radiohead was digging &quot;grunge&quot; music at the time. Grunge music! Bush, Soundgarden, Candlebox, Nirvana, stuff like that. Grunge music! Can you think of ANY style of music out there that's considered less hip? &quot;Stop Whispering&quot; and &quot;Anyone Can Play Guitar&quot; are both catchy in a &quot;Heart Shaped Box&quot; sort of way. But of course that's not the reason you should buy this album.<br />Nope. This is the album with &quot;Creep&quot; on it. &quot;Creep&quot;. (not the Stone Temple Pilots or TLC song) The song that the band themselves have gone on record as saying it's, like, the worst song they've ever done and of course I'm forced to disagree. When you listen to it again for the 5 millionth time, listen to the guitars. The way the guitars just seem to jump out of the speakers like that. That's really cool. They should do that more often. <br />STUPID STORY: Back in my middle school days, it was the first day of school and we didn't know anbody, and there was this kid sitting next to me who had this shirt on and the shirt said simply &quot;Creep&quot; on it. So all through the year whenever I saw this kid I'd just start singing &quot;But I'm a CREEEEEEPP!  I'm a weirdo! &quot; and he'd get sooooo mad. Okay I'll shut up now.
B000001DYY|4.0|I bought 'Elemental' when it was released, and attended the tour, Roland Orzabal's first as a solo act. He remains a serious talent compared to most popular musicians, and 'Elemental' is a pretty solid album. It builds on the electro-synthesizer theme that began with the 'Seeds of Love' previously, adding a few big hooks -- 'Break it down again' and 'Fish out of water', and Orzabal still has wonderful voice. Too often he drowns himself in echo. 'Elemental' alternates between moody and catchy. 'Mr. Pessimist' may be the best vocal, showcasing Orzabal's distinctive voice and keeping the curtain of sound behind it to a proper level.<br />While the album works, overall, it seems to rely on studio tricks, reverb and echo to the point of distraction. All of this is professionally done, but I probably play the 'Songs from the Big Chair' album more just because it seems more musically 'honest'. If you are a TFF fan, you will enjoy 'Elemental', but it is probably a step or two behind 'Big Chair.' Make this your second purchase.
0452281881|4.0|There have been a number of books in a similar genre now: consisting entirely of emails and in which the reader eavesdrops on what should be private correspondence. This, however, is the first to have held my interest. I thought at first that a 'cast list', or Shakespearean _dramatis personae_, would have been a useful addition to the book, since I was having difficulty keeping track of who was who. But, after a chapter or so, it became much easier.<br />The cast is full of larger-than-life characters; secretaries who judge their status by that of their bosses; copywriters who spend as much of the day as they can in the nearest bar talking about how crap their last campaign was; a creative director who is a big-headed idiot, and a managing director who can't figure out how to send email correctly, and so ends up copying everything to a Finnish CEO he detests.<br />The Coke ad campaign acts as a backdrop for some crazy shenanigans; lots of backstabbing, plotting, intrigue, two-faced behaviour and even a bit of sexual impropriety (which gets filmed and exposed in a very public manner... ;)). Not forgetting Scandinavia's finest current pop export, Aqua, who play a minor supporting role. <br />This is a quick read, but certainly enjoyable.
B00004U3UG|5.0|What's that on your face?  Well it's gotta be egg if you ain't seen this film.  See how that works?   The best film starring Bruce Campbell and with the words &quot;Army&quot; and &quot;Darkness&quot; in the title EVER MADE.  That's right, you heard.  Some people might think this series of films is purely an excuse for director Sam Raimi to inflict massive amounts of physical pain on Bruce Campbell's person.  Well, if so then - hey! - what's wrong with that?  Convinced? Then sally forth and purchase.  Groovy!
0446608955|5.0|This was just a great book.  My mom sent it to me at school and I figured I might pick it up on the weekend maybe.  Once I picked it up I couldn't put it down!  Landon Carter, the main character, is a regular high school teenager in the fifties.  Landon ends up falling for Jamie Sullivan, the girl he'd made fun of all growing up.  Jamie carried a Bible around with her at school and was always cheerful.  Today she might shot but in the fifties she just got made fun of.  Landon was forced to ask her to homecoming because all his other options were taken.  They hit off from there and keep the reader's eyes glued to the pages.  The ending is purely great and will have an effect on readers of all ages.  This is a must read regardless of your religious standpoint and your level of sensitivity.
6304789440|5.0|This is the mother of Horror/Action movies.  I can't believe this movie was made in 1986!? you can put all the action and horror movies in the 90's and will not find one quit like &quot;Aliens.&quot; This movie will pump up your blood pressure, like a roller-coster will do. Prepare your heart for some thrill and get ready to have some FUN! This is the only movie where the use of profanity fitted  perfectly.  James Cameron made it seem like a documentary movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|What can I say? It's Radiohead. That's exactly what there music is. This album makes me wanna explore the inside of a spaceship and live inside a computer. I listened to this album literally about 7 times the day I bought it.They get better and better each album.&quot;The national anthem&quot; has horns incorporated in it, which gives it a Morphine feel. The great thing about this album is, no matter what emotion you're feeling that day, it fits right in. The last track on the CD is &quot;motion picture soundtrack&quot;, well this album in it's entirety is like a motion picture soundtrack. In my opinion this album has the equivilency of the movie &quot;The Wall&quot;.  It gives you that same kind of odd, weird, disoriented question mark in your head. &quot;What exactly is this about&quot;? This is a different Radiohead, yet very much like what they're about. Sound incomprehensible? Just purchase it, you will understand everything I'm expressing once you've tasted Kid A.
B00004LN16|5.0|It sickens me that all these rap-lovers get to review thisalbum, saying their music is &quot;dead&quot;. Players suck. AC/DC rules all.<br />This album is just great. Rockin' tunes that get your head bangin', with a touch of the blues. The chops are just as good as ever, checkout &quot;sattelite blues&quot;, &quot;safe in new york&quot; and &quot;house of jazz&quot;, they are my favorites.<br />They are phenominal in concert, if you ever get the chance to see them, RUN, don't walk, to the nearest venue.<br />Can't wait for the next album.
0679879269|5.0|Pullman once again takes us to his magical universe with Lyra, Will, Mrs. Coutler, Lord Asriel, and Dr. Mary. In the beginning of this book Lyra is traped under a powerful sleeping spell my no one else than her own mother. And Will (my favriote charecter), with the help of two guardian Angels must find her before the people of the Church do. This book answers all the questions about dust, and the subtle knife. <br />With charecter's you can't help fall in love with and others you never know when to trust or not ::coughMrs.Coutlercough::, The Amber Spyglass is an amazing book and well worth the 2 year wait! It's now one of my favriote books on my shelves. If you've read the first two books reading this is a must!
0679879269|5.0|For the past two years, I've been wondering how Phillip Pullman would pull off the conclusion to his ambitious trilogy.  How would he explain the subtle knife, the Specters, the angels, how would the complex motivations of Lord Asriel and Marisa Coulter be resolved?  What would Lyra do? How would they all coalesce? I felt in my heart that he had set his sights too high and the final novel would fail its promise.  Well, it hasn't.  The Amber Spyglass has crystallized for all of us to see Pullman's vision of heaven, the underworld, and the relationship of &quot;god&quot; and people, good and evil, to it all.  I didn't realize until beginning this book that Pullman had undertaken a retelling of Paradise Lost (maybe I'm just slow), but when the realization dawned, I was mesmerized.  Having just finished the book, I find myself thinking of how humankind has struggled to understand god, and death, good and evil, and how this understanding (or at least our conceptions of same) have evolved from Homer's Illiad, to Dante's Divine Comedy, to Milton's Paradise Lost.  I'm almost ready to believe that His Dark Materials stands along side these great works.  Surely this trilogy is one of the great literary works of the century.  My only regret is that Pullman didn't describe the meeting of Farder Coram and Serafina Pekkala, because we know they met again, we know of the love they held for each other, and we know that Lyra chided Serafina Pekkala for not meeting him again after the time she left him to become queen of her clan. Such a scene would have added, rather than detracted, from the bittersweet poignancy (excuse my atrocious spelling) of Lyra and Will's fate.
B000002I97|5.0|a long time ago, I wrote this for amazon as music lover from California.  I have now decided to come clean.  Do I get my two votes?  Here is how brilliant John Prine is. Bette Midler covered Hello in There&quot; and it  still comes off well!  I remember seeing this album in a stack of vinyl when  there was only vinyl. It was the era where flag decals were given with copies of  Reader's Digest. I remember hearing the song &quot;Flag Decal&quot; and thinking how  awesome it wass that I understood the song. Last year I bought the tape of John  Prine for my car. I hadn't heard it in twenty five years...but it seems as relevant  today as it was twenty five years ago. Songs laced with pathos, sardonic humor,  and most importantly.,heartbeats of the human condition, John Prine is a treasure  still, managing to be both a time capsule, a record of the time is was written in  and a current event lesson. I listen to alot of music and am not a John Prine head,  nor am I a John Prine groupie. I have this album, and this one only...but it is an  exceptional one. I say hooray to all kinds of music, but let's give folkies like  John Prine his due. Here is one fabulous songwriter that deserves a listen
B000023VR6|5.0|I love this album so much.  First of all I only liked Forgot about Dre, What's the difference? and Still D.R.E, but I persevered with and now there are only a few that I really don't like.  My absoloute favourites are F**K You, Xxplosive, Bang Bang and Ackrite.  I love co-rapper Hitman and I think he is worthy of his own record deal.  Some of the interludes are a bit cheesy and weird but still quite funny.  On the whole this album is so diverse, few would find it diffficult not to like at least one song.
B000050IMG|5.0|Scary movie is simply in one word...hilarious. When I saw this in theaters I couldn't stop laughing. The mocking of movies such as Scream, the Matrix, I Know What You Did Last Summer, the Blair Witch Project and the Sixth Sense is incredibly funny. This is a movie horror and comedy fans cannot go without seeing!
0679879269|5.0|Starting off, I'm 14 and I happened to read the first two books in early September '00 because I had no other fantasy books around (my genre). I found them to be fabulous books (meaning I had to wait in agony for a whole month before the final book came out) , and I was furthermore incredibly surprised to find that these books were filed under childrens books! It's not that I'm suprised because they seem too much of an adult plot, but that a child could not possibly understand the entire plot and all of its theological ideas. The ideas of the Dust, dmons, and multiple worlds can be difficult to understand for a child. Also, the biblical references might be too subtle for some children. But in any event, I think it was a superb piece of writing that can be enjoyed on multiple levels, as much if not more by adults than children.     Philip Pullman also did an amazing job of juggling many difficult concepts and keeping them from invalidating each other. These concepts, however, forced certain issues near the end. I'll try to be obscure enough here that no one who has not read it would understand and spoil the end ( I hate it when reviews do that ). I think that Pullman's concepts of possibility for existence in multiple worlds was nescesary for certain parts of the book, to keep various themes and all working, but towards the end, these same precepts forbade what I had hoped might be.     Anyways, about Pullman's ideas on divinity, death, dmons and Dust, I greatly admired the novel way in which these all fit together. I was eager for the 3rd book not only for plot, but also to find out more about dust and what it has to do with age and dmons.    All in all, I beleive Pullman's works will be admired for a long time to come as fabulous literature for its novel approach to metaphysical ideas, its solid plot with stunningly well written character developement, and its provocation of emotions and immersion of the reader.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Its not about attitude,money or law...it's abot life!!!!!<br />GOBSMACKED!!!!
B00000AD94|5.0|...Masterpiece.<br />That's what &quot;The Light&quot; is...and masterpiece of progressive music. Spock's Beard plays challenging, beautiful, and melodious progressive rock. They are, in my humble opinion, the best prog band of recent years. Neal Morse (songwriter) is obviously influenced by 70s progressive rock bands, and he deftly wields these influences and straddles the line between modern sensibilities and 70s creativity. The result is awesome.<br />Song structures seem barely cohesive at first, but subsequent spins reveal that each track is an excellently thought-out song. This album only has four tracks (not including the two minute live bonus track at the end), but it clocks in at about an hour. That's the way it should be! Unlike much prog, Spock's Beard's songs are not ridiculously self-indulgent...Morse is concerned with the most important aspect of prog: writing great songs. And he does this admirably. Yes hasn't sounded this fresh in years. Lyrics get pretty weird at times (Mystic Voodoo Love Dance?) but strangely, it all works and it's all weirdly charming.<br />Prog fans with an open mind with probably enjoy The Light. It's like the &quot;Close To The Edge&quot; of the 90s.
B00002Z83J|5.0|You probably should buy all of Gallagher's albums up to and including the recent (and phenomenal) BBC SESSIONS, but, hey, I might be a little biased. But if you had to limit yourself to one, clearly CALLING CARD is it. His songwriting was never better, nor his guitar playing, but there's an added x factor: you could call it chemistry, or kismet, or mojo. WhatEVER that elliptical, intangible magic that all too rarely occurs when the tape is rolling might be termed, this record is drenched with it. From the opening drum-and-Telecaster intro of 'Do You Read Me' to the down-home warmth of set closer 'Barley and Grape Rag', regardless of whether it's a rave-up ('Moonchild', 'Secret Agent Man') or a ballad ('Edged in Blue', the gorgeous title track), soul and heart suffuses these songs; you can't not respond to them. There is an infectious joy and depth of feeling in these tracks that does what hardly any of today's high-tech, digitally-perfect recordings can even attempt: they make you happy to be a human being and grateful to be alive. A gorgeous, luminous album - buy this and become a Gallagher fan for life.
B000000993|5.0|This album is great. Wow. Undertow is both highly enjoyable to listen to and extremely disturbing at the same time. The depth of Maynards lyrics will actually make you think about life and religion while head banging. Then some other lyrics will make you go &quot;EEEEEWWWWWWW&quot;. It's great.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Mate, this album is the helll tank CD aye. I got all of Green day's albums and each one gets better, with this one being no exeption, stretching the bounderies of pop-punk even further than  NIMROD, this album has variation, and nearly anyone can pick it up and find something they like. My favourite songs are: Castaway, Deadbeat Holiday, Jackass and Macy's Day Parade. It really amazes me how Billie Joe can continually, time after time write brilliant lyrics and the whole band makin some damn fine music. Using the harmonica more often in this album is awesome, great variation and also some other instruments just make this album even better. I could go on forever explaining it, but all I gotta say is, buy this album, u will defianetly not be dissapointed!
B000006U44|5.0|Here's the deal......this is one of the best debut  albums to hit the world in the last 30 years.  Laugh if you will, but look at the facts before you start questioning yourself. Here's a 19 year old girl.....writing and composing an entire album.      She cracks the charts with a No.1 single &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot;. Okay, thats good enough for me.... but what gets me is people are still talking  about this album 20 years later.     Mention Kate Bush to anyone, and like her  or not they remember her for her high-pitched  vocals on this particular track. Its like one reviewer said...you either love her or hate her.  More people love her than most would realize.    Its obvious that this album showcases the  natural raw talent of all of her skills combined.  I must admit when at 19 myself, I first heard  this album, in 1979, I couldn't stand it.  It was the worst stuff ever!!!!! I had no choice  but to listen to it because it was the only tape  available in our art class at the time.... over and over we would listen to it.... I was so glad when I graduated.....no more Kate Bush.      2 years later this song pops  into my head...why??? I dont know.  I do know that it was Kate Bush,  I do know that I ran out and bought the  album that day....to this day I have never  looked back. Its like a seed was planted,  and finally awarness grew and made me realize,  that this is what true art and music was all about.<br />    By the way, for all of those who don't like,  or understand the song &quot;Kite&quot;, here it is...... its very simple folks...no deep seated meaning .....think of a kite flying....imagine it... then put Kates music to it...have fun.... Kate sure was having fun when she wrote the song!  Her vocals go up and down in pitch as  would a kite......and wow!...would that ever be a ride!.<br />   This is an artist who will not be  dismissed easily and watch out,  I suspect she will be back to rock the music world once again....after all she did define &quot;Alternative&quot;  before the &quot;generation X&quot; gang thought that  they had invented it???     To go on further about this masterpiece, would be unfair to Kate herself....and to all of us that  love her for who she is...the greatest....<br />   Buy the album....it's a rare treat that  you wont find in too many other places.
B00003W8NM|1.0|This movie wants you to believe its message is that if you are if you are dissatisfied with our superficial, materialist society, you can find relief in squalor and violence.  It is actually a movie for people who are entertained by pointless violence, but who need to believe that they are looking at something with artistic or intellectual merit.  The movie is arresting, with good performances, but it is basically shallow and manipulative.
6302732875|5.0|Neither Jack Lemon nor Alan Arkin are particular favorites of mine, but each man was spectacular in Mamet's masterpiece of white collar sadism.  The play itself is one of the greatest of the present generation, and this cast works so well toghether and the film is so well directed that the viewer is physically uncomfortable from the tension.  In a way, it's something like a horror movie for adults with real life terrors.  My only quibble with the production is the addition of the Alec Baldwin opening, which is not in the play.  Baldwin acts here with as much subtlety as he is capable of, that is to say very little.  The result is successful in showing the salesmens' pressures from the opening, but I've seen this done on stage without a Baldwin (thankfully) and the viewer can watch the stresses build which, to my view, is a superior approach.  In emphasizing the excellence of Lemon's and Arkin's performance, I don't intend to downplay the work by Al Pacino or Ed Harris.  They are at their customary best, but haven't outdone themselves as the other two performers did.  Kevin Spacey acts like himself, as usual, and the Pacino character's diatribe toward him seems particularly apposite.  This is one film that can't be missed.  Since first seeing it, I've become a David Mamet fanatic.
B00000HYXB|5.0|If you've never read the Silmarillion, you should do so before you listen to this album. And if you have read the Silmarillion, and you've never heard this album, then you need to buy it NOW! &quot;Nightfall in Middle-Earth&quot; is the perfect musical accompaniment to Tolkien's literary masterpiece. And perhaps the most perfect musical composition ever forged. NiME overflows with unbridled passion and sheer musical energy. &quot;Nightfall&quot; and &quot;The Curse of Feanor&quot; are classics in their own right. BG seamlessly blends together searing guitar leads, soaring vocal and guitar harmonies, unprecedented drum pyrotechnics, a choir, and plenty of acoustic guitars, flutes, keyboards, and even a grand piano! The end result is an awe-inspiring musical journey into Tolkien's grand imagination. Seriously though, mere words cannot describe the sheer brilliance of this album. It is an absolute masterpiece and classic in all it's facets, and ANY collection is incomplete without it.
B00004XONN|1.0|Horrible.  Unlistenable. Utter trash.  If I put nonsensical, irritating sounds on a CD and said it was by Radiohead people would buy it like they are buying this album.  And the good reviews? Bad taste and wanting strongly to believe that this music is good.  Its like those comedy skits of people in an art gallery looking at a pure red canvas or a canvas with paint splotches by a three year old and discussing how brilliant it is.  This CD is a joke.
B00003CWOL|5.0|If you didn't think this movie was funny, you a)Are too close-minded to understand what Kevin Smith was trying to say in the movie, or b)haven't seen his other movies. If you did, you would have understood Jay and Silent Bob, you would have recognized the clerk that sold Bartleby and Loki the gun, you would have recognized Asriel, and many other little things like those, or c)didn't get it.<br />If you didn't think this movie was funny, you missed the point of it. It's a great movie, with great acting, great dialogue, even if it is F-word heavy, and lots of underlying meaning. If you watch this movie with no understanding of history or the Catholic religion, you won't get it. It's as simple as that. <br />Don't listen to those who tell you this movie is boring or stupid. They didn't get it. This movie does not target the stupid, nor does it target the elderly. If you fall under either of these categories, don't waste your time; you won't like this movie.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is an awsome movie and with all the extras that are included with the Ultimate Edition the movie is even better. SWEET. Buy it. It is awsome.
0679879269|5.0|Yes, this book is a worthy ending to the series, and well worth the long wait. For the longest time I was actually afraid that this book would be a disappointment, since the Subtle Knife seemed to be floating around in terms of plot. This book, however, was done beautifully. It is not the best thing ever, but it's good.<br />But, one of my only problems is the sudden change of heart for Mrs. Coulter. It's still beyond me to see how someone as thouroughly disgusting as her can suddenly begin *caring* about her child overnight. Oh well. At least we know that because of her, Lyra wants to have kids and take care of them well.<br />The span of the story was quite entertaining too. (By that, I mean the number of worlds it was set in.) I especially enjoyed the mulefa, though I had the most insanely difficult time imagining how their claws worked. The other new additions to the plot, the Gallivespians and the new angels, are also entertaining, though absurdly annoying at first. <br />And, personally, I thought the Land of the Dead was, well, scary. If that was how death was forever, I'd try to live every moment of my life. The whole concept of death being spent in an eternal wasteland is simply horrible. At the end of that arc, I laughed aloud, happily. I really did. The resolution of that portion of the story was so insanely wonderful that you just have to feel good for the dead. The idea of being freely distributed and happy in the living world of the mulefa is much more welcome, even if you may not be consious. (Then again, if you have no consious thought, are you human? Did you exist if nothing remains? Sort of like how your memories can't be real since they're happening now, so they may not of happened before... Waaaait, let's not start that now. *slaps self*) It is almost comforting to know that their souls will become dissolved to seach out portions of those who they knew and loved. Especially when considering the ending.<br />Ah, the ending, well... I suppose it isgood to see the heros not get everything they want, I agree. However, this ending was so incredibly bittersweet, especially since I can relate to it, almost painfully so. Anime fans will understand me when I tell them that this is the same brand of bittersweet that the ending of Escaflowne was. Through the whole book you see Lyra and Will clumsily bumping together like children who've fallen in love but don't realize it yet. All of the observers can see how they feel by how they treat eachother, only those two are oblivious. The ending was so insanely bittersweet as a result, especially since at this point Pullman has so effectively written his characters that you do feel for them. Or else I'm just weird and nobody else was bothered by the ending... (I can relate to it because I'm trying to maintain a relationship with the most wonderful person in the world... who is two thousand miles away. The ending shook me up for a little bit.) Personally, I'd be happier if the &quot;not get everything they want&quot; involved some major character dying (other than those two), instead of something like what really happened.<br />Still, this book is a great buy. Check it out if you have the time - it's wonderful. Well worth your money. Go. Buy. Read. Go on.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|Great movie, but one of the BEST lines from the theatre and VHS version of Last of the Mohicans is: &quot;Do not try to understand them and do not make them understand you for they are a breed apart and do not make sense.&quot; We got the director's cut DVD and although it has the great &quot;big message&quot; ending, it is missing the above line (and from what I understand, also others).<br />In summary, video quality was good for us but the scenes are jumpy and the audio pretty bad.<br />DVD version not worth the purchase. Stick with the VHS version
0393312836|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  It is definitely not for the easily offended, especially the first thirty or forty pages, which include beatings, rapings, and robberies, all done without any guilt felt by the criminals.  But if you can get past this, then you will see that this is almost a perfect book.  It's central theme, which is that it is better to have the choice to act immorally and to do so than it is to act morally without choice, is weaved masterfully throughout the entire novel.  I also loved the invented &quot;nadsat&quot; slang that is used by Alex and his friends.  I reccomend that you go online and download the nadsat translator or print out the fifteen pages of definitions from your computer-- this helped me immensely.  This really is one of the best books I have read, and I would reccomend it to anyone with an open mind.
B000001EUP|5.0|I remember when this came out in 1982 and what a fantastic album it was and still is as a matter of fact.  The Scorpions have a distinctive Rock sound that makes it great to listen to and every song on this album showcases their talent.  From &quot;Cant Live Without You&quot; &quot;NoOne Like You&quot; each and every song absolutely rocks.  The guitar playing is outstanding and the lead singer has that unique voice that you cant help but remember long afterwards.  I recently purchased the re-issue and am still impressed with the Scorpions.  Highly Recommended.
0062502182|2.0|When I finally read this book (after so many of my friends telling me how great it is), I was disappointed: it is nothing but cheap literature with cheap philosophy. I understood, however, why so many people enjoyed it. It's because it speaks about finding your own way in life and avoiding failure. And everybody loved &quot;The Alchemist&quot; because they would have wanted to be like the boy in the book who finds his way and succeeds in life. Unfortunately, most people didn't succeed in life. However, they like to imagine how it would have been if they would have succeeded and that's why they loved &quot;The Alchemist&quot;. I believe that a person who succeeded in life knows that things aren't as simple as Coelho says they are. And such a person knows the difference between cheap literature and real books.
B000002OG8|5.0|This is the WA album for neophyte listeners and veteran fans alike. The seminal period of the band is exemplified here with glory and economy. The band's discography is extensive and most discs are at least worth owning and at best indispensible, like Argus. The album is the fundamental signpost the points the way down the WA path of lyrical twin-guitar rock and roll sans posturing and glitz. The tracks flow together like a finely-conceived and honed concept album although I'm not sure the band planned it that way. Martin Turner's unique clear voice does excellent justice to the mystical and thoughtful lyrics while the dramatic musical passages support him with an other-worldly beauty unique to pop music. Does this review sound breathless and adoring? Listen to this disc and see for yourself. I'm a cynic about the pop music establishment but I know a masterpiece when I hear one. Start here and progress through the many permutations of this hard-working and thoughtful band if you will. I doubt you will regret it.
B00004XONN|5.0|I'll confess to some preliminary skepticism when hearing the numerous &quot;can they do it again?&quot; queries in regards to Radiohead's latest, the follow-up to its masterpiece &quot;OK Computer.&quot; What a relief to see that such great expectations were not in vain.<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; is a sonic masterpiece that carries the listener into a cold, bleak quiet landscape not unlike that depicted on the cover. Taking to heart McLuhan's admonition that &quot;the media is the message,&quot; the band masks Thom Yorke's often incomprehensible vocals behind hypnotic beats and instrumentation. No lyric sheets are provided with the album, and it quickly becomes clear why.<br />Be assured, you will have to listen to this album more than once, and in its entirety. In a world full of short attention spans and the almighty &quot;single&quot;, it's refreshing to have an album that demands (albeit quietly) nothing less than your utmost attention...and provides such a vast reward.
B00000AFFI|5.0|for how lame it may sound, this is by far one of my favourite albums. it makes my fingers rustle and knock on wood, makes me shudder every time she sings her pretty 's'. even though a lied.esque motif is, in my opinion, quite noticeable thru the whole album, I must say that every song can stand unique and clean, on its tips. there's no doubt that our peej.'s talent is a ring of beauty and moistness, her voice ever so rusty and cream, never deceiving, not when she whistles/whisper neither when she shouts and shrieks. it's heaven, guys. but not as we knew it.
B00004TLMC|1.0|This was a BAD movie.  Not only was it boring, it also gave you no emotional connection to its characters.  The main revelation seems to be that, (NEWS FLASH!) women think about sex, too.  I was especially saddened that the conclusions the couple reached after their mutual mistakes were that 1) the word &quot;forever&quot; made the wife nervous and 2) they needed to go home right away and ...s.  And this in the midst of a crowded department store while taking their young daughter Christmas shopping.  Wow!  That's romantic!  Talk about the love of a lifetime!  I'm sorry that Tom and Nicole wasted so much time and effort for so little reward.
0808524445|5.0|This is simply (actually, not so simply) the best beginning book ever for reading aloud!<br />Children learn to read by first hearing adults read aloud to them.  The funnier and more memorable the story, the faster the child learns.  In this outstanding book, Dr. Seuss has created delightfully convoluted tongue-twisters to engage enormous laughter, combined with lots of learning.  You'll have a ball reading this book out loud, and hearing your child read it with you.  Such experiences are great bases for building emotional support and comfort for your child, and establishing a lifelong closeness with your child.<br />What is absolutely brilliant about the book is that it creates forgiveness for any errors that occur.  Mr. Knox, the person who cannot easily say the tongue-twisters, is the hero of the story.  This, too, encourages learning.  We are expected to mis-say these sentences.  Reprieved by Dr. Seuss from the sentence of perfection, we go ahead with more confidence into our laughter.<br />Here's you first warning: &quot;This is a book you READ ALOUD to find out how smart your tongue is.  The first time you read it, don't go fast!  This Fox is a tricky fox.  He'll try to get your tongue in trouble.&quot;  Notice, that since only your tongue can get into trouble, you as a person are safe.  What a wonderful, loving way to encourage your child!<br />Your tongue also gets sympathy at the end.  &quot;How is your Tongue Numb?&quot;<br />Everybody can handle the first page. &quot;Fox  Socks  Box  Knox&quot; But it gets harder, &quot;They call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle.&quot;<br />Mr. Fox is good at coming up with challenges.  Mr. Knox is quickly overwhelmed, and Mr. Fox comes up with a harder one each time despite agreeing to come up with an easier one.<br />But Mr. Knox comes out on top in the end.  &quot;When a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetle battles with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle-eating poodle, THIS is what they call . . . a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled muddled duddled fuddled muddled fox in sox, sir!&quot;<br />After memorization is quite far along, you can have races and time how long it takes to read the book.  Children love to be timed doing things and take great pleasure in their progress.  I suggest that you not race yourself, for that might discourage a child who goes more slowly than you do.<br />You can also use these sentences to point out how word order affects meaning.  There are many advanced grammar lessons in this material, that will help you child write better.<br />In typical Dr. Seuss fashion, though, the drawings are the best part.  You will see more complex, amalgamated images than you can possibly imagine, and each one visually reinforces the importance of word sequencing.<br />Having been challenged by this convoluted cove of cavernous cacophony, it will eventually occur to your child that reading such siblilant spoutings of stirruped stentorian sounds . . . is most easily done silently.  So the learning to read process will naturally progress from the book's content.  Yet, the silent reading will be predictably punctuated with great gales of laughter, built from the experience of reading the book aloud with you.  You'll smile when you hear the familiar laughs.<br />As you can see, this is not so simply a brilliant book.  It will provide your family with endless fun and learning.<br />After you have finished mastering this book aloud, I suggest that you and your child write your own version.  You'll have even more fun with that one.poodle, THIS is what they call . . . a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled muddled duddled fuddled muddled fox in sox, sir!&quot; <br />After memorization is quite far along, you can have races and time how long it takes to read the book.  Children love to be timed doing things and take great pleasure in their progress.  I suggest that you not race yourself, for that might discourage a child who goes more slowly than you do.<br />You can also use these sentences to point out how word order affects meaning.  There are many advanced grammar lessons in this material, that will help you child write better.  <br />In typical Dr. Seuss fashion, though, the drawings are the best part.  You will see more complex, amalgamated images than you can possibly imagine, and each one visually reinforces the importance of word sequencing.<br />Having been challenged by this convoluted cove of cavernous cacophony, it will eventually occur to your child that reading such siblilant spoutings of stirruped stentorian sounds . . . is most easily done silently.  So the learning to read process will naturally progress from the book's content.  Yet, the silent reading will be predictably punctuated with great gales of laughter, built from the experience of reading the book aloud with you.  You'll smile when you hear the familiar laughs.<br />As you can see, this is not so simply a brilliant book.  It will provide your family with endless fun and learning.  <br />After you have finished mastering this book aloud, I suggest that you and your child write your own version.  You'll have even more fun with that one.<br />
0679879269|5.0|After reading Northern Lights (known in the USA as The Golden Compass) in 1995, and The Subtle Knife in 1997 (both on the days they came out), and after 3 rather abrupt letters to the author himself, I have been breathlessly awaiting the arrival of book 3, and it has lived up to speculation. I cried so many times throughout this book, and was up till 5am reading it. Never have I read a better series than His Dark Materials, and I doubt I ever will. I love the mulefa, I love the wheel-pods, I love everything about this book, as I loved everything about the earlier two. Philip Pullman is a creative genious, and Amber Spyglass is, in my opinion, the most magnificent book of all time. As I live in the UK, I paid $57 to get this book from the USA, and it was well worth all those hours of work I had to do in order to raise the money. In book three, Philip Pullman combines all the spectacular events of the previous books, and his writing skill is as amazing as ever. Perhaps some will find this book blasphemous, I don't know - all I know is that this book surely deserves to go down as the greatest book in history, far superior to the childish-humour of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter books. In book three, Lyra and Will come together once more, and with the magnificence of Philip Pullman's writing, and the wonderful plot, this book will make you long to kill Philip Pullman, when you discover there shall be no more of Lyra's adventures. Book one was amazing, Book two left me awestruck, and Book three made me realise just how good Philip Pullman can be. This is the author at his best - nothing can compare with the sheer magnitude of Amber Spyglass, and I hope beyond hope, that Philip Pullman will continue to enlighten this world with books as good as Amber Spyglass. I feel unable to read anything else now, knowing that nothing could compare with the book I finished at 5am this morning. Every part of this book is superb, and though I wanted to kill Philip Pullman after the ending,I longed to kill him more after what he named the title of Chapter 19, and then he put it at the front of the book, where we'd read it too :-) As someone once said, Philip Pullman should be chained to his keyboard for another book, and I can only wait in wonder, to see what this amazing author will create next. As Philip Pullman once said, &quot;We don't need lists of rights and wrongs, tables of do's and don'ts. We need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever.&quot; And in my bookshelf, Lyra's story will live forever too, until the time comes when I feel able to re-read this masterpiece, and maybe then, there shall be less tears than the first time, though I doubt it very much. Sophie Anne Stott - Founder of the Philip Pullman fan club - Oxford
0553573411|5.0|This was the first time that I had read a book by a female author being the prejudice male that I am. For a debut trilogy in my favorite genre you have to blow my socks off, and she has. Assassin's Apprentice was great and introduced loveable characters that I could care for and follow their misadventures with an open heart. Royal Assassin was not only bigger but better. I thought that Regal would have taken a back seat to the Red Ship Raiders, I was wrong there. I thought that Molly would eventually wed Fitz, I was wrong again. So much has happened with Fitz over the cource of a few books that I thought I wouldn't be able to put the book down for fear of missing something. I finished the last half of the book just a few days ago and felt completely emmersed in the Six Duchees. I couldn't turn on the television afterwards without thinking of what is going to happen to in Assassin's Quest.  Robin Hobb is totally different from conventional authors like Robert Jordan and Terry Goodkind in that she has a way of keeping you alert on every page without having to spread the good stuff thinly over 1000 pages. The Farseer trilogy will sit on my 'favorite books' shelf for years to come...and I'm not even done with the story yet.
0399146253|4.0|This is a direct continuation of BLACK NOTICE. Entire time period covered by both books is only about six weeks. After all the media hype about the relationship between LAST PRECINCT and the Jamestown Excavation, I was a bit dissapointed that the historical excavation played only a minor part in the story. Am already looking forward to the next book with Scarpetta in her new career and would enjoy another book in Cornwell's other series as well.
B00004SC3M|4.0|I apologize, this is probably nothing more than a &quot;3-star&quot; (or even two!) movie in the traditional sense.  However, Catherine Zeta-Jones has emerged as the brunette version of positively and literally the most beautiful and majestic woman to ever grace the legendary Hollywood screen: Princess Grace Kelly. The presence and charisma of Sean Connery, of course, has always  transformed mediocre films into true spectacles.  Now, delicately introduce the tender and multi-talented Zeta-Jones, and you enjoy a relationship that combines the eloquence of James Stewart and Donna Reed (&quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot;) with the mesmorizing qualities of Elvis Presley and Ann Margaret (&quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot;).  At this point, if you can possibly manage to persuade your brain to overlook some far fetched and perhaps ill conceived plot twists, you're probably ready for the home stretch: A razzle dazzle conclusion with gut wrenching suspense and cool special effects.  There is something sleek and silky smooth about this DVD production and its main characters that defies description. If you seem to like what you're hearing (and seeing) so far, trust me: This special DVD version is worth its weight in gold.  But for heavens sake, what's up with &quot;Suave Sean&quot; slurring his &quot;s&quot; words and butchering the &quot;r&quot; sounds??     A few quick speech therapy sessions to address this mild regression, and I'd be tempted to give the sequel &quot;five stars&quot; (but only if Connery keeps his partner in crime who is also a highly romantic companion)!
B00004Y62T|5.0|Here is one of Hoolywood's great motion pictures.  It's hard to believe that such intelligence and sensitivity could come out of Hollywood these days.  Matt Damon is exceptional, as are the other actors.  The photography is splendid, the music gorgeous and authentic.  The script should be award-winning.  Don't miss this film.
B00004XONN|1.0|First off, if you really want to listen to really accomplished and exceptional complex and textured music, look elsewhere: Frank Zappa and the Mothers, Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band, The Residents, Syd Barret-era Floyd, and even Ornette Coleman, Edgard Varese, Jean-Luc Ponty, and Igor stravinsky did this schtick better, MUCH BETTER than Thom Yorke and Co... Why &quot;better&quot;? Well, for starters, those artists were largely underappreciated and/or under-commercialized at the time, and henceforth were much more artistically pure and honest. Radiohead, for all their claims to the contrary, seem to LOVE being in the spotlight of the worldwide music media and seem to constantly being driven to make music which will get people to calling them &quot;like, duh, musical geniuses or something...&quot; This record has: NO substance, NO originality (tired Kraftwerk beats and Coleman-lite horn riffs...???), NO original message to tell (WHAT are they trying to state? that art and/or music is ethereal or subjective or meaningless?!?!? EXCUSE ME, I think Marcel Proust, James Joyce, Charles Bukowski, the Dadaists, Bunuel, Zappa, Varese, The Residents and Brian Eno said this WAY BEFORE and FAR BETTER than platinum-selling Radiohead!!). I used to adore Radiohead... I still think they're great musicians, but they peak when playing challenging, layered ROCK 'N ROLL, 'cause they ARE A ROCK 'N ROLL BAND!! I guess the moronization of Western culture IS underway... it needs people to pigeon-hole: Marilyn Manson is &quot;the rebel&quot;, Fred Durst is &quot;the spokesman for his generation&quot; (HAA!!), and Radiohead are &quot;the musical visionaries&quot;... Meanwhile, the REAL,genuine, unhyped, untainted, and honest Art is being made and HAS been made by people the Top-40, TRL MORONS have never even heard of... I pity Radiohead for having become part of the Carson Daly posse.
B00004SU5J|4.0|I bought this CD on the recomendation of a friend whose judment I trust. While I like jazz, I especially like it when it grooves.  This recording  certainly grooves.  Things get really moving with &quot;So Flute.&quot;  The groove continues with &quot;Land Of&quot; which is indicative of many albums that Blue Note has turned out recently.  &quot;Latin Note&quot; is great.  It has some wonderful vibes played over a very catchy latin percussion beat.  &quot;Sure Thing&quot; begins with a straight-ahead blues riff but it's not long before a driving bass kicks in setting the mood for a great jam.<br />Take it from me.  If you love jazz, blues or a good groove, this recording is for you.
0783226888|5.0|Sure this movie doesn't fill itself with shoot 'em up, bang 'em up action like you might think.. but it's still one of the best ever made.  Each character was developed well and the story was developed in a way that kept you interested throughout the picture.  The only time you see action is when there needs to be action.  The scenes were crafted in a way that they should have been.  Granted a couple of them were far fetched.  An example would be when gere sees willis at the docks..  It would be a million to one chance that that situation would happen realisticly.  But, as i said, those types of scenes were few and far between.<br />Anyway, if you are looking for a great action flick with an actual plot that is interesting and has humor,  then get this movie.
B00004XONN|4.0|Okay.  Finally, after about 25 listens, I'm starting to get it.  At first I thought, &quot;What the hell is this&quot;.  Uneasy is what it is.  However, I would never want Radiohead to become stagnant and make 10 more OK Computer albums.  I do like that they constantly try new things.  This is definately a new path for them.  I think they may have made a wrong turn somewhere in Denver and ended up in Dallas with this album.  There are several songs on the album that have finally sunk into my brain.  Some that I need to have surgically removed.  I will agree with what an earlier fan said about &quot;If this were another group, you'd want your money back, but since it's Radiohead you'll accept it.&quot;  I have been trying my hardest to get to like it because it's Radiohead and it's been hard but I think I might just be getting close.  This version of &quot;How to Disappear&quot; is incredible.  I also am starting to really dig the song Kid A.  As a whole, this album is very good.  Like Twin Peaks, it makes you think.  You can't just have it on as background music.  It demands attention.  I like that from music.  Especially with the X!#$@#P that is played on the radio these days.  The awkward feel of this album doesn't disturb me half as much as hearing the same teen groups for the 100000000th time.  I'm so glad that bands like this exist in today's world.  Radiohead should keep making music for themselves first and leave it up to us to understand as opposed to the opposite.  Creative freedom is, and should be, a way of life for everyone.  Not everyone will understand this album, and that's okay.  Be glad that the envelope has been pushed.  By a mack truck in this case.<br />To the people who have not heard this album yet and are planning to buy it - listen to it first cuz you definately are in for the un-ordinary with this piece.
B000002549|5.0|You'll never find a more peaceful collection. It's almost like listening to the waves crashing ashore (in slow motion). Barbra hasn't the range of a classical diva nor does she attempt to go places she knows she cannot. But rather offers an hour of morning meditation, some afternoon calm or an evening prayer of thanks. This is one of those Cd's I've passed on to many friends, with much appreciation. &quot;Higher Ground&quot; would have been an appropriate title for this LP when it was released. Nothing so beautiful as when the earthly and the ethereal slow dance deep into the night. That's where this Cd takes you. Enjoy.  ps: thanks Barbra for the endless pleasure of your voice
B000006OS2|1.0|I purchased the DVD of McLintock about two months ago.  I wish I'd read the other reviews here on Amazon.com before I did.  This movie is one of my favorite John Wayne films.  The other DVD's in my collection have been played many times.  The picture and sound quality of the DVD version of McLintock was so poor that I could barely stand the first viewing.  I was very disappointed.<br />Needless to say I wish I could return it, but it has been longer than 30 days.  I wasn't fast enough.  I guess I'll just hold onto it for use as a &quot;Frisbee&quot; disc.  Save your money.  DON'T BUY THIS DVD.<br />I hope the &quot;Official&quot; release of this film happens soon.  I'd love to add this title to my collection.
B00004XONN|5.0|Okay.  I'm not a Radiohead fan.  I once thought that, on the basis of &quot;Creep&quot; alone, they ought to be quietly retired and sent back to whatever middle-England hellhole they emerged from.  They then produced a slew of whiny, wrist-slitting anthems that were tuneful enough but hardly music for grown-up people.  I began to warm to them when people kept playing bits of &quot;OK Computer&quot; to me, because it reminded me pleasantly of early 70s King Crimson.  <br />The point being, the hoo-ha about this band is ridiculous.  It has been generated by music journalists, who as we all know have ears of tin and the memories of goldfish and who are corporate bottom-feeders to a man and woman.  The only reason for any kind of musical operation is to make music, and this is something that Radiohead have gradually proven to be very good at.  The fewer bedsit anthems they turn out, the better I like them.  I had heard that this album was twiddly and unlistenable, but you can't frighten me off with that kind of talk; I like Henry Cow, for God's sake.<br />Kid A is truly a great album for the 21st century.  Apart from the fact that it's only &quot;difficult&quot; for those that want a better class of karaoke, it's lush with music and it kicks a fair amount of rock arse, which is what you want from a supposed rock band.  Not nearly as radical as the band appears to believe (but who cares what they think?), it gallops off in every direction at once and is all the classier for it.  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is of course one of the more chaotically brassy funk-rock works-out of all time.  &quot;Optimistic&quot; is pretty much the Radiohead of old, but rawer and more astringent and less generally wimpy.  Much of the rest of it will not be off-putting to those who know their Eno and their musique concrete.  <br />Radiohead have grown ears.  It sounds like they're beginning to make music to listen to, not music to have a lifestyle to.  This may not have been what a lot ofpeople wanted, but who cares when you have music this abstractly seductive?  More power to them.  I hope they have more of this stuff in them because otherwise there are few other bands around with this kind of imagination, this kind of power and this kind of uninterest in what the market thinks it wants.  (The market got its sweet revenge on the band by introducing the album at the top of the UK charts.)  <br />This is music.  This is not a fashion accessory.  Some of us still prefer the former to the latter.
6305263248|4.0|&quot;An Anti-Action, anti-formula movie&quot; was my initial choice for a tag line for this review...but I wanted something more enticing! If you´ve gotten this far, you´re probably looking for a little clarification. Here it is:<br />It is indeed rare to encounter a truly original element in any movie. Much rarer still, is to have such originality overlooked completely by the viewing public. When this occurs, it really upsets me. RONIN offers us just such an unheralded moment of cinematic history!<br />Initially curious to see what percent of Amazon reviewers had commented on the totally unique and unprecedented selection of a female driver, in what is, undoubtedly,the most REALISTIC cinema chase sequence of the past 20 years, systematically, I began scouring the reviews. What I discovered has not ceased to amaze me! I would like to share the results with you, and let you gauge your own reaction.<br />Out of the 212 reviews that were posted at the time, I carefully went over 70 of them! (About 1/3) Only ONE reviewer used a name clearly belonging to woman. Unfortunately, she restricted herself to only 15 or 20 words, so she really didn´t end up saying much of anything! (Of course, there were perhaps 7 or 8 anonymous reviews.)<br />Of the 70 reviews, 50, or more, made reference to the chase scene .(Between 80 &amp; 90 percent of those comments were basically positive.<br />Although Robert De Niro and Jean Reno were the only two actors in the film who definitely had more on-screen time than Natascha McElhone,(Dierdre, the chase car driver from HELL!)close to 20 reviewers commented on other actors, whose on-screen time wasn´t half that of hers. Only 6 or 7 chose to mention her at all! Probably, more reviewers sited Katarina Witt´s 3 or 4 minute cameo spot! (Of course, she was much more scantily clad than Ms. McElhone!)<br />Finally, out of 50, or so, who did talk about the chase scenes, ONLY ONE linked McElhone to them directly! Amazingly, paraphrasing here the reviewer´s words, &quot;The car chase scenes are very authentic. (Except that Natascha McElhone looks like she has never driven fast in her life!)&quot; Well, all I can say is, after having screened the scene at least a dozen times, it seems to me that this reviewer was watching a different RONIN!<br />Some might argue that THELMA &amp; LOUISE had car chases. These were all together different, because the movie revolved entirely around its title characters. In RONIN, nobody seems to make a big deal out of the fact, and it is actually Dierdre´s boss who pointedly barks at her, &quot;YOU DRIVE!&quot;<br />Is there a lesson to be learned here? Apparently, all this tends to bear out the title of this review...&quot;Clothed women in Action films are invisible to male viewers!&quot; Sad, because RONIN has a lot more to offer than just the chase scenes. It pays yet another subtle tribute to the prowess of women, when an ex-East German operative (Stellan Skarsgaerd) says, &quot;I´ve hired the very best sniper assassin...She never misses!&quot; <br />More than anything else, RONIN provides an utterly believable inside-track on the post-Cold War mercenary and the shadowy, detached world he inhabits, reminiscent of the insider´s glimpse of real-world spies offered in the classic, The SPY WHO CAME IN FROM THE COLD.<br />If it´s John Woo style Action films that make your day...You´ll probably find RONIN much too realistic, too cerebral, too noir and too explosionless for your tastes! On the other hand, if you like your Action movies well grounded in reality, RONIN is a near classic, anti-action, anti-formula film, with a most refreshing European aftertaste, that you will find quite engrossing and enjoyable!
B000002UWW|5.0|Red Hot Chili Peppers rock!! This is one of their great albums. The best songs on this album is &quot;Higher Ground&quot;, &quot;Behind The Sun&quot;, &quot;Fire&quot;, &quot;Knock Me Down&quot;, &quot;Me &amp; My Friends&quot;, &quot;UNDER THE BRIDGE&quot; and &quot;Show Mw Your Soul&quot;. 5 stars.
B000002JSJ|5.0|The honeymoon was over.  The girls in LA weren't as carefree.  The boys were becoming more mature and childish ransacking was a thing of the past.  Plant had been in an extremely terrifying car wreck and was thrust into a reflective mood.  So here they are, four men in the twilight of their greatest achievement.  Page was deep into the heroin habit which sustained him for three-day marathons in the studio, yet left him a zombie afterwards.  They went into the studio and recorded deeply personal music in an extremely short time (they were on a tight time table) and it still is awesome as all the Zep music that came before it. &quot;Achilles&quot; rips with Jonesys roaring 8-string bass as its foundation along with Bonzo's drum orchestra.  Page's solo is one of his most amazing and brilliant, you can just picture him shooting up while cranking it out of his axe.  &quot;For Your Life&quot; is Plant's reflective look at the rock lifestyle with great blues guitar from Jimmy.  &quot;Royal Orleans&quot; offers up some more funk-blues as only Zep could do it.  &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; was chosen by Plant to be covered as its lyrics delved into the whole Zep &quot;pact with the devil&quot; deal, and again drumming, bass, and guitar as wonderfully brilliant.  &quot;Candy Store Rock&quot; has an authentic 50's flavor and Page offers up some great rockabilly guitar work.  &quot;Hots on For Nowhere&quot; has another kicking riff and the whole band is in top form musically, no matter how exhausted physically they were.  &quot;Tea For One&quot; is the ultimate slow, cranking, aching blues classic.  I can just picture a homesick, contemplative Plant sipping tea for one in a New York hotel.  Raw power and emotion go into this one.  Page's overlapping guitar lines bleed from the speakers.  Oooooh damn.  Buy this album for its hardcore rock/blues and you'll love it.  Check out Mahavishnu's first two albums too.
B000002UV1|5.0|Red Hot Chili Peppers rock!! This is one of their great albums. The best songs on this album is &quot;Higher Ground&quot;, &quot;Knock Me Down&quot; and &quot;Fire&quot;. 5 stars.
0446608955|2.0|Such a storyline isn't risky ground upon which to tread.  If you're looking for a good yarn; a book to warm your heart and nurture your spirit, this might be up your alley.  But Sparks, more than anything, succumbs to predictability in his writing: thematically, in plot design/execution and even in prose style.  A Walk to Remember is your usual story about the power of love, note the netwroks coiling for the pounce.  But the novel is bereft of reality specifically because of the sense of overly romantic fulfillment with which it ends.  Likewise, the storyline is ludicrously simple to predict, often falling upon the crutch of popular cliche.  The most venturesome move of the the novel is the raw verbal style with which Sparks opens, as if conversing directly with the reader.  This, however, degenerates quickly and falls into the venerable but commonplace narrative style that never degrades a book yet equally fails to bolster.  I respect Sparks the most for his ability to write well within his mold, supermarket fiction, lacking the monolithic style of Grisham or Crichton but running in stride with the similar but more succesful Steele.  Sparks is the poster-child relaxation writer.  If you havn't graced the pages of a novel in some time, ween yourself back in with this one.  If you don't wish to be provoked, read Sparks as well.  Lastly, if your looking for the American story; the uplifting but foolishly whimsy, grab this one the next time your in line to buy milk.
0784011710|5.0|Sophie's Choice is a wonderful film, and one of the most tragic stories I've ever heard. Meryl Streep gives a great performance as Sophie, and Kevin Kline and Peter MacNicol are wonderful in supporting roles. Perhaps one of the best movies I've ever seen, and as important for everyone to see. It will break your heart.
B000002W9Q|5.0|If you enjoyed the movie Dirty Dancing, you will love the soundtrack.  This cd is one that can change your mood with just a minute of listening.  If you are not having a very upbeat day and you listen to any of the songs found on this cd you will often find yourself tapping your feet or snapping you fingers to the beat.  Each of the songs have a different tempo, and each one can meet the mood you are in.  The musical style also varies from song to song.  Personally, I love this soundtrack and it is one that i play a lot.  Everyone I have recommended this cd to also finds it very enjoyable.  The songs are not &quot;hard rock&quot; but yet the are not &quot;classical&quot;.  It has a variety of all time good songs.  If you are looking for a cd that can put you in an upbeat mood instantly, go get Dirty Dancing.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is the best rapper he speaks it as it is most of the time what makes his music better is his violence and his cursing.
6303303463|5.0|Perhaps this is the number one best live rock video you can buy. It's queen in their last live tour at a place that loves and appreciates them the most. <br />Some of the reviews are just too picky. One person even suggested this isn't an actual live video. Huh? What else is it? Sure not all of queen's 2 1/2 hour concert is here, the video is about 75 minutes but all 75 minutes is live footage from that concert. One can argue some with the song selection, something else instead of tutti frutti for example but most of the show is fantastic and contains stuff from most of their albums over the previous 15 years. The band hits the stage running just before sundown with &quot;one vision&quot; and &quot;tie your mother down&quot;. Then comes an onslaught of hits and favorites and freddie has total control of the crowd. Rarely can you see a concert where the audience of that size is so close and intimate with a band. The band itself plays a tight, inspired self assured concert. Seasoned pros at their best playing before long time friends. Definitely a special moment and who would have guessed that just 5 years later freddie would be gone and queen would be no more. <br />Everyone should own this video!<br />................socks
0767019954|5.0|It would be hard for a movie to do justice to Thackeray's wonderful novel VANITY FAIR, but it is clear that this awesome 5 hour version is every bit as good.  I bought the whole set of tapes as soon as I heard they were coming out, and love them.  Every time I watch them, I get so involved in the characters that I can't wait to watch the next episode.  I always laugh at the broad, witty comedy that brings the film to life, and at other times I have to cry, for example the beautiful scene when Dobbin finally admits to Amelia that he is in love with her, or when Amelia has to send her son to go live with his grandfather because she is too poor to take care of him...The film is excellently done, with lavish sets and costumes.  I find all of the actors to be wonderful, Natasha Little in particular plays the tricky role of Becky to the hilt, so that we are simultaneously rooting for her and wishing she'll get what's coming to her.  Little finds the right mixture of sympathy and wickedness to capture Becky.  Also, Miriam Margolyes is absolutely hysterical as the outspoken Miss Crawley, constantly laughing, eating, gossipping, flirting, moaning about her aches and pains, talking with her mouth full, and stabbing her friends in the back--she's like Becky, minus the table manners.  Many peole have complained about the musical score, but I think it was incredible.  The use of mainly brass instruments is superb, and the horns blare with an evil charm just at the right moments.  They are just the right touch, adding to the movie's boldness.  The only thing that upset me was that in almost every shot, the heads of the main characters are always cut off--it's so annoying!  Luckily, the movie is so interesting that often we forget about it, but once you start noticing all the badly framed shots it becomes obsessive!  Also, the cinematography is grainy at times, especially in the darker scenes.  And I felt that the momentous confrontation between Becky, Rawdon, and Lord Steyne could have been better executed...but oh, well.  The rest is too good to complain about.  The film is charming, wicked, and very intelligent while still containing its dark moments such as Mr. Osborne insanely destroying every rememberance of his son, or a later scene when Osborne stares in desperation at his grandson with a mixture of sadness, loathing, and grief for his own dead son--it's just indescribable.  Obviously, it's difficult to watch the film unless you buy the whole set of tapes or borrow them from someone, but if you are interested in seeing it, it is well worth the money spent on the whole set of tapes.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|If you're one of the dwindling few who acknowledge movies and music as serious art, then you're going to need the &quot;Requiem&quot; soundtrack. Just as incredible as the film, this sountrack bleeds with passion. The highs give you enough energy to dance all night, the lows are low enough to make you want to hide in a dark hole forever. The techno is 21st century, the string arrangements you'd swear came right out of the classical period. The duality is striking and very effective. A rare gem that's all the better when you sit down and listen from beginning to end. Clint Mansell has done another amazing job (Pi is one of the coolest soundtracks to ever come out), every arrangement strikes a deeply emotional chord. If you like to take chances, have a sense of humor and don't care for the mediocrity and safety of mainstream music, check out Clint's now-defunct band, Pop Will Eat Itself. You will see that this musical genius did not come out of nowhere, he's been under our noses and between our sheets for quite some time now. Thanks Clint, can't wait for the next one!
6300214559|5.0|I have seen this movie several times.  This last Sept. I had the great honor of actually visiting the Castle Warwick in England where Queen Jane reined.  There in the history book of who has reined in the Castle from the 1200 to current is Jane and a short account of her rein.  Although I'm sure the storyline has been altered for this movie, it is true that King Edward did approve of her marriage to Dudley &amp; her father-in-law wanted her in power to be able to control the throne from Cathalithism.  I would recommend this movie to everyone if for nothing more than to tell you, YOU can make a difference if you stand up for what you believe.
B000006PDZ|5.0|The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari...what can i say?  this is just an awesome film...all the characters are very creepy, even the good guys, the plot is extremely twisted, and its just awesome...everyone knows of the twisted angles and contortions of the sets, and i thought that would be one of the things that would most catch my attention when i first saw it...but i think it was the odd look all the characters had that i really liked...Cesare the tall, gaunt, gothic spectacle, Jane, the beautiful girl in a confused world, Caligari, the insane Doctor with looks to match, and even the more straight-characters...but the best thing is the complete twist ending...id like to talk about that in this review, but then id spoil the movie, so if you want to see what im talking about, go see for yourself, its that simple!  All i gotta say is dont let the initial plot through you off
B00004T37H|2.0|This is the best anime movie I've ever seen, but DO NOT get the VHS!  The tape has Macro Vision.  It can mess up the screen.  The whole show, the top (and sometimes bottom) inch or so of the screen will be freaking out and it CAN'T be fixed with tracking.  You might also hear a lot of static.  It isn't as bad on the better quality VCRs, but this happens on all of them. Get the DVD!  It has language choices and subtitles, and(right now) is like $80 cheaper!
6303422020|4.0|&quot;Creepshow 2&quot; is a set of three mini series of silly and yet funny stories. First, my personal favourite, being &quot;The Raft&quot; is about four teenagers going swimming out in a lake. There is an oil slick in the water, and it is after them. I found &quot;the raft&quot; to be funny, silly, disgusting and scarey all at the same time. I dont know how people can actually use their great minds to think of the strange things in life. But &quot;The Raft&quot; is a must see episode and it is the first in the &quot;Creepshow 2&quot; video.<br />Secondly, is &quot;The Indian&quot;. I must admit this was my least favourite as it didnt have a real scarey theme to it. It is about two owners of a shop, in a real desserted town, business is doing very badly. They own an antique shop, in it is a big indian statue. Visitors come along and meet the business owners and kill them. The Indian comes to life and seeks revenge. A below average mini series of the &quot;creepshow 2&quot; video. This is why I gave the &quot;Creepshow 2&quot; video a rating of four stars.<br />Thirdly, is &quot;the Fireman&quot;, this one had me laughing cause it was very silly. It has a woman driving around at night, and she accidentally runs a fireman over, she feels bad about it, but speeds off nonetheless. The fireman becomes a living dead and will stop at nothing to ruin this ladies night. You have got to watch this one to figure it out. A Big Laugh, and creepy as well.<br />All in all, I give &quot;creepshow 2&quot; 4 stars. It is great, I highly recommend anyones viewing. It will have you laughing, scared, and really get you thinking. Thinking what would I do in that situation.<br />A DEFINITE CLASSIC with just a minor downfall &quot;the indian&quot;,
0679879269|5.0|The amber spyglass is truly a work of art. When I fininshed reading the golden compass and the amber spyglass, I thought there couldn't possibly be a way to end such a trilogy. But I was wrong.<br />The golden compass introduces Lyra and her dæmon pantalaimon; the main characters of the story. It also introduces the alethiometer and Dust: a mysterious substance that the church seems to be afraid of.<br />The subtle knife introduces another main character (an important one at that) Will Pary. The subtle knife is also brought into light. <br />In the amber spyglass, Lyra and Will travel to the land of the dead to see if they can rescue their long -lost friends. The true Mrs. Coulter shows through, and Dust is finally understood. Finally, Will and Lyra realise that they must part and complete their task of closing all the wounds in the universe made by the subtle knife. And so his dark materials ends, in a sad, but perfect way.
0425152251|4.0|What can I say, read it!  I found myself asking questions I had never even thought about before.  I recommend it to anyone with a curious mind, although it can get a little tedeous at times it's worth it in the end.
0679879269|5.0|...and it was worth the wait!<br />At the end of &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot; I didn't believe that Pullman could end the series and have it still make sense - everything was too complicated, there were too many questions, a million characters were scattered across several worlds, and no happy ending was in sight...  I thought bleak thoughts.  I dreaded some tired &quot;Deus ex Machina&quot; or similar device to bring all of the storylines together.  I dreaded this becoming another &quot;Otherland&quot; (no offense to the godly Tad Williams).  I dreaded..  ooOOOooh so much.<br />Pullman has changed my dread to joy.<br />I won't go into details here, but this is indeed one of the most inspired, original and thoroughly enjoyable series I've ever read.  Published as juvenile fiction and nearly as popular as the Harry Potter series, I still wonder how kids get through them.  I've had several long discussions with friends who have read these books (one of whom studies Old English texts)and the questions never end.  There's always a new connection to be made.<br />So, pick up this book and find out what becomes of Lyra, Will, Lord Asriel, Iorek, Mrs. Coulter (don't you just *hate* her?!?!) and Sarafina... you will not be disappointed.
B000007VCM|5.0|...this is it.  I first listened to this album 16 years ago, and I have listened to it endlessly.  I have a taped version, the original vinyl (not originally released on CD), and of course the CD.  Whoever said you can't wear out a CD should see my copy of this.  I had to buy another.  I have the other Cult albums, but this one stands head and sholders above the rest.
B00004T37H|5.0|My god, I don't even know where to begin when describing this movie.  Let me add my recommendation to the hundred others already here.  This movie is WONDERFUL, no matter who you are or what age you're at (with the exception of very young children).  This movie realizes the full potential of animation, plot, character, and atmosphere.  Tho' the dub isn't perfect (I recommend getting the DVD with the subtitles instead), it's much better than an average dub and cannot detract from the perfection of this movie.  Don't ask if you should see this movie -- just *see* it.  If you do, you will understand why so many people are awed by it.
B00004LN16|1.0|I have had enough of AC/DC.As a matter of fact, I have had enough of all rock music.I had to listen to this CD two times over,so i know what it sounds like.&quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is a senseless song,as with all AC/DC songs,ever since &quot;She Got Balls&quot; from the &quot;High Voltage&quot; Cd.And,all of the songs start out with the same sound,like they are scared to try something different.Brian Johnson can't sing,and the Angus brothers have really bad songwriting abilities.AC/DC NEEDS TO QUIT.
B000002OVJ|5.0|\\"Incredable outburst of creativity by Pete Townsend... play it loud, like real rock'n'roll must be played, or dont play it at all\\"
0790743507|5.0|Singin' in the Rain is a top notch classic musical, filled with great music &amp; performances. The most surprising &amp; suberb performance though would have to be Jean Hagen as Lina Lamont, whose annoyingly screechy voice &amp; snobiness earned her an Oscar nomination for 'Best Supporting Actress.'<br />The film is set in 1927, when silent movies rule, &amp; the romantic film duo of Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) &amp; Lina Lamont (Hagen) are the biggest stars there are. The two keep viewers in a fairy tale of romance in their films &amp; in their 'real romance,' but little do their fans know that their little romance is really just for publicity &amp; that Don can't stand the self centered Lina. <br />While driving to a party Don &amp; his best friend Cosmo Brown (Donald O'Conner), which is the pianoist on the set of Don's movies, recieve a flat tire. In the process of fixing it Lockwood is surronded by screaming fans &amp; in escape, Don happens to land in the car of Kathy Seldon (Debbie Reynolds.)Kathy, an aspiring young stage actress, tells off the actor &amp; Don does the same. <br />Kathy &amp; Don eventually fall in love causing jealousy with Lina when she finds of their romance &amp; that, while the studio is converting to talking pictures, Kathy is to dub Lina's voice in the upcoming Lockwood &amp; Lamont musical &quot;The Dancing Cavalier.&quot;   <br />The film features such memerable songs as &quot;Good Morning,&quot; &quot;The Broadway Melody,&quot; &amp; the title song.
0792845730|2.0|I disdain those critics who feel Paul Verhoeven's nihilistic &quot;Robocop&quot; is in effect NC-17 rated for violence. Come on, I didn't think the movie was very violent at all. Peter Weller's death scene in the beginning was only really offsetting because of its dark, confined setting. I didn't cringe at the sadism displayed by the villains that shot him. I felt their weird antics, especially ER's Paul Mccrane, were phony at best. If it hadn't been for its occasional overuse of four-letter words and gore in the later portions of the movie, this could've passed for a PG-13 rating. I felt bigoted by the MPAA's criticism of the film for its violence. I felt the most violent scenes weren't even worth a hard R-rating. I've seen tons of movies that were more violent. &quot;Robocop 2&quot; was a prime example, as was Verhoeven's subsequent &quot;Total Recall&quot;. &quot;Total Recall&quot; was alot more violent, but more importantly, more complex and visually interesting. Astounds me that there were far less controversy surrounding &quot;Total Recall&quot; than &quot;Robocop&quot;.   Violence aside, the movie was pretty cheesy and dated. I fell asleep halfway through. The movie was basically a retread of better sci-fi action and satire thrillers. The news broadcasters were particularly annoying. They occured so at intervals that they diminished any impact I had for the movie. Another nuisance was not ascertaining to a full extent whether or not Murphy as Robocop retained his identity in the end after dispatching the creeps who murdered him in the beginning. They were led by Kurtwood Smith. I felt his performance was too over-the-top and caricatured. In &quot;Total Recall&quot;, Michael Ironside's villain seemed more genuine and less annoying. At least he evoked a little sympathy, especially those scenes after Arnold Schwarzenegger's character shot wife Sharon Stone, whom Ironside's character had amorous feelings. In &quot;Robocop&quot;, Smith's character was just plain and simply sadistic and near agony to watch.   Overall, &quot;Robocop&quot; is an OK sci-fi opus, but with dated fx and violence definitely tamed by contemporary standards. I just don't find &quot;Robocop&quot; that violent. Most of my friends would agree.
6305537798|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time! I have watched it hundreds of times. It is totally awesome! it is totally worth buying!
B000002LQR|5.0|Where do I start, this album is packed with great song after great song. Each song is different and wild. &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; is such a personal song and people are drawn to personal experience. How can a group release 17 songs that are so unique and great? The Red Hot Chili Peppers are very wild and off-the-hook, so beware. If you have an open mind and you want to experience some amazing music, pick up &quot;Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magic&quot;. This is the kind of album that I find myself listening to over and over again. Weird is cool and RHCP are insane,but hey, they are from Los Angeles.
6305320802|5.0|Having for years only knowing this classic through a pan-and-scanned version from the Cinemascope negative, I couldn't believe how beautiful it looked with the grain and murk cleared away.  With its livelier performances and better lighting, its like seeing the film for the first time.  Watch them end up making a scanned version of this for television!  Its always interesting when AMC broadcasts both versions on the same day.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is one of my favorite albums period. Pink Floyd is so unique and this album sets them apart forever! You are not a music fan unless you have heard this masterpiece. Run out right now, find this album, pop it in, sit back and enjoy!
B0000019HU|5.0|although it might be easier to describe all the great bands that this band spawned, this album still shouldn't be ignored. each song is quite long, the majority of which start offf pretty slow and then build slowly to the high point of the song, leaving you either with a hard twist or slowly buiding back down to the original volume level. good vocals, very good lyrics, and sculpted instrumental sounds are the high points of this cd. a great cd to start with if you think you might want to build up to something like tortoise, isotope 217, or godspeed you black emperor, but also a good cd to move back to if you started with some of those bands and would like to hear where so much of it began. it should also be noted that all of slint's albums are pretty different, so even if you didn't really like the other two albums (which is hard to believe), this album would still be well worth a listen.
B000002MTU|5.0|Growing up in the &quot;Windy City&quot;, the Blues clubs are everywhere, but I really wasn't that familiar with them. I am a Clapton fan and decided to pick up this CD and give it a try. What an amazing genre of music! Any music fan will be curious to hear more of the Blues after listening to this great album. Rock was spawned from the Blues. Listen to, &quot;From the Cradle, you will not regret it.
B00000I8NC|5.0|the first track builds very slowly, ending up with some brilliant guitar work toward the end of the song as it rushes through the last couple minutes. at one point, it even sounds as though the combination of instruments is too intense and moving too fast, but that is the brilliance of the first song. the second track hinges around a fairly aggravated man talking about his issues with the government and with modern society in general. he makes some pretty good points, although his place in the song is not really what i want to focus on. the high point of this song is a couple minutes of incredibly hopeful and wonderful interaction, hardly what you would have expected from this track, which is probably what makes it so wonderful. although this cd can never compare to seeing them live (the best concert i have ever been to), it is still so worth the money, as the interaction between the various instruments and the modern take on some classical sounds is also incredible.
6303212379|5.0|I loved this movie as a kid and now I have a son who I know would love it.  I'm holding out another few months to see if the DVD appears.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|hello. selmasongs is the first thing we have seen from bjork since her 1997 lp homogenic was released. three long years, and wow.. was it worth the wait. selmasongs is not at all what i expected. i downloaded cvalda weeks before the cd was released. it had a sugarcubes feel to it, and i got very excited. while the whole cd does not have the same energy that cvalda has, it gives a pretty rush down my spine. the duet with thom yorke from radiohead is oustanding. the lyrics.. are a masterpiece as well. &quot;You've never been to Niagara Falls? I have seen water, its water, that's all...&quot; and scattheart. my dearest scatterheart. the movie makes the soundtrack that much more... emotional. buy the soundtrack, see the movie. it is worth it.<br />&quot;There is comfort Right in the eye Of the hurricane Just to make it easier on you&quot;
B00004HYLF|4.0|I was very impressed after buying this album (my first Return to Forever CD).  Being entirely instrumental, this album tells more stories than any words could ever tell.  One of the best &quot;stories&quot; on the CD (to me) is the first one, entitled &quot;Medieval Overture.&quot;  It starts off like you're in outer space, then becomes incredibly upbeat, truly a great jazz song.  The second song &quot;Sorceress&quot; is more of a &quot;funk jazz&quot; song, starting off with a cool bass intro.  My favorite song, though, is &quot;Majestic Dance,&quot; a song that is centered around the skills of the &quot;guitar wizard&quot; Al DiMeola.  This CD wasn't meant to have songs to get on the radio so they could make money, like a lot of today's bands.  They use their enormous musical talent to write songs that people can feel, rather than just sing along with.  All in all, this CD is a wonderfully different jazz/fusion composition.
0783225733|5.0|Let me firstly say that Apollo 13 is one of my favourite films, and its appeal isn't just isolated to US audiences. <br />Unfortunately, Australian audiences don't have access to the Region 1 DVD (unless they've got a region-free DVD player). The Region 4 version only has the commentary tracks and the trailers. But the movie is still absolutely fantastic.<br />The strongest aspect of this DVD is definitely the commentary. It's a fascinating and delightful experience, hearing Ron Howard (the director) talk about how he made the film. It's obvious that he's a very thoughtful, intelligent and creative filmmaker. No wonder people like Tom Hanks wanted to work with him.<br />But for me, the most powerful moment was hearing Jim and Marilyn Lovell's wonderful and deeply affecting commentary. The moment that had the most impact, was when I heard Marilyn almost tear up during the rocket launch sequence. To a normal audience, it was a moment of awe and rejoicing, but to Marilyn and the other astronaut's wives, it was a moment and sadness and fear because they might never see their husbands again.<br />I felt great awe when I heard Jim Lovell talking us through the Apollo 13 mission. What amazed me was how cool and calm he was, whereas other men revisiting such a traumatic incident would've burst into tears. <br />Unfortunately, the Region 4 (Australian version) isn't filled with as many features as the Region 1 (US version). So I wouldn't recommend it as a must-buy for Australian DVD enthusiasts. But that doesn't take away from the impact of seeing the Lovell's talk about their experiences.
6303477259|5.0|Which means we will never have a blu-ray high def version of this great show and we're lucky to even have it on DVD.  While I am somewhat of a Floyd purist and consider this to be a bit of Pink Fraud,  I still love the performance and sound and the show.  Roger Waters WAS the lyrical genious that made most of this possible,  but I guess I'll have to still be limited to this show and the few others.  ABSOLUTELY perfect reason that these guys need to pull together before they are eligible for Social Insecurity, which is soon, and put on one more tour so we can get the Mighty Floyd on HD.  Yes,  the voices probably won't be as fresh,  but its effing Pink Floyd which is so far better at their lows than any of the garbage out there these days.<br /><br />Part of an older review that I wrote:<br /><br />Now for the negative.  I have to give this 5 stars for the show and music.  However,  Roger Waters is largely responsible for who this band is.  It is hard for me to accept them without him.  The post Waters stuff is right around mediocre usually and has some bright spots.  I guess it was the lawyers that say they can call this band Pink Floyd.  They are still great live because a lot of the hard work, Waters' vision, writing and other stuff is already done.  They are still phenomial live because they ARE great musicians and can sure put on a great show with excellent sound and visuals.
6302909651|5.0|Sliver is a fantastic film. The best out of all the erotic thrillers filmed between the years of 1987-1995, preferably the time in which the Erotic Thriller genre was big. Ending with Eszterhas's JADE. Eszterhas (Basic Instinct, Jade, Jagged Egde) wrote Sliver. A film starring Sharon Stone as Carly Norris, stuck in this age of loneliness after coming out of a 7 year bad marriage. Moving into a slick and sleek sliver apartment building, she is warmly welcomed by all of it's tennants. Including, Vida Warren a woman with a dark double life. Gus Hale, a man that is willing to tell all dirty little secrets. Zeke Hawkins a handsome young man that takes a sexual interest in Carly, FAST. And Tom Berenger a classy writer, with a macho jerk attitude. When Carly gets involved, very involved, with Zeke she begins to learn that inside the walls of this building hides a secret that could reveal everything. With an ending so fast paced it will blow right by you, but a very satisfying ending if I do say so in the least. Again, buy SLIVER in the unrated version, sit down and relax in the darkness and remember that there is no place more frightening than home...
B000002C1W|2.0|It is not &quot;real&quot; Pink Floyd.  I like what another reviewer said: Pink Fraud.  When this cd was released I was one of the first in line and I kind of liked it.  I really wanted it to be good and I wanted to ignore the facts.  The fact is: the emotional, talented, egotistical, visionary, great lyrical and essential part of Pink Floyd is gone.  What was left is three great musicians with huge lifestyles that need to remain the same or get better.  I guess in a way I can't blame them.  They have something to market and it will sell.  They have had a few bright spots,  but other than that they hover right around or below mediocre.
6303160344|5.0|I must confess that I originally rented this film so I could give my feeble comprehension of spoken French a workout. I was immediately hooked by this powerful work or art and have since purchased a copy. Juliette Binoche is brilliant as a woman who loses her husband and child in a senseless accident. Beyond the normal horror of such loss, is the problem of the haunting, unfinished music that her husband was expected to complete for a celebration of the unity of Europe. Binoche's character, it gradually becomes clear, was its real composer, but she wants nothing to do with it, even going so far as to attempt to destroy the unfinished sheet music.       The issue of the freedom of the individual runs through this film. The prostitute neighbor becomes a friend because Binoche refuses to sign a petition to have her thrown out of her apartment for plying her trade. The woman at the transcription service could have simply carried out her duties, but instead preserves a copy of the music because she feels it is too beautiful to be lost. The widow is free to hate the woman she discovers pregnant with her late husband's child, but chooses kindness instead. This is a film about individuals making decisions for their own reasons and not those others might expect. Even though the last scene has Binoche in tears, those tears are an affirmation of freedom and the dignity and worth of the individual.
6303430570|5.0|Kevin Smith is a great man.  He beat most box office hit's with very little money.  Truely great writting. If you like comedy this is one you must watch.
6304119046|5.0|Do not judge this movie by its critics, prestige, editing or &quot;camera angles&quot;; it's not about any of those things, and I wouldn't blame you if it failed your expectations after reading so much pedantic praise from art-house know-it-alls.<br />Truth is, you don't need to be &quot;deep&quot; to enjoy this great film. Quite the contrary! Just being not an imbecile will do!
B00000BKE0|1.0|Weak, poor, sad and unbelievably bad. From now on, all the Maiden cd's should be rated 1 or 2 except for Virtual XI and X-Factors that should be rated 3 and rarely 4 thanks to mr. Blaze Bayley
B00004T9UF|3.0|Hmmm...maybe Marshall Mathers should take a tip from the Southpark movie song &quot;It's Easy, Mmmkay.&quot; This album has way too much bad language on it &amp; insults every minority &amp; moral standard out there today. The only songs with any redeeming quality are &quot;Stan&quot; (possibly the best rap song I have ever heard) which displays what Mr. Mathers can do, songwriting-wise. It also contains the first verse of Dido's song &quot;Thank You&quot; as the chrous, boosting the songs emotional impact that much more. The song &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; is also excellent. It rips off some people, but is filled with at least SOME emotion other than a homicidal screaming man about to kill his wife. He almost sounds like he is about to burst into tears in &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; which displays his rapping ability. If you combined the elements of those two songs, you could very well have a good album. I've also hear some of his earlier stuff and it is way way better than the tripe on this album. Get rid of the f-word; every two seconds and put in something better and we'll be on our way.
0684853523|5.0|Steven King has done the world a favor with this latest, not fiction, just the chanch some of us need to stop writing on scraps of paper and get down to some serious writing.  I have written stories in past years and submitted some, but after the first turn down I just assumed I didn't have the skill it takes to be recognized.  After reading this book I am going back and start all over and continue to write.  If nothing else I can save the pages and when I am gone family members can throw away my words, or maybe, just maybe, someone out there might read it.  Thank you Steven,  keep writing.  Carolyn Paul
B00003CXDG|4.0|Every summer, there's one movie that defines the entire season and sets the pace for the rest of the movies coming out after it. Mission:Impossible 2 was without a shadow of a doubt, THE movie of the summer of 2000. Why? There were two main attributes that stood to make for a formula that would rival the best in action. Cruise and Woo. Granted, nobody ever really thought of Tom Cruise as someone who could be much of an action hero. But John Woo? If you don't know this name by now, go try to build an igloo in Jamaica because sadly, there's no hope left in the world for you.         Enough about the summer thing, let's talk movies. First, was the movie any good? That depends on what you're talking about.         If you mean good in the sense of story? Sadly, the answer is no. The plot is weak, takes too long to explain, and...to put it honestly...stretches credibility to the point of exaggeration. Nyah Hall(Thandie Newton) falling in love with Super-agent-who-kind-of-reminds-me-of-James-Bond-and-never-dies Ethan Hunt(Tom Cruise) after one incident? wow, I wish I had those kinds of powers over women like her. While the idea for the virus and it's cure was a good idea, you somehow felt that the story was selling itself short. You would walk out of the theater and think to yourself &quot;That was it? All Ambrose wanted was money?&quot; I guess money really is that big a deal, especially the amount that they were talking about. However, why all the fuss over something like a few (billion) bucks? Kind of puts things in perspective.        Now if you mean was the movie was good in the sense of something that made your eyes scream for a break, your ears cry because of the glorious sounds that surrounded and engulfed you, and just blew the rest of your senses out of the your head, then I guess the answer would have to be a rousing yes. This movie had everything that's expected in a big summer hit. Guns (John Woo, need I say more?), beautiful women (not pretty...beautiful), arockin soundtrack (c'mon, who didn't like the Limp Bizkit remake of the theme), a hero who didn't know the meaning of the word die, cars (Porsches and Audis, I must have been dreaming) and of course who better than John Woo to piece this puzzle together. Is there anyone who doesn't like Woo's cinematic style sweeping landscapes, slow-motion sequences, bullets whizzing by your head, people spinning and revealing their 2ND gun that was tucked into the back of their pants, white doves flying past the screen, and...well...need I go on?        People criticize this movie as having a weak plot. Then again, who cares? This was a summer flick. It didn't need a strong plot to carry it. The producers saw to that. Did Armageddon, Men in Black, or Independence Day have plots that was fantastic? Not particularly. A giant rock falling towards earth, a giant cockroach that wants to rule the universe, a giant spaceship full of aliens who blow up the white house. I guess they don't do anything small do they.        Now why would this review be called face-off 2? this movie drew a few eerie parallels to face off. The main villain who has the hero's face and gets to his woman, if only for a minute? The hero engaging in acts of insanity (remember Cage's esacpe from prison and Cruise's bungee jump?), Car and motorcycle chases towards the end of M:I2 and the boat chase in Face Off. Not too similar, but they do have their similarities.        In the end, the real question is if this movie is worth buying on DVD. Absolutely. Without a doubt, this movie has the guts and the  impact of a 300 pound rushing football player. Nobody cares what's in his brain or what the point of the entire story is, all they want to see is something fun, something exciting, something that takes them away from the realities of the world, if only for a few hours...and isn't that what the point of movies is?
B00004XPP0|5.0|The Star Wars trilogy.. one of the most known sci-fi movies ever, are released as a enchanted VHS -edition. This Lucas's re-release ( better picture quality, better sound quality, enchanted special effects and few new scenes ) makes few questions:<br />1) First these special editions were meant to be only teathrical, to get Star Wars back to movie screens. Why change plans and release them on VHS tape?<br />2) Is it a good thing to mess with a classic ( because someones like the &quot;old&quot; feeling of movies, so it shares opinions: do star wars have better atmoshpere as old classics than new enchants? )<br />I think this release is perfect. I've always loved Star Wars and always will. Producing Episode 1 sounded like a good plan first, but then when I saw it I was disappointed. Why they did everything with computer? Why characters became so flat? Why did it have so weak plot? Why Darth Maul was the only cool thing? Why Jar-Jar? So only ep 2 and 3 can save the first one. If they're gonna be as bad as ep1, I say that Lucas should have left the Star Wars subject and leave it as a classic.<br />But buy this before watching ep1, because you'd see the &quot;dark-emotionless-computer-effects&quot; side of SW...<br />This bears old memories back and brings heavy emotions on screen.. and the actors are GOOD!
0679879269|5.0|Oh Wonders of Wonders!  This is the day long awaited by yours truly! THIS is the day whence I receive the most hallowed &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;!  As I have not yet read this acclaimed literary wonder, I can not rate it (but I still gave 5 stars, for that is what it seems to deserve) and can only speculate on the marvels that are sure to occur within the text, but nonetheless, I will sing my praises for &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;'s predecessors, &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot;.   HERE is a Science Fiction/Fantasy series for the ages that is sure to find it's rightful place in the annals of history. Vivid, lively characters populate a host of colorful worlds that seem eerily reminiscent of our own, yet distinctly different. Concepts are placed before you that make you stop and think about the ethics and morality that are rampant in our world. It all begins with a small, yet fiercely courageous girl by the name of Lyra, her ever-present &quot;companion&quot; , Pantalaimon, and their quest of self-discovery and of &quot;destiny&quot; that lead them around their world and beyond in believable yet amazing adventures. In a world that's populated by children and plagued  by soul-eating Specters, Lyra and &quot;Pan&quot; meet young William Parry, a boy who has grown up all to fast and is searching for his long-lost father. The two of them make enemies as fast as they befriend allies, for a war is brewing on the horizon; the war that started before time itself and in which the key to victory lies within Lyra and Will...
B00000IJPU|5.0|Sin lugar a dudas una buena recopilacion de las mas famosas canciones del grupo Iron Maiden , con 2 versiones como la de &quot;FEAR OF THE DARK&quot; y &quot;RUNING FREE&quot; en vivo ,y el resto de ellas en la version original del single correspondiente ,buen sonido remasterizado y el inconfundible estilo de una banda lider en su genero.
0679882820|5.0|My son loves this book. It taught him to knock on doors, and when he hears thunder, he says, &quot;Boom, Boom, Boom!&quot; He loves for me to read this book over and over. It will teach your child to &quot;Moo&quot; whenever he/she sees a cow!
B00003W8NM|5.0|It is scary what most people are not getting out of this movie.  Yes, this movie starts out bashing materialism, but if that is all you can see, you've really missed it.  What is truly scary is that most audiences who are excited about this film seem to be to glorifying Tyler's character and praising his rebellion.  The guy is a Hitler character, killing people, destroying everything, and stripping individuals of their identity.  Sure people are fed up with capitalism to the point where violence is the only thing that seems real.  No one is denying that.  But, this movie is also a satire on the proposed solutions.  I think this is why people are confused at the end.  Everyone is willing to be cynical about our violent, materialistic society, but not many seem brave enough to consider the possibilities that could come with rebelling against it.  There isn't a tied up in a package message to this film.  It makes you think and think and think because some answers just aren't obvious.  Great film!  I hope people start understanding it better or we are all doomed!
0783225725|5.0|Classic Clint Eastwood Western but without all the bad production values of some of his other westerns.  Beautiful cinematography, believable dialogue and engaging characters at every turn.  <br />The eerie feeling of this movie is truly understated.  Especially during the final gunbattle.  By the end of the movie you may have figured it out, but watch to the absolute very end to be sure.  One character nearly reprised his role and appearance in &quot;Blazing Saddles&quot; (you might remember him from the 'Magnum P.I.' TV show).  See at least 5 of the cast members of this movie appear in the subsequent, offbeat Clint Eastwood comedy &quot;Every Which Way But Loose&quot;.  Superb filmmaking.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|There is just something very DIFFERENT about Bjork that enraptures me.  The movie was my first introduction to her music and I was hooked.  Her stuff is clearly not something that everyone will love. There are atonal elements that might lead some purists to dismiss it but, at the same time, there is something soaring and innocent and ethereal.  And she has such a wierd, strangely alluring accent -- imagine Audrey Hepburn on mood drugs.  If you have not seen the movie, be sure to listen to the clips on Amazon.con before buying the soundtrack.  Bjork is an acquired taste.  Like truffles.
B00000DR8R|5.0|As good in its own way as Astral Weeks or Hatful of Hollow or Doolittle or Rubber Soul... Lloyd Cole's first record opened up new doorways and EVEN THOUGH commercial &quot;alternative&quot; music went down a different path, this record shows what COULD HAVE BEEN if we'd all been a little smarter and a little more receptive.
0140430350|2.0|I think that Vanity is the most boring book I have ever read It has absolutly no meaning.
B0000062FN|5.0|I can't get sick of this album! I've probably heared this one more than any other album in my life. The songs all flow together  like one epic tale and thus it is something that you don't skip around from track to track. For those of you that didn't know, the horn section on this album is the &quot;Tower of Power&quot; Horn section (one of the finest around). This is truly a beautiful album and very inspirational.
B00004X0Q0|3.0|At The Drive in comes to me with heavy buzz about them.  Touring with Rage, indie darlings, etc...  My first reaction to the disc was, &quot;Fugazi called, they want their songs back.&quot;  But wait, I haven't liked anything they've done since Repeater, which is where ATDI pick things up in a new direction (one Ian and co. should have taken in my book). Songs are okay, vocalist isn't going to last long on the road tearing his throat up like that.  It's too bad, he has a nice voice when he chooses to uses it.  Production is a pretty weak, just bad quality for what is available gear-wise these days. I wholeheartedly believe that this band will blow me away live, but on record they sound a little flat and hardcore retro.  But hey, there's a lot worse out there.
0684853523|5.0|'On Writing' kept my interest. For those few who didn't enjoy this book: One reader mentions King's B-grade novels. If one doesn't care for his previous work, calling them trash, why bother purchasing this book, or any future novels by King only to criticize? Also, if On Writing was bought via Amazon, there is an editorial review section that describes the book to a T. If one read the feedback they would have known On Writing wasn't dedicated to writing alone, but King's life, and how it coicides with his novels.  I believe King's POV when revealing his life story blends with ideas that led to his books, which is a lesson in itself. For those of us who write, daily events, reading, radio, ect. generates fresh thoughts. On Writing is not an English Lit Book, but a fundamental guide to authors and readers. So whether you're an aspiring writer or a fan of King, I suggest reading, On Writing. I give it five stars and one big POW.......
B00000BKI4|5.0|i bought it the week it came out.it is very very special.now two years later it still fills me with a sense of wonder, and oddly nostalgia.the melancholy in jonathans voice is transmitted like a ghosts hand on the neck.the guitars shimmer, the strings envelope, and the overall result of a start to finish listen of this album is a peak musical experience.heartbreaking and uplifting at the same time, the cd lends itself to total absorbtion....for the empathtic listener.
0780631684|4.0|After having to endure the self-aware horror movies that have plagued us since Scream's release it's very refreshing to see some innovation on the part of New Line to take a risk on a film that has no real antogonist and spares us the happy ending.  Devon Sawa (Idle Hands) plays Alex, a high school student on a class trip to Paris who after having a premonition that the plane's going to crash gets off along with a handful of his unwilling classmates.  When the plane actually does crash, he finds himself under suspicion by the FBI, a suspicion which grows more intense as the rest of the departed students wind up dying off one by one.  The first half hour consists of one of the best plane crashes ever caught on film and some pretty spooky stuff that allows the tension to mount until Death pays them a visit.  It's a clever spin on a movie that was originally concieved of as being your typical slasher film but thanks to X-File alum James Wong and co-scibes Glen Morgan &amp; Jeffrey Reddick averts that all-too-beaten path.  Some of the typical beheads, what-have-you plague a story that should be above that kind of stuff but it's what the kids like and with today's special effects even the most overdone scenes can be flipped on their ears.  The DVD offers up an alternate ending that'll have you thanking your lucky stars that they chose the one that they did and some deleted scenes, which are mildly interesting.  Maybe the best new feature are the interactive games that will test your psychic ability and even predict the date of your death.
B0000009S3|5.0|Zappa: the genius the legend, now if you have heared anything Zappa did, you know pretty much what to expect, and this is no exception. This is a sure fire jam album with nearly endless guitar solos. Who couldn't love it? I thought it was a nice touch  bringing Captain Beefheart (maybe the one person in the universe that could be stranger than Zappa) into the picture for &quot;Willie the Pimp&quot;. Check it out!
B00000I3JO|5.0|Again, words cannot do this justice. All sorts of people will like this album, it crosses genres. Amazingly lush but sparse, the vocals grab your soul. I have no idea how they can convey so much emotion in their music, but it grips your soul. If you like any of the following artists- you will like this (even though it might be quite different) - Steely Dan, Jeff Buckley, Roxy Music, Harold Budd, others I can't think of. the emoion of Jeff Buckley, with Roxy Music / Brian Eno / Harold Budd as the band, and Steely Dan doing production and some of the writing. Buy this album before it goes out of print. It is a must for any music collection.
0743200799|2.0|I'm &quot;into&quot; space and have enormous respect for the author.  The book covers the most exciting events in recent history and should be a page turner.  It's not.  I found it mind-numbingly boring.  With a few rare exceptions, the book reads like a poorly written diary.  I was amazed at the brief coverage of Apollo 1, even though I know the author must agonize about it still.  I wish he had put more of what he really felt into the effort.
B00004XONN|1.0|Unmelodic, discordant, mindless twaddle.<br />I think the joke is on the listener here.  Radiohead are trying to alienate their audience or are excercising some internal demons or something and unlike ourselves they have taken the liberty of sharing their misgivings with the general populace - very extravagant of them I must say.<br />Saying this is a concept CD or whatever is just misguided code for I want to like this album cause I worship Radiohead but what I really mean is its crap and I barely ever listen to it! :)
6303029027|5.0|I didn't see all of this movie, but the bits I did see were great.  The acting is brilliant and I thought the score was really good, especially the credits at the end.  Throughout the film I was sure either Sonny, C, Jane or C's father were going to die - it was that kind of film - but they made the inevitable death a necessary plot development rather than a cop-out ending.  I thought it was v.v sad when Sonny died - but it wasn't soppy.   Also with Sonny they protrayed him as a good and bad guy at the same time - that was v clever.  The only thing is that at the end the last speech is a little preachy, but it's just about carried off.  Great film - and it deosn't reveal in buckets of blood and gratuitous bad language. That sort of stuff is in proportion to the situation - overall, well done!
B00000295A|5.0|Jamiroquai Does it again! This is perhaps my favorite of Jamiroquai's albums but I love 'em all. For those of you that have never heared them, Jay the lead singer reminds me very much of Stevie Wonder and their music is very peepy and has a disco flavor. The musicianship is great. &quot;Music of the Mind&quot; has lots of improvisational stuff (soloing). Listen to these guys. They're cool as hell.
0783221487|3.0|Having just finished the novel upon which this film is based for the second time, I finally worked up the nerve to rent this movie and see how the filmmakers interpreted the book.  Boy was I dissapointed.  While the movie did illustrate a few points nicely, for the most part it just butchered the book.<br />Just to point out a few of the more obvious problems...In the book, Paul is constantly described as small, and even as he grows he stays thin and wiry.  Kyle MacLachlan, on the other hand, was one of this biggest actors in this film.  The stillsuits aren't how they were described in the book, and the 'thopters were unrecognizable as such.  The Baron's character was decimated in action and intent, so as to be nearly unrecognizable as the same character in the book.  And the shields and weapons were extremely not as I pictured them.<br />From this start, factor in that several key scenes (Jamis, for instance), were cut from the film entirely in the interest of time, and that some random stuff was added in as an easy way out of explaining difficult concepts in the book.<br />I must hand it to the makers, though, that they did a good job with special effects and music, and they get an A for storytelling effort.  Although it doesn't always work too well, they did a commendable job trying to explain stuff with narrations, voiced-over thoughts, dreams, and the acting was pretty good as well.<br />This is an interesting movie to see, but it's just not the book.  It will be interesting to see how the SciFi channel handles their upcoming film version.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Man I watched this and it kept me on the edge of my seat almos the whole time.  From Start to finish The Evil Dead is a truely great horror experiance!  If you like movies like Reanimator, Dead Alive, and Demonia this is a great movie for you features some of the most violent gorey explicit scenes ever featured in a hooror movie although not the goreyest I have ever scene it is still one of my favorites!
0679879269|5.0|I simply loved this book! I couldn't put it down for the life of me! I found it to be even better than the first two in the series, and that's saying something. The Amber Spyglass is full of breath-taking action, intriguing new characters, mystery, surprises, suspense, and above all, intense emotion. The thing literally moved me to tears! I really felt for almost all of the characters, even the secondary ones (and even Mrs. Coulter, whom I couldn't decide whether to despise or admire). I also loved the morals in this book and the way it led me to think about what is wrong in our world. I just can't get over how amazing and powerful Pullman's writing is! If only everybody would read this book, the world would be a better place.
B00004XONN|5.0|I am  a huge Radiohead fan and have been for a couple of years.  I bought this album the day it was released and haven't stopped listening to it since.  This is an absolutely amazing album.  It is completely different from all of their previous work and yet it has that distinct Radiohead sound.  Radiohead does what most bands today can't.  They make new and completely different music from all other bands and their sound improves with every album.  Not only that, it is stunningly good music.  What Radiohead has accomplished with this album is amazing.  They have made the album of the year (if not the decade) and introduced us to the future of music.
0441172717|5.0|I have now read Dune twice, and it remains, upon completing it a second time, just as good, intriguing, and thought-provoking as it was the first time around.  It's one of those rare, wonderful novels after the reading of which no other books seem quite good enough to read for a while.  In fact, Dune is so great that though I own the sequels, I haven't yet been able to read them for the fear that they might in some way diminish the masterpiece that is the original.<br />When I first read this book, my schoolwork and social life suffered through the days it took to read it.  I almost literally couldn't put it down.  This novel is so engrossing, so enthralling, and so REAL that you wonder how you ever enjoyed the shallowness that is most sci-fi novels.  In fact, Dune isn't just the best science fiction novel of all time, it's one of the best pieces of literature, period.<br />And it is a very real world.  The multilayered plots, the believable science, the shades-of-gray characters, the religions, emotions, technology...everything.  Arthur C. Clarke is quoted in the book as saying that, &quot;Unique...I know of nothing comparable to it except The Lord of the Rings.&quot;  It's true.<br />Any type of plot synopsis I try to give here would be hopelessly muddled and confusing, so I'll forgo that in this review and simply say that, to use the old saw, If you only read one book this year, read Dune.
0380730405|5.0|i started out thinking this was going to be an enjoyable but somewhat light gothic romance- the huge estate, the sadistic servant, the distant and brooding husband, haunted rooms and hidden meanings in even the smallest gestures.<br />often we slip into our nameless heroine's imaginings of things that have or might happen, mostly rooted in her well founded insecurities<br />then suddenly, in a few pages, everything shifts. what follows is a very different, disturbing view of the world our characters inhabit. an impressive, spooky story.
0140433627|5.0|The first and final thirds of the book read as a fabulously tortured gothic tale full of unbridled ambition and tragic love. But it is the middle third of the book that transcends the genre, and exposes the reader to a beautifully touching demonstration of humanity.<br />Frankenstein can be read as an allegory of the creation of man by God. Creation is delineated in this book and in Genesis, by exclusion or expulsion from community with the creator. The exsistance of both man and monster require rejection by their creator to become fully human.<br />The middle section traces the monster's journey to personhood, and the development of his resentment. The monster learns by watching a rather ideal family through a crack in the wall, which presciently evokes our nostalgia for the life of idealized 50's families on television. Longing for a &quot;normal&quot; existence the monster poetically articulates his desire and his pain.<br />Victor Frankenstein, as the creator, shows himself unworthy of his creation, of whom he is both terrified and repulsed. Having sacrificed to his ego all he holds dear Frankenstein flees to the far corners of the earth. The monster, obsessed with confronting his creator, follows him for a final icy showdown.
B00003CXAT|3.0|On a DVD you expect to see &quot;more&quot; image then on a VHS tape because it is &quot;widescreen&quot;. Usually this is the case, but on these 2 DVD's you see much less then on the tape. What they did here what cutting off the top and bottom parts off what you see on the tape and call this &quot;widescreen&quot;. So on this DVD you don't see the left, right, top and bottom parts of the original cinema version. In my opinion, these DVD's are a waste of money.<br />Arie van der Spoel
B00000634J|5.0|This is probably the best place to become acquainted with Lennon's solo work. His recording career after the Beatles was uneven and had more than its share of poorly realized or average songs. Yoko Ono doesn't strip Lennon's career to the bare bones of singles; instead she also concentrates on key album tracks from each of his strongest albums. While in theory that makes for a great collection, a better collection would also have included a couple of Lennon's b sides or even some of the tracks from Menlove Ave (the Walls &amp; Bridges stuff from Menlove are superior to some of the over orchestrated stuff on that album).<br />One quibble with Yoko and the credits. It's true Paul McCartney had nothing to do with writing Give Peace A Chance but it's petty to remove his name. McCartney wanted to have his name before John's on Yesterday and one or two other key songs that Lennon had nothing to do with. He sought Yoko's permission to do this (and note he wasn't going to have John's name removed). She said no which ticked off McCartney who, in turn, ticked off Yoko by not inviting her to Linda's church memorial. The result probably was that Yoko elected to remove Paul's from GPAC. Again, it's truthful but petty and it would have been only fair to agree to Paul's request as well. It seems the pettiness goes on within the Beatles camp. One good thing at least they talk to each other (even if it is to disagree).<br />Regardless, this doesn't influence the enjoyment of this fine CD. I'd recommend this along with Wonsaponatime (the single disc anthology outtakes compilation). It gives a better overview of Lennon than either disc by itself does.
B000000JO3|5.0|I remember listening to Minor Threat for the first time like 13 years ago and having my world rocked. A friend of mine gave me their tape and said 'prepare to be changed'. Man, was he right. The sheer ability that MT had to put such energy, power, and message together in a song that lasts all of 1:45 blew me away. This collection of their work is just incredible. Unlike other &quot;punk&quot; bands like Blink or Green Day, or &quot;hardcore&quot; bands like Limp or Slipknot, there is a reason behind Minor Threat's music. It's not just singing about high school and sex and cars and other crap like that. Unlike that junk, listening to Minor Threat not only adrenalizes you, but you get a message at the same time. You don't think so? Go REALLY listen to songs like 'Bottled Violence', 'Stand Up', and 'Out of Step'. It's more than just music. There's something else to it, something that has influenced many people in many ways.<br />I'll tell you like my friend told me that day. Do yourself a favor. Buy this CD, pop it in, and prepare to be changed.
B00000DFSK|4.0|I am new to the whole U2 thing, and so, being the conscience consumer that I am, read a few reviews.  Most seasoned U2 listeners have a problem with the jumping around that happens in this CD, saying that it has no common theme.  What I would like to say about this is that common themes are boring.  For me, this album lets me think about the lowest and the highest and the feelings in between.  To me it is a constant building on the songs that came before.  To make someone feel such a range of emotions in such a short time takes a lot of talent and passion.  In a way, I would say that it is like a catharsis: I find myself crying and laughing at the same time.
B00004U8JU|5.0|When Jurassic Park first hit the movie theaters, I went to see it on the second night it opened.  I liked this movie so much, I went back several times to see it.  I'm so glad this movie finally came out on DVD.  Everything is so vivid (sound and picture).  Awesome special effects!!!!!<br />The best thing about this DVD is that it takes you back to when you first saw it at the movie theater, again and again.  A true home theater experience!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|I have never heard Radiohead before. I saw the Kid A Commercial and heard a lot of good things about it. So i took a chance and bpought it it was definetly worth it. How to dissapear completely is the most amazing and revolutionary song i have ever listened to.  Definetly buy this album.  Please do yourself a favor and pick this up it is the greatest of all time.  Please buy this. O my God i am crying listening to how to dissapear completely it rocks so much. Please pick up this album.
B00002MZ2T|2.0|Let me first say that I loved the first album.  It was more of a dance/techno thing that made me surge with energy.  AFFERMATION is nothing like the original.  Instead of having an up-beat rythem and fast lyrics, this album is focused on &quot;Someone to watch over me.&quot;  This album is not for the average good mood, however, if your boyfriend/girlfriend has just broken up with you, if your parents are divorcing, or if everybody hates you and you have to eat worms, this is the album for you.  Those who love self-pitty, this is your lucky day.
0446607274|5.0|Angel's Flight by Michael Connelly is an excellent, exciting read as are all his Harry Bosch books.  Bosch this time is more vulnerable, because of his declining marriage.<br />The story moves along at a fast pace and keeps you guessing as to who the perpetrator is. Plot involves many twists and turns and in the end turns into a Shakespearian Tragedy.
B00004KD11|4.0|For 1968, this is a very heavy album!  Of course, &quot;Hush&quot; was their big hit single in the U.S. and is one of the CLASSIC pop songs of the 60's.  But the genesis of the hard rock Deep Purple sound can also be found on this recording.  Jon Lord was already an incredibly accomplished and FORCEFUL player of the Hammond organ.  His confident and HEAVY playing dominates the songs.  Ian Paice was already showing exceptional drumming flair.  Nick Simper's solid bass lines are the perfect complement to his drumming.  Ritchie was a real fret burner even way back then.  Check out the &quot;wah wah&quot; mania on &quot;Love Help Me&quot;.  Rod Evans was no screecher, but his vocal presence is strong and very suited to the 60's flavor of the album.  &quot;And the Address&quot; is a great instrumental.  &quot;Mandrake Root&quot; is heavy, bluesy and tinged with psychedelia.  Their version of &quot;I'm So Glad&quot; blows Cream's away.  In fact, this band could stand with Cream or Iron Butterfly anyday as true 60's hard rock pioneers.  The album is not as good as the other 2 this lineup made.  The bonus tracks aren't really exceptional but the remastering makes this the best sounding CD release of this album.  The liner notes are very detailed about the formation of one of the most important groups of the 70's.  There ain't much here that can be called &quot;heavy metal&quot;.  Lots of flowers and beads kicking around.  But this is where it all began.  And this CD should be very welcome to collectors.
0761119752|5.0|This book is wonderful.  My daughter who is not quite 2 loves it.  You can sing it to &quot;Shortnin Bread&quot;, make up your own tune, or just &quot;rap&quot; it.  It's FUN!
0679879269|5.0|&quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; is a wonderfull book.  For this book to fully reach audiance expectations, it would have to be evan greater than &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot;.  &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; easily reaches, and surpasses, expectations.  Pullman magically weaves his stories with incredible suspense, beautifull language, and charecters who we all love and wish we could know.  This book neatly ties up loose ends left by the earlier two.  It is a story of bravery and sacrifice.  It is both thrilling and heart wrenchingly sad.  We readers could not have asked for anything more.
B00004TH6O|5.0|Its about time!  I've really been suffering, God only knows how long, with this lack of decent rock. QOTSA have made a sonic blast of an album, full of crunchy guitars and simple yet effecting lyrics, that the masses haven't heard in some time. Hopefully these same masses take a time out from the Korns and Limps of the world and give a decent band a chance. &quot;R&quot; is a back to basics record. You won't find hip-hop collaborations, clothing deals or half hour specials on MTV. All this is a VERY good thing, mind you. Stripped of all the muck, &quot;R&quot; chugs along on the strength of it's contents, great great songs.<br />     The opener, which is smilingly titled, &quot;Feel Good Hit of the Summer&quot;, has about 2 chords and eight words. Never-the-less its a no-fuss ode to getting lit at summer parties in the desert. (QOFTSA being from California and all) The first single is &quot;The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret&quot;. The song is half bass line pumper, with some Soundgarden and MC5 thrown in for good measure. A wonderful tune with no low points at all! Other highlights for me include; &quot;Better Living Through Chemistry&quot;, which is yet another smart ode to Soundgarden and substances, delivered with an evil twist we all can appreciate. The pulsing, &quot;Monsters In the Parasol&quot; is very Black Sabbath, but with some pop groove to it. The last track, &quot;I Think I Lost My Headache&quot;, climaxes into a jazzy improve full of blasted guitars and HORNS!  <br />Simple yet challenging, Rocking yet non-cliche, &quot;R&quot; proves that the best rock can creep out of nowhere. This is an album which everyday word of mouth has fueled to this point, some of history's great rock records (and bands) started this way.  I could start naming names, but oh' well... nevermind.
B00004XQP4|5.0|WARNING: Green Day is back! I've been waiting three years for some new Green Day music and it's finally here! I just got the album on October 14th. I must say, this album is awesome. With tracks like: Warning; Blood, Sex, and Booze; Church On Sunday; Misery(Green Day's biggest change yet!); Waiting; Minority; &amp; Macy's Day Parade, this may very well come close to Dookie's sales record. That would be cool. My personal favorite would have to be Waiting, with Misery coming in at a close second. If you are a Green Day fan, and you don't buy this album... die. It's just that simple!
0782008372|4.0|When I ordered this dvd I was worried about all the bad reviewsit had, but I'm glad I got it at my own risk, because it is a greatversion (and for an amazing price). I believe they did a great jobremastering the movie image.  I would recommend this dvd if you likeHighlander. You can also listen to the audio commentary from R. Mulcahy and theproducers, it's very interesting.
B000023X9W|4.0|Neil Young likes to sort his output by style. The grunge goes into one CD then the softer almost country material goes onto the next. This CD is the softer side of Neil Young.<br />If you think that means that it sounds like Harvest Moon you'd be wrong. One of Young's greatest talents is that he can take one of his stylistic forms and move it on. These songs are very simple and also beautiful and delicate. Listening to &quot;Daddy Went Walkin'&quot; from this album and &quot;Old King&quot; from Harvest Moon is a perfect example of how Neil Young takes a certain style and develops it further.<br />The title track crystallises the mood of this album perfectly. Neil's voice is so clear. It's hard to understand that this is the same voice that can also deliver his powerful grunge style. It's also amazing that he has kept his voice so well over the years.<br />This is not the best, or most accessible of Neil's gentler work. After the Goldrush, Harvest and Harvest Moon all rank above this but, if you like those, you will be captivated by this CD.
B00002DESX|5.0|I bought the Ramones Anthology bout 2 months ago, and I had to ask myself, WHERE I HAVE I BEEN!?!?!?!?! Why have I waited soooo many years to get into the Ramones? Well their first album &quot;Ramones&quot; is where it ALL started!!! I CAN NOT stop listening to this CD. The opening track &quot;Blitzkrieg Bop&quot; just rocks. If want to know where punk STARTED, or any seriously fast rock and roll for that matter, BUY THIS CD.....NOW!!!! You will not be dissapointed. Oh and when your done buying the 1st one, buy some more!! They ALL ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00003CX8I|5.0|When I saw this film in the cinema (twice) I knew that I had to get it when it came out on video.  All the effects are class and the characters are cool.
6305892946|5.0|One of the best films that I have ever seen, well written with unexpected twists, altough the third film it is still very scary! I would reccomend it to anyone.
0451160916|4.0|I was 12 when I first read this -before watching the movie-. I read it alone, at night, and going to the bathroom became a terrifying experience. Certainly, the book is an excellent piece of horror. Its merit is that it is not just a horror story. It evolves in the context of the life of a man, Jack Torrence, who is fighting against failure, frustration and alcoholism. He replicates his tormented father-son relationship with his son, the young and special Daniel. Daniel can &quot;shine&quot;, that is, experience ultrasensorial perception. When his father is offered a winter-time job at the Overlook hotel, in the Colorado Rocky Mountains, things become really strange for the family. For the Overlook hotel has a history enclosed in its walls. Daniel, with the help of his imaginary (or is it not?) friend Tony, discovers the true story of the hotel and the murders committed there. I won't spoil anything. Just read it, it is a quick read, without many interruptions. You will get caught in a really freezing terror.
B00004XQP4|1.0|This cd is just aweful. I think a true green day fan would have gotton the idea from the sigle &quot;Minority&quot; whick is a poppy piece of crap. All the other green day cds every song is great. This one they all suck. I was watching the concert the other night on mtv and they only played 2 songs off warning. When they did a concert when nimrod had been released 3 years ago they played almost all there songs from nimrod. If you are a true fan and want this cd, burn it or download it , buy DON'T BUY this worthless piece of junk. What happened Billy,Mike, and Tre?
B000001IPP|4.0|The one that brought punk into the mainstream, this is almost as good as out come the wolves.  a lot better than life won't wait, and is definately worth buying.  Salvation, Radio, you need this album.  I say not yet great because i think that out come the wolves is incredible, and this is almost as good.
B00004XMVL|3.0|Bad beginning, good middle, bad ending. The start of this movie had me looking at the clock wondering how much more of the 1 hour and 48 minutes I had left.  By the middle, I was drawn in by the interesting main characters (the captain and the prisoner), only to be turned away by the desperate attempt at a suspensful ending.  What turned me off the most was the needless death of one of the only two characters that you were able to develope any sort of feeling for.<br />Final Verdict:  Ok, if desperate to see a movie.
B000002JPA|5.0|This was the second Dream Theater album I purhaced. And this blew my mind totally. Now I own all the records. Great guitar solos, exellent drumming (really), amazing synths and bass with solos plus great playing finishes this up. Pull Me Under is &quot;good&quot; song, but that b-part is quite boring when you listen it several times. Another Day is quite annoying ballad, I don't like it. But when Take The Time starts, everything is allmost perfect till the end. I can't describe it with words anymore, every song is exellent, the whole feeling is mighty. This is maybe the best Dream Theater record, and friend of metal- and prog-music should purhace it.
1577311523|5.0|I picked up this book while browsing. I could tell from the reviews mentioned in the introduction that this was no ordinary book. Eckhart Tolle teaches from a truly enlightened perspective, which turns concepts into experience for the reader. I have not found any other book which matches this one in power or clarity. Echoing many previous reviewers, I've given away 4 copies, am reading it for the 3rd time, and feel 5 stars are not enough to do it justice. I would urge anyone open to spiritual enlightenment to read this book!
0679879269|5.0|October 10, 2000 just may have been one of the greatest days in the history of books, in my opinion.  Why?  Because that was the date when &quot;The Amber Spyglass,&quot; the long-awaited finale to Philip Pullman's &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; trilogy, was published.  On the other hand, it may have been one of the saddest days in the history of books, as well: it was the day that marked the end of the mesmerizing story of Lyra.<BR><BR> In the first two chapters, alone, we discover Lyra's whereabouts, how Will is reacting to the events described at the very end of &quot;The Subtle Knife,&quot; and more.  Will sets off in search of his missing companion, and the story begins.<BR><BR> Once more we are reaquainted with the beautiful Mrs. Coulter, the rebellious Lord Asriel, the fleeing Mary Malone, the armored bear Iorek Byrnison, and the witches.  Some of our old friends that were thought to be lost may even intrude.  However, we also have the pleasure of being introduced to new characters (Metatron, the Gallivespians, the Mulefa, and others), all as well developed as those from before, who help the story evolve into a spectacular example of excellent literature.  What more could a reader want?<BR><BR>Though the highest rating I am permitted to give a book is '5 Stars', I truly believe that Philip Pullman's &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; deserves six.  Am I suggesting that Amazon.com change their rating system simply so that this book may receive a higher rating?  Yes.  It's that good.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This was by far one of the wierdest, messed up movies of all time. But, at the same time it was very intriguing and offers many different theories. Everything from how to make weapons out of ordinary objects to what the &quot;cigarette burns&quot; on the movie reels are for. Do not expect what the title says though even though there is fighting it is not the center of the film. I was disappointed after I first saw the movie, but now I think it was a cool movie. It is something that you will probably have to let grow on you before you like it. It is hard to explain the movie so you will have to see it for yourself to fully understand. And if you watch the movie you will finally find out what the big deal is with the soap you saw in the trailers for the movie.
B00004Z511|2.0|This for the most part, is tasteless. If you took ANY of these &quot;songs&quot; and put it on OK Computer, what would be the worst song on that album? I thought so. It's just not creative. As a musician, I know in my mind and heart if I'm making something creative, or just something different for different's sake. This is the latter. Call it avante-garde or whatever, I'll call it an ego-driven &quot;we-can-put-anything-out-and-they'll-buy-it&quot; piece of pap. Sounds like they took the easy way out. Lemme tell you, Radiohead and Tool are my absolute 2 favorite bands ever. At least I still have radiohead's old albums. This is good for mellowing out, but even then it's just not thought provoking enough. It's like elevator music.
B000006NPY|5.0|This album will be a classic. The pumpkins are one of the best bands of the nineties and like all great bands they keep evolving This may well prove to be a significant record in the future and will influence many great artists to come. The pumpkins are often understated for their influence on the modern rock sound, and yet despite their profound influence on so many artists they are unrivilled in their genre (they are not grunge). The only minus to a great album is the absense of one of the best drummers in the world, Jimmy.
0780623819|4.0|&quot;Lost in Space&quot; purists probably had a problem with the &quot;updated&quot; version of the 60's show.  However, the movie basically reworks several of the better episodes from the &quot;more serious&quot; first season.  There are remnants of &quot;The Reluctant Stowaway&quot; which introduced the nefarious Dr. Smith, &quot;The Derelict&quot; wherein the crew discovers a seemingly abandoned ship, and &quot;Island in the Sky&quot; featuring the crash of the Jupiter II.<br />Also, the film expanded the role of the Judy Robinson part (Heather Graham) by presenting her as a doctor with skills essential to the success of the mission; the television show never really effectively utilized the character. The film also makes better use of the Maureen Robinson (Mimi Rogers) character who is seen as an equal to her scientist husband played by William Hurt.  As played by June Lockhart on the show, the character was often relegated to the background as the damsel in distress.<br />Matt Leblanc is appropriately &quot;macho&quot; as gung-ho pilot Major Don West.  The two younger roles of Will and Penny Robinson are handled well by Jack Johnson and Lacey Chabert.<br />Cameos by Lockhart, Angela Cartwright, Marta Kristen, Mark Goddard, and Dick Trufeld (the Robot's voice) are welcome.<br />Gary Oldman as Dr. Smith gives a very understated performance. This is due, perhaps, to the over-the-top performance of the series doctor played by Jonathan Harris.<br />Even with the plot inconsistencies and some &quot;effects&quot; that don't work, the movie is still a fairly enjoyable &quot;journey.&quot;
0679879269|5.0|Phillip Pullman finished up this series very well.  He expands on what happens with the subtle knife.  The ending is very good--but it still leaves you wondering a little bit more.  Some parts are very sad (you get to hear about Lyra's &quot;Great Betrayal&quot; which the master of Jordan College prophesied with the alethiometer) but in others it is just as happy as always.  Phillip Pullman is a great writer, and this book was just as imaginative as his past ones.  However (DON'T READ THIS IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK) he goes a little bit to far to make it sad at the end.  You can sort of tell that it was an afterthought for them not to live together.  Right towards the end, when you hear that they can't live together because of the differences in the world, you KNOW that they're going to fall in love.  In my opinion, it would have been better without that (both falling in love and not being able to live together.)  They should have been good friends and lived together.
B000002MFN|5.0|This Madonna album has seen a lot of undeserved negative criticism.  It may have come out at a time when Madonna was not being accepted in the artistic world (as a result of the &quot;Sex&quot; book), but it had a lot to love.  The songs &quot;Erotica,&quot; &quot;Waiting,&quot; &quot;Rain,&quot; &quot;Bad Girl,&quot; and &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot; are all brilliant.  There is not a bad song on the album.  Forget the controversy and give it a chance.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have been a big fan of Radiohead ever since the introduction of their first album, Pablo Honey.  During the progression of the Radiohead albums, the trend has always been a consistent newer sound using the latest technologies in tonal control and variety to surprise their fans.  Yet through OK Computer the musical content still fit within Radiohead's unique style of transitioning beautiful melodies across the thin boundaries that separate the minor from the major key.  That cannot be said for Kid A which is a revolution in itself.  All I have to say about Kid A is that it is a drastic departure from their earlier style and it's an absolute trip.  They are defining the musical trend of the future while we sit here in the present.  I have to admit it took me four or five listens before I understood where they are trying to go with this sound, but now I can testify that this album is absolutely brilliant.  Even if you're not a radiohead fan, you should buy this album.<br />Peace
B0000296PV|5.0|Steven Spielberg has done it again! I loved both Jurassic Parks and think it's awesome that their finally goning to be released together. I think that they are one of the best action movie series since the 007 movies. They are also in my opinion the best dinosaur movies ever. I can hardly wait for the 3rd one. Keep me watching, Spielberg!
0679879269|5.0|This book has to be the finest I have read in the fantasy genre- in my opinion, surpassing Tolkien's Lord of the Rings as a retelling of Paradise Lost. It was also probably one of my favorite books (and I am an avid reader). I enjoyed the book until the part developed with Will and Lyra's journey to the underworld, where I got a little annoyed with them. <br />However, by the time the book ended I was breathless. The heart-rending finale made me drop just one tear, and I have never cried after reading any book (or watching any TV show or movie). I really would like Pullman to write a sequel to this one, the ending is too heartbreaking to leave it where it is.
0783229526|2.0|This movie is for all those sad people who want to do drugs but don't (and there are a great many of them). Watching these two guys get stoned in Las Vegas is similar to watching two people making love, very deeply unsatisfying. It's one of those things that you've got to do yourself. No amount of watching helps. I watched it because of Terry Gilliam, but he wasn't able to find any artistic tension in the &quot;anything goes&quot; atmosphere of a drug binge in Vegas.
B000001EYW|5.0|...that's on this CD. In fact. It's very rare that I find a CD that's good from begining to end, no skips, what-so-ever. That said, I still give this CD 5 stars soley based on the songs that I like very, very much. <br />My older sister was the BG's fan. She had everything that was available back in the hey day's of Fever. Everything included the early stuff &quot;Gold&quot; and, soon, &quot;Here...at last Live&quot; which made me into a fan. All those great early pre-Fever songs made me a BG's fan. And, it's kept me interested in seeing and hearing whatever these incredible brothers come up with next.<br />Now, mind you, I've never been a huge fan of the falsetto. It works on some songs just fine. Some others however, get the skip. That's the case here. And some of the production, while, yes, sounding state of the art, and right in there, radio format-wise, makes me wish for a more REAL sound to some of these tracks.<br />It's still powerful stuff, and some of the greatest songs that I have ever heard them sing. &quot;I Could Not Love You More&quot; may beat out &quot;How Deep Is Your Love&quot; as my favorite BG's ballad. &quot;Alone&quot;, Irressitable Force&quot;, &quot;I Will&quot;, &quot;Obsessions&quot;...all great, great songs. <br />If you want at least one more song that isn't on the album, look for the &quot;Alone&quot; CD-maxi single which contains a track called &quot;Rings Around The Moon&quot;. It's a real lovely ballad in it's own. Worth the hunt.<br />Cheers!
B0000214F3|4.0|This is a wonderful heartful fairy tale, that is nonetheless, strangely moving.  The problem is obvious.. Dead people do not, and can not come back to life.  And broken dead bodies do not turn into mysteriously healed vehicles for any spirit.  A genre started by the film &quot;Ghost&quot; has been carried to absurd proportions.  But the idea of young life falling in love with the spirit of Death is fetching - if only to bring out the closeness of Love and Death, and also to describe the nature of love between the younger and older generations, especially within close (dysfunctional or not) families. Better than many things I have seen for months
B00004XONN|5.0|A journalist once said, &quot;No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.&quot;  I think that phrase rings true.  Of course, now that &quot;Kid A&quot; is the top seller, it kind of sheds a bit of irony on that phrase.   First off, I'll state this: Don't make &quot;Kid A&quot; your first album.  The whole wonder about Radiohead is that, if you listen to &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; and &quot;The Bends&quot; and then listen to &quot;Kid A&quot;, you can actually hear the transformation and development of Radiohead's &quot;art&quot;.  It's actually quite nice.  Kind of like Faulkner's &quot;Absalom! Absalom!&quot; and &quot;The Hamlet.&quot;  And yes, I did compare Radiohead to Faulkner.  Nyahhhh!    <br />Now, simply put, Radiohead is deconstructing Radiohead on &quot;Kid A&quot;.  This is not your momma's Radiohead.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is not &quot;OK Computer&quot;, &quot;The Bends&quot;, or &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;, nor is it &quot;Dark Side of the Moon.&quot;  Whereas &quot;OK Computer&quot; expressed a deeply ingrained paranoid isolation, &quot;Kid A&quot; simply exists within this isolation.   The album opens with droning organs and schizophrenic vocals chopped and diced by Thom Yorke's Pentium, &quot;Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon&quot;.  The first 3 songs seem to feed the hyperkinetic angst that filled &quot;OK Computer&quot; with scattered vocals and rhythms.  The pounding bass on &quot;The National Anthem&quot; drives the tension to a breaking point.  Yet, this is dissolved in &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, a beautifully acoustic version of isolation and denial &quot;I'm not here.  This isn't happening&quot;, &quot;The moment's already passed.&quot;  But later erupts on the pseudo-drum and bass of &quot;Idioteque&quot;  Yorke growls on this track, &quot;This is really happening.  Take the money and run.&quot;   The album closes with the beautiful &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, complete with rolling harps, a trackthat exudes yearning and finality, &quot;I will see you in the next life.&quot;   Even if this album didn't have the name &quot;Radiohead&quot; tacked onto it, I would still love it.  As would many others, I believe.  Then again, there's the paradox that Radiohead seems to be the only band that can actually &quot;achieve&quot; an album like this and its predecessor &quot;OK Computer&quot;.  Remember U2's failed &quot;Zooropa&quot;?  Hrmm.....  <br />This entire album reminds me of standing in an empty airport terminal, with the ultra-modern and polished atmosphere, completely desolate, completely alone, isolated among a hub of activity and people.  The planes roll in and out, and yet I stand completely isolated from all of this activity.<br />Anyway.  Yeah.   The whole point of this is: Radiohead &quot;Kid A&quot; good.  Me like.
B0000027RL|5.0|This was Pearl Jam in their prime.  Brand new to the music scene, they changed the face of music and music videos with &quot;Jeremy&quot;.  &quot;Ten&quot; is one of the greatest albums to ever be released.  There is not one bad song on the album.  This album helped to change the face of Rock N' Roll.  Pearl Jam &quot;Ten&quot; and Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; were a tag team in forever changing rock music, and opening up doors to newer sounds.  This album is a must for any CD collection.
B000002NJS|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS MY FAVORATE ALBUM.IT IS MADONNA'S BEST ALBUM EVER!NEXT TO HER NEW CD MUSIC.HER LULIBY TO HER DAUGHTER IS THE COOLEST SONG IT SHOWS HER SOFT SIDE.SKIN,FROZEN,RAY OF LIGHT, SUBSTITUTE FOR LOVE,AND SWIM ARE MY FAVES.SUPPOSEDLY SHE WILL BE RELEASING ANOTHER GREATEST HITS ALBUM IN 2001 OR 2002 IT WILL BE A TWO CD SET WITH 26 SONGS.
0446677450|1.0|I know this book was a best-seller and has a 4.5 star average on Amazon.  This does not make it good, and I will explain why.<br />First, most people focus on his inspiration and pointing out that you need to save money instead of spending it.  To put it bluntly, &quot;Duh.&quot;  To be more constructive, there are much better books on this subject - for instance, &quot;Your Money or Your Life.&quot;  It's easy to spout platitudes about why you should save, but Kiyosaki doesn't tell you how.  <br />Second, his real estate advice.  Kiyosaki emphasizes making money in real estate, since it seems clear that is how he made his fortune.  But he does a terrible job explaining that as well.  People have lost fortunes in real estate; Donald Trump went from being a billionaire to losing most of his empire.  It isn't easy.  Kiyosaki himself says that winners learn from their failures; where are his failures?<br />Perhaps he should refer people to other books about real estate, but one of the books he recommends was written by a man who had a half-million dollars in tax liens filed against him and declared bankruptcy - all before &quot;Rich Dad&quot; was written.  That isn't exactly the kind of advice I was looking for!<br />Third, experts in the fields he talks about generally agree that his advice is bad.  A review by an experienced real estate professional is here: [...]  His advice on making money via IPOs is completely wrong; you can't invest that little money so close to the IPO filing for such a large discount.  It just isn't done that way.<br />Fourth, his emphasis on making money.  I like money, don't get me wrong.  Like most people reading this review, I'd like to be a millionaire.  But, I think, there is an underlying current of meanness in Kiyosaki's book.  The way his &quot;rich dad&quot; kept people waiting and intimidated them with his power, the way Kiyosaki himself resented being left out of the parties held by the &quot;rich kids.&quot;  It's disturbing.<br />Fifth, for all the talk about spending less, Kiyosaki clearly lives up the high life (or claims to.)  Rolex watches (why?), Porsches (again, why?)... all these are types of liabilities, which he spends most of the book saying you should avoid.  It's flash, which I think ties into his rejection as a 'poor' child, and also meant to impress the reader by letting them think that, someday, they too will be able to show off their wealth.<br />Most millionaire's aren't this way.  &quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot;, which cannot be recommended highly enough, has interviews with real millionaires who live modestly - in fact, probably living on less than you are - and yet they accumulated their fortunes through hard work.  (Real estate and owning your own business qualifies as hard work!)  It is a much more educational book, but is also more inspiring to see people like yourself who did make it.<br />Summary: this book has some decent information in it (but there are better books), is inspirational at points (but inspirational books are a dime a dozen!), and didn't really do squat for me.
B000009VOL|5.0|A friend gave me this album after she had been to a Cat Power concert in Seattle... forewarning me that although it is stark and beautiful it also creates a warm, sleepy feeling. <br />She was right. I listened to it in the car driving with a friend from Vancouver, B.C. back to Seattle. And while the music resonated through the car and actually inspired me (good thing, since I was driving), my companion fell into a sound slumber). This music is like a slow lullaby OR gets into your soul and stirs you. For me, Moon Pix did the latter. I listened to it ceaselessly for a few weeks. My friend informed me that Cat Power was returning to Seattle. We attended the show, but the room being dizzyingly hot and crowded coupled with the disarmingly quiet one woman performance... making the whole experience memorably somniferous. We eventually had to go into the other room and listen from afar because it was too sleep inducing... (turned out to be a mistake since we met a weird Finnish man who had not showered in a month or so!) <br />Whatever the case, Chan Marshall's vocals are unusual and not always beautiful. They are stark and often sound like... reality. There is no other way I can think to describe it. There is an earthy, slightly raspy tone to her vocals, the lyrics are painful and intelligent... and overall, this is an album of such ambitious searching that you cannot help but love it.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion, one of the greatest female artists of all time, really hits home with this fantastic &quot;greatest hits&quot;. Who can forget hits like &quot;The Power of Love&quot; and &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;? This album blends powerful ballads and heart-tugging hits that no Celine Dion fan can live without. Even if you like or know of a few Celine songs, this cd is still a definite pickup.
0780631684|4.0|WOW! A Minus, I have a girlfriend, and if she can not watch a movie with me or I would'nt want her to for whatever reasons (nudity), its not gonna get an A plus.<br />A movie about a kid who has the abilty to forsee danger. Creepy. This movie may not scare you while your watching it (like I Know What You Did Last Summer) or even on the drive home (like URBAN LEGENDS) but later on: when you go to take a shower, you might find yourself a little leary of the water puddle on the floor, and even later on: taking any water near a computer, or standing next to a train, or enjoying a cafe latee outside at night in Paris, or going on planes to Paris, turning on the boom box in the bathroom, and while going for a swim, you might find yourself looking around for power lines or satelite dishes.<br />I can honestly say that this is THE MOST AWESOME HORROR THRILLER EVER MADE!  FOUR THUMS UP (including my big toes). I WAS TERRIFIED OF ANY WATER FOR TWO WHOLE WEEKS, that is exactly the thrill that you are supposed to get from this type of ingenious film. <br />And for those who were kinda dissapointed at the ending, there is an alternate ending on the DVD along with deleted scenes and commentary. <br />Like i said earlier a kid (Devon Sawa) and his friends try and keep each other alive while death (a big black shadow) follows the groups every move picking them off in a certain order. It is kinda predictable that the other characters would think that (Devon) himself is causing these things (after he finds out the order) and puts the blame on him until the next to last scene of the film where he prooves himself trustworthy by taking a massive charge (trying not to give anything away).<br />This film is very delicatley acted and very well written, I COULD HAVE DONE WITHOUT THE PENTHOUSE MAGAZINE SCENE, IT COULD HAVE BEEN A PC GAMER, but oh well, thats hollywood for ya. But the part were it shredded in the fan and Tods name lands on (Devons) lap was prit-ty freaky (in a Blair Witch sort of way).<br />All around a great movie for PEOPLE 18 AND OVER due to MAJOR BLOOD, VIOLENCE, LANGUAGE, BRIEF NUDITY, and an all around Haunting screenplay that could send some kids to therapy.<br />I would also like to add, STUNNING VISUAL EFFECTS! <br />This Is Acedog from The LuckyDog Newsletter! Have a spooky Holloween!
0811826848|5.0|This book would be a great starting point for someone learning about the Beatles. It is also a good addition to a library already started. (such as mine) It is a BIG book with small print,I cannot imagine how big it would have to be to use large print. The book has GREAT pictures, but no captions. (there are some indexed in the back of the book) With these minor problems I still rate it 5 !!! My advice to any and all Beatles fans, buy it !!
6303972810|5.0|&quot;Willow&quot; is one of my all-time favorite movies! The characters  are so real. their personalities are so well developed, that it is hard to believe it a movie. The diologue is outstanding. My sister and i continuously quote it at each other. the brownies are hillarious! And Mad Martigan is awsome! Bavmorda is sooo evil. Willow is a great character who has adorible kids. Mims and Rannon are so Sweet (&quot;Me too,Dada, me too!)! Tis is an unforgetaable film (the music is cool too)!
B00003CXE7|1.0|Gladitar is my most hated movie. Especially the fact that it is over 3 hours long. The DVD features are good the movie isnt and even with the features it isnt worth the money avoid this one!
0425129586|5.0|Thrilling masterpiece! Agatha Chrsitie has done it again (well actually she did it like 60 years ago) with And Then There Were None. (I'd underline the title, but I don't know how.) A must read! An enchanting mystery that only happens in books!
B00004Y9PP|5.0|this is the best movie i've ever seen.Its suspensful,and you never knoww whats gonna happen next.Van Deisal was the best actor in the movie, and i loved the design of the creatures.
0446677450|5.0|Robert Kiyosaki never fail to point out that our education system is a failure by not teaching our children the concept of money.<br />He uses the concept of cashflow to illustrate the wealth accumulating process, and redefine the meaning of asset and libility. To him, anything that drain away your money, or leading to a cash outflow is a liability. You may be shock to learn that under this definiation, your greatest asset - your own house, is cobsider to be a liability as well.<br />Robert emphasize the importance of accumulating income producing assets like stocks, bonds, and real estate. To him, building a business is the best way of building wealth, follow by real estate.<br />However, the complaint I have with this book is that it is too general. If you wanted to get some real tips and example, you are heading for a great disappointment.
B000001Y42|5.0|Although it took me a while to get used to the sound of this album after listening to &quot;Signficant Other&quot;, once I really started listening to it, I LOVED it. The songs are really good when dealing with greedy, fake people. This is a CD that really gets your energy pumping and your heart racing...overall its much better than Significant Other, although I hope their new album will be a mix between the best of both albums.
B0000020C4|5.0|I already owned Miss Saigon, so I had alread been introduced to  Boublil and Schonberg.  However, I was not prepared for the beauty and majesty that was to be had in Les Miserables.<br />  Based on Victor Hugo's novel, this musical takes the characters of Veljean, Javert, Eponine, Cosette, Fantine, Marius, and Enjrolas and immortalizes them.  This recording also has the added bonus of the two encore tracks.  The first has several Valjeans (from around the world) singing a line from Do You Hear the People sing (each sung in the native language).  The universal nature of this musical is incredible.  The second is the wonderful 'One Day More'<br />  The voices on this recording are incredibly (I have not heard any other English Recording, so I can't compare).  However, I can say with certainty that there cannot be a better Javert than Philip Quast.  His cold and strong voice aids his character immeasurably.  Ball and MaGuire are also absolutely wonderful (it would be interesting to see how effective it would have been if they had switched roles).  And Lea Salonga, will people please give her a role where her character lives!  Her performance is great, but I would like to see her do Cosette.<br />  Finally, the anthem 'Do You Hear the People Sing' is incredible.  Other showstoppers include I Dreamed a Dream, and On my Own.
B000000OTU|5.0|Ever since my dad introduced me to Aerosmith two years ago, I have been a big fan.  I have heard everyone of there songs, seen all of their videos, etc.  As soon as I heard what songs where on this album, I ran out and bought it.  Boy was I happy.<br />The ablum features the greatest hits of greatest hits.  Songs like &quot;Dude(looks like a lady)&quot;, a funny song, popular from the film &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire&quot;.  Songs like &quot;Janie's Got a Gun&quot;, a really sad, very beautiful song.  My one problem with this album is there is no &quot;Dream On&quot;, which I really like.  But, other than that, it is awesome.  A must for for Aerosmith fans.
0684847817|5.0|First, I should confess that I bought this book in order to complete my library of Terri Windling titles, knowing nothing about the artist. Little did I know that the artist, Brian Froud, is one of the master &quot;faery painters&quot; of our day, and an artistic genius whose work I've enjoyed for years (through the films Dark Crystal and Labyrinth) without knowing his name. So once again I have Ms. Windling to thank for expanding my artistic horizons, just as she has expanded my literary horizons over many years. This is not a book for children, but a serious (if also whimsical) and sensuous look at faery legends, symbols and imagery. The text by Mr. Froud (with Ms. Windling's distinctive touch and guidance) is splendid, the pictures are fascinating. I highly recommend this book for the library of every fan of myth, legend, and nature lore. I would also recommend the lovely children's book by Mr. Froud's wife, Wendy Froud, also in collaboration with Ms. Windling. I give my thanks to all three of you for opening the door to this wondrous world.
B00000IPAX|5.0|After the hit song &quot;What's my age again?&quot; I decided to check out this CD.   Most people decide to list the songs that are the best in their reviews, so I guess I'll do the same...    1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12!!!   By the way, I ended up going to their concert (which was amazing) and now like them even more!
B00004XONN|4.0|With each release, Radiohead's music sounds less and less human. This album is more like a soundtrack to the twenty-first century devaluation of human experience. The machines don't rule completely, there is still the frail cry of man beneath the surface, but sounds and textures dominate thoughts on this outing. But what gorgeous sounds they are!  I miss the glory of Thom Yorke's haunting vocals, which made OK Computer one of the best albums ever made, but as usual Radiohead has made an album that captures the essence of the landscape that spawned it. Radiohead is by far the most original band alive, who, even in their most inhuman moments, have ten times more heart than the inane bubble-gum teen crap stinking up the current music scene.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Rather than using a watered-down punk sound for this more mature album, Green Day decided to inject their signiture sound with the catchiness of pop and classic rock. So there is no phoniness to be found here. There were examples of it on their very good album Nimrod, but on Warning, they go even further away from punk, and in the process, add nice new attributes to their songs. Check out the harmonica on &quot;Hold On.&quot; You'll be surprised it's a Green Day song. Billy Joe's distinctive voice is part of what makes Green Day so great, and his voice is in fine form. On &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; he again proves that he's a punk-sounding singer who is not overmatched by the ballad. &quot;Church On Sunday&quot; is a great example of their new message: we're not going to be saints, but we're getting a little wiser. This album is one of the few best of the year so far.
B00003CX5A|5.0|We think that Tim Burton produced the legend of Sleepy Hollow in the best format and the best way anyone could. This is certainly not a real horror movie, but more a type of gothic thriller with humor to ease the tension. That doesn't mean that the movie is lacking shocking scenes, because there are several scenes not suitable for individuals with heart problems. Francis Ford Coppola is the executive producer and we know he did Dracula a few years ago. The effects are very good, except for Johnny Depp being squirted with blood a few too many times, but since it's Depp it's not that annoying. Sleepy Hollow communicates the mood of a gothic thriller through its cinematography and with the supporting soundtrack very well. It almost appears to be a black and white movie, but of course it isn't, as some of the important colors emphasize certain situations, and they did a very professional job at it and this comes across very good. The musical score is also just perfect for this movie and adds a lot to tell the story and to communicate the dark, terrifying mood. We enjoyed the movie and during this season it's certainly the right movie to watch.
0790730960|4.0|&quot;Batman Returns&quot; is a darker less friendly film version of The Dark Night and it's all better for it.  Hitting thier strides in this sequel, Tim Burton and Michael Keaton make this Batman more dangerous and darkly funny.  This time Batman faces The Penguin, a sadly deformed freak who is bent on taking over the city.  Helping Penguin is Catwoman who is darkly attracted to the Batman.  It is the scenes between these two where the film finds it stride.<br />&quot;Batman Returns&quot; is more disturbing than the first film in that there are no easy answers this time.  The villians aren't clear cut black and white here they're all more human and sympathetic.  There's a scene, I think the best in the film where Keaton's Bruce Wayne is watching the Penguin on T.V.  It is during the lonely Christmas season as Keaton watches Penguin anguish in front of reporters how he misses his parents and wants to find them.  Keaton's subtle response is the most touching moment in the film.<br />With more character, fine acting and a good story.  &quot;Batman Returns&quot; proves to be the best film in the series.
6305127689|5.0|The story is cute ... a young pilot (Tom Cruise) has a romance with his flight instructor (Kelly McGillis). Along the way we get an inside view of the Top Gun clique. Great cinematography! Shots of fighter planes taking off on airplane carriers in the South China Sea, excellent combat scenes supported by a breathtaking soundtrack. In one scene Cruise is racing his motorcycle against a fighter jet on the runway at the backdrop of a sunset. If you own a fast car or convertible you must have the soundtrack, and the movie is fun to watch over and over again and it's a full entertainment experience. In our opinion, Top Gun is one of the best movies made in the 80s and should have its place in every DVD collection.
0790731002|2.0|Batman Forever is cartoonish, silly and filled with shallow performances.  Val Kilmer replaces Michael Keaton as Batman.  He turns in a souless performance, a complete walk through.  Chris O'Donnell is the only spark of interest in the film as Robin.  The rest of the characters include Tommy Lee Jones as Two-Face and Jim Carrey as The Riddler.<br />Under the direction of Joel Schumacher, the Batman entry looks like it's based on the campy Adam West series rather than the brooding Dark Night of the comics.  The emphasis here is on flashy sets and comic one liners.  This is the first dent in the Batman series and it only gets worse from here.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is a sad review in a way because when a group records their best album and it their last album its sad,but lets get to it. Side one-Come together John at his best. Something  George writing one of his best songs. Maxwell-I know its corny but its typical Paul melody. Oh darling- great rock ballad by paul his screaming is great. Octopuss Garden- nice little number by Ringo. I Want You- again John at his best with this song. Side 2-My favourite George songs Here Comes the Sun.  Because has great harmonies  but its about yoko. You Never Give Me Your Money- again Paul with his melodies. Sun King, Mean Mr Mustard and Polythene Pam. Nice little ones from John. She came in Through the Bathroom Window, Golden Slumbers, Carry That Weight and The End.  It as a great way how Paul put all these songs together. Tthe guitar solo at the end is brilliant. But like I said it was their last album.  If only the could have don 3 more years we would have great music. But we should enjoy what we have from them.
B000046PVN|5.0|John Williams' Superman score is his best effort.  Ranging from the soft tones of Smallville to the soaring hieghts of Metropolis, the Superman score offers grand themes of adventure, epic spectacle and romance.
B00004XONN|4.0|Many claim this is something we've &quot;never heard before&quot;.  Well this is not entirely true.  Anyone who listens to ambient music such as future sound of london can argue that statement, easily.  What this album does accomplish, however, is successfully combining rock elements with ambience, and not vica versa.  They are simply there to compliment the atmosphere, which is of course what this album is all about, creating a mood or feeling in you which our standard rock cannot offer.<br />Believing in music, not bands, is key to enjoying this album.  Radiohead creates challenging music every outing, progressing quite a bit.  This progression seems extreme, but the band was never about committing to any style other than their own--which for them is merely an outlet for expression.<br />In the rock sense, this makes no sense.  This is atmospheric music, something to be taken in and not rattling the bass speakers on your car, scaring the pants...er gown off old grandma Elka.  On the other hand, Ambient fans will certainly enjoy this, although it accompanies rock elements which sever its relations with that particular genre.  This is not a fusion of sound, just expression.  As hard as it is to understand these concepts, the album is even more complicated.  Thus, the most important thing to remember no matter what type of music you lean towards, is to keep an open mind.<br />I don't believe this an alternative rock album...or an ambience album.  Such comments would be giving misled implications of both genres.  Instead, I like to consider it a Radiohead album.
6305127638|1.0|Before I start please put all phasers on stun because this review's going to be ugly.  I hated &quot;Star Trek: First Contact&quot;.  It is a pretentious borefest, filled with stupid one-liners, poorly written set pieces, and a perposterous concept.  This film bears no resemblence to the wit, awe, and excitment of any of the previous films or any of the series.<br />It begins good enough as Picard and the Enterprise battle a Borg cube en route to Earth.  After an all too brief battle the Borg cube is easily destroyed but not before spitting a strange sphere into the Earth's atmosphere.  Picard and crew soon discover the cube has traveled back in time and assimilated the enire planet.  The Enterprise crew travel back in time with the Borg cube to avert this disaster. <br />From here the film falls apart.  The film tries to be epic in scale but instead concentrates on a clausterphobic environment and dank surroundings.  The story from here centers on the Enterprise crew's attempt to stop the Borg from averting earth's first contact with an alien race.  An important character here is the legendary Zefram Cochrane, the father of warp speed.  Cochrane first appeared in the classic Trek episode as a kind, noble and idealistic man.  Here he carries none of those traits, he's a coward whose only interest in warp speed is not the benefit of mankind but cash.  Where did this characteristic come from?<br />Another problem is the crew's total disregard of the &quot;Prime Directive&quot; of non-interference.  In previous episodes and films the stories always had fun with this concept as the crew contemplated how not to interfere too much with the natural flow of time.  Here they throw that concept out the window as Riker and a drunk Troi tell Cochrane that they're time/space travellers and that Cochrane's about to make the first warp jump.  They arrogantly assume that Cochrane needs their help.  Why?  Didn't Cochrane perform the experiment alone during the natural flow of time?Why would he need their help now?  Because it's &quot;cool&quot; and the Star Trek characters need something to do.<br />Other low points involve an achingly slow paced action sequence involving Picard and Worf during a space walk to the main deflector dish to stop the Borg from contacting another Borg collective.  This scene is not dependent on story or suspense or even action but instead shock value and stupid one-liners.  &quot;Assimilate this!&quot;????<br />Another disasterous scene is aboard the Enterprise as Picard is harrassed by a 21st century woman who is conveniently trapped aboard the ship as Picard's love interest.  The woman is angry that Picard has decided not to destroy the ship but stay and fight to the death with the Borg.  This scene could have been very good if it were between Picard and any one of the Enterprise characters.  Instead it feels forced and unrealistic.  Why would Picard listen to her?  Why are we supposed to care what she thinks?<br />The premise of time travel in Star Trek has always been interesting but this time, it doesnt' look or feel like time travel.  It just looks like the Enterprise crew are stuck in the woods.  There is no era that the crew travel to for the audience to relate to.  No old west, no depression era, no NASA launch and no 1980's humpback whales.<br />The film tries to be an entertaining blend of action, horror, romance, and comedy.  It does none of those qualities well.  I tried to enjoy &quot;First Contact&quot;, I really did.  The film has some great visual effects and soaring music by Jerry Goldsmith, but none of the great characteristics of what makes good Star Trek, only contrived scenes and 90's one liners.  This is the weakest Star Trek film ever, and a bad movie in it's own right.
B000002HFU|5.0|if you're reading this, you are debating on whether or not to get it.  JUST GET IT.  It's not deep or saying anything important, but it's a hip hop staple.  I skip a few songs. but the songs I listen to are needed to be heard by all rap fans, it's just too enjoyable.  It's got &quot;Shimmy shimmy ya&quot; and &quot;Brooklyn Zoo&quot; and &quot;Cuttin Heads&quot;.  Those  songs literally are enough to buy this album, to me at least. And then there's &quot;Damage&quot; which has ODB and GZA rapping and RZA producing and it is mad enjoyable. like most of the other songs.<br />ugh I am gonna stop wasting my time reviewing right now, but this album is perfect to me, besides -method man is lame on this -drunk game get's old after awhile, it's still funny though -protect ya neck 2 is boring boring boring.  those people must of been his best friends or something, and then, it goes to show what a nice guy ODB must be to waste recording time on this.
0790729652|3.0|&quot;Batman&quot; is a triumph of style over substance.  Every shot of this movie looks exactly how a Batman film should look.  The music, actors and effects are all appropriate.  The only thing that's lacking is a compelling story.  But the most disappointing thing about the film is it started a trend of the supporting villian overshadowing Batman.<br />First off, Michael Keaton is the best Batman.  He turns in a perfomance showing the glib smile of Bruce Wayne hiding the obsessed brooding crimefighter of Batman.  He is physically menacing and suprisingly vulnerable.  Unfortunately he is not the star of the movie.  Jack Nicholson steals every scene he is in and it is not very good for the movie.<br />It is not until the film's final battle where Nicholson's Joker and Keaton's Batman are on equal footing.  The worse thing though is Jack's Joker isn't convincing.  It's the same manic and threatening Jack perfomance that we've seen in The Shining and Witches of Eastwick, but it is not the Joker.<br />The film is overall good but it could have been great.
B00000K0T8|4.0|1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 11 12 13 <br />they're all great.  it's creative... um I shouldn't be reviewing anything right now. I'm tired and bored. It's full of that wu tang slang that you love.. and um it's got &quot;Winter Warz&quot; which is classic. great visuals and storytelling. the music is different, and for some reason I wouldn't say it's 'wu', but it's still hawt in it's own way.<br />I just realized if somebody boring did this album, like say, um Talib Kweli or Dilated Peoples, I'd be incredibly surprised and I'd easily give this five stars.  I'm just being hard because this is Wu-Tang.  So, um, this is a solid album by wu-tang standards and an exceptional album by anybody else's.  get this instead of Supreme Clientele!!!  Plus ghostface says his heart is cold like Russia.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I really hate it when you people come on here and do reviews when you haven't even heard the album. Just because they don't sell Manson merchandise at your Abercrombie and Fitch store, you don't have to give him bad reviews when you haven't heard the album. If he released Anti-Buddha Superstar, or Anti-Allah Superstar, nobody would give a damn, but this offends 2/3 of America so they have to bash it. This is one of the greatest concept albums ever created. It's an autobiographical journey through the life of Brian Warner, to Marilyn Manson. It's a lot like The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust in ways. He starts small, gets popular, and loses it. Man That You Fear is a lot like Rock 'N' Roll Suicide (by Bowie). It was very clever of him to place the sampled crowd noise in Irresponsible Hate Anthem and say it was recorded in Feb 1997, a good 4 months AFTER the album's release. The strongest tracks on here are The Beautiful People, Antichrist Superstar (the title track...sounds great live by the way), The Reflecting God, and Man That You Fear (a very sad closing song). I actually prefer Mechanical Animals and Holy Wood to this(I have an advance copy of it...it's GREAT), but this album is still awesome. There are some tracks that I like more than others, but none that I really dislike.
0780625854|3.0|I thought this movie was only going to be about strippers, but I was surprised that it actually had a plot.  (In this way, it reminded me a lot of Coyote Ugly- a movie I recommend more than Striptease).  However, the plot is very hackneyed and underdeveloped... as if the writer was just trying to find a plot instead of only showing strippers.  The strip scenes were convincing and pretty well done (although by far not the best they could have been, in my opinion), and there were some cute scenes with the girl.  Otherwise I wasn't much impressed with this movie.  It delivers what it promises- Demi Moore's (and some other nameless actress') half-naked bodies.  However, it stops right there and does not go over or even meet some viewer's expectations of plot, style, character depth, etc.  This video isn't a total flop and may be worth buying, but not if you are expecting a masterpiece.
0684869713|5.0|A strictly entertaining story or interesting philosophy is a notable achievement.  The capacity to combine both as only Kierkegaard and a few others have done before is a mark of special genius.  The first fiction read in years which I seemingly could not put down, I'm glad I held off reading &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; until my late-20s.  The marrow of this book -- its uncompromising stand against workplace compromise -- is a theme unlikely to be fully appreciated by younger readers.   &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is pure hyperbole, through and through.  Though its chief protagonist, Howard Roark, will have great appeal, hardly anyone could stand a friendship with so self-assured an &quot;ubermensch.&quot;  Few outside of Rand's world warrant such callous disregard for the judgment, experiences, and rational talents of others.  Yet it is precisely this hyperbole which drives home Rand's point so convincingly.  The lesson to be distilled?  If our lowest common denominator world is the &quot;thesis&quot; and Roark its &quot;antithesis,&quot; then the world is surely a better place at the &quot;synthesis&quot; -- that point of equilibrium where intelligent, principled independence is asserted and yet where accomodation doesn't necessarily connote capitulation.   &quot;Fountainhead&quot; is a must-read.
B000000H5J|5.0|Even though I personally like soul of a new machine more than this album, this album is surely the best album by FF. People who are interested in death metal, thrash metal, hardcore and Industrial metal will surely like this album. This album starts with a killer title track..which will make you bang your head until the song completely ends. The following tracks are powerful just like the first track, but will eventually have some melodic choruses. Replica is my favorite track in this album. The drum sounds are insane in this track. Also, H-K(Hunter-Killer) and Pisschrist are great tracks and the ending track A Therapy For Pain is great too. Overrall, this album is a killer, and I recommend this album to any heavy metal fans...
B000006E4C|4.0|Having heard the arguments of both the pro-Reich and anti-Reich camps, I figured it was time to explore things for myself.  Admittedly, the first time I heard this piece several years ago, it absolutely turned my stomach.  I found it to be an assault on everything I had ever considered music to be.  A friend kept insisting that I listen to it, he said &quot;You have to listen to it all the way through, and it helps if its raining outside.&quot;  I thought those were odd instructions for listening, but I tried it the next time it rained.  For some reason, the water coming down naturally helped bring out the shimmering, water quality of this music. (I got an added bonus in that it was raining but still sunny the first time I listened all the way through.)<br />Now, I don't need it to rain to listen to it.  I'm not saying that this is an easy piece to listen to, but it grows on you.  The subtle shifts become magical over time and you see how sometimes minimalism is really maximizing.  Reich is able to take a limited palatte of colors and work a vivid and varied rainbow of sound.  I was most amazed to find there were no electronics, samples, etc in the piece.  I thought for sure this was an electro-acoustic work.  When I found out that it was all performed live with no tape, that's when I became more impressed.<br />The voice parts must be incredibly difficult.  Granted this music is not for everyone, and its not even my favorite of all time (not even close), but for those out there that want to try something different, and are willing to experiment with an academic form of music, this is THE place to start.  Another good thing about it is, that unlike a lot of contemporary music, this isn't a bunch of dissonant noise.  Cello, violin, clarinets, pianos, sopranos and a myriad of mallet instruments make for an interesting combination.<br />This is highly recommended to the classical music lover that wants to step into minimalism or is an accessible point of entry into classical music for fans of more popular/alternative forms of rock music.  It takes some patience to get used to, but it can be really good.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This film is wonderful, my favorite movie, and it is not just a guy kind of film.  Such a story of Maximus and Rome appeals to all, and is a CD anone should buy.  Russell Crowe proves to be a strong and powerful actor and in fact writer.  Buy this film!
6303402348|1.0|Tom Hanks, the most overrated &quot;actor&quot; in hollywood, stars in this piece of tripe about a retarded coming up during the '60s, 70s and 80s. The film, designed to appeal to the Rush Limbaugh crowd, implies that &quot;dumb is good.&quot; Jenni, Forrest's on again off again girlfriend, represents all the evils of the '60s, while Forrest represents all that is good and true--what a clever binary opposition.  Not only is this &quot;film&quot; completely odious, you can't imagine how long and drawn out it is unless you've actually had to sit through it, which I don't recommend. I don't know how this piece of trash ever got made. Flush this box of chocalates down the toilet honey, you don't know where they've been!
B000001F7R|3.0|Def Leppard's debut (God, twenty years ago!) will immediately bring to mind a very rough AC/DC or Thin Lizzy.  Those who fell in love with the polish of &quot;Hysteria&quot; will cringe at the rawness of &quot;On Through The Night,&quot; but it's interesting to hear little forewarnings of what would become Leppard's great strengths--tight harmonies, hooky riffs, and those sneaky melodies.  This album was recorded extremely quickly, and it shows in muddy mixes.  Singer Joe Elliott sounds quite different as well--different enough so people familiar with the later Leppard stuff may not think it's him!  &quot;On Through The Night&quot; has its fans, and for an album that was recorded by a bunch of teenagers it's pretty good, but what they would become would not be properly introduced until &quot;High 'N' Dry,&quot; so I wouldn't recommend it to the casual Lep fan.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Selmasongs by Bjork is just plain amazing. The songs are featured in her Dancer In The Dark film and they can still hold their own even if you haven't seen the film. The tracks capture your imagination and are very well-written and original. &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; is a beautiful duet with Thom Yorke of Radiohead and &quot;In The Musicals&quot; is crazy. The orchestra on the album is fantastic and Bjork shows just how great a singer and songwriter she is. I can't wait to see the film. The Selmasongs EP has me anticipating it even more.
B00003CXDG|4.0|M:I2 is to say the least a vast improvement over the original 1996 movie. Tom Cruise returns as secret agent Ethan Hunt, a spy that even James Bond would like to have as his partner. The films' opening sequence is to say the least, breathtaking, as Hunt climbs on top of a mountain to receive his new assignment. From this point the action begins.John Woo, as usual, employs his slow motion action sequences, those which are similar to his 1997 classic &quot;Face Off&quot;, starring John Travolta and Nick Cage. The Dolby Digital soundtrack will knock your ear drums, to say the least your stereo system will receive a good workout. Although there are some scenes which could have been left on the editing room floor, such as the sappy love scenes, which really des not belong in this kind of movie. Watch for an exciting chase sequence near the film's conclusion involving motorcycles, which takes the film to a new level.In conclusion the film earns four stars for its' clever action sequences and a plot which is easy to swallow, considering the near IMPOSSIBLE to follow plot of the original. Remember, this was the #1 money maker of 2000. Needless to say a dissapointing year at the movies. Where is Star Wars when you need it
0790736233|5.0|It's exhilarating to watch a film like Contact.  It's a awe-inspiring, excitingly told tale of a woman and her dreams to discover life beyond Earth.  After a beautiful opening shot, the film unfolds slowly but with great care.  This is one of those sci-fi films I watch on a regular basis, like the vastly underrated Mission to Mars, as they both involve the discovery of something beyond belief.<br />With all the previews and commericals, it's obvious Jodie Foster's character, Ellie Arroway, will make the trip around the galaxy in the spacecraft.  This really doesn't happen until about 110 minutes into the film (it runs at approximately 150 minutes), yet it never, not even for a second, tested my patience.  Everything leading up to that moment was perfect, all the way from the intriguing and original plot (for once, we should go to the aliens, not the other way around), the great acting and character development, and the breathtaking visuals, particularly in the final half hour.<br />Contact is pure magic; it's the kind of film one always hopes for:  an intelligent, thought-provoking, and still feel good film.  Definitely a must see to anybody with even a casual interest in this genre.
B000002LK1|4.0|...if the Cure played pop music, they would probably sound like Depeche Mode. This is synth-pop with a taste for dark and oppressive atmospheres. The '80 were littered with synth-pop records and while most of them are (predictably) mainstream rubbish, some manage to break the well-known rule &quot;if it sells more than 10000 copies then it isn't probably worth mentioning&quot;.  In short DM stood out as one of those bands who manage to sell zillions of records while playing (mostly) top-quality music. Sadly they were among the last of their kind (just have a look at Billboard and try to spot a name that deserves more than a 0, artistically) Beware of the Britneys...
B00004XQP4|5.0|Okay, on the first listen, I loved the slower tracks but wasn't too sure about the more upbeat ones like Church on Sunday because the tune sounded a bit too simple and poppy.  However, after another listen, Warning sounded really great.  The title track is okay, but Blood, Sex and Booze, Macy's Day Parade and Misery are brilliant, and Fashion Victim is really good (i like the anorexia-go-go line, very ironic!).  Basically, all the other reviews saying it's too slow should try and be a bit more open minded- just because there are a few new instruments (okay, the saxophone does sound crap!) and the band have evolved, these green day 'fans' say it's not punk.  Buy this, it's really worth it!
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is definitely one of the greatest Nine Inch Nails releases ever!  If you've heard &quot;Fixed&quot;, then this is much the same thing, but it is much more harsh and abrasive.  Two of the tracks, Pinion and Help Me I am in Hell, are musical interludes, but they make it work.  The best two tracks here are Wish and Physical (A cover of an Adam Ant song).  Simply awesome, and a must-own for any real fan of industrial music.
B00003CX5A|1.0|Geez, this movie BITES!  I don't know why it gets good reviews, but don't believe them.  I had to see it twice because I couldn't believe it was so bad!  I'd tell you the ending, but I forgot.  It wasn't even worth remembering.  If you want a woodland horror, get BLAIR WITCH.  Please don't let them make any more money on this ...
0399143904|4.0|Rainbow Six is a story about a counter-terror team headed by John Clark. In the beginning of the story, Rainbow is dispatched to three seperate terrorism incidents in Bern, Spain, and Vienna. Eventually, they are attacked by PIRA soldiers, at a local hospital, employed by Dmitry Popov who is employed by John Brightling of Horizon Corporation. They capture many of the soldiers and one of them, Sean Grady, identifies Popov and Rainbow starts an investigation into the information leak. Popov, in the meantime, is flown to Kansas to be protected by Brightling. Popov finds out about his plot to kill everyone in the world and he escapes and contacts Clark. He tells them of their plot and contacts Ding Chavez in Sydney, who is able to stop them from carrying it out. Finally, Rainbow is able to track Brightling and his people on their way to Brazil and their alternate base and Rainbow Six, Clark, and Rainbow are able to shut them down.     For a change, this was a book I really liked. I usually don't find myself motivated to read, but this book really was an exception. True, at times it got a little uninteresting but, the book as a whole was great. There was lots of action and a good plot. Clancy really made it easy to feel what the characters were feeling and what they were going through. Clancy really made it hard for me to put the book down.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Possibly one of the best DVD presentations I've seen recently.  This DVD is definantly a must-have for Rocky Horror fans, or anyone who can appreciate good DVDs.  With an entire disc of supplementary features, including interviews, music videos, theatrical trailers, as well as the games, trivia and commentary available on the first disc, this DVD is well-presented with a great sound and video quality, and very tasteful packaging.  The selection menus are easy to use, and the different versions of the movie are great.  On a personal scale of one to ten, the 25th Anniversary RHPS DVD rates at probably a 9 or 10.
B00000IPAX|1.0|When I bought this CD it was great. But as I've had it for a little while now, it is starting to borring, right now the only song I is THE PARTY SONG but it isn't as good as it used to be.  There is only around half an hour worth og music on it.  Its really not worth buying<br />Thank-you Blink 182, but I like Great Canadian Bands Insted.
B00004XONN|3.0|this is not a bad cd.  not by any means.  however...it's not radiohead.  and i'm sick of reviews touting it as brilliant. it's not brilliant.  many many bands have done thing, better.  just because thom yorke does it doesn't mean it's brilliant.  i love radiohead.  the bends is quite possibly my favorite cd of all time.  and that's why kid a disappoints me so much.  because, while it's good for bands to reinvent themselves, it just makes me sad that radiohead feel the need to go in this direction, where so many have gone before.  you're a rock band, guys. keep it that way.
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass, Philip Pullman's final book in the His Dark Materials Triology, is truly well-written and a satisfactory ending to the saga of Lyra, Will, and the friends. The action alternates throughout the book switching from the experiences of Will and Lyra (which include the Land of the Dead. I can not explain without ruining the book), Dr. Mary Malone, who meets creatures who can see the elusive particle dubbed DUST, and the crusades of Lord Asriel and Mrs. Coulter.  New characters are also introduced and old ones are brought back to finish the story. However, the end might just tear your heart out. I honestly couldn't stop thinking about the book after I read it. Though Mr. Pullman sometimes stretches the believability of his story, it remains to be a member of three of the most well-written and stunning pieces of literature ever created.
0553106635|5.0|Had you given up hope that a fantasy series that started out great could ever stay great as the story wound on?  Do you take it for granted that fantasy authors with a successful formula will milk the cow to exhaustion?  Do you expect action to always degrade to repitition?  <br />Well, take heart!  You're wrong.  I thought the first 2 volumes of this series were great fantasy.  I think this volume is great, period, forget restricting it to the not very demanding standard of fantasy.<br />Martin continues his technique of telling the story from many different points of view.  Every chapter delivers action, surprise, real development.  Every one of the dozens of chapters.  Unexpected developments, complicating developments, characters who refuse to stay within any one-dimensional cliche of good or bad, characters who form surprising aliances with each other, characters who grow and change in ways I at least would never have guessed.<br />I was eager for this next volume.  I had no idea how fascinated I would be.  It's a very big book.  It is too short.
0613021339|5.0|Everyone knows the story of The Three Little Pigs.  This story, as the title suggests, switches the roles.  The three little wolves build heavy-duty fortresses, all of which the big bad pig destroys in ingenious and humorous ways.  My sons laughed throughout the story.  Finally, the wolves build a house out of sticks and flowers.  Their scent tames the savage beast and they live happily ever after.The illustrations add to the already humorous plot.  I liked this version better than the classic because it teaches children that although there are consequences for bad behavior, the pig was forgiven instead of banished.
B000002UAU|4.0|...but still pretty damn good.  My answer to the lifelong question &quot;which is better, Sgt. Pepper or Pet sounds&quot; is Pet sounds.  To me, the responce is mixed.  Sgt.  Pepper, however, has it's moments.  Lucy in the sky with diamonds it an excellent song.  Contrary to popular belief, &quot;Lucy&quot; was not written about drugs.  It was written after Lennon saw a picure his son brought home from school his friend had drawn, and the picture inspired him. (\\")When I'm Sixty Four(\\") is another great song.  The Beatles told George Martin that everything on Sgt. Pepper had to be different.  It certainly was.  While to me it is overated, it certainly is an excellent album.  But just remember, Pet Sounds was Sgt. Pepper's inspiratio. ...
0684853523|5.0|I have been an avid reader of Stephen King's books for twenty years.  This book is a culmination of his entire career, starting out with his basement-run newspaper.  I wonder how many of his writer fans will start nailing their rejection letters to their walls with spikes.On Writing is one-third autobiography and two-thirds how-to.  I enjoyed the whole book, particularly the spike and the high school newspaper that got him in trouble with the faculty and landed him his first job as a sports writer.In the how-to sections, he talks about grammar, style, punctuation, etc.  There is even an excerise involving changing the point of view in a scene, which you can send to his e-mail address.  He also talks about what it was like to be an alcoholic and drug addict while trying to keep his career afloat, and how  writing saved him and his family.Last, but not least, he talks about the accident that nearly killed him.  He relates the actual occurrence in a mechanical tone, which didn't surprise me due to the nature of his injuries and the amount of pain he was (and still is) in.  The anger against Bryan Smith (now deceased) is quite clear.  He'll get through that like he has through everything else­­by writing.
B000000WFZ|5.0|I hold no other soundtrack in higher esteem than this one. One year I bought ten copies to give as Christmas presents (a perfect Christmas gift) for friends and family. Every track moves me. Every track comes back to my memory as the preceeding track ends. It flows naturally and perfectly from track to track. Ennio Morricone ranks next to Bernard Herrmann in writing the perfect movie score. If you're looking for a piece of music to capture your heart and the deeper meaning of the holidays, you've found it.
B0000029DD|5.0|OK, I forgot Music From Big Pink.
B00004UEDQ|3.0|Sandra Bullock spends a month in rehab after a drunk driving incident.  Surprisingly entertaining and engrossing movie has a lot of laughs (maybe too many for the subject matter) and some great lines. Bullock gives a terrific performance as a bright but troubled writer caught up in a party crowd. Rarely goes for the predictable.
6304913176|3.0|This movie has so many bugs, I just tell U a few funny ones: The meteorite, which destroys Buenos Aires is travelling under lightspeed and gets to earth in an instant. The bugs don´t have any technology, but manage to send this big stone exactly to one city. The human race managed to travel faster than light, but can´t see a meteorite coming slowly in on earth. The bugs live on a planet, where there is no vegetation and nothing to eat. Earth is sending troopers (some kina space marines) to fight with the bad bugs in hand to hand (or machine gun to claw)combat, instead of blowing the whole place up. The troopers are weak girls and boys......<br />This movie is ironic! And it should be shown only to really grown up adults, who can understand this irony!  It is not for those 14 year olds, who mostly watched it!  Only adults, who can get some kind of positively sick, can regard it as fun-movie. The satire on Nazi-uniforms, typical US-war propaganda and stalinistic lifestyle has to be understood! It´s a lot of gore there, yes, and it´s funny (but only the first five minutes).<br />For all the prude US-citizens, who even care for the so called sex/nudity: I could´nt see any sex in this movie, or is kissing considered sex? And some naked breasts in a shower scene is not a lot of nudity. In Europe you get more breasts to see in the commercial break, than in this movie! If You can stand it (as an intelligent adult), watch this movie once, enjoy the gore and the fun parts and then forget about it.
B0000060NF|5.0|In my lifetime, only Marvin Gaye's &quot;What's Going On&quot; has had the ability to transplant me from my current state to the actual &quot;feelings&quot; I had during the era in which this album was recorded. Although I was only in junior high school at the time, I remember  what the country was going through. Anyone old enough to remember  can surely relate. Musically, this album has very few equals. As a previous reviewer stated, there's something magical about the opening sax solo - brief as it may be - on the title track. The constant hollow, echoed beat of the congas in the background only adds to the gloomy, somewhat depressing message that the song conveys. It's that rare occasion when the music fits the words, and vice-versa. Couple this with the album's cover photo of Marvin standing in the rain, seemingly staring blankly outward, and mood is set. The entire album just drips with realism and imagery. Don't get me wrong; this is a positive review. I cannot get enough of this album. You simply have to listen to it over and over again. For anyone interested in a fantastic article detailing the recording of this album (especially the title track) andhow it came to be from soup to nuts, there's an issue of &quot;Mojo&quot; magazine from the Fall of 1999 in which Marvin and this album is the featured cover story. Reading this article only helped me to appreciate this album even more. Get the album, then find that magazine - you'll know exactly what I mean.
B00003CWHS|5.0|THIS IS A  DIFFERENT CUT THEN THE ONE YOU SAW IN THE MOVIE THEATER. One-liners are changed, scenes are altered, and the ending is the original ending. So this is a true directors cut, the one that the great Sam raimi gave to Universal. To be honest i like this addition a whole lot more then the standard version. So if your a Army of darkness freak buy it, soon.
B00003CXFU|5.0|This has to be one of Julia Robert's best films ever. I loved her portrayal of a gutsy single mom raising three kids on her own. It is a feel good movie with humour and sensitivity. The real Ms. Brockavich must be a fantastic person.
0767903854|1.0|Where has the earlier Bill Bryson gone?  While I found &quot;Notes from a small island&quot; amusing and light hearted, and &quot;I'm a stranger here myself&quot; a well written collection of anecdotes, I've had to put this book down apart 1/3 way through.<br />Gone is most of the humor and light style of his earlier work.  This book seems intent on rehashing the same points time and again, and on giving a cultural and historical lecture.<br />I definitely do not recommend this book.
0452281881|5.0|The cover of the book caught my eye, and I took a look at it.  I'm glad I did.  I am a person who participates in a lot of mailing lists, and as you can see from other reviews, this focuses on the e-mail within a company.  Thus, it was right up my alley. I found myself chuckling often.<br />Some of the best parts are when one e-mail (&quot;e&quot; for short) is sent/read, then the next e has someone else talking about the repurcussions of what was said.  The back stabbing and two-facedness of it all is wonderful.  And for those who have read it, just how long does it take to fix a printer cable?<br />As previously mentioned, this is a pretty quick read, but well worth the money.<br />Buy this book.  You won't regret it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Oh good gracious me, where should I start?  This &quot;music&quot; is downright awful!  Bubblegum pop trash with not an ounce of talent whatsoever!  Britney can't sing to save her soul.  And don't get me started on her version of (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction!  My advice:  Don't buy this ridiculous bubblegum pop trash!  Buy some REAL music like Styx, Journey, REO Speedwagon, etc.  THOSE bands are capable of putting out REAL music.  They write their own songs and play their own instruments.  (Something Bratney doesn't do!)
0593044703|4.0|There's good new and no so good news.<br />The good new is, Erikson's \\"The Gardens of the Moon\\" is a fat, intelligent and wonderfully convoluted fantasy novel. Along with Ricardo Pinto's quite dissimilar but equally intelligent \\"The Chosen\\", this is one of the best genre debuts to appear in the last two or three years. (As an aside: Erikson is a Canadian, now living in the UK. Pinto is Portuguese, but also lives in the UK. Hmm, wonder if I should emigrate too? After all, look at Poirot... Quite good for the little grey cells, it seems).<br />The not so good news (well, the daunting news, at least) is that \\"Gardens\\" seems to be the first of a projected 10-volume series. Oh dear! Not again! <br />Of course, the good news is not going to sound too good if you don't like \\"military\\" fantasy. \\"Gardens\\" is very much about war, dealing as it does with the Empress of Malazan attempting to conquer, by foul means rather than fair, everything in (and indeed out of) her site. There's a lot of intrigue and a lot of politics, and there's a hell of a lot of (deftly distributed) historical background, but in this first instalment at least, that's what it pretty much boils down to. <br />Conversely, the not so good news is going to sound very sweet if you're the sort of reader who gobbles up each and every of Glen Cook's \\"Black Company\\" books the moment they appear. \\"Gardens\\" is not only similar to the Black Company series in that it deals mainly with the often magical struggles between irreconcilable and not quite comprehensible adversaries, but also in that it generally depicts events from the viewpoint of the more or less \\"ordinary\\" soldier (sorcerous or otherwise). Erikson is, however, better at this than Cook; he is also rather more ambitious.<br />Think of it this way: \\"Gardens\\" is reminiscent of Cook, if Cook wrote like George R.R. Martin. That should give you an idea.<br />Finally: this is not a book for the casual reader. If you tend to read a chapter or so every few weeks,don't bother. You're bound to get confused. There're just too many characters, too many deviations, too many goings-on. This is one of those books that demands your attention.<br />Well then, that's that. I'm off to England!
0679879269|5.0|Wow. The Amber Spyglass is all I hoped for and more. It brings this series to an amazing and thrilling end. The charectures are great, and the most unique yet. The dialog, the setting, the action, its brilliant. The plot is fantastic and leaves nothing to be desired. Phillip Pullman is an author who knows just how much to sacrifice without ruining the book, but crossing a line to make you cry. I will be sad to see my favorite charectures adventures stop. Simply astonishing.
B00000K2SC|5.0|\\"Fun\\" is the exact word to describe this film. It features wonderful visual effects, the music is fabulous and the cast is outstanding. Keanu Reeves as Neo is the perfect cast. Neo is the hero figure, which symbolizes a certain ornament to the general plot, other than being the plot. Much like Keanu himself.<br />The movie may seem a little childish at first, a little shallow. But you'll feel an uncontrollable urge to see it again. And once you do that, and you will, you'll find this hidden depth. You won't be sure of it the first time, so you'll see it again, trust me... you will. I bought it a few months ago and I'm trapped in this cycle ever since. And I'm a happier man. :)
B00003CX8J|4.0|Wow!Now this is one heck of a sci-fi\action flick!Brian Singer sure proved to be a man of many skills.X-men is by far one of the best comic book-to movie-adaptations with only the original Batman and Batman Returns being on the same level.Why?First of all it actually has a script(no Batman &amp; Robin bull),secondly it's a believable plot.Then we have the characters:all of them are suberb!Singer obviously did his homework cause these characters mirror the comic book heroes in an amazing way,both with the use of their powers and their way of thinking and actions.Then we have the action scenes which are breathtaking and put movies like M:I2 into shame(it's up there with the Matrix,honest) and special effects the likes of which we haven't seen in a while(again since Matrix).Plus the way Singer &quot;ends&quot; the movie is really smart 'cause he doesn't really close any chapters ,just saying &quot;i'll be back with a sequel&quot;.The way it finishes kind of reminds me of the original Star Wars ,as if it's part of a series:In fact,the movie itself is just like a comic book issue..there is always next month!The only critisism i have for X-men is that it is very short.It couldv'e been a lot longer and there for better.That is the only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.Make part 2 longer please!
B00003CXE7|5.0|As an avid enthusiast of the Roman Empire, and an author of a few books and novels on the subject, I gladly and eagerly awaited the arrival of this film in theatres.  When I saw it, I was not only gratified by the vivid images of the by-gone Empire, but thoroughly enthralled by this captivating epic.  Though its true, there are a number of historical inaccuracies, one can forgive them in the light of this brilliant film.  It is more or less true to the era.  The opening shots of a disorderly charge against a stubborn band of Barbarians is both frighteningly real and utterly fascinating.  I cannot remember the last time I was so satisfied with a film.
0793573742|5.0|If you have ever stopped dead in your tracks at the sight of a flame top Les Paul, unable to move until you had taken in its breathtaking beauty, prepare to kiss two full days goodbye.  Iwanade has succeeded in presenting more mouthwatering photos of these treasures of the fifties than a Les Paul nut can handle.  After the first fifty pages you are on Sunburst overload.  Your senses are so befuddled that you feel $30,000 isn't that much money, after all.<br />These guitars vary in condition from scum city (just about all of the guitars from Slash's collection) to so mint that you become convinced that someone has secretly invented the time machine.  Another variable is the tops.  Iwanade presents Pauls ranging from almost plain to neurotically curled.<br />To those blind to the overt power and sexuality of a vintage Les Paul, I would suggest a book documenting the development of the Fender Jaguar.  But for those who would sell an internal organ for a piece of vintage history like this, there isn't a better book on the market.
B00004VXF2|5.0|Metal Machine Music marked a significant departure for Lou Reed when it was first released in 1975.  At the time, Lou was best known for the avant-garde rock of the Velvet Underground and a string of pop-rock albums in the early '70s.  On this album, however, Lou shows his versatility by abandoning vocals and traditional song forms to give us a series of relaxing instrumentals in a variety of styles.  Part 1 features a series of funky jazz stylings with a distinctive bossa-nova flavor. Part 2 is more bluesy (really blues-jazz) and has a somewhat darker feel to it.  Part 3 is more upbeat and danceable, and harks back to early swing or even lounge music, if you can believe it.  Part 4 ties the rest of the music together and brings in a classical element reminiscent of Debussy or Satie.  The remastering is welcome, as some of the more subtle aspects of the music were lost in the previous CD version.  All in all, this is a wonderful album for those rainy Sunday afternoons with your Special Someone.  Start a big crackling fire in the fireplace, open up a bottle of fine wine and listen to Metal Machine Music while watching the embers glow - you'll be glad you did!
B00004XONN|1.0|This CD is so over-rated! Kid A might be one of the biggest let-downs (no pun intended) of all time! That said I do love &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; and &quot;Optomistic&quot; is OK. But the rest is like they found out what keyboard effects could do and couldn't stop playing with them. A liken this to something in a design program you can't stop doing no matter how cheesy it is. Radiohead have simply chosen to under-achieve. That will be more than enough for the brainless masses known as their &quot;true fans&quot;. But listen people - I happen to be a fan of music not a band's every move. Next CD please Thom, and this time try will ya?
B00004XONN|1.0|The response to this has been lets say - fanatical. I have seen many people saying those who don't like it need to open up a bit - PLEASE.<br />Kid A is one big mess. It is so PRETENTIOUS I wanna gag! The songs are little journeys to nowhere. There is no payoff for a song like Kid A. There are so many people willing to give this 5 stars and a glowing review when in fact they know its not that good at all. Some are just a bit dazed by who is responsible for this. And so am I. I wanted more - not this lame excuse of a band evolving, we heard this before, U2's Pop, R.E.M.'s Monster, Suede's Head Music and Bowie's Hours. All extreme disappointments in the big scheme of things. Kid A fits right along with all that. It's an album that tries way too hard and achieves nothing. I'm sure this is how they wanted it, millionaires can get a bit goofy on you at times and these guys are laughing all the way to the bank.<br />That said, the song How To Disappear... is a marvelous track that I really really love. Too bad about the rest.
0790733226|1.0|I'd give it no stars if I could.  I saw this movie in Denver when it first came out.  Ruined my vacation.  Just had to come here today and rip on it a bit.  My least fav. movie of all time next to Disney's &quot;Hercules.&quot;  Jodie Foster simply cannot act and has no looks.  Matt M. did pretty good and Tom Skerritt also preformed very well.  Story is very lame and ending was even worse.  I thought this show would never get over.  Then when it did end, I had to wait for the credits to make sure, and left thinking &quot;that's it.&quot;  I was thankful it was over, but thought that &quot;the projection worker had to of fast-forwarded it to help me out.&quot;  Graphics were pretty good, but I wouldn't pay to see them again.  I wish I could get my money back from the theater and forget I ever saw it.
B00004XONN|1.0|The response to this has been lets say - fanatical. I have seen many people saying those who don't like it need to open up a bit - PLEASE.<br />Kid A is one big mess. It is so PRETENTIOUS I wanna gag! The songs are little journeys to nowhere. There is no payoff for a song like Kid A. There are so many people willing to give this 5 stars and a glowing review when in fact they know its not that good at all. Some are just a bit dazed by who is responsible for this. And so am I. I wanted more - not this lame excuse of a band evolving, we heard this before, U2's Pop, R.E.M.'s Monster, Suede's Head Music and Bowie's Hours. All extreme disappointments in the big scheme of things. Kid A fits right along with all that. It's an album that tries way too hard and achieves nothing. I'm sure this is how they wanted it, millionaires can get a bit goofy on you at times and these guys are laughing all the way to the bank.<br />That said, the song How To Disappear... is a marvelous track that I really really love. Too bad about the rest.
0441003257|3.0|Quite simply....a funny book. One of the few so called \\"humor\\" books that actually makes you laugh. So far I've read this novel and \\"Neverwhere\\" by Gaiman, and in both the characters are much more appealing than the actual surrounding story line. Gaiman (and I guess Pratchett, although I'm not too familiar with him) has a knack for creating unique, cartoonish characters that project their image right off the page and into your imagination. You don't read his books, you view them. I guess that talent comes from years working as a graphic novelist. Very entertaining.
0380002930|5.0|I have been a fan of the Redwall books, and on each book it said on the back cover or somewhere, dedicated to Watership Down. I checked out the book and fell in love with it, I read it in a day it just completely captured me and swallowed me up in the ever suspenseful story. Talking rabbits? Don't be so skeptical. Read it, because trust me, you'll love it.
B00004XONN|4.0|Nothing from the band that released Pablo honey in 1992 is left here, all the crunchy guitars, and the grunge tunes are gone. Radiohead started to calm down when they released &quot;The bends&quot; one of the best albums of that year, and they Smashed the charts when Ok computer came to our minds with the long 3 parts divided &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; single, along with the melancholic &quot;Karma Police&quot;. What about Kid A? well..what can I say about this, first of all yo have to listen to this one several times before getting what Thom and everyone else wanted you to hear. sometimes it's obscure, sometimes sad, sometimes they even play some nice ballads, some synth pop like songs. Not too easy to listen, but once you start to understand the freaky nature of their minds, you start to like this Cd. It might not be as powerful as OK computer, it might not sell the same amount of copies. But it will give people something to talk about, and to think about for a while after you listen to this one...
B00004XONN|4.0|OK, you can't write a review of this or any Radiohead album after just a few days! It has to sink in on you (about a week or two). No one knew what to expect for Radiohead's new album. &quot;OK COMPUTER II&quot;?,  . . . <br />But we know Thom and Co. are better than that. &quot;Kid A&quot; stands on its own, without relying on the band's past albums to give you faith in it.<br />What Nirvana was to the early 90s, Radiohead is to the late 90s and new millenium. They garner incredible acclaim and die-hard fans, and deserve it. They are the true innovators of music.<br />THANK GOD FOR RADIOHEAD; where would music be without them?<br />Anyway, &quot;KID A&quot;: you can dance or cry to the beat-heavy track, &quot;Idoteque&quot;; you'll just cry to &quot;How to disappear completely&quot;; &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; and &quot;The National Anthem&quot; are awesome, as well as all of the songs!!!! &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; is a piece of heaven--harps and chorus included!!<br />You won't listen to OK COMPUTER or THE BENDS for a while--KID A will be on repeat on your CD player--you won't get enought of it. It's a beautiful mystery.<br />Don't think you're the only one who knows OK COMPUTER by heart; don't think you're the only one hypnotized by KID A; don't think you're the only one who goes to your room by yourself, blasts Radiohead and lip syncs, dances, and grooves to it!!!<br />There's hundreds, thousands, millions of us!!!
B00004RITP|4.0|Gustav Mahler's Tenth Symphony is for me one of the most beautiful and anguished art works ever created. I've called Mahler's Tenth &quot;the greatest piece of music never written&quot; because it remained unfinished at the time of his death. Although parts of the symphony are complete and orchestrated, and there is a continuity of music in an abbreviated composer's shorthand known as &quot;short score&quot; from beginning to end, so much is left undone that Mahler originally told his wife Alma to burn it. There are three or four substantial versions of the work--the most significant are the two created by musicologist Deryck Cooke. It is the second of these, done in collaboration with Berthold Goldschmidt, Colin Matthews and David Matthews, that is recorded on this EMI Classics CD of the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Sir Simon Rattle. Clearly this is not exactly what Mahler would have presented; but in the words of Cooke, &quot;Mahler's music, even in its unperfected and unelaborated state, has such significance, strength and beauty, that it dwarfs into insignificance any uncertainties.&quot; I agree wholeheartedly. This is not a piece of music I would want to be without, regardless of its provenance. In the climax of the first movement, for example, the pain of loss is practically tangible.<br />This is a truly unique achievement--music like this has not existed before or since. Mahler stood at the cusp of the modern century; but his contribution is the last dying breath of Romanticism. All the tools and techinques of tonal music were his to command, and where expression demanded it he expanded his musical world to include sonorities well outside the traditional tonal realm. But most significantly Mahler constructed the richest, most subtle musical world I know of; one in which sudden juxtapositions and superimpositions of mood create a psychological tensions and movements that mirror real life. During the composition of the 10th Mahler visited Sigmund Freud as a patient; while there he recalled an incident when as a child he was traumatized by his father beating his mother. As he ran out of the house, he came upon an organ-grinder playing merrily away. This juxtaposition of emotions is key to understanding Mahler's music. For example, the fourth movement is a scherzo. For Beethoven and other composers the scherzo was a light movement, a joke; but the stunning intensity and contrast of emotions shown in Mahler's work belie such origins.<br />Another of Mahler's contributions lies in his concept of melody. For Mahler, a melody was not just to be performed on one instrument, but by the whole orchestra. His position as a conductor of world-reknowned orchestras gave him the opportunity to learn the orchestra as no one else had, and so his melodies pass from one instrument to another, from one section to another, without regard for practical limitations imposed by a single instrument. Leaps follow one another in the same direction creating melodies that literally soar, and they attain an astonishing level of feeling as a result.<br />My sole criticism of this disc is the performance.  The tuba is decidedly weak in the opening of the last movement, and the brass, particularly the trumpets, often unpleasantly brash. This is very surprising given the orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic--indeed,there is no other recording they've made that I feel this way about. This is a live recording, but frankly the performance does not meet the demands of the piece consistently. That is not to say that it is bad, although tempi are often too slow for my taste; just inconsistent.s a patient; while there he recalled an incident when as a child he was traumatized by his father beating his mother. As he ran out of the house, he came upon an organ-grinder playing merrily away. This juxtaposition of emotions is key to understanding Mahler's music. For example, the fourth movement is a scherzo. For Beethoven and other composers the scherzo was a light movement, a joke; but the stunning intensity and contrast of emotions shown in Mahler's work belie such origins.<br />Another of Mahler's contributions lies in his concept of melody. For Mahler, a melody was not just to be performed on one instrument, but by the whole orchestra. His position as a conductor of world-reknowned orchestras gave him the opportunity to learn the orchestra as no one else had, and so his melodies pass from one instrument to another, from one section to another, without regard for practical limitations imposed by a single instrument. Leaps follow one another in the same direction creating melodies that literally soar, and they attain an astonishing level of feeling as a result.<br />My sole criticism of this disc is the performance.  The tuba is decidedly weak in the opening of the last movement, and the brass, particularly the trumpets, often unpleasantly brash. This is very surprising given the orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic--indeed,there is no other recording they've made that I feel this way about. This is a live recording, but frankly the performance does not meet the demands of the piece consistently. That is not to say that it is bad, although tempi are often too slow for my taste; just inconsistent.
B000002JS6|5.0|If you say that you like hard-rock,then you should have AC/DC's &quot;Back In Black&quot;!!!It's absolutely amazing!!!Pure Perfection!!! Although Bon Scott died,AC/DC continued to prove that the band's mind is (mainly)Angus and Malcolm Young!!!Brian Johnson was excellent...they made a great bond... you can hear it!!!  But,that is history,let's talk about music...Do you like beers?Do you like head-banging?Do you like good hard-rock music?do you like Boogie-rock?If,yes do not hesitate!!!If not,hear it and then you would like all of the above!!!The first track  shows you,what we've got...HELLS BELLS (dan-dan-dan)Perfect!!!The perfect intro,for a perfect LP!!!  Honestly,I can't find a song,that isn't perfect...It will be quite boring,to analyse all the song's!!!!Just buy it!!!!
0140288503|5.0|I Have read many books about the Rangers, being a VietNam era Ranger myself.This is by far the best I have ever read. Mark puts you right in there with the men, as they fight for their lives. One reveiwer said Mark did not put much about the Delta  Force in this book, but the reader must remember that most of the Delta Force people are sworn to keep their exploits secret. I think there was enought in the book about the Delta Force to let you know what kind of people the Somalis were dealing with. The Rangers are a very well trained bunch of young men , but the Delta Force this is their specialty. I have read the book twice and plan on reading it again in the future. Roadrunner 6 out
B00004T37H|5.0|I first heard about Princess Mononoke in the magazine SPIN. They gave it an excellent review and I've been dying to watch it. Finally, at my local Hollywood Video, I saw a copy of it and rented it. I was stunned and amazed on how this movie came together! Excellent plot and beautifuly done animation! Now, after seeing this, I been dying to know where I can buy a copy of my own. The plot is easy to understand: A young prince from a village is inflected with a deadly curse that will cause his body and spirit to turn evil. To do away with the curse, he sets off to find the Great Forest Spirit, the only one who can cure him. He arrives in Iron Town and meets up with Lady Eboshi (voiced by Minnie Driver) who plans on taking over the forest where the gentle spirit lives. Lady Eboshi also plans to do away with Princess Mononoke (voiced by Claire Danes), a young girl raised by the wolves of the forest.  A classic battle between man and nature will see the outlook on who will rule the land, viewers will love the dialoge spoken by well-known American actors such as Minnie Driver, Claire Danes, Gillian Anderson, Billy-Bob Thortan, and more. What else can I say, this is one movie you won't be disapointed in.
6302424887|1.0|I love the play. I hate this movie. Why? Because, even though the play contains violence and some sexual undertones, this movie heightens them to a billion times what's in the play for no real reason. Why were all the witches naked? Why was Lady Macbeth naked? It seems rather odd that in that cold, windy atmosphere someone would be walking around in the middle of the night au natural. Yes, I know she's supposed to be losing it, but Ophelia still remained clothed and she was the maddest of them all! Plus, what was up with all the blood and gore? In the play, there are some sword fights and people are killed, but never this graphically. Everyone in this movie seems to suffer from a need to overkill. Duncan is stabbed numerous times and then stabbed a billion more times just for good measure (in the play, he's not even killed onstage.), instead of Macbeth just stabbing the guards to clear himself of suspicion, he grusomely dismembers them; Seyton gets an arrow between the eyes (when did Shakespeare write this?); When Macbeth could have easily just run Young Siward through, he stabs him in the throat and then the camera does a gratuitously gross closeup, I've watched Sleepy Hollow numerous times barely batting an eye, but the beheading scene almost made me puke (again, in the play this happens offstage). I am normally very pleased with Shakespeare movies, and this one started out promising and contained very chilling images (Lady Macbeth's inner monologue as Duncan comes to the castle) but, please, why does every filmmaker sacrifice quality just to play by the rules of Hollywood and braindead people who wouldn't see a classy movie unless it did have tons and tons of nudity and gore?
0684800713|5.0|I didn't know what to expect from this book, having never read an Hemingway novel before but I was pleasantly surprised.  It's the dialogue that brought me in and kept me wanting to read.  Its pretty short, my copy was only 247 pages, and I finished it in no time.  I definitely want to read more Hemingway after this and to all of you out there, read this book.  The descriptions of the places in the book, France and Spain, are spectactular.  The characters are intriguing, especially the narrator Jake Barnes and the lead female Lady Brett Ashley.
B000002KKS|5.0|I'm writing this review of how this album felt when it was released in 1980 and what was going on at that time in the Sabbath world.<br />Many bands have inner turmoil which causes sub-par albums that fans don't expect or deserve. Case in point with Sabbath 'Technical Ecstasy' and 'Never Say Die' are probably the most forgetable albums in the old Sabbath catalog. Toni couldn't deal with Ozzy anymore and vice-versa. Geezer and Bill were having their own problems with alcohol and substances. It was a far cry from when Sabbath first started out, they just went downhill after 'Sabotage'.<br />When Ozzy left, every music magazine was announcing the end of Black Sabbath, history proved them wrong, but at the time no one could ever see Sabbath without Ozzy (or Ozzy without Sabbath for that matter). When Heaven and Hell came out I was wary, I had never heard of Ronnie James Dio, and when I found out he was an American, I just wasn't interested. Thankfully though I did get the album from a friend of mine and gave it a spin for the first time. From the opening notes of Neon Knights, I knew this album was not a mistake.<br />This album buried the mediocre efforts of the last couple years. 'Die Young' 'Lady Evil' and the seven minute opus title track blasted through my walls for weeks on end. I still couldn't see Dio singing the old stuff, but this album by itself was superb.<br />Now in the year 2000, I say this album stands up well. I love Sabbath, but have little regard for the on again off again Tony Martin era. Heaven and Hell is as great now as when I first spun it (yeah it was vinyl). MANY Sabbath fans still do not except anyone but Ozzy as the Sab's frontman, but I disagree. To me Dio seemed to fit in better with Sabbath than Ozzy did in some areas. Sabbath has the legendary persona of being evil and Dio comes off as a pretty mysterious and evil dude. Where Ozzy was the party man, Dio was the strange little wizard-like character who's voice has a much more diverse range than Ozzy's. They are both great singers, and they both had great albums with Sabbath, but I don't think Ronnie ever really got the fan support that Ozzy did. Perhaps he would have eventually if he had stayed longer and done more albums. After Heaven and Hell, he did Mob Rules, Live Evil, and ten years later came back for Dehumanizer. I doubt Ozzy could have pulled off Heaven and Hell better than Dio, probably because Dio wrote all the lyrics. However I couldn't see Dio fronting Sabbath Bloody Sabbath either. If you think Ozzy's the only singer for Sabbath, give this album a chance. I think you'll be as pleasantly surprised as I was 20 years ago.ge than Ozzy's. They are both great singers, and they both had great albums with Sabbath, but I don't think Ronnie ever really got the fan support that Ozzy did. Perhaps he would have eventually if he had stayed longer and done more albums. After Heaven and Hell, he did Mob Rules, Live Evil, and ten years later came back for Dehumanizer. I doubt Ozzy could have pulled off Heaven and Hell better than Dio, probably because Dio wrote all the lyrics. However I couldn't see Dio fronting Sabbath Bloody Sabbath either. If you think Ozzy's the only singer for Sabbath, give this album a chance. I think you'll be as pleasantly surprised as I was 20 years ago.
B00000JPHF|4.0|My own mother almost talked me out of,(so to speak) seeing this picture. She said it was dated, cheesy special effects, fake looking make up and also said it wouldnt scare me. Which it didnt, but after seeing it, I loved it, although not as much as Universals Dracula, something else she told me not to waste my time, poor quality of an older film and all. Still, I would highly recomend this film. I have since become quite a horror classic picture fan and I owe it all to Frankenstein. I cant wait to see Bride of Frankenstein.
0399146253|5.0|Immediately following the events of BLACK NOTICE, Kay Scarpetta has left the hospital with her elbow in a cast. Kay's niece Lucy has not broken any laws. Finally, Jean-Baptiste Chardonne remains in the hospital blinded by the acid Kay threw into the &quot;Wolfman's&quot; face to protect herself. The time to celebrate the victory over evil is now for the wary wounded winners.<br /><br />The ATF consider Lucy a loose cannon forcing her to resign in lieu of firing. She joins her former boss' new team, THE LAST PRECINCT. Meanwhile, Chardonne, a serial killer from a powerful crime family, pretends to be the victim of Kay's aggression. Evidence backs him up completely. A special prosecutor from New York visits Virginia, trying to link the Wolfman to a case in her state. She actually looks to see if Kay killed one of the victims instead of the Wolfman. As the truth begins to surface, a person formerly close to Kay threatens her life.<br /><br />Within a few hours of release, this novel will attain Numero Uno status on the New York Times best-selling list. Talk about pressure on an author to produce. However, Patricia Cornwell lives up to the hype with a powerful drama filled with action and events that will shock the audience. THE LAST PRECINCT is another great entry in a par excellence series that have few rivals.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
078322804X|5.0|This movie is wonderful if you don't take it seriously. The cast and crew were out to make an adventure-comedy-musical, a combination you don't see too often, and if you ask me, they did a great job. The music is the jump-up-and-dance kind, the guest star appearences, noticeably Cab Calloway, Aretha Franklin and Ray Charles, add extra oomph, and the car chase and crash sequences are a lot of fun (the mall one is a doozy!). The best part is seeing the wonderful rapport that Belushi and Aykroyd had. Watch this--preferably with a group of friends. You won't regret it.
B00003CXDG|3.0|This movie had great action sequences, but the story doesn't even follow the Mission Impossible theme. Since when is MI about Tom Cruise? It's supposed to be a team thing, not a one man circus. John Woo's trademark doves flying around and slowmotion/instant replay action scenes get really stupid after awhile. The overuse of the facemaker gets stupid after awhile too, which makes this movie very unrealistic. I mean, he walks into a place with a gun and a small backpack and everytime he goes around a corner, he knocks someone out, copies their face and voice. Dumb, dumb, dumb. He also uses his gun all the time, which makes him rather not sneaky. This movie is not nearly as good as the first, but I'm still giving it 3 stars because I like action movies.
B00004XMVH|5.0|...I was completely gripped by the intensity of this tale of a secret mission gone off kilter and the resulting attempts of the US Navy submariners to rectify all the disastrous impediments in their path as they achieve their goal of getting the German encoding books, without which the U.S. would not be able to decipher where and when the German Navy would attack. I know that is a run-on sentence, but I am excited at the moment, having just finished watching this fabulously acted, remarkably inspiring movie.  I was on the edge of my seat through most of it and I believe that if you give it a chance, you will be too.  ...I do not buy into cheap theatrics, as far as the &quot;glory of war&quot; and  &quot;giving your life for your country&quot;, in the old style war movie fashion, but this movie had me crying at the end.  Matthew McConaughey was terrific as the captain who had to learn, during this trial by water, what being a true commander meant. The whole cast was excellent.  This submarine crew was no group of &quot;showboats&quot;--they worked together as a group seamlessly. I really appreciate it when I see acting that is not obvious, but, rather, realsitic.<br />I truly believe that you will enjoy this movie. I thought it was excellent...
0780631684|3.0|Final Destination is a very disturbing movie. You won't want to get on a plane for a while after you see this film. Premise focuses on an obsessive high school student who foresees the plane he's on exploding. His attempts to get off the plane gets he and six other people kicked off only to see the plane leave and explode. Death, however, isn't going to let them cheat it that easily and seeks them all out in rather gruesome ways. Character actor Tony Todd has a cameo as a morgue attendant who warns the lead character of Death and how powerful it is. The DVD is decent with two games, one which you can't understand and another that is a death time clock. The deleted scenes aren't very good and you'll be glad they were cut out of the film. The DVD has a featurette about test screenings that was pretty good. The film itself, is pretty decent and it's disturbing at times. You'll become disgusted with some of the unnecessary gore in this film that occurs with every death, particularly the surprising death of one female character which will catch you off guard. All in all, if you want to be entertained, see this movie. The ending is actually really good.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I'm so glad Green Day came out with this album.  Look through all the bad reviews for it, and you'll see which fans were only concerned with Green Day's image and not their songwriting ability.  Anyways,  this album is perfect.  The band could have easily written 12 basket cases, or 12 good riddances, but instead decided to reinvent their sound.  Genius.
B0000203YT|5.0|This movie is wonderful! I found that Paltrow's character very whiney ,not to mention her voice. Joseph Fiennes was very good and a real actor's actor. Paltrow in my opinion did not deserve the oscar, it belonged to Cate Blanchett. Fiennes should have been nominated. Worth buying!!
B00004UEDQ|3.0|Sandra Bullock gives an outstanding performance in this story about alcohol and drug rehabilitation.  Unfortunately, the presentation of the story was lacking and it detracted from the film's overall effect.  Director Betty Thomas and writer Suzannah Grant (who scored with the screenplay of &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot;) can't seem to decide whether they want the film to be a zany comedy or a serious drama.  They seem to have been aiming for a bittersweet comedy, but they missed the mark.  They trivialized the good dramatic elements of the story with numerous inane scenes, many of which were more ridiculous than funny.  The film also suffers from an excess of clichés, some overemphasized to the point of being moronic.  It is difficult to take much of the story seriously with all the foolishness that is continually erupting.  The result of this directorial miscalculation was that the film was hammered at the box office, with the gross ticket sales failing even to match production costs.  That's a pity because a lot of people missed an excellent dramatic performance.<br />Sandra Bullock was a ray of sunshine that burst forth from this otherwise jumbled mess.  Sandra simply out-acted and outclassed the entire cast and did a terrific job despite the \\"nutty institution\\" approach.  This is something of a departure from her accustomed romantic comedy roles.  She had a chance to flex her dramatic acting muscles here, portraying a very confused and distraught character.  She went from the highest of highs to the lowest of lows and handled the full range of emotions beautifully.  It was one of the most complete dramatic performances I have seen from her to date.<br />I rated this film a 6/10 on the strength of Bullock's portrayal.  Without her, it would have been about a 3/10.  If the topic had been treated more seriously, with sensitivity to the nuances of drug rehabilitation rather than having a good laugh at their expense, it would have been far more powerful and effective.
B000002I2I|5.0|Released as The Doors Fifth album, &quot;Morrison Hotel&quot; is definitely my favorite album. I believe this CD has all the right ingredients to make it a true Rock &amp; Roll/ R&amp;B album. There isn't really a set style that The Doors stuck to when making this masterpiece. It is a collage of songs that were just all thrown onto one album and they ended up flowing together quite smoothly. As soon as the CD/cassette/record is thrown into the stereo the room that you are in will start to feel alive.  &quot;Morrison Hotel&quot; opens up with &quot;Roadhouse Blues&quot; which is probably the most famous song on this album. This song is packed with a great sounding guitar by Mr. Robbie Krieger and the vocals on Mr. Jim Morrison are just incredible on not only this song but all of the songs that are collaged on this CD. Another great contribution to this song is Mr. John Densmore who plays an excellent set on his drums. Some people may argue that this opening song is not the most famous song here but if it's not &quot;Roadhouse Blues,&quot; it has got to be &quot;Waiting For the Sun.&quot; This song has a more toned down Morrison as does the rest of the album. Morrison starts off by exploding with his vocals and tones it down for the rest of &quot;Morrison Hotel.&quot; The rest of the band keeps right on rockin' until the end. Another highlight on this album is the &quot;Peacefrog&quot;/ &quot;Blue Sunday&quot; combination. &quot;Peacefrog&quot; is definitely my favourite song on &quot;Morrison Hotel.&quot; It is filled with a great bluesy guitar sound and Mr. Ray Manzarek makes his biggest appearance on keyboards here. &quot;Peacefrog&quot; really turns up the volume but the music slows right down at the end to flow into &quot;Blue Sunday&quot; which is a well sung ballad. Morrison leads the song with his vocals and the rest of the band just fall to the background. The lyrics aren't very powerful for this ballad but the sound of Morrison's voice here makes up for this. Other low-key songs on this album include &quot;The Spy,&quot; which is another bluesy ballad song; &quot;Ship of Fools&quot; which is a bit more upbeat; &quot;Queen of the Highway&quot; another song the Manzarek dominates, and it ends with a powerful Morrison on &quot;Maggie M'Gill.&quot; This album has, I'm sure, inspired many keyboardists as well as guitar players who specialize in the blues. Jim Morrison may be the owner of &quot;Morrison Hotel,&quot; but Mr. Ray Manzarek and Mr. Robbie Kreiger are definitely the guests of honour here.
B00004TH7Z|2.0|I was so excited when I heard The Wicker Man on the radio.  It sounded like the Iron Maiden I loved back in the eighties.  Wicker Man is indeed a good song.  So are The Mercenary and Dream Of Mirrors.  The rest of the album sounds like it was done by the numbers.  Slow beginning, hard rocking, slow ending.  This trend seems to have begun with the song Fear Of The Dark.  It is nice that Bruce and Adrian are back in the band, but I believe that three guitarist is a bit superfluous.
B000007T1M|4.0|Could you ask for a stranger album? I think not. I usually don't enjoy this type of music, but these guys strike a special spot in my CD rack. While no member of the band is particulalry amazing, I enjoy much of the album. Lyrically, these people are obviously P.O.'d at something, but they are so incoherent or inconsistent that it really doesn't make ANY sense. Daron Malakian is an excellent guitarist, blending many styles into a very entertaining arrangement. John Dolmayan is a furious drummer, but he definitely has been schooled in several styles. Shavo Odadjian is enough of a bassist for the band, but he could probably be easily replaced. Then, we have Serj. Dear lord, this man is FUNKY. He has a hella-cool scream, but he also does these funky-arse squealy voices, oddball midranges, and some creepy whispers. The whole band is EXTREMELY tight, never missing a beat, which is particularly cool on &quot;Sugar,&quot; which has a steady increase in tempo at the end til it works up to this FRENZY of noise. Overall, this is a VERY unique album, not for the faint of heart. I would recommend albums like Slipknot and Soulfly, but I hate them, so just buy this one.
0679879269|5.0|This book is so unbelievably good. It made me cry so much (which isn't all that bad) but it really affects a person and makes them think.  I'm glad that the author doesn't have any big message besides the fact that actions are good or bad not people.  And I hope that he doesn't get any holy rollers throwing a big stink over the whole concept that in the book there is no god.  It was just SO GOOD. It is so descriptive,and so imaginative.  Even if you aren't a big fantasy fan, it's not really like reading fantasy.  It's more about the people,and what they go through (fantasy parts) is there to show how they act and react, and it's  about the people, not about the parallel worlds they live in or about the places they go. And the ending is so good. It's the part that really disturbs me, and it's one of those things that you think about for a the first dayor two after reading it,wishing that it could be different but knowing that it wouldn't be as perfect any other way. Kind of like Gone With the Wind.  You almost wish that there was more to the story and that things would work out (disregarding the sequel since it's written by a different author), but inside you know that some of the magic would be lost.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I recently bought the DIDO disk and I was blown away. It is even better than I thought it would be. It really is up there with &quot;Fumbling towards esctacy&quot; and &quot;Tidal&quot;. Dido is the best new female vocalist out there, which nowadays is very refreshing. Each song is an emotional trip. I listen to the entire disk over and over. She is def. relatable and I look forward to her next one. Best of 2000.
0385491026|5.0|I figure that was something different to put as a title.  Y'see, the first time I saw this book, I had already read &quot;The Handmaid's Tale&quot;, which was slightly science-fictional (only slightly so) and to see this book, with the definitely science-fictional picture of a cloaked woman hovering over a bridge, flanked by bare trees, holding what seems to be a swirling ball of clouds.  Mystical, fantastical, even.  Alas, the book was about as realistic as they come and you know what . . . it rules (if such a term can be used for a book such as this).  I wasn't sure what I would think about this, but I sure as heck enjoyed it and finished it even faster than I thought I would.  Basically this book is about Elaine, a painter (hence the cover, it's one of her paintings, natch) who is back in Toronto for a retrospective of her work.  Being back in the city of her youth dredges up a bunch of memories, most of them utterly unpleasant and most of them centering around a schoolfriend named Cordelia, a girl entirely difficult to classify.  Elaine has grown up with her family, who aren't traditional folks and hanging around Cordelia and her two other friends enters her into a petty petty world of &quot;improving yourself&quot; and jealousy and mostly either making yourself feel miserable or having your friends do it for you.  Or making others miserable.  Some of the stuff that Cordelia masterminds, the subtle psychological manipulations, are downright disturbings and while this isn't a gory or even very intense book (it's a bit too distant for that), it's not for the faint of heart, or for those who don't wish to relive your childhood years.  The plot weaves back and forth from her strolls around present day (for 1989) Toronto and her life before that, with the constant hellos and goodbyes of life.  But it always comes back to Cordelia and Elaine has a fixation on the woman centering on obsession, looking for her around every corner, the woman never lurking too far from her thoughts.  Will she run into her old friend?  I'm not telling.  But Elaine's life is meticulously detailed and her observations are cool and sometimes numb but always poetic, Atwood's writing has rarely been this beautiful, almost every page has an absolutely crystal clear description or poetic phrase.  Elaine's life is moving and about as real as they come and while the book is more episodic in nature than plot driven, that's what you'd expect from a book like this.  My only complaint is that it's a bit too distant and detached, but I have that gripe with most of Atwood's books, most of her narrators are that way, when she does it right, like here, it comes across as soaring and passionate, if she does it wrong, then it comes across more like dry analysis.  Here her prose soars and her observations of women and the human condition are spot on.  Not for everyone, grantd, but definitely one of the best books I've read in a long while, don't think of this as &quot;woman's literature&quot;, regardless of your gender, pick it up and give it a shot.  You might find yourself pleasantly surprised.r thoughts.  Will she run into her old friend?  I'm not telling.  But Elaine's life is meticulously detailed and her observations are cool and sometimes numb but always poetic, Atwood's writing has rarely been this beautiful, almost every page has an absolutely crystal clear description or poetic phrase.  Elaine's life is moving and about as real as they come and while the book is more episodic in nature than plot driven, that's what you'd expect from a book like this.  My only complaint is that it's a bit too distant and detached, but I have that gripe with most of Atwood's books, most of her narrators are that way, when she does it right, like here, it comes across as soaring and passionate, if she does it wrong, then it comes across more like dry analysis.  Here her prose soars and her observations of women and the human condition are spot on.  Not for everyone, grantd, but definitely one of the best books I've read in a long while, don't think of this as &quot;woman's literature&quot;, regardless of your gender, pick it up and give it a shot.  You might find yourself pleasantly surprised.
0375501851|4.0|Smith is not a writer--she's a quilter, weaving together people and their history, places and their atmosphere, religion and its descrepencies.  This quiet debut deserves far more attention than it has been currently receiving.  Even though, it can be a bit wordy at times...the end result is astonishing.
0679879269|5.0|This is one of the most brilliantly-complex stories I have ever read. The trilogy forces you to examine (or re-examine) the way you view yourself, your world, and your religion. I find it interesting that The Amber Spyglass (as well as its two prequels) are considered young adult; just because a book is about young characters doesn't necessarily make it a book for appropriate for all children. Warning: those of you who have read the first two books know that Pullman does not make things easy for his characters just because he created them. Events in these books can be difficult to take, regardless of age.
0767903854|4.0|An hilarious, laugh-out-loud, mascara-running-down-the-cheeks, homesick-making read. I (along with at least six fellow passengers en-route to LA, recently) thoroughly enjoyed every sunburnt, red-dust, blue-bottle-filled page of this book - gross exaggerations and all - once I had recovered from my confusion and disappointment regarding the misquote on the very first page - Dorothea MacKellar wrote 'Of droughts and flooding rains' not 'flooding plains', but I'm sure you've already been reprimanded a thousand times, Bill. Blame your proof-readers. Obviously, they weren't Aussies.
0684853523|5.0|I bought King's book to find out how he writes so fast.  (It seems like he writes a book a week....HE says it takes him 3 months for the first draft). <br />The book not only has helpful information about his work habits, it's chuck full of other useful information for writers.  <br />And best of all, it's packaged around a charming story about 'little Stevie' and how his childhood made him the writer of the scariest books around.<br />A great read.  BUY THIS BOOK!
014028009X|5.0|1 days taken to read book, 3 visits to coffee shop on corner w said book, 5,000,000 fits of v. loud laughter as result of book...love, love, loved this book.  was v. hooked from first page, and enthusaistic about fun, easy read throughout.  will admit that bridget jones bares frightening resemblance to own single life, but am v. delighted to report that book has infact restored sense of humor about own goofiness.  have also read second book and found equally as enjoyable. is most definitely a highly recommended, entertaining-typed book that will induce fits of laughter and general all-around good feeling.  hurrah!
6300185311|5.0|The inimitable comedy team of Doris Day and Rock Hudson teamed up for the third time with Tony Randall in 1964's &quot;Send Me No Flowers&quot;, one of the most enjoyable and hilarious films from the team of Day and Hudson. <br />Doris and Rock are Judy and George Kimball, a happily married suburban couple. The only nitch in their lives together is that George is a ridiculously hopeless hypochondriac (i.e. taking his temperature in a hot shower). One day, on one of his many weekly trips to his doctor, he overhears the doctor dictating the soon-to-be mortality of another patient... and believes himself to be the unlucky fellow. He enlists a family friend, Arnold Nash (Randall), to help him find a new partner for his dear wife who suspects nothing. Randall not only does this, but even complies to write a eulogy between his massive drinking. Judy begins to suspect George when he encourages her friendship with an old college chum, Bert Power (Clint Walker), and accuses him of having an affair. George confesses his condition to his stunned, tearful wife. But when Judy finds out from the doctor that her husband is in perfect condition, she is out to get back at her cheating husband!<br />A laugh-sprinkled script, and a marvelous supporting cast (including Paul Lynde as the overly-enthusiastic manager of a cemetery) a lovely title song, and the great comic team of Day, Hudson, and Randall come together to make &quot;Send Me No Flowers&quot; a great feel-good film that will always delight you!
B00003CX5P|5.0|Reading reviews of this movie, and how they seem to basically slam it, has promted me to reply.<br />This is a science fiction movie based on events that are in the mind of a single visionary, George Lucas. I have always thought that science fiction films were to entertain, but maybe I have a heart to much like a child.<br />The fact is, when Star Wars hit the screen in 1977, George Lucas invented the special effects used to make the movie. Looking at the film now, you can see how &quot;cheezy&quot; the effects are, but they still manage to entertain us and tell a story.<br />Episode 1 goes back to the special effects drawing board, breaking new barriers in digital film making. Does it look fake, well yes, but its pretty damn good. I often have to remind people that this is the beginning of the story, not a movie to compare with the first 3 movies released those many years ago.<br />Bottom line, this movie is so much fun, I cannot contain myself. I can do without Jar Jar, but hey, I cannot complain. Unless I can make a story better than Lucas, and provide the effects to bring it to life, I will just sit back and enjoy imagination at its best.
0375501851|5.0|To be honest the only people who will not like this book are Fundamental Muslims, Jehovah Witnesses, and unintellectual book club wanna be's.  With that said, I will make this brief.  Amazing.  Calling this story epic is straigh to the heart.  It covers so many years, so many characters, and so much heart wrung emotion.  I highly agree with all the hype this book has recieved and I think it is a bloody shame that it wasn't nominated for the Booker Prize.  Zadie Smith is going to be one of those novelist that will be taken serious (and deserve to be).
B000002J09|1.0|One word-Bllleeeuuuucchhhh!!!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I've always felt that a DVD was never worth getting over VHS based soley on quality.  I get DVDs for the extra stuff, and i have never seen so much extra stuff in my life!  This is why DVD was invented!  I love all the other things in there that make the movie that much more interesting.  I have the first Terminator on VHS and i hope that do the same with that one.  i would definately buy it, but i doubt that will happen unfortunately.  As for the person who said that the Easter Egg code was 82297, I'm sure that was a mis-print.  The correct code is 82997 (8-29-97: Judgment Day).  Buy this even if you have it on VHS.  Hell, get it if you have it on original DVD release.  This one is much better!
0684859106|4.0|Each and every time I make the cupcakes in the book with the traditional birthday frosting I am bombarded by people insisting I give them the recipe-and anyone over the age of 40 then adds &quot;it is just like my mother used to make&quot; I like to leave something out of course-if they are going to do it right let them get the book:)- But it is a bakers MUST!
B00004XONN|1.0|I love OK Computer as much as the next Radiohead fan, but that doesn't mean I automatically have to love everything else they put out as it appears many here do. Garbage is garbage no matter who puts it out, and Kid A is nothing but that. The truth is, if an unknown band put out this cd of noise no one here that gave it 5 stars would do the same. Sorry Radiohead, but save the experiments for b-sides...unless your goal was to alienate your biggest fans. Avoid this piece of over-hyped trash.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree is the ultimate expression of human emotion. From the escapist theme of &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot; to the downright heavy &quot;Exit&quot; the album carries within itself the conflicts that grow within us all. We want to run to a place 'Where the Streets Have No Name' though we are often 'Running to Stand Still' we will at one point 'Bullet the Blue Sky.' Through the album we can see 'Red Hill Mining Town' sympathise with the 'Mothers of the Disappeared' and see America in a different light in 'In God's Country.' The album is at the peak of music in the modern day. Though it was released in the 80's it does not have the feel of an 80's album. It contains the timelessness of all of U2's masterpieces. This album is a must have for anyone who likes good music- not just rock 'n roll fans, but those who like any genre. The influence of nearly every brand of musical expression can be felt in this album. Just listen to it, then you'll understand.
B00004T40X|5.0|First of all, I think that all of the reviews below are correct. I coughed up the ... to get this, primarily based on the reviews below. I want to say that I am extremely critical when it comes to power metal bands. In my opinion, either they are unique and have their own sound (Blind Guardian, Stratovarius) or they are copycats. <br />This CD, &quot;Ecliptica&quot;, is an amazing debut from Sonata Arctica. They have all of the possible elements that one could want from a power metal act: slow songs, fast songs, mid-tempo songs, keyboards, violins, a great singer, and great song-writing. Actually, that is the most amazing thing about Sonata Arctica...the maturity of their songwriting. The songs are extremely catchy (see &quot;My Land&quot; and &quot;FullMoon&quot;) in their 'hookiness', yet some songs are sheer power and speed (&quot;8th Commandment&quot; and &quot;Blank File&quot;).<br />I think that Sonata Arctica will be around a long time. If you can find the CD cheaper than ... great. But, whatever you end up paying, you will not be disappointed. This is pure classical metal played with overwhelming talent and vision. Enjoy...
0399146253|4.0|This certainly was not the best book of Dr. Kay Scarpetta, but it was very interesting and kept my attention from the very beginning.  In this book you find Kay is carrying alot of personal baggage that she never really discussed before.  Due to circumstances beyond her control, she is forced to live with an old friend who helps her open up and lets us see &quot;inside&quot; the good doctor to understand her past and present motives/actions.  Expect a few interesting surprises and  another worthwhile adventure with the doctor.  If you are interested in a good series begin with Postmortum and read through to this book.
0684853523|5.0|I was startled by the clear head Stephen King uses when writing.  I will use many of his suggestions.  Perhaps it is all based on his teaching experiences, perhaps it is just instinct but this is an excellent resource for fans, Constant Reader and aspiring writers.  A short but enchanting book, pick this up now.  Strunk and White would be proud.  The last chapter contains a listing of King's favorite books.  Amazon should put them on a list to purchase. (hint hint)
0380796090|5.0|This is undoubtedly one of the most enjoyable reads that I have experienced!  Books rarely make me laugh out loud, but Marian Keyes did it several times with her dry British wit.  Claire is so incredibly neurotic, and I (unfortuntately?) identified with her in so many ways.  I would recommend this book to anyone who has been jilted by a significant other.  For those of you who are offended by a little rough language, consider yourself warned.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|This 1983 remake of &quot;Thunderball&quot; is one of the three &quot;orphan&quot; films in the Bond Canon (the others being George Lazenby's fine but not wildly popular solo outing as Bond in &quot;On Her Majesty's Secret Service,&quot; and Woody Allen's hilarious Bond spoof &quot;Casino Royale&quot; with David Niven).<br />&quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; was not produced by the Broccoli-Salzberg Eon Productions group, and features unfamiliar actors in familiar roles. The look and feel of &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot;  departs widely from the usual Bond formula.  What this film DOES have is Sean Connery, and Connery's presence onscreen more than counterbalances the lack of familiar elements.<br />As in &quot;Thunderball,&quot; SPECTRE steals nuclear warheads and threatens worldwide chaos and destruction unless their extortion demands are met.  Klaus Maria Brandauer plays a hammy, smiling and sadistic Largo, and Kim Basinger plays a translucently sexy Domino. Adolfo Celi's 1965 Largo radiated more evil, but Basinger's Domino shows more comedy and depth than Claudine Auger. A wonderful character addition is Barbara Carrera as Fatima Blush, who may well be the most purely erotic of all the Bond girls.<br />Connery shows he is THE James Bond for all time, despite his age. He carries off his reprise with martini-dry wit and a roguish charm that none of his successors have ever matched. Watching the still dynamic middle-aged Connery, one has to question why he was ever replaced by the bland Roger Moore.<br />&quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; has a rambling plotline and some really atrocious film editing, both of which are unpleasantly distracting, but the action sequences are engaging and well-crafted.<br />Watching Connery enjoy his romp through the role he made famous, one has to wonder:  Could he ever play the Ultimate Bond Villain?
B000002GYG|5.0|There's probably not too much I can say that hasn't been said already, but I'll try anyhow...<br />This album has it all, and may be one of my favorites ever. Here Waits does turns out a classic, that really draws you in. This album gives you an insight to what a great storyteller Waits is and how he is able to weave together stories into what was a great night's performance.<br />You can hear the audience's reaction as he runs through the like Emotional Weather Report. His wit and ability to turn a phrase really come through on this one.
B00004U8JU|4.0|I gotta say this movie kick a$$ on my home theater system.The T-Rex was awesome,I can feel the stomp coming from T-rex.I don't want to comment about the movie,million of people has seen it,so I'm gonna comment about the DVD format instead.I bought the DTS collector edition and I was happy of the picture,is bright and clear then my old VHS I got it for 5 year then I sell to a friend.The DTS sound blew me away,is the first time I hear T-rex roar.The jungle sound was good too,I can hear the bugs/birds sound coming around from my 5 speaker.My subwoofer sound great and awesome stomp from T-rex.Oh yeah I forgot not many extra on DTS version.So that's it,get this movie only on DVD and Welcome to Jurassic Park.
B00004XONN|5.0|Looking back, you probably could tell Radiohead was headed for an album like this, ever since the first few hushed moments of The Bends' &quot;Planet Telex.&quot; In fact, Kid A, along with The Bends and OK Computer, kinda form a trilogy on alienation and the fight for individualism in a world of increasing technology, gene cloning, and brand positioning. Maybe that's a stretch, but not really a big one. <br />Kid A is not an easy album to like, especially for the millions of music fans who have been weaned on verse-chorus-verse songs since the days when the Beatles wanted to hold your hand. But there's a lot here to like here if you invest the time. The highlights for me include: the disjointed &quot;Everything In Its Right Place,&quot; the spasmic horns of &quot;The National Anthem,&quot; the hushed, moody and sadly beautiful &quot;How To Disappear Completely,&quot; the Kraftwerk-ian beats of &quot;Idioteque,&quot; and the movie credits-rolling finale of &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack.&quot; It's mood music for moods that haven't been invented yet.<br />I can't even think of another album this year that has grabbed my attention more than Kid A. I rarely give 5 stars, but Radiohead's latest adventure in hi-fi surely deserves it.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is plane and simply BRILLIANT the members of Radiohead are true musicians they do not follow the crowd they just write what they think is relevant to them, too many one hit wonders are out there Radiohead is definetely NOT one of those types.  After Listening to The Bends and OK Computer Kid A was a shock at first especially Idioteque, but it just plane and simply works, and works to perfection, Radiohead have outdone themselves once more and I look forward to the sounds of the next CD...
B00000K0DT|5.0|This is an incredible flick!!  The suspense, the acting, and the directing make this a MUST OWN.  Besides, Kevin Spacey is a total babe!!
6305205639|5.0|I watched this video and the quality is amazing. It was so real. It was like Metallica was in my living room. Any Metallica fan will love this concert. I hear that is on DVD. WOW, I am sure that it is incredible.
B000002GYR|5.0|This album showcases what a talent Waits is, and what a truly great songwriter he was and still is. This album is a great first album for people who want to get an introduction to his material. His voice is still very clear and melodic, which seems to be the complaint most people have regarding his later work. After you fall in love with this one, you'll be hooked for good though!
0684853523|4.0|Everyone wants to know how a magician performs his tricks. If that trick is how to make millions of dollars from writing, the queue becomes very long indeed. \\"On Writing\\" promises to show us exactly how Stephen King made it, and by extrapolation, we could make it too.<br />In theory, at any rate.<br />The most useful comparison King draws between the act of the writing and anything else the reader might be familiar with is how Dumbo the elephant learnt how to fly. He thought he needed a magic feather, but in fact the magic was in him all the time. King makes the same point about writing - if the talent isn't in you then one thousand books like \\"On Writing\\" won't help. There is no magic feather.<br />But while he can't promise us a magic feather to make us rich, King does offer his own views on how to get from being a competent writer to being a \\"good\\" writer. His opinions are not that (pardon me) novel - he bases a lot of his advice from Stunk and White's famous little book - but they do offer an insight into what makes on of the most successful authors of the last twenty five years tick.<br />King doesn't like adverbs very much. He doesn't like attributive verbs other than \\"said.\\" He's a big believer in reading and writing as much as you humanly can, each new book or story going a bit of the way to forging a writer's own voice. Ironically, for a book about writing, King doesn't believe that a lot of this can be taught.<br />The book itself is a good read - King has a witty self-deprecating style, and the narrative rattles along from a description of the events in King's life that shaped him into what he is today, a discussion of the ins and outs of good writing, and finally to a description of the motor accident that almost killed him.<br />It's an entertaining and insightful read, but it offers no secret formula about what separates King from the pack. What it does is offer aspirant writers the only help they can truly expect  - assurance that as they sit in frontof the blank screen wondering what the hell to put down next they are not alone. There is a whole community of people out there doing exactly the same thing. And some, like King, made it.<br />\\"On Writing\\" is very much along the same lines as William Goldman's \\"Adventures in the Screen Trade,\\" where the Oscar winning screenwriter offers insights and tips on how to write successful screenplays. Neither are textbooks, but they do take that isolated-in-my-garret feel away. And in the heel of the hunt, that's all wannabe writers can ask for. Until they make it and can write their own book about their own success.<br />And maybe slip Messrs. King and Goldman a few dollars in grateful appreciation.
0684853523|5.0|This is a fascinating look at the high and low points in the life of an amazing writer still at the top of his form.<br />King tells in the first of three forewords that his inspiration for the book came from Amy Tan while on tour with the author filler rock band Rock Bottom Remainders. &quot;No one ever asks about the language,&quot; she replied to his question about the sort of inquiries she'd like to get in interviews or speaking engageents.  Popular authors, as opposed to the 'serious' writers, tend not to be asked about their skills with language. The command of language King displays in this memoir demonstrates the shortsightedness of those asking the questions.<br />King's description of his childhood, punctuated with incidents that seem dreadful but also, somehow, entirely in keeping with the boyhood experiences of many, kept tempting me to say, &quot;aha - this is why he writes horror!&quot;  But then good humor and self awareness with which he recalls beng locked in a closet or causing a block wide power outage reins in my own imagination.  Stephen King was a fairly ordinary boy.<br />Kings decriptions of his battle with substance abuse are forthright, honest, and above all else, accepting of his own responsibility. His recognition that Annie Wilkes in &quot;Misery&quot; could serve as a metaphor for  cocaine and alcohol led to his own diwcovery - &quot;I decided I was tired of being Annie's pet writer.&quot; <br />King also offers practical advice to writers - describing a toolbox and its contents.  &quot;Common tools&quot; - vocabulary and basic grammar - should be on the top layer of the toolbox (and King plugs Strunk and White's, Elements of Style with gusto!).  Style and paragraph structure comprise the next layer.   The bottom layer has the specialized tools - innate and developed skills. Kings advocates both reading and writing for writers - and all too often the former suffers when someone starts the latter.<br />King tells of how the huge impressive desk he purchased for himself once he had success.  It dominated his office. But eventually he traded it in for a living room suite where his family could spend time with him.  A smaller, more functional desk was placed in the corner. &quot;Life isn't a support system for art - it's the other way around,&quot; King had concluded.
B000035P7X|4.0|Ok, if you are a Dylan fan you may not appreciate this but even though this is a vital portrait of the artist near his peak, it also presents a side of Dylan that goes against the 'humans being' persona we expect. I think Dylan was an important force in his time, but what I saw here was an egocentric man who believes he knows everything. I felt Dylan was really secretly intimidated by Donovan and Joan Baez,although an excellent singer appeared more like a groupie than a girlfriend. Buy the dvd and see for yourself...It is entertaining and informative if not self-absorbing and although you get to see Dylan up close and (more or less) personal, he comes across as untouchable as ever.
6305205639|5.0|I watched this video and the quality is amazing. It was so real. It was like Metallica was in my living room. Any Metallica fan will love this concert. I hear that is on DVD. WOW, I am sure that it is incredible.
B000002H2H|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is Metallica's greatest pre-Black Album album. A lot of people say it's Master of Puppets, but I personally think this one is better.<br />Here are the pros and cons(and takes):<br />Pros:<br />* This album shows the versatility of Metallica, when they were 22-23-year-old! Anti-war epics, ballads and instrumental work aren't something you hear a lot from young rockers.<br />* Contains an excellent set of songs. Here are some quick takes:<br />-&quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot;: the albums opening track is definitely Metallica's fastest song, and probably the fastest song of all time (mainly the rhythm guitar). James plays Rhythm guitar with his usual good taste and flawless accuracy, but this time, it's way faster. Whoever thought that he could outdo any song on &quot;Kill'em All&quot;? Like, did anyone think that, say, &quot;Metal Militia&quot; or &quot;Whiplash&quot; could've been beaten? Not me, and I was proven to be a million miles away from being correct.<br />Folks: you have to hear the songs yourselves to know what I'm talking about. And believe it or not, as if the awesome speed of the song wasn't enough, Jaymz plays even faster at the chorus! Wow!<br />Totally awesome thrasher.I give this an 7 out of 10.<br />-&quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;: the album's title track is an anti-Capital punishment epic. A lot of people say the song ain't that much, I disagree a little. While the melody of the vocals was inconsistent at times, over all, the song featured some amazing instrumental work. For instance, listen to James' guitar after the second chorus, and you can't help but admire the amazing speed. The intro is excellent, and it gets much better after several seconds.<br />I give it a 4.<br />-&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;: well well well! Here, the REAL Metallica starts to shine! If this song isn't great, then I don't know what to call it.<br />Let's take'em one by one: the lyrics show staggeringly beautiful poetry and balance, which makes it one of Metallica's best lyrics to date. The rhythm guitar(played by vocalist/songwriter James Allan Hetfield, for those who don't know) features one of Metallica's most powerful riffs(if you count Metallica's powerful riffs, you will never finish), and its tune is awesome and REALLY memorable. As for Hammett, while he didn't do one of his usual right-after-the-second-chorus-solos, he did participate with a memorable riff at the beginning and between choruses. As for the bass, well! Let me just say that the bass is THE most memorable part and definitely Metallica's greatest bass work so far(here it's done by ex-bassist Cliff Burton who died later, but the bass is done later much better by Jason Newsted, the current headbanging bassist). As for Lars, what could I say about this drum legend? Everything Lars does is absolutely amazing. I've yet to hear someone who drums better than him. His use of drums and percussions in this particular song is extremely powerful and very well-timed.<br />Any music fan will love this song. Take my word on that. I give it an easy 10.<br />-&quot;Fade to Black&quot;: Metallica's first ballad. Not bad. Good Hammett solo. Some fast rhythm riffs by James. Fine lyrics. The first 20 or so seconds are my favorite part of the song, where they show mingling of the two guitars. However, if you want Metallica's best pre-Black album ballad, listen to the album &quot;Master of Puppets'&quot; &quot;Sanitarium&quot;. For Metallica's finest ballad, listen to &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; on the Black Album.<br />I give this a 5.<br />-&quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; and &quot;Escape&quot;: to me, they sound like fillers.<br />-&quot;Creeping Death&quot;: do I really need to say anything about this particular song? I bet you've heard it or at least heard about it endlessly. It's one of Metallica's all time greatest songs, featuring what I consider guitarist Kirk Hammett's finest solo to date. The lyrics are just so cool, and James' rhythmguitar riffs are totally delicious. Lars, as always, shines, with his flawless timing, very powerful drums(definitely the heaviest drums and percussion I've had the pleasure to experience) and spectacular use of percussion.<br />This song is one of the fans'(and definitely the band's) favorite songs in concerts. It features one of the greatest moments in heavy metal history: the part of the song right after Hammett's solo(starts there, and ends with the last &quot;killing firsborn man&quot;). This part is mind-blowingly powerful and amazingly enjoyable. If you are a regular music fan, you will feel sheer joy listening to that specific part. If you are a heavy metal fan, you will get what I call a musical orgasm. You don't have to believe me; just listen to the song and wait for the solo, then when the solo ends, pay attention.<br />Cliff's bass at the end adds more depth and life to the song. It's kinda sad. I don't know why, but the bass just sounds sad. It sounds like a part that would be played when someone dies. It's very beautiful though.<br />It gets a 10.<br />-&quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot;: Metallica's first instrumental(lets not count &quot;Kill'em All&quot;'s &quot;Pulling Teeth (Anesthesia)&quot;, since it was mainly bass) is a musical masterpiece that shocked me. What shocked me is how could a young rock band have so much depth? I could understand it if they did it now, but way early? <br />Anyway, this stunning piece of art has only one flaw: it's a little too long.<br />I give it a 6.<br />Bottom Line: <br />-For regular music fans, you might like &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Fade to Black&quot;. The other songs are a little too heavy to be enjoyed by non-heavy metal fans.<br />-For heavy metal fans, I highly recommend this album.<br />-As for Metallica fans, they don't need what I have to say,because they already have this album.
0393314804|5.0|That's the best book i've ever read...<br />u can't miss it...<br />unless u are afraid of knowing what's happening with our generation...
6305907145|3.0|I thought that this movie was very well staged and acted, but I personally don't think that certain &quot;adult&quot; scenes made it true to the time period. Aside from this, the movie was fairly good, but it also moved at a very speedy pace. I guess it partly bothers me because it is completely unlike the book, and I think the movie should at least remotely follow it in some ways. I did like how Fanny stood up for herself more in the movie, though. If you like romances, especially set back in the late 18th century with a modern twist, I'd recommend Mansfield Park.
B00004XONN|5.0|Wow this album is such an eye opener! I thought that this year would be dominated by stupid pop albums, and mindless rap metal bands! The only good albums coming out were straight up heavy metal, and I was looking for something new! Then Raidohead came along and blew me away!  This album is a work of art!  The musicianship is out standing! Raidohead has done it again!  give these boys the album of the year award!
B00000J7JO|5.0|The boys from LA are back with another off-the-hook masterpiece. The album is laced with wild, creative, and intense music. RHCP have a blockbuster album with &quot;Californication&quot;. Get it now, your ears and soul will thank you.
0679879269|4.0|The Golden Compass created the universe in which the series begins.  The Subtle Knife(My favorite) complicated the plot and kept you on the edge of your seat.  But alas, The Amber Spyglass falls short of expectations.  True, Pullman's writing here is more describtive than ever, to an extent as which you feel like you are living in the book.  You will be unable to not compare Lyra's adventures with everyday life.  However, as far as story goes, what did you expect?  How could Pullman tie up the infinitely complicated plot of the first two and leave everyone satisfied?  Many plot lines are not resolved, and the ending will almost make you wonder why Pullman left us so coldly.  Some pieces of the story feel that they should have been left out intirely, as the parts with Mary Malone and those strange animals almost put me to sleep.  Nevertheless, I couldn't stop thinking how badly I wanted a better ending and about the characters long after I had finished. A good book to be sure.  Go ahead and buy it, but you will no doubt be left wanting so much more.
B00004XONN|5.0|a great album - undoubtedly....for those who think it is a true original ....perhap's not...there are a myriad albums out there which have delved into the same material from the time electronic musical instruments entered the scene....musical deconstruction is definitely not a new concept.....there is plenty of stuff available for those who liked the album and now want to depart from the beaten track.....radiohead are just neophytes who have found the door....certainly not pioneers as many of you believe.....I gladly welcome them into our fold.<br />meanwhile we await their next album to determine if we can let them stay with us for good....and maybe some day hand them the keys to the kingdom......we expect a lot from them....i hope they live up to it!
B00004Y2QS|5.0|I was fortunate to view this pay-per-view event one week after its original premier, and I was blown away!  This was Prince at his unbelievable best with a crack multi-piece band that pulled out all the stops!  I was immediately intrigued by the pre-concert interview footage that was included - it was a great way to set up the concert.<br />Then the concert began with a bang, with Prince running out to start the show off with one of his world-famous take-no-prisoners opening medleys.  Here he played probably the most incredible rock guitar I've ever heard him play, with several solos that floored me, as if I wasn't busy enough gettin' my groove on!  The 'thump-off' with Larry Graham was great as well!<br />If he wasn't playing the guitar, then he was putting out incredible vocals, singing along with his guests, or playing the drums, and doing it all so well.  His message about conquering time and Jesus were very inspirational and they made a lot more sense this time around.<br />I will definitely be dropping this video into my player the minute I get it!  This concert changed my life for the better and I am ever so glad that it did!
B0000025D0|5.0|It's a close call, but I'd have to say this is Springsteen's greatest album.  In this one, you've still got the energy and drama of \\"Born to Run,\\" but combined with more sense of real-world hard choices and pain.  Possibly Springsteen's greatest individual song - \\"Badlands\\" - is on this album, which sets the tone for \\"Darkness\\" with the powerful lines \\"Lights out tonight, trouble in the heartland.  There's a head-on collision, crashing in my guts man, caught in a crossfire that I don't understand.\\" For whatever reason, and many people have pointed out the three years of frustrations, lawsuits, injunctions -- and pent-up energy -- Springsteen experienced in getting \\"Darkness\\" made, this album is filled with a barely controlled rage.  Luckily for us, the listeners, Springsteen is a great enough artist to channel his hurt, anger, feelings of betrayal, and loss of control into great music (\\"I feel so weak I just wanna explode\\" \\"Baby I want the heart, I want the soul, I want control right NOW!\\").  Less melodic than the music on \\"Born to Run\\", but at least as brilliant, \\"Darkness\\" (as others have pointed out as well) is like an early hint of Kurt Cobain and Nirvana (I mean that as a strong compliment!).  Springsteen was thus writing, in \\"Darkness,\\" powerful, gut-wrenching music far ahead - more than 10 years, actually -- of its time.<br />Besides hurt, anger, etc., what are the main themes explored by Springsteen on \\"Darkness\\"?  For one, Springsteen sings about the challenge of \\"living it every day,\\" even when you're stuck in dead-end, blue-collar world of \\"the work, the workin', just the workin' life\\".  For another, there's the theme of chasing a dream but not quite getting there (\\"you spend your life waitin' for a moment that just don't come\\"  \\"everybody's got a hunger a hunger they can't resist\\").   Another is the challenge of relationships  (\\"prove it all night\\"), specifically, finding authenticity, commitment and trust and proving it all the time in a world filled with doubt.  Also, putting it all on the line for another person.   Loneliness and feelings of alienation pervade the entire album.  And searching, lots of searching for SOMETHING....who knows what?!? <br />So, is there any hope here?  Well, maybe, maybe not.  Perhaps what Springsteen is trying to say, in part, is that there is some hope (maybe the only hope) in the \\"darkness on the edge of town,\\" because in that darkness itself perhaps is a chance to be oneself out of the bright glare in the middle of town.  In other words, you need some privacy, some space, some peace, in order to find yourself, to have some fun, to do things that perhaps other people look down on, away from the conformist (and other) pressures of society and the scrutiny of the other townfolk livin' in the \\"heartland.\\"  It's tough going against the grain in the \\"heartland\\", especially if you're basically a loner like Springsteen, or many of his characters (is there a difference, and if so, what?).  On this note, I find it very interesting that Springsteen's peak of popularity came when - on the surface at least -- he went more with the mainstream, pumped up (both physically and musically), waved an American flag (ironically, of course, but most people - not surprisingly -- totally didn't get it), and screamed \\"Born in the USA\\" (I can just picture all the mindless drunken frat boys yelling \\"yeah, right on... Bruuuuuuuce!!!!!\\").<br />Have many of the themes of \\"Darkness on the Edge of Town\\" been explored before, and since?  Of course!  Have they been explored more powerfully or movingly?  I don't think so (although Nirvana comes damn close!).  And perhaps most interestingly, how is it that Springsteen has actually survived (in many senses of the word, not just physical) all this youthful rebellion, rage, and \\"Darkness,\\" unlike so many others (Jim Morrison, Elvis Presley, James Dean, Janis Joplin, Kurt Cobain, Brian Wilson, and other too numerous to mention)?  Maybe Springsteen's music is his way of working through all of this, Bruce's psychotherapy, and for Springsteen it actually worked (today, Springsteen appears happy, successful, well-adjusted, and continues to write excellent music).  Luckily for Springsteen, and luckily for the rest of us, maybe there can be redemption in the \\"Darkness on the Edge of Town\\" after all.
B00003CX8I|5.0|This is by far the best super-hero/comic book movie ever made. It has a good story, and the actors really do an excellent job of bringing the X-Men to live action. Unlike those crappy Batman movies, X-Men is meant to be taken seriously. There are some funny scenes, but the movie is not full of cheesy bland one-liners that the DC Comic movies are full of. Hugh Jackman does a superb job as Wolverine. Wolvie is basically the main character of the movie, and every scene that he is in is better than the last. There are several elaborate fight sequences between Sabretooth and Wolverine that are fun to watch. This is really a movie that is fun for almost the entire family. I am very happy that it is coming to video so quickly after it has left the theaters. If you are anyone you know is a comic book or action movie fan, get this movie for them.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Whoever says Limp Bizkit isn't any good must have no sense.  They are one of the best bands out there. They are unique in a way that there is really no one else like them. They are in a group of there own.  They find a way to put a good meledy into rap.  Thats what makes them so good.  This is a must buy CD!  If I could put 6 stars on this CD, I would!!
6305657939|4.0|Let me say up front: I am distinctly not a fan of movie remakes. Usually, I find them to be tiresome rip-offs of the originals. So, when my wife rented a copy of the 1999 remake of &#34;The Thomas Crown Affair,&#34; (the original being that 1968 classic heist film starring Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway), I found myself predisposed to return it the video store unwatched. That, despite the fact that everything I had previously heard about the movie made it sound pretty good! Reluctantly, I decided to go ahead and sit through it...and am I ever glad I did!<br /><br />Thomas Crown, is a man who has it all. He's a smart, sophisticated Wall Street financier, worth multi-billions of dollars. He owns his own holding company, a New York skyscraper, and a gorgeous town house filled with art treasures. He has everything a man could ask for...except a challenge in life. He's bored. And he's always on the lookout for the ultimate thrill...<br /><br />In order to find that greatest of all thrills, he enlists a little help from a trio of Eastern European accomplices and pulls off a daring daytime theft of a priceless painting from a New York art museum.<br /><br />Enter Catherine Banning, an insurance investigator for &#34;a couple of guys from Zurich who don't want to just write a 100 million dollar check&#34; for the stolen painting. She's just as smart, sophisticated, and savvy as Crown, and equally eager for the next great challenge, the ultimate thrill. She immediately suspects that Crown is the mastermind behind the theft, and she will stop at nothing to get that painting back...including seducing her prime suspect. Soon, Crown and Banning find themselves on a collision course of sex, suspicion, ambition, jealousy, and betrayal...<br /><br />...I won't give away any more of the plot. It is sufficient to say that the movie takes many a suspenseful and enjoyable twist and turn on its way to a surprisingly unpredictable outcome.<br /><br />Needless to say, I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of &#34;The Thomas Crown Affair.&#34; In fact, I actually thought it was better than the 1968 McQueen/Dunaway version. It is a taut, suspenseful film tinged with humor and wit The acting is good throughout. Renee Russo dominates the film with her splendid performance as the canny and sensual insurance investigator. Pierce Brosnan's portrayal of Thomas Crown is good, but certainly less intense and satisfying than Russo's characterization of Banning. The chemistry between Russo and Brosnan is enhanced by sharp, witty dialogue and the highly sensual scenes shared by these two attractive actors. However, their on-screen chemistry tended to suffer on a few occasions, when Brosnan seemed almost passive next to Russo. Denis Leary was excellent in his role as the highly intelligent and sensitive police detective Mike McCann, as was Faye Dunaway in her cameo appearance as Thomas Crown's therapist.<br /><br />At the end of an evening of movie watching, with the ending credits of 1999's &#34;The Thomas Crown Affair&#34; beginning to roll, I had to admit: my wife had really picked out a very good movie this time! First class entertainment all the way!y surprised at the quality of &#34;The Thomas Crown Affair.&#34; In fact, I actually thought it was better than the 1968 McQueen/Dunaway version. It is a taut, suspenseful film tinged with humor and wit The acting is good throughout. Renee Russo dominates the film with her splendid performance as the canny and sensual insurance investigator. Pierce Brosnan's portrayal of Thomas Crown is good, but certainly less intense and satisfying than Russo's characterization of Banning. The chemistry between Russo and Brosnan is enhanced by sharp, witty dialogue and the highly sensual scenes shared by these two attractive actors. However, their on-screen chemistry tended to suffer on a few occasions, when Brosnan seemed almost passive next to Russo. Denis Leary was excellent in his role as the highly intelligent and sensitive police detective Mike McCann, as was Faye Dunaway in her cameo appearance as Thomas Crown's therapist.<br /><br />At the end of an evening of movie watching, with the ending credits of 1999's &#34;The Thomas Crown Affair&#34; beginning to roll, I had to admit: my wife had really picked out a very good movie this time! First class entertainment all the way!
B00003CXAT|5.0|This review is mainly intended for people interested in buying the DVD, which most likely means you liked the movie and want a collector's version you can enjoy again and again.<br />Do not hesitate for a minute to buy this disc.<br />I loved Jurassic Park from the word go.  I read the novel long before the movie was even announced, hiding it in schoolbooks and finishing it in a day.  When I heard about the movie, I was everjoyed, and was not disappointed when I attended the opening.  It lived up to all of my expectations, which is saying a lot.<br />Now, seven years later, Universal is finally offering us fans a chance to own the ultimate edition.  The dinosaurs are still amazing, the story still interesting, and I've already enjoyed this disc three times.<br />Although there are no deleted scenes or commentaries, the DVD version is great.  The video transfer is perfect, no lines or dots, and the sound is clear and precise.  If it seems quiet to you, remember that Jurassic Park came out before action movies had really pumped-up soundtracks.  If you insist on loudness all the time, crank it up, but be prepared because the sound packs a whallop at all the right times (T-Rex roar, etc.)<br />The extras are groovy as well.  The &quot;Making of Jurassic Park&quot; is a little 30-minute short of the kind that probably ran on HBO or Showtime, and is informative, especially about one of the movies that birthed the CGI-effects we all take for granted these days.  The &quot;dinosaur encyclopedia&quot; isn't all that informative, but has some nice pictures of the various dinos in the film.  The trailer for Jurassic Park III is a joke, it doesn't show anything, but I wasn't really expecting it to.<br />If you want a version of this classic to enjoy for years to come, I can wholeheartedly suggest this DVD.  You will not be disappointed.  Now, if only they can come up with a decent Jurassic Park themed computer game...
6305428425|5.0|Title says it all, and also I Loved the movie
B000005DQR|5.0|Beauty beyond the meaning of the word. This is music for and by the human soul. Insight from Dj Shadow conveyed through his pure will and sampler. He should some kind of award for &quot;Best Song Title that actually Fits the Song&quot;, Midnight in a Perfect World, is the best description of just that...<br />Before DJ Shadow, I had absolutely no interest in hip-hop or rap(not that I'm labeling this as Hip-hop), but after, I actually had faith that it might possibly be good music...<br />Josh Davis, someday I would like to meet you, and have a nice, long conversation...
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I went to see U-571 only because Jake Weber starred in it as Lt. Hirsch, but I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised by it. While it may not be the most historically accurate movie and also not the best sub-movie ever made, it is gripping from beginning to end. You won't be disappointed when you're looking for a good action movie! Oh and to all Jake Weber fans - get this one!
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is awesome. All of the songs are great, especially Porclein.
0375707972|5.0|Complex and intimate fictional memoir in which a middle-aged German recalls a love affair he had at age 15 with a 36-year-old streetcar conductor.  The affair is more of a metaphor for the guilty relationship between Germany and the Nazis, rather than an Oedipal/Lolita study.  This becomes more apparent in the second half of the book, when the mentor/paramour Hanna is tried for war crimes and becomes the morally ambiguous human face of German Nazis.<br />The generation gap experienced by baby boomers in the United States was intense, even though American veterans of WWII were heroes in a noble cause.  Imagine how different the experience was in Germany, where the older generation was stained with the commission, or at least the tolerance, of Nazi atrocities.  Schlink treads a delicate line as he attempts some measure of forgiveness on behalf of the generation he refers to not as &quot;boomers&quot; but as &quot;second generation.&quot;<br />Kudos to Janeway for the translation, as the poetic quality of the writing and the keen human insight survive amazingly well in the English version.  The book did not win its awards by being insipid, or deserving the worst possible Amazon ranking.  The intensely negative reviews elicited are likely a result of the author's willingness to deal frankly with such emotionally charged subjects.  It is an important and thought-provoking work, beautifully written.
B000002VMH|5.0|Sheer brilliance! Annie has it all. &quot;Diva&quot; is a work of art. Annie uses her musical genious to produce the perfect album. Whether she sings about heartache or love, each song takes her into another world. Since buying the cd, I've played it over and over umpteen times. Even the songs which were at first, boring, grew on me.<br />Annie sings of unrequitted love in &quot;Diva&quot;. The songs are melodramatic demons of her mind. I love the idea of her writing her own music. She even contributed to the fun by playing keyboards. The opening track, &quot;Why&quot; gives the feeling of the album right there. &quot;The gift&quot;, complete with a heart beat-like keyboard beat, brings the disc to an end. Let us not forget the amusing song, &quot;Keep young &amp; beautiful&quot;. This song shows Annie's interest in victorian genre, which she based the entire cd and video collection on. I LOVE IT! Personally, I find the album cover sentimental. Annie is in a setting, disguising her feelings behind make-up and glamorous costume.<br />Well, Lennox fans, don't debate on buying this cd no longer, go get it now!<br />Did my review help you?
0399146253|4.0|Lately Patricia Cornwell's Kay Scarpetta series has lost some of it's luster.  Her last effort Black Notice, was without question the worst entry in the series.  This book is a nice bounce back, but it doesn't quite live up to the potential it shows at first.  After the first few chapters of The Last Precinct, I was convinced that Cornwell was going to reinvent Kay and take a new and fresh approach to the series.  Unfortunatley, the soul searching that Scarpetta goes through in the first few chapters does not lead to the resounding change I was hoping for.  Yes, it does seem that Cornwell is going to shake things up a bit just not as much as I hoped.  The plot of this book picks up right were Black Notice left off.  Somehow, the plot that seemed unrealistic and contrived in the previous book actually picks up some life.  It almost feels like Cornwell recognizes how badly conceived Black Notice's plot was and is using this book to flesh it out. Being a fan of Cornwell's work, I really wanted to like this book, and I have to say that I did.  It is an improvement over the last couple of efforts.  However, it is still not as good as the earliest entries in this series and if this plot was connected with a book that was not part of a series that I liked, I'm not so sure that I would have enjoyed it as much as I did.  If you have never read a Kay Scarpetta book before, do not start with this one.  If you are a Cornwell fan that vowed you would never read her again after Black Notice, give her another try.  The Last Precinct could be a fresh start for Kay Scarpetta, let's hope it continues.
0679879269|5.0|Ever since I read The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife I wondered how Mr Pullman could ever tie all the lines together, but now i know. It took a genious.  It makes me hopefull, since there are so many bad fantasy and science ficton books released nowadays, and allways have been, that His Dark Materials has been released.  It is as if Pullman is writing in his own language, his own style. It is so different, so wonderful.  I can see how some people would not like the end, but Pullman did it so wonderfully elegant that it didn't really matter. Well done Pullman! A masterpiece!
0780631684|5.0|This is a must buy for anyone who loves those great moments in movies.  Some cheesiness, but genuinely thrilling.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead - Kid A<br />I've had about 10 full listening sessions with Kid A, which is required before any judgement is passed.  First off this is not The Bends or OK Computer, but it was done by the same band.  The sonic guitars that put this band on the map have taken a seat at the back of the musical plane and the atmospheric, electronic soundscapes from the heads of Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood have moved on up to first class.  The result is a longer, bumpier ride, but the flight is just as satisfying.   <br />The album is 11 tracks long and there are a few songs that might make it as singles (Optimistic, The National Anthem, How To Disappear Completely), but not on purpose.   This is a CD that you have to listen from beginning to end.  You can't throw Kid A in to the car stereo as you drive down to the store, it doesn't was not designed that way.  You have to set aside 50 minutes to listen to the album from beginning to end and only then might this puzzle of a record begin to make sense.  <br />There is a lot of bare space with in the album, but it's a dense layered landscape of sound that has a host of hidden identities.  Yes the previous sentence contradicts itself, but so does Kid A.  Only after repeated listens do you start to hear and feel the emotion and vision of this piece.  <br />Yorke and the merry boys from Oxford have recaptured the musical magic that they discovered on The Bends and refined with OK Computer.  Kid A is an subtle, intense exercise that demands the focus and thought of the listener, a welcome change in this era of kiddie porn dressed up as pop music and steroid stained, angry white rock boy hip-hop poseurs.
B000002J1I|5.0|Tormato is one of Yes's best!  I was very surprised when it bombed, it has all the elements good music should have, it makes you feel!  Whats harder for me to understand is that even the band desided it wasn't good cause so many didn't like it, get a grip!  Tormato helped me fall deeply in love with the music of Yes...going for the one is awesome too!  Relayer...breath taking, Drama interesting...the older stuff before those, are ok and hits for the time, well worth listening to, but the stuff passing for yes music now bites...and not in a good way! It sounds so fake, I just shake my head...oh well, thats the times I guess.  I do have to say that Jons voice is like a fine wine, better and better with every year!  Tormato is worth listening to and hearing every note, feel its magic*
B00004XQP4|5.0|This is an awesome cd.  I love it.  The tunes are very catchy and Billie still has that sexy voice.  The lyrics are very profound and intense.  They could stand on their own as &quot;beautiful&quot; poetry (beautiful is a dangerous word to use with a punk band).  For those of you who are die hard Green Day fans-you better already have this cd.  For you who are completely oblivious (how dare you) to this awesome trio, I recommend you listen to this cd first and then work your way back to the earlier days.  For those of you who are punk fans, this is still a great cd even though it may sound &quot;soft&quot; at first.  Pay attention to the lyrics-that's where the magic begins.  When you get the cd, just listen to the songs WITHOUT looking at the words (it will be tough but you'll manage)-I guarantee you will be humming most if not all of the songs after one time through.  Then, sing along with the tunes.  You'll get 'em down in no time.  Finally, just read the lyrics.  As I said before, they could stand alone so give them the respect they deserve.  Green Day has proven that they can still rock on.  I have followed them for 7 years and I will continue to do so.  The boys from Berkeley are back on top again.  I give them three thumbs up, six stars, and a perfect 11!
0440416027|5.0|This book is one of those stories that make you want to keep them secret and held inside of you, but are so good you want to rave to random people on the streets.  It reads with the kind of clarity and beauty that I have seen only in The Last Unicorn, by Peter S. Beagle.  This book is truly special.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|There's not much to say, except &quot;stay far, far away!&quot;  There's so much hokum here, it's very tough to sit through the whole film.  I guess one could expect some aberrant film selection from Kevin Kline, Wil Smith, or Salma Hayek, but Kenneth Branaugh.... shame on you! <br />One of the worst films of recent memory.
6305342776|4.0|Like most other reviewers- I havn't seen this movie in twenty years or so. I was suprised that the special effects did not look &quot;dated&quot; (the black hole, meteors,ect.) Maximilian the robot is terrifying. An all star cast and excellent special effects make this movie worthwhile. This will make up for the very disturbing and confusing ending.
0195067142|5.0|I have read over 30 persoanl accounts of cambat in WWII and this one has to rank at the top.  If anyone can read this account and not thank God for the USMC then they place no value in their freedom.  The vivid accounts of sheer terror are beyond description.  You must read it to believe it.  I usually read about the war in Europe but after this book it is obvious that the fighting in the Pacific took brutality to another level.  Thank you E.B. Sledge for your service and this wonderful book.
B000002OX7|5.0|When I received this album as a gift, I didn,t even have an idea of who The Who was, let alone was I familiar with their unique brand of rock.  But listening to the first five minutes of the album, the uplifting and powerful &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; instantly rendered me a fan of their wild yet brilliantly provocative sound.  <br />This album is filled with the best synthesizer-supported music I have ever heard, and the rough sound of Roger Daltrey's voice perfectly balances with the ear-splitting guitar riffs.  The lyrics are ingenious and a true pleasure to listen to, as much a part of the audio effect as the robust acoustic and electric guitar playing.  My favorite track is easily &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; the eight and a half minute opus of electric organ, phenomenal percussion by Keith Moon, and mastermind Pete Townsend's resounding guitar notes.  And not to mention lead singer Daltrey's  deafening yet perfectly on-pitch screams.  I would rate this song as the best ever, but all the other songs contribute to making &quot;Who's Next&quot; the best album ever.<br />These other songs include &quot;Bargain,&quot; the sweeping &quot;Goin' Mobile,&quot; the loud and triumphant &quot;The Song is Over,&quot; the fresh and crisp &quot;Pure and Easy,&quot; and the blues-oriented &quot;Getting in Tune.&quot;  And of course, the silver medal to &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;'s gold is the dynamic &quot;Behind Blue Eyes,&quot; an intense song filled with poignant vocals and rough, heavy rock and roll.  <br />This album is the best ever, filled to the brim with angry, harsh rock, loud screams, pleasurable acoustic guitar, and poetry half-shouted, half-serenaded with a flourish of emotion.  If I was ever wrong about anything before concerning music, I know that I'm definitelty right when I tell you that this album is an absolute must!
0805062971|5.0|My expectations for the book after watching the movie were, to say the least, very high. I had watched the movie many times, obsessing over every second of footage. I watched certain parts in slow motion, and memorized practicly every line. So of course, I wanted to read the book. I already knew the basic plot from the movie, but I felt that there must be even more to grasp from the book, and there was. <br />Fight Club is a very deep story, that involves many of the morals and values of today's society, from who we are to what we may become. It will make you think for hours about things you had never thought of before. Some of the imagery in the book will stay in your mind for days. It has a complexity in thought, yet a simpleness in words. While it is only about 200 pages long, it contains so much thought that it feels like it is very long. <br />There are many different theme's that I noticed interwoven through the novel. There was the obvious theme of violence, as suggested in the title. However, there are also themes such as lust, jealousy, insanity and the role of modern civilization. To say more might ruin parts of the book, especially if you haven't seen the movie.<br />One thing I am most impressed about is the fact that this is Chuck Palahniuk's first novel. The writing style is very clear and easy to read, even though what is going on is very complex. For instance, Palahniuk describes will two completely different scenes simultaneaously, without getting too wordy or vague. I definately look forward to books from him in the future.<br />In short, Fight Club is an excellent book, for many reasons. I recommend it for anyone who has an open mind, and will not take it the wrong way. Definately worth your time to read it. Oh, yeah, and the movie is really good too. :)
B00004XONN|5.0|Track 3 sounds very derivative of Charles Mingus.  Wouldn't you say?
B0000039QA|4.0|THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF THE BEST OF IT'S TIME.WHEN THIS ALBUM CAME OUT BAD BOY WAS DOING GOOD FOR THEMSELVES.BIGGIE IS NOTHING MORE THAN A MEMORY.
B00004X01U|3.0|The title track is the best work on this CD. I like Madonna and I like her music and this isn't her best showing. It seems harried and pieced together with little thought. I hate to knock her music, but you'll agree with me when you hear the other tracks.<br />I don't want to seem overcritical, I know my place (upper-middle class) and I know hers (mega-superstar). This simply isn't the best work she's capable of.
6304712936|5.0|i really enjoyed this movie alot!!....it was funny and intersting about Mozart!!...i didnt know anything about this man until i actually saw this movie at my theatre arts class....we plan to do a play on dat movie in November soon....i know it will be a great plan because the movie was very good!!!...
B000002MUN|5.0|I'm one of those guys who's been with TP since the first album came out in '76 on Leon Russell's Shelter label, so I have everything Petty's recorded and released.  WILDFLOWERS blew me away when it first appeared, and I was surprised at the relatively lackluster reviews it received at the time (maybe a backlash against TP and producer Rick Rubin?).  Over the years, my opinion of it has only increased.  Benmont Tench and Mike Campbell are great here, making this a musically very sophisticated yet understated set of songs.  The lyrics are the most powerful TP's done since 1979's near masterpiece, HARD PROMISES.  WILDFLOWERS is a gem.
B00004U8PA|1.0|If you think this is such a great film being cult and all, then you are wrong. It's a classic when I was in high school blah, blah, blah. My dad would always talk about how stupid kids in his class would be because they were so addicted to this movie. He thought it was okay at first until it bacame like what pokemon ended up like last year when I was a snot nosed freshman. But then I saw it and it insulted me as a horror movie fan. And now, I look through the reviews of this movie and see what they think about it. Personally, this is what I think about them:<br />Those people are nuts!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I think this is there best album yet.I don't belive those posers and the reviews they wrote,but it's a free country.My favorite songs are testfiy,gurellia radio,sleep now in the fire,and pizza man(hidden track).
B00004TDTO|5.0|its finally here... jaws on dvd, ive waited for quite awhile.  jaws has been my No1 favourite film since i was a little kid... ive owned it on video and gone through a number of copies from watching it too much. i love the freedom that the dvd gives you cause i love to skip to the good bits and see people getting eaten alive in super slow motion. the extra features on this dvd arent all that good... but theyre not the reason you would get this dvd anyway.  you would get it because its a timeless classic, Spielbergs best monster movie if you ask me.  it will out live jurrasic park any day. the only thing that disapointed me was, i wished that it came with a director's commentry... i would love to hear wat the great man steven spielberg has to say bout it.  not to worry though.  get this dvd, and remember its still not safe to go back in the water.. and it never will be as long as people remember Jaws.  dumdum dumdum dum dum.
B00000064G|5.0|I bought a Nick Drake album once before &amp; was really disappointed by the arrangements.  Lots of strings... couldn't really listen to it.  Then I picked up Pink Moon.  WOW!  This is what all the fuss is about.  Unique, acoustic, mellow &amp; beautiful.  If you are at all interested in Nick Drake get Pink Moon first &amp; you'll be hooked.  This is a great album &amp; I've got to admit that it was that VW add that made me give Nick Drake another shot... really a mellow classic.
B00003W8NM|5.0|this has to be Dave Fincher's best work yet.  if you never got to see fight club at the cinema then i feel sorry for you.  i dont know why there arent more movies made like this one.  the acting is unreal, the soundtrack is awesome and the story is one of a kind, and its all nicely presented on dvd.  im a huge fan of the director's commentry so i was in heaven to find out that the dvd contains 4 seperate commentrys from cast and crew. if you had any choice in the next dvd to add to your collection then this one is it... but you should already have this anyway. fight club is one of those rare movies that wont die out or be forgotten. also look into Dave Finchers other films such as &quot;the game&quot; and &quot;seven&quot;, both worth owning on dvd.
B0000048CX|4.0|Fakebook is really the album that put Yo La Tengo on the map.  I wore this one out... it is strangely beautiful but really really odd.  The songs are just so cool &amp; different &amp; melodic &amp; likable.  I can almost guarantee you'll enjoy this collection of mostly very obscure covers.  After this album YLT gets into their feedback laden, art rock phase.  Don't go buying that stuff looking for another Fakebook... though it has it's own merits.  This is one everyone should have in their collection as it is the only thing to scratch this particular musical itch.
B00003CXGG|4.0|i dont know why so many people gave this film a bagging... wat were they expecting? i think that its good to see Jet Li trying out all sorts of different roles and i think he's done well in his second american feature. i have to say that nothing can ever beat once upon a time in china or fist of legend, but its no good dwelling in the past... i love the new-wave feel to this movie, with its great soundtrack and stunning visual artistry. the dvd does this film justice... although a directors commentry would have been good to see.  i will watch this film over and over again and never get sick of it. Go Jet... kick some...!
6304298285|1.0|Jack is easily one of Robin Williams' and Francis Ford Coppola's worst films.  Most of the fault lies in the terrible script, a mishmash of cliches and predictability, hackneyed dialogue, along with a serious lack of tasteful humor.  There's nothing the least bit creative about this film, and nothing funny at all.
B00003CXCS|5.0|This is an outstanding achievment and an excellent collectors item.<br />I have watched my DVD version of this film 3 times already and I have enjoyed listening to the clean music, watching the extrordinary scenery and dancing, and the extremely talented and superb acting.<br />This film is honestly one of the cleanest and purest films, that totally suprises you and comes out on top.<br />It is a delightful tale of a young woman (Julie Andrews) who wishes to become a nun, but only for the reason that this is the only world she knows. So, the other nuns in the convent deside to deal with her like any good loving parents would, AND KICK HER OUT INTO THE REAL WORLD WITH COLD FEET and no money! They send her to a captain's (Christopher Plummer) house to take care of his children since his wife has passed away and the children have frightened off the other caretakers. Eventually the poor young woman runs back to the convent for fear of falling in love, but the nuns would not let her run away, instead they make her face her fear and she ends up back at the captain's house. The story unravels through a beautifully coriagraphed artwork entitled the sound of music.<br />A joy of a script and a very delicate job of a very famous true story. Although the movie did get some bad reviews from those who were actually a part of the real story, it eventually grew on them and has definitely grown on me. I love the Funny remarks, and sweet stolen kisses in the Gazeebo. It is so romantic and with the last act (were the nazis take over Austria), it becomes one of the MOST POWERFUL AND PROFOUND MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN.<br />I have a girlfriend, and this is a sure fire film that I would never mind cuddling up with her on the couch and watching it again and again.<br />This is a BRILLIANT Film that was creatively invented, Everyone can and will enjoy it, without worry of any hollywood additions (a.k.a. violence, etc..., etc..., etc...).<br />This is AceDog from The LuckyDog Newsletter: Movie Review Have a beautiful hike through the mountains.
B00000JG41|4.0|I was in a used CD store and I heard tracks 5-7 playing over the loudspeaker. It was so strange that I bought it.  At first, I was a little disappointed.  Sure, there some wonderfully weird songs like &quot;Golem II&quot; and &quot;Goodbye Sober Day&quot;, the quartal harmonies of &quot;The Holy Filament&quot;, and, of course, the psychotic Middle-Eastern freakout of &quot;Ars Moriendi&quot;, which was my introduction to the CD.  But there was also the sappy &quot;Retrovertigo&quot;, and &quot;Pink Cigarette&quot; and &quot;Vanity Fair&quot;, which seemed a little too close for comfort to what they were making fun of.  But as I've listened, I've liked the album more and more.  I even got to like the &quot;hop, hip-hop, j-j-j-joe&quot; section in &quot;None of Them Knew They Were Robots&quot;!  There are still a few moments that bother me, including some moments of &quot;Retrovertigo,&quot; and all but the last 10 seconds of &quot;Pink Cigarette&quot;--and I wish the speaker-switching effects from &quot;The Air-Conditioned Nightmare&quot; made a reappearance towards the end of the song.  But overall, it's a good, solid listen, deliciously surreal, kind of like the early Mothers of Invention but with better musicianship.  I definitely plan to look into Mr. Bungle's other stuff.<br /><br />And to those of you who said this was too commercial, have you actually LISTENED to any commercial music?
0679879269|5.0|From page 479:  &quot;...She said that all the history of human life has been a struggle between wisdom and stupidity.  She and the rebel angels, the followers of wisdom, have always tried to open minds; the Authority and his churches have always tried to keep them closed.&quot;  Pullman shows us the common humanity of our consciousness, love and freedom; as matter cherishes dust, we must honor our own lives and respect each other. Writing with confidence and purpose, the author brings every plot and foreshadowing to a successful, though not always joyous, conclusion.  Read this with your children- this is not a Harry Potter trifle- but a mature work of literature that raises themes that can change lives- children will have many questions that require careful consideration and discussion.    It is chilling to read the first edition of a book that will certainly be a classic and read eagerly by many generations. How soon before the Authority tries to ban this book in school libraries?<br />We are fortunate to have this series. Thanks Mr. Pullman.
B00003CXAT|4.0|I have the orignal Jurassic Park on video and I brought the full-screen collector's edition on DVD and it is great. It has alot of extra features like theatrical trailers to JP1, JP2, and JP3. Cannot wait till Jurassic Park 3 comes out. It also has behind the scene footage, a silent Kitchen in the Raptor scene and some more. This is a must to own on DVD. But whatever you do don't get The Lost World for widescreen because I rented it the other day and the picture was good except it didn't have any extras in it. All it had was Chapter list and movie. Stick with the first one the second one isn't any good. Buy Jurassic Park on DVD today!
6304712499|1.0|Before my friend Todd moved out of state to somewhat greener pastures (and my wife and I had a son), we saw a lot of movies together. Many many movies. Some good, some bad. Mostly we enjoyed the cheesy ones, which were at least good for a laugh. Even the worst, we forced ourselves to sit through, telling ourselves that whatever didn't kill us would make us stronger. We saw all of the Batman movies...and made it through without a scratch.<br />During the showing of Spawn, I actually fell asleep. Repeatedly. That's how ridiculous, stupid, and boring this movie is. I've never fallen asleep in another movie in my life, and to think this is supposed to be an action movie! Worse yet, once I woke up sufficiently, we left. The one and only time we left before a movie was over.<br />It hurts too much to get into the details. Suffice it to say this is the single least enjoyable movie I've ever paid to see. And I went to see it at the discount theater. <br />My one-sentence review: &quot;There's an hour of my life I'll never get back.&quot;
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have been reading reviews of other bands such as Nothingface, Nashville Pussy, Slayer, Hatebreed, Cannibal Corpse, and Pantera. They are saying that these bands are some of the hardest and heaviest bands ever to which i strongly disagree. While all of these bands listed are certainly hard they don't even compare to Slipknot. Slipknot is pure unadulterated madness which I can't say about some of those other bands. This album starts out tough and goes smoothly from start to finish without a single bad song. And these people are saying that Slipknot isn't even hardcore! These people obviously don't know what they are talking about they just don't like Slipknot because they are pretty well-known band that gets played on the radio a lot. They just like to be rebels and listen to crappy music that no one has heard of just because no one has heard of. Basically Slipknot is the hardest band of all time and no hardcore music fan should miss out. Get this cd if you like: Sepultura, Pantera, Megadeth, cannibal corpse, Slayer, Type O Negative or anything else like that.
B000002JSP|4.0|By the time Led Zeppelin finally got down to business recording IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR, the band had suffered an incredible streak of tragedy & bad luck, mostly towards Robert Plant. His near-deadly auto accident in August 1975 would take him a few years to physically recover, necessitating the curtailing of two concert tours (one for PHYSICAL GRAFFITI, the other for PRESENCE). While Robert had done his best to make it through the PRESENCE tour despite having to perform most of his shows sitting down, he was dealt another blow by the freak death of his 5-year old son Karac from a stomach infection in July 1977. Robert spent most of the next year in seclusion, unable or unwilling to work, effectively cancelling the tour.<br /><br />When Zeppelin at last began work on the album, a lot had changed. While the band was out of the spotlight, their long-awaited concert film THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME was released, along with its soundtrack album. While the movie would become a cult classic & the album reached #2, nearly everyone involved (fans & even the band themselves) considered it a fiasco. By that time, punk had arrived & the excesses, musical & otherwise, of bands like Zeppelin were held up as everything that was wrong with pop music. They could easily have called it a day then & perhaps they almost did, but somehow, Zeppelin decided to dig in for one more shot on IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR.<br /><br />Recording used to be one big party for the band, but not anymore. Now it was business. By all accounts, nobody was having any fun anymore & if the guerilla recording style of PRESENCE was bad enough, the rather lethargic pace of OUT DOOR was even worse. Having been recorded at ABBA's new Polar studios in Stockholm, Sweden (so new, that it was not even completed when Zeppelin arrived), where it was generally cold & dark most of the day, that only exacerbated the adverse conditions involved. Jimmy Page's drug habit was almost out of control, and he being Robert's primary songwriting partner, he was unable to do much on that end. So bassist John Paul Jones stepped up & as a result, has his name on 6 of the 7 songs.<br /><br />John's keyboard-heavy sheen on OUT DOOR is the deal breaker or maker for most on this album. Some fans like myself consider it a fresh, invigorating change for Zeppelin's sound & one that would have likely helped them mature into the '80s. Other hardcore fans think of it as an emasculation of the band's image, but regardless of which side you fall on, there are still some gems to be found here. Furthermore, the members of Zeppelin were now in their thirties & miles away from their beginnings as wet-behind-the-ears blues-rockers. So this album demonstrates an older, wiser band.<br /><br />It still opens with an unfazing rocker \\"In The Evening\\", which kicks screaming butt even with little of Page's presence (his name may be listed as producer on OUT DOOR, but other than solos, Jimmy was in little shape to produce anything at this point). The keyboards & bass are louder than they have ever been, and the groove is much more pronounced. Those two instruments are the focus of highlights like the boogie-heavy \\"South Bound Suarez\\", the Latin-inspired \\"Fool In The Rain\\", which would be their last hit single (one of their better releases, in fact) & the proverbial long-form work \\"Carouselambra\\". With the music of the 1980s more keyboard-based, these songs show that Zeppelin could easily have fit into that scheme of things back then.<br /><br />The attempt at lightening things up was the country hoedown of \\"Hot Dog\\", which really is nothing to write home about, but still a hell of a good time. Great Elvis impersonation in Robert's vocal on this one, and now it would seem the collaboration with Alison Krauss on RAISING SAND was not that much of an odd-couple pairing after all.<br /><br />The introspection then starts near the end with the beautiful \\"All My Love\\", which is an outpouring of emotion from Robert to his son. The Zeppelin of old would probably not have been caught dead doing a \\"power ballad\\", even a precursor to one. Given the circumstances, though, it was expected & it turns out far better than hoped for. You can practically hear Robert's heart breaking as he sings it, as he tries to deal with the unthinkable of a parent losing their own child.<br /><br />OUT DOOR closes with a last blues workout on \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\", which could also be considered an appropriate farewell to Zeppelin, as it brings them back full circle to how they started. Granted, they probably had no idea at the time that this would be their final curtain call, but when John Bonham finally burnt out the following year, Led Zeppelin & the world would see just how fitting a goodbye it really was. It seems bittersweet to think about it now, but you really could not have scripted a better send-off than \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\", the final song on the final Led Zeppelin album ever (not counting CODA, which was a rarities collection).<br /><br />Indeed, the band did the only logical & respectful thing by disbanding after the irreplacable Bonzo's death in September 1980. That way, their legend was left intact, even spotless almost. Robert Plant would embark on a solo career that would consciously try to avoid any overt Zeppelin-isms, further helping to preserve a band frozen in time. He & Jimmy Page would occasionally collaborate over the years, but have done well by keeping the idea of a real Zeppelin reunion off the table. Rather than taint their legacy like the Stones, Zeppelin has kept theirs preserved where it should be.<br /><br />IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR might not be every fan's cup of tea, but when you consider where Led Zeppelin was going & where it wound up, in many ways, it was a far more logical step than anyone could have imagined.eppelin of old would probably not have been caught dead doing a \\"power ballad\\", even a precursor to one. Given the circumstances, though, it was expected & it turns out far better than hoped for. You can practically hear Robert's heart breaking as he sings it, as he tries to deal with the unthinkable of a parent losing their own child.<br /><br />OUT DOOR closes with a last blues workout on \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\", which could also be considered an appropriate farewell to Zeppelin, as it brings them back full circle to how they started. Granted, they probably had no idea at the time that this would be their final curtain call, but when John Bonham finally burnt out the following year, Led Zeppelin & the world would see just how fitting a goodbye it really was. It seems bittersweet to think about it now, but you really could not have scripted a better send-off than \\"I'm Gonna Crawl\\", the final song on the final Led Zeppelin album ever (not counting CODA, which was a rarities collection).<br /><br />Indeed, the band did the only logical & respectful thing by disbanding after the irreplacable Bonzo's death in September 1980. That way, their legend was left intact, even spotless almost. Robert Plant would embark on a solo career that would consciously try to avoid any overt Zeppelin-isms, further helping to preserve a band frozen in time. He & Jimmy Page would occasionally collaborate over the years, but have done well by keeping the idea of a real Zeppelin reunion off the table. Rather than taint their legacy like the Stones, Zeppelin has kept theirs preserved where it should be.<br /><br />IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR might not be every fan's cup of tea, but when you consider where Led Zeppelin was going & where it wound up, in many ways, it was a far more logical step than anyone could have imagined.
B000002UJQ|1.0|I got an electronic keyboard in the third grade that made more innovating sounds. Radiohead relies on small scraps of mildly interesting electronica to appeal to bohemian types. Without a little squeaky noise here and there, Radiohead would simply be a the voice of a seemingly angrily retarded individual set against very bad pop tunes. This band copies too many cool bands that came out several years ago.(Portishead, Bjork......) Their Saturday Night Live debut was so funny I almost wet myself. What is this new rag doll dance? Even little Fiona is doing it. It is the most ostentatious way to feel music. It is also relatively easy. I can understand and sympathize with Radiohead's method of feeling music, but there is nothing there to feel.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist was introduced to me by one of my fellow travellers.  I found it amazing and enchanting that the things we discussed over a glass of wine far away, paralleled the story of Santiago and his dream so closely.  In this wonderful character of Paulo Coelho I found wisdom, insight and a hungry heart to match so many of my fellow travellers.  In a sense it reminded me of the Little Prince - Antoine De Saint-Exupery.    I will gladly recommend The Alchemist again and again.
B00004XONN|1.0|Wow! this is soooo disappointing! Kid A is not the sound of a band evolving - it's the sound of a band that everyone feels can do NO wrong! When that happens you get records like this one. Full of slickly packaged concepts that are marketed as NON-slickly packaged concepts, very clever indeed. The majority of this album lack any focus or even any artistic goals. One could say that is the beauty of it - HOGWASH, that my friends is a lame excuse for this lame excuse. Kid A gets a Kid D-. (The songs Optomistic and Treefingers are pretty good)
B000003TAW|5.0|If you like music, than you will like Weezer. It's as simple as that. I do not know a single person that doesn't sing along to the tunes on this album and enjoy listenng time after time. This CD never loses a thing no matter how many times you listen. I got this CD when it first came out, and I'm still listening to it regularly 6 years later. This is a must buy for any music fan.
B00000099Y|5.0|I was truly amazed by this CD when I first listened to it.  Being a big fan of Undertow I decide to buy Aenima not knowing what to expect.  When I put it in my CD player I was totally blown away by the incredible lyrics and the music.  I later found it to become my favorite CD and Tool to become my favorite band.
0385486804|4.0|Into the Wild was an excellent book that delved deep into the mysteries concerned with the dissaperence and adventure of Chris McCandless. McCandless was and young man who, shortly after graduating from college gave up a comfortable life to a way of vagrency, and eventually ended up stranded in a abandoned bus in the heart of the Alsakan wilderness. Krakauer relates his own experiences and feelings to help the reader understand fully as possible what drove Chris to abandon his family and all his possesions. He tries to recreate the last two years of McCandless's life on the road by way of detailed accounts from some of his friends that he met on his way top alaska.   Krakauer reveals the harshness and severity of nature and shows how simlple mistakes can prove extreamly costly. Krakauer also tries to defend McCandless from some of the critics, who attacked him for what he did.  By doing this krakauer does not completely discount the possilbilities put forward by the critics and takes in their views enabeling the read to easily form thier own opinions.
B00004XQP4|1.0|The rip-it-up Green Day of old is long gone, my friends.  They've obviously found out that sappy syrupy ballads that appeal to high school drama queens sell =way= more records than the ripping rock-out songs that Green Day =used= to be good at.  Get out the wheel chairs... looks like Green Day is padding their bank accounts before their retirement.  This record is weak.  It lacks spunk and muscle.  If you long for the Green Day that =rocked=, buy Rancid 2000 instead.  This Green Day album has more in common with Backstreet Boys than with anything 'alternative'.  The boys have gone soft... and they're getting softer.  Weak, weak, and did I mention? weak?
B000001IPL|5.0|Unfortunatly, The Offspring have gone mainstream over the last few albums, and while some of the songs on their newest CD's have redeeming qualities, they don't compare to the greatness that Smash lived up to. With every song having some kind of message, along with great music to go along with it, I believe this is the album that along with giving Epitaph records some credibility, set the standards for great punk music. If you were introduced to Offspring through MTV or lots of radio play of &quot;Pretty Fly For a White Guy&quot;(enough already), you may not appriciate this CD. But for those of you who understand this is one of the great punk rock CD's, you know that Offspring has &quot;Gone Away&quot;(another great song from Ixnay On the Hombre, a good Offspring CD) from their original sound. Hopefully, they will return to their roots someday. Until then, this CD will be in my CD player in place of Americana.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|this is probobly the best cd ive ever bought. this was definately not just thrown together. a lot of work was put into it- it only took the first 3 songs to make me buy the cd. the only way it could be better would be if it were made in 5.1 format - the band would have fun with it, but id be forced to buy a new woofer
0790729385|1.0|Ok so I went and saw the Excorcist in the theatre.  So someone wanna tell me what the big deal is?  The devil takes over Linda Blairs body and then proceeds to make her puke up green stuff and yell childish insults at priests.  So what?  I pissed on my parents carpet when I was a little kid to.  The actors seem a little casual about having Satan in the next room.  They hang out and sip coffee.  Theres even a scene where we see Ellen Burstyn ironing something.  &quot;Gee we have the embodiment of all evil upstairs, so do you take cream in that?&quot;.  Normally I would let forth a huge string of obscenities but this is the amazon.com page so I will relax on that.  I'm glad I only paid matinee instead the bloated evening show cost.  Like I was saying I think that the characters were a little to hoky for their own good.  How do you even keep your sanity knowing that the very devil himself is in the next room much less talk on the phone.  It would have been more interesting to see the mother tear her house apart and turn it into some sort of holy sanctuary in a fit of insanity.  The characters just don't react the way they should in the face of pure evil.  The rest of this hackjob doesn't even matter because when you have shoddy characters not a single other element can save it.  Maybe the devil convinced people this movie was good.....
B00003CWL6|3.0|Nothing here is as it appears. It's about shallowness, emptiness, and fleeting illusions, and as each shallow layer is peeled away, another shallow layer is shown. Lester Burnham throws off the outer layers of his shallow life after meeting a blonde cheerleader who makes him feel young again, and he becomes naïve, prone to child-like rage, and shallow. There's a wife from an impoverished background who's trying to maintain her middle-class façade of gentility, an alienated daughter checking out breast augmentation, a philosophical boyfriend who deals drugs, a homophobic neighbour - each with more layers and masks. The rose-strewn nymphet of Lester's fantasies is revealed to be a trash-mouthed snob obsessed with appearances, then later either as just another insecure teenager, or possibly a tease who's playing ole Lester for a sucker. She's one of the symbols for the theme of the movie, which is about the beauty in our everyday lives. But all of the symbols for beauty, like the plastic bag blowing in the wind and the dead pigeon, are empty, or dead, which means the beauty is, too, and we're pretentious and shallow when we believe it's real.  <br />I had several problems with the movie. I felt that Annette Bening's performance was over the top for the character she was playing. Her theatrical gestures and rather farcical emotions in every scene didn't suit the hard-working and serious Carolyn Burnham. Granted, we know she's projecting a false image, and we find out she's certainly not stodgy, but it's a jarring discrepancy. We never really learn why the Burnham family members all hated each other, even before Lester's lust for the girl. Indifference would have made sense, but why the sheer hatred for each other? And it was difficult to separate the movie from the hype. Because of the \\"hilariously satirical\\" and \\"uproariously funny\\" advertising blurbs that accompanied it, I was expecting something quite different, or at least something with not quite such a message of hopelessness. The characters and the desperation in their situations are more the stuff of pathos than satire. All the characters were worthy of at least empathy from us, although I suspect Kevin Spacey's sweetness made Lester Burnham more appealing than he otherwise would have been. We may like them or not, or identify with them, or not, but laughing at them is cruel. We're always told to follow our hearts, and to do what makes us happy, but the message in this movie is that nothing is gained by doing so, other than false and temporary illusion, like the illusion that beauty is revealed to be. Perhaps that's the joke, and it's on us.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is Nine Inch Nails most aggressive, angriest album. There are only eight songs, but they are all very good, especially Wish and Happiness in Slavery. This is NIN's second best album, The Downward Spiral is better. If you like this album and want something more industrial, get Fixed, Broken's remix album.
B000002C2E|1.0|Have we come to our senses yet? No: it's still &quot;turn up the echo and croak like a dying frog about whatever happens to pop into your hungover head and you're brilliant&quot;. Time back in mind will know this is Dylan's worst.
B00003W8NM|5.0|These people are more and more more insane for mood! How can they support? They                                have the beat themselves about the face and bleedings so much, and they always                                continue to be made the joke! I am astonished that very few died! My friends said that                                they struck each one of the special way, and thus do not feel the pain. Always, they                                wounded each one so much! Were they not with my television, I would require the police!
B000002KBU|5.0|As a teenager in the 70's, my listening tastes consisted of Led Zeppelin, the Eagles, Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer, Yes, and lots of other supergroups.  I got so tired of hearing Joni Mitchell's &quot;Help Me&quot; in the 70's, I changed stations everytime I heard one of her songs.  Oh foolish youth... <br />Last week I bought my first Joni Mitchell album, Blue.  I've been listening to it for a week and am simply amazed at Mitchell's songwriting, vocal range, melodies,....I could go on and on.  There are no songs being written or sung like this today.  Mitchell has the ability to paint pictures of her journeys through life that intrigue and fascinate us.  (Nearly every one of these songs contains mention of a color...not an accident, I think.)  Plus the songs are simply a joy to listen to.  I used to be turned off by Mitchell's singing and vocal mannerisms.  I'll admit that at first, Mitchell's voice was like fingernails on a chalkboard, but in not much time her voice becomes comfortable and welcome.  Her vocal range is very impressive.  I am anxious to hear some of her more recent work to see how her voice has held up since this album was released nearly 30 years ago.  For me, Blue is gold.
078322608X|5.0|I have much fear of the monkeys.  When I was a child, my grandmother would say to me that the monkeys will steal your teeth, and fill in the place with coins! She carried the dentures, which she could quickly withdraw as if to prove her story!  I would cry, and never sleep for the fear which the monkeys would arrive with grips!  A friend, who has a cruelness with her, bought for me this DVD, with the hopes to frighten me, but this did not occur!  There are very small the monkeys in this film, and hardly twelve! The film has  many interesting images and temporary moments with a certain number of the people who before did not have any of it! This Brad Pitt and Bruce Willis are now among friends with us! I would manufacture them starting from clay and would make them fight each one!  There is the small alarming scene with a monkey which is lowered to the young boy on a wire. Will he steal teeth? I am afraid that it is thus! Then your discover that it is joke! I laugh by my sweat!  There are moments with the displacement of monkeys AND removal of teeth in this film. However, it is Bruce Willis to withdraw his teeth! I laugh even while it bleeds of the mouth.  Observe this film without fear of the monkeys! It makes us love and the airport!
B000002UYZ|4.0|This was the first Beatles album I can remember buying as a kid.  I remember being so excited as I hurried home from the record store.  It wasn't long before the LP was worn out, but by that time I was determined to buy all of the Beatle albums.  The Red Album was a great place to start.  It really succeed as that, a starting point for the Beatles novice.  Like other reviewers, I really take Capitol to task for not placing these songs on one disc.  Come on, we all know that they didn't put this music on two discs to &quot;preserve the integrity of the original,&quot; they did it to get more money out of you!  Still, a great starting point for a timeless group.
0440234743|5.0|Mr. Grisham's writing is filled with a wondrous sense of expanding awareness.  His characters are exposed to realities beyond their own current grasp and they are evolved by those new truths.  This story leads the character to what is really important in life, the affirmation of life.  Thank you Mr. Grisham.   Bill Douglas
0140282033|3.0|A modern fairy tale, magical and sensual, Joanne Harris's novel was a trifle hard to get into, but after the first chapter, I was hooked. The mystery of Vianne's past, the fantastic descriptions of the chocolates she makes and sells in her shop, the rising tension between Vianne and the small town priest, the joy in living life to its fullest, all combine to transport the reader beyond the boundaries of ordinary life. Vianne is a woman who believes the greatest joy in life is to make oneself and others happy. She knows, before she even meets the townspeople, just what kind of chocolate or sweet each one will love. Soon she finds her influence expanding as she mends broken hearts and reunites longlost relatives. But will she be forced to leave the small French town she and her daughter have come to love? I discovered the answer while sitting in a grounded jet at O'Hare. Thank goodness for Joanne Harris. And thank goodness for Chocolat.
0440224764|5.0|John Grisham takes us into rapid world's that literally turn the pages with their intensity.  The characters weave together to form a rich tapestry of drama, that offers us insight into the human condition, what is really important in life, and also the inanity that life can often assume.  Grisham is a national treasure. Bill Douglas...
0679879269|5.0|Pullman definitely surpasses his previous two books with this masterpiece. It is a beautiful conclusion to his action-packed and emotional The Golden Compass and the Subtle Knife, but somehow is better. It not only succeeds in that it awes and amazes the reader- it is so much more surreal. Before this trilogy, my favorite fantasy book(s) was Tolkiens classic Lord of The Rings. This trilogy definitely surpasses Tolkiens in scope, not just in grandeur, but in being both powerful and subtle. The way the ending sneaked up on me left me stunned. Normally when i finish a book (particularly a trilogy), I think about it for a while afterwards... this book left a deep impression on my mind with the images near the end. I would definitely ask Pullman to follow up on this because the ending was so heart-rending.
006092988X|1.0|I hate this book and wish I was not forced to read it. I fell asleep a good 15-20 times trying to get through this horrible novel. If you have to read it, I feel sorry for you. This is the kind of book that makes you want to go play in traffic. At least that Johnny dude dies. I wish they all would have. DO NOT READ THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU HAVE TO, AND IF YOU HAVE TO, CONSIDER TAKING THE F!
0380804557|5.0|Fairy tales have been told for years, but few have come along that touch me. Stardust is the one for me. It touched that little 5 year old in me again. People compare Neil to Mr. Baum, the Grimm Brothers, and others, but I feel that it is all in his own unique voice. Especailly making singer Tori Amos into the copper beech tree. That was only the genius of Neil Gaiman.
006092988X|1.0|I hate this book and wish I was not forced to read it. I fell asleep a good 15-20 times trying to get through this horrible novel. If you have to read it, I feel sorry for you. This is the kind of book that makes you want to go play in traffic. At least that Johnny dude dies. I wish they all would have. DO NOT READ THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU HAVE TO, AND IF YOU HAVE TO, CONSIDER TAKING THE F!
B00004XQP4|1.0|After 4 really great punk records and one alternative record, Warning truly is exactly that.  This is an album that warns everyone of the creative stand-still Green Day is in at the moment.  It seems they have forgotten where they have came from and decided to go after a much older crowd.  This mellow record consisting of far-from-witty lyrics and no song writing ability can only cause someone to vomit and pass out.  At least that is what happened to me.
B00004TH6O|2.0|The best song on this album is &quot;Better Living Through Chemistry&quot; because it's the only thing that smacks of a new direction for the Queens while maintaining their originality and more importantly, their heavy sound.  Other than that, it's really hard to figure out why these guys are picked to lead the parade of real modern hard (some call it &quot;stoner') rock when there are MUCH better and more powerful bands out there (High on Fire and Electric Wizard come to mind) that write more memorable riffs than these guys do.  Sorry, but this stuff doesn't even come CLOSE to any Kyuss album I've heard.  It just sounds like second-rate Mudhoney/Green River re-hashes.  Not exactly what I would pick to define a genre.  Of course, with Interscope, Rolling Stone and Spin overdriving the hype machine for QOTSA, who can stop them?
B00003XB8K|4.0|Enigma's latest CD, The Screen Behind the Mirror, is an almost complete turnaround from ear;oer albums, such as &quot;MCMXC a.D.&quot; and &quot;The Cross of Changes.&quot;  Though each new CD, Cretu has added more and more vocals to the magical compilations he weaves.  While &quot;The Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; is a far different style from the earlier chants and lyrical words in different languages, the beautfy of voice now enhances further the flood of music so intricately designed to grab ahold of your emotions.  The theme of the album is also enriched with a rather creative transition Cretu imploys: each track &quot;reflects&quot; (the mirror!) a previous song, either in rythm or in lyric.  Despite the obvious and wonderful evolution the music of Enigma is undertaking, it can be a dissapointment for the original Enigma-fans when they first hear this CD; instead of instrumentals and pieces with chants, the focus has come away from the instrumentation and towards the vocal registers Cretu has hired.  &quot;The Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; is a wonderful addition to any Enigma-fan's collection, but because it doesn't seem to follow the originality of Enigma's earlier works, I give it four stars.
B00003CXDG|5.0|When I saw the first MI with Tom Cruise some years ago, I left the theatre disappointed. So my expectations for MI-2 weren't that high, but I was positively surprised by what I saw. Of course, let's be honest and let's forget about the story line ... we all know this movie is definitely not Oscar material. MI-2 is simply a hot action movie with excellent stunts, great cinematography, a powerful soundtrack and the movie comes across as a high-budget John Woo action picture. Sure, it appears that they heavily borrowed from all kinds of other action movies, but the compilation resulted in a fun and nerve-racking action adventure and experience. I liked it better than the last couple of James Bond movies. For action fans and for those who like a thrill ride with great stunts, it's definitely worth watching.
B00003CXDG|3.0|This movie was just action. The plot was weak.  The acting was fair..The only reason I am giving this movie 3 stars is because the girl tom cruise was messin with was Fine!  This movie was a more like a James bond Flick. Worth renting not buying.
0525945636|5.0|Loved this book, it kept me up till 1 am, I HAD to finnish it. The book is suspenseful, and probable. I could not guess who the villans were, and that always impresses me and makes the reading more fun. The female characters are great. I did have to snicker at the sex scenes, I just couldn't picture a woman saying those things, especially about an outfit she had sewn herself, but I suppose it is the fantasy of the male author. Don't wait for the movie, movies are rarely as good as the book.
B00003CXFG|4.0|This was a very interesting movie and unlike many movie titles out these days it was original.  I do not want to ruin the outcome, but I am pretty sure you will be satisfied with the storyline and the outcome.  The beginning of the movie was kind of cheesy but that quickly faded as the movie progressed.  I can't say that much about it, because I feel that you will get the full effect if you see it for yourself.  I am definetely considering purchasing this title on DVD.
B00004XONN|5.0|First of why are people comparing this to Ok computer?Since like a year before this came out they already said that it was different with hardly any guitars and familiar song structures exactly the opposite of ok computer.any way this is a great record. Every song is great and unique in it's own way.If you want a great record that many years from now people will be calling one of the greatest of all time get this if not well then suit yourself.
6305627401|4.0|If you like South Park the series then this movie will be no different.  You will be laughing even if you don't get all the subtle jokes.  If you havent already purchased this DVD then you should definetely get it.  Eventhough it was real funny, there are still 2 or 3 regular episodes that are actually funnier than the movie.  And also the DVD doesnt have any special features, and thats the main reason I can't give it higher than 4 stars.
6304602944|4.0|The plot:Ray Tango(Sylvester Stallone) and Gabe Cash(Kurt Russell) are two of the best cops in L.A. but they have there flaws, they think, each are the best. All things change into, when a criminal mastermind(Jack Palance) has framed them for murder. Both cop are sent to prison, since they escape, a couple of days later. Now the cops and criminals are after Tango and Cash. These two guys are just trying to clear thier name. <br />DVD`s has non anomorphic widescreen edition(2.35:1) and Pan&amp;Scan is also alivable. Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround is fine with a limited .1 bass woofer. A fine DVD`s worth buying for die-hard action fans. Grade:A-. Panavision.
0780631684|3.0|This was a pretty good movie, but definetely not the best.  The action scenes and story line was excellent but near the end of the movie some of the same thing started happening again.  Also I think it was kind of rushed towards the end of the movie, the makers didn't spend enough time developing certain characters and charater relationships and that kind of left me hanging in a way.  However it was still pretty good, eventhough I probally will not get it on DVD.
B00003Q43A|1.0|This DVD has 2 discs. But Disc2 can not be played my DVD player which is a SONY DVP-S560D. Soon after disc2 is inserted, power of the DVD player becomes off every time. So, I tried one more disc2 again and again but I have the same result. After all, I have not ever seen the contents of disc2. Therefore, I can not recommend this DVD because of this disc2 malfunction. Only disc1 is available even if this DVD has 2discs.
B00004T37H|5.0|I must say I was worried about this movie.  I had seen Miyazaki's other movies (Porco Rosso, Nausicaa, My Neighbor Totoro) and decided that those couldn't be beaten.  Then I saw this.  It IS amazing.  One of few anime movies with real deep, developed characters and story.  I think Miyazaki outdid himself with this one.  The ONLY anime movie that beats this is Totoro (if you haven't seen Totoro buy it! Trust me). Even Porco Rosso or Akira didn't compare.  This is destined to be the most known anime movie ever, and certainly one of the best.
0767903854|4.0|As a lover of travel and travel books and a fan of Bill Bryson's writing style, I thoroughly enjoyed this book, except for one irritating omission. Like most Americans, I am not that familiar with the geography of Australia and kept wondering exactly where Adelaide or Perth are located in relation to other Australian cities.  The small sectional maps presented at the front of the book are poorly drawn and inadequate for one who wants to see an overall view of Australia and how the locations Bryson writes about relate geographically to each other.  Even though one of the four small maps endeavors to show the entire country, it seems to be skewed and out of scale. In Paul Theroux's similar travelogue THE KINGDOM BY THE SEA, the publishers thoughtfully included an overall map of Great Britain to scale so the reader could follow Theroux's travels in toto.  This book would have been greatly enhanced by a similar treatment of the Australian continent.
B00004U2HK|5.0|The Sound of Music is the best movie musical. The music is very happy and grand. I could watch this movie over and over again without getting tired of it. I am probably one of the few people that knows every word including the non-music.<br />One of the best songs in this movie, is &quot;Maria&quot;!!!!! &quot;I'd like to say a word in her behalf, Maria makes me LAUGH!!!&quot;
B000002U6E|5.0|The beauty of the this album, or any music by Enigma for that matter, is far beyond words. Despite being slapped with a newage label to their name, Enigma really is nothing close to being airy fairy music and is generally darker than you typical newage music. Soulfull, engergetic, hypnotic, mesmerizing, intense, unique and sensual are all words that immediately come to mind with listening to this cd.<br />&quot;Return to Innocence&quot; was definately the song that propelled this cd high on the charts back in 1994 and is still as fresh and beautiful as the first time I heard it! Despite the claim that a reviewer made of the track containing unauthorized samples, that is false! The vocals sampled in the song were in fact never copywrited to begin with and Enigma obtained full permission to use them. Ironically, the controversy over this claim in fact heighted interest in the song and sales of the album even more!<br />The magnetism of Enigma is far to strong to ever detour people away from it. Not even the harshest critics of this artist have ever been able to explain the continious album sales and steady cult following Enigma has earned or why over a hundred other bands (and radpidly counting) are still attempting to immitate this musical phenomenon without near matched success.<br />An Enigma indeed!
B00003CXCS|5.0|I saw the Sound of Music when I was 5 and yet I still love it. It remains one of the most extroidinary movies I have ever seen. And with all the DVD features you'll never grow tired of it.<br />The sound of Music grows from a great story to a nun who is hired to take care of 7 children: 5 girls, 2 boys. And the experinces they have toogether are great, but a way is taking place. The sound of Music will be remembered for ever and not having this one is like not having the bowl for ice cream!!!!!!!!!
B00004XONN|1.0|What a joke of a record - this isnt a record at all and the funny thing is, its getting the God-like treatment!  For what? The majority of this record is muddled noise that Thom and the band should have left in the studio rehersals and not on a LP!<br />I find it funny that improv noises that Kid A is full of - people are so gung-ho for. Why I ask... why? The answer is simply because we're supposed to think that. This album has been treated like the best thing ever- it is soooooo far from that! I'm am a retired music critic from the Bay area and believe me when I say this, what Kid A offers is an experiment - nothing more! I've heard a ton of experimental records in my career, but this one has no valid statements, no ideas, no potential at all. A complete waste and a very disappointing LP. This however is a CD im sure they needed to get out of their system, hopefully it'll be back to more fertile ground next season.
B00000K19E|2.0|The Matrix starts off faast and gradually gets slower and slower to the point when you say, what the heck is going on. Sure the story is um...intersting but overall I was just disapointed in the end. Felling that I wanted more. The special features kept me busy, but unless your buying this for the special features look somewhere else.
B00003CXE7|5.0|By far the best movie of the century so far.  It is not the all gore-blood-chopping that most people think it is.  Perfect performances and acting give this movie a 10!  If you liked Gibson in the Patriot you will LOVE Crowe in Gladiator!
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|Im not lying Scary Movie is funny, its one of the funniest that I have seen, but watching all the nudity jokes and naked men, it just makes me sick. Scary Movie does have its funny moments ripping off Blair Witch, Sixth Sense and Scream. BUt some of the funny scenes are just plain stupid. So it does have its shares of laughs, and the Special Features dont look to bad either. With a couple of interesting things. (I have not seen the Spe.Fea. yet) So if your looking for laughs look no further, just dont let your parents see it if you want to keep in in your house!
B00004XMVH|1.0|Without doubt one of most rediculous and insulting films set in a historical backround I have ever seen. The fact that the script takes such HUGE liberties with real historical events the story line falls flat far too quickly. The amount of scrapes the crew get out of is just completely unbelievable. Whoever wrote the script was certainly digging in the bottom of the barrel for the next fantastic situation that the crew manages to get through, either by sheer luck or superhuman/superintelligent effort. Think about it, the US crew, whittled down to a third of it's original size successfully manage to control a foreign submarine and do a better job than it's own crew members did. Rubbish.  The acting, will not bad, betrays a sort of 'oh my god why am I doing this movie' type feeling. Everybody looks like their kind of cringing and certain aspects of the film are completely wasted in a movie as bad as this, like the model work, which was quite a good attempt to depict a type VII C U-boat. <br /> Now, movies, especially historical flicks ofen take liberties with truth or facts and generally these can be quite inconsequential, although annoying, like say &quot;Memphis Belle&quot; and the P51d's escorting the bombers in 1943 (when in actual fact they weren't around 'til 1944), but this does not significantly alter history and it certainly does not steal another countries soldiers brave efforts. But U-571 is incredibly insulting, not only to the British soldiers who took the enigma machine in the first place, but also to US servicemen, whos own heroic efforts are downplayed as a result of such mis-handling of true events. You've probably read which innacuracies are involved, elsewhere in these reviews, so I won't rehash them again. <br /> That gripe being aside, my main gripe is that all the ingredients were there for a truely gripping film. Forget the story (that can be re-written). But with the same model work, camera work, most of the cast, etc a different film entirelycould have been made, perhaps based on the true American capture of their enigma in '44 or with British actors, the true account of the capture of the first enigma machine in the Atlantic. Or forget that, why not just make a film about the German crew trying to evade capture or death in their U-boat?  <br /> A completely wasted effort and a terrible shame on all involved in this production.
6305949980|5.0|When i was six I got this film and loved it, and guess what, yep thats right I still love it and now thats it is on DVD, yep you guessed it I love it even more. And with all the special features in this DVD you just cant miss it. <br />The Nightmare Before Christmas is about a skeleton named Jack who lives in a Halloween world and stumbles upon a Christmas world. There he realizes he joy of Christ mas and tries to bring it make to the Halloween world. This Film has its share of laughs and so much more. Dont miss this one.
B00004W221|5.0|Besides this being one of my three favorite films of all time, I use this film when I teach classes on setting and achieving goals.  It identifies defining one's goal, setting the plan into action, and overcoming obstacles. It puts goal-setting into &quot;real-life&quot; perspective...in a way that anyone can identify with.  A real must-have for your educational film library!
B000002UYZ|4.0|My only complaint is that this collection is on 2 CD's when it could've been on just one (EMI claimed they wanted to keep in the &quot;tradition&quot; with the original LP release).  If it were up to me, I would've included more songs from the earlier albums like &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;, &quot;She's a Woman&quot;, &quot;Don't Bother Me&quot;, and &quot;Rain&quot;.<br />Aside from that, this includes a few pictures not included in the original in the CD booklet, making it more attractive.  The sound quality is excellent, too!  It begins with their 1st single &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, has the essentials like &quot;Yesterday&quot; (the most covered Beatles tune in history), &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;She Loves You&quot;, &quot;I Wanna Hold Your Hand&quot; (their 1st single in America), &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; (the beginning of their experimental phase), &quot;Help!&quot; (which was literally John's plea for help), and &quot;In My Life&quot;.  They feature the 1st ever &quot;intentional&quot; feedback on &quot;I Feel Fine&quot; and John once called the &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot; &quot;1st heavy metal song&quot; (Come on, John! It's a rocker but not the Yardbirds!).  &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; is a song John wrote about himself, but really it's about all of us!  Unfortunately, George doesn't get any songs of his on here but did a great job with the sitar on &quot;Norweign Wood&quot;.<br />If you like the music of the Beatles but don't have any of their albums, this and 1967-70 (the &quot;Blue&quot; album) are the best place to start!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is by far the best Radiohead CD I've heard and I am a fan!Ok Computer is like the soundtrack to everything--cross country car trips, books (especially The Phantom Tollbooth), and any number of weird internationa movies. Every single track is great and the whole CD has a definite mood. It is different from The Bends album but fans will see a progression from one to the other. I highly recommend it.
B000002UZ1|5.0|This collection has a more generous selection than the &quot;red&quot; album.  The CD booklet has a few extra photos not found in the LP which make this more attractive than the original vinyl.<br />This CD starts with &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; which musically (and visually) portrayed a new era for the Beatles.  The essentials include &quot;Hey Jude&quot; (the 1st LONG single in history), &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; (the best &quot;weird&quot; song ever!), &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; (an anthem for the summer of love), George's &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; (featuring Eric Clapton on guitar), John's politically incorrect &quot;Revolution&quot;, &quot;Get Back&quot;, and what Frank Sinatra called &quot;the greatest Lennon/McCartney song ever&quot; &quot;Something&quot; (we all know Ol' Blue Eyes blundered!).  George also is featured on &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; and Ringo proves he too can write with &quot;Octopus' Garden&quot;.  John is at his most surrealistic on &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot; and &quot;A Day In the Life&quot; (with some help from Paul on the middle 8th and the anticlimactic orchestra buildup courtesy of producer George Martin).  Paul writes some of his best lyrics on &quot;The Fool on the Hill&quot;.<br />As I said in my &quot;Red&quot; album review, if you like the music of the Beatles, this and 1962-66 (the &quot;Red&quot; album) are the best place to start!
B00001NFCY|1.0|This is the worst .... I've ever listened to.  The music is unoriginal, and the lyrics are a bunch of sown cliches. Do these guys have something special that I don't see? Not even close to the bands of the grunge movement. Repugnant as the other Korn, Match, and Bizkit heads. Totally uninspired. Check out the album cover . . .whew!
B000002IGV|5.0|what metal/hard rock collection is complete without this classic in it? twisted sister was a fun-loving metal band of the 1980's along with quiet riot. they both knew how to take their metal seriously while still managing to have fun. if you don't have this in your collection, there's something wrong with you.
B00004Z1GH|1.0|Well I saw this movie and it's just horrible. What the heck is supposed to be going on in this movie. There is a whole lot of bizarre stuff, and it all amounts to a whole ton of stupidity. <br />The whole idea about this movie is that everything is in the &quot;video game world.&quot; Well this video game world is so freaking dumb, it makes absolutely no sense and it all adds up to an annoying, frustrating film.
0679879269|5.0|A great book.  I have read many books in the same genre, and this in my opinion book is the best written of any I have read.  This book is similar in writing style to other books such as Through The Ice, (Plot twists, interesting characters, descriptive language, and an amazing world.  And it caps off a extraordinary series and the worse part of this book is that it ends.       The Amber Spyglass is full of intersting new characters as well as the old characters such as Lyra, Will, Pantalaimon, and Iorek.that have made the trilogy so amazing.  The characters change and grow in a seamless fashion, and interact as well as any other book's characters.       Truthfully how can one read a book as well written as this and not agree it is a extrodinary book, you must not be a fan of the genre.
0380730405|5.0|What's most excellent is that Rebecca, who's dead, is protrayed differently by the people who knew her.  Yet the contrasting protraits is VERY rather fascinating because you wonder,&quot; Who is the REAL Rebecca?&quot;; because, each protrait is biased and less than accurate.<br />The author's style reminds me of Margaret Mitchell's: excellent and good balance of characters, narrative, setting, description, plot, ...etc (yet both of them stand alone in their successes).  The plot had such great twists, especially spooky ones, that I must admit, I stayed up quite late when I should have lett early for the SATs the next day.  But I HAD to read it!  The very slight love scenes were nicely done: less was certainly more, yet it still gave me warm chills.
0881030775|5.0|Imagine living in a world in which it is always winter, but never Christmas because of an ancient spell. Your country is being ruled by a witch, who calls herself a queen, that put the spell on the land. Plus, having an untame lion as the Ruler of All Lands. This land, called Narnia, is the world in which the four Pevensies; Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy, find themselves after walking through an old wardrobe.   As they befriend the many animals of the forest, they learn all about the evil witch and Asland, the Ruler of All Lands. After learning that the two will be meeting, the four children go off on a daring and magical adventure to meet Asland and to track down the White Witch.   The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe was as hard to put down as Harry Potter! Of all the books in the Chronicles of Narnia series, this one is the best. The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe has a great plot and C. S. Lewis tells it wonderfully.
B00004VWAF|5.0|Szwed made my day with the last sentence of his review.  Indeed, the musical and other prejudices of past eras are fading into dust.  <br />This album was important.  It plays like an intense, in-your-face declaration of black pride.  European musical forms and instruments play only a secondary role; rhythm, pulse, and form rule the day.<br />When listening to &quot;The Bomb Squad&quot;'s early hip-hop masterpieces (particularly Public Enemy's second and third albums) I had no doubt that they listened to this music and were influenced by it.  And this sound has really taken hold during the past 10 years.  Nowadays even the lightest pop music is prone to bits of abstract abrasion or buzzing for effect during the chorus or elsewhere.<br />It's a great concept for an album, and a great album.
0553213105|1.0|Imagine being in a world where every girl's main concern is getting married to a handsome, rich man.  That's the main point of all the character's in Pride &amp; Prejudice.  Pride &amp; Prejudice is about the Bennet's 5 daughters who need to be married off.  Unfortunately all of the Bennet women are poor judges of how to act towards men and how the men feel about them. (Both cause many problems in the book.)  One person understands, Mr.Bennet, but he seems to kind of humor them and leaves the job of matchmaking to his wife to deal with that.  Mr. Bennet did seem to pass on some of his knowledge to the so-called heroine of the book, Elizabeth, a character who seems to be the light at the end of the tunnel for Mr. Bennet.  Sadly, at times her wisdom fades and she shows her true colors as a Bennet woman.  The main reason that all of the girls (with the exception of Elizabeth) are so silly (as it was put in the book is mostly due to they're mother, Mrs.Bennet.  I assure you that Mrs.Bennet will irritate you.  Even though she always tries to do the right motherly things or what she things is best for her daugters she causes many problems you may not realize until you finish the book.  You can see her ingorance in her first statements which she bases on the fact,&quot;That a single man in possien of good fortune must be in need of a wife.&quot;  All in all, I really find the book and the statement above shallow.  All though I understand that British society at that time diplayed courting as the top of the list for females, but this book makes women appear as empty-headed, man-hungry, child-like people that bow down to man's and society's every wish.  I have found that a lot of British and other classics diplay courting as a high priority, but in other books, like The Inheritance and Little Women there was more on thier mind than finding a husband. I also find this book unrealistic for many reasons, mostly because the complete personality of the charcters change in the blink of an eye.  I really feel that this book is not pleasurable to read, though it may benefit you to read it so that you can learn to find the good and bad pionts of a book and compare it to other literature like it or during that time.
B00004RFFW|4.0|A lot of sequels are shameless retreads of earlier material with nothing new to explore or for the audience to experience.  Then there are some sequels which are worthy of the original, and there are even few sequels which outshine the original.  Lethal Weapon 2 is one of those.  This first sequel in the &quot;Lethal&quot; series is from beginning to end a roller coaster ride of action, comedy, suspense and drama.  It is more &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; than the first film was.<br />The story picks up a few years after the first film as Mel Gibson and Danny Glover return as cops Riggs and Murtaugh. They are on the brink of busting a huge drug smuggling ring and are reassigned to protect a government informant named Leo Getz played by Joe Pesci who should have been considered for an Oscar in this performance.  <br />The introduction of the Getz character is the film's stroke of genius.  In the first film Riggs and Murtaugh complained and bickered with each other.  Now 2 years later the audience knows they are close friends, so bickering would seem unrealistic and a retread of the first film.  They now have Getz to complain about and insult which gives the film many comic scenes.  This action/adventure is as funny as a straight out comedy.<br />While the action is more abundant this time it does not replace story or character development like in most sequels.  This film pays great respect to the events in the first film by continuing the Riggs/Murtaugh friendship storyline and having them bond even more than before.<br />Lethal Weapon 2 is everything what a great sequel should be.
1565112601|5.0|As many people have pointed out, SPIN selling is the de facto standard in high value sales.  The big problem with so much training is that you go, you try, and within three weeks you forget most of what you were taught and get back into the old ways.  By listening to this cassette in the car every three months or so, I keep myself fresh.
B00000BKE1|3.0|This is Maiden's second album without Adrian, and their struggle continues.  Although a lot better than &quot;No Prayer for the Dying&quot;, the cracks in Iron Maiden's armor are showing.  There are some great songs on here like &quot;Be Quick or Be Dead&quot; &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot; and &quot;Afraid to Shoot Strangers&quot; but there is a lot of filler here like &quot;Fear is the Key&quot; and &quot;The Apparation&quot;.  Although this album was a disaster in the states, and an overall poor effort, this was nothing compared to they next two studio outputs.
B000001EUL|5.0|In 1979, after almost 15 years of hard work and establishing themselves in Japan and Europe, the Scorpions finally made a dent in America with their masterpiece entitled Lovedrive.  This half-hour of music, with the Schenker Brothers (Michael and Rulolph) and Matthais Jabs on guitar, shows you the many great sides of the Scorpions.  From the hard rocking &quot;Lovedrive&quot; and &quot;Another Piece of Meat&quot; to the great Instrumental &quot;Coast to Coast&quot; to the Arabian sounding &quot;Is There Anybody There?&quot; to the closing acoustic ballad &quot;Holiday&quot;, the Scorpions show off all of their talents.  Twenty One years later, this album still pulls its weight.  Although it looks a little skimpy at just over 30 minutes, this was a time when a band put an album out every year, not once every 2 or 3 years.  Aside from the great music from start to finish, the influence this album has had on bands is irreplacable
0800105141|5.0|After Gandhi was assassinated, the writer of his obituary in one of the major American newsmagazines lamented the distortions that were sure to follow. &quot;The prettifiers&quot;, as he called them, would efface all the complexity out of Gandhi's life, and turn him into a plaster lawn saint. This film, the fruition of Richard Attenborough's decades-long ambition, is indeed a hagiography, but the Gandhi that emerges is certainly no plaster saint. Ben Kingsley's character develops from outraged citizen of the Empire to non-violent independence activist to the supra-national spiritual sage we think we know and revere.<br />As in any historical or biographical epic, events are telescoped, implied, or omitted. The closest to dishonesty the film comes is the scene where Gandhi considerately declines to launch protests against the British during the Second World War. In reality, the &quot;Quit India&quot; campaign was launched in 1942, resulting in the immediate arrest of almost the entire Congress leadership.  Otherwise, the events are deftly and fairly-enough portrayed.  The rift between Nehru and Sardar Patel is implied with an impatient nod. Gandhi's growing political skill is noted by a _sotto voce_ compliment. And so forth.<br />The big scenes are very big indeed. The Amritsar massacre is the most chilling such movie scene I've ever witnessed. The first riot scene, between the two columns of pathetic refugees, is all the more wrenching because the viewer cannot tell which are Hindu and which are Muslim--a cinematic comment on religious violence.<br />Everything about the production of the film is great. The lighting is warm and golden outside, with rich earthtones inside. The editing is especially dramatic: the din of the Amritsar massacre cuts abruptly to the grim silence of General Dyer's courtmartial; the peaceful evening sounds of Kasturbai's deathbed are shattered by the engines of Mountbatten's arriving plane. The costumes and ambience for each era are letter-perfect and absorbing, respectively.<br />Forgive the cliche, but _Gandhi_ is a triumph of the film-maker's art, as Attenborough displays all his chops in paying this loving tribute to the Mahatma. A master's masterpiece, if there ever was one.-perfect and absorbing, respectively. <br />Forgive the cliche, but _Gandhi_ is a triumph of the film-maker's art, as Attenborough displays all his chops in paying this loving tribute to the Mahatma. A master's masterpiece, if there ever was one.
B000002H33|5.0|This is hands down Metallica's finest album.  This album is great musically, lyrically, and it has put so much influence on future bands.  The opening acoustic guitar on \\"Battery\\" followed by the heavy pounding drums and the crunching guitars really set the tone for the album.  The slow middle part of \\"Master of Puppets\\" is so beautiful.  This album is also home of one of the finest metal instrumentals of all time in the form of \\"Orion\\".  Some of Metallica's heaviest riffs ever are on here in \\"The Thing that Should Not Be\\".  I really can't say enough great things about this masterpiece.  If you do not own this record yet, you need by click on ORDER and get it NOW!
B00004XMVH|4.0|The concept of masquerading as a German U-boat to ambush a stricken one is a good one, you'd think a German flag might work better than a tiny decal on the conning tower?<br />I have to disagree with most people about the submarine actions--does every submarine movie have to have:<br />1. Scene where sub goes to crush depth and survives 2. Crewman (or crewmen) who sacrifices self/selves to repair/save sub 3. Depth charge scene 4. Dive scene where someone is left on top<br />The best thing about the movie is how Lt. Tyler is not recommended for sub command by Bill Paxton's character, his bitterness and lack of understanding of it. Paxton explains why later he is not ready, that he lacks the strength to make the tough decisions in the seconds they require. Later on in the film, Tyler is pressed into command and his lack of command readiness almost kills everyone, but he learns so Paxton's CO was right. It would have been highly interesting if the film had Tyler hesitate and the sub get sunk, killing everyone right then and there..it would have made everyone in the audience think.....then rewind and have him make the split decision and they make it barely. Its too bad the movie chose to be more of an action movie and less of a leadership movie.<br />The next best scenes are when Keitel physically gets the other enlistedmen in line and then later chews out the flaky Tyler and tells him to take command or else. This is true to life in that the whip is often cracked by senior enlistedmen to deliver a subservient unit to officers who are spared the dirty details, but in the long run the military is not best served by keeping officers out of touch with reality. In a sub, officers are right in there with the men and stay close to reality, in other places, situations the disconnect between policy/reality widens and yet we wonder why our military is not all that it can be?
B000001EXR|5.0|This album rocks from beginning to end.  Bruce Kulick did a great job on this album having co-written 9 of the songs and writing almost all of JUNGLE.  Old fans who think the only version of KISS that should have ever existed do not like this album.  However, post-makeup fans will like it.  This was the next step following the release of REVENGE.  There are many great songs on this CD with JUNGLE and MASTER &amp; SLAVE being two of them.  It is a shame that KISS got Peter and Ace back in the band just to make money because REVENGE and COS show just how great this version of KISS could have been.
6303140157|5.0|This is a wonderful movie filled with great singing, and many, many laughs.  Lauryn Hill and Ryan Toby are wonderful singers and light this movie up.  Whoopi Goldberg as always, is a scream.  A definate must see.
B00000IPAX|5.0|do u like blink 182? if u do then this is like the best cd ever. i hear that dude ranch is really good and i'm gonna check that out too. but right now this is my favorite cd in the world and i'm sure a lot of other people will agree. tom, mark, and travis are the bomb. and they really get you hyped with a fast paced alum. i love it, and while you may not agree, i've got a lot of other blink 182 fans to back me up. if u aren't sure whether to buy it because you think that the songs on tv aren't so good. you are way wrong. i prefer most of the other songs on the cd to those which are popular. the only way to find out is to check it out. in my opinion, 5 stars is what it is, and is what you're going to get.
0140189378|5.0|Bellow's books are a little more fun than this one...however, few are as powerful.  As I read this I realized that I know quite a few people similar to Tommy Wilhelm; unfortunately, some of them are a little too close to me.  A brilliant book because it makes you think (when most books being written now don't) and a painful book because of its ordinariness.  There aren't any spies, guns, bombs, or assassinated presidents in this book; anyone looking for a quick read should probably look elsewhere.  What you will find in Bellow is truth: truth written beautifully.  The prefacing essay is pretty interesting too (it discusses how Bellow is just as influential as Hemingway).  A definite recommendation for any reading list.
B00004XOWM|2.0|more of the same .... Im a fan of their last cd, signifigantother, but this one just didnt entertain me.  the ...  of the mission impossible theme and the cheap shots at trent reznor were bad enough, but the music was not anything special. save some cash, if you have to hear it, find some mp3s.
0446605409|4.0|About half way through the book, you really know who committed the crime -- but you are really suprised by the villians actions.  <br />Mr. Demille does a wonderful job of making the characters very real and engaging -- so it is very difficult to put the book down.  I even must admit that on a couple of occasions I laughed out loud (rather uncommon for a mystery novel...)<br />I have enjoyed other works by the author.  This one is better than Charm School but maybe not as good as the General's Daughter for story line.
B000001EC1|4.0|I felt like I went back in time by listening to this album. Bon Jovi is plain old rock and sometimes you need that. You won't be disappointed if you pick this CD up.
0425170349|3.0|As an old fan of Clancy's I was eager to read his latest. I found however that the book, while riviting and absorbing in places, become long-winded and drawn out, causing me to actually put the book down, and come back to it about 2 months later. What really got me is how easily the whole plan to spread the virus was foiled. One would expect some dramatics; guns firing, the canaster being dropped and nearly being broken or anything along those lines, but no....it was more like,<br />Ding : &quot;Hey you with the Virus canaster, hand it over.&quot;   ;   Bad Guy : &quot;Um...ok...here.&quot;<br />I mean the story was like a train hitting a mountain and stopping dead. <br />I wouldn't recommend this book, save your money. You'll read it and realise that the last 400 or so boring pages could be summed up into about 50.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica has done it again. Only they could pull off an album combining a world famous symphony and metal/hard rock. Every Metallica fan should own this one! I was very nervous about buying this CD and to be honest thought that Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra sounded lame, BOY, was I wrong. I haven't stop listening since I bought this album They orchestra is excellent and they compliment Metallica in all the right places. Enjoy this musical experiment because it works very well and sounds great.
B00000JMOF|4.0|Now that you've watched Gods and Monsters, go back and watch the original classics that spawned the legend of its main character and director. Boris Karloff gives a beautifully tragic performance as the creature created by a mad scientist who is intent on taking over God's position as creator. Countless plot details from Mary Shelley's novel are ignored, but director James Whale's feel for comedy among all the horror is priceless, as is the delightfully crazy production design (mad scientists' labs were forever classified as places with bubbling test tubes and flashing lights because of this film). The sequel, Bride of Frankenstein, is even better.
B000001FKY|4.0|We played this album to death in summer camp. Man, we loved this cd. The music is rock, plain and simple. Give it a sample before you buy it. I gave it 4 stars for sentimental value, really should be 3.5.
0790733226|5.0|One of my favourite ways to spend two and a half hours is to watch this excellent film over and over again. I can't remember any science-fiction film after 2001: A Space Odyssey to be this thought-provoking, and while Contact is not quite as profound a statement as the aforementioned opus, it still has quite a lot to say for itself. Jodie Foster plays an earnest scientist who spends her whole life searching for extra-terrestrial life and finds vindication when a message is received from outer space. Naturally, it throws the world into a huge frenzy, and despite the efforts of kitschy bad guy Tom Skerritt and military operations-head James Woods, she gets to go on a journey to the heart of the universe and see whether or not she can find the answers she's looking for.  Perhaps it's a little hokey, but I found myself totally captivated throughout the whole film, and the adventure Foster goes through in the last third of the picture is one of the most thrilling sequences in the films of 1997 (not the least because Foster, surrounded by all these new worlds she's viewing, can act the scene to pieces, which is amazing considering the fact that we know she really sat in front of a blue-screen for two weeks). Truly moving.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica has done it again. Only they could pull off an album combining a world famous symphony and metal/hard rock. Every Metallica fan should own this one! I was very nervous about buying this CD and to be honest thought that Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra sounded lame, BOY, was I wrong. I haven't stop listening since I bought this album They orchestra is excellent and they compliment Metallica in all the right places. Enjoy this musical experiment because it works very well and sounds great.
0790734850|5.0|Hands-down my favourite American film of the nineties. Curtis Hanson shocked the world by proving to be not only a great director but an auteur with this unbeatable adaptation of James Ellroy's terrifying novel about corruption and crime among members of the LAPD in the 1950s. The hard-boiled detective story angle is brought to life so beautifully, mostly because Jeannine Claudia Oppewall's production design recreates the dark underside of the 50s to such perfection that not even a Coke bottle label is missed. Add to that Dante Spinotti's stunning lighting that rides the fine line between artistic and believable comfortably (as all period camerawork should), Ruth Myers' costume designing and a script by Hanson and The Postman scribe Brian Helgeland (I know, I don't get it either) that pares down Ellroy's mammoth plot about a multiple murder in a local diner involving a policeman with suspicious ties without sacrificing the density of the story or the spiderweb of events involved with it, and you have the best movie of 1997, not to mention the most fascinating detective film ever made since Orson Welles' Touch of Evil. The cast is all brilliant, most notably Kim Basinger as a wordly prostitute who has not only a heart of gold but a mind of steel--Basinger is so strong in her character's every nuance you'll find yourself forgetting she's even acting--and Kevin Spacey as a Dean Martin-esque detective who not only solves an important part of the puzzle, he even discovers he possesses a soul beneath his flashy suits. I just can't get enough of this film.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The grunge/alternative band from Chicago has finally arrived with this album. &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is filled with hit after hit. If you own any Smashing Pumpkins cd, this is the one to get.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I think you shold get limp bizcit because it is on of the best cds in the world thats why you should get limp bizcit.  If you get it the best songs are nookie, break stuff,I'm broke,and n 2 gether now.
B000002HRE|4.0|I am not in the camp that believes that Metallica sold out, but I am not that crazy about some of their new, more mellow music. I enjoyed this album. &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, &quot;The Unforgiven 2&quot;, &quot;Better Than You&quot;, &quot;Carpe Diem Baby&quot;, and &quot;Prince Charming&quot; are songs that I love. The rest of the album is just ok. Not a must have, but worth picking up for the true Metallica fan.
B00004XONN|5.0|my first radiohead album. put yourself in this. this trance is a better place to be. i have never heard any other music with so much emotion and feeling involved.
B000002J03|5.0|Rock Legends land on scene with this album. LZ 2nd album and it is AWESOME! Nuff said, go buy it.
B0000507UD|5.0|This is fully what we've come to expect from Limp Bizkit. Fans won't be disappointed. This album will rock you hard right out of your chair. Trust me; if you love the limp, you'll LOVE Chocolate Starfish!
B000001EHS|3.0|I didn't realize that some of the songs on here were DL. The big hair rock bands of the 80's can be proud of Def Leopard. This album is not for everyone, but you might be surprised with it.
B00004YKUX|5.0|The third album produced by Rick Rubin is another gem in the  Cash collection.  Cash's voice remains strong despite  ill health and he has again chosen great songs to cover as well as some striking new material.    U-2's \\"One\\" is the perfectly suited for Cash's intimate voice and if it doesn't give you goose bumps, you aren't listening close enough.  Other well known covers such as Tom Petty's \\"Won't Back Down\\" and Neil Diamond's \\"Solitary Man\\" are well-chosen, though might have been better if  Cash  had sung them alone.    That's not to say that the guest artists on this album are a hindrance.  Cash's wife, June Carter, and Sheryl Crow provide a beautiful backing duet on \\"Field of Diamonds\\" and it's wonderful to hear another country veteran, Merle Haggard, assist on \\"I'm Leavin' Now.\\"      Cash still remains his best when it's just him and his guitar.  \\"That Lucky Old Sun,\\" \\"Nobody,\\" and \\"I See A Darkness,\\" are prime examples.      Cash appears to be at peace with his own mortality. On \\"Before My Time\\" he sings: And there was some old song that said/I will love you before I die/Before my time. He knows that music will go on long after he leaves, and has no doubts what he contributed in between.     Cash's singing often tells a simple story, but like fine literature, there's a lot between the lines.  Let us hope he continues to spin these wonderful tales-just him and his guitar.
B00000AFWW|1.0|1st you live off the fame of your dead husband then you take credit for lyrics that Billy Corgan helped write! Come on. Someone please pinch me so I will wake up from this nightmare and Hole will go away.
B00004XOWM|5.0|97's 'Three Dollar Bill, Y'All' brought the band's name to light, their re-make of Prince's &quot;Faith&quot; hitting radio stations and television sets everywhere. Though their name was out and people knew they existed, Limp Bizkit wasn't a household name.<br />That changed with the release of their sophomore albumn, 'Significant Other,' and espescially the release of the first single &quot;Nookie,&quot; which became the word of the summer.<br />Now, with the release of thier third albumn, 'Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water,' fans are holding their breaths, waiting to see, or rather hear, if the dynamic band can continue in their greatness. And let me tell you, they boys definitely do not disappoint.<br />'Chocolate Starfish... is an awesome albumn with a lot of awesome tracks. The very popular &quot;Take A Look Around,&quot; found previously on the soundtrack to Mission Impossible 2, can be found on the new albumn (and the guys have recently released the new video for it as well). Their first single, &quot;Rollin',&quot; can be heard on radio stations everywhere, having a rock version and then a hip-hop one to boot.<br />Limp Bizkit has always been a mix of rock and hip-hop, which is not lost on this latest albumn. Some of my favorite tracks include, &quot;My Generations&quot;, &quot;Boiler&quot;, and &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot;, which features known rapper XZIBIT.<br />All in all, this albumn is definitely something you want in your car, your discman, or your cd player.
B000002J09|5.0|Hit after hit, this CD should be required listening for all rock fans. This is absolute genuis. Run out and get it right now if you don't own this album!
B00004XOWM|4.0|I hate Fred Durst, I hate Limp Bizkit. I hate the title of the new Limp Bizkit album.<br />But the album is undeniably great.<br />&quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; is easily the most fun album of the year, a loud, obnoxious ode to excess that will be pumping on stereos across America for a ridiculously long time. Nearly every track has something cool to offer, from the hysterically vulgar lyrics of &quot;Hot Dog&quot;... to Scott Weiland's haunting &quot;Hold On,&quot; to the pure fun of &quot;Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)&quot; to the old school rap flavor of &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; (featuring Xzibit).  This is a record that demands to be listened to at top volume.<br />Does it mean much? No. Is it socially relevant? No. Is it fun? Without a doubt. Give in, defy your instincts, buy the album. You will not be disappointed.
B000000XB9|4.0|If you are a classic rock fan and you don't own this cd, shame on you. John Fogerty was a great songwriter and this is the CCR album that proves it to any type of music fan. Fun and addictive tunes make this a &quot;true&quot; greatest hits album.
B000001F95|5.0|This is not Dire Straits but it is certainly Mark Knopfler. Beautiful music that fills you with emotion, somewhat like the music from the Mission, albeit very Irish. One of my favorites.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I first heard RATM in LA on KROQ and decided to pick up this album. Their music is very loud, raw, distorted, and angry and I liked it for all those reasons. The Battle of LA is not for everyone, but it is still very good music. The passion in RATM music is so in-your-face it will jolt your senses.
1558908374|5.0|If you like Dalmatians, you'll like this movie. It'll make you laugh and cry. Glenn Close was excellent.
B0000024YL|4.0|S+G are brillant and their music is wonderful. I highly recommend this CD. This CD may be 25+ years old, but great music is timeless.
6303477259|5.0|If you are a Pink Floyd fan you are going to love it!  I am convinced that this group was put on the face of this earth to create music like it has never been heard.  They are true artists.  <br />The music is visualized with video clips ongoing throughout the concert.  The lasers, the lights, the videos, and the sound come together like nothing you can imagine.   <br />I could not take my eyes off the screen. Do not think you will be able to do something else while watching...you will be glued to the screen!
B00000AFWW|1.0|1st you live off the fame of your dead husband then you take credit for lyrics that Billy Corgan helped write! Come on. Someone please pinch me so I will wake up from this nightmare and Hole will go away.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I can't even say enough great stuff about this cd...Fred did it again! The songs, the sounds, the messages, just EVERYTHING makes this cd even better than the last. Anyone that tries to top this group has another thing comin! Getcha Groove On with Xzhibit is just off the hook, My Way is SUCH a phat song to listen to, and Rollin'- the Urban Assult Vehicle mix is just the BEST song I've ever heard come from rap stars mixed with people like Fred, Wes, and Lethal. Buy it~ one for the dorm, one for the car, one for every single room you're ever in...AND PLAY IT LOUD!
0679879269|5.0|Pullman follows goes above and beyond THE GOLDEN COMPASS and THE SUBTLE KNIFE with THE AMBER SPYGLASS.  This is a forte of the science fiction/fantasy world.  It is, in fact, one of the best books I have read in my life.      Pullman begins where THE SUBTLE KNIFE left off, and gets into the action right away.  He keeps various plots and sub-plots separate untill the thrilling climax, a tragic ending to a tragic trilogy.    Thilling imagery, spine tingling suspense, and over all genius sets this book apart from the rest.  A must read for all lovers of books and science fiction/fantasy.
B000003CM8|3.0|I first heard this record in about 1982. Until then I had only ever come across 'Ramblin' Man' and maybe 'Jessica'. In other words, I'd never heard Duane Allman play guitar or brother Gregg sing!<br />So I was gobsmacked when I first heard the opening five notes of their (far superior) cover of the Spencer Davis Group's 'Don't Want You No More' and became hysterical when the blazing guitars and swirling organ segued into a slow burning blues tune which I could not to believe was sung by a 21-year-old. Gregg Allman instantly entered my Top 10 singers list.  <br />Other highlights are two more Gregg Allman originals, 'Dreams', a trance-inducing cut featuring a typically world-weary vocal and a gorgeous lead/slide solo from Duane, all floating on a fluffy Hammond B3 cloud, and 'Whipping Post', the gut wrenching powerhouse which closes the album. Again, Gregg does a splendid job on vocals, which even he was never quite able to duplicate live. (You try singing that chorus and see how you go!)<br />Their cover of Muddy Waters' 'Trouble No More' is fine, too, although a much better version is available on At Fillmore East. The Brothers were justly famous for their peerless live playing, and while At Fillmore East and Eat A Peach are certainly their best work, this album is a terrific introduction. As others have pointed out, it's wise to buy Beginnings and get the second album for practically nothing.<br />As far as I'm concerned, the world would have happily survived without the overproduced and uninteresting ABB albums that followed Brothers and Sisters way back in 1972 - can you BELIEVE Brothers of the Road? - but their first few releases are among the best US recordings of the late '60s-early '70s. <br />This debut is not perfect, and will not appeal to those souls who care nothing for guitars, but it will make the hairs stand on the back of many a blues fan's neck.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|This is a great album, but the songs are not the same as the movie. (1) Some important songs are missing, (2) Some of the lyrics have been changed, (3) In the movie some of the other actors sing certain lines, whereas on the CD they do not.
B000000OAL|4.0|If you're looking for a Queen album chock full of hits forget this one. Other than Keep Yourself Alive, most of the tracks are unknown and get little radio play. If on the other hand you're looking for one of the best debut albums from a band look no further. This is Queen at its hardest. From the goosebump creating Liar to the mystical Great King Rat this is a hard rocking mini masterpiece. Back then the boys shared the lead vocals far more than they did later on and it's good to hear Brian and Rodger get their turns at the mike. This is one no fan can be without.
0671034065|4.0|This was so much better than her last two books.  The dialogue and the chemistry between the hero and heroine was perfect!  Buy this book .
B000000OAN|5.0|Ok, Bo Rhap is a classic but that shouldn't be your only reason for getting this album. From the opening chords of Death on Two Legs you know you're in for something special. As that song blends into Lazing On A Sunday Afternoon into I'm In Love with My Car you realize you have just recived a lesson in the varied styles of Queen. This is a fun album full of all that makes Queen Queen. Sit back and enjoy!
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD is awesome, it's the best one yet.  Better than Significate Other and 3 dollar bill.  Fred Durst's lyrics are phat, and every track on the CD's awesome.
B000000OAA|5.0|Queen's first three albums are really the jewels in their crown and Sheer Heart Attack is a crowning achievment. It's here that Queen started to experiment with different styles and techniques.   There's plenty of hard rock like Stone Cold Crazy, but also fun little ditties like Bring Back Leroy Brown. You can tell the band was having fun with their work and we have benefited from it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|The lastest album from Limp Bizkit definitly passes the previous two in its intensity level.  This album blends Fred's vocals in with some great guitar and bass work.  The overall feel of this CD comes across as much more intense and aggressive than Significant Other as Limp Bizkit pushes the envelope. If you are a Limp fan you need this cd! and if you aren't it is probably the easiest to get hooked on.
0811826848|5.0|The Beatles Anthology arrived on our doorstep the day it was released worldwide.  We both have nothing but praise for this long-awaited, fabulous publication. The pictures are incredible; like looking back at photos of your old friends.  The perfect companion to the Anthology video series we bought a year ago.  For those of us who were young teenagers when the Beatles came to this country, this is a trip down our fondest memory lane.  The only thing that could make this book better is if it was personally autographed by the Fab Four!  A job well done; a book to cherish.
B000002UZ6|5.0|What Aretha Franklin is to R&amp;B, and what Billie Holiday is to jazz, Tina Turner is to rock and roll...simply THE distinctive female voice of the genre.  And this generous 18-track compilation offers up the very best of her platinum-selling, Grammy-laden solo career.<br />Over half of Turner's landmark solo debut &quot;Private Dancer&quot; is represented here: first there's the #1 worldwide smash &quot;What's Love Got to Do With It,&quot; and the hit's midtempo marriage of rock and soul is just as thrilling as it was upon release.  The lush title track will always be a smooth winner, and who can forget &quot;Better Be Good to Me,&quot; one of the hardest hitting female rockers in memory?  To hear Tina wail &quot;did you think I'd just accept you in blind faith? Don't shout, baby!&quot; is to guarantee yourself chills.  Two spectacular covers from the album are included as well: Al Green's &quot;Let's Stay Together&quot; and Ann Peebles' &quot;I Can't Stand the Rain.&quot;  It might seem arrogant of Turner to tackle the signature tunes of two R&amp;B legends...until of course you hear her sing them with such joy and affection.<br />Elsewhere you have superb matches of singer and song (the country-tinged &quot;What You Get is What You See,&quot; the pop workout &quot;Typical Male,&quot; the Bonnie Raitt-flavored &quot;Steamy Windows&quot;) as well as some lukewarm compositions that are saved by Turner's unstoppable fire (&quot;Look Me in the Heart&quot; and the &quot;What's Love Got to Do With It&quot; rewrite, &quot;We Don't Need Another Hero&quot;).  Of the three new tracks only &quot;Way of the World&quot; is pedestrian; &quot;I Want You Near Me&quot; adds a delicious dose of funk and &quot;Love Thing&quot; is one of her grittiest rockers to date.<br />The inclusion of &quot;River Deep Mountain High,&quot; recorded for producer Phil Spector in the 60's, is a nice idea, but the &quot;90's Version&quot; (translation: club mix) of &quot;Nutbush City Limits&quot; isjust wrong; the original's wah-wah guitar and itchy rhythm are sorely missed in the face of synthesized kick drums and hi-hats.  Another error is the omission of &quot;Two People,&quot; the silky smooth ballad single from her album &quot;Break Every Rule.&quot;  But considering we're treated to over an hour's worth of fiery, passionate performances from one of rock's true legends, such missteps are easily forgiven.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Although they never really left, Limp is back with the third major release.  Is it a great evolution of Significant Other, carrying many guest stars, DMX, Method Man and more.  Scott Weiland of STP did some production and you can hear it.  IT could rant on and on, but you have to listen to understand...
B00004XOWM|1.0|I got this cd for free today and all I have to say is it's a complete waste of money.  Don't buy it, it's the worst.
B0000060AK|5.0|\\"Ariodante\\" is one of Handel's finest scores (with the possible exception of \\"Giulio Cesare\\").  Of the four recordings available, this is unquestionably the best.  The singing is phenominal, with von Otter rivaling the legendary Dame Janet Baker for masculinity of timbre and vividness of interpretation.  Listen to her daringly slow \\"Scherza infida\\" and you will finally understand the power of Handel's dramatic genius.  Minkowski is nothing less than inspired throughout.  Yes, he pushes his singers and orchestra to their limits, but always to telling effect.  Listening to this recording in one sitting I was in awe of Minkowski's mastery of musical and overall dramatic structure.   Next to this McGegan's celebrated set sounds dull and bland.  (It now sits on my shelf collecting dust!)  I have studied \\"Ariodante\\" for years and have been involved in two staged productions, so I know this score intimately.  Minkowski's rendition is one of the great recordings of this Handel opera, or any other I have heard.  This \\"Ariodante\\" is a classic!
0066620694|5.0|Let's admit it, most of the books crowding business sections of large bookstores are nearly trash. If they serve any purpose at  all, it is mainly to supply upper- and middle management with a lexicon of faddish buzzwords for reports, presentations and conference calls; in a few years nobody will remember most of these buzzwords and bullet points.   &quot;The Innovator's Dilemma&quot; is a rare exception. It does present a new paradigm of how technological innovations actually develop  and win over the previous technologies. Many reviewers pointed out key organizational aspects of the &quot;Innovator's Dilemma&quot; - &quot;how great companies fail by doing everything right&quot;. I will not repeat them. Instead I will concentrate on the important and  overlooked technical side of the issue.<br />One of the key concepts in the studies of the technological progress that emerged over the last decades is the so-called S-curves. They are usually depicted as a cascade of similar shaped curves, ascending in upper-right directions in a system of coordinates describing the performance of each new technology vs. time. According to this concept, as a new technology  emerges, its performance is at first much below than the established one. As it develops, its improvement ran for a while roughly in parallel to the established technology and below it. Then, as the older technology matures, its performance  improvement becomes slower and saturated (the upper end of the S-curve), and eventually is overcome by the new technology. Then the cycle repeats itself with yet another disruption.<br />&quot;The Innovator's Dilemma&quot; in fact proposes a radical revision of this concept. New technology usually wins not because the old one exhausts its potential, but because continued improvement  in the performance of old technology becomes progressively less important and valuable, what the author calls &quot;technology oversupply&quot;. Instead of the S-curves Clayton Cristensen  presents what I'd call a &quot;#-pattern&quot;, although he doesn't use this term. The #-pattern consists of two pairs of parallel lines, both inclined in the upper-right direction, but at  different angles. The steeper pair of lines represents the &quot;technology trajectory&quot;, of which the upper line stands for the established technology, and the lower line - the new,  disruptive one. They run roughly in parallel, so that at all times the performance of the established technology is superior to the new one. The reason why the new technology triumphs  nevertheless can be understood from the second - less steep - pair of lines which represents the market demand at the lower and upper ends. Initially the trajectory of the disruptive  technology establishes a beachhead by meeting low-end market demands (intersecting the lower of the near-horizontal lines of the #-pattern). Then, while both established and disruptive  technologies improve faster than the market demand, the disruptive one is capable of satisfying all segments of the market. At the same time at is typically much better by other  criteria - e.g. cheaper, smaller, more reliable than the old one. Eventually the old technology is driven out completely.<br />The problem for the established technology arises not because the a disruptive technology quickly overcomes it in terms of the existing metrics, but the metrics itself changes. For example, 8-inch disk drives could still pack far more megabytes than 5-inch drives in the early 80's. But the new emerging products - PCs - could not yet absorb all the megabytes allowed by the 8-inch drives. The size and the price was more important for them - that is why the 5-inch drives won.<br />The fact that the established technology continues to hold an edge vs. the disruptive one helps explain why it is so difficult  for dominant companies to perform a successful transition, even as they are often first to discover new technology. They see that their current products arefar from exhausting their potential for improvement, and their customers continue to demand them. They often happy to relinguish the unappealing lower end of the market to the struggling upstarts, which seem  a very long way from being credible challengers. And eventually they lose.<br />I think that this is a very important thesis, and it is  consistently presented and well-explained throughout the book. I was dissapointed to see most of the book reviewers either overlooking it or completely misunderstanding this crucial point. Kudos to C. Christensen for putting forward an  original, innovative and convincing concept.
B00004XONN|5.0|In writing, film, art, whatever, there's an old viewpoint that says if you get a room of people continually debating opposing viewpoints about a single piece of work, you did your job.  Nearly 800 reviews on Amazon that run the gambit from &quot;It sucked.&quot; to &quot;Godallmighty! I'm reborn!&quot; Clearly, the band did something right.<br />As for me, I've been wishing for something like Kid A for so long it was hard for me to believe it was actually made. I've also been wishing for a band that pushes its limits and keeps me on my toes without alienating me or boring me. Basically, I've been wishing for a Beatles for today. Well, I've finally got them in Radiohead, and my own Sgt. Pepper or White Album in Kid A as well. The music on the album is so diverse, and so well put together, I continue to hear new things every time I hear it, and I continue to be surprised and delighted. The album is different from the last three, it's different from everything else out there in the pop music world right now, and it's positively delightful.<br />The band's influences are very apparent on the album.  Aphex Twin and Charles Mingus being the primary influences I've read about in interviews.  The thing is though, this album isn't only a Mingus redub, or an Aphex Twin exploration. It doesn't sit still with its horns, its electronic symphonics, or its modulated vocals. You listen to an Aphex Twin album, and that's what you get: an entire Aphex Twin album. Each song on Kid A has a life of its own, and it's been a long time since I've been able to sit down with an album and feel that I experience something different from track to track.<br />The album will take a few listens through in order for the mind to get its arms around the music, and get past what seems like a random hodge-podge of modulated beats, vocals, strings, and horns, but when you get past the preconceived expectations, you find something really amazing.  When I first heard it, I was totally taken back by the vocals on the first track, but now I love them.  Any music that gets better as you listen to it strikes me as the most interesting kind out there.<br />And any music that gets such a wide response is worth checking out.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I have seen plays on the West End in London that are much like American Beauty. They are technically well done, well lit, dry, and as comfortable as a moral sewer.<br />I didn't like any of the characters in the film. It was not America, it was the New Yorker, intellectuals feasting upon suburban America with MALICE.<br />I didn't find the film funny or moving. It was ugly. It is the most violent film in years. And without a heart, you have just another aborted fetus.<br />If you smell what I am cooking?
B00000IAU3|5.0|This album is wonderful.  Dido is one of the most sincere female vocalists of all time, right up there with Billie Holiday, Cher, Stevie Nicks, and Macy Grey.  Her style and sound greatly differs from these divas, but Dido is definitely spectcular.  She makes the listener feel every word as she sings it -- it's impossible to ignore the emotion in her voice.  This is one of the most compelling and expressive collection of songs I've ever heard.  No Angel comes highly recommended.
B00003CXE6|1.0|*Gladiator*  is the story of Maximus  (awesome name, eh?), Rome's best general and heir to Marcus Aurelius'  throne, and his subsequent downfall thanks to the Emperor's sniveling, scheming son Commodus  (an even more awesome name, based on an actual guy!) . . . AND his subsequent escape from slavery via the gladiator trade.<br />The film attempts, I think, to be a  &quot;throwback&quot;  to all those tunic 'n' toga epics of the 1950's, but with a modern sensibility.  The first question I pose is:  do we really need an update of those terrible films?  Here's my second question:  in a movie purporting to be about the horrors of the Roman sports arenas, why do we see so little of that horror?  The storytellers seem to want to say something about violent entertainment and the corrosive effect it may have on people, but the violence is obliquely presented and the  &quot;people&quot;  the violence is supposedly coarsening are never seen  (except as CGI stand-ins).  Comparisons to  *Saving Private Ryan*  are bogus -- say what you want about the other film, there the gore was made explicit.  Director Ridley Scott, mindful of avoiding an NC-17 rating, chooses to IMPLY violence.  He does this by simply NOT HOLDING THE CAMERA STILL.  The camera whizzes, jerks, suddenly slo-mo's, goes all grainy, occasionally reverts to black and white -- does anything and everything but actually record what we're supposed to be seeing.  During the opening battle scene and the later fight scenes, I felt no sense of  &quot;being there&quot;, or really witnessing anything . . . except the excesses of the latest motion picture industry's camera technologies.  Also, the LSD-inspired  &quot;dream sequences&quot;  were over-the-top, to say the least, and some of the worst-filmed stuff I've seen all year.<br />Finally, the story had zero suspense:  you know what's coming every step of the way, and you know how it will all end -- with Maximus facing the nasty Commodus in the Colosseum.  Considering what an interesting lunatic the REAL Commodus was in history, the screenwriters'  pedestrian effort here puzzles me.  Oh well. . . .
0808541889|5.0|He's a chicken-stealing thief and a cellar-raiding rogue. He's also a loving husband and a caring father. He's even kind to rabbits. Oh, and he's a fox. What more could you want in a leading man?<br />Roald Dahl's &quot;Fantastic Mr. Fox&quot; tells the story of how Mr. Fox and his family fend off an assault by farmers Boggis, Bunce and Bean. Losing his tail to the farmers' bullets, Mr. Fox tries to wait out the farmers' vigil but Boggis, Bunce and Bean have other plans. They try to dig up the Fox family's den with steam shovels, forcing Fox and family ever farther underground. Derided by the townspeople for flattening a whole mountain just to catch a fox, the farmers decide to see who can last longer, them or Mr. Fox.<br />Mr. Fox, on the other hand, comes up with a brilliant way out, better left to be related by Dahl himself. Like any well-written children's story, &quot;Fantastic Mr. Fox&quot; is several notches above the average simplistic picture book but not so long that it can't be read in its entirety as a bedtime story. Since it's not dumbed down for young readers, it remains a favorite of adult readers as well.
B00004YKUX|4.0|After the first time I listened to the new Cash album, American 3: Solitary Man - it occured to me that actually this should be Cash's American 2 album. In its musical atmosphere it fits somewhere between American Recordings and Unchained. The covers range from U2 to Nick Cave, and though are typically Cash. Very modest instrumentation, and intense emotions. After a long wait - a great album. And a really Cash album, too.
B00004YKUX|5.0|When some artists cover a song, you think &quot;how novel&quot;. When Johnny covers a song, he makes you think that you've never heard the song performed correctly before. This seems to be true if he is covering a gospel favorite or a recent top 40 hit -- although of course his tastes are quite selective.<br />American III is no exception. I suspect that I will still be listening to his performance of &quot;one&quot; long after U2's performance has lost its luster (and I am a big fan of U2 as well). Of course, everything else about this album works as well; the collaboration with other artists, the choice of songs, etc.. I'm a bit of a JC diehard, but I can't think of a reason that anyone wouldn't buy this album.
0679879269|5.0|Phillip Pullman has written a brilliant an beautiful epic with His Dark Materials.  Oddly his books are labeled either Science Fiction or Young Adult.  All three books; Golden Compass, Subtle Knife, and Amber Spyglass manage to transcend these genres.  They are very thoughtful and poetic.  It's tragic that they have been overshadowed by Harry Potter.  Maybe someday they'll be given the recognition they deserve.
B00003CXAT|4.0|This is the DVD you bought your Dolby Digital or DTS sound system for.  Though primarily famous for its visual effects, this film has a highly active and creative surround soundtrack that should give your 5.1 speakers the most workout they ever got.  Compared to the old laserdisc's Dolby Prologic sound, the DD 5.1 sound (I haven't heard the DTS version) has much clearer and louder dialogs, much stronger and richer surround effects, and much better integration of dialogs, effects, and music, so they sound more cohesive to, and yet distinctive from, one another.  The sound effects span the entire frequency spectrum, from the deep bass of a triceratops' groaning, the earth-shaking tremble of a T-Rex's footsteps, to the shrill cries of a velociraptor. This is one DVD that really takes advantage of the newer sound formats.<br />The picture quality has nothing to complain about except the flesh tone on John Hammond looks a little too red at times, which was something I didn't see on the laserdisc.  There are only 20 chapter stops on the DVD, compared to 47 on the laserdisc.  The PCFriendly software that comes with the DVD appears to be an updated version, but it still causes frequent crashes to my PC.  Exclusive DVD-ROM features are nothing but web links, wallpapers, screensavers, and such; they are for Windows PCs only, but Mac users won't miss them.<br />The supplements on the DVD are good, but not great.  The '95 documentary &quot;The Making of Jurassic&quot; has been aired on TV countless times, but it does provide a nice recounting of how the visual effects got made.  The &quot;dinosaur encyclopedia&quot; includes only info on the dinosaurs that appear in the film, and some info is not accurate, such as the unproven claim that a dilophosaurus could spew venom.  The &quot;go-motion&quot; film clip of the &quot;kitchen attack&quot; scene done by Phil Tippett is very nice, and I wish more such clips were included.  (Although Tippett's clay model work was later replacedwith computer graphics to his dismay, the clip shows that he contributed much to the scenes' visual style.)  There are camcorder video segments of a Spielberg-Winston pre-production meeting and a location-scouting session; both are noteworthy but superficial.  In a way-too-brief video segment called &quot;Foley Artists&quot;, a few sound artists demonstrate how certain sounds are recorded.  The best supplements, in my opinion, are the storyboard sequences of 5 dinosaur attack scenes, including 2 that were omitted from the film.  Storyboards are an excellent way to show how key shots were constructed and got translated into the finished film.  Other supplements include the usual production stills, cast &amp; crew bios, production notes.  There is no shooting script, no outtakes, no film clips of deleted scenes, no director's commentary.  Perhaps the biggest regret is there is not one word about DTS or Dolby Digital (in fact, the topic is rarely mentioned on any DVD).  It would be nice to mention at least what they do and what their advantages are, especially on a disc where DTS and DD are put to such good use.<br />The Jurassic Park DVD is sold in 3 versions: Widescreen/Dolby Digtal, Pan &amp; Scan/Dolby Digital, and Widescreen/DTS, but no Pan &amp; Scan/DTS. There is also a 2-pack edition that includes The Jurassic Park DVD and The Lost World DVD, and it comes in Widescreen/Dolby Digtal and Pan &amp; Scan/Dolby Digital versions, but no DTS version.  So make sure you order (and receive) the right copy.
1573228214|5.0|I find it hard to think of a book which out-thrills &quot;High Fidelity&quot;.<br />The reason is obvious: Reading the book is like reading a book about yourself. Every guy out there has gone through the dubious pleasure of being dumped. Everyone has gone through the inevitable mental analysis that bombards the head when you get dumped. And thus, when you get to read about another guy who suffered through the same ritual, the knowledge that you are not alone in this world is the fuel with which the book works.<br />The element of identification is enhanced by the fact the book's hero is quite a common guy. Sure, he has an idiosyncrasy or two, but don't we all? And don't we all love music? And don't we all seem to totally fail in understanding the inner workings of women's mind at some crucial points in time? Aren't we all afraid of being alone, and don't we all have dreams we'd just love to fulfill?<br />Out of all people, I think women should be the first to get their hands on a copy of the book. The reason for that is obvious as well: Never did I encounter a book which describes so well what goes on inside a man's mind. Books about men showing off their emotions are rare; and this one is a true gem.<br />Still, the book is not perfect. I don't want to ruin it for anybody, but I the sweeter than sweet ending is somewhat disturbing: I've been dumped so many times, yet I've never managed a comeback. Or is it just me?<br />Anyway, this little quirk should not bother anyone from reading one of the funniest, touching and personal books out there.
B00003CXAT|5.0|Putting you back in that seat with that bucket of popcorn. Having that feeling that a T-Rex is coming to eat you and there isn't anything you can do to stop it, it's all here. I just bought a dolby digital 5.1 system that I had been putting off since I bought my player 1 1/2 years ago. Let me just say that you will rewatch all your old movies in a whole new light. Jurassic Park is one of the best, especially if you have a subwoofer! As others have said the rain effects are way cool but the roars and the impact tremors will totally absorb you. The extras are cool too. Sell your &quot;The Making of Jurassic Park&quot; VHS on e-bay because it is on the disc. You'll also see production sketches/paintings, and a fly-on-the-wall effect of early production meetings. Steve and the effects guys really look like 10 year olds playing with toys it's great! I could have used a commentary track by Steve but I guess you can't have everything. Incidentally, make sure you get the widescreen version, at first I gut the full-screen one (by accident I assure you) but everything looked weird. Everything was short and fat. I tried to adjust my player but it just kept snapping back to full screen. The widescreen version was crisp, clear, and no signs of artifacting.
B00004XOWM|2.0|If it wasn't for the fact that Wes Borland is one of the most compelling guitarists in rock today, and that DJ Lethal is also in the same band, I'd give Limp Bizkit one star.  But, the combination of brutal, dexterous guitar playing and Lethal's loops sound awesome over the very ordinary drums and bass.   Unfortunately, Fred Durst is still in this band, and, though he has great presence and excellent style, his lyrics and attitude are a bit tired by now.  Even though I'm a huge NIN fan, I can understand his bashing Trent Reznor on &quot;Hot Dog,&quot; and I think he actually got his point across very coherently (&quot;nothing you do can bring you closer to me&quot;).  Too bad the rest of the song could have been written by a fifth grader.<br />I think it's a shame that Wes and Lethal are still in this band, but they're an integral part of the Limp sound, so it's necessary to have them stick around.  Without them, however, it's difficult to imagine that the combined talent of the rest of the members could even surpass Three Doors Down in terms of musical invention, and that's mighty sad indeed.
B00004SCX6|5.0|i liked the cd because al of her songs were terriffic.she has areally nice voice ... .
0553208845|4.0|Siddhartha is a well used subject for Eastern writings, however, Hesse gives quite a new view on his search for enlightenment. Hesse shows us the path Siddhartha takes, and the insights he gained, that change as he reaches different stages of life, as it happens with many people. However, unlike most people, Siddhartha reaches the final stage where he understands what it is that brings enlightenment and wisdom. It is not in the teachings of others, or certain lifestyles or other people, it is in everything, but only for those who can see it. Hesse's version of Siddhartha is much like many of his other books, it has a main character who is in search of the ultimate wisdom and happiness, but someone who, instead of joining the masses, finds his own way and achieves his goal.
B000008HPE|5.0|FORE! is like one of the best Huey Lewis CD's that I have ever listened to,  I grew up listening to this CD and I urge anybody who starts to listen to him to start with this CD!
B00004XOWM|3.0|This is a descent cd at best. Limp Bizkit still hasn't    re-captured the tremendous energy that was shown on 3 dollar bill yall. It is however ALOT better than the disapointing Significant Other. If you have already bought the new soulfly,deftones, and aperfect circle then buy this cd, but if you havn't bought those amazing cds ....
B000008HPE|5.0|I swear that FORE! is one of the greatest CD's out there.  It's one of the greatest that I have listened to since I was five or six.  Anybody who wants to start listening to Huey should listen to this CD here!
B00004XOWM|1.0|I was really hoping this would be a great release. But nope. It just really stinks. I also think that Wes was telling the truth when interviewed by MTV when he said he didn't like any of the songs on this. How could he like any of them. For the real music, take the time to track down stuff by Dave Kusworth.
B00004YKUX|4.0|I became a big fan of Johnny's when he started recording with Rick Rubin and have since fallen in love with his whole catalogue. Of the three recordings, this is my second favorite. I think the production on Unchained was a little stronger than this album. However, it is a most have for Cash fans and for anyone that misses music where the words mean something. I hope that he wins another grammy with this one!
B00004U3UG|5.0|Above all else, remember that this DVD is a novelty item. I would not be dissuaded by any sly remarks about the supposed quality of this DVD. This release is a completely different version than the theatrical release. Some lines are different, the original ending and a lot of deleted material have been incorporated, and there are deleted scenes never placed in any cut of the movie that may be viewed separately (though you'll quickly be wishing that these scenes had been refined and added into this &quot;definitive&quot; DVD, as they, quite simply, explain a lot of things that just didn't make any sense).<br />I've seen this movie in several different formats, including this DVD and both VHS editions, for a grand total of.. uh.. well over 700+ times, so believe me when I say a true fan will find little lacking with this release. After all, once you've seen a movie that many times, you're probably going to notice if the sound, picture, or whatever is bad enough to where you wish you hadn't bought this cut in the first place, right? Unfortunately, however, if you wish to view the threatrical cut, you'll have to purchase the original DVD release (this being the one shortcoming of the director's cut, aside from not including the deleted scenes as part of the motion picture).
B00004XOWM|5.0|Wow, I picked up a copy of &quot;Chocolate Starfish and The Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; this morning and I can already tell it won't be leaving my cd player anytime soon.  Fred and the boys took everything that worked on their last album and made it that much better on this one.  This could easily be the best cd I've picked up so far in year 2K.  Overall most tracks are smokin hot.  &quot;Getcha groove on&quot;  and the Swizz Beats remix of &quot;Rollin&quot;  are top notch examples of the emerging rap/rock hybrid which is a seemingly growing genre.  &quot;The One&quot; and &quot;My Way&quot; have bittersweet melodies interwoven with Fred Durst's mellow, laid back, but edgy vocals.  Of course MTV is gonna play the living crizap out of the original version of &quot;Rollin&quot; and &quot;My Generation&quot; which both serve as fine examples of Limp's signature sound.  A definate must have.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Hey,<br />    I got this cd the day it came out and sat down and listend to the whole thing. It is their best cd yet. The whole cd is one you can put in and listen to entirly. I think the best song on it is &quot;My Way&quot; because it is so cool. Wes has really grown in his guitar skills and you can tell in this song. Fred does a rockin' job with the vocals. They are meaningful and still make you wana mosh with the best of them.<br />~Peace~
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine Dion's performance on this disc is incredible as well as the accompaning orchestral arrangement. Belongs in your collection. &quot;O Holy Night&quot; is unbelieveable...will send shivers through your spine.
B00004YKUX|5.0|If anyone doubts Johnny Cash's power, all they must do is listen to this record.  Powerful statements such as &quot;I Won't Back Down&quot; and the incredible &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; mix with plaintive but powerful country-folk to create a pure slice of American heaven. God bless you Johnny. Long may you run.
630018403X|5.0|If you have never seen the Breakfast Club before, it is definitly essential that you see it. I have seen it probably about 20 times and I never get sick of it. It is just one of those movies that you apsolutely fall in love with. This movie is funny, touching and definitly NOT boring. People can totally relate to one if not all of the characters.  The way high school is portrayed is very realistic. This is an awsome movie. I loved it the first time I saw it, but it only gets better with time. If you haven't seen it, you should go see it. Now.
0380002930|5.0|Never Judge a book by its cover! You may like the look of a Bunny book, you may not. If you don't, don't throw this book off your list Because this a wonderful book. It was my favorite and still is.  Its about how a small group of rabbits/bunnies that are driven away from their warren, many were killed. Its about how they survive and travel on to find a new home.  Let me warn you though the first page is not the best. Don't stop when you read the first page. because the rest is the best. This story will pull you in. its like your acttualy there. You won't be able to stop reading! Trust me. I won't lie to you. try this book. You'll love it!
B00004XOWM|5.0|THIS CD IS JUST PLAIN AWESOME!!! LIMP BIZKIT HAS DONE IT AGAIN. EVERY SONG ON THE CD IS GOOD ESPECIALLY WITH TWO VERSIONS OF ROLLIN. ONE IS ROCK AND THE OTHER RAP WITH REDMAN AND METHOD MAN.THIS IS A MUST OWN CD FOR ANY ROCK FAN!!!
0671510991|4.0|I originally picked up this book because of the author.  The book should be the first text introduced in any Political Science, Military Science or Internal Affairs class.<br />The book is an excellent introduction to the more hardline philosphies that we see in various aspects of American foreign policy.  It begins in Europe around the Treaty of Westphalia, specifically covering most of western Europe's attempt to keep the small Germanic states from uniting into one powerful nation-state that could dominate all of Europe  (Some things never change). <br />Bored yet?  Don't be.  I can't do Kissinger's storytelling powers justice.  He loves history and it shows.  He creates a beautiful tapestry out of it while developing his concept of diplomacy.  If you love history, you'll be right at home reading this book.  If you don't, give it a try anyways, you may be pleasantly surprised.<br />Kissinger gives us in insiders' view of the intepretation of history and the thought processes that heavily defined American and European foreign policy for hundreds of years.  We watch as the age of empires comes and goes, replaced by the age of alliances and counter-balancing alliances.  We watch the rise of British-European colonialism and justification for it (from a political standpoint anyways) and the way it influenced US actions in South and Central America (especially Cuba) later on .<br />Kissinger gives us an excellent &quot;in the power seat&quot; introduction to Cold War politics and it is easy to see how the men at the top felt so strongly that communism was going to take over the world when you see it through his eyes.  Another interesting aspect is that it provides Kissinger's (and Nixon's) view of the Vietnam war and the rational for it.  And it explains why the rearming of the Germany (before the Wall came down) was so traumatic for the French on more levels than just historically and emotionally.  <br />We are even shown how small nation-states like Vietnam, Eygpt  and groups like the PLO managed to turn the old rules of diplomacy on its head and work them to their advantage.  And we can feel in the book the undercurrent of change as economics and &quot;national opinion&quot; begin to play more and more of a role in politics in addition to military power.<br />The end of the book I have problems with.  Kissinger is a better historian than journalist or editorialist.  He has strong feelings about the Reagan era that I would hardly call objective.  He's just too close to the fire to give an accurate account of the 80s, in my opinion.<br />This is a great book if you have even a passing interest in world affairs.  Like a previous poster stated--if you want to understand politics, start here.  For the &quot;other half&quot; of the Cold War perspective, pick up The Man Without a Face, by former East German Spychief, Marcus Wolf.  This book has little to say about the current, post-Cold War political scene, but it is a great text for understanding how we got here. <br />Paraphrased: &quot;The appearance of morality is more important than the morality itself&quot;        - Henry Kissinger
0452270073|4.0|This book was given to me as a gift.  It's quite simply a book about the trials and tribulations of World War I soldiers who ended up in a British Mental Hospital for various reasons.  It reminded me of the discrimination and improper treatments that took place....and most likely...still do...towards patients that find the misfortune to end up in a locked facility.  This book will be rewarding to any one who has felt mentally depressed &amp;/or has known any one who has been.  It's very well written...Like always...I was hoping for more (that's why 4 stars instead of 5 stars).  I liked these lines particularly: No raid tonight.  It was ironic that on this one quiet night he should have woken himself up with a nightmare.  As with all nightmares, the horror lingered...He didn't feel, however, that the underlying conflict had been sexual. OH...And I liked this one line (sounds like me--sometimes): Breakfast, lunch and dinner, he could do with out, but afternoon tea mattered.
B000002MNL|5.0|I've had this ablum for 40 years. It is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. MORRISSEY is reincarnate Joan of Arc. I don't know why it took so long for me to review this MASTERPIECE, but I assure you, if you want to listen to the best album since the 15th Century, buy &quot;Vauxhall &amp; I&quot;.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit again proves that they are ever evolving with their new release Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water,this album is relevant as a hip-hop and rock cd equally,Freds vocals rock,pick it up it's a great CD.
B00004XOWM|5.0|i got this cd the day it came out and it is awesome some of the songs i like on the cd r, livin it up, both rollin songs r good take a look around is awesome hot dog is cool and my generation is cool too. u should get this cd it is awesome.
B00003CXFG|5.0|This is one of the most original sci-fi or horror film I have seen in a long time besides Final Destination. Other than that, it has been a few years since a better one. The main character guy has the coolest eyes where he can see in total darkness and they have this great shine to them. He plays a prisoner who decides that he will help the people so he can be freed when a total eclipse comes, there is complete darkness and some aliens probobly right out of Starship Troopers comes to destroy them. Great movie with some of the coolest scenes ever. A definite buy for fans of the genre. You won't regret at least renting this one. Excellent! 9/10!
6305897786|2.0|I just watched this movie and I am wondering what I just saw.  I guess the intent of the movie is to lead you to beleive that their is some magical way to become immortal (albeit via the devil) which is possible from putting clues together from several issues of the same ancient book. The ending is terrible, the plot is easily guessed, and the special effects make you wonder if something is wrong with your television. My recommendation is that if you desire to own this movie, rent it before buying it to verify it is worth the investment.
B00003CXFV|5.0|This movie proves to me once again that Julia Roberts is the best actress in Hollywood. I can't believe I missed this great movie at the theatres to see Final Destination instead. Even though that was a great movie, Erin Brockovich is sooo much better. Julia definitely deserves Best Actress and this is closely tied with Gladiator as my favorite movie this year. The story is really great and has a very interesting cast, because it has some good laughs and some good storylines. This was a definite addition to my DVD collection. You have to get this one! You will not regret it.
B00001IVQT|5.0|Well, I didn't see &quot;Shine&quot;, and not only am I a relative newcomer to classical music, but this is my first Rachmaninov recording--and in my opinion, quite a recording. I didn't expect it to be this beautiful. Also, Concerto No. 2 doesn't come complelely unrecommended by anyone whatsoever: at the beginning of the linear notes Gramaphone is quoted as saying, in part, &quot;Ashkenazy's opening to the Concerto (No. 2) is extremely good -- thoughtful and dignified;  but though he later unleashes brilliance, the word &quot;thoughtful&quot; characterizes the whole of his performance--(his) technique is equal to anything and he is therefore the more to be commended for puttimg the music first&quot;.  Furthermore, in the linear notes, that author says this of this recording of both concertos &quot;Indeed, few more subtle and sovereign performances exist on disc, and those seeking an extra charge of adrenalin here, or a sentimental overtone there, will surely be disappointed.&quot; Additionallly, the author of one book I have, which I tend to rely on when I can. recommends a later (1970-71) Ashkenazy (with Previn) recording of the second, and the author of another book I have actually recommends THIS recording of the second (but not the third). So there ARE people who know more about it than I do who like at least this recoding of the second, if not both (or, in the case of one, liked Ashekenazy doing it later--but that's NOT this one). In any case in my personal opinion, they're both truly beautiful. However, and this is only on the basis of some of what I've read (only), I'm not planning to become an Argerich convert anytime soon, so that's the kind of person this is coming from. In any case, some people think well of this one, and so do I.
B00003CX6P|4.0|I'm actually really not sure whether I liked this movie or not. Some parts were funny, some were suspenseful, some were weird and other parts were just plain boring. One thing I know I did like were the characters. I found Jude Law's character Dickie to be really interesting. I mean why did he just take this guy in who he didn't even know and how he continued being best friends with him without even knowing who he really is. Also Phillip Seymour Hoffman is great again at what he does best. Really interesting supporting roles. I like him in small roles like this and Magnolia and Boogie Nights, but I can't stand him in entire movies like Flawless. He can annoy me after a while. Matt Damon was obviously good too, but the supporting is what makes the main character and story better. Just at least rent this one for an intersting and twisted story.
0684853523|5.0|For the legions of Stephen King fans out there (which is to say a lot), the first third of the book containing his short memoir is truly a gift.  One can't help wanting to read about his/her favorite writer after being transported to fantastic worlds countless times in Mr. King's prolific career.  Some fans would have paid... gladly for the first 101 pages of the memoir (&quot;C.V.&quot; he calls it), which includes heartfelt tidbits about his brother, mother and his long battles with alcohol and drug addiction.<br />The second part, &quot;On Writing,&quot; is where the aspiring novelists will find inspiration.  Assuming you're a serious writer (or wanting to be a published one), you'd no doubt would have read the countless manuals on the mechanics of writing.  With Mr. King, you do get short lessons in the mechanics of prose here and there.  What he mostly offers to the aspiring writer is the inspiration, the cheerleading, and as some have already suggested, after reading it makes you want to sit and write something.  He actually allows you into his writing routine, when and where he writes, how many months it takes to write the first draft, and even how he goes about editing the second draft.<br />Some very original thoughts I found quite interesting:<br />1. Story is a fossil you find on the ground, and you gradually dig it out slowly.<br />2. He doesn't plot his stories.  He puts &quot;a group of characters in some sort of predicament and then watch them try to work themselves free.&quot;  In fact he even goes as far as to say, &quot;plot is shift, and best kept under house arrest.&quot;<br />3. Write first draft with the &quot;door&quot; closed, and the second draft with it open.<br />There are truly gems here for writers, simple, direct, to the point.  As always, he doesn't talk down to you.  There is even advice on finding agents.<br />The final section elaborates his near-death experience in summer of 1999, when he was hit by a van driven by Bryan Smith.  The book is actually a sandwich: two slices of autobigraphy with the writing advice as the meat of the book.<br />Though the thin volume was not your edge-of-the-seat thriller or horror, I found myself reading the darn thing in one seating.  A pretty good deal for a non-fiction book.  This may sound funny, too, but I felt like the book became a good friend of mine.  In a word, this is book is intimate.  As a fan, and perhaps a writer, that might be worth something.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD rules!!!!! I was expecting something that had more rap-type songs but it's not like that at all. All of the songs are great. I'm listening to it right now and I can't help but bob my head to the music. It's evident by a lot of the songs the Fred Durst poured his soul into some of these songs and songs like &quot;my generation&quot; can serve as an anthem for kids everywhere.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I have to admit that I'm a late arriver to the Radiohead scene.  I purchased &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; when it first came out, mainly because I had heard &quot;Creep&quot; on the radio.  I listened to the entire CD and soon realized that this band was truly unique, but little did I know they would soon be making what is undoubtedly one of the greatest works of musical art ever produced.<br />Where to start in the praise for &quot;OK Computer&quot;?  The lyrics are superbly crafted, perfectly suited for audiences craving real insights into modern problems.<br />Radiohead as a band could not be tighter in their understanding of what sounds work perfectly to evoke just the right emotions.  Incredibly skilled musicians, they also surpass the usual drivel of what one hears in modern music.  One of the most overlooked instruments on &quot;OK Computer&quot; is Thom Yorke's voice, which sweeps in and out, wrapping delicately around his fully realized view of society, technology, hope, hate, and our most hidden desires.  One need only listen to &quot;Let Down&quot; to feel the almost symphonic reach of Yorke's voice.  Listen carefully to the double tracking of his voice as he sings &quot;You'll know where you are&quot; (heard best with headphones, where the line builds on the right side of your hearing) and then is mixed with &quot;One day I am gonna grow wings/Chemical reaction.&quot;  Both build to a sonorous and chillingly beautiful crescendo as Yorke takes his voice higher and purer than anyone else in rock music.<br />The best way to review &quot;OK Computer&quot; is with single words: brilliant, phenomenal, amazing, perfect, lingering, unforgettable, haunting, pure, and OK.  OK, indeed!   This is the best record of the 90s, hands down.
0684853523|5.0|I read the book's review in Barrons on a Saturday.  Ordered it from amazon.com on Monday.  It's the best book on writing I've ever read!  I'm 66, rewriting my first novel, and I want to know in the hell slipped in all those adverbs, unnecessary adjectives and meaningless extra words in my first draft!
B000009VOL|5.0|I just bought this record after hearing Cat Power  lauded by Courtney Love in an interview where she also mentioned Sleater-Kinney. I love S-K by the way so I figured why not take a chance? I listened to Cross-Bones Style on Napster and fell in love with Chan's voice almost instantly. So, you see, Napster ain't all bad cuz it made me go out and buy this incredible album! Her simplicity of song writing is what draws me most to her. Whenever it snows, and it's going to snow alot soon, I'm gonna put this record on and smile because the taste of snowflakes is actually a good thing. So is slow and beautifully emotional music. thanks Chan.
6301208773|5.0|Die Hard in my opinion one of the best Action films of the 80's maybe ever. Bruce Willis is great and this movie made him a star. He plays John McClane a NY cop who is visiting his family in California and has to save his wife from  high class thiefs. Alen Rickman plays the main bad guy and does it well. A lot of action special effects and humor, a movie worth watching. I highly recommened this movie.
0679879269|3.0|I loved the Golden Compass and Subtle Knife took my breath away because there were so many twists. I waited patiently for this book and now that it is here ... I am not too happy with it. Everything and everyone in the book seem so contrived! I'm really sorry to say this because I love the concept of His Dark Materials. <br />Yes, it would have been a wonderful parallel to Paradise Lost but Pullman does not succeed--it's a poor parody. I feel (like many readers) that Lyra's parents go into unbelievable personality changes and that really spoiled it for me. Some sections are so long and overblown while other parts are unclear.<br />It's also a lot darker than the other two and I have to smile when I think what the Christian Right will make out of this. :) I am fine with questioning God's motives and Autnority but Pullman doesn't manage to pull these ideas off. Sorry, but I didn't fall for the 'finale' and ending either. Lyra as Eve of a New World and Eve in love? I think not. The love between Will and her is too sudden. Not enough of Lyra and P together (they used to finish each other's thoughts) though I do like the final animal he becomes.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Okay. I don't know where some of these people are getting information, but the PS2 is NOT coming bundled with a memory card, and you will only be able to use your original memory card to save PSX games. In order to save PS2 games, you have to have the new 8MB memory card.
0684853523|5.0|Having been Mr. King's fan for years I always entertained a wish to sit across the table from him and chat.Alas, no such luck! This book is the next best thing. Part memoir, part lesson in writing Mr. King lets us fans a little bit closer to his world. I would love to meet his muse (the one in the cellar)! The book is fast read and chapters can be re-visited in the order the reader wants.
0684800713|5.0|Short of calling it the best piece of American fiction of the 20th century, there is almost no superlative that can do justice to Hemingway's unrivaled accomplishment!  What can be said of this book that has not already been said, by someone, somewhere?  Still, having revisited this classic twenty or so years after my first read, I am, if anything, even more convinced of its merit.  Hemingway's original voice, like nothing that has been heard before or since, simply sweeps one off one's feet!  His description of a man who will never be &quot;all&quot; man, as he winds his way through the maze of relationships, both male and female, and through the maze of his own always impossible to meet standards for himself, is, at times, harrowing, at other times, uplifting.  And who can resist the utterly human, utterly complete, portrait of a woman who is not herself &quot;all&quot; woman, the incomparable &quot;Lady Bret&quot; Ashley?  I will forever admire the ingenious, subtle way in which Hemingway sneaks in this character, probably the first sympathetically drawn transsexual in all of literature, seeing &quot;her,&quot; as &quot;she&quot; would have wanted - but never could have hoped - to be seen, as, quite simply, a lady. Bless you, Papa Hemingway!
B00004XOWN|1.0|This is awsome! Awsome! Awsome! I love this band, they keep me awe struck every time! They make crazy beats yo it's off the hook! The sound is raw yo. Rock this crazy album in your pinto! It's real metal yo!
B000002KHF|5.0|I bought a copy for me and one for my lover in Scotland. We listen to them together and dance at the full moon each and every month..Van is so romantic...all lovers should have him to share their love.  Moondancing is the best! chil in America...loves Iain in Scotland my moondancer
B000002L7J|5.0|Rain rolls off the backsides of passing thought - I thought you'd never come.        3:23 in the AM and I am smoking way too much these days. Tone and timbre seeped into my belly and those memories it kicked up have yet to lay back down and be good! Red wine in white ceramic mugs, smooth as ever, fingers wander fondle there! I thought you'd never get here.
B00000K19E|5.0|Excuse me, but I must start this review off with a question, if you do not mind. Why are you reading this review? You should of already seen this movie, hence the reading of any review is not needed!<br />If you have not seen this movie already, you are indeed a sorry little man(or woman). This film is without a doubt a a ground-breaker for a whole new level of special effects and action sequences. It has to be seen to be believed. The story, although based on a old philisophical premise, is a god-send for Hollywood. I don't want to say to much, because it might ruin the whole thing. Trust me though, it good... real good.<br />And when you thought it couldn't get any better, The Matrix comes packed with solid extras. Behind-the-scenes-documentaries; cast/crew commentary; music only track; &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot; and &quot;take the red pills&quot; mode that will unlock ever more secrets of the The Matrix; and last filmorgraphies.
B00003CXE7|4.0|I saw the movie at the theater.  It was definitely worth my money.  I rarely go out to the movies and when I do, I always feel cheated out of my money.  They're usually so short but Gladiator is about 3 hours long.<br />It has everything an epic needs.  It has adventure, blood, intrigue (not too much to bore you), righteous hero, etc.  The movie is about honor and survival(and some other stuff that I couldn't remember since I watched it several months ago).  It's very touching.  The movie was realistic in that it got some of the less savory sides of humanity in it.  One of which is the fact that the prince is in love with his sister.  Incest does happen often in those days.  The other thing was that his family was killed horribly.  The ending was quite sad but appropiate in light of what happened in the movie.  You'll see what I mean when you watch the movie.<br />I wouldn't recommend it for little kids 'cause it has too much violence and my little brother and cousins almost fell asleep watching it.  They're under 6.  Hehe.  I would give it 4.5 stars.  Hope you find it just as good as I do.
B000003NA3|5.0|When I first heard this, I couldn`t believe one, the incredible sound quality. It made you feel as if you were there in the club. Second, and most important was the music. It would like watching Picasso paint. You listened as each exploration started then soared to heavenly heights only to return original back to earth . Very few artists can have the same songs on a CD, but make each one it`s own thing of beauty.  Coltrane attacks each song with an almost religous fervor, seeking to make each one a vehicle to take him and you to the perfect place. With his band laying down the foundation and inventing in their own right, the listener is hearing pure genius at work. Along with the live CD`s by Miles, you can hear history. If you like improvisational jazz, this is the motherlode.
0790729652|4.0|Quite possibly one of the greatest Batman movies ever made, this goes beyond the zany BIFFs and BAMs and BOPs of the old TV shows.  Although his wepons progress over time, This one with Jack Nicholson is pure genius, all the way from the explosive begining to an extraordinary climax on the roof of the Cathedral.  This is 100% worth it.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|This is the first Bjork cd i've purchased since the second sugarcubes album came out in the late '80's.  I bought it a couple weeks after seeing Dancer in the Dark, largely because a couple of the musical segments in the film were so haunting.  Though I'm very happy to own the cd, i am disappointed that several of the songs are subtly but significantly different from the versions in the movie; in particular i missed the chorus of railroad workers on &quot;I've Seen Everything,&quot;  Joel Grey on &quot;In the Musicals,&quot; and a few other touches in the film that were important to my appreciation of the music.  I do hope they issue a soundtrack that is faithful to the film version; if they do, I'll pick it up in an instant, and pass this version on to a friend.  Again, the differences are very minor, but they make a difference to me.
0790730960|5.0|This is, by far, Tim Burton's greatest movie.  It is also the darkest, with the sinister Penguin and the slinky Catwoman to what I believe is the true villian, Max Shreck, this dark film will have you to the edge of your seat when you see the amazing special effects, the incredible stunts, and even the Circus from Heck!  The Duck even adds to Tim's bizarre sense of midnight-black humor.  This film is pure brilliance
B00000BKDW|5.0|Not only do I consider this my favorite Iron Maiden release, I consider this to be one of the best heavy metal albums recorded.  EVER.  From the opening notes of &quot;Aces High&quot; to the end of &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner&quot;, this eight song album never hits a wrong note.  I cannot fairly pick highlights, as all songs are outstanding.  However, if I were to be biased, I would have to say the title track is the best song the band has ever recorded.  I am just sorry the band never got the recognition they deserved with Powerslave.  Yes, the World Slavery Tour sold out throughout the entire United States, which is amazing considering Powerslave was given almost no airplay on radio or MTV.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I guess I was hoping for an awesome album like Significant Other or Three Dollar Bill, Ya'll.  This falls way short of either.  While it is polished and Durst sounds good on it, in my opinion this CD just doesn't contain the catchy tunes of the LB's previous two albums.  Besides &quot;Rollin',&quot; I can't think of another tune that is strong.  I'm quite disappointed in it, but then again ... this usually happens to bands once they have reached the top.
6305922748|5.0|Let me tell you something about Spinal Tap:  this movie is awesome.  The more you see it, the funnier it gets.  This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  YOU MUST BUY THIS.  Rob Reiner is a genius in having made this flick.  The script is great, the humor great, somewhat suttle, and  the movie definitely will make you want to watch it more.  I highly recommend this one.
B000002WU9|5.0|Props go out to the RZA and Ghost for their remarkable contribute to this album. RZA's beats are so sicc. For real though they got hard hitting drums with old scratchy orchestra records in the background. It's a beautiful sound to my ears. Actually I had this CD for a few years but I just came and started reading the reviews and decided to listen to it again cuz I didn't like it at first. Now I'm bangin' every track, this is by far a classic. Tightest songs are &quot;Knuckleheadz,&quot; &quot;Rainy Dayz&quot; and &quot;Verbal Intercoarse.&quot; Pick this ish up.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  If this movie has a flaw, it is that it is extremely unlikely that aristocratic British daughters would fall in love (and so quickly!) with Indians, or even a white man raised as an Indian, and living like one.  Not much is made of this breaching of the class barrier...but, then again, it IS Daniel Day-Lewis that Madeleine Stowe's character falls for, so audiences are probably more apt to overlook this detail.<br />Really, though, there is nothing I didn't like about this movie.  The action is perfectly paced, the script tight, the acting on target.  The score is something else...in fact, it contributes to the wildly moving emotional climax of this movie, one during which there is no dialogue.  <br />The romance in this movie is well-developed without being maudlin, and is skillfully developed as part of the action, not a subplot.<br />An all-around wonderful movie, very entertaining, and easy to watch more than once.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I think X-Men is the best action movie ever.The acting is great.Hugh Jackman rocks as Wolverine.The Special Effects were awsome.The story is good because it tells you a lot about the characters.It also has a good message because it tells you that it doesn't matter that were diffrent because we are all the same.
B00004XONN|3.0|I won't add my voice to the cacophony about whether this album is good or bad, future or the past, cop-out or risky, etc. etc. I just thought i'd let some people know that a special secret, equally bizarre little booklet of words and images (that seems to compliment the rest of the insert artwork) can be found by prying open the black plastic CD &quot;seat&quot; that holds the CD in the back of the jewel case.  Just an FYI (i love eccentric little tricks like this....).
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit's new release, Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water, is yet another example of the band's intense energy and enthusiasm for their music.  The lyrics boast the same hardcore, upbeat style that people have come to expect from the Bizkit crew.  With the release of this album, the band is sure to have a definite increase in fan numbers.  This time Fred Durst teamed up with a few friends including Swizz Beatz, DMX, Method Man, and Redman.  The cd includes the hit &quot;Rollin' (air raid vehicle and urban assault vehicle).&quot;  A definite buy for all Limp Bizkit fans!
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira is a gift from Colombia, and this album &quot;pies descalzos&quot;-her best in Spanish, now holds a big place in my heart. Because of listening to this CD over and over again, carrying it with me from continent to continent, dropping it while singing and grooving along to the lyrics tucked inside, lending it to close friends- and full out CHERISHING it- the CD case is broken, stained, and fully broken in. While living in South America, and exploring all the exotic venues of music- Shakira fell into my lap one day and it never left my Stereo. Before long- you will be shouting out the lyrics and grooving in your seat- songs like &quot;Estoy Aqui&quot; and &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; have the type of melody and lyrical quality that they will surely pop into your head even years after listening to them. The majority of the songs are about lost love and dealing with the avalanche of emotions of heartbreak in a positive manner. If you're heart is feeling a little sad- and in need of some nourishment- slide this CD into the nearest stereo- and enjoy! This CD would also be great to listen to while exercising- cuz it'll give you the hope to reach that extra mile.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I just got this CD an hour ago, and it is the best Limp Bizkit yet! Great job on this cd... seems to be a lot like &quot;Significant Other&quot;, only even greater! A Must Have for all hard rock fans.
B000002WYT|5.0|Without any shadow of a doubt, Dave Matthews Band 1996 release &quot;CRASH&quot; is my personal favorite album. I love all of this band's works of musical art, but &quot;CRASH&quot; remains my favorite.<br />There is no hint of imperfection on this CD. The lyrics and music blend into this perfect harmony of soulful bliss for the ears. You'll love the jams and the creative thought found here, whether spoken or played.<br />I don't think it gets much better than a CD that contains &quot;So Much To Say,&quot; &quot;Two Step,&quot; &quot;Too Much,&quot; &quot;#41,&quot; &quot;Say Goodbye,&quot; and so many more. They are all excellent songs, each on their own as well as together. Everything fits together so nicely on &quot;CRASH.&quot; It's a beautiful thing.<br />I suggest you add this album to your collection as soon as possible. It isn't complete without it.
B00004XOWN|4.0|After Significant Other, I didnt know if Limp Bizkit could have an album half that good. Chocolate Starfish and Hot Dog Flavored Water is one of the best CD's ive heard all year. Rollin, My Generation and Getcha Grove On are the best on here. The theme from M:I2 is on here also. Overall, if you like lb at all, this is a good cd for you
0446677450|2.0|Here are the salient points:<br />1)Buy assets such as investment real estate, stocks, bonds, and businesses that you can hire others to run, and shun personal assets such as cars,houses beyond your means and expensive toys.<br />2)Keep your eyes open for money-making opportunites that others are missing.<br />There, No need to suffer through this book, which reads like it was written by Al Gore. (&quot;Now children, let me explain s-l-o-w-l-y...&quot;)<br />I also wonder if the author is as wealthy as he would like us to believe. For example, he says on page 88 that &quot;One day, to get a loan, my financial position did not look too good. So I added my new golf clubs, my art collection, books, stereo, television, Armani suits, wristwatches, shoes and other personal effects to boost the number in the asset column.&quot; I don't know if he has a sister, but I fear that he might have thrown her in as well. Why did his financial position  &quot;not look good?&quot; It makes him sounds like the many real estate hustlers I've seen come and go over the years who use fuzzy math to make their net worth seem like much more than it really is. It also makes me think that he doesn't follow his own advice when it comes to over-consumption of status-y consumer goods.<br />&quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot; is a much better book if you want to understand how wealthy people got that way, and how you can, too.
0790729652|5.0|First of all, this is one of my favorite movies, and a prime example of Tim Burton in his top form! There is so much in this film to behold, the absolutely fabulous art direction by the late Anton Furst, the fantastic musical score by Danny Elfman, the performances by Jack Nicholson and Micheal Keaton, and the skillful direction of Tim Burton. All of these elements, when mixed into a dark, gloomy plot, make a film that can be called nothing short of a masterpiece. Like Star Wars and Indiana Jones, this is one of those films that you could watch 200 times and never get sick of. Definitely a timeless classic.
B00000JGEO|5.0|Maybe I have glorified this movie in my mind, because I watched it with my first love, but I don't think so. I love this movie so much, It's place is cherished in my home video collection. Not being much of an Action/Adventure lover, seeing a movie of this genre that also had a lot of comedy AND romance was very refreshing.  I don't really like Arnold Schwarzenegger as an actor, but he actually shines in this role that he was born for. Jamie Lee Curtis is Amazing as usual, and Tom Arnold is hilarious. Tia Carrere plays a very good bad girl and the whole cast compliments one another.  You'll laugh, you'll squirm with suspense in your seat, and you will LOVE this movie. I promise.
B00004XOWM|5.0|But I won't stop with one word. Like Korn's &quot;Issues&quot; album, this new Bizkit is a &quot;return to the rock&quot; (to paraphrase MTV's lame attempt at credibility)- less rapping, more crunching. Unlike Korn's album, however, this is another whole level for the band, and it shows that guitarist Wes Borland is simply THE new riff-master. At once heavier than the &quot;Significant Other&quot; while showing a more mature songwriting level - lots of space and atmosphere within every song. And the band as a unit is tighter than ever, with Fred's vocals more insightful without losing any edge at all - well, it simply leaves all comers in the dust. These last two Bizkit albums do for me what Metallica did once: they electrify, and this album is stunning.
B00004XONN|5.0|In this generation where being so HARD and so HEAVY was this big push it's unreal that this cd was ever made. Don't kid yourself, your a long way from the radiohead of yesteryear. This cd is extremely subdued and mellow. I listened to this cd with an open mind.. i'd never heard too much of the previous works of radiohead.. and came out with an eerie sensation. This cd is truly great. Radiohead has made an unquestionable leap in a new direction.. hell, good luck even trying to describe or name where they stand now! Kid A is a strange trip though some unknown world as bleak as the mountainous scene on the front cover. But it's a great journey. It's obvious to me that many people won't like this cd, because it just is THAT radically different. If your ready to explore your musical tastes and yourself, then plug in the odd aura of Kid A and drift away.. or be dragged away violently.
156895963X|5.0|Great piece of literature. Once started I couldn't put it down. The innocent ways of the Mc Court children through the tough times and their basis for judgement on what they learned from their drunken father and depressed mother made a comically sad novel.
B00004YKUX|4.0|I bought Solitary Man yesterday, and have played it several times, each time it gets better. There are touches of American Recordings (Cash's first album produced by Rick Rubin) but with more joy and rhythm. The title song, Solitary Man, has Cash singing the chorus in his brilliant deep voice. Nick Cave's 'The Mercy Seat' has been well adapted to Cash, and these are the types of songs he is at his best. The other musicians on the album complement Johnny very well, the voices of Sheryl Crow and June Carter-Cash fit in perfectly with his. Merle Haggard also makes a great appearance. There are a few songs which have the feeling of old greats like 'I Walk The Line' which balance the album out superbly. It's an album of many styles, but yet all linked as only Cash can do in this situation. I have given this album 4 stars, as I personally like Cash's first Rick Rubin album more, as it is dark and Johhny puts it over so brilliantly with just his great voice and equqlly good guitar. This album (American Recordings) I would give 5 stars but with time I expect this album will become a 5 star album. It is well worth the buy and now can't wait for his next album, what will be next?
B00000ILBK|1.0|There were too many &quot;cutesy&quot; things in this movie. Riker being shaved by Troi? Trying to play footsey on her couch? Really!! How come Picard never gets the girl? Any female that shows him any attraction he rejects harshly! Maybe Picard has been in space too long. Data singing? This was hard to image him doing.Worf with a pimple? Worf being a warrior would rather kill himself then show this &quot;childish&quot; side of himself. The most absurd part was Riker steering the Enterprise with a &quot;joy stick&quot;! Surely Star Fleet Engineers could come up with something more dignified. A &quot;Nintendo&quot; Enterprise!! What will they think of next?My kids were delighted to think Nintendo would be around in the 24th century!!
B000000H57|5.0|It would take years to find the right words to describe this album.  Type O Negative is the ONLY band capable of pulling off the self-hate, lost love aspect of music.  And what a job they do of it.  At first, the album doesnt seem to be all that great.  However after listening to it 1000 times in a row, I saw the excellence in the music.  If you are suicidal, DO NOT listen to this album, because I can guarantee that you will end up dead after Red Water.  The one aspect that this album does lack however, is a definitive guitar sound.  Although every other aspect skyrockets off the charts.  Type O Negative does not NEARLY get the noteriety they deserve, but staying underground is what I am sure keeps Peter Steele so depressed.  Thus being able to produce such a masterpiece.  If you like this album I HIGHLY recommend World Coming Down, that album has the one thing October Rust didnt, a definitive guitar sound.  Also Bloody Kisses, that album being heavier than October Rust, yet not straying from the path Type O Negative is so noted for.
B00004XOWM|4.0|This album is similar to Significant Other, but there is also a bit of heaviness from their first album thrown in. If you have their other albums and you like them, you'll probably like this one too. So far, my favorite track is &quot;Livin' It Up&quot;.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This Cd is the best of 2000 for the fact that it has some of the hardest songs I've heard in a while but it has rap in it and some softer songs in it also. This Cd has something for everone no matter what kind of music they listen to. I really belive that the best song on this CD is &quot;getcha groove on&quot;. I say you should buy this CD for all these reasons and more. You get it and you will also see the magic of the Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water.
B00004XOWM|5.0|If ya ask me, this is the best album from Limp Bizkit. I hope that all of ya'll out there buy this d@mn cd because it is THE BEST EVER! If uoi buy it, I guaran-damn-tee that you'll want to buy another copy for no apparent reason. Just get it!
B00004YKUX|5.0|I've just finished listening to American III for first time.  I can't remember the last time I was so moved simply by the sound of a voice.  There is a vulnerability in Johnny's voice that perfectly suits these excellent songs - songs that he makes his own - and perhaps even more importantly - yours.
B0000009RX|5.0|Like this disc needs a rating boost...I wanted to find an album that I could give an unabashed 5-star rating to, though.  This is Frank's misanthropic masterpiece against what he took to be hypocrites, phonies, and clueless hippies, set against the backdrop of the summer of love.  Of course, this is the anti-Sgt. Pepper, with the idealistic and psychedelic sentiments parceled out by the Beatles replaced by the sarcasm, ragged and virtuosic playing and none-too-subtle humor from the Mothers of Invention (check out the cover, too).  Being members of the so-called &quot;underground,&quot; one would expect the usual shots at the &quot;squares&quot;, as exhibited before on their two earlier albums &quot;Freak Out!&quot; and &quot;Absolutely Free&quot;, but Frank saves a lot of his bile for the flower children as well.  In &quot;Who Needs the Peace Corps?&quot; a new arrival to the San Francisco scene maps out his plan:  &quot;I will ask the Chamber of Commerce how to get to Haight Street, and smoke an awful lot of dope...I will love everyone...I will love the police as they kick the sh** out of me on the street...&quot; and so on.  His folks, no doubt, are at home drinking and wondering where their boy went wrong (&quot;Bow Tie Daddy&quot;, &quot;Harry, You're A Beast&quot;), and there are newfangled, factory-defective anthems for the awkward misfits, watching all that free love on the sidelines (&quot;Take Your Clothes Off When You Dance,&quot; &quot;What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?&quot;, &quot;Mother People&quot;).   There's a rich, heady mix of pop, psychedelia and soundscape, sometimes thrown into the blender and strewn onto the vinyl; sped-up voices and instruments abound, with all sorts of sonic burps and shrieks intermingled (the last track, &quot;The Chrome Plated Megaphone of Destiny&quot; is all glorious noise--in tribute to Edgard Varese, a composer Zappa greatly admired?).   There aren't any long jamming instrumental sections--the songs say their piece,and move on, often abruptly to the next ones.  I love the revamp of &quot;Hey Joe&quot; in &quot;Flower Punk,&quot; a mock diatribe on speed that manages to make light of the kids and the ones you can't trust (over 30!).   It's a real crazy quilt of an album, really enjoyable and of its time.  This one deserves its stars.  Any 60s time capsule worth its salt would include this as a contrast to all the &quot;peace and love&quot; hype permanently affixed to the time.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Yes Gladiator is a good movie, and yes, it is epic, in story, scale, and performances.... But what seems to be overlooked here are the unmistakable parallels that can be drawn between this movie and Braveheart, the best epic in this genre.<br />Ridley Scott delivers a solid product that rivals his best work (Alien, Blade Runner, Legend, and Thelma and Louise).  It may in fact be his best work to date.  Nevertheless, while watching the movie I couldn't help but keep thinking about how it felt like Braveheart.... set in Rome.<br />Our hero is a reluctant soldier, who prefers to go home and run his farm and raise a family (sounds familiar?).  But instead the ones he loves are brutally massacred and he has nothing left to live for except revenge and justice (beginning to sound familiar yet).  As you would expect he ultimately achieves this, but with a tragic conclusion that when compared to Braveheart now begins to feel clichéd.<br />Please remember, however, that this is a good movie... in fact its one of the best movies in 2000 (and yes this does not say much, because this has been a dismal year for movies).  The open battle is grand, but Scott films it in style that tries to hard capture the chaos of battle and this results in a sequence that lacks in coherence and lucidity.<br />Nevertheless, if you haven't seen this movie, and you love epics that play in this space, then WATCH THIS MOVIE! ... And if you still want more watch BRAVEHEART 3:  THE PATRIOT! <br />With regards,<br />RAYHAWK.com Web Site Design<br />Glendale, California.
0767821629|3.0|It is not a bad movie at all but when you watch a movie similar to the idea in The Matrix you expect some digital effects.But here we have this one maybe the biggest minus is the effects.
B00004YKUX|4.0|When I first saw the song selection for this CD I wasn't impressed, but after hearing it I can hear once again how Johnny Cash can take any song and make it his own.  While You Won't Back Down and Solitary Man are excellent, the real standout - and the song I had the most doubts about - was U2's One.  Cash strips away the original's melodrama and emphasizes the song's  basic emotion.  This CD makes a fine companion to the first two American Recordings; I read that he and Rubin recorded over 90 songs, and I hope more see the light.
B00004Z511|5.0|We've waited 3 years for this. 3 long gruelling years for Radiohead to put out a new album, and we get Kid A.<br />True: it's an artsy record<br />True: it's not rock<br />True: Many will be disappointed, and simply will not get it<br />True: Kid A is incredible, on a whole different level<br />   Many Radiohead fans will discuss this one for years to come. A break from convention, yes. Absolutely. As Radiohead progresses deeper into a world with zero musical consequence, we are taken along for the ride, never knowing what will come next. Does it work? (smiles w/ devils grin).                                         Why make the same old record over and over again? Because that's what the record companies, and ultimately the brainless masses want. Radiohead answers back with an album that screams &quot;SOD OFF LEACHES!&quot;. And the punch line is that Thom York doesn't care if you like it or not.      So, we are left with a piece of plastic capable of melting in it's tray because of the repeat feature on most CD players. What then does the album sound like? Ambient, at times thrilling, at times haunting. Sometimes an,like   &quot;treefingers&quot;, and sometimes incredible w/ &quot;How to disappear completely&quot;.                         How do you define a band that refuses to sit still long enough to be shackled with a nomenclature? How then do you define said bands material? And yet, for being &quot;art&quot;, there is no decadence, fluff, or meaningless tracks. Radiohead is free, having proven themselves many times over to get the job done, to roam about and try what they want. And with rumors of a spring Album floating about, they are gracious enough to share their experiments with the rest of us.     I am amazed, again. This album, though it's self alienated from everything else Radiohead has turned out, stands alone, on it's own two legs daring to be understood. Highly recommended.
B000002LCE|4.0|Ronnie is at it again!! &quot; Dream Evil &quot; is another classic showcase of Ronnie's far superior vocal ability. With such songs as &quot;Sunset Superman&quot;, &quot;All the Fools&quot; and&quot;Dream Evil&quot; this is a must have for any Dio fan. Though the album in its entirety is very good, its strong point would have to be &quot;All the Fools&quot;, one of the finest showcases of raw vocal power and emotion.<br /> Hats off to you Ron,  <br />       Cyrena
B00004XQP4|4.0|When I first popped the CD in, I was expecting some new &quot;Basket Case - Dookie&quot; and &quot;Brain Stew - Insomniac&quot; songs.  After listening through the whole CD, I felt really disappointed.  But, I left the CD in and listened to it again... REALLY listened to it.<br />Songs like Reject, Walking Alone and Redundant are softer songs on the Nimrod CD (If you haven't realized) and each of those songs is a beautifully written and played out song.  With Warning, what Green Day has done is avoided the one-time-hit wonders and left us with the most immpressive Green Day CD yet.<br />&quot;Church on Sunday&quot; and &quot;Waiting&quot; (&quot;No Pride - Insomniac&quot; resemblance) have been written with such ingenuity and skill.  You can fall in love with the words if you leave out the song.<br />&quot;Blood, Sex and Booze&quot;, &quot;Misery&quot; and &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot; bring back the idea of the old Green Day, with their different, alomst twisted views of life.<br />If you're looking for another smash hit, you won't find it here.  Instead, you'll find a classic.  Just remember that some of the songs need to grow on you (as Nimrod did).  Plus, it's a lot easier to fall in love with the CD when you read the verses and understand the story behind each song.<br />DStBe (GD fan since 96)<br />&quot;Don't give me an answer  'Cause you only know as much as I know  Unless you've been there once  well, I hardly think so.&quot;
0593044703|5.0|Everyone, who just want to experience the rush of adrenaline by reading fantasy books have to read this book! This is the BEST high fantasy book i'v ever read(i'v read em alot) and i cannot wait for sequel. Erikson has a different approach to the whole thing. He jumps right into action...at first its hard to get into it, but once you are there, you cant get enough of it! A MUST READ BOOK for power fantasy ppl!<br />Try also Richard.A.Knaak to those, who enjoyed this book.
B0000026VZ|5.0|Toto is one of the finest rock group of the world. Thier music is part hard rock, part pop, part progressive, part techino pop, part blues. In short they blend extracts from great music to the limit. Their great hits 99, I'll Be Over You, Africa, Rosana(my #1 favorite TOTO tune of all time)alone show the magic this group creates. When I heard this CD ,in 1990, however I feared Toto will end with this release because their newer tracks were not so tempting as their past hits had been. But to my joy,they kept on creating great albums since this compilation. It gives great joy for sure. A must-buy if you love great music.
B00004X01U|4.0|If you want to dance or just listen, this is a great CD.  Especially good for car listening.  The best track is &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;, she captures a mature listener's feelings with the lyrics.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|The minute this album arrived in the mail, I put it in the stereo and listened to it four times in a row.  This is entrancing music from one of my favorite artists, and I can't wait to see the film.  But as another poster said, &quot;Selmasongs&quot; stands on its own as a record, an exhiliarating record at that.
B00004XONN|2.0|I went to the record store the day after the release to find out what all the hype was about.  I came home disappointed and empty handed.  I'm giving this album 2 stars not because the quality of the music warrants it and not because it &quot;sounds like Super Mario&quot;, but it is more to spite all the music reviewers who are gushing over it saying how ground breaking it is.  It's great to see that a mainstream band is using its plateform to release material that is challenging the status quo of popular music and judging by the responses of some reviewers, it is a little too challenging for some; but, the electronic side of this music is far, far too similar to that of the music put out by Warp Records 2,3,4 years ago, especially that of Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada. I wouldn't be surprised if Radiohead bought Richard D. James (aka. Aphex Twin) a box of twinkies and a new tank for producing Kid A.
B00000FCBC|1.0|The Mercyful Fate medley is probably the most complicated piece of music Metallica have ever done and will ever do.
B00004XOWM|5.0|this was a great cd.im not gonna tell you its the best cd ive ever heard.but it does rank pretty high.this long awaited cd lives up to the hype.the main song,Rolling,reminds me of counterfeit,from the bands first album.and the song,hot dog,is one i can listen to,over and over.all in all,this cd is hard-rocking,and even has some rap,to add some zest to it.so go out and buy the cd,it should be the best you buy this year.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I've been waiting and waiting for this release since sometime around independence day this year, probably just as much as any other Limp Bizkit fan out there.  And then month after month it was delay after delay ...until finally today!  And to start it off by saying I'm not disappointed at all.  Every track on this cd minus the remix of &quot;Rollin'&quot; is good, and great in some cases ,as far as my opinion goes.  It kinda picks up where the first 7 or 8 tracks of Signifigant Other left off, if thats of any help to you.  My favorite tracks are probably &quot;Hotdog&quot; and &quot;Boiler&quot;.  So here's a 4 star, would be 5 start rating, to in my opnion, the best Limp Bizkit CD yet released.............
B00004XONN|3.0|I bought Kid A sight unseen (sound unheard?) because I was SO EAGER to finally be able to hear another unbelievably great effort from one of modern rock's best bands.  I've only listened to Kid A twice, and that was while I was housecleaning.  Okay, okay -- I know this was bad because I did not let the music command 100% of my attention.  But I was waiting for a song or two to pique my interest -- even as background music -- and none did.  I guess I was waiting for another incredible album like The Bends (which, in my opinion, is the best Radiohead has put out, not OK Computer).  But when I realized the album was finished, I felt disappointed, especially after having waited so many years for it.  I really wanted to hear one great song after another (as in The Bends) but instead was questioning what it was I was actually hearing.  Weird...! I thought.  There are no &quot;singles&quot; on this album, and that bums me too because I would love to hear Thom's incredible voice on the radio again.  That amazing instrument of his is what truly makes this band.  Not making it the focal point of the majority of the songs is doing the band injustice.  Still, as I am a die-hard Radiohead fan, I will keep it in the same high rotation in my CD players as their other albums.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD is the best Limp Bizkit CD of all time it really rules!
0812589041|5.0|This book is the beginning of a series of books dealing with Ender Wiggin. Ender is a gifted young boy taken from his parents at the age of six and raised in a battle school, in space far from his family and friends. Once you pick this book up you will not want to set it down as you follow  Ender through his life at battle school.   I read very little in the way of Science Fiction so when a friend asks me what I am reading and I tell them, they are surprised, until they read it that is. They then understand that this novel goes far beyond the limits of any one Genre and extends into Drama with an insight into Human nature and understanding that only Card can portray. While reading this book you dont follow Ender, you are Ender, which is a key part to the telling of this story.   Ender strives to understand his enemies, be them the teachers, the other students, or the horrific buggers that live in the nightmares of children everywhere. In this yearning for understanding Ender learns that you can not fully understand someone, see them the way they see themselves, and not also love them the way they love themselves. It is the same thing that Card does to the reader because as you grow to understand Ender you also grow to love him, and this is when it becomes more than just Science Fiction.A truly awesome book
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD totally rocks. I went out early the morning it came out to buy it and let me tell you it is awesome. I enjoy all of the songs on it especially The One, The Outro, and The alternate version of Rollin with Method Man, Redman, and DMX. I advise you buy this album immediately because the two singles that are out right now just aren't enough. Compared to the other two albums, it is more like SO, than TDBY, but i likes significant other better anyway. It's got more rap rock, and the song with Xzibit is pretty good too. So what are you waiting for. Buy the CD!
B00000J6AG|4.0|Moby falls into a genre called &quot;techno&quot; that has just been broadened with the release of his latest album &quot;Play.&quot;  More often than not, people will think of techno as just that repetitive, beat-heavy music playing at dance clubs and raves.  In fact, techno is just sampling and synthesizing.  Moby selects a unique genre from which to sample on this album. <br />Play is about soul and feeling, not something his previous albums were known for (although there were certainly exceptions).  Much of it comes from old Gospel songs, as heard in &quot;Natural Blues,&quot; and &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot;  These two songs, like much of the album, combine a clean, synthetic melody with rusty, bluesy samples.  The result is a sound unlike any you'll ever hear, and it's wonderful thing.<br />Bluesy, sure.  But diverse?  Definitely.  The laid back, smooth &quot;Porcelain&quot; has a little bit (but don't worry -- not too much) of Pop influence.  &quot;Bodyrock&quot; has some older rap influence.  The haunting, rather sad &quot;My Weakness&quot; is a spine-tingling finish to a masterpiece of techno.<br />This is a great album to listen to sporadically.  Listening to it all the way through in one sitting might result in a wild array of mood swings.  However, each mood would be explored entirely in each of these songs.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I bought this CD and was I amazed. Every song is a winner. Fred Durst has finally come up with another great album in his sleeve.
B0000507UD|4.0|In the wake of his success we all know that Fred Durst has grown to be about the cockiest musician around. This for some will be reason enough to pass up this album but I would like to say that despite the drastic change from their older style this album is very good and stands alone as a good rock/rap album. Yes, this disk is very different from their earlier work, but, it is hard to improve without change isn't it? If you get this disk and listen to it without expecting something else it WILL grow on you, however if you jump from their first C.D. to this one you will be sadly disapointed by the disappearance of the rock theme and the emergence of the rap theme. But as I said listen to it and you'll learn to like it on its own merits. If nothing else GIVE IT A CHANCE.
B00004YKUX|5.0|This album, complete with rousing covers of U2's &quot;One,&quot; and Tom Petty's &quot;I Won't Back Down,&quot; is vintage Johnny Cash. His voice is at its ultimate gritty growl, and his sparse guitar licks are perfect for the Cash fan or casual music lover. Rick Rubin has done an exceptional job producing this album, and the guests he brings in (Sheryl Crowe, Merle Haggard, Tom Petty) only add to the rich texture of this masterpiece. The only down side to this album is that it makes you yearn, even more, to hear Johnny cover every song in exsistance. He truly makes music worth listening to.
B000002KKS|5.0|I remember buying this album when it came out back in 1980. Being a Sabbath fan, I was prepared for a huge letdown- I bought the album to keep my collection complete. This album was not a letdown by any means. Ronnie James Dio's vocals gave Sabbath a whole new dimension. This was new and fresh for them at the time-something they needed with the departure of Ozzy. Blizzard of Ozz came out around the same time period- this was something new and fresh for Ozzy- something he needed at the time. Maybe the split wasn't such a bad thing after all- it produced two outstanding classic rock albums (and more in the future)
6303269826|1.0|This is a decent movie, but because it follows the same plot and story of &quot;Tombstone&quot; and &quot;Tombstone&quot; is a thousand times better, there is no reason to bother to watch &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  Dennis Quaid  is LAUGHABLE as Doc Holliday, and he fails to convince. In &quot;Tombstone&quot; Val Kilmer displays his incredible emotional range and his part allows him to be serious and hilarious at different times.  Kilmer actually smoked several packs of cigarettes a day to give himself a raspy voice and a sickly appearance.  The chemistry between Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer is what elevates &quot;Tombstone&quot; far above ordinary action films.  In &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; there is little chemistry between Kevin Costner and Dennis Quaid.  The characters are wooden and underdeveloped.  The filmmakers of &quot;Tombstone&quot; took real risks to make the true story exciting and profound, while &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; spends too much time developing its story, so that by the end it has lost its impact.  &quot;Tombstone&quot; is great because it is not afraid to alter history to fit the legend, but &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; is bad because it is too realistic, and realism is not what film is about, if it was then noone would watch.  If you have an imagination and enjoy complex characters watch &quot;Tombstone&quot;, if you are a historian and like to wear tight clothing and study encyclopedias watch &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.
B0000507UD|4.0|Hey Bizkit fans!  Remember how long you waited for the next big thing to come out of Fred Durst's mouth...besides gratuitous obscenities?  That moment has arrived!  Limp Bizkit is rockin' the set in this special edition version of their Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water....anybody know what that means?  It's classic Bizkit, as good as they've ever been.  But they take it one step further, and break new ground as this album pushes them in the position of rap rock masters of the century.  If not convinced, take this into consideration....I didn't even like Limp Bizkit until this album came out.  Now I'm a fan thanks to this awesome cd.  Get it!  Hear it!  Love it!  I promise you will!
B00004XOWM|3.0|Limp Bizkit, with their third, oddly-named title &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water&quot; once again proves to the world they know exactly what to do to make people buy records.  Sure, their music isn't (and hasn't since the first CD) very good, but their catchy rhythms in songs like &quot;rollin'&quot; and &quot;Take a Look Around&quot; will make any rock fan start headbanging at the first listen.  Sure, Limp Bizkit's lyrics sound dumb and dont make sense (On one song, lead singer Durst says the F word 50 times) but the innovative DJ beats of DJ Lethal and catchy chords of head guitarist wes borland make this CD worthwhile.  Oh, and Fred: think of a better name for your next CD.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Chocolate starfish continues where significant other left off.  Limp is growing and their sound is evolving.  You still have a lot of their hard rap/metal songs like my generation though.  All that good stuff still remains.  More diverse stuff is being done as well.  My way is a great song and is the same mold as re-arranged.  Hold on is a great song as well and almost surprising coming from Limp.  Limp keeps growing and Fred Durst keeps showing how he is growing musically and mentally.  If you are a fan or even if you are not, pick up Chocolate Starfish and enjoy.
0767802659|5.0|It took 40 years for Hollywood technology to catch up to this Robert Heinlein sci-fi classic, but the BANG is definitely worth the BUCKS!! If you bought your DVD player expecting thrills to take your breath away, HERE THEY ARE! The special FX and cinematography are truly spectacular in &quot;Starship Troopers.&quot; Although James Cameron's 1986 &quot;Aliens&quot; was closer to Heinlein's &quot;troopers&quot; in the way he depicted those Colonial Marines heading into a &quot;bugfight&quot; (yeah, I'm sure I'm not the ONLY one who noticed where Cameron got the idea), the movie follows Heinlein's paranoid future where citizens fulfill their civic duty by serving in the military and threats to Earth's existence come anytime, anywhere, and does it fairly closely. Casper Van Dien is OK as the lead character, but the script doesn't really develop the character much, or ANY of the characters, for that matter. That said, the reason to own this movie is the SPECIAL EFFECTS!! The nightmarish alien insects and their entire social structure are recreated on the screen with startling effectiveness. And there is action galore when the bugs and humans clash!! This would be one of my top five choices if I were doing a DVD sales demo!!!<br />It's wild, funny, scary, campy and thrilling...and mostly FUN!! Get this DVD and TEST YOUR SYSTEM FOR THRILLS!!
6302824613|3.0|I saw this film when it first came out and was horrified! The fact that five directors had at it was clear.  Too many cooks spoiled this broth. HOWEVER, it is now a wonderful example of a period of time when movie makers often had a lot a money to spend on films, but didn't have much to say. That's OK, as we would get pretty tired of every film being anotherheavy handed masterpiece.<br />Similar to a film of the same year (or very close), &quot;Candy,&quot; it had a huge number of stars who were in it for laughs and (of course) the money. Probably a few parties at night as well.<br />It does manage to capture a certain sillyness of the time that some later movies try to recreate, but fail.  (The best recreation was in the opening scene of the first Austin Powers movie.)  So don't judge it too harshly, jut sit and watch it. Be there. It grows on you.
0780625129|4.0|This movie was brilliant.  I couldn't stop watching this movie.  The reason that I gave it only a four was because there was so much swearing and some UNBELIEVABLE cruel violence.  Like the curb scene which you guys don't really need to know until you see the movie.  But there is one part in the movie that I found was worst was when Derek was in prison but we don't need to tell you about that either.
B000001F7R|5.0|From the heavily distored opening riffs off 'Rock Brigade,' to the slow building and fading of the closing song 'Overture,' there are sensational guitar solos, some amazing druming, and catchy lyrics, set against an all around &quot;Stop, Drop, and Rock&quot; album.        This was produced in an abandoned warehouse in December of 1979 and released the following month. The minimal production is almost non-apparent, and one of the only indications that Def Leppard was running on a very low budget was the absent of there trademark Byzantine guitar layering. But a harder, rawer, sound is what makes this album so esential. Much darker and heavier than any effort after 1983's &quot;Pyromania,&quot; this album is the reason why I consider Def Leppard, together with such late 70's-early 80's bands as Motley Crue and Van Halen to be one of the main influences on later eighties bands like Poison and Cinderella to name a few.         This album has a little of eveything on it: No-holds-barred arena rock can be found on 'Rock Brigade,' 'Hello America,' the live cut of 'Rocks Off,' and 'Satellite.' There is evidence of almost poetic lyrics in 'Answer to the Master,' (My favorite song off the album) and 'When the Walls Came Tumbling Down,' (Which starts off like an english fairy tale narrated by Richard Kyle and progresses in an almost Metallica like prophecy of doom) 'Wasted,' is about a man driven to an almost suicidal drug addiction by a woman, a song that would later come eerily true when their first lead guitarist Steve Clark O.D.'d on Pills and Alcohol. Tracks like 'Sorrow is a Woman,' and 'It Don't Matter,' are angrier and up-tempo precursors to the later hits 'Bringin' on the Heartbreak,' and 'Love Bites.' Overture is Def Leppard's longest song to this date, the guitars fade in and out of complex riffs and slow, melodic, notes. And then there's 'It Could Be You,' non a bad effort, but not remarkable either. The only &quot;C&quot; song in a plethora of &quot;A's.&quot;<br/>    The only thing missing from this CD are the Ballads for which Def Leppard is most famous. But when you are ready to crank it up and get your 'Rocks Off' this the album to do it. And it should definately be in the collection of any Heavy Metal fan. And in fact, just so fans can get an idea of what Def Leppard is truly capable of this album should be sold, as is, along with &quot;Vault,&quot; for it is one of their best.
B00004XONN|5.0|Whoever does not give this album 5 stars doesn't understand anything about music.
B000001F7R|5.0|From the heavily distored opening riffs of 'Rock Brigade,' to the slow building and fading of the closing song 'Overture,' there are sensational guitar solos, some amazing druming, and catchy lyrics, set against the background of an all around &quot;Stop, Drop, and Rock&quot; album.    <br />This was produced in an abandoned warehouse in December of 1979 and released the following month. The minimal production is almost non-apparent, and one of the only indications that Def Leppard was running on a very low budget was the absence of their trademark Byzantine guitar layering. But a harder, raw, sound is what makes this album so essential. Much darker and heavier than any effort after 1983's &quot;Pyromania,&quot; this album is the reason why I consider Def Leppard, together with such late 70's-early 80's bands as Motley Crue and Van Halen to be one of the main influences on later eighties bands like Poison and Cinderella to name a few.     <br />This album has a little of eveything on it: No-holds-barred arena rock can be found on 'Rock Brigade,' 'Hello America,' the live cut of 'Rocks Off,' and 'Satellite.' There is evidence of almost poetic lyrics in 'Answer to the Master,' (My favorite song off the album) and 'When the Walls Came Tumbling Down,' (Which starts off like an English fairy tale narrated by Richard Kyle and progresses into an almost Metallica-like prophecy of doom) 'Wasted,' is about a man driven to an almost suicidal drug addiction by a woman, a song that would later come eerily true when their first lead guitarist Steve Clark O.D.'d on Pills and Alcohol. Tracks like 'Sorrow is a Woman,' and 'It Don't Matter,' are angrier and up-tempo precursors to the later hits 'Bringin' on the Heartbreak,' and 'Love Bites.' Overture is Def Leppard's longest song to this date, the guitars fade in and out of complex riffs and slow, melodic, notes. And then there's 'It Could Be You,' non a bad effort, but not remarkable either. The only &quot;C&quot; song in a plethoraof &quot;A's.&quot;<br />    The only thing missing from this CD are the Ballads for which Def Leppard is most famous. But when you are ready to crank it up and get your 'Rocks Off' this is the album to do it. And it should definitely be in the collection of any Heavy Metal fan. And in fact, just so fans can get an idea of what Def Leppard is truly capable of this album should be sold, as is, along with &quot;Vault,&quot; for it is one of their best.
B000031XCR|5.0|Of all of my Celine albums, I must say this is one of my favorites. With so many hits that we all love, she added a few new/old ones, bringing alive &quot;All the Way&quot; with Frank Sinatra and Roberta Flack's &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;. The pop song &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; spiced things up, leaving us with an all-around great album. However, I must say that the only thing I liked more than the selection of songs is the incredible voice behind the magic.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This new album is one of limps best, the songs are great,so buy it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit has once again outdone themselves by releasing 'Chocolate Starfish and The Hot Dog Flavored Water'. All of the tracks on this cd are excellent. My all time favorite is My Way. The One is a close second. Overall, this cd is great. I suggest this cd to anyone who likes Limp Bizkit.
038533348X|5.0|What is the purpose of mankind? <br /> As usual, Vonnegut has done the unthinkable. He's turned an absurd, worse case scenario into a very possible future. In the future mankinds fight against his own nature has escalated to a point that they no longer have a point. Machines and a few elite run absolutely everything. The I.Q. rules supreme and loyalty is unquestionable. The U.S.A. has fallen away from there onetime belief in the people. Usefullness and happiness has been replaced by convenience. The management of the country can not understand how someone without an electronic dust reducer in their home could possibly be happy. One time daily survival chores have been reduced via machines into a ten minute daily routine. What do you do now. How about head to work for the Recks and Reeks to pointlessly beautify a city that has already been made perfect so you can bring home your thirty dollar a week check. Or maybe you belong to the army and will therefore spend twenty five years cleaning your barracks and marching in parades with your wooden toy gun.   The machines do everything so proficiently that the every day man is turned into little more than a show room slave. Modeling to other countries how good we have it over here. Government gives everyone a meaningless job and a prefab house. There is no hunger, no homelessness, no problems to overcome. Besides, maybe, what to do with your spare time besides sit in a bar and talk about your lack of realistic plans for the future.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This has to be LB's best record... it ranges from hard stuff with killer riffs (&quot;Full Nelson&quot; comes to mind) to softer stuff that is nontheless powerful and effective (such as &quot;The One&quot;). &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; is particularly good, as is &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; with Xzibit, which gives the album a little hip-hop flavor. Overall, an excellent album, one of those rare gems where you put it in, press play, and listen all the way through.
B00004SCX6|5.0|First of all I need to tell you guys I did NOT like Britney Spears when she released her first album. I was actually one of those who bashed her and said she would be gone in a month or two. I have to admit I was probably a little jealous of her but that's in the past now. <br />A friend of mine is a huge Britney fan and she of course bought the first album but I didn't really listen to it back than. It wasn't until I heard Oops I did it again and thought well this is a GREAT song and I didn't know who the singer was until my friend told me it was Britney. I listened to the album one time and I had to rush to the store and buy it because the album was EXCELLENT.<br />Ladies and Gentlemen, Britney Spears has done it one more time and if you compare this album with the first one it definitely an 'all over' stronger album with catchier songs and more power to it.  So Britney may not be the world's best singer, so what!  Madonna isn't either and she managed to stay on top for the last 15 years. <br />But Brit sure definitely prove she has a good voice on the album with ballads as Where Are You Now, When Your Eyes Say It and Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know. Every song is great except one &quot;Dear Diary&quot; which Spears actually co-wrote.  Maybe if I was 13 I would think the lyrics where kind of cute..but NO NO..this song is pretty silly and is the only BAD song on the CD and Britney voice sounds like an 12 year's old or something.<br />If you count out &quot;Dear Diary&quot; all the other songs are truly brilliant. My favorites, well they are all my favorites but if I had to choose the best songs I would pick &quot;Oops I did It Again&quot;, &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;What U See Is What You Get&quot;, &quot;Satisfaction&quot; and &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot;.  If you heard  that &quot;Satisfaction&quot; sucks it totally wrong because it's a catchy cover of the original Rolling Stones song. It's a GREAT road song so I suggest you listen to it while driving. You get in the mood, I promise!<br />So go buy this CD. It's your money!
B00003CX6P|2.0|Despite Oscar-awarded Director and actors, despite beautiful scenery and settings, camera-work and music, the movie was BORING!  BORING!  and I'm very sorry to say that. <br />J Law is OK as a handsome rich playboy (which is not difficult to portray),G Paltrow is insipid and flat (well, as usual, I think),  BUT MOST IMPORTANT M Damon looks repulsive in those awful black-rimmed glasses and inspires not an ounce of compassion or pity. I also didn't notice any strain of him portraying &quot;psychological breakdown&quot;, except if you count hitting J Law with an oar as a breakdown. I think the problem of the movie, as other revieweres have noted before me, was that M Damon was not the one to play the leading role - he doesn't have the spark or lustre. (By the way, I think Christian Bale from &quot;American Psycho would have been OK in this role - he has a crazy spark in his eyes). Even if he tried very hard he would never be able to pretend being J Law, or he'd have to kill the whole town to keep his identity! <br />Too, it seems incredible that so many reviewers find this movie enticing and thrilling! Otherwise, RENT (on a rainy day) and watch this movie, for you can always fast forward the most boring parts...
0156421178|5.0|A vivid account of Orwell's experience as a militiaman in the Spanish Civil War, &quot;Homage to Catalonia&quot; reverberates with Orwell's passion for equality, justice and humanity. According to Orwell himself, &quot;The Spanish Civil War and other events in 1936-37 turned the scale and thereafter I knew where I stood. Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democartic socialism, as I understand it.&quot;<br />The events of that chaotic period clearly influenced Orwell enormously and within the pages of &quot;Homage to catalonia&quot; one can find the reasons why: <br />&quot;I had dropped more or less by chance into the only community of any size in Western Europe where political consciousness and disbelief in capitalism were more normal than their opposites. Up here in Aragon one was among tens of thousands of people, mainly though not entirely of working-class origin, all living at the same level and mingling on terms of equality. In theory it was perfect equality, and even in practice it was not far from it. There is a sense in which it would be true to say that one was experiencing a foretaste of Socialism, by which I mean that the prevailing mental atmosphere was that of Socialism. Many of the normal motives of civilized life--snobbishness, money-grubbing, fear of the boss, etc.--had simply ceased to exist. The ordinary class- division of society had disappeared to an extent that is almost unthinkable in the money-tainted air of England; there was no one there except the peasants and ourselves, and no one owned anyone else as his master. One had been in a community where hope was more normal than apathy or cynicism, where the word 'comrade' stood for comradeship and not, as in most countries, for humbug. One had breathed the air of equality. I am well aware that it is now the fashion to deny that Socialism has anything to do with equality. In every country in the world a hugetribe of party-hacks and sleek little professors are busy 'proving' that Socialism means no more than a planned state-capitalism with the grab-motive left intact. But fortunately there also exists a vision of Socialism quite different from this. The thing that attracts ordinary men to Socialism and makes them willing to risk their skins for it, the 'mystique' of Socialism, is the idea of equality; to the vast majority of people Socialism means a classless society, or it means nothing at all.&quot;
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit sounds phat on this cd. Even though Fred is still rapping, he does a great job at it. Wes sounds real good with his new PRS guitar. Lethal does an awsome job in my generation  full nelson. Johns drumming kicks like always. And Sam is just plain awsome on bass. This CD beats the pants off the toehr two(well mayby not the first but defibitely the second). BUY IT!
0451167716|5.0|The Godfather was a great book and I Couldn't put it down.  I was very sorry when it ended.  I think that Mario Puzo did a great job writing this book.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD is awsome. Even though Fred won't quit Rapping, he atlease does a good job of it. It is real funny to be honest. Alot of teh songs have these real wierd riffs. I like to say that Limp Bizkit is the VAn halen of the 90s(van halen w/ David). Just good feel good music.
B00001U03Q|5.0|I think that this is a great CD! He is an awsome guitarist and he is a man who obviously loves playing the guitar. My favorite song on this certain cd is number five Layla. My least favorite song is Tears In Heaven only because it is such a sad song because the story it's based upon was such a trajic accident. I really like Eric Clapton's music because all of his songs have good meanings to them and he just seems like a really good guy and is always with fund raisers and stuff. This is a great CD.
B00004XOWM|5.0|What can I say Limp just keeps on getting better. From the first song to the end it was total enjoyment. Dursts wity lyrics were great. I would definatley recommend this album to anyone who likes limp bizkit and who enjoyed the last album
630562285X|3.0|Entrapment is by no means a masterpiece and its plot is executed in a more complex manner than it really needs to be, but it's 2 hours of entertainment, featuring some exciting capers and plenty of sex appeal with its leading stars.  There is even a plot twist at the end that caught me by surprise.  Not exactly a frenetically paced thriller, Entrapment always entertains with nary a dull moment.
B00004YKUX|5.0|Johnny Cash has been through hell and back recently and this album sounds like it.  You can tell he has lived a good life but is now accepting that his prime is coming to a close.  The songs on this album are very simple and played with minimal instruments.  There is no percussion on the entire album.  Johnny's voice carries the songs to new levels, especially the cover songs, giving them new life.  The two standouts are 'I See A Darkness' and 'The Mercy Song'.  Highly recommended.
B00004XOWM|4.0|this new cd from limp bizkit is very good..  its not btetter than there older ones;  its kinda different.  I would recomend this cd to anyone who bought 3 dollar bill
B000001OAA|5.0|This is one of my favorite CDs ever so I had to review it on Amazon. :) I saw Garbage in concert when they opened for Alanis and I hadn't known their music then but right away I was hoooked and I went out and bought both CD's. Shirley Manson's vocals are awesome, and the band plays great background music. What's even better is that Garbage's lyrics rock. My favorite songs on this CD are &quot;I'm Only Happy When It Rains&quot; and &quot;Stupid Girl&quot;. The music on this CD will make you dance, and its lyrics will make you think. If you're like me, you'll listen to this CD over and over and over again. :)
B0000507UD|5.0|&quot;Chocolate Starfish&quot; is as heavy as &quot;Three dollar Bill Y'all&quot; and more melodious than &quot;Significant Other&quot;.  In other words, &quot;Chocolate Starfish&quot; matches almost all fans' request and absolutely Limp Bizkit's best album for the moment.  And there're many great guests such as Method Man.  I highly recommend it!! Check it out!!!
B000002I4W|5.0|As a new comer to the wonderful world of jazz, this disk was more than a worth while find. Admittedly, my purchase was somewhat inspired by the Refused's The Shape of Punk to Come album. Needless to say, this record is in a different strata of sound and importance. From the dark mysterious textures of the opener &quot;Lonely Woman&quot; into the next tune, the frantically paced &quot;Eventually&quot;, the listener is guaranteed a dangerously blissful ride through the shadowy jazz of Mr. Coleman. The album maintains its intensity thoughout with some spectacular improvisations and utterly beautiful bass playing by Charlie Haden.
0553573403|5.0|I really enjoyed this book as it incorporated a lot of elements of early medieval history and fantasy. Magic and the fantastical is subtle and mysterious to the characters which helps with the suspension of disbelief and added to the drama and tension of the story. I thought it quite interesting to watch the characters learn more about things that they thought were only superstition.<br />The characters were well developed and I thought more tangible than those in Jordan's books or Goodkind's. The women don't all read like scheming, manipulative charicatures for one.<br />I can't wait to read the rest of the series!
0805062971|4.0|If you don't have any money in ou society, you're nothing. If you don't have a job, you're lost, you're an outcast. If don't have the latest modern car or TV set, forget about it - you're a loser. But TYler Durden changes it all. What a book, what a book. What a movie also !
B000002MTU|3.0|Im not a die hard Clapton fan but when he is on, he can really make his guitar sing. However I think he has suffered by largely lackluster rythym playing and ultimately most of his solo albums miss the mark as a result. This album is much the same. Clapton has some nice solos but the band just never hits the groove. The album really has a &quot;polished studio&quot; feel to it with few of the songs really having a raw energy to them. It makes Clapton's blues less believable. This dooms the album to a dusty spot in my collection and only an occasional nod. That being said, i really cant get enough of his stuff with Cream but of course how could there not be a groove with ginger baker and jack bruce? While i wouldnt recommend buying this album new (buy it used-i know youre gonna buy it anyway), id walk barefoot through a blizzard to catch him live on an inspired night.
B00004YKUX|5.0|I just got this album today.  I think it is great.  The songs have simple honesty.  I especially like his cover of U2's &quot;One.&quot;  The album is not over-poruced.  The quality of the lyrics really shine through.  This album was well worth the wait.
B00004XOWM|5.0|THIS ALBUM RULES!!! Even though their last 2 albums were cool this one has to be 5 times better!!!! Songs like My Generation, Getcha Groove On, and Hot Dog show their true originallity.  The only thing i dont like is the Outro which i dont think is a funny or clever as the others.  But anyway if you like the first 2 albums you'll LOVE this one!!
B00004XQP4|5.0|This CD is incredibly awesome! It has 1 song with 2 curse words and the rest are fine. The band's style has changed so you have to listen to it 2 times to start liking it. GO AND GET THIS CD, YOU'LL LOVE IT!
0679879269|3.0|Like many other readers, I've waited impatiently for this book, and rejoiced when it was finally published. There's much to praise here--the writing is often very fine--but more than a few things to criticize too. The many narratives woven through the book necessitate a great deal of cutting back-and-forth, which Pullman manages much less well than Tolkien, a writer he's often compared to. The multiple storylines also mean that characters are flatter and less satisfying than in the earlier books; people, bears, children, angels, and other creatures walk on and off, on and off. The effect is like a fireworks grand finale: stirring at times, but mostly smoke, loud noises, and flashing lights. Some parts of the book are genuinely wonderful and moving, but it's not up to the level of the first two installments in the trilogy..... I'm also unhappy to see such a fine artist as Pullman stacking the deck in the book's &quot;theology.&quot; Christianity is portrayed very crudely so it can be dismissed with ease, and what's proposed in its place is pretty, sentimental, and vacuous. This defect seriously undermines the entire book.
6305750750|5.0|a) It wasn't as intense and action-packed as the first 3 films.<br />Obviously, this is true. But look at the film for a sec.<br />- It's based 30 years before episode 4. - It's a lot more elegant and peaceful time in the universe. - No one is really up for violent bloodbaths and money is not the major driving force for most people.<br />  &quot;Our security volunteers will be no match against a battle-hardened federation army.&quot;  - Captain Pinaka<br />- The peacfulness was obviously suppsed to be explained toe the viewers visually rather than verbally. Look at the costumes and palaces, etc. You never see anything like that in ep. 4, 5, + 6 because everyone is so caught up in their own personal being rather than functioning as one society as a whole.<br />b) It's childish<br />- I do kind of agree with you here, but I see it as being relevant to make it a childish movie partially to gain a new audience. Remember that fans of these movies are 20+ years older now, and a new wave of Star Wars fans need to be bred. Episodes 2+3 will definately be better for those who were expecting the serious dramatic feel to the first film.<br />c) Special effects<br />- Were there too many? Were they good enough?<br />I don't think there were too many. As long as I can't tell the difference from real + effect when I watch the movie, I'm fine. But were they good enough? In some parts, no they weren't. When Qui-Gon saves Jar-Jar from the big tank right after he lands on Naboo, Jar-Jar's frame totally doesn't blend in to the background, and you can easily tell that he's not really there. Kind of similar to Jabba The Hut in Ep. 4 Special Edition when he talks with Han Solo.<br />d) The plot was no where to be found.<br />- Trust me, once u see episodes 2+3, the plot from ep. 1 will make a ton of more sense. If u don't want to know anything what will happen in ep. 2+3, I suggest you skip this part.<br />- Things like R2-D2 + C3PO having their memories eraced (remember in ep. 4 when they landed on tatooine and had no memory of the planet that they were on so often in Ep. 1? And Owen saying to Luke to have their memories eraced must point to that memory eracing is a common act in the universe), Obi-Wan's reasoning for keeping Anikan's existence hidden, Palpatine's reign of terror in the Imperial Senate, eventually destorying it and starting up The Galatic Empire, Anikan's struggles in training and temptations from the Dark Side + Palpatine, new apprentaces for Darth Sideous, Storm Troopers introduced in place of droids, and a ton more.<br />Note : All these plots movements have come from my own logical deduction. i'm with no way affiliated with anyone on the Star Wars projects, so these are not anything official, but they do make a lot of sense and give you something to look forward to.<br />e) Finally, too much happens by chance.<br />- I totally agree with you here, but for some reason maybe George thought it was neccessary to show how strong Anikan is with the force and doesn't realize it yet. Maybe showing he doesn't know his own strength and thus maybe shouldn't have been trained after all, or something like that. As for Jar-Jar's luck, I can't give any reasons for you there. But the film does get better every time you watch it and the luckiness doesn't really bother you after you get used to it. Expect a more mature and less funny Jar Jar in the next film thanks to his being general of the Gungan army.<br />Anyway, this is a great film, and a great prequel to start off the second trilogy. Can't wait for episode 2.heir memories eraced (remember in ep. 4 when they landed on tatooine and had no memory of the planet that they were on so often in Ep. 1? And Owen saying to Luke to have their memories eraced must point to that memory eracing is a common act in the universe), Obi-Wan's reasoning for keeping Anikan's existence hidden, Palpatine's reign of terror in the Imperial Senate, eventually destorying it and starting up The Galatic Empire, Anikan's struggles in training and temptations from the Dark Side + Palpatine, new apprentaces for Darth Sideous, Storm Troopers introduced in place of droids, and a ton more.<br />Note : All these plots movements have come from my own logical deduction. i'm with no way affiliated with anyone on the Star Wars projects, so these are not anything official, but they do make a lot of sense and give you something to look forward to.<br />e) Finally, too much happens by chance.<br />- I totally agree with you here, but for some reason maybe George thought it was neccessary to show how strong Anikan is with the force and doesn't realize it yet. Maybe showing he doesn't know his own strength and thus maybe shouldn't have been trained after all, or something like that. As for Jar-Jar's luck, I can't give any reasons for you there. But the film does get better every time you watch it and the luckiness doesn't really bother you after you get used to it. Expect a more mature and less funny Jar Jar in the next film thanks to his being general of the Gungan army.<br />Anyway, this is a great film, and a great prequel to start off the second trilogy. Can't wait for episode 2.
6305949980|5.0|When my boy was about 3, I bought this video and he kept watching it over and over. The weird part was I always stopped and watched it with him again every time. Later on, I played the a little bit of a melody from the film on the piano, my boy would turn around and tell me &quot;Nightmare before Christmas&quot;...<br />We certainly plan to own the DVD.
B00004XONN|3.0|This follow up effort from the amazing OK Computer has been some what of a dissapointment for me.  It's not that the guitar driven harmonics are mostly gone, its that I feel that I really have heard most of these sounds before.  I serendipitiously played Primal Scream's Vanishing Point right after listening to Kid A for the first time, and almost did not notice that the CD had changed. The first song on Vanishing Point, Burning Wheel, sounded much like the Radiohead effort and it was released three years earlier.  In fact I thought Primal Scream's work was better and I had a very difficult time admitting that to myself. What's worse, didn't I hear some direct sonic quotations coming from Autechre's collage of dissonant art from the black CD?  I am not bashing Kid A, but rather just expressing dissapointment that this was not meeting my expectations.  OK Computer is one of my favorite works of all time and its not always easy to keep  favorite artists on top of their pedestal.  One more comment to add.  I saw Thom Yorke and Radiohead on Saturday Night Live.  They are still dynamic and engaging in their performance.  I hope that they can carry that energy into work that brings back their creativity and sense of composition.
0553208845|2.0|I was assigned this book by my literature teacher, and just by the name I quickly assumed that it would be a slightly tedious religeously motivated book about some fellow from Asia looking for answers. After reaching chapter 5 I didn't find it boring as much as disturbing. The main character, Siddhartha, seems to be soul searching, though his soul searching doesn't seem to involve morals. I was reading out loud to a friend of mine and was quickly shocked to realize that I was reading out loud Hesse's rather graphic description of a somewhat erotic dream of Siddhartha in which his best friend turns into a female. Aside from the fact that Siddhartha is an egotistical snob, he's also rather permiscuous. His constant speaking on how wonderful he is compared to the rest of the &quot;common ignorant people&quot; is rather tedious to read. Perhaps it's because I had to read it all in Spanish, though this still isn't a book I'd like to read again.
B00004XOWM|4.0|After the disappointing Significant Other, and Wes Borland's rock lessons, this band has gone back to their Three Dollar Bill Y'all$ roots and made a fantastic rock CD. The cuss level has once again increased, and to an unbelieveable level. Kids, I recommend you don't play Hot Dog in front of your parents unless you want the CD taken away...they say the F word about 50 times, and then some. Also, they have improved the length of the tracks, with their first Intro over a minute, and the Outro supposedly says 2:01 but it's really a whopping 10 minute song, with all talk after the music stops. The CD is in total 75:10, the longest CD I have, with Eminem's Marshall Mathers Lp coming in second at 72:18. Now for the song reviews.<br />Intro: Really goofy, not as sinister of a voice, but it's funny so I give it props.<br />Hot Dog: This song will be your CUSS GURU! It's also a good rock song, but Fred Durst has a mouth control problem because he says the F word about 50 times, which is kind of scary, because that's like Eminem level.<br />My Generation: This song sounds just as good edited as it does explicitly. This song has the most rock fuel, but the least clear message. Pretty much the only song with weak lyrics.<br />Full Nelson: What a refrain! It totally rocks! This song is awesome, I love it, and I bet you will too.<br />My Way: This is where the CD seems to get mellow because Fred Durst has a lot of sensitive lyrics that actually have DEPTH unlike previous CDs. In Fred's world, it's his way or the highway. A good listen.<br />Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle): I'm sure you've heard this on the radio. This is another one of the hardest rock songs on the CD, and Fred Durst is just Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin! Hard guitars and heavy bass make this one a great listen.<br />Livin' It Up: Kind of mellow, but it starts off kind of weird, a lot like Hot Dog, but stranger. It's more of a rap song, but I still like it.<br />The One: Not the Backstreet Boys song, mind you! Another soft song, with meaninigful lyrics. Has Limp Bizkit gone mellow?<br />Getcha Groove On: This is a true rap song, especially because it has Xzibit in it. Not my personal choice, but still okay.<br />Take A Loom Around: Yes, this is the same song from the M:I-2 soundtrack. Fred Durst knows why you want to hate him, and this is one of the rocking songs on the CD, and it's one of the best on here.<br />It'll Be OK: Seems like Fred just read a death letter. This song is truly serious, and shows true sorrow. I think he's pretending to be a sorry man.<br />Boiler: ANOTHER mellow song, except for the refrain, which is quite hard rock. Not bad.<br />Hold On: This song has Scott Weiland in it, but that doesn't make it any good. This is the most mellow song on the CD and it doesn't please me.<br />Rollin' (Urban Assault Vehicle): This song has DMX, Redman, and Methodman in it. It's a true rap song, and a really annoying remix. Rap fans only.<br />Outro: The same as the Intro, but longer, and too much talk afterwards.<br />It's still a buy, regardless of the annoyance of the mellow and rap songs. I also have the CD with two bonus tracks that are totally awful, and I wouldn't mind not having. Get it before it sells out.
B00004X01U|1.0|Normally I try to show positive points over artists when I review, but the only positive point is the title song, &quot;Music&quot;. But even that gets boring after a while. This album just plain sucks. I can't believe she can go so far as to use French beats and so many techno bleeps that you can't hear her voice. Please. It's clear that this album needs to be buried<br />SIX FEET UNDER!! Madonna, if you read this, I'm sorry I have to diss your album so much. I love your last CD, but this is too much! Maybe you misunderstood our plea, but for heaven's sake, we don't need a material girl; we need new material!!!
B00004XOWM|4.0|overall, i think this is a pretty phat cd. most of the songs were really good with the exception of a couple of songs. hot dog was a pretty funny song. lol
B00004XOWM|5.0|I LOVE it, its is very very very good!
0140182829|5.0|This is one of those little remembered novels whose remaining fans firmly believe it to be one of the  unacknowledged masterpieces of the 20th Century.  Mervyn Peake's Gormenghast Trilogy and  Halldor Laxness's Independent People inspire similarly fanatical devotion in small groups of faithful  adherents.  In this case though, one of the devoted fans just happens to be the great novelist John  Fowles who proselytizes relentlessly for it, including writing the afterword to the edition I read, and  crediting it as the inspiration for his first novel, The Magus (itself a Modern Library Top 100 entry).  I don't know that I'm willing to join them yet, but all three of these cults may have a point.  At any  rate, The Wanderer, or, Le Grande Meaulnes, to give it the original French title, is certainly a unique  and wonderful book.<br />The Wanderer of the title is Augustin Meaulnes, a charismatic, restless, youth who transfers to Sainte  Agathe school in Sologne and befriends Francois Seurel, whose parents are teachers at the school.  Meaulnes quickly earns the nickname Le Grand, or The Great, both because of his height and because  he is the kind of natural leader who other boys flock to and emulate.  The author portrays the school  as an island, cut off from the rest of the world, and Meaulnes as the castaway who is most anxious to  get off.  He runs away several times and on one occasion has a mystical experience which will shape  the course rest of the rest of the boys' lives.<br />When Francois's grandparents come to visit, another boy is chosen to accompany the cart to town to  get them, but Meaulnes sneaks off in the carriage.  Irretrievably lost, he stumbles upon a pair of young  actors who take him to a dreamlike masquerade ball at a sumptuous estate.  There he meets Yvonne de  Galais, a beautiful young blonde, with whom he becomes hopelessly infatuated.  They spend only a  few moments together and do little more than exchange names, but this fairy tale adventure becomes  the pivotal experience of his life, one which he, with the help of Francois, will spend the rest of his  life trying to recapture, with tragic consequences.<br />Alain-Fournier was the pen name of Henri-Alban Fournier (there was another, already popular, writer  of the day named Henri Fournier.)  The novel is apparently very autobiographical :  his parents were  teachers; the boys supposedly incorporate aspects of his own character; and, most importantly, he had  an experience on June 5, 1905, wherein he, age 18, encountered a beautiful young woman named  Yvonne in the streets of Paris.  This event became a central moment in his life.  He imagined a parallel  reality, or Domain, which we only come in contact with during such transcendent moments and he  became obsessed with recapturing his.  This imbues his writing with a profound nostalgia, a  melancholic sense that those moments of epiphany that we experience can never be retrieved, that the  best parts of life lie behind us, not ahead.<br />Fournier was killed in battle on September 22, 1914, fighting on the Meuse.  Dead before his  twenty-eighth birthday, this was his only finished novel, though Fowles suggests that his letters are  also worth reading.  In a sense, this is a novel that we would have expected from someone who  survived WWI (see Rebecca West's Return of the Soldier), harkening back as it does to departed days  of youth.  His obsession with one event in his life suggests that Fournier might never have done much  more than rewrite this story in subsequent years, but it's useless to speculate.  What we do know is that  he left behind one poignant and haunting novel which, rightly or wrongly, captures the inchoate sense  of lost innocence and opportunity missed that we all feel at one time or another.  Masterpiece or not, it  is certainly unforgettable.<br />GRADE : Are becomes  the pivotal experience of his life, one which he, with the help of Francois, will spend the rest of his  life trying to recapture, with tragic consequences.<br />Alain-Fournier was the pen name of Henri-Alban Fournier (there was another, already popular, writer  of the day named Henri Fournier.)  The novel is apparently very autobiographical :  his parents were  teachers; the boys supposedly incorporate aspects of his own character; and, most importantly, he had  an experience on June 5, 1905, wherein he, age 18, encountered a beautiful young woman named  Yvonne in the streets of Paris.  This event became a central moment in his life.  He imagined a parallel  reality, or Domain, which we only come in contact with during such transcendent moments and he  became obsessed with recapturing his.  This imbues his writing with a profound nostalgia, a  melancholic sense that those moments of epiphany that we experience can never be retrieved, that the  best parts of life lie behind us, not ahead.<br />Fournier was killed in battle on September 22, 1914, fighting on the Meuse.  Dead before his  twenty-eighth birthday, this was his only finished novel, though Fowles suggests that his letters are  also worth reading.  In a sense, this is a novel that we would have expected from someone who  survived WWI (see Rebecca West's Return of the Soldier), harkening back as it does to departed days  of youth.  His obsession with one event in his life suggests that Fournier might never have done much  more than rewrite this story in subsequent years, but it's useless to speculate.  What we do know is that  he left behind one poignant and haunting novel which, rightly or wrongly, captures the inchoate sense  of lost innocence and opportunity missed that we all feel at one time or another.  Masterpiece or not, it  is certainly unforgettable.<br />GRADE : A
B00004XOWM|5.0|This cd is great.What else can I say.We have been waiting a year for a new Limp Bizkit cd and we finally got one.Limp Bizkit does a great job on this cd with their new hits.I love it.I recommend this cd to a Limp Bizkit fan or anyone who likes rock/pop music.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit's CSHDFW CD is simply great.the riffs,bass are awesome.Lead vocalist Fred Durst sounds amazing.Songs worth listening are: 1. Take a Look around (mi:2 theme) 2. My Generation. 3. Rollin'. 4. Boiler.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit is my all time favorite band. significan other is the best cd ive ever heard. chocolate starfish is just as good. every song is enjoyable. from my generation to rollin to itll be ok, every song is great. xzibit guests on getcha groove on, scott weiland sings is hold on, and the album ends on a high note with the hip hop version of rollin, featuring method man, redman, and dmx. this is the best cd of 2000 and is a must buy. LIMP BIZKIT RULES
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is a very good movie and I advise everyone to see the movie. The film was 3hours long, but it was not boring. I especially liked the fighting scenes. The setting was awsome a brilliant film what else can I say
B00000G3PA|5.0|While I fell asleep in Deep Impact who had the same topic about a meteor hitting the earth, Armageddon was an action-packed adventure. This movie is a Jerry Bruckheimer production which almost comes with a written guarantee that it's a well-funded motion picture. Aside from the topic that a meteor is on its way to collide with planet earth, the plot was well thought through as a gang of tough guys (oil drillers, etc.) are hired by the U.S. government to destroy the meteor before the predicted collision with earth. The cinematography and the effects are excellent and it's a blow-away movie supported by a powerful soundtrack. As Aerosmith sings that you don't want to miss a thing, you sure don't want to miss this picture.
6302968143|4.0|I first saw this movie with my children back when it was first released in 1993.  I remember my daughter made her Mom take her out of the movie...i stayed and watched the end.  It was great for Halloween.  Now this week we watched it again...and my daughter sat through it all and thought it was cool.  We just bought it and it will likely become a Halloween tradition.
6305358613|5.0|Of course, the producers of this motion picture didn't follow history exactly to the letter, but this was probably not their intention anyway ... they just wanted to make a great movie against the backdrop of some highly interesting history and they accomplished this the best way anyone could. And in fact, the rough framework of history is still covered in this flick as it shows how Christians were burned at the stake, which did happen, and it shows the tremendous obstacles Queen Elizabeth I had to face to obtain the throne of England. And it was this Queen who led England during her reign from near bankruptcy to extraordinary prosperity. The movie is a great movie and it's actually an intriguing thriller. The costumes are just perfect and Cate Blanchett delivers an excellent performance. This motion picture doesn't have the usual glamour of similar movies set in this era, but instead the set was kept pretty authentic and that makes this movie even more interesting and enjoyable.
0399146253|3.0|Patricia Cornwell could teach Chris Carter a thing or two about beasties who kill and the concommitent conspiracy which surrounds them.  Some of the beasties border on the paranormal, some are more mundane.  The initial pace is glacial, and it takes almost two-thirds of the book for the threads to start hanging together.  We revisit (too) many old villians, old hurts, old lovers, and old conspiracies.  The coincidences abound, and become downright annoying.  To be fair, this is much much closer to the interesting and compulsively readable novels she started with, so read it, and get ready for her next...
0790729628|5.0|I liked that movie ever since its release in the early 80s. I've seen it many times. Before the Director's Cut, there was the original theatrical version which had the voiceover narration of the main character, Rick Deckard (Harrsion Ford), which I personally liked a lot better. It's a dark movie about replicants with human appearance, but a short life span, who are eager to find a way to extend their existence. Rutger Hauer plays one of these robots and its one of his best roles ever. Needless to say, Harrison Ford plays superbly. Blade Runner really reinvented the Sci-Fi thriller genre and brought it back to life. While this movie was already made some two decades ago, it's as fresh as it can be and a lot of contemporary Sci-Fi flicks continue to borrow from this motion picture. The scenery, a futuristic L.A., the concept of humanoids or replicants, flying automobiles, and so forth. The soundtrack is also unique. Sean Young looks pretty good and stylish in this movie, too. And we consider Blade runner to be the ultimate Sci-Fi thriller, which has no match so far.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This movie is one of the most beautifully put together movies of all time.  It has a great storyline that is backed up with great special effects for the time at which it was made along with great acting.  No one could portray a better captain that Robert Shaw.  Every aspect of this movie was put together nearly perfect to create a not only terrifying story, but also a fantastic movie.  It has all the great qualities that any movie critic would ask for in a movie which make this a must own movie, and the DVD only makes it that much better.  The special features added are quirky and fun.  And for someone who absolutely loves the movie, they are must have collector's items. I haven't seen the screen saver due to my lack of computer DVD rom, but I'm excited to try it out myself.  The movie was the first movie to ever break $1 million at the box office, and it still doesn't let any viewers down today.  It's still one of the greatest movies ever created and has definitely cemented it's place in movie history.  A must have DVD for anyone's collection, whether you're a fan of movies or not...after this one, you will be.
6304798482|4.0|This is the first big-bug movie that I have actually liked.  This movie starts out with a fairly harmless beetle created to do good and help destroy cockroaches that carry a disease that's killing children.  Fortunately something goes wrong and these bugs evolve into some infinitely more deadly.  What makes this movies work is you don't get a good look at them until further along in the movie when the heroes begin to figure out what these things are.  Thankfully the special effects are very well done and only add to the horror.
B000007ODM|5.0|I was on vacation in Arromanches, France, sitting at a sidewalk cafe, when this hauntingly beautiful music came on.  I asked the waitress what it was, and she brought the Era jewel case for me to look at.  I was hooked, and vowed to buy it upon my return!  The sound is reminiscent of Enya and of the French group Magma.  The music touches something primordial.
B000000OF6|5.0|Many people seem to think disc one is superior to disc 2, and granted those cuts were culled from Queens' &quot;golden era&quot;, in the '70's.  What many Americans missed was the wonderful music Queen made in the 80's and early 90's due to the fact that American radio ignored most of it.  What a shame!  <br />Listen to disc 2.  There are some amazing songs on it!   The tracks BREAKTRU and INNUENDO are my personal faves and easily match the better-known masterpieces on disc one.  All in all, this is a great starting point to Queens' music that you will keep in your collection for the rest of your life!
0679879269|5.0|Pullman is quite a writer... I'm astonished that I didn't hear about any of his previous works. Why is this book (and series)still classified as juvenile fiction? All I can say is, if you're a thinking adult, dont't be put off by the fact that this is classified as 'juvenile'. In now way does this series compare to other juvenile fantasy works (e.g. Harry Potter and Margaret L'Engle). This series is much more suitable for older people, and can probably only be experienced at full force by someone around 20. While younger children will love the thrilling emelemts of the plot, older people will be struck by the richness and beauty of the series.<br />Both the Golden Compass were grand books that set up the series with immense scope. True, the sheer complexity of the plot couldn;t all be resolved in the Amber SPyglass. Yet the scope of the series is fully realized. <br />People who have read the somewhat difficult (to say the least!) Paradise Lost by John Milton will immediately be struck by the references and the fresh viewpoint this book bings. This is a book about destiny, but it somehow manages to avoid the cliches associated with the theme. A riveting plotline hides the fact that this ook is thought-compelling, rich and, well,  beautiful. <br />Pullman does his best work at the end of the book. The world of the mulefa was vividly imagined, and the images evoked by Mary's story about the marzipan (you'll find out what it is) and later Willand Lyra's love amazed me. I still remember Pullman's words and shudder with delight: &quot;everything about her was soft in that moment, and that was one of his favorite memories... her tense grace, made tender by the dimness...&quot;<br />Read this book, and it will most likely make you think. In this respect it is better than the previous two books.
B000000OAL|5.0|When this album was re-released on CD back in '91, it was exciting enough to have this classic digitally remastered(after having to listen to it on vinyl for years).<br />What blew me away, and still does till this day, was the inclusion of MAD THE SWINE, which had been left off of the original release.  This has got to be one of the best Queen songs of all time.  Why in the world was it not included originally!   This song could have easily replaced SON AND DAUGHTER!<br />Anyway, what matters is that we have it now and it is a preview of much of Freddies genius to come in future releases.  Overall a landmark rock debut by the world's grandest band!
0486282112|4.0|A worthwhile read nonetheless. I just finished reading this interesting and classic work. What struck me about it was not that it was particularly scary, but that it was so very sad. The main characters seem to be truly miserable throughout most of the book, and you can feel the pain of both the monster and the creator as you read. The book is well written and the characters are well developed. The story elements may be well known, but for full effect you have to read the original. I recommend this book and edition absolutely.
0800128052|5.0|This was a great story and even if your not a Notre Dame fan(i'm not), you'll be cheering for the Irish! It's starts out when Rudy's a little boy and tells his family of his dream to play football for the Irish. They just laugh and don't pay any attention, but Rudy's determined to carry out his dream. It then shows Rudy when he's in high school(he was a football player). But he didn't get very good grades in high school and doesn't go to Notre Dame after high school. He then works for four years at his father's work but through out the four years he saved enough money to go to college, he can't get into Notre Dame and instead goes to a smaller college. Rudy works very hard in school and works even harder to accomplish his dream. Rudy is such a Notre Dame fan that he knows more about Notre Dame that the actual students. This movie teaches us to never give up, although Rudy comes close to quitting he sticks to it. I must warn you though that it's a very emotional story but it's a very good one. When you see this movie, remember that it's a true story and that Rudy was a real person. Knowing that, it makes the movie ten times greater. And in the end you can't help from chanting Rudy!Rudy!Rudy! along with the movie.
0593044703|5.0|I have to admit, I haven't read this book (I want to, but being a Uni student means no time or money for fun- I'll wait for it to come to the library). I just wanted to say that I think this book has THE best cover art of any fantasy novel since... well, ever. Can I get a witness?!
B00004XOWM|1.0|I loved Limp's first 2 cds, but i just got home, put the cd in, almost threw up, took it out and i will never listen to this again.  THe whole cd is swares, they lost their talent from all the hype.  Dont waste your money like me. Dont BUY the cd
B00004XOWM|5.0|Let me start out by saying, this album kicks major A--.  Limp Bizkit get's better every album.  It has a great blend of rap, hard core rock, and mellower rock.  &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; and &quot;Rollin (Urban Assault Vehicle)&quot; are sweet rap songs, which feature great artists.  &quot;It'll Be Ok&quot; (kind of reminds me of rearranged) and &quot;My way&quot; are more mellower songs, but are still have hard core parts.  Great tracks are:(2,3,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,14).  My favorite tracks are:(2,9,11,14) Note: The songs that aren't listed as &quot;great tracks&quot; aren't there, mainly because, i haven't had the chance to listen to those.  In conclusion: GET THE ALBUM
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp BizKit,  well what can I say.  The new CD is very much like Significant other.  &quot;Hold On&quot; is very much like &quot;No Sex&quot;.  even with this fact the BizKit rock my house anyday.  The album rocks and i suggest you buy the explicit one.  But also like there old stuff. there is a repeat of &quot;Rollin'&quot;  like there song &quot;repeat&quot;.  i do suggest you get this.  they continue to rock me....
B000001IPL|5.0|The Offspring really put together a spectacular piece here.  There aren't that many albums that you can play straight through and like every song as good as the last, believe me, this is one of 'em.  I used to listen to this CD to pump me up before each one of my basketball games, and it sure as h-ll worked.<br />Check it out!
B00004XOWM|5.0|This Cd is amazing. yet is very similar to Significant Other.  if you are new to there stuff then i suggest you get this CD as it sums up the BizKit,  though they are very egotistic in this CD.  i just can't wait to see if they relase HotDog as a single.  you'll know what i mean when you hear it.  BizKit you rock.
B00004XQP4|2.0|Warning was not what I expected but it is not a bad album. I will expect better next time around but maybe I am bias because I like their old stuff. Anyways, some bands really leap forward when they reinvent there sound but Greenday does not. Radiohead has done an excellent job changing from album to album (see Kid A) please Greenday stick to what you do best and do not make any more songs like &quot;Misery&quot;, I felt like I was in Misery listening to this....hopefully this will be the last album like this they ever make. buy this used if best and do not pay full price like me... they made a fast buck on this disappointing album..... what's sad is it took three years to make it...
0679879269|4.0|Pullman's final book of his &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; trilogy is jaw-droppingly ambitious, full of stunning images and dreamlike scenes that rival any scenes in popular literature.  At the same time, Pullman lets slip his curtain of authorial invisibility and overplays his ideas. Near the end, a sudden outpouring of philosophy nearly undoes all the beauty he clearly worked so hard to create.  In each book of the three Pullman has ratcheted up his scale, and this one opens vistas that are almost overwhelming in their scope: an endless army of angels, an infinity of linked universes, a winding line of refugee ghosts climbing toward daylight.  At the same time, though, Pullman keeps his characters firmly in focus. All the people readers have met in previous books return -- even some who seemed lost for good. A panoply of newly introduced characters are fascinating and complex. His heroes are as plucky and likeable as one could want, his villains are many-faceted (Mrs. Coulter is spectacularly so). Even his walk-on characters have quirks that make them pop to life.  Pullman's writing is clean and limpid, and sometimes reaches poetry, as in the opening paragraphs. As a craftsman and a visionary, Pullman has no equal in the genre.  But in the end, his ambition gets the better of him, and he turns what he must have meant as his masterpiece into a soap box. While I agree with much of what he espouses, I felt a niggling sadness that he felt it necessary to make his point and start meddling in his characters' lives. I wish he had just let his characters be themselves.
B00003BDXG|1.0|The only film that I've seen where I wanted to walk out of the theater.  Is Oliver Stone insane?  Yes, I understand that this was a critical fave and that Stone is a &quot;pioneer&quot; in showing emotion through imagery, but this was too extreme.  I literally had a headache after this film (Stone employs all the different film aspects: 35 mm, 8 mm, B/W, animation).  I wasn't impressed by the &quot;media's sensationalism of crime&quot; message that was subliminally put forth.  Subliminal nothing.  You're knocked over the head with it!  <br />Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis play a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde.  Their crime sprees and murders are documented by Robert Downey Jr who plays a tabloid television reporter.  While the crimes these two commit are heinous, Stone paints them as likable characters (at least that's what he wants the audience to feel).<br />Word of advice: Instead of returning this movie to the video drop at your local Blockbuster, throw it in the trash where it belongs.
6304806434|5.0|&quot;Con Air&quot;, along with a few other recent extravaganzas from the powerhouse production duo Simpson-Brukheimer, is a very slick piece of goods with extremely high production values. Nic Cage (speaking in a sonorous southern twang) plays the role of the embattled ex-con, Cameron Poe, who is on the way to his wife and daughter, on a plane carrying a quirky, surreal bunch of convicts. These include Diamond Dog (Ving Rhames), a black militant and his accomplice, Cyrus &quot;The Virus&quot; Grissom &quot;who claims to have killed more men than cancer&quot; (played by the brilliantly seedy John Malkovich). The cons manage to hijack the plane and Poe (who is small fry compared to the other convicts, since he had only pleaded guilty to manslaughter after a violent drunken brawl) finds himself pitted against the homicidal jailbirds in the struggle for power. The superb, eloquent dialogue (penned by Scott Rosenberg) features some of the most hilarious tough-guy rejoinders and put-downs. &quot;Con Air&quot; is an action film that would appeal to even those who hate action films, even though it contains enough death and destruction to recommend it to the &quot;Die Hard&quot; crowd.
B000002TWN|5.0|I first heard this album back in '95 when it first came out, and what with me just venturing into rnb music at that time (and being only 15 years old then) I really didn't take to this album at all.  I wasn't shy to admit it then, and I'm not shy to admit it now, what I lacked then was maturity in my musical tastes.  <br />Back then all I wanted to do was dance, which is how rnb fit in quite nicely.  My tastes developed into hip-hop pretty much through BIG, Ma$e, among many others.  Still in the dancey stages of hip-hop, that eventually slowed right down towards the mellower/moodier sounds of hip-hop through artists like The Roots, Method Man, Tribe, Slum Village, Common and Gangstarr (again, among others), and through that route came my undying appreciation for soul music, which is where artists such as Maxwell, Eric Benet, Jill Scott and particularly, D'angelo shine through.  <br />D'angelo has constantly stayed true to his roots and to the music that he puts out there.  He breathes life into any track that he features on (particularly Method Man's &quot;Break Ups 2 Make Ups&quot; and Slum Village's &quot;Tell Me&quot;) and is such a credit to the music world.  He is almost a symbol of what music should really about - from his writing, to his producing, to his singing, to the instruments he plays.  With 2 masterpieces behind him, while he is still in his mid-20's, we can only wait patiently for more.<br />I hope that hasn't bored you senseless, I just wanted to put my opinion out there.<br />Thanks for your time.
B00002ZZR7|4.0|if you like hip-hop then you need to get this album, very good from the beginning with funny skits from red and meth.  Both of them together give a great amount of energy to the whole album!  bbbbzzzzz!
B000002TWN|5.0|I first heard this album back in '95 when it first came out, and what with me just venturing into rnb music at that time (and being only 15 years old) I really didn't take to this album at all.  I wasn't shy to admit it then, and I'm not shy to admit it now, what I lacked then was maturity in my musical tastes.  <br />Back then all I wanted to do was dance, which is how rnb fit in quite nicely.  My tastes developed into hip-hop pretty much through BIG, Ma$e, among many others.  Still in the dancey stages of hip-hop, that eventually slowed right down towards the mellower/moodier sounds of hip-hop through artists like The Roots, Method Man, Tribe, Nas, Common and Gangstarr (again, among others), and through that route came my undying appreciation for soul music, which is where artists such as Maxwell, Eric Benet, Jill Scott and particularly, D'angelo shine through.  <br />D'angelo has constantly stayed true to his roots and to the music that he puts out there.  He breathes life into any track that he features on and is such a credit to the music world.  He is almost a symbol of what music should really about - from his writing, to his producing, to his singing, to the instruments he plays.  With 2 masterpieces behind him, while he is still in his mid-20's, we can only wait patiently for more.<br />I hope that hasn't bored you senseless, I just wanted to put my opinion out there.<br />Thanks for your time.
0684853523|5.0|First a disclaimer: I have never read any of Stephen King's fiction, and never seen a movie based on his writing, either. And so I was quite neutral to his merits as a writer when I picked up this book. Having read it I shall probably start on his fiction soon.<br />I am partial to people who have outstanding skills and who are willing to tell how they go about doing whatever it is that they do, and what meaning their skills have to them. I doesn't much matter what the activity is about (playing the yo-yo, or lifting a very heavy weight, or making music); to be told about the training, the devotion to the task, the sacrifices involved, the joys, the pain, and the acquisition of the special skills involved is to listen to the essence of what a human being is all about; and I love to hear about such essence.<br />When the outstanding skill concerns something that we all know how to do but which has been taken to levels beyond comprehension, hearing about it can be breath-taking. We all know how to whistle, more or less. But to listen to a concert whistler (called a \\"siffleur\\") puts that act in a different realm; and it is a joy to hear the story and the problems of a siffleur. That brings us to writers who write about writing, which is what Mr. King does in this book, and which, like whistling, concerns something we all know how to do, more or less.<br />I would best describe the experience of reading this book as spending a wonderful evening listening to a man who knows a lot about things we know only a little: writing sentences; building paragraphs; weaving a story; expressing ourselves; describing the truth; communicating. He occupies our space as a likable, funny, obviously thoughtful, and talented person. A very intelligent one, too. In a simple and personable way he tells us what he does, what his writing quirks are, and about his life and the things he has encountered while living it. The book is a total joy because his voice and attitude are so plain, informative and entertaining.<br />Will this book help people become better writers? Probably so, even though it is not a \\"how to\\" book. Reading it is a fine experience; and just as spending time with a great juggler, or a scientist, or a musician can be awe inspiring, an evening with Stephen King is an enrichment not to be missed.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Gladiator promises the return of the great action spectacle of the 1960's but instead delivers a so-so 90's version of Spartacus.  Crowe is good and the acting is decent but the story is just too long and the action scenes are done in a choppy slow motion style that takes away from any excitment we should be feeling.  Plus the ending is a total downer.  I just love these period epics like Braveheart, Titanic and Saving Private Ryan where the filmmakers decide to kill off the hero for the sake of nobility.  This film's ending is no exception only that it has none of the impact those other films had.  This film is disappointing.  I was rather looking forward to it's release too.
B00004XQP4|3.0|After the creative peak of Nimrod, the boys are treading water with Warning.  Not bad, but it doesn't have the initial impact of their other records.  And all the critics are going mad for &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;... it's a poor man's &quot;Good Riddance&quot; if you ask me.  And the first single &quot;Minority&quot; is average at best (if it was on any of their other records it would have no hope of being a single).  The record sounds good, but the songwriting is lacking and uninspired.  Don't get me wrong... it's not horrible, but I expected a lot more from Green Day.
B00003CXDG|4.0|This Mission: Impossible sequel has more action, a better plot more character and a very good soundtrack.  Much of the action involves Tom Cruise running around Australia trying to stop a killer virus.  That's better than Tom Cruise running around a train trying to steal a government NOC List.  This is good fun.
B00004YKUX|5.0|John R. Cash has frequently presented himself as an outlaw. His songs, often fierce, rarely glorifying, burst with realism and opposed glossing over reality. His voice colored the lyrics with darkness. After a time of illness, Mr Cash returns to us not with an announcement of retirement, not with a farewell, but rather a soulful excursion to the burden of personal seclusion (paradoxically accompanied by guest musicians, such as Will Oldham, Merle Haggard, Tom Petty, Sheryl Crow, and his wife, June Carter Cash), and the sporadic pursuit of contact. In the songs he chose, solitude is not only accepted but faced with strength and defiance. &quot;I'll be what I am / A solitary man,&quot; we are told in one song, and &quot;Until I get something from somebody sometime / I don't intend to do nothing for nobody no time&quot; in another.  Thematically the image of the outlaw is not as unbridled as on previous albums, but it seems to lurk behind every single line of each song. Although in the liner notes he writes, &quot;[a]fter nearly 40 years on the road, prison is ancient history,&quot; it has not faded:  &quot;[Would you] wipe the blood away from my dying hand / If I give myself to you?&quot; &quot;American III: Solitary Man&quot; comprises the melancholy of his 1994 album &quot;American Recordings,&quot; the variety of fellow artists' songs that developed 1996's &quot;Unchained,&quot; and a dash of &quot;VH1 Storyteller&quot;'s informal cozy comfort. With Mr John R. Cash we have a very important man in country and folk music. When he tells his stories in our living rooms, we feel his presence, if only we listen closely.
0792156684|5.0|Romance, action, tragedy, noble characters and great effects.  This movie has it all in abundance.  Titanic deserves all the praise that comes it's way.
B00003CXAQ|5.0|Many people feel that this is the worst of the three, but it is hard for me to say which one I like best.  All three rank highly in my 'favorite movie list.'  This movie is very dark and pretty scary, but the whole last fourth of the movie is all action.  The beginning isn't as fast paced as Raiders but it picks up.  It is very different from the other two because it has an earlier setting and doesn't involve the Nazis.  I think that most people who see it will enjoy it.  If you like this one and haven't seen the other two, I would suggest buying the trilogy because all three are very good.
0684853523|4.0|I've not read a Stephen King book in years, but lately, I've wanted to study more about the craft of writing. I was interested to see what King would have to say.<br />I'd like to preface this review by saying that I was so engaged by King's advice on writing that I went to his website to drop him a friendly note. I was aghast to find that an intuitive response to that website would be, &quot;This man hasn't got time for a letter from a lowly reader.&quot; This took me aback,given the intimacy with him, or at least friendliness, I felt in reading this book,  but didn't really influence my feeling about ON WRITING itself.<br />King has written a two-part book. One is a memoir of his growing-up years. I'd like to suggest that Mr. King not write memoirs. He's dreadful at it. The memoir section is chockful of cliches and attempts at irony that fall flat on their butts. An example of how terrible this section is, is his mother's death scene..... irony at its absolute worst. Dreadfully distracting is his habit of calling his wife, Tabitha, by several names....Tabitha, Tab, Tabby, and within one paragraph, Tab AND Tabby. I suppose this is nit-picking, but in this short a piece, I found it cutesy and disconcerting.<br />Feeling discouraged, I proceeded to the second section, his advice on writing. For a man who says he can't write non-fiction, I found this part brilliant. I learned more from this section in a short book (a short book for King, I should say)about writing than I could have learned in a score of writing classes. There were parts of the  section where I literally laughed out loud. This is a witty man. <br />In the second section, everything was quite clear and well written. The only concept I could not grasp was King's concept of &quot;truth&quot; in writing. He never quite gets across to the reader what he means by this. Other than that, I could not have asked for a more informative or well-written piece on the art of writing. It so excited me that I, in the virtual sense, ran to Amazon and ordered two of the books he uses as examples of bad writing, his point being that we need to read excellent fiction as well as terrible fiction in order to write well. For me, the most impactful part of this section was King's giving permission to the reader to take a huge chunk of each day to write and to read. Prior to this therapeutic persmission of King's, I'd felt guilty doing either. It honestly worked!!!<br />My only real criticism of this second section is really a compliment. I wanted more, more and more.<br />The next section was a surprise for me. In it, King relates the details of his terrible accident and its aftermath. I didn't expect it in this book. Interesting to note is that King states he wrote the memoir before his accident, and the piece on actually writing during his painful recovery. I say this is interesting because I found the latter far superior to the former.<br />There is a fourth mini-section, where King shows the reader an example of editing, and this is quite informative.<br />The last section is a reading list of the books he's read (in the past year, I think) lately. While I wasn't moved to run out and order any of them, I found this very interesting background information.<br />If I were King, I would have cut the memoir and cut right to the chase of what is best and brilliant about ON WRITING ....the craft of writing as King sees it.
0679735909|5.0|Part mystery, part homage to classic literature, Possession is definitely a modern classic.  The novel's plot builds slowly so that the patient reader is rewarded with several interesting twists.  The characters are sharply developed and complex while the structure of the novel (in which two separate love stories unfold) adds to the intrigue.  Anyone interested in the study of Victorian literature will be pleased with this novel.  Furthermore, anyone searching for a romance that does not wallow in trite dialogue and cliches, will enjoy this literary masterpiece.
B0000399WC|4.0|It is odd that Franklin Schaffner, the director of PAPILLON, is not better known. Repeated financial success and an Academy Award would, one would think, draw attention to his work. His best films, of which PAPILLON is an example, are visually handsome and thematically sophisticated. While it may seem perverse to call a film elegant in which one character is guillotined in close-up, another maims himself with a knife (again, in close-up), another eats insects because he's on starvation rations, another vomits in extended detail then gets beaten for it, and on and on, it is nonetheless the most appropriate word to describe the effect of Schaffner's coolly understated style.<br />Such incidents are neither sensationalistic nor unmotivated, but you can be forgiven for thinking  that PAPILLON is an escape film in which the filmmakers have mixed feelings about getting their hero out of jail. The escape scenes have snap, but it is clear that Schaffner is far more interested in prison life in French Guyana. The prison camp was meticulously reconstructed for the film and we are spared few details of its functioning. As if to prove just how exact the sets are, shots of the ruins of the prison appear under the end credits so we can compare them to their surrogates in the film.<br />Such literal mindedness hampers Schaffner in the embarrassingly stolid dream sequences. When focused on the rhythms of the everyday, however, the method is almost abstractly precise. Close to a half hour is devoted to Charrière's solitary confinement, for example, yet as the camera moves back and forth relentlessly in the tiny cell with McQueen, Schaffner makes the sequences harrowing and compelling. You might prefer to be elsewhere, but you're never bored. (On the other hand, during the film's one respite, an extended sequence without dialogue when McQueen is taken in by a group of Central American pearl divers, you don't want to be anywhere else, you want to sign up.)<br />Schaffner was something like an American David Lean. They shared a similar Monumental Realism, a flair for widescreen composition and a fascination with the interactions between character and history. (Schaffner's films tend to be a bit more emphatically about power. The screenplay for PAPILLON, for example, was co-written by ex-Communist Dalton Trumbo, and his THE BEST MAN focuses on a political convention.) Perhaps with a re-make of PLANET OF THE APES on the way, his work will draw more attention. Films like PAPILLON prove they are more than worth it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizket and Fred Durst have done it once again with this CD. I have all of Limp Bizket's CD's and I think this is by far the best one. This CD has two versions of &quot;Rollin&quot;, my favorite song of all time. And alot more great songs. If you are thinking about buying this Album DO IT! This is a great CD and I definetly recomend it. So go ahead and click that order button on Amazon.com
B00003CX7L|5.0|hey y'all my name is Danielle Atwell a 14-year-old girl from tulsa.ok.usa and i love &quot;toy story 2&quot;its sooo cool i love jessie she is so cool and buzz and woody are cool too!my lil'sister (who's name is jessie too)jessie and i loved &quot;toy story 2&quot; we say: WE LOVE IT! and WE LOVE YOU JESSIE!
0345360338|4.0|Those who read and liked Penman's When Christ and his Saints slept will like this novel as well.  I found it a bit disappointing after reading Here Be Dragons, the first book in her Wales trilogy.  Like I say in the title of this review, what Falls The Shadow lacks in romance, it more than makes up for in politics.  War after war, battle after battle, the fights never seem to end.  (I know, in history, they didn't.)<br />Also, most of the characters that I grew to love in Dragons were all killed off in the first part of the book.  Time moves much faster and children grow up much quicker in this sequel, which makes it difficult to fall in love with many of the characters.  Of course, we love Simon, who is the main character.  Nell doesn't appear as much as she should, I believe, and the book mostly concerns itself with political discussions and debates.<br />I do, however, admire Penman's efforts to make the novel appeal to a modern audience.  Her grasp of language is impeccable, and the book discusses modern themes, such as democratic reform and Anti-Semitism (which, by the way, is rampant in Medieval England.)
B00004XOWM|3.0|Ok, I am a huge limp bizkit fan and I've been waiting for this cd since last may, but it kinda fell short of my expectations. Even though I'm not a real fan of &quot;My Generation&quot; I was hoping that the other tracks on the album would go back to their harder Three dollar bill style.  But, they don't. The album sounds like it was  recorded during the same sessions as Significant Other.  Don't get me wrong, I loved Significant, but I was hoping for some growth as a band rather than the same old thing.  I guess they did kinda expand their styling a little, just not in the direction I had hoped for.  All in all, this album is definitely worth buying.  I confess it does grow on you the more you listen to it.  Without a doubt, the best song on the album is &quot;My Way.&quot; It just really stands out.  My only other criticism was the sampling of other songs.  The track &quot;Livin' it Up&quot; would be really good if the sample of Don Henley's &quot;Life in the fast lane&quot; didn't interrupt the chorus.  Also, &quot;Hotdog,&quot; which is a good song, would have been better minus the Trent Reznor-isms.  Overall, this is a good cd.  I guess my expectations were a little too high.  I wanted something a little heavier, less pop, more screaming, less singing.  I don't know, you decide.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I give them full credit for placing reasonably advanced concepts in their songs; the hypocrisy of the American political system in its pledge to represent the entire people, the hold of the advertising culture that we allow to tell us who we are, the violence against the voiceless that we successfully ignore.<br />Their music also is inventive, given the limitations of loud punk and hardcore.  The reason why you can actually listen to them and Bad Religion and bands like them is that they produce variety in their music, even with just one guitar, one bass, one voice and one set of drums.  &quot;Sleep Now In the Fire&quot; and &quot;Mic Check&quot; particularly exemplify that on this recording.<br />A few things to remember, though...<br />Rage Against The Machine works for a record company, Sony/Epic.<br />Demographics tells Sony/Epic that people between the ages of 13 and 21 buy more CD's than any other age market, and that they are more prone to anger and alienation than previously.<br />Demographics also tells Sony/Epic that loud punk sells very well to angry and alienated people between the ages of 13 and 21.<br />Rage Against The Machine's music speaks to the anger of people who will pay money for the product of Sony/Epic.<br />Read the books that they talk about, if your rebellion isn't just a fashion statement.
B0000025YW|5.0|i first got introduced to this album in high school by a classmate who recorded the title track for me along with a bunch of other songs on a cassette tape. next thing i know, accept gets my attention by grabbing mine in a vise grip and then hops into my music collection. accept isn't a band, it's a way of life.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Chocolate Starfish and Hot Dog Flavored Water is a great CD.  From dance-worthy tracks like &quot;Rollin',&quot; &quot;My Generation,&quot; and &quot;My Way&quot; to surprisingly slower songs like &quot;The One,&quot; this CD lives up to the last one.  Definitely buy it, if not for every song, but the fact that they're offering a special promotional scheme where 12 winners who buy golden CD win backstage passes for life!
B00004XOWM|3.0|I just picked up this cd a few hours ago and after a few torough listens I think that Significant Other was better. These lyrics aren't clever or funny. And they definately aren't &quot;deep&quot;. The only thing that is better on this album than on Significant Other is the drumming. Now there is some real talent. But I will now take you through the songs. All the ratings are out of four.<br />1: Intro - Well, it's the intro. 2/4.<br />2: Hot Dog - Starts with a nice beginning of roaring guitars but then processes into a ripoff of NIN lyrics and a counting of the f--- word. But the guitars and the turntable sound good so it gets a 3/4.<br />3: My Generation - If you listen to MTV you have probably already seen this song. It has a nice riff but some the lyrics don't go too good with the music. 2.5/4.<br />4: Full Nelson - I don't like this song too much. I think they are overdoing on the turntable and the doing to soft drums. The lyrics are kinda weak but better than the first two songs. 1.5/4.<br />5: My Way - Some of this song is pretty good but I don't like the &quot;my way or the highway&quot; chorus. Pretty decent overall. 2/4.<br />6: Rollin' (Airraid vehicle) - This is your basic Limp Bizkit song buy it still misses something from the first two albums. I don't really dislike it but it could've been much better. 2.5/4<br />7: Livin' it up - This song is pretty good. Nice guitarwork and Fred Durst has reasonable lyrics for once. 3/4.<br />8: The One - This track is kinda sad and almost meaningful. It sounds pretty good for an hiphop oriented track. Just for the bassguitar and lyrics it gets a 3.5/4.<br />9: Getcha Groove On (Feat. Xzibit) - I really hate this song. If you want pure hiphop buy a Dr. Dre album or something 'cause this thing really sucks. 0/4.<br />10: Take a look around - This is easily the best song on the album. It has the nice MI theme and just sounds good. Fred sounds good and Wes really rocks. This deserves a 4/4.<br />11: It'll be okay - Mellow song. Sounds rather good. Nice lyrics and good beat. 3/4.<br />12: Boiler - Nice song, a bit strange though. My only big gripe with it is that the mellow peices are to long. Pretty good overall, 3/4.<br />13: Hold on - Too mellow for it's own good. Too weak really. And the lyrics aren't very good either. 1/4.<br />14: Rollin'(Urban assault)(Feat. Method man, DMX &amp; Redman) - Very uninspired. Too many guest artists and no quality music. 0/1.<br />15: Outro - Pretty funny track. I like it. 3/4.<br />So in conclusion, do I like it? Well...the last album was better. If you you have a lot of money or are a Limp Bizkit fan I say go for it. Otherwise: You already see the best of it on MTV.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I've been waiting for the Limp Bizkt CD for a while and now that I have it I don't regret it at all. They are the best, especially Wes Borland who's a total hottie! I've been playing &quot;My generation&quot; and &quot;Rolin&quot; 24/7. But make sure you get the explicit version.
B00003CXE7|1.0|Gladiator is far, far less entertaining than the big sword'n'sandal epics from the fifties and sixties. Russel Crowe's Maximus could have been far more imposing as a character than he is now (he spends most of the film as a brooding wimp). Joaquin Phoenix's Commodus is a weak, immature villain who never really poses a major threat to the hero. The story is full of illogical events, the CGI recreation of Rome is dodgy, and the historical context... well, the less said the better. And the fight scenes are shot and edited in such a way that they hurt the spectator's eyes AND it is nigh impossible to make out what is going on (with the exception of the final duel, where the freneticism makes place for more traditional camerawork; unfortunately, it isn't a very suspenseful or exciting one). I'm probably giving this movie one star less than it deserves, but nevertheless I was very, very disappointed. Anthony Mann's Fall Of THe Roman Empire wasn't perfect, but it treated the same historical subject matter in a much better way than this.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Which shouldn't be considered a bad thing, as long as you enjoyed Significant other. With the release of significant other, limp bizkit decided to evolve and go for a more well rounded sound. They continue this tradition with chocolate starfish. Many of they songs even use bits and peices from previous songs. The cd starts out with their usual non-associated intro, providing more of the same robotic sounding voices. Then moving on to hot dog, which sets the tone for the rest of the cd. Rock mixed in with rap. Overall its a very good album with the exception of 1 or 2 songs but If you liked significant other you'll love this.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This album is simply awful. I didn't think Limp Bizkit could get much worse after Significant Other, but they have proven me wrong with their newest album. Musically, it's the same thing over and over, with no real originality in any song. Lyrically, Fred Durst shows his stunted vocabulary focuses around the 'F' word, making sure to put this in every line of every song. On this album, you can start to hear the repetition of the same phrases over and over, because Fred has nothing in his empty head to work with. This album represents a rap album, where the music is not strong enough on its own, so the services of a more talented individual are called upon to try to salvage something. The overuse of guest appearances on this album show how weak the songs really are.  I don't think Limp Bizkit has anywhere else to go after this album. This style of music is dying fast, and hopefully Limp Bizkit will too
B00001OH7O|5.0|a truly great album. i think that this , along with the man who sold the world is even better than the great ( yet overrated) ziggy stardust album. not a bad track on here, the highlights for me are andy warhol, song for bob dylan, oh you pretty things and life on mars but there are other great tunes as well, such as quicksand. this is a very diverse record even by bowie's standards, everything from hard rock, to balladry , to velvet underground pastiches are found in the record. this  album is a superb achievement for bowie.
079074841X|3.0|I think this is a film I ended up wanting to like even though it veered off course several times and made me wonder whether the director knew where he was going. What made me hang in there were the performances of Kidman and Cruise (though I thought there wasn't enough of Kidman!). Both exude a very strong screen presence and have plenty of chemistry together (surpise! surprise!). It's one of those films I would sit and watch again to try to understand it better and to figure out exactly what Kubrick ultimately was hoping the viewer would come away with -- and why he had such a hard time conveying his message.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is Limp's Best CD yet!!  This is definatly a must have!! All the song are really cool, and they are going to be hits!!  Don't miss this one, it is Limp Bizkit at it's best!!!
B00003CXDV|1.0|Yuck! I can still taste this movie. <br />Hollywood is still at it: putting all the budget into special effects, and nothing into a decent script. I could've written a better script while taking using the restroom. <br />Now, why did I watch this thing? Well, Sigourney was looking pretttty cheeeeeky in those commercials. And the special effects looked impressive. As for Tim Allen, I never much cared for him; matter of fact, he's not even talented enough for public-access TV. <br />So, looking at Sigourney and the special effects, I sat down eagerly for this movie. Then boredom went through me like a catheter. And later pity. First self-pity, then pity for the poor actor who played the villain in Die Hard; and here he is playing third string in this noxious bit of cow-fodder. <br />The only other merit this movie has is as a cure for insomnia. <br />Boredom, they name is Galaxy Quest.
B00004X01U|5.0|And what else would we expect from Ms.Ciccone to keep her audience on its toes?  Not one of her albums has been remotely like another, and &quot;Music&quot; is no exception.  Another breath of fresh air that I can't hear enough of...totally original and great to crank up on a really good pair of speakers.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I just got this album but it's the best ever. I can't belive how good a job these guys did. Fred Durst and his boys did it again.This album is allot better then the first two. The tracks ''Rollin'' and ''My Generation'' are the best songs on the album. Buy this CD it's really good.
B00004XONN|2.0|i like the radio, and i love head, and up until this point i didn't mind the combination of the two.  With the release of KID A, I couldn't wait to get it in my cd player, cause &quot;hey!&quot; I thought, &quot;Radiohead rules!&quot;. Upon placing the cd in my compact disc player and giving it a whirl all I can say is that I was amazed--- at how utterly terrible it was.  I bearly heard any lyrics and the songs had no closure, basically the album lacks any likable qualities that are essential to listenable music.  A couple of times I was convinced I had switched Radiohead with &quot;sounds of the rainforest&quot; or &quot;whale music&quot; or something else that will help put you to sleep, or in this case inducing a coma.    Sure most of you will say that I just don't &quot;get&quot; Radiohead, or that I lack creativity or an artistic mind, or I should expand my mind.  Verdict: lame.  The Bends was an amazing album and OK Computer was a classic.  But I'd rather listen to &quot;Hot DOg Starfish&quot; or whatever the new Limp Bizkit album(used loosely) is called, then suffer through KID pAin again(just kidding, anything is better then limp bizkit).  As far as Radiohead goes, bring your cassette recorder to the seashore, press record, and save yourself the $, and your time.
B00004XONN|5.0|One cannot be a lover of Radiohead and remain indifferent to this album.  The more one becomes absorbed into the music - from the heartachingly beautiful &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; the jazz-infused &quot;National Anthem,&quot; or the indescribably infectious &quot;Idioteque&quot; - the further one falls in love.  Radiohead has produced a piece of art that can only be termed unconventional, in a way that only Radiohead can be.  And brilliant.<br />   Of course KID A is no OK Computer or The Bends.  But why complain?  Would people TRULY be happier with a repeat?  I, for one, cannot fathom it.  This album - this pure, transcendental place - is the only place Radiohead could have gone without disappointing.  If Thom Yorke and Co. had travelled the same plateau since Pablo Honey, would they have progressed at all?  Would anyone have even cared?  This band is about growth, atmosphere, and experimentation, and never at the cost of musical integrity.  Those of us who follow Radiohead like drooling fiends have learned not to expect anything - rather, we only trust that what they create will be superbly unlike anything we have ever experienced.  And it always is.
B00004X01U|2.0|I know that most people appear to love this album, and apparently, it has gotten great reviews. While I have to admit that she is somewhat of an innovator, and while these are new tunes, I have to agree with some of the critics that they are also kind of lame tunes that are not all too catchy. Sorry, but Ray of Light was a million times better...but hey, á chaqu'un son gout, as the french like to say....<br />JM
B000002N3N|5.0|The Memory Of Trees begins with the stunning titletrack, a great mix of voices and instrumental sounds, this is one of Enya's best songs. Anywhere Is has a great rythm and is catchy. Pax Deorum is a latin song and very haunting. It's like you're in a storm finding a place to schelter. The fourth song is Athair Ar Neamh; it's sung in Gaelic, I think. I see that it means &quot;Father In Heaven&quot;. Thank you other Amazon reviewer! From Where I Am is an instrumental track and it sort of lulls you to sleep. Then there is China Roses, a very romantic song about a dreamlike world, a sort of dream, I think. Hope Has A Place is another highlight of this record. Just great lyrics, and a soothing atmosphere. Thea House Moon is another instrumental track. It's not my favourite track, but still good. Track number nine is Once You Had Gold. Listen carefully to the lyrics again, just magic. La Sonadora is a spooky ballad, sung in Spanish? I don't know, but another highlight of The Memory Of Trees. And then there is the final track, On My Way Home. On Paint The Sky With Stars.. The Best Of Enya, you can hear the edited version. This one is longer and much more beautiful. A great ending to one of the best cd's ever made!
B00004U2GH|5.0|While the anonymous reviewer &quot;from the USA&quot; clearly knows his Cash, I couldn't allow his casual dismissal of Elvis Presley as a &quot;southern-black soul&quot; pretender compared to Carl Perkins' real deal to go unchallenged. For the record, I am a fan of both performers, and both--as Delta natives--came by their influences honestly. Of the two, Presley was much more steeped in the blues and gospel of Southern blacks. I would only direct the critic to Peter Guralnick's exhaustive award winning double volume Elvis biography, which details Presley's devotion to the musical roots he clearly acknowledged. Beyond that, I have listened for hours to both Perkins and Presley, as well as the great southern soul singers--from Otis, Al Green and O.V. Wright to Percy Sledge, Sam Cooke (a native Memphian) and lesser knowns like Paul Kelly. Perkins and Presley, to these ears, drank from the same well. I can assure you, Eric Clapton--along with Lennon, McCartney, Tom Petty, and just about every other rocker to come down the pike in the last half-century--would beg to differ with this gentleman's off-handed dismissal of Presley. Of course, as the biggest star in the history of popular music who's public persona often left him an easy (if misunderstood) target, these kinds of cheap shots are all too common.
B00004YKUX|5.0|Johnny Cash is back but yet he never left did he?  He has come back to save us from the Britneyization of America with an album that, as always, speaks the truth about life.
B00004XONN|4.0|This CD is not for everyone's ears.  <br />It is definitely ambient, and certainly more ecclectic than anything they've released yet. There're no tracks on this album that will get radio air time, except perhaps Optimistic, simply because the music is much bigger than that. It's a compliment. <br />Upon first hearing Kid A at a friends house, I thought to myself 'this is something that not many have the courage to do in music today'.  In a day when 'alternative' music has become a cliche', Radiohead has entered new ground regardless of what people or even the genre itself is used to. As though they have gotten to a point where they have amassed enough revenues to keep the record exec's happy and are taking free poetic license to experiment as they see fit.  More power to them.<br />I'm glad for this new CD (the sonic structures within are well conceived and elaborate.  The song writing is good, and the production is excellent, as always.) ~ I'm also glad that not everyone likes it, and that it's under suspicion, so to speak.  Kid A is something else.  Rather than trying to repeat the widely acclaimed 'feeling' of OK Computer, the band seems to have entered a place with Kid A that sets them apart from everyone, perhaps even their own fans, to a certain degree. The negative reviews that it's recieved are mainly from people who were expecting an OK Computer revival and got left hanging in the wind. I imagine that they'll come back around eventually and change their view. It's like a joke, either you get it or you don't.  And if they don't, who cares?<br />EXPECT NOTHING!  And then, listen to Kid A.
B00004XOWM|5.0|IVE WAITED FOR THIS ALBUM FOR ABOUT 3 MONTHS AND BELIEVE ME IT DOES NOT DISSAPOINT! SOME QUALITY LYRICS FROM FREDAND GUITARING FROM WES. EVEN GET A RARE APPEARANCE FROM XZIBIT (FORMERLY ON DEATH ROW BOOKS) THIS IS ONE TOP ALBUM
B000023VR6|2.0|This album by Dre does not live up to the expectations I had.  It's not even close to being as good as the original Chronic.  The problem with this album is its excessive production---Dre perfected it too much.  It's produced much like an R and B album in my opinion in terms of the production but I guess that's why its been so commercially accepted.  The 8 years between albums showed.  In a time where rappers take too little time between albums, Dre took too long.  The rawness of Gangsta Rap is lacking in this one.  I hope he sticks to producing for Snoop and Xzibit from now on.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Once again, Limp Bizkit is on the cusps of rock and rap. There third album fusses acts as Xzibit, Redman, Method Man, DMX, and a bonus CD featuring Run Dmc it to a smashing montage. Unlike the past records for Bizkit, Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water is solid from star to finish. However, there is a new side with harder hitting lyrics and some mellower melodies that are funky and hip at the same time. For any alternative genre censure, this Album is not a one or two hit album, rather a clear Grammy winner, rollin, rolin, rollin, rollin...to the bank.
B000002U82|5.0|I'm only 18 years old.  Ok Computer by Radiohead is my all time favorite album.  I started litening to Floyd about 6 months ago. Dark Side of the Moon has become my all time second favorite album.  These guys are so awesome.  This is their best album and will probably go down as rock's best 250 years from now.  If you're a Radihead fan (like me) buy this one.  And for all you Floyd fans buy Ok Computer.
6300213714|5.0|I also saw the other opening sequence when I was very young back in the early eighties! This remains one of my favorite action movies ever, along with the Wanderers. Someone solve the mystery of the missing scene.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I remember I was so upset when I heard that they were making a sequel to Toy Story. I knew that they would mess it up and ruin the whole thing. They did an absolutely fabulous job. You wouldn't think that they could think of another pluasible reason to send toys on a long cross country hike but they did. This is not only a great movie with terrific graphics, I think it's the greatest sequel of all time. It's only rival is The Empire Strikes Back, the amazing #2 in the Star Wars Series. This movie was even better (if Possible) than the first. Everyone should get it.
B00004XQP4|3.0|After discovering Green Day back in 1991 and, like everyone else who was there, instantly falling in love with their infectious sound, I remained a fan for several years. 39/Smooth was an instant classic in my book. Kerlpunk, close to it. I loved Dookie, but took note of the fact that they'd gone into a more &quot;punk rock&quot; direction than their earlier stuff, which was... I dunno, it was always punk, but with more melody and pop. I also liked Insomniac, but it sounded so much like Dookie... heavy, chunky guitars and sometimes generic riffs. I have to admit that I lost interest in Green Day sometime after that. I never did buy Nimrod.<br />Well, last week I was listening to the radio and heard &quot;Minority&quot;. I instantly knew it was Green Day, and I loved it. That night I went to the record store and bought both Nimrod and Warning. My verdict? I really regret not buying Nimrod back in 1997... I think it may be their best record. Warning has a few good songs on it, but overall it comes off as a weak album to me. I think it's great that Billie Joe is experimenting with new instruments and sounds. (And obviously listening to a LOT of Beatles records, especially the pre-1967 stuff.) But I think he brought them into the mix at the expense of his usually impeccable songwriting. I'm sure the next record will hit the nail on the head.
6304415346|5.0|&quot;First Contact&quot; is certainly the best of the three Generations movies (&quot;Generations&quot;, &quot;First Contact&quot;, and &quot;Insurrection&quot;), and perhaps even the best of all the star trek movies.  There are many reasons for this, but the single reason that stands out is Alice Krige's SPECTACULAR performance as the devilishly seductive yet disturbing Borg Queen.  Her portrayl is nothing short of brilliance.  The Borg Queen's scene with Data is worth the price of the video.
B00004Z311|3.0|It is good to see,and hear,the movie &quot;Legend&quot; with the original and brilliant score by Jerry Goldsmith.Can you believe that studio executives would be foolish enough to cut this score by one of America's greatest composers?It makes you wonder how they think(grey &quot;suits&quot; with their grey thoughts).Legend has great music and photographic style which make up for what is a slightly disappointing story.And a young Tom Cruise wasn't yet up to the lead role in a film.Still,the film has some memorable scenes with a mixture of the beautiful music and cinematography.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I bought this CD the day after it was released because I've been waiting for this to come out for years.  I think this is the second best peice of work by Green Day since Dookie which was released back in 1994.  Now I'll share my oppinion on each of the twelve tracks on Warning.  The first, called Warning, is a song that has a similar flow to &quot;Nice Guys Finish Last&quot; which is on Nimrod.  Some good lines it has are, &quot;Or shut up and be a victim of authority&quot; and &quot;Is it the cop or am I the one who's really dangerous.&quot;  This song is okay.  The next song is very similar to &quot;Hitchin' A Ride&quot; on Nimrod.  It's a great song dealing with pity for a guy who's, &quot;bound and gagged to a chair.&quot;  The chorus on that song is exceptional.  &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; and &quot;Fashion Victim&quot; are two good songs too.  They're a little bit different though.  &quot;Castaway&quot; has a sound to it that you'd find on any song on Insominac and deals with a loner trying to fit in.  Its like a mixture between &quot;Stuck With Me&quot; and &quot;Geek Stink Breath.&quot;  Now &quot;Misery&quot;, which is the sixth track on Warning, is the strangest song I've ever heard from Green Day.  It sounds like a song Slim Shady or anyone in the pop business would do.  This song deals with peoples' struggles and failures.  &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot; is a song with a strange message I haven't figured out yet.  &quot;Hold On&quot; is a song written by Billie Joe about a friend who had several loved ones die in a year.  This song has a great beat to it and an excellent use of metaphors and rhyming (like ear and presevere).  The next song sounds like something out of Dookie, Especially the song &quot;Safarassas Roots.&quot;  Waiting is an excellent song about waiting for &quot;the moment&quot; to come along.  Track 11, &quot;Minority,&quot; is the best fast song on the whole alblum.  This song is one of those songs you'll have stuck in your head for weeks.  The good thing about this is that it's a good song.  It deals with others forcing their beliefs on you and not being trendy.  The last song, &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;, is the best song on the CD.  Similar to Nimrod's &quot;Good Riddance(Time of your life)&quot; it has a very possitive way of looking for &quot;a brand new hope.&quot;  This song will definately touch your sensitive side with a light of hope which was described by the band before Warning came out.  It's the first time Green Day has had a song with this message to it.        I believe that you'll enjoy this record more than I do.  I usually listen to it once or twice a day, and it never gets old.  I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I did and embrace it's melodies and hidden strategems.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I have been looking forward to this cd since the moment I heard about it, which was at least 4 months ago now.  Once I heard Rollin and My Generation I got even more excited.  So today, right after school I went and picked it up.  And just...wow!  Definatly not a disappointment in any way.  The first half of the cd concentrates more on the familiar Limp Bizkit, loud, head banging, angry beats.  The second half slows it down with a few more melodic songs.  While this may upset a lot of hard core fans (I consider myself one as I bought Three Dollar Bill Y'All before Faith hit it huge) I think it's a great part of the album.  After numerous listens I would say that my current favourite songs are : My Way, Livin it Up and Hot Dog (which is almost up to par with Break Stuff as a song to listen to when you are angry.)  So anyways, pick this album up.  You shall not be disappointed.
B000001FY9|5.0|if you only buy one bob marley cd, make it this one. pretty much all of his most popular songs are here like &quot;buffalo soldier&quot;,&quot;one love&quot;,&quot;jamming&quot; and a live rendition of &quot;no woman no cry&quot; that just sounds phenomenal. listen to &quot;no woman no cry&quot; with your eyes closed and it feels that you are there! the definitive bob marley compilation. just wonderful!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is just plain great. It just had everything right, it had the right stuff. A great cast, plot, and director. The movie had the perfect person to play Maximus(Russell Crowe), the devious villain Commodus(Joaquin Phoenix), the emperor Marcus(Richard Harris), and his daughter Lucilla(Connie Nielson).      It was just packed with unbelievable action. And that's why it was rated 'R' but you know what? it's necessary. You need the violence. Without the violence, it would just be three hours of pure rubbish.       I think the first time I got interested in this movie was when I saw the trailer. To me, I always say that the previews are the best part of the movie. And when it is a good movie, the enjoyment is even better. Like this one, I don't remember the previews but I know this movie is good.        I saw this movie about a week after it was released because I anticipated that it was going to be really crownded. Conisdering that it was a blockbuster and all. And I was right. When I went to the theaters, it was pretty crowded.       The audience really got into the movie, that's how good it was. Like at the end of the movie, almost everyone was applauding. At the end, mom had tears in her eyes.       If I had a choice, I would definately see it again in theaters. But if you hadn't seen this movie, go and do so, regardless of all the other bad reviews you see on this page.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is a great album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  A few of the best tracks are &quot;My Generation,&quot; &quot;Hot Dog,&quot; &quot;Take a look around&quot; (also found on the 'M-I:2' soundtrack), and... well... the whole album.  If you like a mix between Rock, rap, alternative, and funk, this is the CD for you.  A must have in anybody's collection,
B00004XOWM|5.0|I never used to like Limp Bizkit very much. In my opinion their last two albums were bad. This album is just amazing. They have become much more talented and their songs are more complex. This is a must have CD.
B00004WEJZ|2.0|4 minutes are missing in this version of Never Say Never Again : only the VHS cut is complete !!!
B00004XOWM|5.0|Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water, weird title but it doesn't matter because the cd is bump'n. The best songs are &quot;hot dog&quot;, livin' it up&quot;,&quot;getcha groove on&quot;, and &quot;my generation&quot;. And also, &quot;rollin'(urban assult vehicle) w/ Dmx,Method Man and Redman, is tight! Significant Other might be a little better but that was like a ten star cd! If you are a limp fan, definitely just go pick it up.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Pathetic, meaningless songs. I could give  a crayon to 2 year olds and get better lyrics. This is not metal, this is barely rap-core. Void of melody or talent. Stay as far away as possible from this CD. Want quality metal? Try In Flames or Children of BOdom, just stay as far away as possible from this CD. <br />&quot;Adidas, rapping, angsty lyrics, samples, funky grooves, screaming, ad nauseum. Stand in line, you know the drill. More spokes off the hub that Korn have wrought, and to a lesser extent, the Deftones, whose utter superiority to this cack is so obvious I just have to laugh. And laugh I will. You see, rap music is that airheaded kid that sat at back of your classroom, popular, but vacant, and damn difficult to ignore because he was so obnoxious. Lyrical analysis is futile though, sorta like perusing mattress tags for an iambic sonnet. But don't mind me, 'cause this will sell like justice for the rich. If you like your Korn-metal with an odious rap husk, well, there it is.&quot;
B000002WYT|5.0|As a fan of Dave's I was really blown away by this great musical performance. I feel that this was his best CD yet. This music always is very relaxing to me and easy to listen to after a rough day. I feel that DMB is one of the greatest bands of today and even better than some of our past. The beat of the music is what catches my eye, there are so many parts of just instruments which I really enjoy in his musical style.
B00004XONN|5.0|this record is amazing, and anyone who says its a load of unstructured crap is ignorant and doesn't deserve a record like this.  the musical complexity is amazing.  <br />first of all- morning bell is in 5/4 time!  i've never heard a band even attempt to do a song in 5/4.  for those of you who dont know, 5/4 means that there are 5 beats played in a measure.  morning bell is pretty syncopated, but you can beat it off fairly easily (drum major style).<br />those who say kid a (the song) is a bunch of noise, it's actually not.  its a lullaby for the first human clone.  that's what they said the album was for.. the first human clone.  and kid a almost sounds like a lullaby, with the marimba-esque part in the beginning, and the whole structure of the song.  <br />the album flows very well.  i heard about 7 songs without being consciously aware that seven different songs were playing.  i sat there and listened to it, and it was really neat because the album flowed with my thoughts.  it didn't interrupt, just flowed along with.  <br />i had very high musical expectations for this album, based on the path they had followed from bends to ok computer.  i was very impressed.  this album is a classic... and its musically intelligent.  bonus.  go buy it now.
052594527X|4.0|The concept behind this is so great - what DID prompt Vermeer to paint this young girl with the beautiful earring?  Chevalier tells a fantastic story that is engaging, fun, and exciting to read, and a tale that is fun to fantasize about.  I kept finding myself flipping back to the cover to look at the painting, and can imagine how the model felt with each brushstroke.
B0000025RI|5.0|This album is excellent. Michael Jackson's best. This is a must for any Michael Jackson fan. The 80's memories will come flooding back when you pop in this cd.
0060920084|5.0|Some of the comments I have heard from American friends and family weren't exactly positive. Although they thought it was somewhat funny, they felt Bill Bryson was bashing their country. Somehow they missed the fact that the whole point of Bill Bryson's writing is to show the funny side of just about everything. I never felt insulted when he came to europe and made fun of Europe, because he was write! <br /> In The Lost Continent, Bill Bryson returns to America after having lived in America for a long time, and decides to travel from his hometown Des Moines towards the south, to trace the routes his dad took their family on when he was younger. The endless markers that indicated little more than that some important person or another stopped there and might have used the bushes for a toilet three hundred years ago, the hours of travelling through the middle of nowhere, bored as hell.  His description is enough to probably never want to see any of the places he visits, but his observations of the people and what life would be like in these towns are outrageously funny, as are the accents he very succesfully manages to write down. <br /> &quot;I've been here for one and a half hour and still haven't been shot!&quot; when asked how he likes the state he just entered (I believe it was Mississippi, although Bryson himself seemed to ve some trouble understanding what was said as well).<br /> As expected of a Bill Bryson book, the story is wonderful, he gets his facts right (the book is more than just a collection of jokes), his observations are hilarious, and I could wish for nothign but to have written it myself.
6302238331|5.0|Why do you think it won 5 Oscars, huh? Because, you had an excellent cast of two Americans and a couple of European imports, an intense director, incredible material to adapt, and a very good screenwriter known for hard-hitting cop movies. In the end, it walks for with Best Picture, Director (Friedkin), Actor (Hackman), Screenplay (Ernest Tidyman), and Film Editing. That is impressive, especially with such compition as &quot;The Last Picture Show,&quot; &quot;A Clockwork Orange,&quot; and &quot;Nicholas and Alexandra.&quot; This film is an absolute treasure -- one for your library collecton of Best Picture films (like I do at home)!
0380713802|5.0|To those of you who have not visited Europe, do so and this book will be even more funny than it already is. Amazingly recognisably and absolutely hilarious, Bill really captured the essence of Europe (J/K)! But to be serious, which even Bryson can do and in a very entertaining and interesting way, he seems to have experienced exactly those little things that you might not notice when you're doing the Europe-in-a-Week tour, but that are definitely there for the more observant traveller. <br /> I am quite sure most Europeans will recognise their own country in this book. I know I did! (The Netherlands) But even more interesting were the countries I visited, such as Norway, where the movies are quite a strange experience. One buys a ticket that has a preassigned seat, as theatres in europe often do. Naturally you just sit down wherever you like, who cares about the ticket? And even then the tickets are distributed so that people are evenly spread through the theater. However, in Norway, they have a mysterious system that, I'm sure for some strange incomprehensible reason, places everyone in the middle of the theater, stuck together in a small group. Now the system wasn't what amazed. What was truly strange, was that people actually abided by these &quot;rules&quot;! It wasn't until my Norwegian friend and I decided this was absurd, got up, and reassigned our own seats,m that some people suddenly managed to get the courage to get out of those seats and actually... move two seats over! Wow.<br /> Then of course there are the french. Whenever I tell people about Bill Bryson, I grab this book, and look up the story about Bryson going to the bakery's in Paris. (not exactly quoted, don't have the book with me, but pretty accurate probably) In French, he attempts to ask for a loaf of bread please. Of course he gets the &quot;who the hell are you and what the hell are you trying to say&quot; look first, then the woman reaches behind the counter, grabs something, and then slams a dead beaver onto the counter. In his very best french, he tries to explain that he did not ASK for a dead beaver, he wanted a loaf of BREAD. The woman looks at the other costumers and says, in french much too fast for him to understand, something about the stupid foreigner asking for a dead beaver, about her then giving him a dead beaver, and now he's saying he didn't want a dead beaver at all, he wants a loaf of bread. Of course the other customers then looked at him &quot;like he had just farted in their handbags&quot;, and he quickly leaves France for Belgium, where he'll hopefully get something to eat again.<br /> This is just a taste of what you'll read. Need I say more? Bill Bryson speaks for himself, wherever he travels!
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I'm a big fan of Bruckheimer's films. When I saw the trailer for GONE IN SIXTY SECONDS, Bruckhiemer's remake of the 60's classic, I was thrilled. So when June 9th rolled around and the new Bruckheimer flick hit theaters, I was there, and I loved every minute of it! The movie has a simplistic but addicting plot: Memphis Raines (Nicholas Cage) is a retired car thief who is trying to stay away from his old life of crime. His little brother Kip (Giovnni Ribisi), however, has grown up to be just like his hero, Memphis.  Kip decides to to get involved with a dangerous boost, in which he must steal 50 top-of-the line cars. When Kip gets into trouble, his boss kidnaps him and finds Memphis. Memphis has two choices: Steal all 50 cars in 48 hours, or watch his brother die.<br />Memphis takes the Boost. <br />He assembles his old team: Otto (Robert Duvall), and expert on stripping down cars, Donny (Chi McBride), an old timer car thief, The Sphinx (Vinnie Jones), a rough and tough friend of memphis, and Switch (Angelina Jolie), Memphis's old girlfriend. After careful planning, Memphis and his friends start what could become the most impressive car boost ever.<br />The rest of the movie if packed with intense police chases, ear-shattering explosions, and oh so many beautiful cars! As with any Bruckheimer film, the viewer leaves the movie with a feeling of adrenaline, and Gone in Sixty Seconds is no exception.<br />The perfect mix of action, acting, music, and effects make this movie one to own. If your looking for a feel good movie with lots of eye candy, you've need look no further. Gone In Sixty Seconds is your movie.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|The enigma machine was discovered by the BRITISH - not American's. Robin Hood was British, not an American, so on and so on. Why does Hollywood feel it needs to take British Hitory and fables, and twist it round or make it ridiculously inacurate so that gullible people think it's therefore part of American history? Come on people, I know America is a new country, but make your own history instead of trying to steal ours, we wouldnt try to say president Linoln was actually British, sheesh!
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit is back with a new album full of rock and roll anthems.  And some rap mixed in.  Most of the songs are pretty good and serve a point.  I think there are only two songs that aren't that good.  But the rest of the songs are cool.  &quot;My Generation,&quot; &quot;Rollin,&quot; &quot;Take a look around,&quot; are there songs that have videos on mtv.  Take a look around uses the Mission Impossible theme.  And it blends in perfectly with the lyrics. &quot;Rollin&quot; features some dj skribbling from DJ Lethal and so does &quot;My Generation&quot;. I think this album is off the hook.  So if you like there last album &quot;Significant other.&quot;  You'll definetly have to buy the Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Doggy Dog Flavoured Water.
B000002AQQ|3.0|Some folks seemed to expect something other than the songs that were selected for the FORREST GUMP soundtrack. I guess the filmmakers picked those tunes because they supported their vision.<br /><br />Also, I guess not every recording they wanted was available. The Beatles, as a group and solo artists, were prominent in the history FORREST GUMP covers but not heard on the soundtrack. You will not find the Beatles, together or solo, in many various-artists collections.<br /><br />It is interesting to note that Bob Dylan, John Phillips and the Burt Bacharach/Hal David team each has two compositions on the FORREST GUMP soundtrack.<br /><br />This double CD includes gems I am not sure I otherwise would have owned: \\"Stoned Love,\\" \\"Imagination,\\" \\"San Francisco,\\" \\"Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head,\\" \\"What The World Needs Now Is Love,\\" \\"Aquarius/Let The Sun Shine\\" and \\"Joy To The World.\\" I am satisfied with the FORREST GUMP soundtrack just for those numbers.<br /><br />As great as \\"Respect\\" and \\"I Can't Help Myself\\" are, you have to agree that they are two of the most overplayed records around.<br /><br />Look at the FORREST GUMP soundtrack as a various-artists collection that will or won't have enough songs you want among its 32 selections. I doubt many could agree on the 32 biggest recording artists, let alone the 32 biggest songs, of the film's time period.
B00003CX8J|5.0|First of all, let me start off by saying that I have been a comic book veteran for years.  I have read a multitude of titles and the X-men being one of them.<br />When I had heard about the release of X-Men the movie I was very skeptical.  This had all of the potential of being a big-costume, big-budget bust.  Tim Burton's brilliance aside, I could not realistically see a good movie coming from a comic book.<br />Needless to say, Brian Singer proved me wrong.  Hugh Jackman gave the best performance in the movie by far.  The tragic characters of Magneto and Rogue were brought to life in a much different light then the comics have painted.  The special affects were absoluteley awesome.  I saw this movie and realized that I was not watching a comic book on-screen, but a story unfold.  OK, I can admit a bit of the dialouge was a little forced, but overall this movie has far exceeded my expectations.  <br />No you do not have to be a comic book fan to enjoy this movie.  X-Men tells a story of tragedy and triumph, with no defined  good or evil.  Cheers to Singer and to the whole cast and crew for annhilating the skeptics.
6304140428|5.0|I've sat here for 15 minutes wondering what to write for this review. I still don't know how to describe how amazing this film is. I watched it for the first time last night because I knew Elizabeth Taylor was in it, and I've always been vaguely interested in her. Since then I have watched it another two times. Because I didn't quite understand it; because i realised how many metaphors and meanings and themes there are; and because it is an amazingly scripted, shot and acted movie.  It's one of those films that affects you, makes you think about it afterwards and completely takes over for a while. I don't get this often with films (this and the color purple), so it's quite a find. Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton and the actress that played Honey all deserved oscars, with 'Nick' letting the movie down slightly in my opinion. <BR>When I first saw this film, I was trying to keep up with the many meanings and themes, laughing hysterically at the sarcasm and wit (especially that of George) and was in awe of the fantastic acting. Not to mention trying to put the pieces together to get the full picture (which I still don't entirely have).  <BR>This should have been a book for it's complexities and metaphors and the strength of characters, and the way that it infects the mind. However, it is an amazing film, and I can't wait to read the play.  <BR>One of the best films of all time; watch it now!
B00004YKUX|5.0|Grammy #3 for the Cash/Rubin team ? This one is just as good as it's two sisters &quot; American Recordings &quot; and &quot; Unchained &quot;. Like the previous albums this one has a flavor all it's own .From a very well done cover of Tom Petty's &quot; I Won't Back down &quot; to a masterpiece cover of U2's &quot; One &quot; to re-visiting some of Johnny's classics. Johnny still has a wonderful knack for taking a song and making it his own . I hope and pray that a fourth installment is on it's way . A big SALUTE to JC &amp; RR.
0393307050|5.0|I remember the first time I read &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;, toward the end I began to suspect who it was had actually paid off Wickham, and I simply couldn't do anything else until I had finished that book -- I read through the night.  Now I read it again every few years, and it's great, but I can never again read it for the first time; that wonderful shocking suspicion and climax has lost something, simply because I know how it turns out.  The O'Brian Aubrey/Maturin novels are like that.  I'd give almost anything if I could go back and read these novels again for the first time.  Sure, they're not for everyone, and they can be pretty rough going.  But for anyone who is just beginning to make their way through the series, I envy you!
B00004TDRD|5.0|one of the greatest movies of all time.  i taped it off of TBS one night and i watched it so many times i wore the tape out.  this addition is great.  the second tape contains a making of documentary, original trailers, and deleted scenes.  i am quite fond of the deleted scene where quint terrorizes a small boy in a music store.  i wish it was in the actual movie.
B00001OH7P|5.0|In nineteen-seventy-two a spandex suited David Bowie gave birth to what would become his most famous persona, the androgynous \\"leper messiah\\", Ziggy Stardust.     From the epic opener, Five Years, which takes us through the streets of a dying city littered with odd-balls and outcasts, through to the dramatic and poignant Rock 'n' Roll Suicide, Bowie leads through a surreal and unforgettable journey.     Along the way we meet Starmen attempting to contact our radios, Rayguns and Pink Monkey Birds in the wonderful Moonage Daydream, and of course Ziggy himself who was rather good at playing guitar. The only place where this pilgramage seems to suffer is during It Ain't Easy (the album's obligatory cover version).    This one record spawned a whole generation of Ziggy wannabes. Who else could have pulled off such a concept and with so much gusto that it made you want to change your life? Not many people besides Bowie is the answer.    In creating such a (false) idol Bowie blurred the barriers between creator and creation, so much so that when he was to retire Ziggy in an act of \\"rock 'n' roll suicide\\" a year later, distraught fans thought Bowie himself was retiring not just his creation.    This one album and the effect it had and still has on millions of fans shows why Bowie is such a great artist, creator, actor, commentator, and innovator. And those reasons alone are enough to justify this album's importance both in Bowie's oeuvre and in the history of rock music itself.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Simply put this album rocks, and rocks hard. The music is tight, the riffs are great, and Fred's voice is awesome. The only reason I knocked it a star is because they simply swear WAY too much, this will hurt them a lot. I am a long time rock fan and now also a dad. If my son wanted to listen to this I would say no way. On the first song &quot;Hot Dog&quot;, which is quite good, Fred says the f word at least 50 times, no kidding. He actually makes fun of this and says that the f word is just that a word. The only problem is that you start thinking about how much he actually does swear the rest of the way, whcih takes a little away from this band that is beginning to take over the rock world. Fred is a rebel and doesnt care what people think, but trust me in 20 years from now he will regret it when he has his own kids. Anyway enough preaching, this is by FAR their best album, there is not one single bad song on here. It is much harder than the previos two with a couple of slwoer tracks &quot;the one&quot; and &quot;hold on&quot; with Scott Weiland of STP, but they too work and are quite interesting. One of the biggest suprises on the album is the track, &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; with Xzibit, this song is great. It probably will get a lot of airplay, but again the f word is prominant and it will lose a lot of fans. If you like the harder edge of Limp Bizcuit you will die for this album. I highly recommend it for the mature people out there, but if you are younger or a parent stay away.
B00000K2SC|3.0|Not the most original of basic story concepts, of course. After all, SFfilm-as-Christian-allegory has been common since The Day the Earth Stood Still. Admittedly, the Bible has inspired as much SF moviemaking as any other ancient myth: Terminator 1 was, in its simplest terms, the Annunciation; Terminator 2, the Flight to Egypt.<br />But, debates about originality notwithstanding, this is a well-crafted film and a great thrill ride. The W Bros. and their editors have successfully enhanced a tight and taut script: acting, cinematography, choreography, special effects, and sound track are maintained in complete balance. Each aspect of the film contributes to its overall effectiveness. Just enough characterization, just enough acting, etc. to propel the film along at an appropriate pace. Don't bother thinking about the existentialist aspect of the plot--it's only window dressing for this exciting version of the Christ story. And it will go down as the apotheosis of Herr Reeves acting career, just as T1 was for Arnie, an actor of similar range and density.
B000000W5B|4.0|I enjoy the songs on this CD because they are the most introspective of the Rolling Stone albums featuring the guitarist Mick Taylor.  1973 is the year in which both Mick Jagger and Keith Richards (nee Richard) each turned 30.  For mortals, that is often a time for reevaluation.  The songs on this CD may indicate that it is also such a time for Rock Stars.  100 YEARS AGO has Jagger reminiscing about the bygone days of youth when, &quot;Mary and I, we would sit upon a gate / Just gazin' at some dragon in the sky .&quot;  Now, he is resolved to &quot;drinkin' bad red wine&quot;.  Listeners in the early seventies may have been able to relate to their own times with a &quot;Mary&quot; or &quot;Mary Jane&quot;.  Keith also remembers a time with a woman in COMING DOWN AGAIN, &quot;I was caught, oh, taken for a ride / She was showing no surprise&quot;. Not as comforting as Sister Morphine but much less drama.  Mick sounds as though he is worn out on WINTER.  He is hallucinating about Christmas as he bears the cold, &quot;It sure been a cold, cold winter  / My feet been draggin' 'cross the ground  / And the fields has all been brown and fallow / And the springtime take a long way around&quot;.  He seems to still be walking in a forest with furrows in his brow.  STAR, STAR is a raucous rocker as a desparate clinging to youth in a jaded view of groupies.  The height of melancholy or the depths of despair are delivered in ANGIE.  As an archetype of their youth, and the sixties itself, ANGIE displays a regret for wasted time.  &quot;Angie, you're beautiful, but ain't it time we said good-bye? / Angie, I still love you, remember all those nights we cried? / All the dreams we held so close seemed to all go up in smoke&quot;.  They still can't get no satisfaction.  Perhaps GHS is not the best from the Rolling Stones, even so, it provides a rare glimpse as they come to grips with aging.  If you are interested in music from the Rolling Stones which, at times, is introspective, thisCD will be interesting to you.
B00004YKUX|4.0|On the cover art for his third effort for producer Rick Rubin, 68 year-old Cash old is looking down draped in shadows.  In many ways it sets the mood for the album, presenting Cash in confrontation not with external forces but rather internal ones.  Suffering from a debilitating nerve disease, it is probably amazing that he is able to record at all.  And, although I don't believe that all art is autobiographical, one can't help feeling that his recent misfortunes have helped shape what we hear.<br />Since I do perceive it as a personal album, I would have preferred fewer cover songs, especially considering many are already signature tunes for the original artists (such as U2's \\"One\\" and Tom Petty's \\"Won't Back Down\\").  The list of guest stars on the album is also a bit heavy for me, although I enjoy the presence of Sheryl Crow and Merle Haggard.  I believe the album will grow on me more, but still recommend either of the two previous American Recordings as a better gage of this stage of Cash's career.<br />As a whole the album is quieter and more reflective than his previous release, Unchained.  However it does not consistently attain the intimate qualities of the first, all-acoustic American recording.  Still, the originals and lesser know covers on the latter half of the album are truly gorgeous, and his soft-thunder voice, cracking with age and disease, has gained more character but lost none of its magic.
B00004XMVL|3.0|I just now saw this movie and I thought it was ok but it needed more suspense and a better climax.The special effects were spectacaler and it should win some awards.The plot was pretty simple and stupid and the acting was allright but all an all it was a good sci fi flick with some scares and a great opening action scene.
0380002930|5.0|Do yourself a favor and read this book.  I guarentee if you not only enjoy this book and learn from it as well.  As previous reviews have stated, Watership Down is an enjoyable book.  This book also has a lot to teach anyone about friendship, loyalty and leadership.  Having been in the military for four years a can attest that the leadership principles subtly interwoven throughot the book are true wisdom.  This book has a lot to teach anyone in the bussiness of leading others.  If you have kids read it to them for the story, they will love you for it. If not, read it for yourself, these rabits have a lot of good stuff to say.
0440203856|5.0|I have read Danielle Steel before and it was easy to put down her other novels, but this one was so gripping that i finished it in one sitting. Danielle Steel puts you right in the middle of this wonderful novel and makes it seem so real!!
B00004T8RK|4.0|Despite all of the naysayers that have constantly berated Pearl Jam since the change of direction that Vitalogy symbolized, Pearl Jam continues to put out good, solid albums.  Binaural may not be the album that old fans may be waiting for, but fans that like the new material will certainly be happy with many of the songs here.  Binaural starts off with three rockers, suggesting a return to the old Pearl Jam, but quickly settles into newer ballads. Some surprisingly effective simply because the music sets back to allow vedder's voice to take the stage.  While the album weakens towards the end (the songs become less accessible) the result is still a solid album overall and songs like &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot;, &quot;Nothing as it Seems&quot;, and &quot;Light Years&quot; will keep listeners coming back to the album.  This may not be a great album symbolizing a new direction for Pearl Jam and is far from a return to the days of yore, but is a satisfying continuation of Pearl Jam's fascinating evolution.
0380788624|2.0|&quot;Wit&quot;, in Elizabethan context, meaning  &quot;intelligence&quot;  or  &quot;wisdom&quot;.  Along those lines, I'll try to follow the Bard's aphorism in BRIEFLY reviewing  *Cryptonomicon* -- perhaps Mr. Stephenson will find my example instructive.<br />OK -- take out all the bad similes, of which 2 or 3 pepper each page, and the novel instantly becomes no longer than 800 pages.  Tighten the plot and remove extraneous details, and you've got no more than 600 pages.  And this is most crucial -- leave all the  &quot;postmodern&quot;  whingeing to T. Pynchon and his countless imitators . . . suddenly you have a nice futuristic hybrid of a novel no longer than 450 pages.  This would benefit  *Cryptonomicon*, which has an inherently interesting story to tell but is weighted down with more ambition than Mr. Stephenson's talent can realize.  He's a good sci-fi writer  (especially when predicting scenarios of the near-future), and should stick to that genre.  See  &quot;Snow Crash&quot;  as an example.  But he really should drop the literary pretensions.  Because  *Cryptonomicon*  tries to be both genre AND literary, it fails on both counts -- both urges work against each other.  When I heard that Mr. Stephenson was embarking on a sequel which takes place in 1700, I shuddered.
B00004U9MS|4.0|Coldplay received a LOT of press in the UK. They *are* very good, as their singles &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Yellow&quot; prove. The songs on this their debut album stay in your head after several listens. Comparisons to Radiohead are bound to occur. There are some similarities in the vocals. But while Radiohead aim for the stratosphere, Coldplay find wonderful things to observe and enjoy on Earth. The opener &quot;Don't Panic&quot; (a B-side from a previous single) contains the lyrics &quot;We live in a beautiful world, yeah we do, yeah we do...&quot; set to a plaintive melody. Another great track, &quot;Spies&quot;, seems to dwell on paranoid delusions. By the end of the album, however, the band loses momentum a little bit. What some people say about Coldplay is true: they don't really stand out from other bands that much. They don't have any &quot;gravity&quot; about them. &quot;Parachutes&quot; contains some very good songs but won't surprise you much. Buy this album - but for a better debut album I would recommend &quot;Lost Souls&quot; by Doves, another UK band with promise. However, I am looking forward to see what Coldplay has to offer on their next release.
B00004W50Z|5.0|I'm always surprised to find how many people consider this an album inferior to The Band's first two pieces. Although it is undeniably less accessible the TB or Big Pink, I feel it encapsulates the essence of the band's realistic take on the human plight-it contains shards of joy, despair, gloom and playfulness rendered in a recording that sounds very &quot;studio live&quot;. The musicianship is excellent, from Robertson's jangly guitar to Hudson's pitch-bending organ and the rambling vocal harmonies always seem to resolve perfectly at the last possible moment. As a musician I know how hard it can be to make something so difficult sound so easy. I think The Band has shone the truest light on their corner of the universe with this work and I consider it honest and invaluable, qualities so often lacking in the world of commercial music.
B000002LND|4.0|For the most part, Madonna is one of the greatest music stars in pop, but don't you think she should have worked harder on this massive groundbreaking set of dance pop tunes.  A ton of horrible remixes and just plain slightly off edits ruin some of the greatness of the originals.  What happened?  I think something called Q Sound, whatever that is or was.  Actually I believe that the man behind this mess is Shep Petitbone, who did make some magic stuff with Madonna on \\"Erotica\\".  Some hits really get screwed like bad plain cut of \\"Into The Groove\\".  With dull piano played versions like this, just cut the song out.  The original had something special, and it's out of here.  Others get a slight bashing, like a bland ending for both \\"Material Girl\\" and \\"Cherish\\".  The songs slightly worked over.  \\"Like A Prayer\\", \\"Express Yourself\\" and \\"Vogue\\" are hardly recognizable musically with odd dance arrangements set to them.  Others are lucky.  It's hard to take away the greatness of \\"Like A Virgin\\" (delightful pop with slight R&amp;B bass)   \\"Papa Don't Preach\\" (still a standard in dance beats with a thoughtful story line) and \\"Live To Tell\\" (excellent ballad with raw emotion and crafted music).  The two new songs are stunners with hot mixes of house with some steamy beats.  The album is good and would be out of this world had the original mixes been on here.  Could I also suggest some of these missing wonders?   \\"Who's That Girl\\" (a number 1 in the USA), \\"Dress You Up\\", \\"True Blue\\",  \\"Causing A Commutation\\" (Top Five) and \\"Oh Father\\" (only Top 20, but a great wrenching ballad).<br />Madonna really hits some high points for the art forum of pop music on this set.  Everything from emotional ballads to just plain gitty dance to lustful club pop.  She has done it all, but the hits set really should have been a double album and could have really kept all of those hits untouched.  Still Madonna fans will love everything about this one and it is a great introduction to her music.
0385493800|3.0|Troy Phelan is one of the richest men in the world.  He is worth 11 billion dollars and is soon to die.  He has many children and he has to split his estate evenly.  He has a meeting at his house and his family makes sure he is mentally competent so he can sign his will legally.  He passes it and signs his 11 page will.  Soon, he starts to write a note.(Actually a new will)  He finishes it and jumps off the balcony and kills himself.  This will says to pay off all his families debts then give the rest to a girl who became a missionary and moved to Brazil.(An unknown daughter)  All of the children go out and buy all they want because they think hundreds of millions of dollars will be at their doorstep soon.        The lawyers set out to find Rachel to tell her of her award.  They decide to send a man, Nate, whose life is in total disarray, who has just gotten out of Rehab(Alcohol &amp; drugs, not the first time).  He goes to Brazil and finds Rachel(Troy's daughter) with a remote tribe.  After some time, he becomes a part of the tribe and he gets a brand new life.  He gets to start over.            The testament, which means the final will, is a fitting title for this book because it's all started by a will written by one of the richest men in the world.  This leads to the change in Nate's life.       This book was a mediocre book.  It was slow moving at parts, but Grisham's description of his characters was excellent.  Also, it is quite unbelievable that someone can forget everything and their life turns out for the best.
B00000J7JO|4.0|californication is certainly very well done.along with the popular singles (otherside, californication, scar tissue, around the world) road trippin, emit remmus, parallel universe are also very good songs if you understand musical talent.  i believe john and flea display theyre guitar and bass ability much more in bloodsugarsexmagik and its personally my favorite cd, but californication is 2nd best and well worth your money.  red hot chili peppers are one of the few bands left with actual talent. itll be a dark day when limp bizkit is considered talented(ugh). i like korn, deftones, inucbus, staind, and the ose other metal guys though. oops off topic.
B00000JJQK|5.0|After reading the previous reviews I decided to check out this album.  Considering the age of the album it still feel contemporary, because the theme are universal.  I don't believe many albums come close to the introspection and sound production. I will treasure this one for sometime to come.
B00004WKII|5.0|The music of the Jimi Hendrix Experience sounds as fresh today as it did in the sixties. The guitar mastery of Jimi is unparalleled. I loved all the remakes on these CDs especially Sgt Pepper. The sound quality of the cds is precise and clear. And from what I have read, this box set is only the tip of the iceberg because the Hendrix family have tons more of unreleased tunes. I never tire of listening to the Experience and hopefully never will.
B00004YKUX|4.0|I gave this new studio album of Johnny Cash 4 stars rather than 5 only because I do not care for the inclusion of &quot;I Won't Back Down, &quot;Solitary Man&quot;, or &quot;One&quot; on the album.  Otherwise this is a wonderful collection of music from a true legend.  I could sit and bathe in the warmth and mellowness of Johnny's voice forever. This album is akin to the first album &quot;American Recordings&quot; which was also produced by Rick Rubin.  There is a real feel of the backwoods, mountains and simple times in these songs and the entire sound of this album.  Johnny sings basically with a backround of acoustic guitars and sometimes a sparing organ, fiddle, piano, or accordion.  The songs are all wonderful, especially those penned by Johnny himself.  Listen to &quot;Country Trash&quot; or &quot;Field Of Diamonds&quot;...  Wonderful music.  &quot;Nobody&quot; is a song that definately could have been performed at Folsum Prison; it has that kind of feel.  Johnny has put some out some music that chilled me to the bone (&quot;Cocaine Blues&quot;, &quot;Delia's Gone&quot;, &quot;Dark As The Dungeon&quot;) and &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; is that kind of song.  &quot;I'm Leavin' Now&quot;, a duet with Merle Haggard is wonderful and &quot;Warfaring Stranger&quot; is a moving glimpse into the feelings of a man that has reached the twilight of his life.  To sum up, this is an incredible collection of music from someone who is a true giant of American music.  There is a warmth and depth of feeling in this music that cannot be duplicated in any form.  Thank-you Johnny for the many years and for your important contributions to American country and folk music.
B000002UY3|5.0|Of all the albums I've listened to of Mazzy Star, none could compare to the beauty and diversity of &quot;She Hangs Brighty&quot;. 'Halah' could not be a better song for the opening track on the disc and 'I'm Sailin' is fun and tender. On this album each song is seperate and created in itself, and not co-evolved. As with many songs Mazzy has written, many of them have coevolved together. There is almost a synergy to it, a weakness. But this album proves that Mazzy's ultimate first release was infact the BEST, as each song has a different subject matter, with many different endings. That is what I love so much about this album/recording. I encourage you to listen to this album before you buy it, so I can prove to you that it is WORTH it!
B0000507UD|1.0|Watch out.  This is a really suckey CD.
B00004XQP4|2.0|The early 90's punk rock band, Greenday, has previously put out four great punk albums: 1,039 Smothed Out Slappy Hours (1990), Kerplunk (1991), Dookie (1994), Insomniac (1994), and Nimrod (1997). The realse of there new album, Warning, was long awaited by millions of Geenday fans worldwide. However, the joy of a new Greenday was soon dampered when it occured to the old school Greenday fans that this album is the worst yet.The reason that I gave this album 2 stars is: 1. Its greenday and 2. I like the song Misery. This didn't even deserve 1 star. If you liked any other Greenday album, don't buy this album.
B00004YKUX|5.0|If you liked Bob Dylan's &quot;Time out of mind&quot;, you will love &quot;American III: Solitary man&quot;. This is the third Johnny Cash album on Rick Rubin's American label. Like the first one &quot;American Recordings&quot;, it does not bother with big production, letting the man in black sing to you like he is in your living room. But whereas &quot;American Recordings&quot; was a solo album with Johnny Cash accompanying himself on guitar (he has limited guitar skills), &quot;Solitary man&quot; features beautiful accoustic guitar by the likes of Norman Blake, Mike Campbell, Randy Scruggs, Larry Perkins and Marty Stuart, delicate piano, organ and harmonium by Benmont Tench, fiddle  by Laura Cash and accordion by Sheryl Crow. Whereas on &quot;American Recordings the songs were varied in themes, the choice of songs here focuses almost exclusively on the reflections and the wisdom of a man who has done just about everything he set out to do and is now facing his demise. (He is seriously ill). From the opening line of Tom Petty's hit &quot;I won't back down&quot;(&quot;I won't back down, you can stand me up at the gates of hell but I won't back down, gonna' stand my ground&quot;)to the exquisite traditional &quot;Wayfaring Stranger&quot; which closes the album, this is a stark, yet tender, deeply moving collection(Cash's rendition of Nick Cave's &quot;Mercy seat&quot;-a song about a capital execution- is just chilling). Mr. Cash also has the ability to give hair raising intensity to the most simple words and to take a song which has been covered by just about everyone,like &quot;Lucky old sun&quot; and send chills down your spine with his rendition. He covers artists as varied as U2, Neil Diamond and David Allan Coe and yet this collection makes complete sense! He wrote one beautiful new song &quot;Before my time&quot; in which he reflects on his youth with a melancholy that never falls into regret. Special guests Tom Petty, Will Oldham Sheryl Crow, Merle Haggard andJune Carter Cash sing harmony without ever intruding on the undiminished, deep, rugged, yet vulnerable baritone of this true American master. If this is a testament, one can only pray that he'll be able to add a few codicils...
B00004XOWM|5.0|Starfish has to be the best yet.  Bizkit went back to the roots and found that they still have it.  Although the best songs have yet to be burnt into our heads by Radio America, Rollin'(Air Raid)is still a strong track.  My Way is a center piece for the album.  Those that love 3 Dollar Bill but were hesitant on Significant Other will be thoroughly pleased.  The only gripe is  the 2nd Rollin'(Urban Assault)  the track style just doesn't fit with the rest of the album.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is easily Limp Bizkits best album to date.  Some people would argue that $3 Bill is better, that is heavier and more like a metal album.  Some would say that Significant Other was better because it was more meladic.  Well, this one combins both of these traits and becomes the perfect balance between the two.  If you like rock, you will die for songs such as HOt Dog and My Way. If rap is your thing Rollin ( Urban Assult) is up your ally.  If you like Limp Bizkit, or rock for that matter, this album is for you!
B00003CXE7|3.0|If it weren't for the rousing battle scenes and stunning locales, Ridley Scott's half-hearted epic Gladiator would've been a total flop.  Gladiator is by no means a bad movie, but as far as a great one?  Not even close.Russell Crowe delivers a star making turn as Maximus, a loyal Roman general whose loyality is put to the test when he refuses to follow the orders of the newest emperor (Joaquin Phoenix in a BORING performance).  Accused of treason, Maximus' family is killed and he sentanced to die.  Of course he escapes and begins his unholy quest for revenge against the new emperor.  Gladiator begins with a rousing battle scene and has many to follow, all of the acting credible and the story is undeniably interesting, but there are too many flaws for this one to be considered a masterpiece by any means.  Many of the sequences between the battle scenes almost exist solely for filler purposes, they serve to bring the film from one fight scene to the next.  There is nothing wrong with this type of film, if it weren't pretending to be something more.  Crowe makes for a great action hero, his enemy in this film, Joaquin Phoenix is annoying and sickening.  Phoenix is normally a superb actor, but his character in this film acts the part of the cliched Roman Emperor.  He kills his father, babbles on and on in scene after scene about NOTHING and even pointlessly lusts after his sister.  There is a lot that could've been removed from this film without damaging the story, audiences sometimes think that a long movie automatically makes for a good one.  That is not the case here.  Gladiator is not a bad film, just boring.  Director Scott thinks he's doing a film of more substance than he really has, proof of this comes in the pretentious &quot;death&quot; scene at the finsh.  Comparisons to Braveheart are unfair, this is a bloated Hollywood 'epic', not terrible, not very good, and very unmemorable.  Whereas Braveheart used gruesome battle scenes to move the story along, Gladiator seems to exist FOR the battle scenes, they are incredible, but to find something else of value in this film is the real challenge.  It's hollow, pointless and pretty limp.  Another case of Hollywood going through the motions.  Some will like it, others will agree with me, but in the end, it's all in the opinion.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I think Chocolate Starfish and Hot Dog flavored water is an excellent Cd I think it is better than Signficant Other, but no quite as good as Three Dollar Bill y'all. Some of the tracks our excellent, such as the beats of Livin' it up and the slow but very nice song, Hold on with Scott Weiland.  There is Getcha Groove on which grows on you much like its brother ... did.  And the urban assault version of Rollin is very catchy with method man back and DMX.  This is a very good CD, I defientlely recommend buying it.
B0000507UD|5.0|All that I can say is that this CD is &quot;BLAZIN&quot;, the tracks are slammin' especially &quot;my generation&quot;.
B00004XQP4|3.0|This album is a respectable offering from Green Day.  It is hard to really be excited about Warning though because of the levels of greatness they reached with Kerplunk and 1039 Hours.  I guess you cant stay young and hungry forever.
0399128964|5.0|I cannot truly ascertain how many times that I have read &quot;Dune&quot; because I find myself reading passages sporadically, but in estimates I can say I have read it at least 5 times.  My first taste of &quot;Dune&quot; came from seeing it on television on lazy Sunday afternoon.  Some people do not like the film, but I became hooked.  Since then I have read the sequals, prequals, and other associated works.  I believe that one cannot read &quot;Dune&quot; without having it change them in some way.  I have yet to meet anyone who has read &quot;Dune&quot; who has not fully enjoyed it. Those who tend to shy away from the Science Fiction genre of literature will be plesantly suprised with this literary masterpiece.  Dune in now included in the recommended reading list for AP English, and deffinately warrants that position, as that it truly is one of the greatest books of the 20th century.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I'm definitely impressed at what the guys of limp bizkit have put together as a third album. I like all the tracks but &quot;take a look around&quot; is my favorite song along with &quot;the one&quot; and &quot;rollin'(air raid vehicle)&quot;
B00004XOWM|1.0|Here, we have the end of rock n roll. We have impostors as heroes. We have absolute garbage being shoved down our throats, while the suits behind these idiots ruin the entire music industry. Limp Bizkit are the death of rock n roll...... talentless wannabee's.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is a PHAT CD!  The best Limp Bizkit cd yet!  Fred Durst shows his true talent in this one.  The cd is kinda similar to Significant Other and also contains a few guest appearances.  I highly recommend this cd to everyone.  It's awesome!
6303965415|5.0|The actors are superb in this BBC adaptation of Jane Austen's Persuasion.  I am a huge Jane Austen fan and I love this movie.  A definite must see.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Finally!  Limp Bizkit's new cd has finally been released and it is the bomb!  Fred Durst shows his true skills in this one.  It's the best Limp Bizkit cd yet.  Every track is good and the cd contains plenty of guest appearances.  Definitely pick up this cd.
B00004XOWM|5.0|No CD player should be without a copy of Chocolate St*rfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water!  This album is by far the best Limp Bizkit yet.  Buy it, turn it up loud and hear for yourself.  The songs are so infectious you won't be able to turn it off either.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I have been a Limp Bizkit fan since the very first time that i heard their first CD &quot;Three Dollar Bill Y'all.&quot;  I have listened to all of the tracks repeativly. Redman, Methodman, DMX, and Xzibit all appear on this album as well. This is a very good CD and I recommend buying it. *Note: If you are Mormon, and or are against the use of the &quot;F&quot; word, purchase the edited version.
061300194X|5.0|. . .I read this one years before becoming a parent, and it's probably a good thing.  The first chapter is absolutely nightmarish for anyone who has a young daughter (as I do now).  Nonetheless, it sets the stage for the rest of the book.  Can a black man in Klan-dominated Mississippi get a fair trial for shooting the men who brutalized his little girl?  And at what cost?  The white folks who come to his defense pay a high price, just as the civil rights workers did during the 60s when trying to help the black people of the deep South get registered to vote and end segregation.  This is a riveting, unforgettable book.  It will stay with you long after you've turned the last page.  I've never seen the movie.  I will never need to.  Like The Firm, this is an early Grisham novel, and one of his best.  Nothing he's written since &quot;The Client&quot; has touched those early works in quality or resonance.  Find this one in your local library. . .
B00004XOWM|5.0|This Cd is awesome!!! Limp Bizkit is always that good man. You know what I'm saying...Turn it loud in your car, close the window and enjoy baby...
0679879269|5.0|i know everyone is already saying that, but i thought that the minute i started reading the golden compass.  the characters are way more believable, and the plot is much more intriguing in my opinion.<br />i know this is supposed to be a 'young adult' book, but i'm 22 and i enjoyed it more for that.  i can remember being will and lyra's age, but i had almost forgotten the pain of losing a first love, but this book reminded me well.<br />only once have i been so moved by the ending of a series as i was at the end of the amber spyglass.  it was utterly heart-rending.  that one time was at the end of the last book of the narnia series.  yes i am a christian, but the message of pullman's series, while it was disturbing to me given my beliefs, doesn't make me love it any less.<br />as i write this, it's now 12:27 am, wednesday.  i finished the book at 3:30 am yesterday morning and i can still feel the emotion the ending inspired in me.  i think it will be with me for a long time to come.<br />this is less a review than it is a supplication.  mr. pullman, if you are reading this... please never stop writing fantasy novels.  this is MUCH better than the lord of the rings, and i would say i loved it almost as much as the narnia series, which was my favorite story of all time.  please don't leave this genre.  i have read your other books, but none of them inspired me to such strong emotion as these three have.  and i never ever waited for any other sequel with such anticipation as i did for this book.  fantasy is definitely your forté.  please, please grace us with another work as good as this one.
0679879269|5.0|I read the Harry Potter books. I buy the books in this trilogy.<br />There are two kinds of people reading this review - those who have the read the first two books, and those who haven't.<br />The people who have read the first two books want to know: is it as good as its predecessors? And does Pullman manage to wrap up all the plotlines he introduced in the first two books? The answer to both questions is yes.  Unlike the first two books, no new layers of complexity are adding to the already multi-dimensional plot. The story seems more straightforward as the Pullman steadily closes all the loopholes (almost literally). Even though the book features a long sequence of Lord Asriel's war with the Authority, the book's most powerful moments occur in quieter places - in the Land of the Dead, and in the peaceful world of the mulefa. The book is beatiful and sad, heartwrenching in many places, but ultimately tinged with a bittersweet optimism. There's a bit of sorrow in knowing the series had ended, and if Pullman has his way, there will be no more adventures with Will and Lyra.<br />Now for those of you who have yet to discover this stunning series:  What's taking you so long? Don't make the mistake of thinking of this series as children's books. This is not Harry Potter. These are adult books with adult themes, featuring central protagonists who are children. Not that children won't enjoy them - but there are many levels of meaning and nuance they might miss without an attentive parent to fill them in. The books don't shy away from the big issues: death, love, betrayal. In fact they confront them head on, in a way the Harry Potter books seem reluctant to. And a final reason to read these books (although there are many more): Pullman's writing. The richness and texture he brings to the many worlds he creates is difficult to overstate. These are some of the finest books written for any age group in any genre.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I got into Limp Bizkit with &quot;3 Dollar Bill y'all&quot; and &quot;Significant Other&quot; just solidified my interest in them.  I was pumped for the release of &quot;Chocolate Starfish&quot; hoping it would and evolution of the past two records, but instead I got a steamy pile of sell out.  Limp Bizkit (and by that I mean &quot;Fred Durst&quot;) is putting this out just to get more money and obviousley doesn't care about his true fans.  He's turned into TRL fodder and a teeny bopper.  The music is a cornacopia of soft and mellow songs (ex.  The one, my way, etc.)  Go back and listen to their first record and just see if there is a slow or mellow song, especially one that is as repetitive and unoriginal as the ones on this record.<br />  The bottom line is this, Limp Bizkit is no longer interesting or new and it is time for them to go.
0811826848|3.0|I have been a Beatle fan for over 20 years, and maybe that's why this book just doesn't excite me that much. When compared with the Lewisohn books - Chronicles and the Recording sessions, Revolution in the Head, or even The Love You Make, this book is not nearly as insightful or exciting. Instead, the book sinks into the Beatles' myth preservation mode. Sure, I bought it because I'm a big fan and I wouldn't change that decision. It just would have been nice if it came through on the &quot;definitive/holy grail&quot; hype.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Well Limp Fans, let's face it...it's another step up for The Bizkit, and well....it couldnt have been in a better direction. Musically, the album is full of new sounds and phat beats. Lyrically, Fred is still MC'ing well and good....for a balding White Guy from Jax. I've never been impressed with the higher pitched, whiny voice of the Durst, except for maybe on Three Dollar Bill, Yall$, where he did less &quot;singing&quot; and more screaming. Overall...an excellent album with a few minor downsides. Buy it...listen to it..love it. But in Fred's own Words, &quot;It's no Stairway To Heaven&quot;.<br />~Chuck
0767903854|5.0|Being an avid Bryson fan, I wanted to chime in with those warning readers to be careful with Bryson in public places -- reading the description of his jet-lagged snooze while being shown around Sydney by a publishers rep, I was convulsed with one of those omigod-I-can't-stop bellyachers that left me in almost as embarrassing a position as Bryson had been in.  Listening to another book (I'm a Stranger Here Myself, I think) while driving from LA to SF, my son and I were laughing so hard that I missed the fork in the highway and wound up in Bakersfield, where I did not want to be.  <br />Sunburned is a great book -- very interesting and entertaining -- but should definitely come with a warning label!
B00004XOWM|4.0|LB's first CD...3 Dollar Bill, was hardcore but a little shallow.  Their second, Significant Other, was simply amazing.  This, the band's third release is good...but certainly not as good as Sig. Other. Why? Because the band &quot;sells out&quot; on too many songs, seemingly forgetting their hardcore rock roots excpet for a few tracks. This being said, most of the songs are STILL amazing and the occasional hard rock (Rollin' for example) is NICE. On the whole, its a good CD and a worthy pickup but don't expect classic LB sound.
B00004X01U|4.0|Madonna has evolved numerous times in her 15+ year career, and I have followed along willingly to every transition.  However, after reading pre-release reviews of this album (most positive but many negative) I was nervous.<br />The CD itself did not really impress me the first 1-2x I listened to it.  However, after repeated listenings, I'm finding myself more and more drawn to much of the material.  Aside from offering the 2-3 obvious pop hits (Music, Impressive Instant) she has pulled together quite a bit of diverse material and made it into a rather enjoyable collection.  Madonna has never really strayed too far from the pop junket, but it seems as though she's finally making music for the sake of making great music, and not explicitly to sell herself or her music to the masses.<br />She has never really sold the 10-15 million copies (Domestically, anyway) that the current teen invasion sells, but she endures as one of the great entertainers of our time, and her artistry and diversity in this set will likely expand her fan base one more time.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Its Limp Bizkit, what else can i  say. They got the joints(songs for all those not knowing) that keep you jumping and moving in the pit. You would think everyone would be tired of their formula by now(SLOW THEN FAST THEN SLOW AGAIN) but hey...I am still loving them. So go out and get this.
B00000J6AG|5.0|The artistry of the music on this CD is unparalleled.  The tracks are highly creative and greatly varied.  You know when you hear a great song on the radio and you buy the CD, only to find that each track repeats the same style and beat?  Play does not suffer from this affliction.  If you enjoy modern and alternative music, you will not be disappointed by Play.  I'd give it a rating of more than 5 stars if it were possible.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I have been waiting for a long time for this album and man it is one hot joint. Guest appearances by Papa Roach,Xzibit,DMX,Redman and Method Man make this an excellent piece. Rolling is the best cut in the album and yeah the remix is dope too. Personally I think Significant Other is a better album but nevertheless it is one album that I recommend to every Limp Bizkit fan.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I was expecting less from &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; than what we all got from &quot;Significant Other&quot;. When I bought the CD, however, I was amazed by all of the awesome tracks. The song &quot;My Generation&quot;, which I saw on MTV a few weeks ago, which already became a favorite of mine, both the rap and rock versions of &quot;Rollin'&quot; (the rap one features DMX and others as well), and also the powerful track entitled &quot;The One&quot;. If you loved &quot;Significant Other&quot; and &quot;3 Dollar Bill, Yall$&quot;, then pick up a copy of &quot;Chocolate Starfish...&quot; before there's none left.
B000002J23|3.0|...beyond faces and names and approach Drama completely open-minded and without preconceptions of any kind.  If you take the view of comparing this to other Yes albums, chances are you will end up using the CD as a coaster.  Drama fails somewhat miserably when compared as such.  But if you take the alternative view, look beneath the surface, beyond mere appearances, and approach this strictly based on the music, you will probably enjoy Drama, but not all of it.  Which makes for both an engaging and troubling listening experience.  Hence the 3 star rating.     From a sonic standpoint, Drama is perhaps the heaviest Yes record, and somewhat of a precursor to the polished album-rock pop style that surfaced later on 90125.  Even though this was  the end for Yes (at the time), you could hear the future in the present:  the art-rock pop leanings of Steve Howe and Geoff Downes's next group Asia.  Howe seems to re-invent his style here, moving more into a rock based approach, and away from his previous jazz, classical, and country leanings.  It is interesting to note that Howe used all solidbodied guitars (a Les Paul, a Telecaster, and a Stratocaster) as opposed to the hollowbodies he favored before.  He has a much heavier sound here than on previous albums.  Downes, even though this was his only appearance on a Yes record, brought a welcome freshness to the sound and a sharp contrast from Rick Wakeman's excessive style with his tighter melodic rhythms that would play such a huge role in Asia's early success.  His approach was in support of the melody as opposed to playing over it, yet when turned loose, Downes displayed great chops.   As for the rhythm section, Alan White is at his most bombastic on this record.  His drum sound here is huge, and way out front in the mix.  Even with the less progressive nature of the music, he still plays some complex parts, such as the deceptive pattern (not as easy to play as it sounds) on the intro to &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; and the nice 4/4 to 5/8 time shifts on &quot;Does It Really Happen?&quot;.  It is Chris Squire, however, who really comes to the front on Drama.  This record is arguably the best display of his bass prowess.  It appears to be a bit of a coincidence that at this point, Squire was the lone surviving original Yes member, and he uses his tenure to dominate the proceedings like never before.  He is essentially the lead player on this album,  as it appears many of the songs appear to constructed around a bass groove.  He is also more out front vocally as well.     As for the songs themselves, they are a mixed bag.  &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; is perhaps the best song here, a mini-epic in true Yes fashion with many elements of classic Yes songs- frenzied Howe solos, propulsive Squire bass lines, and wonderful three-part vocal harmony. The intro is very atypical of Yes, sounding something like Black Sabbath(?!) meets Pink Floyd's &quot;In The Flesh?&quot;, a slow and doomlike dirge.  At first listen, you actually think it is someone else.  &quot;White Car&quot; is completely disposable and useless.  Why was it even written?  It sounds more like a leftover musical idea left undeveloped.  If this had been developed into a full song, it may have been interesting.  In this form, it's merely filler.  &quot;Does It Really Happen?&quot;, with its pseudo-dance groove, is the poppiest song Yes ever wrote to this point, and the best indication of the future Yes sound.  &quot;Into The Lens&quot; is equally catchy (musically) and annoying (lyrically).  It probably would have been better if it had been a bit shorter.  As it is, it drags too long.  &quot;Run Through The Light&quot; is the most concisely structured song, a track that screams &quot;single!&quot;.  Howe's guitar performance on this song points sonically towards his Asia work.  The bass line, actually played by Trevor Horn, adds a novel, arty element to the song.  &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot; has a punky new wave feel to it, a song thatbelongs in its time and nowhere else.  With such a title (Latin for &quot;time flies&quot;) you would think it would be much more progressive, but actually feels more like a dated, late 70's new wave song. A really cool Squire bass line and some nice vocals here though. Not the best place to go to start a collection, but mostly for completists, those who happened to like Asia's first album and Yes's 90125.  That is, if you can get past the name on the cover.
B00004XONN|5.0|Those who have written negative reviews of &quot;Kid A&quot; know absolutely nothing about music.  Radiohead's latest release is so good that it makes me want to give up on my own music completely; everything that I could ever hope to achieve lies in this masterpiece.  Not only is the concept brilliant, but the music is innovative and beautiful.  &quot;Kid A&quot; establishes Radiohead as perhaps the most important popular band of the last thirty years....
B00004XOWM|5.0|I wasn't sure really what to expect on this album.  I was looking forward to it ever since I purchased Significant Other.  This album really capitalizes Limp's image, which I think is great!!  Even though I like all of the tracks on here, some of my favorites are &quot;Hot Dog&quot;, &quot;Rollin&quot;, &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;My Way&quot;, &quot;Livin' It Up&quot;, and &quot;The One&quot;.  I give Limp Bizkit lots of credit for writing such a great album in such a sort amount of time especially with all the high expectations.  I would say they have created another must have CD for the new millenium!
B00004WG2F|1.0|Unsatisfying, grotesque, lame parable about selling out.  Pitt tries for smoldering, but comes off smarmy.  Ormond is aloof and never connects with anyone, let alone her character.  The little brother is pitiable and loathsome.  Hopkins is the only bright spot - making the best of a flawed role.<br />Save your money.
0375420525|4.0|Vacationing in France, staying in a creaky medieval house, I read House of Leaves. The setting was right for this intriguing poetic,playful and haunting book about the nature of perception and being. The multi-layered plots overlap and inform each other with the reader jumping backwards and forwards through the book to read appendices, footnotes etc.The meta-narrative offers frames and layers, positively Borgesian in places,but sometimes just too glibly streetwise and punky. A curious thing. Visiting a village in Provence half-way through the book I saw a poster for La Strada - the old Fellini film. The main character of the movie is called Zampano. The narrator - blind and old (a little  Borges reference?) in the book is also called Zampano. What might this signify? The footnotes drive you to seek out the booksmentioned - some real some fictional. trutand reality overlap - offering a wonderful frame from which to view our assumptions about trut and reality. Have fun... its a great and haunting read. Zeno
B00000JCOV|1.0|THIS GROUP OF GUYS ARE PHONY.LIMP,KORN,DISTURBED,KID ROCK ARE THE WONDERS OF THE ROCK RAP LIFE AND SLIPKNOT CAN'T BITE ON THEM.
B00000612Q|5.0|This album would be worth owning for &quot;Italian Girls&quot; and &quot;You Wear It Well&quot; alone but the rest of it is terrific, too.  Even if you despise the cartoon Rod became in the late 70's, he was once and can still be at times, one of the best rock performers and singers ever.  This album, along with &quot;Every Picture...&quot; and a few others proves it.
0452281881|5.0|I literally fell across 'e' while looking for 'Syrup' by Maxx Barry...Matt Beaumont's first novel stood next to it alphabetically.  Just got off a Dulles-to-SFO flight and confirmed that these 346 pages can be devoured in one sitting.  I must have looked like a complete whacko sitting in my seat with tears of laughter running down my cheeks.<br />Folks, this may be the funniest book you ever read bar none.  And amazingly, it is told completely in e-mail format.  Takes you about 10 pages to get used to it, but after that it flows smooth and easy.  Who would have thought that such complete character development was possible via e-mail dialogue?<br />By the end of the book, you could show me 10 of these missives and I could identify the author of each one.  Beaumont is just amazingly creative in this effort.  The groundwork he lays for the intricate e-mail exchanges is breathtaking.<br />Just one character to watch out for (among many):  Simon Horne, head of Creative Services.  A completely amazing creation...all the more because Beaumont has no doubt drawn him from his experiences in the advertising industry.<br />I feel the need to spread the word about this great book.
0316779237|4.0|This is over the top and under the edge and into your face type humor. I didn't sense a single misstep: David Sedaris is a writer's writer.  As a humorist, you, the reader, must decide if his style appeals to you.  I know some people who would be horrified by this book. But I liked it.<br />I did not, however, LOVE it. I respect good writing to the utmost.  You get that here.  I respect an author who has control over his stories in every aspect.  You get that, too. I love humor more than anything, but...but...but I couldn't get around the fact that there was NOTHING nice in this book.  I mean, zero.  I  honestly feel that as humans we have SOME redeeming qualities,and I know he was kidding, but it was kind of creepy.<br />David Sedaris is really, really good at what he does.  In fact, there is no one out there who can top him at this.  So go ahead and get this book if you like, but don't expect me to say &quot;I laughed out loud through the whole thing&quot; or &quot;I laughed so hard the tears were falling down my face&quot; because, for me, that wasn't the case.  Four stars for top quality writing from a top quality writer.  One star missing for humanity.<br />best,  jean
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit pulls it off again!  The awsome sounds from Rollin' and My Generation are only the tip of the iceberg that everyone knows.  With this CD there's only one way to play it in the vehicle.....LOUD!
B00004XOWM|1.0|There are two versions of rollin...need i say more.
6305535264|5.0|Despite what critics have said about Saturn 3, I think it is a very good science fiction film. Another good meshing of science fiction and gothic horror. It may seem like a futuristic version of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, however, it is still a very good film. One of the many best that ITC Entertainment has ever produced. It goes to show you that the British are one of the best film industries in the world.<br />This was the first R-rated film I ever saw, and I was amazed at how the film looked as well as the storyline, and special effects. Most of all, the acting, costumes, sets, the works. The film tells the story about a couple who work on one of Saturn's moons, developing a new hydroponics system for a starving Earth. The old man(played wonderfully by Kirk Douglas)is someone who has rejected Earth and its way of life. The young woman(played really well by Farrah Fawcett)is someone who was born on a colony and has never seen or been to Earth. Along comes a terrorist(played by the ever great Harvey Keitel), who has originally murdered the original pilot who has come to Saturn 3, to help the two scientists get back on schedule. As part of that help, he builds a robot, the first in its series, named Hector. Unfortunately, due to the pilot's instability, the robot becomes a threat and starts a rampage, which forces the two scientists to sacrifice everything they have in order to survive and overcome the odds. Plus the old man making the ultimate sacrifice.<br />It may be a bit like Ridley Scott's masterpiece, ALIEN, however, Saturn 3 is still a very good and entertaining film. Not only with a wonderful soundtrack by The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, but with its solid storyline and plot. If you enjoy science fiction, be sure to check this film out. It's certainly better than Star Trek and its spinoffs, let alone the film Supernova. It even has a nude scene with Farrah Fawcett that's pretty good too.
B00000612P|5.0|Greil Marcus once said, &quot;Never has there been a more naturally-gifted rock singer than Rod Stewart and never has a singer betrayed his gift more completely&quot;.  Whether you agree with that or not, even Marcus agrees that this album is one of the finest ones ever recorded.  Rod had so much heart and humor back then and this album is packed with both.  Songs like the title track actually make you glad to be alive and I know I'll never grow tired of them.  Even if you hate what Rod Stewart became later on, you will love this record.  Trust me.  This is rock and roll at its most hearfelt and heartbreaking.
B000002MY3|1.0|courtney love is WAY better then alanis when it comes to expressing the pain and anger. alanis is just a breeze compared to courtney's lovely screaming! &quot;voilet&quot; makes &quot;you outta know&quot; look like a lame exuse of a song. alanis on this album the ONLY song that has ANY anger is &quot;you outta know&quot; the rest are just faliaures to that track and don't live up to the singer's hype. the only songs that are actually good are &quot;head over feed&quot;,&quot;all i really want&quot; and &quot;not the doctor&quot;. one song on the album tries to disprove krama and make it look like a joke the song is called &quot;wake up&quot; and it just provokes and just down right tells that it's &quot;ok&quot; to do stuff that's bad and mean and it will never come back to you. which since i KNOW alot about krama the idiots who followed that message in that song and did bad and mean stuff WILL all get it back! alanis whines too much in the album the background music is awful is some songs. the artcover looks so tacky and faded. the album is not one who is looking for REAL female anger! if you want female anger go get HOLE's &quot;live through this&quot; a MUCH better album then this one!<br />also it was ironic that alanis had a song called &quot;you learn&quot; then she had a song that disproved it called &quot;wake up&quot;.
