B000002NHN|5.0|It`s very relaxing hear it, a mysterious touch and precious sound
B00000FCBC|4.0|Garage, Inc. is an interesting and diverse compilation of Metallica's covers.  Sure to please any Metallica fan, it seems to cross the years in the range of styles they use, from hard-and-heavy monsters such as &quot;So  What&quot; to the rustic, haunting melodies of &quot;Turn the Page&quot;.   Though probably too esoteric for the casual listener, any true Metallica  fan will not be disappointed.
B000001FC0|5.0|I got this album on the day my father was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 1987. It helped me get through the next three months until his death. Roland Orzabal sings with such feeling and emotion - he helped me to  confront the sadness and anger I felt over the loss of my dad. The song  &quot;Shout&quot; is a great release (in both meanings of the word), and  &quot;Everybody Wants To Rule The World&quot; is wonderful during a long  drive to think things over. But it is &quot;I Believe&quot; - so sweet and  true - that lets you know things will get better. I find it hard to listen  to this album now - but every now and then you need to return to a time  when you learned about what is really important in your life - and music  can take you back.
B000002HRE|5.0|ReLoad, even more than it's sister album Load, is a truly masterful piece of work, mixing Metallica's trademark apocalyptic sound with new, innovative sounds to create an awesome and inspired album.  The lyrics are  also more intellogent than ever before--one more reason no rock fan should  be caught without it.
0783222955|5.0|&quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; was a shining beacon during a very dark period in the history of my home state. Harper Lee's novel of racial and class divisions in depression era Alabama has been translated to the screen  with sensitivity and understanding. Gregory Peck gives the finest  performance of his distinguished career as Atticus Finch - a truly good man  trying to guide his children through life's harsh realities. I believe this  extraordinary novel and film actually hastened the civil rights movement by  showing us the awful truth. But I love &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot;  because it redeems the South and gives me hope.
B000002HMH|5.0|I beleive Metallica's Load is, along with it's sister album ReLoad, the single most awesome piece of modern metal in existance.  With this album's intense sound and thoughtful lyrics, Metallica has once again redefined the  field of rock and roll.  Unquestionably, an indespensible album in any true  rock fan's collection.
0345363132|5.0|I read this book several years ago in the hardback form.  It's huge size and heavy weight belied what an easy read it was.  Ms. Penman's greatest gift is her ability to breathe life into her characters to the point where  you feel you know them personally and become emotionally involved with  them.  It was hard to reach the end of this book for two reasons:  (1) I  didn't want it to end the way I knew it had to, and (2) it was such  wonderful reading I just wanted it to go on and on.  Ms. Penman is truly  gifted.  I always recommend her books to anyone who loves reading history.
B000002H6C|4.0|Though certainly sophisticated and powerful, ...And Justice for All is not quite as impressive as some of Metallica's other works.  It seems caught between two worlds--not quite as fierce as their earlier works, and without  the haunting beauty of their later material.  Still, it is an excellent  album, and a worthy addition to any rock fan's collection.
6303313345|5.0|A lot of action, if you like action movies this one you must see
B000002BE9|5.0|This entire cd is excellent, but I must admit that 'Criminal' stands out as especially good. Can admitting your wrong, and even beating yourself up about it, be sexy? She obviously thinks so, and after listening to this  song I can't help but agree. All around a great listen.
B000002NAK|5.0|I knew Maddonna could pull this off.  Knowing a lot about history and Evita, I couldn't have casted a better person.  Madonna just suited this to the max.  What I loved was that she didn't take on the Material girl voice.   She sang just like a broadway star...and who doesn't love singing along  with broadway songs?  The movie was so perfect.  The music is definitely up  to par...considering that Andrew Lloyd Weber is one of the greatest  broadway musical writers ever to exist...Just a little pointer...If you  live in Massachusetts, go to Newbury Comics...I just bought it there for  $8.99
079213690X|4.0|A history teacher of mine once remarked to me that the soldiers who fought in medieval wars had to be psychotic to line up in such a fashion and charge each other in such a manner. This film has wonderfully dramatic  battle sequences that will see you saying &quot;There's been nothing but  bloodshed for 10 minutes now.&quot; and then at the end, looking at the  aftermath and saying &quot;we didn't see that many people die.&quot;<br />     This film also offers an insightful reflection on the nature of patriotism,  and the steps a people will, and perhaps must, take to insure their  personal rights and liberties.
0345298349|4.0|Gorky Park has action and three-dimensional characters.  It's colorful and yet it has all the shades of gray. Not knowing anything about Russia, I found its evocation irresistable.  Arkady is a human star  -- he has faults  and is very human, yet he's a star that nobody can defeat, not the KGB, not  the FBI, nor any of the other assorted Russian or American baddies he  encounters.  Well, he does have woman troubles....
0385493800|5.0|OK folks ... no one is going to accuse John Grisham of writing &quot;GREAT LITERATURE&quot;.  He himself describes it as &quot;entertainment&quot; in &quot;Newsweek&quot; magazine this week.  However, his recent  &quot;entertainments&quot;, including and since &quot;The Runaway  Jury&quot;, have been a bit thin in this humble writer's opinion.  Until  now.<br />With &quot;The Testatment&quot;, Grisham has put together an  altogether different main character and actually seems to be saying  something within the dramatic episodes of Conrad-esque trips down Brazilian  rivers, bouts of strange, exotic diseases and a quest on the part of  protagonist Nate O'Riley to find a woman who doesn't want to be found.  What's more, she doesn't - gasp! - want the billions of dollars left to her  by her eccentric father Troy Phelan, a man whose personality and family,  while one-dimensional, still manage to come across strongly to the reader  as people you wouldn't want to know in real life.<br />While Nate makes his  outward journey through Brazil, and his inner journey through the various  faults and addictions he possesses, he is always a thoroughly believable  character, an honest one, a man slowly realizing the shallowness of the  things of this world.  The book's narrative and knowledge of Brazil are  first-rate and the pace is, as always, breakneck.  If I hadn't had to go  back to my damn job this afternoon, I'd have finished this book by 3 PM  today.  Read it expecting nothing but top-notch entertainment and a wild  ride ... plus a spiritual side that will surprise and, I think, please many  of Grisham's devoted fans.  I was quite pleased.
B00000ADG2|5.0|The best CD I have listened to in a long time
B00000EZTQ|5.0|Those movies are one of the best selling videos  ever too hit on tape and screen. Halloween   is the most popular ones. Halloween starring  Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) and Doctor Loomis (Dolnald Pleasence) were the  main characters besides Michael Myers. You all thing he's the boogey man,  but only he is the Devil who has never spoken a word waiting for Halloween  to go and kill his sister, Doctor Loomis said that  Michael Myers has the  blackiest eyes the   devils eyes. Then Halloween two came to the series.  Starring Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) start with the continueing of  part one where he tries to kill his sister in the hospital.
0441003257|1.0|I read this book hoping to get the &quot;Colour of Magic&quot; or &quot;The Light Fantastic&quot; thrill of reading it, but was not impressed.
B000000WF0|1.0|I miss the old days, when you could buy a 45 single for about $1 or so.  With 45's, you could buy a hit song for not much money, then flip it over and listen to the flip side, which usually was a lesser album track, or  maybe a minor experiment by the band.  You could then decide whether buying  the album would be worth it.  The initial outlay was only a buck, you got  the song you wanted, and if you didn't like the flip side, it was no big  loss.<br />Now, today, you pretty much have to buy a full album to get the  song you want.  Oh, sure, there are CD singles, but they cost -- what --  about 6 to 8 dollars?  At that price, you're better off buying the full  album for a few bucks more.  And the recording industry knows that.<br />The  Verve is a band that have benefited from today's limiting way of buying  music.  If something akin to cheap 45's still existed, they'd probably be  one-hit wonders.  Everybody would buy Bittersweet Symphony and forget about  buying the full album.  Because that's basically all that is *worth* buying  from this band.  The rest is major filler.  Unfortunately, you see too many  bands nowadays that get away with doing this.  I figure that the recording  industry doesn't really care.  &quot;It doesn't matter whether a band is  only good for one or two songs, because the poor suckers will have to buy  the full album to get those songs anyway!  Bwahahaha!&quot;
B000001Y79|5.0|All the songs ROCK, and they all have a different blend that makes the CD turn out to be like the best tasting smoothie ever made! I love No Doubt, Gwen rocks, and I want to be just like her when I grow up! &quot;I'm just   girl&quot; has the most amazing beat, and just makes me wanna jump up and  down! Also the song about sisters is amazing! It reminds me of my sisters  and I, we are all close in age (17,18, and 19) and we are all best friends!  I would give this CD 20 stars if I could!
0783228600|5.0|If you like movies that are not for the masses ,then you will want to buy this a.s.a.p.! The added spice of Terry Gilliam makes this movie PERFECT!, So Hold on!! this movie is &quot;NOT POP FEED THE MASSES&quot;
0446310786|5.0|I read this book in the 6th grade and I loved it. I am now in the 8th. This book pointed out the problems that occur when you have a prejudice against someone or a group of people. I have lived in Alabama all of my  life, and it is nothing like that in case you were wondering. While most  kids are forced to read this book, I chose this book. It opened up my eyes  to the past. I would recommend this book to everyone.
6304618344|5.0|What does it take to make a masterpiece? Talented, charismatic actors; great aesthetic sense, in form of color, camera angles, and editing; a twisted, intricate plot; and great directing. Face/Off did succeed in all  these prerequisistes with a style that is filled with passion. Passionate  characters, whose actions, which could seem absurd in everyday life, are  perfectly reasonable inside the tangled web of sky-rocketing events that  happen around them. All in all, a movie made with passion. In the hands of  other filmmakers, it could be called corny; in John Woo's hands, it becomes  a tragedy-like drama.
B00000HYXB|5.0|This record has to be one of the most memorable and simply outrageous in the history of metal and music in general. Based on the story of J.R.R. Tolkien's &quot;The Silmarion&quot;, it will send you in a magical medieval  journey. It's almost like a theatrical play, 'cause it includes dialogues  and short singing parts between powerful and extremely energetic songs with  masterpiece compositions and beautiful melodic guitar solos that just can't  be topped. Check out &quot;Mirror mirror&quot; or &quot;When sorrow  sang&quot; (among many others) and the excellent ballad-like  &quot;Nightfall&quot; and &quot;Noldor(Dead winter reigns)&quot;. This  album will have you singing along the very first time you listen to those  brilliant choruses in every song. It is, hands down, a must have for every  power-progressive or any other type of metal fan, and even for fans who  don't like metal so much.
6305076995|1.0|Unless you are a real (and I mean real) die-hard fan, take a pass. The quality is pathetic, but you do get to see them as they were. I'm a big Yes fan, and I wouldn't have bought this had I seen it first.
0385474547|5.0|This is one of the first books in a long time that I have gotten in the character. I am in 8th grade and I chose this book because I wanted to get away from English authors. First of all, I love to read and I get to choose  my lit. books. This book explains African customs very well. I read that  one reviewer could not get over the beatings. That is an African custom.  Wives are treated more like property than people sometimes. Overall, I  would recommend this book only to people who are willing to read this book.  You can only enjoy a book if you are not forced to read it.
6304467540|5.0|I have never seen a better movie than the godfather.  Simply the best Mafia movie ever made.  Marlon Brando play his part like no one else could.  The first was by far the best but the second wasn't far behind.
0802713319|5.0|It shows how beautifully raw emotion, dogged determination, and esthetic sensibility rule even in that world of seemingly detached, methodical thought: mathematics!
0553284347|5.0|Sometimes your choices in life are between good and better, good and bad, and sadly, bad and worse than bad.  Having toxic parents is a bad vs. worse than bad situation.  However, this book has gone a long way in helping me  to understand my situation and choices. I feel the most important lesson is  to not judge success or failure by what your parents say and do but by what  you say and do. Finally, I hate to think about what the long term  consequences to myself and my family would have been had I not gained the  insight provided by Dr. Forward's years of practical experience.
0792151712|3.0|On my last review I made a mistake. I accidently said both lovers die on the boat. I meant to say only Jack dies. Excuse me.
B000000OTU|5.0|This is the best C
6304539282|5.0|What does it take to make an excellent movie? One that is the best in the whole wide world? One that is watchable over and over again? One that is just enjoyable the millioneth time just like the first? The Star Wars  movies. Each one is an epic and climatic adventure filled with battles and  wars in a galaxy far far away. The plot is the average good vs evil, light  side against dark side. The caracters in the movies are likable and the  villains are dislikable. In this trilogy the rebels must defeat the plans  of the Empire and restore peace and freedom to the galaxy. Accompaning them  is Luke Sky Walker, a boy who longs to be a jedi like his father.  Throughout the journy he learns more about himself and his destiny and his  past. Harrison Ford is wonderful as Han Solo, James Earl Jones is  magnificent as the voice of Vader, and Frank Oz is terrific as Yoda. This  trilogy is packed with romance, laughter, action, adventure, and nonstop  thrills. One must see this movie to belive it. The music is excellent and  the sound effects are loud. The Star Wars trilogy deserves thirty academy  awards. You'll have to see it to believe it. If I could give this trilogy  more than five stars I would.
0783801602|5.0|Tom Clancy puts tons of action into this novel.  He is very detailed but not blurry in his description of the elite force and it's missions.  Clancy has done again what I think he does best, developed a smart, realistic, and  very frightening possibilty of terrorism and war.
0316152196|4.0|Angel's Flight is what I have come to expect from Connelly--a very intricate plot woven with complex characters and sufficient suspense to keep you guessing to the end.  I did like Blood Work a little more--my only  disclaimer this read was a few too many twists and final denouements. Minor  quibbles aside I can always count to enjoying a very satisfying read and  eager for the next Connelly book.
6303433766|5.0|Never, ever have I seen a film as unique as this.  I bought the video on a hunch.  My knowledge of the history surounding it coupled with my attraction to movies detailing the awakening into young womanhood only  enriched the experience.  This is a vital piece in my video collection and  I sincerely hope we American audiences will soon have access to the  anticipated New Zealand version, the way the director intended!
6305205620|5.0|I rented the video, and I like live concerts---I just got my home theater up and running, and if  you would like to be at a Metallica concert without actually being there, this has to be it--- I do not like hard rock, but  this video is a tour de force----everything from fireworks to you name  it---and a lot of special features----get the two disc set---not one of the  separate parts---highly recommended, well recorded sound, and lighting,   and a real theatrical performance by these rockers-my hats are off to them,  and I do now respect their artistry more---after watching the two video  discs in the set----If you are a Metallica fan and don't have this, go out  and buy  a home theater just for this one set :)
6304539282|5.0|These are among the best movies I've ever seen.  And you don't have to go out and buy them all seperately, they come all in 1!  I also can'y wait for Epsiode1: The Phantom Menace to come out on May 21st.
B000002B5L|5.0|buy this cd. Killing me softly is moving, No woman no cry stiring, Paridise Manifesto beond words. A must for all people.
0385473788|5.0|Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl is quite possibly one of the most timeless works of literature.  When I first read the book at about age eleven, I was amazed at the perfect clarity with which this girl who had  lived so long ago and so far away had described my own feelings.  I have  since read it and reread it several times.  The book also stands as a  testimony to the indominability of the human spirit and the belief in the  goodness of humanity.  This should be the number one book on everyone's  &quot;to read&quot; list.
0425105709|4.0|Hercule Poirot is not bound to the armchair in this one!  The story is twisted, and thoroughly enjoyable.  Just when you think you have it, the tables are turned.  As usual Poirot explains it for all to see at the end,  but the facts are not as clear as in most of Christie's other books and  this is evident in his having moments of self-doubt, which is a bit  uncharacteristic and gives the whole affair a bit of an unusual flair.  He  actually guesses at one point, a tactic normally as foreign to H. Poirot as  to Mr. Spock!<br />The hint:  remember the bloodstains on the carpet!
6305014140|5.0|This with out question is the best Ninja film ever! Anime or otherwise. If you are a fan of Action, Anime and the Martial Arts then this is the best film since the Saturday afternoon Kung Fu Theater! Hollywood its time for  the movie. Who is fast enough or man enough to play Jubei Kipagami??
0688158129|2.0|The plot had such potential then offered very little.  To many characters undeveloped I like to know my characters feel thier pain,happiness ect. I was not able to connect. The ending was also a source of great   disappointment Too bad.
6305205620|2.0|Having been a huge Metallica fan for almost half of my 34 years, it was no surprise to me that I would plunk down $30 for this DVD. New video technology, excellent sound, etc. were all reasons to buy this. The quality  of this video is exceptional. Great camera work, sound, lighting. It was  all great. But Metallica has lost the edge they used to have. Hearing James  Hetfield straining on vocals, I couldn't sit through this video. Although  the musicianship is still top-notch, they sound to me like a very tired  band. The newer material is also not my cup of tea and to have only a  medley of the killer old stuff, it just didn't do it for me. I own almost  everything Metallica ever put out, cd's and videos, but had to draw the  line on Re-Load. I may pick it up at a second-hand cd store sometime. Kirk  Hammett remains the best guitarist in the world as does Lars Ulrich on  drums. Diehard Metallica fans-buy this DVD. Those old timers-spend your  money elsewhere.
B00000DLVA|5.0|I didn't really care for Lovefool very much, but after hearing &quot;My Favourite Game&quot; on the radio, I thought that I might check out this album. The Cardigans have established a darker and more mature sound with  this new album and I cannot stop listening to this. All of the tracks are  fabulous, except &quot;Explode&quot;. This album is for any fan of trip-hop  or even alternative music. Anybody who gives this album anything under four  stars does not appreciate or recognize good music when it appears in front  of them. I hope that those who ripped apart this album with one-star  reviews stay away from all other good albums so that they don't curse them  - with bad reviews. All &quot;Lovefool&quot; fans should stay away also -  this new sound is not at all like that annoying top 40 hit. &quot;Gran  Turismo&quot; is a wonderful and dark way to escape the torture of peppy,  annoying music that you'll often find plauging the radio stations.
0385311400|5.0|It all started when my wife got it as a gift, and I being stubborn, was not interested in a romance. She said it's more than that. BOY WAS SHE RIGHT!! Sometimes all I can think about are these books and how Ms.  Gabaldon has linked EVERYTHING together. I've just re-read book four and  have noticed something that all our friends or people in this review have  not noticed. Not to give it away, but look at the very last line in  'Drums&quot; and keep that in mind when you read the series again. By the  way, you all think that Claire won't go back to her time....I think there  is the chance. Remember her what she found, It's her legacy, her &quot;tica  ba&quot;. For you readers who think the tension is gone, think on that one.  These stories have me gripped. Anything can happen and if you think  everything is going to be good remember what happen to Ian.. I do. It got  me pretty choked up. I for one find it hard to imagine the possibility that  I may never see my family again.    And so I'm on pins and needles waiting  for &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot;. I have a feeling that Guellie started  something that has not yet ran it's full course. (I love how the author  throws her in once and a while). So Jamie and Claire are yet to survive the  fire cause I really want them to. After knowing what Frank did (read the  book) anything can happen. Brianna and Roger (whom I feel for Roger cause  he underwent a LOT!!) are bringing in a &quot;new?&quot; McKenzie clan ....  .....things will come full circle. I can't wait. Great, great, great,  great, great excellent writing and SO DARN REAL!!!!!!!!!!!
006109594X|1.0|One of the worst book I have ever read.  Simplistic, childish, flat, apply to the plot, the prose, and the characters.  The characters are righteous, simplistic, bigots with very little to offer in the way of interest.  The  weak plot is further undermined by a very apparent lack of knowledge of  what the author is writing about.  As another reviewer pointed out, he  makes it all seem so simple and obvious.  The good guys never make a  mistake (after the initial tragedy) and everything just seems to fall into  their laps.  I offer the following as examples:<br />1 - The terrorist makes  it extremely easy for the good guys by using his own name ON A FAKE  PASSPORT ?!?!?!<br />2 - Only one man figures out that this was not an  accident?  How about all the nuclear experts in the civilian sector?  Even  my wife knows that a nuke does not &quot;go off by itself&quot;.<br />There  are other examples too numerous to mention.  Suffice it to say that this  book is not worth the time or the money.<br />Just by the way -- While Iran is  predominantly Muslim, it is NOT an Arab state.  It is a Persian state with  a different language and a different historical background.  The author  could not get even something as simple as this correct.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is the first Beatles album I ever heard. I had been familiar with Here Comes the Sun from the dinosaur rock radio station, but I never new that there was an underlying genius under those tape racks.... At the time  I didn't like Something that much--It reminded me too much of The Long and  Winding Road--but now, I realize now how beautiful it is. Obviously  Harrison's best, and one of the top 10 Beatles numbers,  but more  importantly I dont think Ive ever heard a bass guitar like that since I  first heard it. I think Revolver is the Beatles best album, but Abbey Road  will always be the one that made me go buy every one of thiers within 10  weeks.  If you have any kids who are only beginning to understand or get  into music, be sure you slip this in to their experience.
B000002NHN|5.0|I first came across Lorenna Mckennitt's music as a regular  listener to Art Bell's Dreamland radio program where it is used as bumper music between show segments. I was immediately drawn to its unique and fresh sounds. It  may be considered within the Celtic music category but &quot;The Book Of  Secrets&quot; contains ballads that sound Medieval, Minstrel, Middle  Eastern, Folk, and Oriental in nature. Let's call it &quot;Millennia  Music&quot; and start a new movement! The enchanting instrumentals and  Loreena's Angelic voice are blended with timeless ancient poetry to form a  festive ambrosia of unique creativity. The CD comes with handsomely crafted  booklet containing information on each of the eight songs and has their  lyrics in English and in what I believe to be the ancient Celtic language.  &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; is my favorite selection, &quot;The  Highwayman&quot; the most poetic, and &quot;Night Ride Across The   Caucasus&quot; the most image provoking. Lorenna's music speaks to the  restless nomad within our souls seeking to quench our insatiable curiosity.  She beacons you to join her on this mystic sojourn and as Lao Tzu once  said, &quot;A good traveler has no fixed plans  and is not intent on  arriving'.
B000002UYZ|1.0|(Material: 5 stars) One of these days Capitol will pay for their treatment of the Beatles catalog. Dont get me wrong! 62-66 and 67-70 were the first Beatles records (tapes actually) I ever heard, and went from there to buy  every Beatles work...luckily the Parlophone reissues of 87 had just become  available so I got those. What a mess Capitol made of those albums in the  60s!! Quite a tragedy. Now here we are, nearly 40 years later, and the only  hits packages availible to new Beatles listeners fail to include Long Tall  Sally, She Said She Said, Rain, Tomorrow Never Knows, The Inner Light, Dear  Prudence??? I know its sort of nostalgic to have the original Red and Blue  Records---but I think Apple and Capitol/EMI need to reevaluate some things.  Two collections featuring these and other milestones of pop wouldve really  added a nice touch. But, alas, Im not in some stupid office high above  Hollywood and Vine.  I have an old vinyl copy of Revolver--and you know  what? It sounds better than my CD.
B000001FI7|5.0|This is one of those CD's that you listen 3 to 7 times a day for 3 months straight and never get tired of it. The only weak song in the album is track 6. And even then its not all half bad. A must buy!
B00000AFGM|4.0|well done but not quite as good as antichrist
B000003TSP|5.0|Great stuff....Noone sounds like portishead! This album doesnt have as much bass as Dummy but it has more texture. This is not Trip-Hop. This is lay-in-your-couch-in-the-dark-and-dream-about-vampires music. Impossible to  descibe...a must have.
B000000OU4|5.0|it's hard to say which of his albums (excuse me, cd's) is his best. This is one of my favorite &quot;group&quot; efforts...if you're a die hard pmg fan like myself, check out track 4, 'to the end of the world'...it's great  and you won't hear it on the radio!!!...bottlenose
B0000060NA|5.0|you heard it as a teen if you're as ancient as i am...hear it again as a grown-up child...totally awesome...the lyrics, the complexity of the songs...not many in this century, especially in this confounded blase pop  era, can surpasss...! just buy it!...bottlenose in nc
B000002GJ7|5.0|I'll probably never stop listening to my four Extreme records.  It's music as music was meant to be played.  Truly inspiring.
B000001FKY|5.0|I love Def Leppard!They have to be one of the best heavy metal bands around.And &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot;is one of my all-time favorite songs.That and &quot;Animal&quot;.All the songs on this album have the  right rhythm and drum beat(thanks to Rick Allen),amazing guitar  sounds(thanks to Rick Savage,Phil Collen,and the late Steve Clark)and an  incredible lead singer(a BIG thanks to Joe Elliot).KEEP MAKNG  MORE,GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!
B000000OU6|5.0|Like it or not, Slash *IS* one of the greatest rock guitar players of all time, and this *IS* a strong album.  Not Guns N' Roses, maybe, but you've got to keep in mind that NOTHING is Guns N' Roses; they're at the top of  the rock pyramid.  To say &quot;maybe Axl was the talent&quot; is simply  wrong, as the solo work of Slash, Duff, and Izzy displays the broad  spectrum of rock brilliance to come out of that band.  Yeah, Axl's a genius  but so are these other guys as well.  Aerosmith as a whole doesn't come  close to touching one of them, and when they're all together (as they one  day shall be), watch out...
076782444X|5.0|It was a joy to see two Actors perfrom like Vanessa and Chaynne during the dance sequence.
B000002G0P|5.0|This album, along with Dream Theater's &quot;Images and Words&quot; and &quot;Awake,&quot; Steve Vai's &quot;Passion and Warfare,&quot; and Guns N' Roses &quot;Use Your Illusion I &amp; II,&quot; is one of the most  innovate, original, memorable, and enjoyable hard rock/ metal albums of the  nineties.  There's simply nothing else like it out there, and you're  seriously missing out if you haven't experienced this sonic paradise.
B000002JNJ|5.0|I think this is the best Pantera Album Yet
0679406689|5.0|Howard's End begins with a muddle and ends with a muddle - in between, characters from three distinct classes collide and all involved are forever changed. The independent, free thinking Schlegel sisters encounter Leonard  Bast, a young man desperately trying to keep from falling into the abyss of  poverty. They are determined to help him and pass on advice which they  think is sound, but is actually a thoughtless comment, from a wealthy  businessman, Henry Wilcox. When Leonard acts upon this information his  situation is worsened greatly and the younger Schlegel determines to make  things right. Henry's wife, Ruth, scribbles a death bed message bequeathing  her family country house, Howard's End, to the elder Schlegel - someone she  barely knew, but with whom she made a special connection. Ruth's message is  dismissed by her family as a dying woman's delerious last words. This is  the set up and it only gets better from here! Forster is a master at  weaving complicated stories filled with emotion and irony where even small  details can result in major consequences. His ability to create such fully  formed characters makes the reader feel strongly about what happens to  them. This is a fascinating and bittersweet story which rings true ninety  years after it was written. I saw the brilliant Merchant/Ivory film before  reading the book, so I was able to envision the characters and settings  vividly - I often wonder how I would have felt if I had read the book  first. I love this book and look forward to reading it a many more times in  my life.
0783225857|5.0|I love this movie
006017322X|5.0|I was born the year this book was published (1960), in Monroeville, Alabama - Harper Lee's hometown, and the model for the fictional town of Maycomb - so this book has been a part of my life since the beginning. I  have always been proud of my Southern heritage and I have Miss Lee to thank  for that. When I was a kid, a special friend and I would go down to the  courthouse and pretend we were Jem and Scout - the balcony is there and the  jail's across the street - and there was an big, old abandoned house that  we would say was the Radley place. Occasionally, we would see Miss Lee at  her daddy's store - but were always too much in awe of her to venture  anything more than &quot;hey!&quot;. She's still there part of the year -  though she's not seen much anymore. If I could speak with her, I'd thank  her for writing the book which redeemed the South, which I love, to the  world.
B00000EZTQ|3.0|The nightmare isnt over. And no it isnt.  This very bloody sequel isnt a bad movie, but its starting to turn into a slasher fest already. I did like the idea of it continuing from part 1.  Great to see this movie in  Widescreen though..
6304083769|4.0|the art in the movie is bugged out!!! these guys knows how to animat
078401213X|1.0|This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I couldn't wait for it to be over. I expected better after reading the reviews on this site but then it came to me and I realized that the only people who write reviews  are the few who liked it.  So I figure I should balance the reviews out by  telling you this movie is a total waste of time.
0553275976|5.0|This is one of those books where you can't wait to get home from work (you might even cancel a date) to get back to.  Great plot and believable characters...Tom Wolfe really gets you into their minds and their emotions.   I really liked it from start to finish.  And, like so many novels out  today, it wasn't corny.  It was very believable..even the way it ended with  Shreman McCoy still dealing with his problems.<br />My only criticism would be  that sometimes Tom Wolfe gets into some LONG oratories or explanations  which, often, I skipped over because they were tol laborious.<br />On the  other hand, I LOVED the social parties...Wolfe's description of the  &quot;ha ha ha&quot; and the &quot;heh heh heh&quot; was really a good  laugh.<br />This is one of the very few books that I'll probably read again.
6304493738|5.0|Before I had seen the DVD, I had already seen this movie once on VHS.  I loved it.  I strongly encourage anyone who has not yet seen it to do so. The commentary by the writer and the director is hilarious!  A WORD OF  CAUTION: DO NOT LISTEN TO THE COMMENTARY DURING YOUR FIRST VIEWING.
0790729733|5.0|I write from an outsider point of view as I am a 15 year old Colombian student:  I am interested in world affairs and sought in JFK an insight into late 20th century American history. Being familiar with several of the  world events at the time, JFK presented an incredible experience which led  me to find more and more about the Kennedy murder, Vietnam war, and America  in the 60s and 70s on the whole. I am a huge Oliver Stone fan and think JFK  is another confirmation of his genius.<br />As for performances I think Kevin  Costner did a good job -although I don´t generally like his acting- and as  usual, Tommy Lee Jones stole all the attention for every minute he appeared  on screen. <br />Amazing edition and majestic script. Only wonder how certain  scenes would sound in 5.1 DD  5 stars, two thumbs up, I know this movie  will be as exiting for any person as it was for me...
B000002L82|5.0|Power, Corruption, and Lies is best appreciated when one considers what passed for &quot;cutting edge&quot; music in 1983.  The Human League, Duran Duran, Kajagoogoo, and other makeup-wearing MTV bands all scored huge  mainstream hits during this era and became household names in the process.   All New Order did was release one of the most stunning albums of the 80's,  complete with what may have been THE most influential single (Blue Monday),  and somehow managed to remain a secret to all but the most knowledgeable  music fans.  I've got to believe that my junior year of high school would  have been a more pleasurable experience had I somehow been introduced to  New Order.  Better late than never, and trust me, it's still not too late  to appreciate this classic album.  It captures the band still trying to  find an identity after the demise of their previous incarnation, Joy  Division.  Unfortunately, as the 90's approached elements of blandness and  even cheesiness crept into the music, culminating in 1993's yukky Republic.   By this point, the music could have passed for Maddona, while the lyrics  were just too darned up-front, which exposed the lack of any lyrical depth.   If you liked what passed for progressive music in the early 80's, buy this  album and kick yourself for not having done it sooner.
1558216847|4.0|This story tells about the horrors of the Soviet regime.  The deportation of  thousands and millions of innocent people to hard labor camps.  It is written for interesting reading that one cannot forget about it.
0792151712|1.0|this movie was about two lovers that wasn't meant to be.  so they died in the end and that was very sad.  wasn't that familiar to the story of william shakespeare's romeo and juliet?  however, i certainly think that  romeo and juliet was a much better story that this one.  the writting was  better.  i think that hollywood had a good idea to do a movie of the  titanic, but they should not have gotten james cameron.  they should have  gotten somebody else.  if you want to see a story about the titanic, do  yourself a favor and see the musical.  it was much better than the movie.
B000002C4J|5.0|Let's talk about Love the album by Cline Dion is a great album.It has My Heart Will go on,Us,and many more great songs on it.You will be so greatful that you got it.It is a great gift.As my music teacher says music is a  great thing to hear.
B000001Y2U|5.0|What can I say? This CD is one of my best. For the record, however, I do think Mr. Manson is insane. But it really doesn't matter when you get down to it. The music is good and that's what matters. Just about all the songs  are worth listening to. Please mind that this album is much more metal and  screaming than Mechanical Animals, which is a more alternative style CD. If  you have not heard any of it, give it a listen and see what you think. The  main songs are 2 (Beautiful People) and 12 (Antichrist Superstar).  Note:  Any devout Christians should probably steer clear (Do I really need to say  that?). This isn't a politically correct album.
0441172717|5.0|A must read for ANYONE who remotely enjoys science fiction. A definite classic. The story is gripping for all 530 pages.
0780625129|5.0|See this movie and you will be move
0446310786|5.0|after not really understanding what was meant by the book the first time through i picked it up again and was surprised by how much i had missed.  to kill a mockingbird is a great book.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I don't know what 'ol Ludwig the 2nd a few reviews up is talking about (inept lyrics?), but there is nothing at all wrong with this CD. All the songs are great; I recommend it to everyone.
6305268835|5.0|adam is so funny in this movie. he is kind of retarded but that was what made this movie so funny. I am definetly goin to buy this movie when it comes out. I will probably going to watch it once a day. henry winkler was  pretty funny too. if i were you, i would see this movie right away. but of  course, most everybody has.
B000002U94|5.0|As a now 50's aged rocker,I am confidnet that  Seger and this CD is still among the best of what rock and roll has to offer for those who refuse to grow old.  A must to the collector of serious rock and roll music.
6305252521|4.0|The Truman Show is an excellent movie that plays well on DVD. Sound and picture quality is superior. The bonus material was among the poorest I've seen on newer DVDs. Only two trailers, and that's it. Additional bonus  material, such as a &quot;Making of&quot; or director's commentary, would  make this a 5-star DVD.
B00000AFFF|4.0|One of my favorite albums in college was a Bacharach-David collection.  Then came the 80's, and we seemed to part ways.  But Burt is back, en force, and the partnership forged with Costello makes for great listening!   I'm hoping they continue to team up on future projects.
0679416781|5.0|Savor every single phrase. If you haven't read it yet, trust me and take as long as you can to finish it.  Take your time, 'cause when it's over, you'll ache to have the experience of reading it back, to feel again.  An  indescribable wonder.
1573301051|5.0|This DVD is an exceptional value. Where else could you see Estefan, Twain, Deon, Carey and Carol King and Arethra Franklin all on the same stage. And to hear Twain, Deon and Estefan sing together behind the piano with Carol  King is a classic. It made me wish they could have sung more songs  together.
6305263248|4.0|Ronin is a great action chase movie with great acting by Robert Dinero
B00000ADG2|1.0|What the hell is this woman thinking. If u r going to swear on a CD, swear.  Dont just make the entire cd edited.  (O wait she cant, she is supposed to be the great role model)  Doo op is one of the worst songz i  have ever heard.
0060977493|5.0|I was totally captivated by the author's extraordinary ability to understand and express the thoughts of a child and to do so in a child's voice.  I am eagerly awaiting the author's next book.
B000002HRE|3.0|Re-load was the first Metallica album I bought, so it has a special place in my heart. But later I bought the &quot;black album&quot;, and I must say it is way better than Re-load. But Re-load is still quite good, I like it.  The best songs are Fuel, The Memory Remains, The Unforgiven II, Carpe Diem  Baby, Low Man's Lyric and Fixxxer.
079213690X|5.0|the movie braveheart is one of the most thrilling and breathtaking movies i have ever seen.Mel Gibson did an amazing job.This masterpiece was an action movie, but had a twist of romance and drama.While being extremely  riveted i learned much information about the History of Scotland.
6305171769|5.0|This chapter of the Halloween series is the best yet with the thrills of people popping out of nowhere and the stalking of Michael Myers. This is the best Halloween yet. I also give Jamie Lee Curtis's performance five  stars. If you like to see Michael Myers at his most violent you'll like  this movie...
B000002L5I|5.0|This last summer Kenny Wayne Shepherd opened for Van Halen and we were all wondering who the hell KWShepherd was.  Well, after rocking the place, he proved himself and I'm glad to hear &quot;Blue and Black&quot; on the radio  now.  This album rocks and so does Kenny--go see him live if you can!
0780622553|4.0|that about sums it up :-)<br />lots and lots and lots of style, not a whole lot of feeling.  terrific FX and some nice touches (the aliens' names, for example).  but a month or two later, I remember nothing but the ambience.  it was good ambience though :-)
6304259093|4.0|If you're anticipating gun-toting, kung-fu using, sword-fights-on-rooftops action, you'll be sorely disappointed with this movie.  If you're expecting a rich backdrop of urban decay mixed with darkly sumptuous tableaus of  personal depravity, you'll get what you came for.  The music was adequate,  and the scenes of Iggy Pop beating people down were memorable.  NB: If you  have no clue who Iggy Pop is, you probably won't get the movie.
1572522232|4.0|This movie makes no sense!  Why would a coven of witches start a dancing school?  Why would they kill people in such gory and attention-getting ways (couldn't they have just caused them to vanish, or make them appear to die  of natural causes, thus deflecting attention away from the school?)  What  was going on with Susy Banion and her first roommate, Olga (was Olga in on  the scheme, or what?  Did I miss something?)  That said, Suspiria is a  wonderful film!  Just ignore the storyline (it makes no sense,  obviously)--and appreciate the camerawork, the startling, almost lurid  colors, the unique soundtrack and, I believe, one of the scariest scenes  ever filmed (yes, those last five minutes are horrifying!)  I highly  recommend this movie!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Like his earlier works, this album is a sophisticated saga under the guise of a hard-hitting rock album.  With the theme of learning to care in a world that lacks that ability, this is perhaps Manson's most insightful and  mature work yet.  The music is more melodic, with both glitzy glam pieces  and slower, more sincere songs as well, interweaving to form a truly  impressive presentation.
0140067477|5.0|The Tao of pooh is an eltremely well-written book. Not only does Hoth show Taoism through Pooh, he shows wonderfull examples of all the ideas of Taoism.
0780622553|5.0|This is the best sci-fi film ever made and one of the greast films.  The DVD is great.  buy it now
6303149200|5.0|The Wicker Man is one of my favourite films ever. Brilliant story, great acting (in particular Christopher Lee) and a great soundtrack. Re the reviewer who mentioned the soundtrack - this has recently been released in  the UK, not sure about elsewhere. The only unfortunate thing about the film  is the cut versions in the UK - the video I have is only 87mins although I  have seen a longer one...
6305313687|5.0|American History X was a fine piece of work and one of my favorite movies of all time. Edward Norton is perfect and does an excellent job as Derek Vineyard, a neo nazi skinhead trying to prevent his younger brother (Edward  Furlong) from going down the same wrong path he did in life. I think  everyone, everywhere should see this movie. We can all learn something from  it. I know some people may have found the ending a bit predictable, but i  didn't even see it coming. I couldn't even get out of my seat. It gave me a  sick feeling leaving the theatre. No other movie has done that to me  before. But I loved it. The rest of the cast did a great job too, Beverly  D'Angelo, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliot Gould, and Ethan Suplee  (Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma) But this movie belonged to Norton and  hopefully he'll get his award for Best Actor. He deserves it.
B000001Y2U|5.0|On the surface, Antichrist Superstar is an awesome assault of hard, heavy rock, blazing away with it's metal-like solos, industrial gloom beats, heavy riffs, and snarling vocals--certainly a great listen already.  But it  is the sheer depth and sophistication of the album, which tells a  complicated and poignant story, that makes this a true masterpiece.   Marilyn Manson is a great listen for any hard-rock fan, but the thinking  person will especially love this piece.
B000001FC0|5.0|Cynical, aggressive, poignant, real. Conscience. Tears for Fears' second album is all of the above and more. Every track tells a story and contains a message. The most understated track is &quot;The Working Hour.&quot;  Listen to it and wonder why it has never been mentioned alongside TFF's  best works.
0783225733|5.0|A great movie...probally 5th best of 9
B000001Y42|1.0|First of all, when i listen to a cd, i don't expect to hear static, but as long as limp &quot;bizkit&quot; is around and they're dirty singer is still &quot;singing&quot; it will keep happening.  Now for all you heavy metal  freaks out there, i suggest you don't play this music too loud or your  trailer will tip over.  That is, if you can afford a trailer.  White trash,  I mean Limp Bizcuit suck beyond belief, i'm not saying anything about their  fans but i guess you are what you listen too.  I'm just surprised these  skinny dirtbags can lift the drumsticks high enough to make all that noise.
630382336X|5.0|Of course I saw this film when I was 12 years old!  9 Times!!  It's great fun for nostalgia. They really the Fab Four.
B000001Y42|2.0|Limp Biskit's appeal is somewhat confusing.  While they seem to be able to write intelligent lyrics, they mostly scream them unintelligibly.  They're certainly hard and heavy, but almost totally lacking in melody.  Crossing  rap with metal was a good idea, but, frankly, this is a poor execution.
B00000GAIW|5.0|This cd is EXCELLENT. Buy it. Now
B000002UAO|5.0|This album came out shortly after &quot;Help!&quot;, and was the mark of a change in the Beatles' way of doing music. The songs on this album are for the most part soft and introspective, particularly &quot;Norwegian  Wood&quot;, a tale of an old infidelity on Lennon's part. &quot;Drive My  Car&quot; might be the most rock here. As a whole, &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;  is very easy to listen to. Try to find who wrote the music and lyrics.  Harrison and Starr had a bigger hand in this, I believe. That alone  foreshadows the years to come, making it clear that these are no longer the  neat-looking guys on &quot;Ed Sullivan&quot; in '64.
0783226063|5.0|Dune is a movie that some people love, some people can't stand it, most are just sort of confused... but a lot of people are fanatical about it.  It's a long movie (and every few years it seems that a new even longer  version is released), and while there's plenty of action, it's main appeal  is in the form of it's rich visualization and characters.  It's a highly  visual movie, using unobtrusive special effects combined with some of the  most badass scenery I've ever seen in a movie. If you've read the book,  then keep in mind that this movie is just an adaptation - an improvement if  you ask me.  The original book harped on about a few subjects and was  generally boring and superficial beyond that.  The movie has a lot more  depth - it doesn't go into all the environmental aspects that the author  did, but the characters are much more real than they were in the book, and  the plot is a little more sensical than before.<br />Chances are, if you're  looking this up, you've seen the movie.  If you've seen it and are still  reading this, then you probably already know you want it.  The dvd version  doesn't seem to have anything particularly improved to offer over most of  the vhs versions, lacking some of the sound and detail of the laserdisk  enhanced editions - but it's no worse than vhs... so if you want it on dvd  go for it.
B000001Y42|4.0|Limp Bizkit did a good job on the new cd but korn's cd's are a whole lot better!!!! Still it is a cd worth buying.
6302649943|5.0|this movie is so cool,BUT PARENTS BEWARE!!!!!IT HAS MILD LANGUAGE BUT A SCENE AT THE END OF VIDEO #1 THAT IS BLOODY AND DISGUSTING!but besides that and the spider[which would have been better if it was a 20 foot tall  pennywise,]it was great.
B000002UAU|4.0|Some have called this the greatest rock album of all time. I am not sure about that. The album is definitely the greatest in terms of freedom of expression, since all four guys took an active role in creating this  masterpiece. Apart from the music, one must appreciate the artful colors of  the cover. &quot;Sgt. Peppers's.....Band and A Little Help From My  Friends&quot; are two awesome songs rolled into one. &quot;When I'm  64&quot; is a great tune, as is my personal fave &quot;A Day in the  Life&quot;. Of course, who can leave out &quot;Lucy in the Sky With  Diamonds&quot;, a song so great that Elton John tried to tackle it, as did  William Shatner? In all, this was the Beatles' most creative effort, and  offers a variety of themes, tunes, colors, and whatever else you might  think of.
6300183513|5.0|This movie is without a doubt my favorite movie of all time. I was lucky enough to receive the VHS version as a gift 5 years ago, but my copy is starting to lose it's picture quality after to many viewings. I had heard  that they were rereleasing it too, but does anyone know when?? The visual  beauty of this film would be magnificent in the DVD format. Also, any added  materials as were in Vertigo would be fabulous. If anyone hears an exact  date of release- please post it here.
B000000WJK|5.0|Verve pulls out the strongest and most beautiful parts of its sound here-remember those days when you were, say, seventeen and the world seemed so intense and raw and intoxicating, and as you walked around, you floated  through that place like some surreal film? Verve is brilliant passion and  poetry and is the shortest distance to that point...
6300184536|3.0|As a huge fan of Battlestar Galactica, I prefer &quot;Baltar's Escape&quot; to many of the other episodes. This story about terrorists and hostages is more suitable to what the show was all about. Baltar makes an  effective villain and the Nomen and Enforcers are great at his side. The  ending is both unpredictable and funny. Not the best episode, but better  than most.
6305297525|5.0|Though it seemed to start off a little fast, this movie has the power to pull the viewer inside within a few short minutes of its beginning and not let go until days after.  The theme hits hard, as though the viewer is  being is hit by a car.  The pain and suffering can be felt through the tv  screen.  It was interesting to see the director's interpretation of what  heaven is like.  I recommend it to anyone who wants (or needs) to believe  and discover what dreams may come.
6300182266|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Battlestar Galactica is arguably the most elaborate TV movie ever made. It was undoubtedly inspired by Star Wars, yet it had a completely different story and plot. The special  effects were done by Glen Dykstra, the same person who worked on Star Wars.  In fact, the special effects in Battlestar Galactica are sometimes better  than Star Wars because Dykstra was able to improve upon his craft.<br />I  highly recommend this movie to anyone. The music score is incredible and  the characters and special effects are second-to-none. A truly classic  sci-fi spectacular.
0399143904|5.0|This book is wonderful. You have to know something about the military, but if you pick it up you won't be able to put it down.
630341964X|4.0|Richie Rich was a well ploted movie.  It had a good cast &amp; was well directed.  The only problem is if you go from either reading to comics to watching the movie or from watching the movie to reading the comics you  will find that there are very few things that are alike between them.  For  me that made the movie a little less enticing, but my little brother and  sisters who haven't read the comics found the movie to be one of the best  they have ever seen.
0783114222|5.0|This story (really a history) has been worth every cent I paid for it.  I have been a real fan of human space flight (and NASA in general).  This series shows many peoples points of view of the Apollo program, astronauts  to the contractors that built the machine.  Like the movie Apollo 13, there  is more than one angle.  I have watched it many times, and never get bored  with it.  I am pleased to have it as one of my early DVD titles.  I am 42,  and it (to use the early 70's word, FREAKS me out) to think about the youth  of today who only read about this stuff in history books.  I lived it on TV  as a teenager.  I have never looked at the moon the same since.  I see it  and remember the years that humans walked there.  It is now a place humans  have visited.  This series describes just how much work from so many  different people it took to get there.  I will watch it until the disk  wears out.
0780622553|4.0|I hope most find this filmn enjoyable on the level of &quot;wonder&quot;.  I chose to buy this film not  because Ebert endorsed it. (it was my first DVD. and I'm glad I have it.)  I like sci-fi twists and turns mixed with  mystery.  The audio 5.1 DD sountrack is superb along with the goodies on  the DVD.  I base my stars on enlightenment and entertainment.  This one is  fantastic!  In my view a 5 star goes only to films that get me out of my  chair.  This one, almost got me their.  Excellent film!
0679428887|2.0|You'll know what the summary means if you read the book, folks...I suppose for those out there who need to get their history with a touch of juvenile thrill, 'Archangel' does have something to offer. (Although, truth be told,  everything Harris used as reference can be found in David Remnick's  outstanding works 'Lenin's Tomb' and 'Ressurrection'--and Volkogonov's  captivating biographies of Stalin and Lenin.) The first clue that  'Archangel' was taking a turn for the worst was just past midpoint, when  Harris uses his 'pushy american journalist' character to spout out his  grammar-school thesis on contemporary Russia: &quot;It's the Weimar  Republic...waiting for their Hitler.&quot; Please. History has revealed to  us that we are all dangling upon the fragile thread of geopolitics--The  aftermath of this century's tension has left many potential heirs of  destruction. In such an unstable circumstance, singling out Russia as such  a powder-keg is an exploitative cheap-thrill for those sorry few who miss  having &quot;The Reds&quot; to conveniently justify their limited  worldview. Without giving away Harris' ending, I will say that it was  laughably pathetic. Ridiculous. If you're a Russian, I would wager it's  downright offensive. I can just imagine what the pitch-meeting will sound  like when Harris' agent tries to sell Archangel to film or television,  &quot;It's like The Manchurian Candidate meets Bigfoot...!&quot;
0060920084|3.0|Bill Bryson can write, that's for sure.  And he's sarcastic -- that's what drew me to this book.  But he's also terribly insecure.  While I wouldn't dare get overly defensive about America, I do take umbrage with Bryson's  need to go after the easy targets with impunity.  His caricature of the  South was shallow and his stereotyping of the Midwest horribly unoriginal,  but the elitist attitude Bryson had towards small town American folks was  irritating.  His experiences with The Dumb are universal -- I've had the  same reaction to dumb people all over the world.  Being dumb is hardly  unique to the US.  And yes, we might be fat and ugly in the States, but I  would hardly turn to Britain to improve my dietary and fashion sense.   Bottom-line, Bryson has some funny episodes, but he didn't try hard enough  to be witty.  If you want to read someone who can amuse you in his travels  of America without insulting everybody around him, try Calvin Trillin --  the wit is original, the writing better, and the insecurities less  palpable.
6304163029|5.0|This film, shot in Texas in June of 1995, features a whole host of talented musicians.  The littany of names is enthralling.  Buddy Guy, B.B. King, Bonnie Raitt, Jimmy Vaughan, Robert Cray and Eric Clapton, who was  nominated for best male rock performance in 1997 at the Grammys for his  performance.  Each musician performs his own incredible piece and the film  also includes each performer's reflections on Stevie and all culminating to  an incredible blues guitar jam with each musician having a solo.  Filled  with beautiful slides, riffs and solos and heartfelt thoughts each artist  pays tribute to Stevie Ray Vaughan in his own way. A befitting tribute to a  once in a life time bluesman.
0792839625|4.0|This movie is as good as they get! The dancing and the singing are outrageous, although I wish they would have stuck to the original script more, I still love this movie. I performed in this show a year ago, and it  really is my life. Anyway its a great movie and everyone should have the  chance to see it's magic!
B000002J29|5.0|This is an absolute masterpiece. You must understand that the songs were so complex it was a real challenge to play on stage, and that most of them were only played live for this show. Just listen to Cinema show/Dance on a  volcano with Phil &amp; Chester getting personal for 30&quot; and then Los  Endos with quite possibly the most impressive drum duet of rock. I first  listened to this album when I was 17 and it's the only album with Blue  Moves (E. John) that I can listen to everyday without getting tired of.  Recorded in France, great audience.
6304366078|5.0|If you are looking for the greatest of plots, this is not the movie for you.  However, if you are looking for the best racing footage ever shot, then this movie will definitely let you know what it feels like to be a  Formula 1 driver.  <br />The cinematography is fantastic and the locales in  Europe are beautiful.  The opening scene in Monaco alone would be worth the  cost of the movie.<br />If only Days of Thunder could have been half as good  as Grand Prix!
6300274195|5.0|This movie is entertaining for people of all ages.  Although it reflects some views that are not considered politically correct these days, it still has great value.  Most importantly, my son LOVES all of the different types  of animals that can be seen throughout the film.
069451960X|2.0|I love a good simile and metaphor as much as the next person, but this was a serious case of what my writing class teacher used to call &quot;over egging the pudding&quot;; too much richness makes you nauseous, like a  small child eating too many sweets at a birthday party. There! I'm doing it  myself!  I think the word &quot;like&quot; must be the commonest word in  this book.  Each individual simile or metaphor was breathtaking and  original (mostly.. some were totally out of place like &quot;silence  climbing the bathroom walls like Spiderwoman&quot;) but together it was all  just too much and slowed down the pace of the story. This author would be  better occupied as a poet.  There she can give full expression to as many  metaphors and similes as she likes.  They are way overdone in this self  indulgent work.  I can't even comment on the core story because it was  obscured by the language used to tell it.
0553210246|5.0|This book was writen with passion. Each word has an impact on the reader, and each page is a work of art. I've never read a book with more realistic characters or a more intense plot. The ending is sad. No other book has  ever made me cry, but this, with it's quiet, grey ending made me sobb. This  book is powerfuland enchanting. It has to be read.
6302902010|5.0|To those lovers of opera and especially &quot;Porgy &amp; Bess&quot;, as well as dissapointed Sammy Davis Jr. fans: I do plan to purchase this performance of the original &quot;Porgy and Bess&quot;.  I too inquired  about the &quot;movie&quot; version starring Sidney P., Dorothy D., Sammy  Davis Jr. as well as many other fine performers, and found out from my  library that although this movie is probably the most asked for, it is one  of the few that has not become available to us. An opera is a drama  completely set to music, and that is just what George Gershwin did. He took  all of the joys, pains, adventures,lusts, vices and virtues of the black  people on Catfish Row, South Carolina -and weaved them into a tragic and  heartbreaking musical masterpiece. This company and it's lead performers  seem to me to be particularly sympathetic and sensitive to the core of the  story.  The ending, where a crushed but hopeful Porgy gets &quot;on his  way&quot; to find his beloved Bess, surprised me with it's unique twist   &amp; almost mystical interpretation : the flinging crutches flew! Porgy  hit the road under his own power!
6304711891|5.0|Heart stopping, pulse pounding, pillow squeezing action that leaves you on the edge of your seat.  What more could you ask for from a movie with two of the hottest actors of our time, Connery and Cage?  Loved it!!!
0783228317|5.0|I loved this movie! Johnny Depp and Bencio Del Toro are wonderful. They had me believing,that maybe the director,let them take a few hits of acid before filming. The whole movie is so trippy I thought maybe I was on  drugs. The special effects, like Bat Country, are hilarious. I recommend  you see this movie. I think I'll watch it again, right now.
6305263248|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. It has the best car chasing scenes, best shoot-outs, and a very good story line. Starring Robert De Niro and Jean Reno, who starr in the best movies, they i'd say  are the main characters who do not want to be set up, and they give a good  revenge. I have seen this movie in a cinema and bought it on dvd, and will  (hopefully) never stop watching it.
0780622553|5.0|This movie is a combination of several classics we all know.  Combine the suspense and mystery of Hitchcock, ad in the ambiance and texture of BladeRunner and sprinkle it with touches of Gilliam and you have got a  recipe for this film.<br />Others have moaned about the plot.  I would compare  them to a blind man who cannot comprehend colors, or a scientist who's  vision is limited to the details seen in a microscope, who cannot see the  bigger picture.<br />My only regret is that I did not see this movie sooner.
B000002513|5.0|I've had this album since it was first released way back when and it's still my absolute favorite album by anyone. It's probably the best balanced of all of Bruce's work.  My personal favorite song on it is Incident on  57th St.  The fist time I had the opportunity seeing Bruce perform was at a  small theatre in Richmond, Va in 1975 and he opened with a very spare  version of this song, which was just incredibly powerful.  This album is a  must buy and should be at the top of any fan's list.
0764004301|4.0|It has been years since I have seen this movie.  I still remember with fantasy nastalgia the excitement of high school revisited.  Teachers that where far out (Dennis Hopper) and a car jock that was a sorry excuse for a  student and a honor student that was a misfit groupie.  Their combination  gave me a feeling of hope and revenge and excitement all at the same time.   This movie is a classic that will be one of my favorites for all time.  I  have been looking for the tape for many years and have ended up with a worn  video store version.  I am glad I can finally get a good copy.
B00000DHTF|4.0|My normal preference is for Bruce's early material, but on this collection I think his later work is far superior. As with most of Bruce's work, it takes several listens to really appreciate how good this music is.   Although it will probably appeal to a much smaller segment of Bruce fans,  CD#4 was the work of a master craftsman at the top of his trade, with noone  else even being close to putting out the caliber of music found on this  particular disk. I also thought disk #3 was really good and can't believe  the Cynthia track was never released as a single. Most artists have enough  trouble coming up with decent material to fill 1 CD. To get this much great  unreleased music at one time was outstanding.  My only regret is that being  in the Philadelphia area, it will probably be impossible to get tickets for  his upcoming tour.
0792151720|1.0|Just about everything in Titanic was bad, except for the the special effects.  The casting was poor, DiCaprio is a complete embarassment to the entire project, the PG-13 rating was sadly inaccurate to the nudity,  profanity, and sea of dead, frozen people in this movie, the dialogue was  soap-operaish, and it was essentially not worth seeing.
6301647734|5.0|I've always liked James Stewart. I've watch It's a Wonderful Life countless times, and Harvey's just as touching. Funny and heartwarming, this movie will delight children and adults.
B00000I78Y|5.0|best band ever  this is the best cd out right no
6305265488|5.0|I saw this movie  twice in the theaters and would have seen it agian if I could. i thought it was funny and entertaining. My mom liked it to! I am going to buy it as soon as it comes out!!
0783228422|5.0|This is a G-R-E-A-T movie.  The first 15 minutes are superb!!!  (The rest isn't half bad either).  Eastwood does a fantastic job of acting in and directing this masterpiece.  Put a supernatural twist on the typical  western and changed the genre.  I would definitly get this movie if I were  you.
0780623819|5.0|Lost in Space is one of the best sci-fi movies of the year.  Great special effects and a great sci-fi element.  Really gives a sense of adventure and wonder as you watch.
0679781307|3.0|In their encomia on the cover, Neal Ascherson calls this 'the best novel I read in 1996', while Jorge Semprun hails it as 'one of the most overwhelming novels I have read for a long time'. All I can say is, they  can't have read many.<br />I approached 'The Reader' full of eager  anticipation: here was the definitive, end-of-the-century novel, by a  German, on the Holocaust, Schandgefuehl, reconciliation, coming to terms  with the past etc. etc. What I got was a rather lightweight  'rites-of-passage-with-a-twist-in-the-tail'- type story. I agree with the  reviewers who feel there is little character development: Michael is a  rather shallow individual, and I found it hard to get worked up much one  way or the other when Hanna's shady past was revealed. Here, surely, was  the point to get the reader to ask him/herself &quot;What would YOU have  done in Hanna's situation?&quot;, but, alas, the chance went a-begging.  Pity.<br />Overall, 'The Reader' gets pass marks as a little cameo piece about  a boy and an older woman, but the failure to put the literary boot in when  the time was right means that it never really rises above that. Having said  that, it's not the worst book I've ever read and at no time did I ever feel  like giving up on it, and I'll probably read it again. It just lacks a bit  of depth, that's all.<br />Go ahead and read it and, as with all books, make  up your own mind, but take those gushing reviews with a large pinch of  NaCl.
6304490399|5.0|I first saw On Any Sunday when it debuted in 1971. Afterward, Malcolm Smith became one of my childhood heroes. I always wished I could ride a motorcycle like he could...28 years later, I still wish I could ride like  he did! A fantastic movie about motorcycle racing like it used to be.
B000002C4O|5.0|I loved this CD!!! I loved EVERY single song.  Keep up the good work Celine. :)
6305169187|5.0|This movie is probly the best move I have ever seen. It has great effecs it keeps you in your seet the hole time. I loved it!!!!!
B0000025ED|5.0|It I had to choose between this fifty-second street and The Stranger, I'd have to choose fifty-second street. <br />I find it impossible to become bored on this album, it's just too good, I especially like Zanzibar and the title  track, I'd reccomend this album to anyone, Billy Joel fan or not.
B000002HMH|5.0|THis music is the maturing of Metallica---THey're still the best band ever, but now they have the skills to go with the emotion and message they were playing before.
B000002UCE|4.0|This is not a bad album, it's just not what I expected.  The title track stands apart from all the other tracks, it has to be one of the best songs ever recorded.  Other than the title track the album doesn't contain  anything too extraordinary, the other songs are good classic John Lennon,  I'd reccomend this album for anyone that loves good music.
0553573403|5.0|After reading this book, as well as his second one, &quot;Clash Of Kings,&quot; one realizes that some of the other authors are no longer great, but only good. Terry Goodkind, and Robert Jordan each write  admirable stories, but neither they, nor other epic authors ever take the  chance of making their characters truly real. There is instead something  eternally pristine about them. This is not the case in Mr. Martin's series  wherein characters are jealous, petty, vengeful, lustful, and most of all,  personable. There are heroes, and there are villians, but in this  storyline, there are characters who cross the imaginary line, i.e.,  villians doing charitable acts, and heroes commiting acts unbefitting them.  This series is well written, and contains a level of complexity and  political intrigue that is not often found in the fantasy realm. This is  not your normal good/evil, rescue the princess story, it is better than  that. And for all of it, it is still a fantasy novel, with characters akin  to knights, rangers, queens, kings, and a fair amount of secrecy. Enjoy the  other epics certainly, but take your time to enjoy this one, and you will  begin to understand how the face of epics is slowly changing.
B000001EPB|5.0|Hey Cicely, Alaska , Have you been on ice?   Who the heck do you think was largely responsible for  the &quot;Celtic boom&quot; of the past few years?  LOL!   Far better &quot;listeners&quot; out there with open ears and minds  too.  If it doesn't move your soul, you may not have one.   It's EXCELLENT!  Go Ronan!
0790739909|5.0|I thought it was a very good movie that everyone should watch.  It shows what the true meaning of love, friendship, and heartbreak.  I'm usually not that big of a Meg Ryan fan but she proved me wrong in this film.  GIVE THIS  MOVIE A TRY!!!!
B000002NJS|5.0|I love MADONNA!!! Her #1 fan!!! Her music has always been great and this CD is SPECTACULAR!!!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Brilliant from beginning to end, Ok Computer is an amazing achievement
0784011796|5.0|this was an excellent film.it shows how great low budget films can be. ABSOLUTELY PSYCHADELIC. U HAVE GOTTA LOVE THE SCENES IN WHICH HE HALLUCINATES.
6305169187|4.0|DON'T GET ME WRONG, I LOVED THIS MOVIE EXCEPT FOR ONE THING, BEN AFLECK.  I LOVE THE IDEA OF BRUCE WILLIS, LIV TYLER, AND BILLY BOB THORTON BEING IN THE SAME MOVIE BUT BEN AFLECK COME ON!  HE HAS TO BE THE WORST ACTOR OF ALL  TIME.  JUST BECAUSE OF BEN AFLECK THIS MOVIE GETS 4 STARS INSTEAD OF 5.
6305268177|5.0|It doesn't matter if you're a Bee Gees fan. The audio and the video quality of this disc is well worth the money. This is, for sure, a reference quality DVD disc. The only complaint is that it didn't have the  subtitle feature like Fleetwood Mac's Dance. Excellent DVD nonetheless.
6303824382|5.0|This has to be the best movie of all time.  Bruce Willis has done great movies before including Die Hard 1,2,and3 but this tops them all.  It has comedy, action, and every thing you look for in a gread movie.
0790737345|5.0|Starting on an emotional note, the films' creators succeed wonderfully in evoking an array of emotions in the viewers through the course of the movie.  The special features enhance the understanding and appreciation for  many aspects of the film, some which may be easily overlooked.  The  soundtrack has an amazing variety, boasting the talents of newer and older  artists alike. Each viewer can, if he or she desires, empathize with Cage's  or Ryan's character--their heightened emotionality for another being.  With  the &quot;obligatory&quot; ending, we each carry with us a different, yet  tenacious, memory from the movie; and as certain events in our lives pass,  we can recall the movie's theme of the presence of angels all around us . .  . truly powerful.
0060920084|4.0|This is a very funny book, which certainly made me laugh. The fact that some readers have disliked Bryson's very mild criticism of his own country just goes to prove how well aimed Bryson't wit is. I have but one negative  comment, which applies to all of Bill Bryson's books: he knows that his  main market is Great Britain and goes out of his way to reassure his  British readers that, oh, they are so lucky to be British! But you can't  blame the man for protecting his source of income...
B000002LGA|5.0|My first lou reed album. Real blunt lyrics. Mean New Yorker given studio time. Blown away.
B000002VMH|5.0|though the word &quot;diva&quot; is not, usually, a term one applies to oneself--but rather a term that one waits for others to apply--it's self-application is well within the realm of respectibility when a) it is  issued from the tongue-in-cheek annie lennox and/or b) you are willing to  fulfill on the promise. obviously, lennox has the first to her advantage  and her debut solo release proves that she has the second, as well. annie  lennox is to pop/rock what lauryn hill is to hip-hop/soul or gloria estefan  is to latin/pop. she is one of a handful of divas that pairs an attractive  voice with an almost unbelievable knowledge of music, a keen sense of style  and an uncanny understanding of the human psyche. these qualities, present  in a number of divas to varying degrees, when combined, create an artist  whose work is pandemic and whose presence will be felt long after she stops  recording. _diva_ is, simply put, one of the best albums of the 1990s and  may prove itself to be one of the most enduring of recorded music history.
0140067477|5.0|A very enlightening read. If you are a Pooh fan I would highly recommend it. This book is one of my favorite gifts to give to friends
0425074811|1.0|Twaddl
B00000DHRZ|1.0|My 11 year old sister recently went through her Spice Girls stage. Now she hates them. what's funny is, her new favorite band is the offspring. All little kids go through stages, and the offspring is just a fad, that  although it seems prolonged, will go away. (yes, I've heard this CD, and it  IS music for 11 year olds - BAD)
0385493800|4.0|As a Christian, I found it refreshing to read a novel interwoven with the message of hope and salvation.  Truly God's hand is evident in Mr. Grisham's writing, and what a blessing to all of us.  Thank you!
0792152328|2.0|this movie isn't good.  i think i respected that leonardo guy much better before he did this movie;.
078322706X|4.0|well, i love anthony hopkins, brad pitt is okay.  but the movie was awesome and each actor was brilliant!  i really got sucked into the movie you laugh, cry and feel sorry for the older sister.  it was really nice to  see brad pitt play such a diverse person.  when he plays Death he is very  convincing and almost humerous in some aspects. go see it a must - yet you  will leave with questions that you may feel have been unanswered fill in  the blanks!
6305252521|5.0|I think it's a great movie. Jim Carey can really act..
B00000DBXL|3.0|If you were expecting the lesser-known tracks on &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot; to resemble the techno funk-influenced, strong beat, and original sounds of their radio hit &quot;Never there&quot; you will be  disappointed. While there are some interesting lyrics and competent musical  skill, the remainder of the album acheives with stunning accuracy the  &quot;every local band&quot; sound you'll find in semi-professional clubs  in most any major city. While Cake does this sound quite nicely, it is not  terribly original. Frankly, if I'm going to purchase music of &quot;every  local band&quot; quality, I prefer to do so supporting a local band.
0385493800|5.0|OK OK OK. Here's another lawyer, writing another review of another lawyer's book.  Except this book is different:  it works.  Here's the best development of character, and change of character, that Grisham has written  yet.  And for me, that's what makes a book or film work.  As for the  depiction of the lawyers for the Phelan family members - wonderful!  I  personally know that greed (been there, done that).  Altho I'm no longer in  law, it's cool to read a book like this and get to remember why that is.   Nice job, John.  Keep 'em coming.
0446310786|5.0|i really liked it. it was a good book
0451523938|4.0|A most enjoyable read even for successive times. <br />A shroud of mystery envelopes the entire plot, and Stevenson uses a good number of techniques to build up the suspense. There are simply too mnay to list here.<br />The  preface by Nabokov is also most interesting and would draw attention to  many other minor details in the book. Still, I would recommend reading it  only after browsing through the whole story at least once.<br />Overall a very  good read.
0606030573|4.0|This is a facinating story of a man who turns his back on the ambitions of his fellow Americans to follow his own path. This novel works on many levels: it is a love story and one of revenge, of spiritual journey and  social snobbery, selfishness and love of fellow man. The author tells the  story as a character in the novel. His language is rich yet strangely free  of phrases and cliches that would detract from his story; in this way it  transcends the setting. The lives of its main characters unfold gradually;  we hear only the essential elements that move the story along. It is  intriguing to see how the characters evolve as the novel progresses. First  rate!! It certainly causes you to question what is essential in life.
067144901X|5.0|This is one of the first books my daughter began &quot;requesting&quot; that I read again and again.  &quot;Baa&quot; was her first animal sound and the other sounds in this book soon followed.  She now helps me read the  book by adding the animal sounds as I read.  I don't tire of the book  either; a big plus!
6305252521|5.0|I recomend this movie to all Jim Carey fans as well as all movie enthusiasts. A great concept for a movie, keeps your interest throughout. A must see. And at this price, you cant go wrong.
0060916540|5.0|A must read for adventure lovers. In many ways better than Into Thin Air-- much more personal. The author tells of the psychological struggles  as well as the physical which I thought was fantastic.
0385493800|2.0|Yawn...too ridiculous to believe.  This is a book about lawyers?  How?  Searching the jungles, getting sober...yawn.  Not a bad book overall, but definitely not a John Grishmam type book.  Has John found religion all of a  sudden?
B00000DGUG|1.0|After her first &quot;post Debbie Gibson-like&quot; (as one Amazon reviewer pointed out)CD, JLP,came out, I thought she had promise.After hearing this CD, I find her to be arrogant, whiny, and a pitiful lyricist.  Thank U was bad enough, but the tribute to all of her former lovers is the  worst song I've heard in many, many years.  What horrible lyrics! Clearly  this CD was thrown together in an attempt to rake in the bucks. Don't waste  your money on this junk
0812931017|5.0|I don't think I can start to tell you how good this book is within the 1,000 word limit (set by amazon.com). If you had to pick up one book in your lifetime, this sould be the one! ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT!!!
6302101743|4.0|If you liked the King Kong or Planet of the Apes genre, you'll love the valley of Gwangi. While the effects are typical of the 1970's, the viewer becomes mesmorised to the screen.The story of American cowboys in Mexico  trying to rope dinosaurs and bring them back to the circus is almost  preposterousn but it makes for entertaining viewing.Gwangi remains a  misunderstood Allosaur but he remains true to his character.
B000006045|5.0|Mezzanine is great fun.  Being new to the genre, I expected a much more aggressive band (with a name like &quot;Massive Attack&quot;), but I was delighted to hear smoother, jazzier grooves and hooks.  It gets better  every time I listen to it, and it's fast becoming one of my favorite  albums.  Simple as that!
630241380X|5.0|Larry McMurtry, being a native Texan, wrote from the heart when he fashioned the characters of Lonesome Dove. In Lonesome Dove, you see true men and women of the West with the mannerisms and habits of genuine Texans. I was constantly reminded of men long gone that I had had the honor of knowing back in Texas. Men who were the real article as a cowman, rancher, or peace officer. They were men of my grandfather's and his father's time. Men who held their honor and courage in the most sacred place. Lonesome Dove illuminates brilliantly these character traits and the script certainly follows McMurtry's vision. It is Tommy Lee Jones and Robert Duvall though that help us see these authentic characters function in the real, basic, and heart-stopping beauty of the West. Whatever you do, do not deprive yourself of this experience. Tighten your cinch and come with grit teeth! It is a once in a lifetime event!
6302642175|4.0|My husband and I saw this film ages ago and watch it everytime we can find it on TV. Our son is now into video games and we are buying it to show him.  Can't wait to watch it with him!!!
630237250X|5.0|Don't look Back gives every rock and roll fan a chance to go inside rock and roll's greatest mind, Bob Dylan.  The movie is extremely well directed and the footage is excellent
0451191153|3.0|Let's start with the bad: (1) the characters are more one-dimensional than a geometric line; (2) the dialog is stilted and unnatural; (3) the plot is incredibly predictable and ridiculous in its fakeness; and (4) it's *way*  too long.  <br />Now with the good: the book *is* thought-provoking.  It does  not apologize in its viewpoint and puts forth a good faith argument that  ego makes the world go round.  (Of course, it doesn't address if the world  *needs* to go round, or whether ego does bring happiness, but we can read  the Dalai Lama on that :)<br />Is it a life changing book?  Depends on your  life and beliefs.  It didn't change mine, but it certainly asked some  serious questions that everyone should answer.<br />Nevertheless, I'll  probably read 20 other books before I read Atlas Shrugged.<br />And oh yeah, I  *loved* the Frank Lloyd Wright character ;^) (Sorry Ayn, wherever you are)
6304119046|5.0|when will Citizen Kane come out on DVD?  If any movie would be perfect for it, this is it.
6304211740|5.0|I'm probably the only person on earth who hasn't read the book, and believe me, it's on my list of things to do!  I have now seen this particular video version two times and dearly loved it both times.  I saw  another version on A&amp;E that was totally overacted and not nearly as  visually appealing.  Of course, I think William Hurt is just about the  greatest actor ever, and I have to say that I thought he did a magnificent  job.  And contrary to some of the other reviews I've seen on this site - I  think that he and his co-star had amazing chemistry.  She was also  incredible.  I just loved the whole thing and hated to see it end.  I  watched it with my 10 year old daughter and she loved it too.
B000002LAC|5.0|IF YOU DON'T, THEN GO TO &quot;THINGS FALL APART&quot; AND PICK IT UP.  YOU WONT BE SORRY!
0060926317|5.0|This book demonstrates the human potential in not just surviving but in actually fulfilling ones life! I only know one other book, the Bible that does not outsource this most essential issue to the established  communication, political correctness, the trend, the share holder value and  other dead words and mutations...
B000002H70|4.0|Grrrrreat!  The sort of album that works equally well when listened to actively or when used as background music.  Fascination Street's gotta be the best song, but Last Dance and The Same Deep Water as You are  close--more or less all the songs are good.  Sure it's melodramatic, but  that doesn't mean it's not great music.  You should probably buy it.
6303617719|5.0|Romantics will enjoy this warm and touching love story - even if it's about two failed relationships.  The less romantic will enjoy the breathtaking cinematography, the gut wrenching humour or the pure joy and  beauty of Meg Ryan.  Beyond beauty is her rare ability to capture your  heart with Katie Couric-like, girl-next-door approachability and essential  cuteness.<br />And the leading guy ain't bad either.  His accent seems real  and he is French as we would like them to be.  <br />This is a great  movie...and I bought it after watching it lots of times on HBO.  (Okay my  wife wanted it for her birthday).
0060977493|5.0|Do you ever read a sentence, a phrase, a paragraph that is so beautiful it takes your breath away?  It brings tears to your eyes?  Well, this book will do that to you over and over again.<br />Thank God Ms Roy did not develop  the character of Velutha any more fully than she did.  As it was, the end  of this book is so heart-breakingly, gut-wrenchingly sad it took me an hour  to read the last ten pages.<br />This is the most tragic, yet the most  beautiful book I have ever read.  Thank you, Ms Roy.
B00000ADG2|5.0|THINGS FALL APART.  Go there next
0385484518|5.0|This was an uplifting, refreshing, energized story and I can not receommend it highly enough.  It will make your heart glad.  It will make your wife cry.  Read it.
0394720288|5.0|Too often short-changed as just &quot;amusing satire&quot; or &quot;a send-up of a by-gone era in British society&quot;, at his best, P.G. Wodehouse is, in my opinion, the greatest pure writer of the English  Language of the Twentieth Century. His economy of language, the precision  of his metaphors, the perfect symmetry of his plot structures, and the  sheer hilarity of his skewering insights into human nature are reminiscent  of, but, I think, a cut above the writings of Mark Twain.  I am hungrily  devouring all the Wodehouse I can get my hands on, but this is the best  I've read so far.  I couldn't possibly recommend this book highly enough.
B000006NPY|5.0|No, it isn't another Mellon Collie.  Thank heaven.  <br />Don't get me wrong -- I love that album -- and Siamese Dream, and Pisces and just about everything else I've heard from this band.  But Adore finds Billie and Co.  pushing the boundaries of their sound, and this compelling outing proves  that they aren't resting on their laurels. <br />I for one am glad they took  the risk.  In my mind, the mark of a truly GREAT band is one whose sound  evolves but still manages to be just as refreshing and interesting. Those  who can't, who simply spit out the same formulaic songs album after album,  just die out.  <br />Thanks to Adore, it's apparent the Pumpkins have plenty  left to say.
B000006NPY|3.0|I have been a fan of every Pumpkin's album up until this point...the loss of their awesome drummer has crushed the beats and rythmic fluidity that was the best part of every Pumpkin's previous albums. There are a couple  songs on this album that keep it from getting a lower rating (i forget the  names, but most of the songs towards the front of the album are the most  &quot;alternative&quot; and are fairly good)
B000001EHS|5.0|If you're a fan of Def Leppard then you can't miss with this one.  I personally have all of their albums, and there usually aren't many, if  any songs on one of their albums that I don't like.  I still find this album to  be a wonderful addition to the collection.  It gives people who aren't as  familiar with the band a good place to start.  It also gives long time fans  like myself something to pop into the CD player that is nonstop hits.  Did  you ever notice that you can put several &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;  collections in your player on shuffle and leave it playing all day long  without ever once feeling like you'd wish one of the songs would hurry up  and finish?  Add this CD to your collection!  I don't believe you'll regret  it!  As for other albums you may like if you like this band, well, starting  in 1998 and moving forward into early this year there has been a phenomenal  amount of activity within bands of this genre.  Being incredibly curious I  started cross referencing and came up with some great news!  A lot of bands  bailed out because of all the &quot;grunge&quot; (obviously that isn't the  great news).  Three that came up frequently in cross referencing that are  out of commission are Skid Row, White Lion and Winger.  White Lion's last  release was 1992.  Winger gave up and Kip Winger has released a new album  but it sort of has a Bruce Springsteen flavor to it.  Skid Row booted their  vocalist Sebastian Bach and that was the end of that.  I am happy to report  that Sebastian Bach has released his first solo album, and to date it is  one I personally would rate as a five star album.  Sleeze Beez (sort of a  Skid Row meets Warrant sound) has re-released a killer album.   Unfortunately, for those of us who love this genre, they have split into  two bands, neither of which would fall into this category.  I would still  say that their singer, Andrew Elt, has vocals worth checking out in his  half of the split (with fellow Beez member Don van Spall) ina band called  The Moon.  Lizzy Borden's last release was 1995, Poison's and Quiet Riot's  were 1996, and Whitesnake &quot;broke up&quot; again only to re-release a  title in 1999.  I wouldn't count any of these folks out yet.  As for the  rest...prepare to be surprised.  The rest of these bands have new or  re-released titles between 1998 and early 1999.  AC/DC, Accept, Aerosmith,  Alice Cooper, Bang Tango, Baton Rouge, Bon Jovi, Cinderella, Danger Danger,  Dangerous Toys, Def Leppard, Dokken, FireHouse, Great White, Guns 'N Roses,  Heavens Edge, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Kane Roberts, Kiss, Kix, L.A.  Guns, Metallica, Motley Crue, Mr. Big, Ozzy Osbourne, Ratt, Saigon Kick,  Scorpions, Slaughter, Steelheart, Twisted Sister, Tyketto, Van Halen, and  Warrant.  I personally haven't heard all of these records yet, so I have to  admit that it's possible some of these folks, like Kip Winger, have gone  much more &quot;Pop&quot; than &quot;Rock&quot;.  I will say that of those  I've heard that hasn't been the case.  So, to quote Quiet Riot, &quot;Cum  On Feel The Noize&quot;.  (For those who are unfamiliar, that's how they  spelled it on the album!)  You can start right here, with this album, Def  Leppard's &quot;Vault-Greatest Hits 1980-1995&quot;!
0451169514|5.0|A Bible for who believes in the magic, the friendship and the memories. Great book until you feel the youth sliding into yours veins.
630382336X|5.0|I first saw this movie years ago. It's really funny and the music is great. :)
0812523334|5.0|Little Women is a absolutely great book!! I just couldn't put it down. I also think if you like Little Women you should read Jo's Boys. I liked that book because Jo was my favorite character. Take my advice and read both  Little Women and Jo's Boys.
0440224764|4.0|\\"The Partner\\", in my opinion, is Grisham's second-best novel-and  that is saying a very great deal.  The story is essentially of a lawyer who  discovers that his firm is planning, with a client, to defraud the  government, and cutting him out of the profits.  So he stages his own  disappearance, and manages to steal the money.  The companies affected in  various ways band together and hire a sleazy detective to find him.  He is  found in Brazil and almost tortured to death, and then returned to the  United States to face charges.  None of this is revealing any significant  plot because it all takes place in the first chapter.  The turns and twists  of how the lawyer manages to brilliantly tie up the legal system, and  ultimately gets away with a hand slap constitutes most of the rest of the  novel.  As in all Grisham novels, the pace and action are engrossing.  The  characters are not as completely fleshed-out as they could be.<br /><br /> The  only disappointments are in retrospect, i.e., at least three serious flaws  in the plot.  If you haven't read the novel yet, stop here.  All of these  flaws appear to have been tacked-on to the finished novel, perhaps at the  urging of an idiot editor.  One is that the lawyer is accused of having  murdered someone to take his place in his burning car when he disappears.  In fact, there is no logical reason for such a dramatic disappearance-much  less a murder to cover it.  At the time, the theft had not yet taken place  and no-one would have been looking for the lawyer if he had just quietly  disappeared.  The second serious plot flaw is that we discover in the last  chapter that he had arranged-years in advance--for his own capture.  It  would have been much safer to have been captured by a law enforcement  agency in the States-perhaps while visiting his mother.  Alternatively,  with $100 million dollars, his options for avoiding discovery were  virtually unlimited.  We are asked to believe that the lawyer is a  fantastically rich genius who has spent years planning to thwart the  system, but yet unnecessarily and intentionally allows himself to be  captured and tortured by thugs, in Brazil.  As a third highly improbable  plot twist, at the very end..y rich genius who has spent years planning to thwart the  system, but yet unnecessarily and intentionally allows himself to be  captured and tortured by thugs, in Brazil.  As a third highly improbable  plot twist, at the very end..
6300184501|3.0|It's nice to see Fred Astaire make a guest-appearance. This episode helps reveal some of Starbuck's background and begins to flesh out the character somewhat (Unfortunately, this never happened with most of the characters  during the series' limited run).<br />The story of discovering Starbuck's  father is a good one, and it's actually better than a number of other  episodes, yet it still ranks as another episode that didn't measure up to  the series' full  potential.<br />Still, it's entertaining and watchable for  any fan of sci-fi cult classics.
6300151379|5.0|david bowie is great in this movie,the movie gives you your childhood back for atleast an hour and half. a wonderful movie. please if anyway let me know if i can buyone thanks.
6300184471|3.0|More than any other, this is the &quot;family episode&quot; of Battlestar Galactica. So many children on screen at one time can be grating, and the plot is fairly cliche, yet there are many enjoyable parts.<br />Seeing the  legion of Cylon Centurions inside the medieval castle is fascinating.  Spectre is a very good, conniving villain, and Lucifer's reactions to his  blatant lies to Baltar are hilarious. This kind of story runs the risk of  being a little too &quot;cute&quot;, but it is very enjoyable for any  classic sci-fi fan.
6304711891|5.0|This is a great film full of gore, melting faces, and lots of action. Definately worth watching, but be warned, if you don't like gore, keep your eyes closed for the majority of this film.
6300184528|2.0|That's probably the best way to sum this one up. It's very well done for a murder mystery, but Battlestar Galactica had much more potential story premises than this. There's nothing bad about it, but nothing great either.
B0000027RL|5.0|From start to finish, Ten's powerful rhythms and lyrics capture the concerns, fears, and dysfunctions of a time period.  Eddie Vedder's anguished voice along with the edgy guitar riffs provided by Stone Gossard  and Mike McReady signify what grunge rock is all about. This album stands  as both a benchmark to the end of 80's metal bands and to the begining of a  fresh new generation of rock music. Songs such as &quot;Alive&quot; and  &quot;Evenflow&quot; are very catchy tunes that stay in your head for days.   After exploring the other tracks on this album, you may grow to appreciate  the more hypnotic side to their music, such as in &quot;Oceans&quot;,  &quot;Porch&quot;, and &quot;Release&quot;.  All in all, Ten is a truly  great album that engulfs a experimentation with honest music representing a  modest side to human nature.
6300184498|2.0|Ugh! I love Battlestar Galactica, but this is easily one of the worst episodes. The best part is the Cylon attack in the beginning where the agro ships are destroyed. Adama's love interest is annoying and the whole story  gets bogged down in another &quot;wild west&quot; shanty town similar to  the one in the episode &quot;The Lost Warrior&quot;. Unquestionably one of  the most disliked episodes and perfect proof of how the writing can suffer  when a television show like BG is rushed into production too fast.
B000002BYD|5.0|In the midst of a time when we see politics, rage, and just strong opinions in general sprinkled throughout modern rock music, Yield gives a relief of soothing music that actually may make you feel a little better  about the last couple of years.  This album really shows that the band has  matured (or evolved, baby) along with their listeners that have been fans  of the band since &quot;Ten&quot;.
630018448X|3.0|This is a story of the old west, uh, I mean outer space. Apollo runs out of fuel (Why he would be dumb enough to fly so far out as to run out of fuel is never explained) and lands on a planet where a Cylon named  &quot;Red Eye&quot; is terrorizing an old shanty town. He eventually has a  duel with Red Eye and you probably can guess who wins.<br />This episode is  enjoyable, but the story is too much of a cliche.
0784010218|5.0|Dirty Dancing is one of my favoritest movie since I was about 1 or 2. I can remember it that well because I am 13 now and it is still one of the best movies I have seen. I really like the way it has action, romance, and  dancing in it. I think anyone who sees this movie will agree. I give it 5  THUMBS UP!
6304436408|5.0|At first, the idea of watching a Jane Austen novel-turned-movie was rather intimidating for me.  I thought, &quot;Yeah, it'll be slow and on the boring side.&quot;  I have to say that if you're a romantic to any degree,  you need to see this movie.  It's more than a love story; it's a true work  of art.  The cinematography is spectacular, and the character development  is fabulous.  Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet contribute so much to this  film. You'll be caught up in the story, and you'll forget that it was  written well over a century ago.  It's timeless...a definite must-see.
6302779278|5.0|Whitney Houston and her co-star Kevin Constar were perfect for this movie role. I have to tell u I am Whitney Houston's favoritest fan since I was born in 1986. I am 13 and that is one of my most favoritest movie I have  ever seen and I hope that anyone who hasn't seen this movie should rent it  and watch it because u will agree this is a great movie. It is for people  who like action, romance, and who is in for a good laugh. I give this movie  5 STARS!!
1573226521|5.0|It's obvious from the previous reviews that this is the type of book you either love or hate. I loved it. So compelling that I read the whole book on the day after purchasing it. Comparisons to William Golding's classic  are apt, but I found The Beach arguably more relevant to the contemporary  reader. The main characters are likeable and interesting, and some, such as  Sal, have a distinctly sinister side. I don't think there was anything  wrong with the emding. A little abrupt perhaps, but it fits in well with  the rest of the story, and I like the way the main character finally  recalls the nightmare a year later, and ties up the loose ends of what  happened to the islands inhabitants. I would have to recommend to this book  to you. Even if you hate it, you will be able to say you have read what  must surely be a future modern classic.
0393312836|4.0|Mix some politics, science, violence and fear, whip in a little Belo-Russian and you get A Clockwork Orange.  The story line is easy to pick up and you can get through the book in one sitting.  Don't miss this  one!
B000002HMH|3.0|Hmmm... seems my previous review of Load never showed up.  Just as well since I wasn't being terribly fair.  I listened to Load again and there's actually some pretty good hooks on this CD.  Overalll, there's less focus  on this CD (and Reload)than on previous albums, but the sound is  nevertheless there.  I guess my only other criticism, concerning the music,  is that James Hetfield revels in his newfound vocal dexterity a little too  much.  He sings a bit too melodramatically, a bit over the top, for my  tastes.  I mean, I know he can sing more tunefully now than before but it's  like he wants to make sure everybody knows it.  But that's a minor quibble  at best.  I still place their previous records at a higher pinnacle than  Load and Reload, but both records show a band that is expirimenting and  progressing.  To expect the band to record another Master of Puppets or  Ride the Lightning is not terribly realistic.<br /> What bothers me even more  than the music is the CD booklet. What's with all the photos and partial  lyrics?  I don't know about anyone else, but I don't want to see page upon  page of Metallica posing or doing silly things, wearing their eye makeup  and leather jackets and whatnot.  How narcissistic is that?  I'd rather see  full lyrics.  This business of just printing one line or verse from a song  is just trendy BS and needs to stop.
0140277447|3.0|Human beings are capable of such evil.  It really is quite sad.  I thought Ms. Chang's account was well documented and written.  <br />Unfortunately, the Japanese still live in a world of denial.  I just read the following in the  South China Morning Post (one of Hong Kong's English-language newspapers):                                                                                                                    &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;NEWS  BRIEF&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;                                  <br />Book's aborted launch hailed                     <br />                       A Tokyo-based newspaper yesterday welcomed  the aborted launch of a Japanese translation of Chinese-American Iris  Chang's bestseller The Rape of Nanking.  <br />The Sankei Shimbun said:  &quot;With the stoppage of the publication, we can avoid a situation in  which Japanese are left puzzled by wrong historical remarks.&quot;  The  book is an account of Japan's wartime atrocities in Nanjing.<br />                                &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;end  NEWS  BRIEF&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;                             <br />Hopefully, more books like The Rape of  Nanking will enlighten the world community and slowly filter into the  Japanese conscience.
0440219078|4.0|In the tradition of &quot;Brave New World&quot; and &quot;1984&quot;, Lois Lowry changes from her mood from a very funny book writer to make her one and only science fiction book - and her best.<br />&quot;The Giver&quot;  suggests the wonders and horrors of a Utopia. Jonas, the main character,  when he becomes twelve, is assigned the absolutely most important role in  his Community. It is to receive memories from an older man. No one else has  memories. They look up to him for advice.<br />At the end of the book, Jonas  and the older man, The Giver, decide they need to share memories, and Jonas  leaves the Community. When the Receiver leaves the Community, the whole  Community begins to experience memories, and everyone goes crazy.  <br />Jonas's journey is to Elsewhere. No one in the Community knows what  Elsewhere is, but Jonas finds out that Elsewhere is what we live in, not  the dull, boring Utopian society Jonas is used to.<br />Straight forward,  &quot;The Giver&quot; is, by far, the most influential book I've ever read.  From my point of view, it shows that if we don't change our ways to good,  they'll be changed for us - for good. We also learn that a perfect life is  definately not perfect by the standards of an un-perfect society, and that  the only way everything will be perfect by both standards is when we are in  Heaven. I encourage you to read this book. By the page number, you will  think it's a children's book, but by the book, you will be influenced like  you never thought possible by a book.
0899663036|5.0|I thought that A Tree Grows in Brooklyn was similar in so many ways to Angela's Ashes.  I enjoyed comparing them as I read.  Mainly, I thought that A Tree Grows in Brooklyn had a more hopeful spin than Angela's Ashes,  but that Frank McCourt was more poetic in his writing than Betty Smith.  If  you have read one of these two books, I definitely recommend reading the  other, too.   It makes for a really interesting comparitive read!
0393312836|5.0|When i first started reading the book, the slang was intimidating and i thought i wasn't going to be able to understand it, but i got through that, and now i even use some of it. Anyway, i loved this book, and i loved the  movie as well. I finished this book about 5 days ago and i just can't stop  thinking about it. Once you get into this book, you won't want to put it  down. Trust me.
0684874350|5.0|I read this book about a year ago, and it remains one of my absolute favorites.  When I finished it I immediately went back and starting rereading the beginning.  I couldn't leave it!  What impressed me so, was  the feeling of being invited in to relive this man's memories with him.  I  was amazed at the childish innocence with which he wrote the book.  Frank  McCourt tells his story from a child's eyes instead of giving adult  explanations to everything that happened.  I think that this is what makes  Angela's Ashes so poetic!  It really is a beautiful book, and I can't say  enough about it.  If you are looking for a similar book, try A Tree Grows  in Brooklyn by Betty Smith.  There are many parallels which I found  fascinating.
0553108034|4.0|I usually don't buy hardcover books, but I couldn't wait for this to come out in paperback.<br />Kudos to Martin for creating believable characters and a plot that will keep you guessing.  I've read quite a bit in this genre  and these things stick out:  1.  He takes extra special care to describe  (with detail) the clothing and people of his novels.  2.  He's also in the  habit of using italics to let the reader know what the character is  thinking when in conversations with other characters.  Very interesting, as  it reveals some of that character's schemes.   4.  A lot of gratuitous sex  and violence.  If I were a 13-year-old kid reading this book I'd be  gleefully hiding the book under my mattress.  <br />Nonetheless, it's hard to  put down.  I haven't been too impressed with a lot of the fantasy I've read  lately.  Maybe I'm getting too old for it. But George R.R. Martin is worth  checking out!
0385486804|3.0|I found this book some what disturbing.  There seems to be little relationship between IQ and judgment.  When I was a seven year old kid a friend and I made a parachute out of a bed sheet and I jumped off our  garage. I survived but almost broke both legs and that single event taught  me to think things through a little better.  The book was ok but was not  much more that the story of a young man lacking in judgment.
0590373587|4.0|I thought the Giver was a very interesting book, which I wouldn't mind reading again. By reading the book it made me realize that there are people who have it worst than I. I am glad that I live in a society which gives me  choices and freedom. The book to me was a little sad though because nobody  had choices. You weren't even a loud to pick your future spouse. They  wouldn't even let you go into a future career that you were interested in.  They picked it for you. The book though was good I think.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is definitely music to carry you away from the sharp edges of life.  Peel Me A Grape is magical.  My Love Is was absolutely beautiful.  I'm going to get Diana Krall's complete collection.
6304078102|5.0|If you've ever once wondered how you might have touched the lives of those around you, you will both laugh and cry at &quot;Mr. Holland's Opus&quot;.  It's the story of a man who decided to devote his entire life to composing  a great opus but practicality interfered and in order to pay the bills, he  decided to fall back on his teaching certificate by taking a teaching job  at a local high school. For the first five months, he went through the  motions and the students were as bored in his class as he was.   Furthermore, the student he was tutoring in clarinet was making no  progress.  He then realized that the boredom and frustration his students  were feeling was due to his failing them, rather than the reverse so he  began teaching them about classical music through the rock 'n roll that  they could relate to. Soon, his students' performance began to improve and  they began to appreciate the music that HE could relate to.  His clarinet  student drastically improved as well. As he gained the love and respect of  his students and the faculty at the school, Mr. Holland's duties began to  increase.  He was in charge of the orchestra, the marching band and later,  the school play.  All the while, he hadn't given up trying to compose his  opus. During that time, his wife gave birth to their son, Cole and soon  afterward, it was discovered that Cole was deaf and Holland realized that  he couldn't share the music that he loved with his own son. He continued  teaching students, dealing with the frustration of not being able to  communicate with his son and trying desperately to finish his opus. What  was intended to be a short &quot;gig&quot; at the local high school, turned  in to a career spanning 30 years.  At the age of 60, Mr. Holland found that  the school was no longer going to be funding the music department and he  was out of a job. When the students whom he taught and whose lives he  affected over the years found out the news, they held a farewell gathering  for him and assembled an amateur orchestra consisting of the students from  the past years, they played for him and the audience, Mr. Holland's Opus.   It was then that he realized that his opus wasn't really the music piece  that he had spent the last 30 years struggling over.  It was the lives of  all of those students that he affected by his passion for music and his  desire to teach it to them as well.  Believe me, I haven't given away  everything!  There are plenty of details that you will have to see for  yourself.  It's an incredible film and Richard Dreyfuss, despite being one  of my absolute favorite actors, has an Oscar-winning performance in this  movie.  Buy this movie AND a box of tissues!
0060392584|5.0|Marilyn Manson's &quot;The Long Road Out of Hell&quot; is a very good book that presents the music scene's most infamous recording artist as a guy who has worked for the position he is now. His wording is straight and  to-the-point. Sometimes offensive, and sometimes dark and frightening, and  sometimes comical, &quot;Long Road&quot; is Marilyn Manson's testiment in  accomplishing the difficult, believing in yourself, and shocking the hell  out of people but still getting away with it. You don't know Manson until  you read this book.
0385484518|4.0|I think the author was very luck to have a teacher like Morris. Not everyone has the luck. But through the book we also can learn from Morris' thoughts about life, love and death.
6301735048|5.0|Excellent film...leaves you dangling with a mirade of emotions.  You feel the emotions from each characters plight.  Anthony Quinn is always excellent and his love and loyalty for a friend (Kevin Costner) is  challenged when he finds him with his wife (Madeline Stowe).
B00000F1D3|5.0|cher is back and better than ever, her last &quot;it's a mans world&quot; is definitely worth checking out too. best tracks here are &quot;believe&quot;, &quot;runaway&quot;,&quot;strong enough&quot;, and  &quot;takin' back my heart&quot; but they all are great! don't be put off -  check it out!
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit is better then korn!!!!!
B000002KET|5.0|Ozzy &amp; the boys serve up a piece of unique and truly outstanding work here, this music is anthemic to the period. Black Sabbath rules then and now, fifty years from now people will still crave this sound. It has  everything a Sab fan desires, may God bless you Black Sabbath for all the  wonderful tunes you gave us. LOVE YOU GUYS !!!
B000003S5H|5.0|I heard &quot;all I need&quot; on the radio when we were in the bay area and I knew I needed this but since I live in an &quot;electronica wasteland&quot; I had no clue who it was. We Got home and I went to radio  shack to buy a FM reception booster to strech the signal to the Central  Valley . Total frustration as the booster wasn't quite cutting it. PAYDIRT  - RADIOALICE played an ad for AIR while I was tweaking the worthless  antenna. I've been blissing out to the ultra-mellow sounds on this album  ever since. It is mmmmmgood for whatever ailes ya. Plug in, lay back and  ENJOY!!!!!!!
0767824571|5.0|The best Monty Python movie ever done. From the morbidly funny battle with the Black Knight to the odd Knights That Say &quot;Neh&quot;. Antiquity has never been this much fun! I just wish there were more goodies on the disk.
0525457585|5.0|I loved this book, to say the least. Although, I have noticed that some readers misread what was on the back of AURYN. I'm almost positive it reads &quot;DO AS YOU WISH&quot;, not &quot;DO WHAT YOU WISH&quot;. A simple  mistake. But, the meaning is very clear. Ende takes you to Fantastica and  makes you want to stay there forever. When I finished, the first thing I  wanted to do was read it again, just so I could go back to that wonderful  place. And I'm assuming from the other reviews that the general public  agrees with me. This is a book for everyone!!!!
6302859204|4.0|Underated fact based film about the alleged abduction of Travis Walton by extraterrestrials. Good cast and direction keeps pace and one of the scariest ten minute sequences ever!
B000009QPE|5.0|I must admit, I wasn't too excited to hear riegn in blood, mostly because of its legnth. 30 minutes? For 10 songs? Jeez, thats short. But, there's a reason. It's too angry and fast to last any longer. Nobody, not even  Slayer, could keep that angry pace for more than half an hour. But, is it  the best album ever? No. Its the angriest, and the fastest, but not the  best. The musical shifts and the lyrical implications of evil on  Metallica's Master of Puppets, not to mention the fact that that album  clocks in at over an hour for 8 songs. Yeah, metallica sold out after  ...And Justice for all, and almost every other band has done the same, but  you have to admit that diabolus in musica, the new Slayer album, isn't  nearly as fast, heavy or evil as reign in blood. Its a great album, but I  wouldn't call it the greatest heavy metal album ever.
1573220485|5.0|This book was excellent. I was drawn into Richard's hallucinogenic paradise/nightmare and enjoyed experiencing The Beach through his Vietnam &amp; Video Game obsessed mind. Anyone who has seen Leonardo DiCaprio in  Gilbert Grape and Romeo &amp; Juliet will see that he has the range to  &quot;possibly&quot; pull the role of Richard out. The true question that  must be answered: Who will play Mister Duck?
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I thought that &quot;Smash&quot; was a hit? this cd is the best eve
0590259385|5.0|Despite the recommendation that this book is for ages 4-8, my toddler absolutely loves it!  She will bring it to me and insist on reading it over and over.  The rhyming is wonderful, and so are the descriptions of the  animals.  Of course, the fact that my mother raises llamas makes this book  even more dear to my daughters hearts.
1885283148|5.0|If Michael Collins hadn't become a pilot he could have done very well as a writer. The book explains the space program from the inside through the eyes of someone who saw much more than men and machines. Collins puts  humanity into the science while exploring the heroic exploits of both the  astronauts as well as the people behind the scenes. This isn't a brag book.  It is an honest recount of the most exciting achievement to occur in my  lifetime. His other book, Liftoff, is just as well done. Michael Collins  makes me proud to be American. He is a true hero.
6304077939|5.0|An extraordinary black comedy set in Montreal.  Leolo (a manufactured name) is a just slightly pre-pubescent boy who claims that only his dreams are sane and that he is the product of a very offbeat conception between an  imported tomato and his mother. Trying to find his own reality, the main  character narrates us into a surrealistic and somehow disturbing but yet  very funny working of this his mind.  As the young man begins to experience  his own sexuality, we begin to see bits of reference to Phillip Roth's  Portnoy's Complaint and with a film style which pays deference to Louis  Malle's works, we become transported into a richly woven fabric of life in  the blue collar neighborhood of Montreal. Beautifully acted, with a very  good film score and the characteristic high quality of the &quot;National  Film Board of Canada&quot; releases, Leolo is highly recommended to those  who enjoy black comedy and fine cinema. English subtitles.
0790731983|5.0|If you haven't seen this, you must, because then you will want to own it.  This new anniversary edition is wonderful and includes comments from the stars,  twenty five years after the movie was originally made.  There are  no words to describe how brilliant Liza Minnelli is in this film.  The week  of the Feb. 1972  premiere she was on the cover of both Time and Newsweek.   Liza won an Oscar for best actress, and the film won a total of 9 Oscars --  and up against The Godfather, no less.  See it, embrace it, have it for  your own!   You'll never regret it.
6305229449|4.0|Mulan is one of the finest offerings from Disney in years. Eddie Murphy as Mushu is worth the purchase price all alone. This much better than some recent Disney efforts (such as Hercules). Also, the sweep of the movie is  spectacular. But the highlight is Murphy who is in top form as a  wisecracking dragon. His performance rivals that of Robin Williams as the  Genie in Aladdin.  This may not be up with some of the classic Disneys but  it certainly comes close.<br />Mulan, You go girl!
B00000HZFH|5.0|When Doug sings &quot;You were wrong when you said 'Everything's gonna be alright'&quot; it has a ring of truth to it. The album is stunningly beautiful with standout tracks such as &quot;Carry The Zero&quot; and  &quot;Temporarily Blind&quot;. Martsch makes me believe in music again,  after being subjected to N'Sync and Green Day for the past year. Again, the  album ranks right up their with their best material, and it's importance  cannot be overlooked.
0385493800|3.0|Not a  bad book; just not what I was looking for or expecting.  I wanted a  real page turner; this wasn't one.  There is a greed vs. goodness going on  that makes you realize it's not just fluff.  Rachel and Nate's relationship  could've been developed alot more before the end of the book.
B000002KDO|5.0|This is Black Sabbath's best.  No question.  &quot;Into the Void&quot; contains at least 5 incredible riffs.  This is the one to get.
B000000OU6|3.0|It's not a bad cd if you like an old rock style.   The singer sounds like a combo of Axl and Bon Jovi.  My favorite song on this CD is &quot;back and forth again&quot;.  This song reminds me of a rock song from the late 80's.   Anybody who plays a guitar should learn from Slash's style.
B000000LZV|5.0|it just doesn't get much better than this. the trio from pedro at the pinnacle of their playing have created an eclectic cacaphony that prevails against the wear and tear of time. real music, real lyrics real  goooood.<br />get it, buy it, play it, commit it to memory.
B000002G26|4.0|it's missing two gems, namely, &quot;lonely nights&quot; from the cd &quot;you want it-you got it&quot; and &quot;diana&quot; a song about princess Di. &quot;diana&quot; is on a single from the &quot;into the  fire&quot; cd but was released or played around the time of  &quot;reckless.&quot; &quot;so far so good&quot; is still very good for the  &quot;JUMP ON THE BANDWAGON FANS.&quot;
B000006NL3|5.0|While it's true that White Light/White Heat is one of rock'n'roll's true gems, why give it a gold-disc reissue?  It's not like improved fidelity is going to make for a better listening experience, or is even a possibility,  given the sound on the masters.  My advice: save your money, and pick up  the standard issue.
0790739909|3.0|I really enjoyed most of this movie, Nicholas Cage and Meg Ryan are both fantastic at what they do and I always enjoy them.  The ending in this movie, however, was just plain dumb to me and it would have been easy to  have a happy ending in this movie - sometimes a happy ending is nice!  But,  who in the world would ride a bike on a roadway with their eyes closed and  arms out like that?  That part ruined it.
0385493800|5.0|This is by far the best book John has written.  The sub-plots keep you just as interested as the main plot.
6305252521|5.0|This movie is like one of those great &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; shows that we all liked. The movie is very original because it takes an idea that has never been used before in movie. Jim Carrey gives a performance that many  thought was never possible for a comedian to accomplish. This is a great  DVD, and it may not have the extras, but extras are what keep movies from  coming out on time. Afterall, the most important part is the movie itself,  and whether the quality is excellent. You just can't get better than DVD.  Alot of the areas that they used for &quot;The Truman Show&quot; were  located at the college that I go to and others areas that I live near.
6305169195|5.0|Like mentioned this movie has it all. If you think Deep Imapct is too boring you might want to hang on to Armageddon. Of course it's an emotional film (well, it is about the end of the world), but it's still perfectly  combined with special effects and humour. All of the actors make very fair  performances. Another hit from Jerry Bruckheimer!<br />By the way: There's a  great score for this movie!
6305291489|5.0|The acting was much better in this movie than the original, and it was done so well that Adults will enjoy it also. Obviously, the DVD version will look much better than the VHS version.
B00000G3PA|1.0|All that hype, and for what.  The acting stunk, the special effects not so special (okay 1 star just for that, and only that).  Sorry, no recommendations here.
6305252521|5.0|This movie was tranfered from it original format which is 1.66x1, not 1.85x1. I have purchased &quot;A Nightmare Before Christmas&quot; and it is all 1.66x1. These type of widescreen movies do exists but it is rare, and  it is quite evident there are some confused consumers out there. The  &quot;Truman Show&quot; is in it's preserved aspect ratio. Good Movie.
6303913881|4.0|...and then there is great trash.  This movie is GREAT trash.  Showgirls is one of the most unfairly reviewed movies of all time.  People who criticized the writing, acting, plot, etc., are just a bunch of curmudgeons  who have forgotten that not every movie has to be Henry V.  This movie is  beyond criticism--like sex itself, there's a point where you just have to  surrender and give in to the experience.  I enjoyed this movie a lot more  than the 1995 Best Picture winner--Braveheart.  True, a lot of body parts  were flying in Braveheart, but with Showgirls the parts are a lot  better-looking, and they stayed attached to the body.  Yes, you can nitpick  this movie to death, but the plain fact is that everybody I know who saw  it--men and women--said they found it at least entertaining.  Trust me, you  will be amused.
0201633612|5.0|Get this book and a highlighter and read it like a textbook.<br />This book has an introduction, case study, and then a design pattern catalog. The catalog is broken down by creational, structural, and behavioral patterns  and how they interact.<br />This is the best one place description I have  seen. Don't expect to read it quickly. There is a huge amount of knowledge  to consume.
6301208773|5.0|Yeah I'll admit it there are much better films out there, 'Raging Bull' and 'LA Confidential' are but two vastly superior films..but for me Die Hard is the ONE!!  This is the film that got me into films in the first  place, before this I was watching Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester  Stallone running around killing people,I'm sure many feel that Die Hard is  no different but this film has a power and energy that showed me how good  and enjoyable a film can be.  Now this is like a really good album for me,  if I'm bored and lost for something to do I just bung Die Hard on the video  and I can do anything...like an album I don't always watch it but it is a  comforting familiar background.  Even after 11 years (I actually only saw  it 6 years ago) it is as exciting and thrilling to me as ever, I have never  seen another film that I can view as frequently and not get bored of it,  that is a testament to how good a movie it is.
6300274195|1.0|Although the theme of the movie follows closely with other Disney flims (an outcast who &quot;wins&quot; in the end), the cruelty suffered by Dumbo is not. It was a very dark, depressing movie. I don't plan on watching  Dumbo again for a very long time, if ever.
6304539258|5.0|Once again, do I have to repeat myself? It's Star Wars, for God's sake! No review needs to be written. If you haven't seen it, that's fine. But who on earth needs a review? Have you been living in a cave?
B00000DGUG|1.0|I have &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; and I love it. I played it over and over when I first bought it, but this one ...?... Whatever it has, I don't hear it. The Lyrics might be interesting as poetry, but musically, with the  exception of a little something here and there, I find it boring.
6303140157|5.0|This movie was uplifting, and showed you that if you dig a little deeper than the surface you can always find something that you didn't see before. Whoopi made the movie come alive and was wonderful. If you want a family  movie you just found one.
0920668372|5.0|This lovely book captures the essence of unconditional love, reminds the reader that children behave as well as they are treated, and that they will treat their parents later as they themselves were treated in the earliest years. A gem.<br /><br />Jan Hunt, author of The Natural Child: Parenting from the Heart
0792839625|4.0|I am completely obssessed with this movie! I've only known of it for less than a few months, and yet I've watched it so many times I know the dance moves off by heart. It is a movie that is so easy to get into! Immediately  you begin to see the genius behind it that makes you decide who are your  favorite characters and favorite parts! Some people may think that a bunch  of people trying out for a Chorus Line may not be such a great plot, but  this movie pulls it off with such style and charm you immediately love it!  The musical numbers are great! The dancing is ... undescribable! It is  truly one of the best examples I've seen of transferring a musical to  video. (Or was it video to musical?)I have seen both : stage and video, and  I have to say it is truly one of the most inspiring musicals I've ever  seen! It is a musical with a heart.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is a famous group
6305297525|5.0|While it was nearly 3 months ago, this movie still moves me.  There have been many movies that attempt to celebrate the power of love yet &quot;Dreams&quot; expands this to embellish the eternal bonds of soul  mates.  Bring your mate, bring the tissue and bring extra ticket money to  see the details of the fabulous scenes you missed.
6305229449|5.0|This was the best Disney movie since &quot;Aladdin&quot;.  I liked the music and Eddie Murphy was great as the sidekick.
006016848X|5.0|This book is incredible. I think it is neither offensive to women nor men. I do not understand why people take offense to it. The book is intending to say that men and women act in ways that they cannot help and he is just  giving simple ways to help us get along better with each other and  communicate. Thank you Dr. Gray.
0790739909|5.0|What can one say?? No it isn't Wings of Desire...but setting poetic license aside....this is an all round feel good/hanky pic. Dennis Franz and Andre Braugher really give wonderful support to two of the best actors  around. It just a fabulous love story...what more can one want??? After  all...life does not always have a happy ending...so why expect it in this  movie.
B000000OSW|3.0|Us, the second two letter- Peter Gabriel album title, is in fact,a succesful conjuction between Sos soulful music and Passions african  beats.&quot;Us&quot; textures takes us to a mental journey where the inner  Gabriel can be visited.This album show us again that music does not have  boundaries.
6303542352|5.0|The great Ian Richardson plays Francis Urquhart in a dazzling and spellbinding performance:  like Richard III, we find ourselves relishing watching him all the while we are amazed at his evil.  His asides to the  audience are both deliciously funny and profoundly chilling.  He always  keeps us guessing, and we cheer for him in spite of ourselves -- yet at the  final climax, with its visceral shock, we see that the charm hides a  terrifying ruthlessness.  Truly disturbing. Highly recommended.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is spectacular!  Not only do the costumes and locations make the movie worth watching, but the story is so wonderful.  I love the strong, self-sufficient Cinderella.  Definitely a movie I would be happy  for younger girls to see.
078401213X|1.0|I would have had a better time had I gone outside and watched the grass grow. I did tolerate the movie for 15 minutes but enough was enough.
0792838068|5.0|An extremely well acted intense drama that leaves a lasting impression . I doubt Nicholas Cage can top this performance .
B000002UE9|4.0|Any long time Poison fan may have seen or even own a copy of this album with the original cover.  The face depicted, not just eyes but an entire face, had a l-o-n-g tongue sticking out.  Some people found the cover  offensive so the cover was changed to black with just the eyes showing of  the original picture.  Oh well, that's rock and roll.  This album is even  better than &quot;Look What The Cat Dragged In&quot; in some ways.  The  music is still pure fun, but I think overall the songs were better, or  perhaps a little less juvenile than their first effort.  It's hard to put  your finger on, but there's definitely a progression there.  It was also a  big boost for the band that the &quot;power ballad&quot; &quot;Every Rose  Has Its Thorn&quot; did so well, both on the radio and on video.  If you  liked their first album you'll like the second.  If you were a little  unsure of their first album you may still like this one.  If you're just  unsure in general about this band and want an overview only, by all means  pick up their &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;.  Whatever you do, don't let you  collection be without a little Poison! As for other albums you may like if  you like this band, well, starting in 1998 and moving forward into early  this year there has been a phenomenal amount of activity within bands of  this genre.  I started cross referencing and came up with some great news!  I am happy to report that Sebastian Bach (former Skid Row vocalist)  has  released his first solo album, and to date it is one I personally would  rate as a five star album.  Lizzy Borden's last release was 1995, Poison's  and Quiet Riot's were 1996 so don't count them out yet.  As for the  rest...prepare to be surprised.  The rest of these bands have new or  re-released titles between 1998 and early 1999.  AC/DC, Accept, Aerosmith,  Alice Cooper, Bang Tango, Baton Rouge, Bon Jovi, Cinderella, Danger Danger,  Dangerous Toys, Def Leppard, Dokken, FireHouse, Great White, Guns 'N Roses,  Heavens Edge, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Kane Roberts, Kiss, Kix, L.A.  Guns, Metallica, Motley Crue, Mr. Big, Ozzy Osbourne, Ratt, Saigon Kick,  Scorpions, Slaughter,  Sleeze Beez, Steelheart, Twisted Sister, Tyketto,  Van Halen, Warrant and Whitesnake. You can start right here with this album,   Poison's &quot;Open Up And Say Ahh!&quot;.
0140281622|5.0|The book is vital. It is not a book for the immature, and Steinbeck applies all the sensitive subjects that Knee Jerk Right Wingers see fit for book banning. Farming, profanity, sex, farming, immigrants, highways,  farming...It is a kind of Third Testament that trash-heaps organized  religion and reveals that love for humanity is nothing like the air-headed  effluviam of Haight-Ashbury, but a potent, permanent and honest personality  trait. It is a book of stregnth that makes you wise. It is a blessing that  America produced a writer so intelligent, compassionate and courageous. In  other words, it ain't the same book you read in high school. Amen.
0375704191|1.0|The Hammer of Eden was a complete disappointment.  Given Mr. Follett's previous works, this is a complete disappointment.  The writing seems to be that of a female ghost writer, with lines like, &quot;he was a dish&quot;  used to describe one of the characters in the book.  If there is a need to  read any of Follett's work, try Pillars of the Earth instead of this farce.
B000005ALN|5.0|I have been listening to George Micheal ever since Wham! came into play back in '81 or '82.  Being only a couple years younger than him, I thoroughly enjoyed the upbeat, bubble-gum, let's go have a party tracks  that seemed to dominate his albums.  At that time in my life, those  unrealistic, pop fantasy (ala Beach Boys &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;)  songs did it for me.  But as I have matured, and as Michael has matured,  the perception of life and love have changed.  I like the direction he's  gone in; his lyrics say the things I wish I knew how to say.  I feel pain  and a strange strength in the songs on &quot;Older&quot;.  &quot;Jesus to a  Child&quot; is simply one of the greatest songs I've ever heard.  But I  have to wonder:  if these songs are somewhat autobiographical (as I can  only assume they are), what is it Michael is blaming himself for?
6305069611|3.0|Let me begin by saying this is one of the greatest studies of lonliness and alienation on film that exists today.  The sadness inherent in each scene is brilliant and devastating.  The viewer is drained by the end. That  is, if you're receptive to it.  Those expecting a sci-fi blow out will be  very upset.  This does to a sci-fi story what Interview with the Vampire  did with the monster movie format.  It uses sci fi as a foundation to  create something entirely different. Sure its confusing, but it is not  beyond comprehension, nor does it dumb down for the audience.  That said,  this DVD does it no justice whatsoever.  Sure, its widescreen, but there is  no chapter index, no trailer, no production notes, and no booklet on the  inside of the box.  The only extra is a difficult to read filmography.  And  what happened to the voice over by Bowie and Roeg that exists on the old  laserdisc edition?  I have a feeling that a real company will put this out  on DVD with all the extras eventually, and those of us who bought this  sorry edition because they love the film will be ripped off.  Is there no  justice?
B000002OR4|5.0|This is absolutly the best work of art to come out of modern music. The only complaint I have is that there is a lot of repetition in some of the songs, and that the CD actually ends. I wish they had made a hundred more  of these type of songs....
B000002NFM|2.0|big beat music with no buz
0446310786|2.0|Since I'm a 9th grader and had to read this book at school, I disliked it.  I thought it was very boring and time consuming.  I guess it's because I'm not old enough to appreciate the real quality and meaning of the book.   Hence,  I wouldn't recommend teens reading the book because there's barely  any actions and the climax is basically at the last few chapters.
0783216084|4.0|Sharks have to be the most primal fear humans possess:  we all have our origins in the water, and all possess memories (and fear) of that huge, toothy monster that could come finning along at any time and wreak havoc.   That's why 'Jaws' touched so many chords.  What a scary flick!  The  beginning scene, with the swimming girl being pulled down from the surface  of the ocean by some unseen being; the little boy floating on a life raft  being turned into a blood volcano; the two fishermen being dragged into the  sea by the unseen menace.  That said, Spielberg being Spielberg, we have  the usual open-mouthed reaction shots; not-funny little jokes; and, of  course, severed limbs (and a severed head.  That severed head makes no  sense.  A marine biologist pushes his hand into a jagged hole in the side  of a fishing boat and a severed head floats by.  Yeah, right.  What did the  shark do--ram the boat and pull the fisherman out by his legs, chomping  down on his neck and carrying everything away but his head?  I doubt it!)   And sharks don't act the way this shark did--like he was on some kind of  vendetta.  Also, the shark in the close-up scenes is very, very  phony-looking.  I wonder how many great whites met their demise at the  hands of macho fishermen who had seen &quot;Jaws&quot; and thought they  were doing the world a service?  Too many, I'm sure.  But all of that  aside:  this is a real jaw-clencher of a movie.  Put aside your disbelief  and enjoy.  AND DON'T FISH FOR OR EAT SHARKS!  Sharks are the oldest, most  beautiful, most perfect creatures in the ocean (besides the jellyfish and  sponges) and deserve our respect, not our fear.
6304722303|5.0|Aliens is by far the best out of the four. I just wish that they would release the directors cut out on VHS. Sigorny Weaver is my favorite acctress. I have (and will continue to see!!) every movie that she has ever  played in!! But by far her best role ever was Lt. Elen Ripley!!! The Alien  movie series is by far, in my terms, the best Sci-Fi releases ever and how  a Sci-Fi action/thriller should be portrayed. A definatly *****!! If you  know anybody who so happens to have a copy of the Directors Cut on VHS,  PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE contact me!!
0553502271|5.0|I'm a Grisham fanatic - but can be unbiased. I really enjoyed this book. Hated to get out of the car! Took longer routes to destinations to keep listening.  His characters are believable, well chronicled.  His depiction  of South America gripping.  The soul-searching 'what is my life all about'  Nate O'Reilly was not only touching but very realistic. Very truthful  indeed.  Another great example of his talents.
078062565X|5.0|In April KONG fans can see what they're waiting for, The scene in which kong shakes the sailors off the tree (already included) And then an army of giant insects eat the wounded sailors. This is my second favorite movie,  behind only &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot;
B000002J09|5.0|This album has been a bit overplayed on the radio. I'm thinking particularly of \\"Black Dog\\", \\"Rock n' Roll\\" and the absolute king of all overplayed songs, \\"Stairway to Heaven\\".  This tends to detract from my  current enjoyment of this album. Thankfully, the album has some tracks that  haven't been burned out, lesser-played classics such as the romping \\"Misty  Mountain Hop\\", the gently melodic \\"Going To California\\" and the raunchy,  doom-ridden \\"When The Levee Breaks\\".  \\"Four Sticks\\", a somewhat cryptic,  though still highly listenable song and the \\"The Battle Of Evermore\\", with  its Tolkienesque imagery and urgent mandolin playing, are songs which in my  experience, are hardly, if ever, played at all.  These are the songs that  make me want to listen to this album.
6305265488|5.0|EverAfter is a flawless work of art that takes an age-old tale, and re-paints its reflections of life's energy into a vivid portrait of a simple truth that kindles our hearts and invigorates our spirits; that  truth, of course, being the elusive yet stubborn truth that happiness  exists only within our chaotic selves, and not within the structural webs  created by our unmerciful society.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the first album for which the Beatles didn't rely on the filler of cover tunes.  Every song on this album is written by a Beatle and consequently is the first to show what the Beatles were capable of.  Some  people even to consider this their favorite album.  I don't consider it my  favorite album but I do recognize it as a peak in their career, a peak from  which they never really came down.  They retired while still at this peak.   Even though this isn't my favorite Beatles album, it does have a few of my  all-time fave Beatles songs: \\"Nowhere Man\\", \\"Michelle\\", \\"I'm Looking  Through You\\" and the gorgeous, timeless ballad \\"In My Life\\".
079213690X|5.0|What can't you say, great plot and exciting story that never dies down.Mel is at his peak, nobody could of done better. Battles were realistic, showing lifelike strategies of the greatest of all origen (IRISH). There  were a few mess ups but not any major flaws. Mel Gibson deserved all of his  awards. Truly in my mind the greatest movie of all time.
0792151712|4.0|I could suspend my disbelief through much of this movie (seemingly targeted to pre-pubescent females), even believing that a centurion-plus Titanic survivor still had all her wits.  HOWEVER, I was jolted out of the  story by two things~~&quot;I'm the king of the world&quot;  (ARRRRRRRRRRRGG!) and &quot;I'm flying!&quot; (insert intense computer  sunset here).
B000002KJQ|4.0|This is a solid disc from back when ZZ Top were still in touch with their blues roots. Miles better than any of their MTV garbage.
0792151712|4.0|I could suspend my disbelief through much of this movie, even believing that a centurion-plus Titanic survivor still had all her wits.  HOWEVER, I was jolted out of the story by two things~~&quot;I'm the king of the  world&quot; (ARRRRRRRRRRRGG!) and &quot;I'm flying!&quot; (insert intense,  obviously computer-enhanced sunset here). If one can overlook those two  things, this video accessorized with a six-pack, an extra-large box of  Kleenex, and a chilly day makes for a great afternoon.
B000002KYR|1.0|They're bad, they're nationwide.....but it used to have a different meaning!
0205191584|5.0|Professor Strunk deserves high praise for bearing the torch of clear, concise, descriptive writing. &quot;Omit needless words&quot; has become my literary mantra. (The phrase might reasonably be trimmed to &quot;Omit  words,&quot; or, if you prefer, simply &quot;Omit.&quot;) Also, it is  grating to hear everyone from presidents to pundits proclaim: &quot;Most  importantly, this means...&quot; The correct usage is &quot;Most  important,&quot; as Mr. Strunk explains on page 49. The Elements of Style  brims with useful tips and is a must-read for any serious writer or editor.
B0000047D5|5.0|We played this outside at our parties all last summer and it is fantastic cocktail/lounge jazz. GREAT STUFF - also sounds great in the mornings and while swimming or hanging poolside. Get it!
B000002ULO|4.0|This may not be the absolute best Paul ever made (Ram, Band on the run...) but it's a real fun album, cause you feel by listening to it he had fun making it, and that he didn't spent six months on every song and every  sound. Which is an attitude I quite like. Songs like &quot;Really love  you&quot; could be called filler, of course, but they're in the spirit of  the album. And it's Ringo drumming on this song so... But &quot;Young  Boy&quot; is so good, from the guitar intro to the last note, it has such a  great sound ! I could listen to it on and on. And what about beautiful  ballads like &quot;Calico skies&quot;, &quot;Great day&quot; or  &quot;Somedays&quot; ? Who else can write songs like that nowadays ?  I  love this one ! Thanks Paul for everything !
B000002KGT|5.0|One of the few non-punk/new wave '70s albums that holds up well. This needs to be in your music collection.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin IV is one of the best CD's I own and it's one of the greatest hard-rock album of all time. I would also recommemd Led Zeppelin II, which is also an excellent album. If you like Led Zeppelin, than you would  probably also like Pink Floyd and Rush. If you're interested in Pink Floyd,  than I'd recommend that you get THE WALL-the movie is amazing also so I'd  recomend renting that. It's about a rock star who goes crazy in his hotel  room. It's really cool! If you're interested in Rush, than any one of their  albums are great so you can't go wrong.
630512065X|5.0|Elaine Paige is, of course, wonderful in the role of Grizzabella, the Glamour Cat! Ken Page &amp; Sir John Mills (and Elaine Paige) made my heart jump for joy.  I have never seen the stage play, but I have the CD  (original NY cast), and I must say that there is no comparison!  I enjoy  the London Cast much more.  Rum Tum Tugger is my favorite, but there are  moves that he makes that some children should look away from!   I would  recommend this video to anyone and everyone!  Even my 14 year old son wants  to watch it every day.
B000002J03|5.0|This is certainly one of the greatest hard-rock albums of all time! If you're a led zeppelin fan than get this album now! This is one of they're best. The songs, HEARTBREAKER and WHAT IS AND WHAT SHOULD NEVER BE are both  excellent hard-rock tunes-and so is whole lotta love.
0385493800|1.0|I am finally giving up Grisham for good.  His first few books were great, fast-paced adventures and after that Grisham wrote books for the money.  The only reason that I bought The Testament was because of the great review  in USA Today.  I was hoping to find the Grisham adventures that I once  loved. Wrong!  This book was the best sleeping pill since college  Geography.  If you feel you must read this book to see for yourself -- go  to the library or wait for the paperback and save yourself some money.
B000002J0B|5.0|This album is good, but the only really great song is OVER THE HILLS AND FAR AWAY, which isn't even that great. This is good, but not as good as I, II, and IV.
B000001Y42|5.0|LIMP BIZKIT IS THE BEST EVER!!!!  THEIR CROSS BETWEEN RAP AND HEAVY METAL IS PURE AWESOME!!! AND FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE OUT THERE WHO THINK THEY SUCK, YOU HAVE NO TASTE IN MUSIC!!! BECAUSE YOU WIMPS CAN'T HANDLE THE MUSIC OF  LIMP BIZKIT!!!!!
0812550706|5.0|A griping story that showed the innocence of the warrior and the honor of his conviction.
0374172897|5.0|I loved this book. It made me think on so many levels. It was like putting the pieces of a puzzle together in terms of the time-line of the story and the characters, and what an ending. You will have a surprise in store. This  makes an excellent book group selection. It makes for great discussion! I  highly recommend it. It's like an exercise for the mind. Cunningham is a  brilliant writer.
0399128964|5.0|The book is the best ever and if you like the book so should see the movi
0452270073|5.0|In 1917, Siegfried Sassoon threw his Military Cross into the Mersey River and published his &quot;Soldier's Declaration&quot; against the conduct of the  war in France. Being a gentleman and an officer, Sassoon, instead of  being clapped in irons, was sent to Craiglockhart Military Hospital, where  he became the charge of Captain William Rivers, an  anthropologist-turned-psychiatrist whose job it was to &quot;cure&quot;  shell-shocked officers so that they could go back to the front lines.  <br />  This much is historical truth. Although that's a good place to start, the  true achievement of Pat Barker's excellent &quot;Regeneration&quot; is the  manner in which she invests these historical personages with vivid life and  engaging personalities; particularly engaging is the evolution of the  relationship between Sassoon and Wilfred Owen, who thanks in part to  Sassoon's mentoring became perhaps the greatest of the war poets. <br />   There are more stories in &quot;Regeneration&quot; than just that of  Sassoon, however; Prior, who becomes mute after picking a human eye out of  the ruins of a trench, or Burns, who can't eat after having inadvertently  ingested human flesh in the trenches. Rivers, the center of Barker's  trilogy, is also the common bond with these casualties of war. A profoundly  humane man faced with the task of making war-shattered men whole enough to  face the Front again, Rivers finds himself in a moral dilemma as deep and  complex as Sassoon's- the constant need for experienced, &quot;sane&quot;  soldiers who can withstand the pressure of the war, weighed against his  recognition that their insanity is the logical response to the horror that  was World War I.
0790739917|2.0|&quot;Angels&quot; is simply a bad movie, whether you compare to Wim Wenders' masterpiece &quot;Wings of Desire&quot;. &quot;Angels&quot; has only boring dialogue interjected with scenes of pretty Meg Ryan looking  tentative. If it's trying to emulate &quot;Wings&quot;, it has failed  terribly. :-( Please watch &quot;Wings&quot; or Wong Kai-wai's &quot;Fallen  Angels&quot; instead.
0385493800|4.0|I started reading this book the day it was out on the shelves and have since finished it.  It was a great read and Grisham hasn't failed in this book like his one failure (in my eyes), The Partner.  This book is full of  detail and adventure in Brazil.  A great escape while reading.
0684843749|5.0|Arnold has done it again; from Mr. Universe to film icon and inspiration to millions, now an updated version of his previous &quot;Encyclopedia&quot; has outdone the first, a task that I personally  didn't think could be done. Anyone, from newcomers to the sport of  bodybuilding, to long-time veterans of the gym can benefit from reading  this tome-there's so much information packed inside that you'll get bulging  biceps just picking the thing up! From the history of the sport, to  training routines and even nutrition and posing, this book is an excellent  buy for an all-around summation of the art of bodybuilding.
0812550706|5.0|&quot;Ender's Game&quot; is my favorite novel from Card.  It is about the journey of a leader who didn't want to lead; a soldier that didn't want to fight; a war that cannot be won.  A great epic that will reach down and  twist your guts and emotions because right and wrong are separated by a  very blurred line.<br />Don't trust me - trust the people who awarded both the  Hugo and Nebula awards to &quot;Ender's Game.&quot;
B000002NC4|5.0|Wanting to write a review worthy of encompasing all that &quot;Perfect From Now On&quot; evokes, I have attempted to do it while listening to the record. My CD player has stopped, the music is over... and I still can`t  get around to expressing in words what Doug Marsch says with music. My last  resort is to quote him, (track 7: &quot;Kicked it in the sun&quot;):  &quot;we`re special in other ways...ways our mothers appreciate...&quot;  Enough said.
B000002NHN|5.0|Many people I tell about this cd are very skeptical, because they don't like Celtic music (so they think). Well, I can't stand Clannad (they're awfully boring) and only like a couple of songs by Enya, but I LOVE Loreena  McKennit.  Her voice is beautiful and the songs are haunting.  I bought the  cd because of &quot;The Mummer's Dance,&quot;(which I have listened to  hundreds of times and will never grow tired of) but after listening to the  entire cd I discovered that I like all the other songs too.
0140013997|5.0|I can trace the fact that I've always been drawn to the Greek islands directly to this book. I first read it as a child, and the careful and playful descriptions of people, places, flora, and fauna made me long to  live on Corfu. I must admit that the author's descriptions of the  misadventures of his eccentric family (including his brother, author  Lawrence Durell) were my favorite parts of the book. I'm buying a fresh  copy for my 18-year old daughter, who is lucky enough to be headed for  Greece for 3 months.  I want her to see Greece through the eyes of the  person who most strongly influenced my vision of the country - Gerry  Durell.
B000001GBJ|5.0|Like most who stumbled on this beautiful CD, I bought the CD because the CD shop selling it happened to be playing it - and I was immediately captivated and deeply touched by it.<br />It is like a breathe of freshness in  the sands of commerce, a clear pond of tranquil water that reflects your  soul and yet it is so deep in emotions...pulling your heart strings. Its  fragile, naked and angelic...yet it is so sincere.<br />I had loved Enya,  Suzanne Cianni, David Foster etc. But this is by far the most beautiful and  rare productions that I have ever encountered.
0767816641|5.0|My husband and I took our 3 children ages 4-8 to see this movie at the theater. We usally wait until the video comes out because even in kids movie's these days you can't be to sure of the language that might come  out. This was a great movie and we knew it would be because the cartoon is  the BEST one on T.V. All movies should be this enjoyable!
B000002MP2|4.0|If you only get one Greeenday C.D. make it this one. All of the tracks, especially Longview are Greenday at their finest.
6302000823|5.0|Even now, when I think about this movie, I get a catch in my throat and am able to sense the emotion it left me stunned by so many years ago.  And I'm male.  Maybe it's because of this fact that the film affected me as it did.   There is something about the relationship that develops between the boy  and the older, childless man that all men secretly long for, especially  those who have lost fathers at a young age.  And there is something in the  relationship the growing boy experiences with his first love, here one  moment, gone the next, that resonates painfully true with most men, as  well.  Then there is the issue of mortality that the boy, now a grown man,  is confronted by, forcing him to begin a journey back to the memories and  feelings he has for years hardened himself against.  This movie takes us  through these stages of life as they affect the main character, the older  man who grows to love him, too, and the people who share their world in  this small, post-war Sicilian village.  And like life, there is just the  right amount of comedy to go along with the pathos.  Readers, you will not  be able to forget this movie, nor will you want to.  For its sentimental  truths, its visual and musical beauty, for its timeless reflection of life  and love and its celebration of the need in all of us to dream, Cinema  Paradiso is the rarest of artistic treasures.  And thank God they made it.
0140185232|4.0|The Razor's Edge is often described as the story of Larry, a war veteran who forsakes a comfortable life in Chicago &quot;society&quot; for a vague spiritual quest. It is better appreciated as a portrait of his  acquaintences, whose conventional lifestyles are starkly contrasted to the  path walked by the seeker. Some readers have wished to know more of Larry  and criticize the space and attention Maugham lavished upon the  &quot;ancillary&quot; characters. The Razor's Edge instead reveals much  about the spiritual path by focusing on people more like the typical  reader, people who do not give up materialistic Western striving. The best  way to see Larry is to look at what he is not.<br /> This narrative technique  succeeds wonderfully in the masterful hands of author W. Somerset Maugham,  best known for Of Human Bondage. Rather than simply lay out the details of  Larry's explorations and development, which, being spiritual and internal,  would be rather dull to watch, Maugham illuminates Larry by dissecting the  contrasting behavior of his associates.<br /> Maugham lavishes narrative  care and attention less on the figure of Larry the seeker, but on his  ground, those who embraced the life of conventional society without a  thought for spirituality. Maugham shows us several possible outcomes of  such an unexamined life, from the indulgent businessman to the fragile  social climber to the dissolute substance abuser. The contrasts are  presented realistically and without sermon yet are no less stark for their  subtlety. These characters are a rare delight: fictional creations with  genuine life, who make choices, have unpredictable effects on one another,  and grow as the novel develops. Maugham shows how each suffers in their  particular ways, for hell is not a physical place but a denial one's  relationship with God.<br /> The power and flexibility of relating to oneself  as a network of relationships instead of as an object with fixed  characteristics and a predictable future is why one of the three key  principle of our executive training is &quot;Be Transitive.&quot; Larry  beautifully expresses all three principles.<br /> He is genuine, always  learning, and clear that he is not a fixed quantity but a network of  evolving relationships with people, possessions, and God. In short, he is  fully alive.<br /> If Maugham had told us the story of Larry without the  contrast of his conventional friends, the novel's entire message would have  been lost. Ancient mystics, quantum physicists, and existentialist  philosophers are all giving us that same message. Neither figure nor ground  is the thing itself, nor even both together. There is no &quot;thing&quot;  at all, except as we create it in our minds. It is the relationship between  figure and ground that gives rise to an experience, and neither can exist  without the other. Take away the ground and there is no boundary for the  figure, take away the figure and the ground is meaningless. Each is  relative to the other and neither stands alone. What are the details of any  figure, except another relationship between a figure and its ground? The  edge is where the relationships emerge, where experiences occur, where  reality manifests. The Razor's Edge.redictable future is why one of the three key  principle of our executive training is &quot;Be Transitive.&quot; Larry  beautifully expresses all three principles. <br /> He is genuine, always  learning, and clear that he is not a fixed quantity but a network of  evolving relationships with people, possessions, and God. In short, he is  fully alive. <br /> If Maugham had told us the story of Larry without the  contrast of his conventional friends, the novel's entire message would have  been lost. Ancient mystics, quantum physicists, and existentialist  philosophers are all giving us that same message. Neither figure nor ground  is the thing itself, nor even both together. There is no &quot;thing&quot;  at all, except as we create it in our minds. It is the relationship between  figure and ground that gives rise to an experience, and neither can exist  without the other. Take away the ground and there is no boundary for the  figure, take away the figure and the ground is meaningless. Each is  relative to the other and neither stands alone. What are the details of any  figure, except another relationship between a figure and its ground? The  edge is where the relationships emerge, where experiences occur, where  reality manifests. The Razor's Edge.
006092988X|5.0|This is a beautiful story that many of the other reviews have touched on.  One thing that no one has mentioned is how the mother, Katie is so resourceful and how deeply she loves her children. I loved Francie but  shared an equal love and understanding for Katie.
B0000041Q3|5.0|Being an opera singer and knowing alot of the work and artistry of the performers involved in this endeavor, I was a bit skeptical that it could be pulled off... and boy was I wrong.  I am a huge fan of Joan Sutherland.   Her portrayals of such roles as Lucia, Semiramide and Linda di Chamonix are  likely never to be surpassed, or even equalled on stage.  Likewise, this  also goes for her non-performed roles, but recorded ones such as Gilda,  Marie and now, Turandot.  I said to myself, &quot;Joanie singing Puccini?..  what was she thinking.&quot;  I was happily shocked. (For more of her  Puccini interpretations, check out Suor Angelica and a suprisingly  beautiful Tosca.) The sweeping dramatic melodic line and her ability to  color each individual phrase sets her apart from the rest.  Just listen to  the phrase &quot;S, la speranza che di lude sempre!&quot; in the riddle  scene.  Never have I heard so much power and richness come out of Joan's  voice.  It makes the spine tingle.  I am not a big fan of Pavarotti, but  his portrayal of Calaf is both intense as well as powerfully sung.  I only  wish that Luciano would become an artist instead of just a singer.   Monserrat Caball's Liu is quite poignant, but lacks the drama necessary in  her final aria &quot;Tu che...&quot;.  Wonderful support is led by Russian  bass Ghiaurov as Timur and English tenor Peter Pears as the Emperor, who,  at over 70 years of age when this was recorded, displays the same candor  and strength that he showed years earlier in roles such as Peter Grimes and  the Male Chorus.  This is a wonderful recording to have in one's operatic  library.  Zubin Metha's conducting is very strong and interpretively  correct. The only Turandot recordings to rival this one is Birgit Nilsson's  live performance with Franco Corelli (a true tenor di forze) from Milan in  1965 and the videotape of Eva Marton and Placdo Domingo live from the Met  in 1988.  Check them all out and you be the judge of who is the best&quot;princess of fire and ice.&quot;
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's latest album combines so many emotions and so many creative juices into one finite work that it blows you back in your seat. One listen and you will be overtaken by the pounding beats and the wafty guitars. All  this compostion blends so sonically that one might not notice the  overpowering themes in this piece of art as music. Highly recommended.
6304617763|5.0|Two clowns (Wobbles and Woody) enter their pie in a pie contest.  The film follows their adventures as they make their pie in the wackiest kitchen in the world, find their way to the contest and win the judging.<br />My young  daughter loves this slapstick tape.  I think that she must watch it three  times a day.<br />This is a big hit at her day care.<br />There is no profanity  or suggestive jokes.  Proper grammer is spoken.  It is good entertainment  for young children.<br />I think all children up to third grade will love this  tape.
B000000W3G|5.0|this is the ultimate box set that has been released, ever.  I did not hear a song that i did not enjoy, or even one that made me skeptical about the pumkins hypnotic power.  a must have for anybody that likes the pumkins.   they are the best led zeppelin reincarnation if you will, ever to set foot  into a recording studio.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is the best Offspring CD, the songs are great! It doesn't get any better!
6305265488|5.0|Help!  Where can I find a love like the one in this movie.  I saw it three times, and each time, I came out with the same feeling.  You know... that feeling of pure bliss.  What can I say, accept that Ever After is just one  of the most delightful movies I have ever seen.  If you have not seen it  yet, you are clearly missing out.  As soon as it comes out on video, I will  be one of the first customers to get in line for it here on Guam.
6304479697|4.0|There's a mystique about the success of Elvis.  How this man with an untrained voice was able to succeed is answered in this documentary about his preparation for a show in Las Vegas.  The range of his voice, the work  he would put into a show, the perfection he demanded are all there.  I came  away thinking what a tragic hero to have died the way he did.  He was  without doubt the most influential voice of the last part of the 20th  century.
B0000020C4|5.0|I think that I am really the no 1 Les Mis fan in the world after all I have seen it 7 times including 3 times starring Philip Quast (awsome).<br />This recording is live,it's there,it's real and tactile and  envelops you and makes you soar to the highest peak...the Everest of  musicals!!
B000002IRL|5.0|This is Overkill's best CD to date.  This band is still putting out quality material but nothing in the realm of \\"Horrorscope\\".  From the opening track \\"Coma\\" to \\"Soulitude\\".  This CD is fueled with so much old school thrash and aggression it will make you want to put your fist through the wall.  Give yourself a severe case of whiplash and buy this CD if your heavy metal fan.
0786860707|5.0|I am a french disney fan and this is the best and most beautifull d. book i ever read thousands of pictures and brillant story by 2 of WD nine old men
0312965788|5.0|I gave this book 5 stars. This is because as you read it you come to know the people of the Dales. Each one has a distinct personality. It most definately sets a higher standard for writers of the future.
0930289234|5.0|I collected the limited series when it first printed and it stillblows me away today!  Extrodinarily written, well illustrated and very different layout techniques.  WARNING: NOT FOR CHILDREN!  This is the apex of comics,  and I have never seen anything as well assembled since!  An Alan Moore/Dave  Gibbons masterpiece!
6300151379|5.0|I saw this movie when I was 9, and adored it, but  you can imagine the number of movies I saw thereafter that made me forget David's mysterious look(s). But I watched the Princess Bride the other day and found myself  wondering what had happened to Labyrinth, in the purest tradition of  horrific beautiful imaginative fairy tales. More! More! I won't take  Unavailable as an answer! You have got to find it, please!
6303402348|5.0|This movie just hits home with every single viewer.  It is a beautiful movie, about the impact that a &quot;stupid&quot; man had on society.  It was just amazin
079213690X|5.0|This is one of the most incredible movies I have ever seen, and believe me I watch nearly anything from this century. It is truly incredible! Mel Gibson as William Wallace was a heartbreaker! How could you not love him?  And the rest of the cast was stunning! Robert The Bruce, the Princess  Isabelle, Longshanks ... everyone was perfect! One of my favorite  characters was even practically an extra- well, not quite. They seemed to  have developed nearly every character - they made you care! You despised  those who you were meant to hate, and admired and loved those whom you were  supposed to like. Everyone did such a superb job! It's just dazzling! The  storyline was tragic AND HAD SUBSTANCE, and so much better than any of the  fluff movies I've seen lately. (Namely Titanic - which was tragic and tear  worthy, but still fluff). I cannot remember when I first saw it, but I do  remember being overwhelmed. I cried practically through the entire thing!  And the music! What can I say? I admire James Horner the most for  Braveheart -which I think was Oscar worthy- and without his talent in that  incredible score, the movie would most definitely not be quite as good! And  the ending ... it gives you the most incredible feeling - I cannot describe  it! It truly is my favorite movie of all time - yes even more than Gond  With The Wind - and the best I've ever seen. You cannot help but applaude  EVERYONE who contributed to the film, from the stars to the hairstylest!  (And I think it would be smart to shut up right now! I tend to ramble about  this epic :)  -WATCH IT! IT GETS BETTER EVERYTIME!!!
B000002BBY|5.0|&quot;It's too easy,&quot; that should be the title of the next Oasis album.  Any maniac who says this album is below par is smoking drapes.  Also I will refrain from comparing this album to the others, because they  are all a bit different and each gets you into a particular state.  Def.  Maybe makes you want to chug the rest of your pint it crack it over some  dink's head.  This album makes you want to chug your pint and chant along,  Be Here Now makes you want to chug your pint and move on to um, other  stuff.  Masterplan has a bit of each.  That is the only way to explain it.   The music is tops.  And incidentally the attitude of the band makes the  music that much better.  Show me a man listening to Roll With It or  Supersonic and I'll show you a man who walks with a swagger.  Anyhow, we  should see the next effort late fall.  Cheers
0790729652|3.0|This is a perfect example of a missed opportunity.  This film, when first released, was a cultural phenomenon.  Yes, it was the most hyped film of the eighties, but it deserved it.  Incredible acting(and an underrated  performance by the great Michael Keaton), tension, darkness, short  controlled bursts of action, and a sense of dreadful grandeur all added up  to a near perfect movie-going experience.  I remember watching the trailer  and getting palpitations, along with the rest of the whooping crowd.  So here's the DVD. Widescreen and standard. Some notes. Cheap cardboard  case. No picture improvement whatsoever. No voiceover, from anyone. No  making of featurette, or commentary on the bat-hysteria the film initially  caused. And worst of all, that great trailer that got the whole country  talking is missing.  Warners has done this before(See Interview With The  Vampire), but to do it to this film is criminal.  I really hope I have to  spend even more money on a special edition someday, just so Batman gets the  respect it deserves.
B000009QPO|2.0|I was really expecting to like this CD.  I keep hearing good things about the Jayhawks, and the only song I've previously heard, &quot;Nothing Left to Borrow,&quot; was wonderfully catchy.  Seemed like just my thing.   &quot;Hollywood Town Hall,&quot; though, is just an expanse of blah from  start to finish.  There are tiny hints at greatness (&quot;Nevada,  California&quot;), but nothing memorable otherwise.  Other Jayhawks' CDs  might be better, but I can't say much good about this one.
6300247120|5.0|A true classic movie. If it doesn't touch you, then you aren't a parent or a child. Children don't come with instructions, but then again, neither do parents. This movie reveals that if we pull on the same rope in the same  direction at the same time, life can indeed be quite rewarding. When your  family is together, everything else is just gravy.  And if it  isn't......NOTHING will ever fill the void.
B00000BKI4|1.0|Apparently, my original review was too harsh to make its way onto Amazon. So, I will be a bit more gentle here. This album makes me puke. What an overrated piece of @#$%. If I owned a shrink wrap machine I would send it  back to Amazon asking for my money back.
0780622545|5.0|I Rented this movie over the weekend and absolutly loved it the production design is impecible and the characters are not one dimensional their pretty well established and the fx are the best to date Alex Proyas does a good  job of directing this fine piece of sc-fi adventure.You owe it to yourself  to see it.
6303454488|5.0|The opener, a reworked version of Tombstone Blues, is an absolute scream -- there is no need to watch the rest of the video.  However, for those too floored to hit the Stop button, the rest of the show sustains.
6305263248|4.0|Plotwise, this thriller is top-notch: Simple yet tantalizing, classic yet unpredictable. The acting is also great, especially of course DeNiro, who is also given the greatest lines (&quot;I hurt a man's feelings  once...&quot;). From the very getgo there are terrific suspense sequences,  but towards the end the plot is propelled forward by countless car chases.  The first one or two makes perfect sense, and in a way the third does too,  but one can't help but think that Frankenheimer lets the narrative slide  only to blow up more cars. Still, the wonderful finale in the ice arena  makes up for anything. A great thriller AND a great action movie, even  though the parts don't always harmonize.
B0000069CT|5.0|Simply fabulous: Accardo joins Bruch in a divine feeling. I think this is one of the best performances of Accardo virtuoso. Bruch's Concerto N. 1 does need commentary. The price is very low for this double disk.
0380002930|5.0|Full of suspense, intrigue, and compassion.  The only disappointment I have is that there is no sequel.  If your a fan of the Redwall Series, and books with that same idea, you'll fall in love with Watership Down.  Once  you've started, you will never be able to put it down.
0792152328|5.0|This movie has been the most beautiful love story I have seen since Dr. Zhivago.  You can feel the sexual tension between Rose and Jack, you can tell when Rose lies to Jack about being fine.  And if you watch, you can  see where Jack truly realizes that He probably will not live through this  night.  I love this story.....and this movie was beautifully done.
0140131558|5.0|The NY Trilogy was my introduction to Paul Auster, and I was hooked from the start.  The Trilogy is great in it's very simple, concise style of writing, but all three stories are fulled with imagination and creativity.   After reading the Trilogy, I began reading all of Auster's books one right  after the other and I was able to really feel the strong impact his books  have.  He is not only a great story teller, but there is a certain  underlying symbolic life in all of his works that is subtle at first  glance.  However, if you read deeper into his books you can see he weaves  within his stories something very personal and intimate.  I can't really  describe it clearly, but you can feel it when you are reading any of his  books (it's like what you see at first, may not be what you see when you  look the second time).  I recommend them all, but the Trilogy is a great  introduction to him.
6300151379|5.0|A great movie !!!!! come'on guys...please let this video be on sale again !!!!!! So much people just can't be wrong when they say : Labyrinth is the BEST VIDEO I HAVE EVER SEEN !!!!
0887307280|5.0|This book made more sense than any other business book I have read.  The author has written this book with such powerful insight into todays entrepreneur.  He gives you a step by step plan to make your business work  for you.
630451087X|5.0|A masterpiece! Se it if you like mysterious movies with some scary scenes
0783801602|5.0|This book is spictacular from begining to end! I loved it! I don't understand how it could possibly get such a low rating!
0780623703|5.0|Just spectacular.  Visuals, theme, everything
6305171769|5.0|Halloween H20-  Is really great! I thought that this movie would be a little scary like the rest, but after watching it a lot, it feels that Michael Myers lives right in your house.  Jaimie Lee Curtis had lived a  past of darkness, and Michael wanted her dead. She than had to live a life  of fait, not knowing wich corner to turn....And every corner that she  turned he was there!  Every where she went...He was there!  Was Michael's  destiny really wanting to kill everyone and get a way with it?  No!  He  wanted his belonging sister. (Jaimie Lee Curtis) Running everywhere, not  finding any hope in her life--and with her 17 year old son!  What happened  next? Watch this movie, and you'll see how great it is!
6304510861|5.0|A really mysterius,intensiv and scary film that will make you think... Youll have to be quite smart and estetic to apriciate this MASTERPIECE. If you have any questions or comments: send me a mail!
B00000G3PA|4.0|If you expect a science documetary this movie is not for you . This is an entertaining unrealistic 1990's space movie with fast action and great special and sound effects , especially if you have a decent sound system .
0792139771|5.0|This movie has everything.  Just watch it!
6305252521|4.0|And I thought Armageddon was unrealistic ! OK , I understand the intended message but I think the movie lacks a little subtlety .  Still , looking back at his early movies this is one giant leap for Jim Carrey.
0316236551|5.0|The Ed Emberley series of books are excellent for teaching that drawing things can be easy when you look for the basic shapes that appear in the subject you are drawing.  I use this book together with my preschoolers and  my 7 year old, and their drawing abilities have noticably advanced.  The  pictures are rather small for the preschoolers to use on their own, but  when we do it together they love it.
6305127638|3.0|*yawn*...okay then.  This film isn't BAD, but it's WAY too action-oriented for its own good.  This is STAR TREK, for god's sake!  It's meant to be about people and ideas.  This is mostly about shooting at things.  The plot  inconsistencies are also glaring.  It has its moments (Brent Spiner's  always great), but I thought it was a bit of a let-down, myself.
B000002U82|3.0|This, along with &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and &quot;Led Zeppelin IV&quot; is one of music's most talked about, popular yet way overrated album. I still like it though. &quot;Money&quot; is fun, &quot;Time&quot; is  memorable, and &quot;Us And Them&quot; is nice. Sadly, I absolutely HATE  &quot;The Great Gig In The Sky&quot;, and &quot;Brain Damage&quot; This  album really isn't for everybody (like the guy from Salt Lake City), but it  isn't too bad
6300216802|2.0|The problem with this film is that they expand an episode's worth of material into an entire film--and a LONG film at that.  The previous reviewer is wrong--it's not a matter of being too action-oriented to accept  a more cerebral plot; it's simply the film's appalling sense of pace.  The  endless panoramic views (the opening, panning around the ship, takes, I kid  you not FIFTEEN MINUTES), while somewhat interesting in their own right, do  not exactly make for riveting viewing. With some decisive editing, this  could have been a decent hour-long feature, but as it is it just meanders  interminably. Worth seeing for die-hards, but not for ordinary civilians.
B000001DU5|5.0|This album is a smash. The songs on it are all well writtin and sang. When one listens to this album they can hear a lot of emotion. The best songs are Shout and Sowing the Seeds of Love. Don't miss this album.
0446604844|4.0|This book, the first of Balducci's that I have read was extremely entertaining, fast paced and definitely kept my interest.  The plot was just complicated enough and kept me thinking throughout.  The character  development was excellent and the author is very observant of minor human  tendencies.  The one negative was that there were a number of scenes that  were not credible and the final climatic scenes read more like a movie  screenplay than well-thought out novel.  Overall, I recommend it to anyone  who likes a good mystery.
6304613199|5.0|Move out of the way everyone. Here comes the Lost World. Malcolm must go back to another island to stop Ingen from stealing the dinosours. What looks easy turns out to be shear horror. Chills and thrills start to mount  and destruction starts to rise. The Lost World is an edge of your seat  adventure. Jeff Goldblum and Pete Postelthwait are positively brilliant in  this movie. It's a keeper. Their was only one downside to it. They left out  of the dilophousourus (the spitter) I have no idea why. They should have  kept him in it. However it is a classic in everyway. Keep up the good work  Spielberg.
1881273156|5.0|This book was recommended to me and my boyfriend by his mother, as he and I had both just come out of marriages ended by the other partner.  We took turns reading the book aloud to eachother, and we could not believe the  interesting discussions which resulted!  We learned about ourselves,  eachother and our past relationships, including what we did right and what  we did wrong.  It was too late to change the past, but it made our new  relationship much stronger almost overnight!  As Amazon can attest, I have  ordered numerous copies and have given them to friends who need them -- who  have in turn given or recommended the book to other friends.  You would not  BELIEVE the responses which have come back to me, especially saying they  only wish they had known about this book sooner!  Try it, you'll like it!   No, you'll LOVE it!
6302038324|5.0|Or if he were really a vampyre, as suggested in Tom Holland's THE VAMPYRE. During this terrible night in geneva, the most inspired gothic spirits of Europe will challenge themselves to the writing of an horror story. The  winner will be the one who would create a story so frightening that it will  become true in the others' minds. In essence, it will give birth to two  major works of English litterature, Mary sheley's Frankenstein an  Polidori's VAMPYRE (which seemed to be very much taken from Lord Byron's  life). The atmosphere is heavy and the prestation of each of the actors  remarkable. You would believe to be back in the old days, in the presence  of Lord Byron and the Shelleys. I would like to make a point escpecially on  Gabriel Byrne's play as a dandy and, perhaps, vampyre. There are lots of  hints at Frankenstein (with shelley naked under the rain shouting  &quot;Lightning is the force of the universe&quot;), at the vampyre myth,  and at shelley's obsession about worms, and so on...  All in all, for an  experience in fear, but not horror, we are held in good compagny, not to  say the best
B000002KHH|5.0|This is Black Sabbath's best album ever! Definitely worth playing over and over again. Every song found here is great. I just can't get enough of this CD. &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;Iron Man&quot; are two of my all-time  favorite hard rock songs. I also like &quot;Fairies Wear Boots&quot; and  &quot;War Pigs&quot;. I highly recommend this CD to any heavy metal fan. A  MUST HAVE!!! 10 STARS!!!
0312199066|5.0|For those of us who watched the space program unfold in the 60's &amp; 70's, this book will bring back some wonderful memories. For those who weren't around at that time, it's a wonderful first person tale of the  trials and tribulations of our quest for the moon. Andy Chaiken whetted our  appetites with &quot;A Man on the Moon&quot; and Tom Hanks gave us a  wonderful 12 hours on HBO. Captain Cernan takes us back to the early days  of Gemini and his spin on Gemini 9 [which really fascinated this reader]  right through Apollo 17. Some of these stories have been told before in  other books [some 25 years old], but it's refreshing to read them from  Cernan's point of view. The ego-trips, the family problems, the wonder and  the excitement are all there. I read this book with a smile on my face and,  at times, a tear in my eye...as this book brought me back to a time when we  knew all the astronauts by name and they were our heros during a very  turbulent time in our history. Thanks for the trip down memory lane! I  think I'll read it again.
0553345834|1.0|Mark seems to be consumed with himself. This book spends more time on personal examples of deals Mark made than any sort of technique that can help you. There are some good points, but I think you'd be better off with  Steven Covey or Tony Robbins..
B000005DQR|5.0|I am by no stretch of the imagination a fan of rap or commonplace hip-hop, but Endtroducing... is so far beyond those genres that it can hardly be labeled at all. It encompesses hip-hop, funk, soul, rock, punk, pop, almost  any type of music you've ever heard is somewhere inside this masterpeice.  When we look back at the nineties, this album won't be the most remembered,  but it may be the most influential.
0792833686|5.0|Watch for the brightest, most intense yellow you've ever seen when Gene Kelly's vest dances across the screen in the &quot;Gotta Dance&quot; sequence.  You've never &quot;seen&quot; this movie until you see it on  DVD!  Get it for your kids, get it for your parents, get it for yourself!!!
B000001EHS|5.0|I bought this album for one song, but now I can't listen to just one.  I am now a big fan of their's and Slang was good to me.
B000002L5I|1.0|Typical effort by someone who's obviously been influenced by the great ones (SRV, Hendrix...)and has alot of talent but has absolutely no soul.  He can play some licks but is unable to put them together to provide the  needed meaning and depth which this bluesy type of music demands.  Spend  your money on the lesser known greats such as Buddy Guy, Son Seals, or  Magic Slim.  This guy is overrated
6300214540|2.0|Having been a Naval Corpsman with the vile task of assisting Flight Surgeons in thier evaluation of the physical and mental attributes of pilots and pilot-wanna-bes, I can only assume this &quot;film&quot; to be a  recruitment video...nothing more, nothing less. While I concur with  SEAL/TEAM below that the video montages are thrilling, viewers should keep  in mind that Navy pilots are by definition pricks who do not sing in bars,  walk into womens bathrooms, buzz towers, or care about...things. They are  barely distiguishable from psychopaths. One should dread thier very  presence, and forgoe the worship stuff in favor of Satan. THIS IS NO SUCH  THING AS A LUKE SKYWALKER. A DARTH VADER MAYBE.
0440219078|5.0|THE GIVER gives the reader an insight on lifes possibilities and questions the power of authority.  Lois Lowry uses her incredible creativity a whole new world in which her charecters live.  The society has rules and  regulations that everyone must live and abide by or they will be  &quot;released&quot; from the community.  This is a heart touching story of  a young boy and his quest for truth and freedom from the harsh judgements  of his life.  I would recommend this book to every age because it includes  creativity for the young ones and a strong and complex sense of  understanding and wit for adults.  This is one of my favorit books and I  Promise it will be one of yours too.
B000002U82|5.0|How can you explain this ablum? The first time I listened to it I was blown away. Even now, as I almost know the album by heart, I still enjoy listening to it more than any other album. Yes, after awhile some tracks  get old, but most of them are continually enthralling. No matter what, the  album as a whole is simply one of the greatest masterpieces in modern  music.
0062511408|5.0|el alquimista nos cuenta una historia obligada para el ser humano leer.Como nos enfrentamos a nuestros suenos??como caminamos este camino al exito?????como descubrir la verdadera felicidad en nuestra lucha diaria???  todo estas preguntas encuentras respuestas en esta fabulosa novela.
0451191153|5.0|When people say Ayn Rand's characters are &quot;wooden,&quot; what they mean is that they don't know anyone like these characters in real life.<br />They should speak for themselves.<br />When people say that Ayn Rand's  dialogue is &quot;stilted,&quot; what they mean is that real people don't  have anything important to say.<br />They ought to know.<br />When people say  that Ayn Rand's plots are &quot;contrived,&quot; what they mean is that  human life isn't purposeful, but a deranged spell of chaos.<br />Takes one to  know one. <br />*The Fountainhead* really can change your life. But only if  you're on the premise that life-changing -- and life -- is possible.
0451163516|3.0|This is an interesting story, but the characters and plot are simplistic and one-dimensional.  This book had a melodramatic, soap operaish feel to it.  Still it is an interesting story and the author DOES do a very good  job describing the gross disparity between the upper and lower classes  circa the early 1900's.  He also demonstrates the plight of the early  feminists in a fair and impartial manner.
B000002HJD|5.0|I just got one thing to say.Rob O'Conner you know nothing about the doors or jim morrison.
B000006O7C|5.0|Grace was THE album of the 90's. Even though &quot;Sketches&quot; doesnt quite reach the staggering heights its predecessor did, songs such as &quot;the sky is a landfill&quot; and &quot;&quot;everybody here wants  you&quot; more than make up for it. Full of power and soul,  &quot;Sketches&quot; is one cd everyone must own..
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 has to be divided in eras.  The first era, Steve Lillywhite's era, Boy, October and War.  The last era, Flood's era, Zooropa and Pop.  And the best of them all, the Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois's era. The best U2 material  came from the hand of these two virtuosos. The Unforgettable Fire, Achthung  Baby and the masterpiece The Joshua Tree. There hasnt been an album that  represent better than The Joshua Tree what the real U2 is. Bono's lyrics,  The Edge's radical tones, Clayton's rythms and Mullen's beat make of this  album the best of my generation. The Joshua Tree is complete from the  beginning to the end. From the emotional Where the Streets Have No Name to  the sad Mothers of the Disappeared. If you want to know what U2 wanted to  be when they started, you most listen to this album.
0684800713|5.0|I'd recommend this book to anyone, it is particularly important that you read it if you're going to visit Paris, since this book will open your eyes to Hemingway's Paris... which through his eyes and perception of it, is as beautiful a city as you will find. In many ways it's a very sentimental novel about Paris, the 1920's, drink, sex, and courage. While the novel begins in Paris, the reader is taken south to the Pyranees that border France and Spain, and then further south still to Pamplona for the running of the bulls. The book's hero Jake cannot consumate his relationship with Lady Brett Ashley because of an unfortunate injury he acquired in the war in Italy, rendering him impotent. Brett is pigheaded, stunning, an attention seeker, and a flirt... this combination drives Jake crazy as she returns his love, but goes out with other men to get the one thing she can't get from him. This tragic scenario is masterfully painted for us by Hemingway from the very beginning of the book. So, the one thing that Jake wants to give to Brett he can't, and this makes him feel inadequate, and creates an ambivalence in her attitudes and behaviour toward him. Jake is the man she loves, he's right for her in every way, yet because of his injury she is driven away from him, and goes out with much lesser suitable men, one in particular is an out and out fool and a nothing compared with Jake. Hemingway makes the reader feel Jake's wistfullness and sentimentally about what could be between Jake and Brett, we also drink up the mood of Paris and Pamplona during the Fiesta... it's hard not to come away from the book with a crush on Lady Brett, a wish that you'd experienced Paris in the 1920's as Hemingway did, and perhaps more than anything else, dying for a drink... in classic Hemingway style, the characters booze their way through the novel from page 2. ***** Highly recommended.
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is a motion picture that was well ahead of it's time. The special effects displayed in this movie were not computer generated, but generated from the point of view of realism.  In 1975 they still thought they could  TRAIN a shark, and not create one.  And yet, in cinematic history, the  biggest money maker of 1975, there is a man made, larger than life sized  shark - caught on film in the movie Jaws.  A movie that went way over  schedule, and way over budget,and yet was produced and emptied the beaches  for the summer.  Not a mindless horror movie, but an intricate  psychological analysis of people and their environment.  Not a movie of  gore - but suspense and action!  This movie, can never be replaced or  topped. THERE WILL NEVER BE ANOTHER JAWS.  Thanks to Benchley, Zanuck,  Brown, Spielberg, Fields, Scheider, Shaw, Dreyfuss,Gary, Hamilton,  Gottlieb, Mattey, Bruce,  and ALL OTHERS INVOLVED- THANK YOU!
6304712936|5.0|Fabulous acting and wonderful directing in this excellent screenplay
0671634062|3.0|The tapes give you useful tips for negotiating.  In the most part, however, these are either common sense rules or unoriginal comments based on other works in the field.  All in all, the work may be full of  information on the subject but I found it hard to go through it all and  boring.
0792151720|5.0|Powerful and touching. Has few flaws,but what movie doesn't. All the hype is the reason why people hate it.
B000002U82|5.0|i love pink floyd and this is their masterpice.  it really brings out evrything good about music
0060977493|2.0|Roy can write.  She can make up new words.  She can construct interesting metaphors and new turns of phrase.  However, instead of using her skilfull language in the service of ideas and narrative, the novel seems to be  largely a device by which the author self-consciously demonstrates her  genius to the gallery.  I get the feeling that the primary response is  expected to be that the reader is to fall at the feet of a new literary  titan and worship.<br />As for the substance of the novel:  it seems less of a  novel than a short story bulked up on the steroid of flashiness.
6300151379|5.0|This movie is a magical experience, and is great for all ages!  I already have &quot;The Dark Crystal&quot; and now only need &quot;Labyrinth&quot; to complete my collection.   PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  rerelease this all time Henson classic!  I would love to own it!
B000009VOL|5.0|i like read the reviews here. then i bought the cd, and was amazed... it is a brillant cd
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album shows that artist can really feel their music instead of just throwing lyrics together. If you feel this C.D., check out the Roots, Tribe called Quest, Black Eyed Peas, and Common.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Though the mind-boggling level of hype this album has recieved is somewhat overwhelming, do not be decieved into thinking it's undeserved--Lauryn Hill's debut album is undeniably phenominal.  She artfully mixes  head-bobbin' beats and phat lyrics with soulful themes and powerful vocals.  While other artists are topping the charts with mindless black-pop, Ms.  Hill is reintroducing the concept of artistry to hip-hop music.  My only  fear is that the album's success will push hip-hop further into the  mainstream--an event that will only bring more 70-80's remixes and poorly  concieved rap-rock/pop/country/whatever collaborations.  I can hear it now  &quot;Puff Daddy featuring Garth Brooks&quot;...God help us all.
B000002WYT|5.0|Originally I bought this album for Crash Into Me.  But, as I listened to it, I fell in love with the way the band merges the different instruments to create a unique and marvelous sound.
0804106304|4.0|I enjoyed reading this story very much. Amy Tan put a lot of detail and emotion into this story, making me feel as if she had been in each of the women's lives. She gave vivid descriptions of situations, like when a  mother, thinking she was dying, left her twins and jewelry on the side of  the road. Amy Tan also knows how to manipulate your feelings, making me  dislike a mother for parading her daughter around and showing her as if she  was a trophy. This is a very well written book. Although I am not sure it  shows true Chinese life, I was intrigued by how the stories intertwined and  came to life. It is a great book I would recommend to anyone.
0131103628|4.0|I started programming with this book 3 years ago and it has helped me a great deal.  Every C programmer needs this book as a reference.  The  only problem I had with it was that it did not cover some of the more advanced  topics in enough detail but other than that its a great book. than that I  highly recommend it.
B00000253N|5.0|This is probably Dylan's finest album, which is saying alot.  While other Dylan albums are more ambitious musically and lyrically, BOTT is his most emotionally intense and honest effort, and the one that holds up best over  time.  This is an album about confronting the ghosts and failed dreams of  the past and finding the strength to go on.  The opening song,  &quot;Tangled Up in Blue&quot; sets the tone, as the narrator wistfully but  without self-pity looks back at the life he has left in the dust.  If there  is one song that best charecterizes Dylan, this is it.  There is a  wonderful triology of love songs that are seemingly about the same affair  (probably partially inspired by Dylan's own failing marriage).  The  movement from desparation and despair (&quot;You're a Big Girl Now&quot;)  to bittersweet acceptance of &quot;You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You  Go&quot; to the final pained forgiveness of &quot;If You See Her, Say  Hello&quot; create an emotional impact that is without precedant in modern  popular music. &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot; is perhaps Dylan's  richest and most thought-provoking lyric.  BOTT offers no easy answers, and  concedes that some wounds never heal and some answers are never found. At  the heart of the album, however, is the conviction that with hope, humor  and compassion, we can find the strength to survive.
6305263248|5.0|I caught this movie at the theaters and was blown away. It was underrated and people should have gone and seen it, but don't shy away from this DVD! Robert Deniro is great and Jean Reno is great as always.  It is also one of  the only films that I have seen with three Bond villains in the cast.   DVD-wise, the film is great. The Dolby Digital 5.1 audio is excellent  throughout the film and the picture quality is spectacular. If you missed  the film in the theaters, don't miss this DVD!!!!
B000002H97|3.0|I'll say it once again: The black album by metallica is good, and definitely worth buying, but it isn't the messianic godsend to heavy metal everyone makes it out to be. It did not influence Grunge music and groups  like Nirvana, Alice in Chains etc. (How could it influence them? It came  out at the same time!!). The only thing it firmly stated is that Metallica  was changing from excellent thrash music to a slower, doomier sound and  eventually to blues-based alternirock. I listen to and play A LOT of metal,  and firmly state that bands such as Black Sabbath, Deep Purple, and Cream  had that original &quot;grunge&quot; sound that would later influence  alternative bands in the early nineties. All the black album did was give  metallica their last mega-album before their glory years would end in '96  with LOAD. Buy it as a good album, but...
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher's tearing it up with &quot;Believe.&quot;  Almost the whole CD is filled with music that really pumps you up!  While the lyrics are emotionally desolate on &quot;Taxi,&quot; she makes up for it with the hit  &quot;Believe.&quot;  This is definitely one CD you can listen through all  of the way through.  Cher, you're like a fine red wine, just keep getting  better and better!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|If you are some cheap poser who heard &quot;Pretty Fly (For a White Guy)&quot; on the radio and you think it's talking about you, you're probably right.  But due to it's insulting nature, this is nothing to be  proud of.  Also, if the above described you DON&quot;T BUY THIS ALBUM!!!   Just buy the Pretty Fly single, otherwise you will be disturbed.  Americana  is a solid punk album, and every tune is great.  However, none of them  really have the quality of sheer perfection that the songs off the album  &quot;Smash&quot; did.  &quot;Ixnay on The Hombre&quot; also has four songs  of sheer perfection, and these are &quot;Me &amp; My Old Lady,&quot;  &quot;Gone Away,&quot; &quot;Cool to Hate,&quot; and &quot;I Choose&quot;.   Meanwhile, Americana has a great selection of songs that rank as great  Offspring, just not perfect.  The Best are &quot;Americana,&quot;  &quot;Pretty Fly,&quot; &quot;She's Got Issues,&quot; and &quot;Why Don't  You Get a Job?&quot;  But none of them can rise to the ranks of  &quot;Smash,&quot; &quot;Bad Habit,&quot; &quot;Come out and Play,&quot;  &quot;Gotta get away,&quot; or &quot;Self Esteem.&quot;  Still, any  Offspring fan has gotta love this album, and it deserves some awards.
6301902645|5.0|The best racing film made to date. If you are looking for &quot;Days of Thunder&quot; don't look here. This is a historically correct presentation of the LeMans race during the height of the Sports Car era, starring  someone who actually knew how to race. Factory vs. Factory - Porsche vs.  Ferrari. Great footage, great effects. The use of slow motion footage  forces the viewer to understand the brutality of the crashes and comprehend  how dangerous racing in this era truly was. If you've ever spent time in  the pits during endurance races, you will immediately feel at home.
B000000H66|5.0|A total masterpiece no questions ask or anithin      just like &quot;human,spiritual,leprosy,symbolic       and nowthe sound of&quot;like the rest of the albums there are exelents songs like&quot;trapped in  acorner&quot;&quot;mentally blind&quot;and of course&quot;The philosopher  from the album-individual thought patterns,follow by&quot;Denial of  life&quot;'baptised in blood&quot;,Evil dead&quot;,infernal death from the  album&quot;scream bloody gore. Chuck provide best music and probaly one of  the best song writer music ,writer vocalist,guitar player includin lead  guitar and of course a producer he has everything to become the best. truly  a inspirational like no other.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is for the ultimate romanctic person!  Guys, if your looking for something for your girlfriend or wife...here it is!
0345347951|3.0|Childhood's End is easy to read and highly engaging.  Like so many of Arthur C. Clarke's writings, its scope encompasses the entire history and future of humanity.  It includes a couple of delightful mysteries and a fun  explanation of a nearly universal myth.  The ending is unsubtle, but Clarke  expertly leaves much for the reader to judge and think about.<br />One  speculation is particularly thought-provoking, and worthy of a novel in  itself:  what would be the consequences if, by chance, the physical form of  alien visitors had a deep-seated meaning within some or all human  cultures?<br />Unfortunately, Clarke's develops these consequences only  superficially.  The novel has not aged well.  Clarke describes characters  and relates events in a sufficiently juvenile manner that the impact of the  ending is significantly reduced.
B000005L86|5.0|Deep, sacred, mystic music.   If you love reggae, you have to have this album.   The music is deep and dubbish with Roy Ashanti singing in a falsetto style.   Just get it.  Nothing more can be said.
B000002HAF|5.0|They've done it again! Surfa Rosa is even better than Dolittle with some of my favorite songs includind &quot;Where is my mind?&quot; and &quot;Gigantic&quot;.  If you like Dolittle than you'll love Surfa Rosa
B000002VMD|2.0|It's a pity this alleged masterpiece of an album will be forever linked with a shlocky film that nobody remembers. Soundtracks are a bad idea.
6304696566|5.0|In an interview in the late '80's, Steven Spielberg was asked what was the best movie ever made. He responded with &quot;The Searchers&quot;. See for yourself. John Wayne and an all-star cast take you from inside a family  riven by the Civil War to disaster and then to reunion. This movie does not  fulfil some notions of what a western is but, instead, gives us a picture  of people in the West. In the end, Wayne saves the day, but not without  paying dearly emotionally and physically.
0684874350|5.0|I read this in one day, I just couldn't put it down. To everyone complaning about punctuation, get over it! This story is told through the child's voice, the child's thoughts. Also, to those complaning about a  depressing read, that's life! Not everything in life turns out perfect.  Life is not a cheesy half-hour sitcom where everything turns out wonderful.  This book was an excellent read which will have me appriciating every scrap  of food and the warmth of my home for a long time.
B000007VMY|4.0|I got this cd as a gift from my fiance and I loved it. B.B. King, however aged , seems in shape and at                                     ease in this album of duets.     It is , however , strange to hear the opening  track of the album, &quot;If You Love Me&quot;, not being sung by    B.B.King. The song was written by Van Morrison and he sings it, while the  old bluesman merely plays                       guitar, adding no vocals.  But it is a beautiful song anyway.     The best track are &quot;Rock Me  Baby&quot;, in which Eric Clapton shares vocals and B.B. share vocals and     guitar, &quot;Baby I Love You&quot;, in which Bonnie Raitt's slide guitar  does a great counterpart with Lucille,   &quot;Payin The Cost To Be The  Boss&quot;, which reminds us that The Rollings Stones DID start off as a  blues   band, and &quot;Hummingbird&quot;, where Dionne Warwick sounds  perfectly at home belting out a blues tune.  There are other good tracks  too, but there were ones that I did not like, such as &quot;The Thrill is  Gone&quot;, with   Tracy Chapman. It is not Tracy's fault. The song is just  tired from being included in virtually all of BB   King's anthologies and  live albums. Another weak track was &quot;Keep It Coming&quot;, in which  Heavy D and                          King attempt a bluesy rap but it never  catches fire.   A track that is not great but not weak either is his duet  with Joe Cocker in &quot;Dangerous Mood&quot;. Joe is one              of  the best rock performers alive today, and his participation is worth  notice.     Well, to sum it up, it is a great album with a few weak tracks.  If I were you, I'd purchase the import       version which has a few more  tracks, including &quot;Let The Good Times Roll&quot;, with Zucchero.
078401213X|5.0|This is the ultimate Hacker's movie of 1998!The director does the impressive job of taking the hacking experience and faithfully putting it on the screen. The photography is great, they managed to shoot the entire  film with only black and white, with no grey, which made for a really cool  look. Also, the way the mixed in the soundtrack was great, it realy tied  itself together. If you know what it feels like to hack for forty hours  straight, this is the movie to see!
0156907399|2.0|This book came highly recommended from someone who shares the same affinity for the stream-of-consciousness style of writing as myself.  However, I found that this book suffered from a lot of repetition and  evantually that monotony just got under my skin.<br />This book does have  great moments but these are countered by the dull ones.
B00000ADG2|1.0|Just goes to show that it's publicity that builds record sales and not necessarily talent.  Not a standout by any means.
B00000F14B|4.0|I have looked forward to this DVD release more than any other so far, and it's a major letdown.  The images are mostly clean and crisp, but there's more streaking in movement than with most other DVD's...  sound is  unremarkable, no improvement made (litmus test:  Pert Kelton in &quot;If  You Don't Mind My Saying So&quot;.  Cracks on every version, this one  too.). <br />(The packaging claims that this version was digitally remastered,  which in this case can't mean anything more than that it had to be  transferred to DVD.)  <br />The unforgiveable sin is the color.  This is  supposed to be a vibrant movie- think Americana, red white &amp; blue -and  this transfer makes it look like it was shot through a brown filter.  Has  none of the bright, candy-coated charm evidenced on the late '80's  laserdisc version, which is still by far the best- I have a VHS dub of that  one that is brighter than this DVD.<br />This disc is salvaged, however, by  some enjoyable menu features, including a recent &quot;documentary&quot;  with some particularly patronizing narration delivered by Shirley Jones,  plus a frighteningly off-base Buddy Hackett.<br />**sigh**  It'll be a good  ten, twenty years before Warners re-releases this one again...  bring on  HDTV-DVD!<br />All this said, Robert Preston &amp; Co. do make this a valued  addition to my ever-expanding DVD library- for my money, this is the very  best of the 1960's stage-musical adaptations.
B000002H97|5.0|This CD is GREAT! Any TRUE Metallica fan would love it
0553573403|5.0|I am a middle-aged woman of 46 who had never read any fantasy literature other than The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings many years ago, until I was introduced to the genre by my teenage son some 6 years ago or so.<br />Since  then I have read many of the books in the genre as my son pushed them on me  - Eddings, Feist, Jordan, Brooks, to name just a few, and overall I have  enjoyed them.<br />This book, however, I picked out on my on back in the  summer of 1997, and when I began reading it I could not put it down. I have  enjoyed many fantasy books and series, especially Robert Jordan's Wheel of  Time, but they all seem like trivial kiddie literature compared to A Game  of Thrones. I cannot remember the last time a book has gripped me so. I  could not put it down. The book is certain dark and violent, but not  gratuitously so - it was a dark and violent age and land. The characters  are marvelous, the story line complex and fascinating. My only regret is  how long I have had to wait for the sequel.<br />When I read the first book I  thouht it was the first of 3, but now I hear it is to be the a 6-book  series. I'll be old and white-haired by the time I finish! The only book I  have read which has affected me like this is Frank Herbert's Dune which I  first read at age 13 back in 1965, and have reread probably a dozen times  since then. I cannot recommend this book highly enough, but it is not for  the squeamish or prudish.
0385484518|5.0|I was first referred to this book by a friend who said she had purchased multiple copies and given them as gifts.  As soon as i read the book I knew why and passed my copy on to my oldest son who is a college senior  struggling to find a direction in life.  Morrie is the kind of person we  all wish we could be more like - accepting of our situation in life,  realistic about what we are capable of, and filled with a zest for learning  and for living.  The tragedy of Morrie's illness and his losing battle with  death is overshadowed by his generous spirit and his tremendous sense of  humor.  This is a book you will want to read, discuss, and reread.
0783222955|2.0|Color would be nic
6301971582|3.0|The gist of this movie is what happens when a society takes youth worship too the extreme. I've bought several copies for friends on their big 3-0, and this movie always provides the needed counter-balance to the &quot;I'm  getting old&quot; self pity. Plus this is a fine example of good old  fashioned B-movie sci-fi that is funny by trying to be so earnest.
6305265488|5.0|This is the best Cinderella story ever produced. I love Drew Barrymore. This story had so much more than the real story. I want it for my birthday but it'llk probably be sold out already. EVERYBODY HAS TO SEE THIS MOVIE  NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0375402675|1.0|This is the second review I have written of this book.  The first did not appear as I was unfortunately a little too strong with my opinions, for which I apologise, but this is one of the worst books I have ever read.   More so because I used to really like Tom Clancy novels but this one was  laughable.<br />I spent months ploughing through it and getting continuously  more and more frustrated.  I was brought up in a military family and know  the ins and outs of the British military fairly well, and I was also raised  in Hereford. Not the SAS side of it but I do know the area well, Tom Clancy  doesn't.  What I found to be most annoying were the little things, his lack  of knowledge of simple geographical facts e.g Hereford is not near a  motorway/highway yet a major sequence is set on such a road, and London  does not have 'Blocks' like US Cities.  Tom Clancy was also unable to  establish a decent British accent, people were either terribly posh or a  farmer from Devon I would have hoped that a writer of Clancy's expierience  would have been above using such stereotypes.  His writing of the British  military was particularly gaulling as he simply did not know his stuff,  again the little things, e.g we do not have NCO Clubs!!! Yet this was a  constant setting through the book, again research would have quickly and  easily found this out.  His writing was stifled and cliche ridden bumbling  yocals saying ...(not a direct Quote) them men at the base are a different  breed they walk like lions.. etc etc.  I was almost laughing out loud.  I  hope his next book is better but lets face it, it cannot be worse.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Andrea Bocelli and Celine Dion are the voices of angels in their collaboration of &quot;The Prayer&quot;... it sent chills up my spine.
630526323X|5.0|Nosferatu is powerful, haunting and above all horrific.  I cannot think of a more gut-wrenching version of the Vampyre story than Herzog's version of the original 1922 silent pix.  The images are beautifully crafted and  wonderfully edited and I was tempted to turn down the volume at a number of  the scenes to re-capture my first experience with the silent.  But I have  to say that the soundtrack is masterful and perfect for this movie.  Kinski  is almost as convincing as Bela and the two togther are an important  contribution to the horror genre on film.  A wonderful movie that left me  with surrealistic images that will not go away.  Isn't that truly  horrifying and a masterful tribute to Herzog.
B000002IXS|5.0|This is the best of Mathieu.  It brings to one's heart the memories of France both past and present.  To listen to it is to know France.
0140076190|5.0|Just as bastian was reading Atryus story, and living the story it was easy to find yourself doing the same things that Bastian was doing.  I f elt like I was really there and at times I was even wanting to see the  childlike empress with Bastian.  I also longed to be in fantasia, even now.   This book is excellent and I would read it over and over if I could.  The  imagry is a work of heart and I tip my hat to the writer.
015626224X|4.0|In many ways, this is a worthwhile book.  It is refreshing to read about the personal narratives of one of the greatest authors of the 1900s.  Down and Out In Paris and London is different than many of the books I've read.   Orwell is able to make the reader slightly understand the ordeals of  poverty and the underclass.  The great thing about the book is he does this  in his own witty style.  This book is recommended to anyone who enjoys good  storytelling.  In addition, the reader learns interesting information about  the inner-workings of two fascinating cities.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee has captured the essence of the times.  While reading this book, you feel as though you are actually friends with Jem and Scout.  The characterizations are first-rate.  I read this book for school years ago,  and recently picked it off my bookshelf when I was in the mood to read a  &quot;Good Book&quot;, as opposed to &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;. The reading  was better the second time, after not having read it for a long while. I  only wish that Miss Lee had written more books-she's a major talent, not  ever to be forgotten.
0792106989|5.0|Right behind True Grit... the GREATEST western ever made.  Wayne and Steward are great in this one.  Gotta see it.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Doug wasn't lying when he said 'perfect from now on.'  I haven't heard an album with such compelling sounds lately other than Radiohead's OK.  Doug takes the decadence of There's Nothing Wrong and mixes it with the apathy  of Perfect to create an album that actually makes you happy.  It took long  enough, but it was worth the wait.
6300247120|4.0|Heartwarming, that's what it is.  Too many people focus on the father-son relationship, but my favorite scene is when Dave's mother shows him her passport.  This movie is also very funny.  And you gotta love that there's  no explanation given for why the kid is shaving his legs.
0767802659|1.0|I don't write reviews normally, but this is an awful movie. My daughter ( age 12) had just finished reading the book. I had also read the book to my son ( age 9). Both had liked the story and wanted to see the movie. We did  and walked out  in horror. Nothing in this movie is right! The troops in  the book had full combat suits. The soldiers in this movie had about as  much armor as a policeman. The tactics in the book were fast in/out types.  In the movie they acted more like they were playing capture the flag.  Finally the whole lesson of citizenship and honor were plowed under. I love  the book and have an insane hope that someone will make a movie of it that  focuses on the story, not the effects. In movies like Star Wars and Aliens  the effects were good, but the story is what made them special.I cared  about Luke or Ridley. This movie just trashes the story.
0671688782|1.0|Holding therapy was never meant to be used on infants and young children; it was initially intended for autistic adults. There is compelling research that shows it can and has led to psychotic reactions. I consider it absolutely at odds  with loving parenting, because there is no way to regain full trust after  forcing a child to be held against their will. In addition, this technique  has led some unscrupulous therapists to use not just their arms but chains!  I am so saddened about the use of this technique. To me it's obvious  that even if there is a so-called \\"breakthrough\\" there is no way  to avoid the deep anger and resentment created by the technique itself. The  only possible result of holding therapy is cooperation on the surface and  deep anger inside.<br /><br />Holding therapy has much in common with punishment.  Like all forms of punishment, It damages the bond between parent  and child, because it is simply not human nature to feel loving toward someone who hurts and frustrates us. The true spirit of cooperation that  every parent desires can come about only through a strong bond based on mutual feelings of love and respect. Holding time, even when it appears to work, can produce only superficially good behavior based on fear, which can  last only until the child is old enough to resist; angry teenagers are not really the puzzle that our society supposes. Their anger was created and deepened every time they were treated disrespectfully, especially during early childhood. In contrast, cooperation based on many experiences of respectful and compassionate care will bring many years of mutual happiness. All children behave as well as they are treated!<br /><br />How sad that  something as beautiful as having a child in our arms, when the desire is  mutual, has been perverted into such a sadistic \\"therapy\\".<br /><br />Jan Hunt, author of The Natural Child: Parenting from the Heart
B00000ADG2|5.0|Excellent, would like more singing but all in all a good C
0792841050|5.0|The acting, casting, and directing in this film are perfect for the storyline.  This is a movie  about one man's struggle to strike a balance between his commitment to God and his patriotism to his country.  He  ultimately proves that both can be achieved without compromise to  either.<br />This is the TRUE story about an American hero and how he rose  from obscurity as a Tennessee hillbilly farmer to a national icon.  Truly  an inspirational film for the whole family.  <br />Cooper and Brennan are  fantastic!  Joan Leslie is also great.
B000001OAA|5.0|I don't think I can't express how much I love them. Shirley Manson is fantastic her vocals cut through everything. The techno beats, fuzz bass and keyboard sound great, - dark and mysterious on &quot;Stroke of  Luck&quot;. This is one of the best albums of the '90s, as has already been  said by so many. The Smashing Pumpkins and Garbage are my two fave bands,  and I could never choose between them. I can't even pick which Garbage Cd  is better. With songs like &quot;Supervixen&quot; this album has helped me  through hard times, just the lyrics &quot;I could take you out with just a  flick of my wrist make me feel so much better! in a word, WOW
0783114222|5.0|As someone not old enough to have seen the Apollo landings as they happened, I still felt a sense of awe while watching this series.  The fact that we have not been back to the Moon is disappointing.  Perhaps watching  this series can stir up our sense of adventure again.  The crisp DVD image  and audio makes this a worthwhile addition to my collection.
6305263248|4.0|Know this going in: 'Ronin' enjoys the cliches of the genre.  It revels in overturned fruit carts and unlikely plot devices.  The cast is strong, with DeNiro and Reno filling out their roles perfectly.  Frankenheimer directs  the movie with skill, managing to make the action scenes both gritty and  polished.  But how is the DVD itself?<br />The image is crisp and clear; not  quite the best I've seen, but certainly nothing to complain about.<br />The  sound is truly standout, panning smoothly around the viewer. Gunfire is  sharp, engines purr smoothly, and the dialogue is never drowned  out.<br />Supplements include a director's commentary and an alternate ending.  There are also some clips on the DVD that will be used for an online event  on March 14, 1999. (You need Windows 95 or 98 for this) One strange  omission: No trailer -- these are almost standard now and is a surprising  gap in an otherwise excellent DVD.<br />All in all, a good addition to any  action-fan's DVD collection and a mighty fine demo disc to boot.
0790738147|4.0|Very well written and directed.  Lots of great twists and turns.  Classy.  Great gun fight at the end too.  Got a bit gross at times, but not gratuitous.
B00000ADG2|5.0|i can understand a bad review but please!!! use real words in the english language and don't put down a person you don't even know!! I loved the cd and give her props for being honest!
0783227019|4.0|A character driven piece on trust and loyalty with some explosive DePalma action, this is a real emotional ride, thanks to Pacinos tour de force lead performance.  Unlike some of his other characters, you really care about  this guy and his need to go straight.  On the opposite end of the spectrum,  Sean Penn exceeds at making his lawyer a repulsive whiny slug. Just sit  back and watch these pros work a great story.  Anyone who loved the  Godfather or the Untouchables will love this, too.      The DVD offers a  great widescreen picture plus a trailer, but nothing else. The movie speaks  for itself, though.  I also love how it doesn't milk its 70's time setting.   It's totally natural and real.
6305265488|5.0|I was really afraid this was going to be a &quot;chick flick&quot; (which it was) but there was SO much story, acting, and excitement that you forget about that.<br />There were three college guys in front of us that were making  fun at the first and wiping tears by the last.<br />The only bad thing is that  ONE line &quot;I schall tury (i shall try)&quot;.
B0000062GE|5.0|Outdoing themselves yet again, Stabbing Westward has created an awesome composite of industrial rock and techno in their third album.  Unlike the other two, this one also tells a story lyrically, and starts to offer a  message of hope and healing.  Still, they have lost none of their hardness,  and any fan of rock will love this album.
6305229449|5.0|This is a truly excellent movie. It shows humor with Eddie Murphy as Mushu, courage with the story, well depicted chinese history, as well as girl power. This movie is a disney classic, right up there with Fantasia  and Aladdin and all those others. It truly outshines some, like the  poorly-depicted Hercules, and just makes you want to smile, cry, laugh or  sing along with the characters. I give this movie a million thumbs up! (Uh,  a little help here?)
B000002UAO|5.0|This album is fantastic. It seems to be the middle album between the era of the more &quot;Pop&quot; style of &quot;Hold your Hand&quot; and the more FM radio oriented acid trip stuff. It really is a historic piece  because it does document a transition period. Besides.. Norweigan wood was  the first song I learned to play on guitar so that makes this my favorite  album.
0446347949|4.0|First of all, this book is talking about how to put image of product(or anything) into prospect's mind. in other word, it is &quot;Positioning&quot;. it says that there are many ways but in over  communicated society, to find best way is not easy. because the ability to  memorize in Human is very limited and there are too many me-too things  around my product. so one of the way is that be the first in the market. if  you can't be the first, make your own category in prospect's mind. and let  them recognize the difference between mine and competitor(the first one.).  there are many examples in this book. especially this book wants to build  up some comparison with product era and positioning era. I think that it is  type of mind-breaking book. because after reading this book, I got change  of my concept for how to pursuing others into my own object.<br />But one  thing that this book is not considering is that even though current society  is very overwhelming with communication, that is one of the power of this  society. and I think that when the writer of this book thought of this  concept, &quot;Positioning&quot;, the main consumer group of the society  was not X-Generation. but now the trend is changed, many part of this  society is being occupied by X-Generation and Y-Generation. the generations  have the power to get more communication than the predecessors, because  they were born at the begin of communication era. so they've developed  their power to beat it off. so Positioning for new generation should be  changed. the general concept will not be changed from the original way of  &quot;Positioning&quot;. but it should be remodeled.<br />In the book, the way  to make new product have effective position is make a new category in  prospects' mind. but I think that for new generation, we'd better find new  group who will be apt to be attracted to our product.(they already have an  empty place in their mind for new product.) and appeal to them. I think  that it can be called &quot;small group approach&quot;. I know that there  were many tries as &quot;customized&quot;. but I think that it is little  bit different. customization is focusing on each person. but I think that  the approach will not be successive in market, because..... . Cost problem  : to satisfy all is impossible...... . Too complex : people want to have  simple choice. even though people want to change some in their own way....  so we'd better give users an chance to select major groups( I think that  the number of group should not be over 5.-generally man can remember 7  items in one area.), and let them choose the various selections in the  group.<br />But as we know, the approach should be flexible, because depending  on the characteristics of product, the prospects are different.and as you  said, it is very complex.... but if we can read the prospects' mind, we can  find way to get in.
B000002UVX|5.0|wonderful album for the collecter or listener!! However, it would be better to get the brand new 2-disc album.
B000000W9Z|5.0|David Bowie is my hero, so this review is biased. He is a musical genius and the greatest rock star who ever lived. Unfortunately, after Scary Monsters (Which was brilliant...) he dropped into mediocrity and created  music which was painful to listen to. Outside is more than a return to his  great form, it is quite possibly one of the best albums he (or anyone else)  has ever done. Truly atmospheric and mood altering, this is the most  underrated album of the decade.
B000006OAM|2.0|I've been interested in Natalie since 1985, and she sure has a singular voice.  I miss the frolicking-on-stage Maniac, compared to the adored pretense of today.  When she sings about &quot;thanking&quot; everyone, I  am not persuaded of her sincerity.
0451452739|5.0|Throughout literature, there are expressions which have &quot;stuck&quot; and those which haven't.  Hal stuck. Everybody remembers who Hal was, even those only slightly familiar with science fiction.  2001, the truth,  didn't.  Dispite the protests of those who know the Gregorian calander  started with year 1, they are largely ignored.  Clarke's brilliant work may  help researchers to understand why some imaginary things stick in the  masses minds while some true facts don't.
0060920084|2.0|Shallow, unremarkable travelogue that is short on original insight.  The humor grows stale after the first few chapters thanks to an over-reliance on a single spiteful undercurrent.
0792833279|5.0|A smooth flowing movie with interesting characters , a clever plot and a smart and witty script . With a cast like Travolta , Hackman , DeVito and Russo what more could one ask for .
6305265666|5.0|Barrymore shows great depth in this character.  This is a Cinderella story for the woman of the 90's.  A woman who can rescue her man, and yet be vulnerable.  This is a must see film!  Enjoyed by both men and women.
0792153294|5.0|No one could possibly describe how good this movie is. All I can tell you is that &quot;go and see it yourself!&quot;
B000000W3G|5.0|this is the best smashing pumpkins cd i have ever have had. and i love the little book that came with it that kicked to. all in all on a rate frome 10 to sux i give it a 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999   99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999   99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999   99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999   99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999        9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999.3
0887307280|4.0|I loved &quot;The E-Myth&quot; and I have applied its wisdom to my start-up, but I feel I was somewhat hoodwinked when I bought &quot;The E-Myth Revisited&quot; through Amazon.com because it's very similar to The  E-Myth. One of the disadvantages of shopping online?
B000002UDB|5.0|The Beatles made several &quot;perfect&quot; albums, and THIS is one of them.  (A &quot;perfect album&quot; is an album that has 100% music - no filler tracks.)  This also goes for the often-overlooked &quot;Blue Jay  Way&quot;.<br />&quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; is a spectacular example of  electronic music, which puts to shame even the so-called  &quot;masters&quot; of the genre like John Cage, Varese and Stockhausen.   The same can be said for &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;, &quot;Strawberry  Fields Forever&quot;, and &quot;Baby You're A Rich Man&quot;.
B0000024SI|5.0|This record will stay with you--you'll be able to listen to it decades after first hearing and appreciating it, and still appreciate it.  And that appreciation won't be anywhere near only the nostalgia for one's simpler  youth, the shallower popular and beloved works of which can also still be  appreciated decades later, but only with a slightly sickened and nostalgic  condescension to one's earlier self.  Unlike Dylan's later &quot;Forever  Young&quot;, Highway 61 is forever new, refreshing and bracing, as  smartass, righteously impressed with its knowledge and prowess, blue and  cracked as Dylan's own voice.
B000002C4J|1.0|I never particularly liked Celine but this CD is absolutely horrible.  I am a teenager and my mom bought this CD for herself.  I used to have to listen to it everyday in the car, but I got smart real quick and  confonscated it so I didn't have to suffer any longer.  I thought my  eardrums were going to bust!!!
015650300X|5.0|As every French speaking child, I read it when I was at school. I re-discovered it when I was 18. I'm now 28 and it is still my favourite. You will find no theory, no big philosophy in this book, but &quot;a piece  of life&quot; as another reader said.<br />I also liked L'Alchimiste, but  L'Alchimiste is for me just one book among the others. Le Petit Prince is  something else: shorter, simpler, richer !<br />Read it and you will see that  life, every little piece of it, is a wonder. And that relationships are  what matters. And simple things. And...
0783226063|4.0|This movie, while beautiful and enjoyable, will be almost impossible to watch if you have not watched Dune.  I thought it was wonderful and enjoyed it immensely.  Dune fans will love it.  I had to watch this movie for the  first time in '96 from a rented movie.  The tape was in horrible condition,  this DVD really brings out the beautiful sets and does a decent job with  the sound.  It is enjoyable but watch the movie with a friend who can  explain it.
B000002H33|5.0|There should be no doubt in any metal listeners' mind that this is the best band ever, the greatness of all the musicians none better than the other in their respective places.  Whether it be the infamous Cliff Burton  on bass or his worthy follow up after his untimely death,Mr. Jason Newstead  there is no let up in the greatness of Metallica  In my eyes as a bassist,  this is one of the best albumes ever written.  Songs like Orion that have  no vocals but dont need them to be one of my most fav songs.  I would  recommend this to anybody who's sick of boring music and wants to bang  their head to something timeless in sound.
6304331185|5.0|The Usual Suspects is one of those films that doesn't come around that often.  The sheer brilliance of it just pulled me in and right when I thought I had solved the mystery, the plot twisted again.  It wasn't just  the storyline that was utterly enjoyable, however, but the characters and  the script as well.  Watching such a serious and complex picture is  extremely difficult without some comic relief, and that was provided  exceptionally by Del Toro's Fenster and Pollak's Hockney.  My favorite  element of the entire film, though, was without a doubt, Kevin Spacey.  I'm  not saying everyone should share my opinion because he is my favorite  actor, but to me his performance was absolutely flawless.  This is a movie  I will watch again and again and never grow tired of.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I've been waiting for something like this for a long time.  Take the best musical elements of The Smiths, the lyrical genious of Paul Simon, add some early REM (or maybe even their recycled sound on UP), the feel of the  Velvet Underground, a touch of inspiration from dream pop artists like the  Sundays and the Innocence Mission... mix all of this together, and you get  the timeless classics found on Belle &amp; Sebastian's &quot;The Boy With  the Arab Strap&quot;.  You'll find it nearly impossible to pry this CD out  of your player, that is, if you can manage the will power to hit the stop  button.  If you haven't bought this album yet, do it now.
B00000I0XW|5.0|A good alternative to buying both &quot;Surrender&quot; and &quot;Sings Andrew Lloyd Webber&quot;. This compliation is  basically the highlights of both albums. Wonderful orchestrations and, of course, Sarah's voice make  for a great CD, whatever she sings.  Standout tracks include &quot;All I  Ask of You&quot; with Cliff Richard, and &quot;The Music of the  Night&quot;. Steer clear of her &quot;Love Changes Everything&quot;,  though. It almost ruined the whole album for me.
B000002J2B|5.0|My parents once lived in a house fronted by a field.In that field was a tree exactly like the one on this album cover.On winters evenings,as the sun set,I would put on the headphones and crank up Wind &amp;  Wuthering.<br />For me the key songs are &quot;Blood on the Rooftops&quot; and  &quot;Afterglow&quot;,which is my favourite song bar none.It's something  about the finality of it...&quot;now I've lost everything....I miss you  more&quot;.<br />When I saw Genesis at Wembley Stadium in 1987,they sang  &quot;Afterglow&quot;.You can probably picture me in the middle of the  stadium in my own world!  This album is the best way of showing a recently  landed alien what Genesis are all about.
B000005ITX|5.0|why doesn't everyone know about this pop rock counterculture masterpiece??  if you like forever changes, try chad and jeremy's &quot;the ark&quot;.....you won't be disapointed.
6301963911|5.0|Annie Hall is Woody Allen's masterpiece, a film so endearing and funny it begs to be shared.  Every once in a great while a movie comes along that you can reccomend to anyone...this is most definitely one of those movies.   I can't tell you how many people I've swayed from &quot;I don't like Woody  Allen&quot; to &quot;wow, now I see what you mean&quot;.  I encourage  people to lay aside their destructive criticism of Allen's personal life,  and concentrate on what a wonderful world of cinema he's made for us all.   Watch it again and again, I assure you...it only gets better.
B00000ADG2|1.0|I was excited when I heard that Fugees' Lauryn Hill was releasing a solo album.<br />If I had known that this album was basically rap I never would have purchased it.  <br />Lauryn Hill has a beautiful voice that isn't even  used in this album....
B000002C1X|5.0|I have listened to this album before there were CD's and I will forever continue to listen to whatever form of disk or whatever you put music onto into the next millenium.  This has to be one of the most comforting  recordings to me that there was ever printed.  It soothes the soul in times  of confusion and doubt.. Simply put in the words of someone very wise to  me..OUTSTANDING.  Thank you David Gilmour and Roger Waters!!
0609603086|3.0|I enjoyed this Follett book, and read it in a single sitting, as I always do his page-turners.  However, ever since he started moving the settings of his novels to the United States, his authenticity has suffered.  Most  noticably in The Hammer of Eden.  As an American, familiar with the  culture, geography and language covered in his book, it was obvious that  the work was written by an outsider looking in.  The flaws were just  distracting enough to remind me that the work was fiction, thus breaking me  out of my escape into the world of Follett's storytelling. I miss being  transported to unfamiliar worlds with absolute trust, as in Pillars of the  Earth, and even his earlier, less noteworthy work.  That said, I still  think The Hammer of Eden is well worth reading, and I would recommend it  without reservation.  I will continue to read anything Ken Follett writes.  I just wish he would take me back to England, or at least Europe, next  time.
0060168366|1.0|What began as a promising good read turned sour and distasteful long before it ended.  Mr. Johnson obviously bit off more than he could chew without revealing his inability to write dispassionate history. By the time  he reaches the civil war one begins to see a personal bias in his writing.  I almost sensed a bit of racism and anti-Semitism in his tone.  By the time  he reaches the 60's it becomes obvious that he has lost control of his  objectivity and has lapsed into a conservative political diatribe.  You  don't have to read the last 100 pages, you already know what he is going to  say.
0060925000|5.0|Initially this novel might seem discouraging to some because of its length, but it is beautifully well balanced and richly detailed without bogging you down with complicated plot lines or rambling details. It is a  book for the mature reader, and by mature I am not referring to one's age  but to one's expectations of fine literature. Neither should the length be  seen as a challenge : I, like many of the reviewers here, am anxious to  read the sequel.
B000005AYM|5.0|It's a perfect blend of new R&amp;B, old-school soul, and jazz
B0000029GA|5.0|illmatic is a classic. It's a must to get it. Now of dayz, people lost the concept of real mc-ing. Nas is a poet! In my opinion he's the best mc. Some people think Jay-Z skills is better, think about what your really saying!  He's seacond best in my opinion. The only reason I would say krs one is  better is for one, he doesn't rap about the same nonsense;and two he's a  vet. illmatic is blazing! Pick it up. One Love!! Noble......$STIX$
B00000ADG2|5.0|Instead of the common lyrics written by most artists, like lost love and how because they got dumped they hate the opposite sex, Lauren Hill promotes real experiences that people face and decisions that people are  too often afraid of.  Her dedication to Zion and God is awesome. &quot;I've  never been in love like this before&quot; pinpoints the love of a mother to  her child.  I admire her for listening to her heart instead of what society  thought was right.
B000001Y42|5.0|Their guitar parts are awesome in all the songs!  Their mix of rock and rap turned out to be really cool!  If you like head banging by this cd!  Limp Bizkit RULE!!!!!!!
0375707972|4.0|While in the beginning it's a bit difficult to really get interested in the storyline and it all seems to be going nowhere, the involvement comes suddenly and I couldn't put it down. And when I finished I couldn't sleep  because I couldn't stop thinking about it. It's one of the few books that  stay with you because of the impression they make.
B000005AYM|5.0|This girl is gonna GO places! She has an exceptional voice and a feel for the beat. She enhances your life with her jazzy, way-cool tunes. Hip hip Hooray! '             ' '             '
0061007137|5.0|This is one those kind that I would count as flawless. No romance to cry about, no narration to be annoyed by. It's just full of actions and plot-twistings that one would have problem following if enough attention is not paid to.
6305076650|5.0|This is a great movie!!  It's such a blast to watch, you get so into the movie, you practically become one of the characters.  The songs are so much fun to sing to, you can't help but sing and get up and dance to the Time  Warp!!  A must see, not everyone will like it, but it's still worth a try!!
B00000AFWW|3.0|well, this cd isn't so bad. it's still loud i think...if you turn it up...i like malibu...but nothing else too much. kay? bye now
6305265488|4.0|Obviously, it's no surprise how this movie will end.  The real clincher for me was realizing one day about two weeks after watching this movie that Cinderella saves herself!  The costumes, characterization, and small plot  twists were just all-out fun, and Cinderella's revenge was wonderful!  Not  to repeat myself, but the key word for this movie was fun.  It's a real  winner.
0517591812|5.0|I traveled to London last summer -- only spent a week -- the book is as captivating as the city.  Do read.
B000000FG8|5.0|I got the first part of this album on record and it still hasn't gotten irrelivant over many years. A classic and absolutly amazing album.
0679731377|5.0|History of the World is entertaining and clever.  The images are evocative and will stay with me.  This is the first book I have read by Julian Barnes, and it is a keeper.  I'm oredering more today.<br />This book is a  great break -- best book I've read this year.
0884271137|5.0|How does a physicist so deftly apply the rules of logic to every day life and business? Just like The Goal this book teaches fundamental concepts and breaks down seamingly impossible situations. I  believe Eli is every bit as  good a read as Ayn Rand. I'm greatful for the experience, and I'll come  back again for future inspiration.
6301016289|5.0|I have found, from time to time, that people like to write bogus reviews just to mess with the shopper.  Rest assured that Michael Douglas earned his Oscar for his role as Gordon Gekko, and that the script will strike a  chord with its audience.  The cast is incredible, the story convincing, and  the lesson timeless.  To suggest for a moment this is the worst movie of  the 80s shows true ignorance from tommy.
B0000070QS|5.0|We can definitely say that Morten has the best voice in this planet. I thought that I was a fan of A-ha but with Wild seed, I realize that I was a fan of Morten. I just don't enderstand why this album that I discover in  France in 1997 has never been released in the US. Just listen to  &quot;Ready to go home&quot; and you will understand.
0792151720|1.0|Sets a terrible trend, where it's alright to spend $200 million on a movie.  Had two dimensional characterization.  Predictable to its core.  CGI a little too obvious.  Crowning Leonardo the next James Dean is insane.   Goes to prove how much disposable income teenage girls have nowadays, as  is shown also in popular music (i.e., backstreet boys, and hanson).  Study  the history of Titanic, but don't exploit it with a pithy &quot;love  story.&quot;  Look for real Love in the real world, and not on the silver  screen.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is a really terrific album..full of layers..a challenge to listen to and absorb. I agree with the NY Times that it is a &quot;visionary&quot; album with amazing insights from such a young performer. I have always  loved R &amp; B but this is the first &quot;hiphop&quot; album I've  loved...it combines elements of hiphop, reggae &amp; R &amp; B in all sorts  of interesting ways. It is a moving album on many levels.    New Jersey  rules..it was wonderful for us locals to see another magical Newark/ Orange  NJ performer, Whitney Houston, give Lauren Hill her Grammy for album of the  year.  I sort of wonder if Ms Hill can EVER do a better album than this  one. I'm sure looking forward to her next effort. What a talent this young  woman is. In my estimation, Lauren Hill is a very, very gifted performer  and writer and producer with a unique ability to reach and touch people. .
0441172717|5.0|Dune is a classic. I have read it several times and each time found new thought provoking truths to ponder over for the next several months. There are so many levels of meaning in this story that it will never grow old.  Several themes include: The story of Paul Atriades and his family,  conservation of natural resources, conflicts in society, management of  greed, conflict between sacrifice and gain, the ultimate dangers of  artificial intelligence, and the list goes on. All this and it's a terrific  page-turner too. I cannot begin to recommend this book highly enough. In  fact, I think I've just persuaded myself to read it again.
0060977493|2.0|You may be curious to read this award winner which has sold so well.  But it is mostly all hype, and ultimately it is a difficult to read, disjointed novel.  For anyone who is interested in India, Rohinton Mistry's &quot;A  Fine Balance&quot; is a far superior novel, also an award winner, but  delightfully readable.
B000002I6T|5.0|I'm showing my age....but I have over the years worn out six LP's, lost 4 cassettes and had the cat pee on this one of a kind gathering of friends. It doesn't matter WHEN this was recorded. It is as haunting (Garcia pedal  steel) and relaxing today as it was in the 70's. Younger generations will  never know why Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash/Young formed until they have the  opportunity to hear the individual recordings such as David Crosby. <br />Bill  Jackson<br />Dallas, Texas
B000002WU9|5.0|Let me tell you, I'm from the 'Old School' of BDP Criminal Minded, Eric B. &amp; Rakim 'Paid in Full', and others, this album easily should've been rap album of the year in '95.  The thought that was put into this album  clearly defines hip-hop in it's purest.  This album should be used as a  template for aspiring MC's &amp; DJ's to do sh*t right the first time.  As  long as the Will Smith's &amp; Puff's are out there, hip hop will always  suffer to the mainstream 'RAP'......
6305169187|1.0|The only possible disaster worse than this movie is the one it depicts.  Glittery big-budget nonsense with just enough character development to fill a thimble.  Do yourself a favor.  Watch Nova instead.
B00000ADG2|5.0|The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is honestly one of the best albums that I have ever plunked down money for.  The depth of artistry inherent in this record is just mind-boggling; and rarely do you hear this much soul poured  out in 70 minutes.  Many are calling this a landmark album and I agree.   The fact that it just won FIVE Grammys should cement that fact.  If Lauryn  continues in this same vein I believe we have the next truly revered  musical legend on our hands re: Aretha Franklin, Elton John, Bob Dylan,  etc..  Do yourself a favor.  If you want to hear some truly superior music,  give it a listen
0671015206|5.0|The only problem is that I am a single 39-year old male still looking for a woman who doesnt let money influence her decision about me.  This book may be a turn-off to most women.
0792151712|1.0|This movie is terrible!!!  It makes me angry that crap like Titanic won so many Oscars including Best Picture when it was against great movies like Good Will Hunting and LA Confidential.  I lost all respect for the Academy  Awards when Titanic won because it shows that money and hype win over  everything that makes a great movie.  I still can't believe Titanic got  more Oscar Nominations than Saving Private Ryan!!!  Whats that about!!!  I  hope the new Star Wars movie kicks some Titanic ass when it arrives in May  to show those horny 13 year olds that they don't run the movie buisness.
6303187064|5.0|This film is dark, intense and focussed. Only film to have a shot at romantic/action/horror/comedy (sort of) combo. It is well worth a look (unless you were a big wrap for driving miss daisy - you might prefer city  of angels - which i gave a wide steer waiting for nic cage to come back.  snake eyes should do the trick.<br />Brandon Lee goes off.
B000003BEV|5.0|True, if you're not a big Stones fan then you might be better off buying &quot;Out of Our Heads&quot; or &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;. But for anyone who appreciates everything these guys have done, then this is definetley a  good bet. This album is NOT a Sgt. Pepper rip-off. It's a brilliant satire  of mid-to-late 1960's psychedelia, and most likely not meant to be taken as  seriously as other Stones albums. But therein lies its beauty.
B000002IOW|5.0|What this album lacks in production it makes up sheer beauty and emotional power.  I was weaned on this Rush album, and grew to number it among my albums of emotional release and connection.<br />Neil's lyrics reach a high  point here, not just in poignancy, but also in clarity.  His verse is  tight, his messages un-didactic, and his emotions honest.<br />Providing the  framework for Neil's genius are Geddy and Alex's music.  removed from the  keyboard saturation of the previous four albums, and bereft of the muddying  guitar-driven compositions of the next three, Presto's sound is bright,  sparkling (though at times a bit tinny), and conatins some of the most  beautiful and powerful meusical passages Rush has ever written.  The  harmonies on &quot;Hand Over Fist&quot;, &quot;Scars&quot; and  &quot;Presto&quot; are truly wonderful to listen to.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is by far Smashing Pumpkins' best album.  It is the most consistent of their albums, loud yet melodic guitars all the way through and smart, emotional lyrics, mostly dealing with finding yourself in an unwelcoming  world and getting on with your life despite it.  I purchased it in the  autumn of 1993 and fell in love with it, and it's still my favorite.   &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; is longer, but this is definitely better.   &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; and &quot;Quiet&quot; are awesome to listen to as  stress relievers, and &quot;Mayonaise&quot; and &quot;Soma&quot; are  beautifully crafted and good for lonely/sad days.  Most importantly,  &quot;Today&quot; is the end-all #1 Pumpkins song of all time, and one of  the best songs ever recorded (the video is the coolest, too).  This is a  classic and in 50 years, people will remember it.  You can't say that about  Matchbox 20, you know!If you don't own any Pumpkins albums, this should be  your first. If you own others, they are great indeed, but you need this one  to call your collection whole.  You will not be disappointed.
076782444X|5.0|About a year ago I took I ballroom dance class, and got hooked.  Ever since, I've been looking for a good movie about ballroom dance, and this was definately it.  I've seen both &quot;Strictly Ballroom,&quot; and  &quot;Shall We Dance?&quot; And &quot;Dance With Me&quot; tops them both.   It's a passionate love story that is only heightened by the phenomenol  dance scenes.  Vanessa Williams looks great!!  And Chyenne is goregeous!!   I never buy movies but this one I will definately be buying.  Five stars  ***** all the way baby!!!
B000002BBY|5.0|This was the soundtrack to my college years.  Yes, the band pretentious and conceited, but the music isn't.  This is real rock-n-roll.  &quot;She's Electric&quot; is aural sunshine.  Every time I play this album, I want to  hear all the songs at once, and sing along with a smile on my face.  One  qualm: &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot; IS a Beatles ripoff, but at  least you know they know it, too -- and if it turned anyone on to the  Beatles, then it was worth it.  This is one of the only CDs I can listen to  all the way through, and I've never become tired of any of it.  It is well  worth the money!Also, be sure to check out &quot;Talk Tonight&quot; on the  Wonderwall CD single or The Masterplan.   It is truly their best.
B000002KNY|5.0|What happens when you get a bunch of hip people and a great producer together and record an album in a few days' time? Great things, apparently. This album bubbles with excitement. &quot;Heaven&quot; of course is a  classic.
B000002MY3|1.0|I had to listen to this album constantly thanks to my college neighbors.  All I can say is, it made me wince in pain on a daily basis.  Isn't that ironic?  Well no, really, it isn't.  It's just a bad album.  While her  emotions may come across as sincere if you are used to listening to  Tiffany, nothing can stop the chills I feel when I hear her high-pitched  gargle-and-wail screechfest &quot;All I Really Want&quot;.   I recommend  this album only as a torture device for cats who fight too much.  It  parodies them.
B000002552|4.0|I like the spirit behind this zany venture, as Dylan explores his seemingly vast knowledge and appreciation of many styles of American music. I'm not as keen on the Band, who seem a little dull in comparison.
B00000DGUG|1.0|alanis is stinky.  she screeches like cat claws running down a chalkboard.  and although she doesn't screech as much, the pretentiousness and poor overall song quality don't earn her any points this time around, either.    lots of females kick her booty musically every day.  former alanis junkies,  i invite you to discover fiona apple, jewel, sarah mclachlan, joni  mitchell, ani difranco, paula cole, lauryn hill, courtney love, carole  king, erykah badu, or luscious jackson, for starters.  don't believe the  hype.
0525244581|1.0|I found the book to be very entertaining at the start, but it got old and it isn't even a very big book.  Muddled thinking leads to muddled conclusions. For example: Hoff praises the simple mindedness of Pooh and  uses an illustration of someone who is rational and purposeful getting into  a car wreck because he is that way, when my experience has been that  simpleminded Pooh-type people cause most car wrecks.  I wouln't buy it.   Check it out from your library first.
B000002NJS|5.0|her best album.  Great pop w/ &quot;electronica&quot;  Very uplifting and danceable.
0312955006|4.0|Just recently, I received a copy of Connelly's Trunk Music as a gift. Never one to begin a series in the middle, I picked up a copy of The Black Echo. I can see how Connelly's first novel won an Edgar. The Black Ice was  better; much better in my opinion. In The Concrete Blonde, Connelly hits  his stride with Bosch, revealing more details about the character's past,  creating deeper relationships, and supplying more motivation for why Bosch  is not your run-of-the-mill, rogue cop. The Concrete Blonde is about the  lost concept of justice, and Bosch's pursuit to obtain it without  sacrificing his &quot;mission&quot;, his relationship, and his sanity.  Through this disturbing journey, Bosch shows us the costs involved in  acheiving true justice. Next up: The Last Coyote - I can't wait!
0783230710|5.0|Everyone knows that Apollo 13 is a well written and directed movie (Ronny Howard).  What everyone may not know is that the DTS audio track transfer from the Video master to the DVD is excellent.  With nice speakers and a  subwoofer, DTS makes this movie worth the price.  AC-3, having to compress  the audio more than DTS on the DVD disc, the Dolby Digital just doesn't  sound as good.  Period.  The rumbles of the lift-off are clean and tight -  they are not just a low &quot;buzz&quot; or vibration.  The high's in the  dialog are much crisper and give the audience the sense they are sitting  right there next to Tom Hanks and Kevin Bacon.  DTS does a much better job  with the surround channels as well.  What moves around the rear with AC-3  Dolby Digital, REALLY moves around the room with DTS.  Transitions are  smoother and the sound &quot;flows&quot; around you.  The one problem?  The  cheapest DTS decoder (needed to watch DTS DVD's) is a Technics for 300  bucks.  I say that the DTS decoder and the DTS movies by Amazon are well  worth the money for even the small home theater guru.
0790735431|5.0|Take Top Gun, Iron Eagle, and any other aviation movie out there and none compare to the true-life story encompassed in Memphis Belle.  Based on a true story, this movie focuses on a bomber crew which flies the famous and  now vintage Boeing B-17 Stratofortress.  After flying 24 successful  missions, only one thing stops them from returning home, mission 25.   During the 25th mission, every skill they have will be tested, their faith  will be practiced, their hope will carry them through.  With a diverse  range of characters, great aerial photography (especially considering the  planes in the movie hardly exist anymore), and a suspenceful, and  heart-filled story, Memphis Belle flies... one of the most underrated  movies of all time.
0790729636|3.0|This is a great movie if you like unrealistic plots.  One minute, a tornado is less than a mile away and the next minute, the sun is shining . . . Dumb.  The visual effects are superbly done (probably Speilberg's  doing) but the audio recording onto DVD is lousy.  The rear channels are  muffled and not much information is sent to them.  The center channel is  also a dissapointment.  We all buy DVD's to get superb audio and sound but  the dialog is completely lost is many scenes and you have to strain to hear  what is being said.  The Left and Right channels drown the center, even if  you move the center channel volume up.  The sound is disapointing, the  visuals are nice, and the story is weak.
B000002U8G|5.0|When you can buy an album for one song, you know that song is obviously the best song ever made and that ever will be made. There are no words to describe the song echoes.  I've heard epic masterpiece and work of art.   These phrases do not even give the song echoes the time of day.  It is  truly the greatest mind capsuring experience of all time.  I do not know  how p.floyd came up with this tune, but I do know that the beatles or  zeppelin or whoever has never made a statement such as this.  One of these  days and fearless just set you up for the song that you know is coming.  Even though it is over 20 minutes long, that is not long enough for me.   And with that statement, I challenge non-floyd fans to buy it.  Some of you  will disagree openly just to sound like you don't have to be bothered with  psychadelical music, but inside I know you will admit to yourselves that  you just heard the greatest collaberation of all time.
B000006NPY|2.0|I have all of SP albums and they all rock! After 5 months of listening to Adore I still do not like it. I can't believe Billy released something like this. The music is slow boring and repetitive.
0385493800|1.0|This could have been written by anyone, about anyone.  It didn't need to be written by Grisham, and didn't need to be about a lawyer.  If he has discovered religion and environmentalism, fine.  Give a magazine interview  and be done with it.  This book made me feel like I was reading a  grade-school &quot;What I did on my summer vacation&quot; essay.<br />The  reason his previous books were popular was because he illustrated the inner  workings of law-making and justice that most of us don't have access to.   Television shows like Law&amp;Order, Murder One, and The Practice are  further evidence of this trend.  To a lesser extent, quirky shows like Ally  McBeal and Picket Fences also served this purpose.  On top of everything  else, when the stories may not have been as compelling as they could have  been, the characters were.  Up to this point, Mr. Grisham's books followed  this same path.<br />This book however, contained none of those elements.  Mr.  Grisham should either get back to basics, or make a clean break and not  pretend to be writing about the law or lawyers.
0553213105|5.0|I had to read this book for English class not too long ago as an independant reading...AND I LOVED IT!  I was struck by the clear, realistic writing and I finished it in two days.  I hated having to put it down every  few chapters to write in my journal about it.  This book has a great  message in it--for a clue, look at the title.  P&amp;P is all that it's  said to be...a classic novel with a heart-warming lesson within it's pages.  The romance between Eliza and Darcy is thrilling.  The characters of  Eliza's parents are hilarious.  I loved the style of the writing-not  flowery or rambling.  The story line could take place anywhere and to  anyone.  You just can't put this book down, and if you have to, your hands  burn to pick it up again.  JUST READ THE BOOK, THEN YOU'LL KNOW WHAT I'M  GOING ON AND ON ABOUT!!! :)
B000000OQF|5.0|Musical brutality at its best. Next to AC/DC's Back In Black as a Rock classic. I still get chills from the opening chords of &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot;.
B000001FTH|5.0|Grace Jones has been a formidable force in underground music since the 1970's, and her greatest hits from the 70's and 80's are presented in a fantastic collection.  From the calm of &quot;La Vie En Rose&quot; to the  much-sampled &quot;My Jamaican Guy&quot;--LL Cool J stole...I mean,  BORROWED it for his hit &quot;Doin' It&quot; to the gay anthem &quot;I Need  A Man&quot;, this is the sublime Grace Jones at her best.  Also check out  &quot;Private Life:  The Compas Point Session&quot; for more remixes and  hard-to-find tracks. I'll say &quot;Grace,&quot; and &quot;Grace, Thank  You.&quot;
B000002BFZ|4.0|&quot;No Code&quot; is my least favorite PJ album, but then again, this is Pearl Jam and all of their albums are great.  I strongly agree with the listener who said this was like &quot;Led Zeppelin III&quot;.  This album  has two great aspects about it, that it wasn't main-stream, and that there  are a variety of songs on it.  Hard hitting rock blowouts like &quot;Lukin  and Hail, Hail&quot; to softer songs such as &quot;Off He Goes&quot; which  is one of the best PJ songs.  I think &quot;No Code&quot; definitely was  underated by the masses, but true music lovers could see the briliance put  into this record.  Even the package design is great.  So, if you've heard  bad things about this album, give it a chance and see what you think.  I'm  sure you'll love it.  Like I said before, you can't go worng with a Pearl  Jam record.
B00000F1D3|5.0|You gotta BELIEVE in this album because it is CHers most fun listening album in years!! Its no masterpiece... and that is good... is a very listenable and danceable album.  You can tell Cher had fun in making this  album... it show in her voice and attitude towards the song she sings. Best  Songs Are.. Believe, Strong Enough.&amp; La Dove.
0792838084|4.0|This is a disturbing movie. Do not even attempt to RENT this film if you can't deal with the most disturbing absurdities and evil people you have ever seen on film. Dennis Hopper creates a villain of unparalleled sadism -  unparalleled except by Dean Stockwell, a man whom Hopper looks up to and  who lip syncs to Roy Orbison's &quot;Candy Colored Clown.&quot; Even the  Isabella Rossellini is a disturbing portrait. Good grief! Even the  &quot;normal&quot; folks are disturbing!!! Oh, by the way, I like this film  a lot. &lt;g&gt;
0375707972|4.0|This is an interesting book with elegant but concise prose.  The plot could be disturbing to some readers yet I found the both the narrator and his subject fascinating.  This book is highly believable and well worth the  read.
6304806426|5.0|Abiguity is the greatest strength of the film.  For the same reason that some reviewers here gave this movie only one star is why I give it five stars.  Yes, Katherine's husband was a good man who got the shaft, but hey,  that's what life is really like.  If you want to see the standard  sacharrine Hollywood movie where characters are clearly delineated  according to good and bad characters, then more power to you.  This movie  is not easy to watch in the sense that it gives one conflicting emotions  about the characters and their actions.  What a pleasure for a change to  see a movie where the characters are morally ambigious like the way people  really are.  It's very rare that a movie like this comes along;that is  unpredictable from beginning to end.  Sure, it differs from the book, which  was also great, but the movie was great in its own right.  Forget the  naysayers and buy one of the best movies ever put to celluloid, unless you  like predictable fluff and like to turn off your brain when you watch a  movie... then go rent an &quot;Ernest&quot; movie.
B000003S5H|5.0|This album touches you in places that are difficult to reach otherwise.  You can get lossed in its euphoric and motley melody.  This album creates a passionate blanket which encases you and wisks you away to a land of  utopia.
B000006ZAE|5.0|If you're a big Beasties fan, definitely pick up the import version of Ill Communication. It adds a French intro to track 3; the extra tracks (nobody ever seems to tell you about them in these reviews) are:<br />Dope Little  Song, with Mike and Adrock goofing around;<br />Resolution Time, an MCA solo  joint with a similar vibe as his others - always a good thing;<br />Mullet  Head, which is definitely my favorite Beasties punk-ish song. Yauch is  great on that bass.<br />Last but not least, The Vibes is a 3-man distortion  rap that works well. And so does the album. Definitely worthwhile.
0812550706|5.0|Since grade 8 I have read this book over and over (17 times in 7 years).  It literally changed my life. I guarantee that on another rainy day I will read it again.  This is the one that you can't pass up.
0792151712|5.0|I will be the first to say this movie isnt the best ever, but one of the worst ever?? That is a fairly inaccurate statement. The acting of the minor characters is what gave this movie its' authenticity and, obviously, the  meticulous job by Cameron to recreate every nuance of the time. At the  heart is Rose and Jack, their relationship, which is very moving by the  end. Actually, I would give this 4 and 1/2 stars, but gave it five because  of the lame one and two stars many people gave it. Those people need to  grow up, too. After all, people back then had sex and affairs. Accept it  and enjoy the movie.
0800128052|5.0|This movie is THE BEST MOVIE I've ever seen in my whole life. It's so powerful and moving and I can't stop crying everytime I see this movie. Script and acting are perfect and it really encourages me and tells me  about importance of having dream. This is much worth than lectures or books  I learn from university. This will be the bibble for people who struggle to  achieve their dream. I recommend this movie to all of you. This will be a  wonderful gift to others or to yourself. I absolutely love this movie!! Go  Rudy!!
0767811046|5.0|This was one of the best sci-fi movie I have ever seen. It had great special effects and a good story. My favorite part was when one of the troopers got slashed in half by one of the bugs. One question I would like  answered is how many computers they had to make this movie. I recomend this  to blood and guts viewers.
0679428887|5.0|This book was a wonderful thriller and it grabs hold and doesn't let go! I finished it yesterday and I am still having it run through my mind. The &quot;gripping&quot; effect reminds me of The Charm School of Nelson  DeMille. Sure it is fiction but the author definitely had the flavor of  Russia --- it was right on!
6305169187|3.0|The final hour of this film is filled with more over-the-top action, suspense and impending disaster than any other film in history, and this alone is worth the price of admission, but...it's also ridiculously  unrealistic. Try these on for size: 1) An astronaut's face shield is  shattered in space and some 10 seconds later he decides to let out an  audible scream in the vacuum of space! I guess his head didn't explode  either! 2) Space shuttles swiftly dodging chunks of asteroid with the  agility of X-wing fighters. 3) A mining vehicle pulls an Evl Knievel-style  jump over an asteroid canyon, landing safely after being put into orbit for  a bit. There are plenty of other groaners. The blatant flag-waving  patriotism and balls-to-the-wall machoism is laughable. Aerosmith music  gets plenty of screen time (surprise!), and at times you think you're  watching a music video. The scenes toward the end depicting various  countries of the world looks so much like some telecommunication commercial  it's disgusting. And the hyperkinetic edits during the action sequences are  truly a statement on how low Hollywood is willing to stoop to entertain the  ferret-on-a-double-espresso (thank you Dennis Miller!) attention spans of  the younger generations. Oh yeah, the movie has its humorous moments (Steve  Buscemi helps out immensely), but the &quot;tragic&quot; sequences had me  weeping crocodile tears.
B000002MNR|2.0|I like the guy a lot, but this cd is obviously made to satisfy some contract.  There are only a few cuts where Knopfler's guitar is obvious. Nothing is offensive, but the music is best for an occasion when you don't  want it noticed.
0788811355|2.0|Quite inadvertently, this film depicts the roots of the struggle between those bipeds who think with their spinal cords and those who think with their gastrointestinal nervous systems. Kip is a belly-thinking product of  Eastern philosophy while the Hungarian count is dominated by the European  impulse to think linearly up and down the spinal column. Had this movie  been made forty-nine years ago by Douglas Sirk, with Robert Stack as the  English patient, Greer Garson as the adulterous hussy in the desert, Leslie  Caron as the French Canadian nurse, Sabu as Kip, and Dan Duryea as  Caravaggio, it would molder forgotten on the video store shelves, but the  desire for those who still think with their spines yet assume they have  achieved belly-wisdom to have an opportunity to display their taste and  sensitivity to their dates have made this pretentious farrago a modern  classic.
B000002KLZ|2.0|This album, recorded during Fleetwood Mac's 1979-1980 &quot;Tusk&quot; tour is disappointing. The vocals sound weak and mushy throughout. This CD documents a band that was tired and coked-out and is not even close to the  excellent album &quot;The Dance.&quot; While it's nice to have a live  version of &quot;Rhiannon&quot; the way Stevie Nicks performed it in the  1970's, there is little else to recommend this CD. &quot;Sara&quot; is a  disappointment and you can barely hear &quot;Landslide.&quot; At the other  end, Lindsey Buckingham screams &quot;Not That Funny&quot; for nearly ten  minutes  and &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; sounds like a demo. Christine  McVie is obviously indifferent in her songs.
B00000DBXL|5.0|all of the songs on this cd are awesome especially NEVER THER
B000002C4J|1.0|I never expect much from a Celine Dion CD, but can someone explain to me why 'My Heart Will Go On' is so popular? The melody is mind-numbingly repetitive, matched by familiar, insipid lyrics. And as usual Ms. Dion is  too eager to show off her powerful voice. I don't understand why some  people would find her music soothing. An assault on the ear drums is more  like it. I thought 'I will Always Love You' was loud and laborious before I  heard Celine Dion.
B000003S5H|1.0|I became really excited while reading all the glowing reviews of this CD, and immediately I went out and purchased it. Being a musician and a composer, I'm always looking for new ideas and inspiration. I must say that  I simply do not understand how anyone could think this is good music.  Fortunately, the manager of the store where I bought it gave in to my  persistent nagging and let me exchange it for something else (I got  something by the Orb and was very relieved, even after hearing only the  first few bars of that one). If your standard for what's excellent and  relevant in music is high, then don't be fooled by all these 5 star  reviews. On the other hand, if pure cheese is your thing, then go for it!
B00000ADG2|5.0|When I first heard this cd, I couldn't believe how wonderful it was.  There is such a different mix of music types.  The songs are so meaningful and full of energy, that you can't help but be moved by each and every  song.  This CD is for anybody and everybody, from young to old.
6305169187|5.0|I study english with american movies. I enjoyed 'ARMAGEDDON' very much. I have never seen such a interest story. And, BEN AFFLECK, he is so sweet! I will give 5-stars to all of 'ARMAGEDDON' staff.
0440213525|5.0|I'm only a 7th grader and I read this book and it was the best book I ever read and I have probibly read over 300 books.
6305265488|5.0|Great flick.  Definitely one for the video library
B00000583F|4.0|This album is great for the doom metal fan. I luckily heard about them by word of mout, definately look for this album and snag it if you find it!
1567184855|5.0|I felt &quot;flashbacks,&quot; if you will, as I read this book, especially the discussion about soul groups and the schooling-type activities that go on in the spirit world.  It's good that this account  includes multiple case studies of those who have been regressed beyond  their past lives into this other realm -- and that their answers were  strikingly similar. The concept of soul development levels helps to explain  a great deal about human behavior throughout the ages.  The spirit world's  strong sense of kinship, love, and understanding stuck with me long after  reading Journey of Souls. How wonderful if these concepts could be shared  universally; perhaps human beings might cease to cause each other so much  physical harm?  Alas, part of the order of the Universe seems to point out  that this will never be possible on Earth.  That gives those of us who want  to contribute positively to the world something to strive for.  It also  offers a sense of hope, that life, &quot;Here&quot; and &quot;There,&quot;  is an ongoing series of lessons, and that there is always a higher level of  being to reach.
6305232660|3.0|As its been said 53 times before me, Deep Impact is more realistic than the idiotic, misogynistic Armageddon.  It also manages to be disturbing, not ridiculous, in its depiction of disaster.  So why wasn't one of the  more pleasant surprises of 1998 given a better treatment on DVD? No extras  to speak of, except a blah trailer.  Production notes, or some sort of  commentary would've been welcome.  The widescreen is nice, however.  Oh  yeah, how come those astronauts caught in space dont grow beards or long  hair after a year?  A huge error in a pretty good movie.
0385424736|2.0|The case was too easy.  Where's the thrill in that???  They made a movie out of this???  Hopefully the movie is better and not as much a waste of time as I spent reading this book.
B0000047EC|5.0|I was browsing through jazz CD's one day and bought this one on impulse, feeling that with the talents of the performers involved, it had to be worth adding to my collection. After enjoying it now for a couple of  months, I would do bodily harm to anyone trying to remove it from my  library!  To me, this is &quot;music&quot; that transcends being  categorized as jazz, or anything else. It's more like listening in on a  private conversation between two very close friends.  The emotions and  mental images conjured up in my mind while listening to this music make me  feel that &quot;labels&quot; just do not fit this extraordinary offering of  two long-established major talents.         Scotty Hood
B000002UJQ|5.0|I fall asleep every night listening to this cd. The words are so amazingly beautiful,they provoke so much feeling in ones soul if they really listen to the words. I don't know one person who doesn't like this music...and I  would be amazed to find some one who doesn't. Radiohead did a great thing  when they put out this album...I'm sooooo gald they did, I wouldn't get to  sleep at night if they hadn't.
B000000W5F|4.0|I first bought this on LP and although side 1 is a mixed bag (who on earth decided that &quot;Neighbours&quot; was worth including??) it was really the 5 quiet songs on side two which make me rate this album highly.  &quot;Worried About You&quot; in particular is a beautiful track. <br />This  unbroken succession of tracks is unique in the Stones catalogue and every  one of them is better than the crappy ballads they dropped into their  albums through the 80s and 90's.<br />It's interesting that like quite a  number of the albums I first owned on LP this doesn't work as well on CD  because of the distinct change in tone after the first 6 songs. Depending  on my mood I would either play side 1 or side 2 but not both. Yes, my CD  player does have a &quot;track forward&quot; button but it's not quite the  same ...
0783228317|1.0|I'm sorry if I'm upsetting people by saying this but this movie was terrible.  Besides the fact it had no plot, no direction, and didn't explain the whole monster outfit thing it just didn't make any sense.   Although I'm sure that was the point the director should have had at least  a little more consideration to his audience with  alot of things.  So for  all those reasons I say this movie SUCKED.
B000001E7L|5.0|this cd is SOOO great! I absolutely love the cranberries. dolores has a great voice and I love the harmonies, thought their not as good as in their first cd. I especially love the songs &quot;everything I said&quot;, &quot;disappointment&quot;, &quot;zombie&quot;, &quot;the icicle melts&quot; &quot;dreaming my dreams&quot;, &quot;ode to my family&quot;, and &quot;daffodils lament.&quot; the lyrics are excellent, very thought provoking. i definately recommend this cd to anyone that even slightly is interested in the cranberries. :-)
6305313687|5.0|IF YOU HAVENT SEEN THIS FILM IT ISONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL AND DISTURBING FILMS I HAVE SEEN IN YEARS.EDWARD NORTON IS ONE OF THE BEST YOUNG ACTORS AROUND TODAY BY FAR. IF YOU ENJOYED HIM IN PRIMALFEAR, YOU'LL LOVE HIM IN  THIS. HE ISMORE THAN DESERVING OF THE ACADEMYAWARD THIS YEAR. THE MOVIE  STAYS WITH YOU FOR DAYS AFTER. I HAVEN'T SEEN THE DVD AS OF YET, BUT WILL  BEADDING IT TO MY COLLECTION.
B000002L9O|5.0|A catchy, crunchy, balls-out album--from Joey's wino snarl on the blistering opener &quot;Somebody Put Something in My Drink&quot; to Dee Dee's angry paean to Sid 'n' Nancy &quot;Love Kills&quot; to the heartfelt,  hopeful melodic classic &quot;Something to Believe In&quot; this 1986  effort shows the Ramones in top form. The producer--Jean Beauvoir from the  Plasmatics--got a great sound out of Johnny's guitar, sort of like a trash  compactor crossed with a buzzsaw. Add the withering social critique  &quot;Bonzo Goes to Bitburg&quot; and you've got an overlooked gem from the  greatest pop-punk band of them all!
B000000WF0|4.0|This album is quite possibly one of the best albums to come out in this decade.  I'm sure many agree with me.  It's grand and psychadelic from start to finish.  Beautifully orchestrated, hypnotic vocals, and walls of  guitar sound... Great listening for years to come.
0805054375|5.0|A gripping and disturbing portrayal about a group of young people, led by a cocky and charismatic 'visionary', hell-bent on reshaping society in their own image.  I was drawn in right from the beginning and found myself  empathizing/loathing some of the characters -- a strange combination.  Overall, an excellent read -- even after you finish, it's difficult to put  the story and characters out of your mind.<br />I'm very curious to see what  the director David Fincher does with the movie version -- set to be  released later this year.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|THIS IS A GREAT CD!! If you have ever listened to any of Offsprings songs and like them, then you should get this cd.  The only thing that gave this album a four star rating is that Dexter Holland doesn't seem as in tune or  good as he did on their previous albums, such as Smash.  The guitars, drums  and the other things are the best Ive ever heard Offspring do.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Antichrist Superstar is one of my all time favourite CD's, though I hated it when I first bought it. I listened to it about 4 times trying to find a single good thing about the cd, and found nothing. A few days later though,  I was walking down the hallway at school and saw some of our local  &quot;super-christians&quot; and the line &quot;light a candle for the  sinners, set the world on fire&quot; popped into my head. I want to  clarify, by the way, that I'm not anti-christianity by any means. In fact,  I am a Christian, but a fairly open minded one. The &quot;super  christians&quot; I'm talking about hate non-christians and even members of  other denominations, they'll say so if you ask them. Somehow they ignore  all the scripture about loving your neighbour, but...i shouldn't judge. God  knows their hearts. More and more, i started to see Manson's point of  view...or perhaps I should say, I started to see the character of the  Antichrist Superstar's point of view. I bought Portrait of an American  Family too, another awesome CD i must say, and I feel that they both helped  me to realize my feelings about certain issues. Since I wear dark coloured  clothing a lot, many people label me a &quot;Satanist&quot; when in truth  I'm the farthest thing from it. Marilyn Manson has really helped me deal  with my feelings of betrayal by the Christian community, I feel a kinship  with certain &quot;Mansonites&quot; that I never feel with my  &quot;Christian brothers and sisters.&quot; Even though I disagree with a  lot of the things that Manson has to say, I support his right to say it,  and I feel that I'm all the better having heard it. If nothing else,  listening to this cd is an exercise in tolerance and understanding...
1556154844|1.0|All book taught me are too numerous to mention.  However, one thing stands out.  I can now look at anyone's code and immediately find at least one thing wrong with it no matter how much more experienced or talented they  are than me.  It helped me develope a style that is effective and  respected.  I can always easily argue my reasons for coding things the way  I do.
0790729989|4.0|Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt are detectives chasing a serial killer. This dark, gruesome thriller is a must see. Great performances are given by all. Kevin Spacy and Gwenneth Paltrow are also in the movie.<br />My only gripe is  that the DVD is 2 sided, requiring you to flip the disc halfway through the  movie. I really don't know why they did it this way. Overall, I recommend  it.
B000002UAU|5.0|For those who here have &quot;reviewed&quot; this masterpiece of modern music, and found it too trippy, retro, or whatever, you are sorely mistaken. In fact, it is in my view impossible for someone not around in  the late '60s to have any appreciation at all for what this album did to  popular music---it turned it on its head and changed everything. This album  simply cannot be judged from today's perspective--so much of what has  transpired since the release of this record was born of it. SPLHCB is the  single most influential piece of modern music period--with all due respect  to Mr. Dylan.
0380977281|2.0|Stardust is one of the most remarkable books I have ever read. But this edition is sadly lacking because somehow, another publisher purchased the text only from Time Warner without the Vess illustrations. If you read this  edition you will sadly miss much of the beauty of this book. By the way,  this book was originally published as a comic book by Vess and Gaiman.  Don't let this text only version fool you. You'll miss out on the beauty of  Gaiman's prose as seen through the eyes of Charles Vess.
0451163516|4.0|This incredible story has many parallelisms with Follett's &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot; novel.  Instead of WWII this story takes place in the pre WWI era.  England and Russia are in desperate need for a treaty in  preparation of Germany's attack.  A well known Russian anarchists has been  sent to England to assassinate the negotiating Russian Prince hence  destroying any faith between the two countries and to fulfill his quest of  war against the Russian oppressed.  &quot;The Man from St. Petersburg&quot;  is more than a book filled with suspense, lust and lies-Follett makes the  reader experience the hardships of Russian socialism and the glamour and  prestige of the English monarchy.  What is so interesting was at face value  the two seem very distant, only to find out they share the same pain and  turmoil.  The author captures the reader with several twists of fate within  the personal pasts of the anarchist's lover and now wife of a British Earl.   The story leaves this reader full of questions about the hypocracy of  British monarchy.  It fully explains why distorting the truth to preserve  one's pride of class and reputation can have devastating repercussions.  This is a good read, a typical Follett masterpiece, regardless of its  mirror image of &quot;The Needle&quot;, &quot;The Man From St.  Petersburg&quot; truely has its own identity.
6302969352|5.0|The American reluctance to watch movies with subtitles has not stopped this film from being one of the most influential ever made. It is spellbinding from beginning to end; those foreign-phobic should be  persuaded with extreme prejudice -- by gunpoint, if necessary.
1573220485|5.0|Often when I read a best-seller, the stories don't stay with me for very long. Even if it's a good book, sometimes it just fades away after a while. However, I have a feeling that &quot;The Beach&quot; is going to stick with  me for a long time. Comparisons to &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; and  &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; are going to be inevitable, but Garland's  style, and unique vision make it a remarkable novel. &quot;Lord&quot; and  &quot;Heart&quot; are classic stories, but by putting someone from the  so-called &quot;MTV generation&quot; into a utopian society, &quot;The  Beach&quot; managed to strike a nerve in me that those other novels failed  to reach. I'm sure many older critics and readers may find it easy to  dismiss this novel due to it's Gen X themes. But if you take the time to  put that bias aside, chances are you'll see that &quot;The Beach&quot; is  an accomplished piece of work (especially by a first time novelist). The  movie version is on the way and I'm a little apprehensive about it. After  all, Leonardo Dicaprio hasn't exactly done justice to classic stories  (&quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot;, &quot;The Man In The Iron Mask&quot;  anyone?). Hopefully director Danny Boyle will be able to do something  special with it. If Boyle can make the movie even half as good as the book,  then it will be worth seeing.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is absolutely amazing.  While containing a few songs that MTV, VH1 and mainstream radio have latched onto (such as Paranoid Android and Karma Police), this CD is so much more than a few hit singles.  It demands  repeated listenings to fully appreciate its impact and importance.  As a  fan of many types of music, I firmly belive that anyone can appreciate this  album's genius.
B000005ALN|4.0|Older definitely provides a sharp contrast from George Michael's early days with Wham!. But he remains consistent in producing excellent lyrics about life experiences.  In addition, Older is more mature as well, which  should be expected with a title like Older. With the exception of Fastlove  the songs are all slow and soothing. The first hit off the album Fastlove  is an excellent song as well. In my opinion the album, Older, has to take a  back seat to Faith and Listen Without Prejudice Vol.I but it is still a  smart choice for any George Michael fan.
B000005RZ4|4.0|Curiosity has the jazzy 80's sound of British pop.  Lots of horns.  Think of Breathe, Go West, or Style Council.  &quot;Down to Earth&quot; is one of my favorite singles.  This is a great best of.  18 songs!  Other singles  include &quot;Ordinary Day&quot;, &quot;Misfit&quot;, &quot;Name and  Number&quot;, and &quot;Free.&quot;
B00000AFFF|5.0|I really enjoy the sound that Elvis &amp; Burt has put together.  They are a wonderful team. This is music you can kick back and have a martini to.
0385493800|5.0|This is coming from a major Grisham fan.  I have read and own all of  Grishams works in hardback.  I was extremely intrigued by this book.  It is  totally different than his past works. I enjoyed traveling in Brazil with  Nate O'Reilly and enduring Nate's problem with alcohol.  But that is what I love about a good book is the twists it takes you  through till the end.  I always look forward to another Grisham book and  can't wait until his next one!!!
B000002N3N|5.0|The first time I heard of Enya was on a pop radio station.  Since then I made sure I got my hands on most of her works and The Memory of Trees is the definitive Enya. The combination of Gealic and English songs makes  listening a one of a kind experience.  This title will re-energize you  while soothing your frazzled nerves every time.  Don't miss it.
6305265488|5.0|I saw this movie with four teenage boys who were totally engaged by the action, the intrigue, and the humor.  Now they are all searching for a girl like Danielle who can appreciate them as equals.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Reading over the customer reviews posted on Amazon, I've noticed something: people either seem to love this CD (5 stars) or hate it completely (1 star)...  Anyway, I thought I would add my own thoughts for  anyone who cares.  Prior to her song from the &quot;City Of Angels&quot;  movie, I hated Alanis.  I thought she was a pretentious fake marketing  &quot;angry&quot; to a mass public that didn't seem keen enough to pick up  something like Hole's &quot;Live Through This&quot; (a complete classic, by  the way!).  She was selling out everything that made rockers like Courtney  Love great!  However, having heard and completely fallen in love with  &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie,&quot; I have had a change of  heart.  This CD is so great!  For anyone who is looking for more of the  &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; stuff she was pushing before, you won't  really find it here.  There are only a few catchy radio-friendly tunes like  &quot;Thank U.&quot;  This CD is not as commercial or accessible as  &quot;JLP&quot; was, which I feel Alanis probably intended.  In  &quot;One,&quot; she sings: &quot;I am the biggest hypocrite/I have been  loud and pretentious/I've gotten candy for my self-interest/The sexy  treadmill capitalist.&quot;  Don't get it if you just want to hear  &quot;You Oughtta Know&quot; over again.  That Alanis isn't here anymore,  and it's quite evident how much she has grown up as a person and as an  artist in this collection of songs.This whole CD is genius to me!  Her  lyrics are like poetry, they're like rapid alcoholic conversations!  I  can't remember the last CD in which I was so engrossed with the lyrics.   Yes, the songs are wordy... they're stories!  But she also leaves them open  enough for the listener to bring his/her own &lt;stuff&gt; to them.  These  are the unconnected and inexpressable thoughts all of us have, and Alanis  has contained them remarkably in her songs.  Check out &quot;Front  Row,&quot; &quot;Unsent,&quot; &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; and especially  &quot;The Couch&quot; to see what I mean.  I recommend reading the enclosed  lyric book when you're listening to grasp what she is saying.  Also, I  really enjoy the non-traditional construction in these songs... this isn't  the typical verse/chorus/verse/chorus stuff.  This really is art.   Additionally, this CD is a unit - it isn't a string of pop singles...  She  seems to be on a mission.  It's one of those CDs you have to sit and pay  attention to if you want to &quot;get&quot; it.I have to commend Alanis for  really blossoming.  &quot;Ironic,&quot; as Alanis might say, I found the  new Hole CD (&quot;Celebrity Skin&quot;) to be a bit vapid and too  commercial, Courtney Love was just trying a bit too hard this time around.   Meanwhile, Alanis is making music from her spirit and her guts.  I think  anyone who doesn't grasp this CD isn't giving it a fair chance or going at  it with an open mind.  It really is a different Alanis, but so what, it's a  better Alanis.  She's growing up on this CD, just like the rest of us.
B00000DLVA|3.0|I'm a Cardigans fan since 1995, since the day I heard &quot;Sick and tired&quot; on the radio and I couldn't believe how good it felt to hear this song. Their new album was quite a surprise. I loved &quot;My favourite  game&quot; and &quot;Junk of the hearts&quot; (a rewriting of their own  instrumental &quot;Laika&quot; from 1994) from the start, but I really  wasn't enthusiastic about any other song at my first hearings, mainly  because of that cold electronic sound and the fact that the melodies didn't  seem as strong as on the other albums. But my opinion evolved : I finally  like most of the songs on the album (especially &quot;Paralyzed&quot;),  except &quot;Higher&quot; with these horrible background vocals which seem  to come from a Mariah Carey/Celine Dion (etc.) record, and &quot;Marvel  Hill&quot; which I find boring. Sure, it's nothing like  &quot;Lovefool&quot;. I like &quot;Lovefool&quot; but the problem is that  it gave a wrong image of the band, so now with &quot;Gran Turismo&quot; the  image will change ! I can't say I like this album as much as the others,  but I think their evolution is a good thing, they don't repeat themselves.  I happen to be a Beatles fan, and that's one of the numerous reasons I love  them : they never did the same thing twice, always evolving. So even if I'm  only half-convinced by the Cardies' evolution, I say good luck to them,  keep doing great music.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I picked up this album from the shop and was a bit skeptical of it.  I had her previous CD, and although I wouldn't rave about it, I often found myself humming the words to the songs.  Besides, being an &quot;ex  Canadian&quot; and seeing it here in New Zealand forced the purchase.  I  figured I'd give it a go and was immediately drawn to it.  <br />The songs  were such a change from her previous work. Although they still had the  angst-ridden lyrics, it was musically different.  I think Alanis spread her  talent on both the music, and her lyrics on this album as opposed to just  the lyrics on JLP.<br />I managed to see her here on a tour to promote the CD  in Auckland and it rocked.  I think Alanis has done a great job of  capturing her feelings in her music and her performances.  I look forward  to the next album.
B000002UAU|5.0|I won't do a deep analysis of Sgt. Pepper here. But whatever some might say, in the next centuries people will still be talking about this album, and there must be a reason, don't you think, folks ? A good one (but not  the only one!) is that it contains 20th century's greatest piece of  &quot;popular&quot; music, &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;. I do mean it.  Nobody else had done something like this and nobody else ever will.
0385493800|3.0|I've been a Grisham fan since the beginning.  This one is good, but not his best. I had trouble getting behind any one character.  Story line lacked suspense and the ending was definitely a disappoint. Try again John!
B00000ADG2|5.0|I never liked rap or hip-hop music until I heard this album.  It blends rap and pop into a spectacular album.  She deserves every bit of attention she gets!! GO LAURYN!!
B000002JOH|5.0|This is my favorite album of ALL time.  I listen to a LOT of metal and nothing comes close to the power and intensity that this album exudes. From head thrashing pure power and anger ( F***ing Hostile) to despairing and  darkly beautifull ballads ( this love) this album has absolutley  everything. If you love metal ( or even kinda like it) YOU MUST BUY THIS  ALBUM, I can't say enough it is just that damn good. Trust me.
1558908455|5.0|Seth and Richard Gecko (George Clooney and Quentin Tarantino) are two &quot;...mean motor scooters...&quot; on their way across the mexican border with a motor home and hostages (Harvey Keitel and Julliette Lewis).  Their rendevou is at a bar called the &quot;Titty Twister&quot; which is  appropiately open from Dusk 'tll Dawn. &quot;One night is all that stands  between them and freedom, but it's going to be one Hell of a night&quot;.  Another masterpiece by Director Robert Rodriguez (Desperado, El Mariachi,  Four Rooms and the new release, The Faculty), his use of the camera is so  unique showing the audience a different point of view. George Clooney plays  a cool (very cool) runaway thief, his portrait of the character is done to  perfection, I would like to see George in other roles like this. Tarantino  plays his psycho brother who doesn't know the difference between real life  and make believe. Keitel plays a faithless preacher along with Lewis. I own  this film and I watch it atleast 2 or 3 times a month. The fantastic camera  work, twisted plot, unique dialogue (e.g. The scene when George is giving  the 3 rules to a hostage) makes this one of my favourite films.
B0000041TD|5.0|This is just great! I can't imagine a better &quot;Boheme&quot;. Karajan gives real life to this opera, as if it was on the stage, not on a CD. Pavarotti's voice is at its best, and Mirella Freni is the Mim everybody  would fall in love with. Panerai, Ghiaurov and Maffeo give funny but  thoughtful performance, and Harwood's Musetta just makes you wish you were  Marcello!
B000001ESP|5.0|This was a life-changing record(an actual record when I boughtit back in 1981) for me.  I had been torn between learning to play theguitar or drums.  Well I am happy to say that this record made up my mind for me!  I decided to play drums!  I first heard and saw these songs being performed on my tv by the band.  There were videos shot of them actually in the studio recording &quot;Limelight, Vital Signs and Red Barchetta&quot;.    I could not believe my ears and eyes.  What an incredible drummer he is, I thought to myself.  It was the next day that I told my mom that I wanted a drumset and the record &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;.  My personal favorite tracks off this album are: &quot;Limelight and Camera Eye&quot;, but in actuality they are all well crafted and beautiful songs which will inspire and move you.  Perhaps you are like me and are like I was 18 years ago deciding which instrument to play. Well after listening to this album I am sure you will decide, because whether you want to play bass, drums or guitar, these are three of the best musicians in the world to learn from and also some of the best teachers through their music.
0385484518|5.0|This is the best book that I have ever read. The way that Moore shows no pity to him self since he is dying and always focuses on other people and influsing them in what is death like and how to face it. I would recommend  this book for everyone ages 13-210 this was on GREAT BOOK THAT YOU DON'T  WANT TO MISS OUT READING!
0800141709|5.0|In my opinion, this is the 2nd greatest film of all time(behind &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;). Countless memorable moments make this DVD well worth watching. Favorite Quote: Mr. President, we must not allow a mine  shaft gap!
080013799X|5.0|This is, in my opinion, one of the funniest films ever made. People complain about this film as being too tedious, too bloody, and in bad taste. Well they're not me, and I say watch this film non stop for 2 days  for an unequalled rush.
0375707972|5.0|This book opened up some very interesting questions for me concerning German war guilt, which, as in immediate post-war period of &quot;The Reader,&quot; is also very much a part of modern Germany.  How does one  come to terms with the mistakes of one's forefathers?  And how does one  begin to speak about the unspeakable?  Though it doesn't specifically  answer these questions, the book provides an insight into the attitudes of  a generation which didn't experience WWII directly, but was nonetheless  greatly affected by its legacy.  Not surprisingly, this is also Schlink's  own generation. Though I read the book in its original German (Der  Vorleser), and am consequently unsure as to the effectiveness of the  translation, the book was written in a direct style which seemed  appropriate to the issues it addressed.  I found &quot;The Reader&quot;  entertaining, clear, and most of all incredibly interesting in the issues  it addresses. Highly recommended.
6305265488|5.0|Ever after is a great movie. It is not as made up and you can understand it. This is the best movie! Buy it or rent it either way you'll never forget it.
B000002HMH|4.0|Let me tell something to all of those so called whining die hard Metallica fans out there that hated this album because they &quot;sold out&quot;. Metallica has always meant powerful, moving music, and lyrics. They are in  the top running bands of all time, along with Zeppelin, Queen, and Floyd.  Guess what you guys? All those bands changed their music during their  careers. I've never seen such a case of pussification and whining because  it's not hard enough, it's not loud enough. Ya know why!!! Because they  didn't want it to be. It is their music. It is their choice. I love  Metallica very much. They are the only artist or band from the eighties to  make it in my top ten of all time. Who wants ten albums of Master of  Puppets? Not I. That is what is so good about Metallica. They know what to  play. It is only the closed minded people out there who don't appreciate  Metallica for who they are. They are not head banging devil deviants. They  are musicians, and even more important. They are human. Give them a break.
6302054230|5.0|When I first saw this film in theaters, I noticed that about halfway through it, the elderly folks in the audience started walking out of the theater. But I went to go see it 3 more times after that. So my suggestion  to you is to watch this film any way you can (and since it's currently not  available on video, I suggest you scour your local video store for a copy).
B000002C1X|5.0|Depending on your take on this epic masterpiece, you can either walk away from it with a positive attitude, or, never be the same again. It is a constant reminder of just how far the human mind will go before it cracks.  This is without a doubt the bravest, most raw, in your face, statement ever (possible exception of Plastic Ono Band). This is  Roger's lyrical masterpiece and in my opinion is often imitated, but never  equaled. The album contrary to popular belief, is not hard to follow, and  will keep you on edge until the final note. Warning: This album is  incredibly opinionated and depressing. You will hear things that may make  you cringe. Racisism, rape, drugs, extreme violence, and fascism are  abundant. It is of course, part fiction, part Non-fiction, but the real  scare of the album is trying to decipher which is true and what is made up.  Everyone in their own little way has experienced their own personal Wall.  Remember your inside hate and anger and fear. That is what is openly  expressed here. Sheer brilliance!!!!
6301976983|5.0|There aren't many films of this quality.  The seamless and terse direction of John Huston and Bogart's seedy, wretched Fred C. Dobbs make a whallop on the screen that rivets the viewer from opening credits to the bizarre  twist-of-fate ending.  There is nothing contrived in this outstanding tale  of greed and envy.  Though Bogart's Dobbs is plenty facinating, Walter  Huston's Howard is equally compelling.  The oft-cut scene where Howard  revives an Indian boy is sheer poetry.  Worth every dime and every minute!
0425152251|5.0|If you read &quot;Sophie's World&quot; and all you &quot;get&quot; from it is the feeling that you've been tricked into reading a philosophy text, it's still worth the 513 page trip. But if you want to turn this trick into  something magical, give a copy of this book to your child or younger  sibling and get ready for hours of invigorating discussion, questions and  an opportunity to gain a respect for each other's intellect that is usually  very hard to find in today's &quot;T.V. Culture.&quot; The lessons taught  in the book come in small easy to digest morsels that launch children and  teens into exploration of a world they might previously used little or,  perhaps, had no idea existed at all, their minds. The ending is an almost  predictable &quot;Deus ex Machina&quot; but the payoff is not the ending of  the book but the beginning of &quot;uncountable&quot; mental  &quot;Philosophical Flights&quot; to come.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Lauren is truly an artist not afraid to put it on the line.  Her music is a real departure from the &quot;comfort zone&quot; of the tasteless lyrics and re-makes of alot of her counterparts.   Her Miseducation speaks to the  soul, the heart and the mind;  she lays down tracks that are soul-filled,  melodic and hard to ignore.  I am not a big fan of a lot of the immature  hip-hop groups around but Lauren and Badu are truly in a class by  themselves.
6304994540|4.0|If you like laid-back humor, this is one of those hidden gems.  It's a film that uses the F-Word every 30 seconds or so, so it's not for everybody.  If you like Jeff Bridges, it's worth viewing the dynamics of  Bridges in action.  Goodmen, also keeps this film alive and kicking as well  as funny........<br />Enjoy
0800177363|5.0|This is an awesome movie.  You have to see it to believe me
6300151379|5.0|Magical, simply magical!!  Henson's best! It has been so long since I've seen it.  Please find the video and bring it back.
B000007OY0|5.0|This film is just great, everything about it, the plot, the actors, how is made, this is an incredible film.  I just got surprised how can the Academy Award honored Forrest Gump instead, this is a film that really makes you  think, it makes you cry, it makes you laugh, and it just makes you feel  great. 5 stars all the way, one of  the best movies ever.
6301016289|5.0|This movie was one reason I pursued a career in investment banking.  It epitomizes the scandalous '80's insider trading scene and the greed that surrounds Wall Street in its quest for fame and fortune.  Love it every  time I see it, even though I know all the words.
B000002JS6|5.0|If you were to move to a desert island with only one album, this is the one to have.
6303014100|5.0|This has got to be the greatest Civil War movie ever made.  I've already seen it four times and have visited Gettysburg three.  If you really want to know what the battle of Gettysburg was like, this is the video to watch.   (Especially if you have home theatre like I do).  Totally awsome!
6303477259|5.0|I repeat the sentiment of an earlier review: This is a no-brainer nominee for DVD. Imagine how cool this would be with the improved sound and picture that only DVD can offer. The video is extremely well produced, and the  performance by David Gilmour and co. (Sorry, Roger, not you), is a  masterpiece. Vintage Floyd.
B00000DGUG|4.0|When my sister got this Cd.  I hated it.  But now, I live it.  I am a fan of JLP and Uninvited.  Cuts such as &quot;Front Row&quot;, &quot;Thank U&quot;, &quot;Are You Still Mad?&quot;, &quot;The Couch&quot;,  &quot;UR&quot;. &quot;One&quot;,  &quot;Unsent&quot;, &quot;So Pure&quot;,  and &quot;Joining You&quot; are really good.  Others such as  &quot;Baba&quot; and &quot;Sympathetic Characeter&quot; are not.  Alanis is  not as angry as she was in JLP in this CD so it is a tad different.
0375707972|4.0|I read The Reader last year on the recommendation of a friend in Germany, where this was the No. 1 best-selling novel for many months. This book helped open up discussions of the Holocaust and the impact it had on  ordinary people in Germany. I found the writing beautiful, at times  breathtaking. I would have to put the book down occasionally because I was  so moved. So, I was disappointed when the climax of the book became clear  to me pages before it actually happened. As this is a short book, that  happens fairly quickly since I think most people will try to read this in  one or two sittings. Also, I'd like to warn people that they may not be  comfortable with the relationship between the older woman and the young  boy. It is justified in the context of the book, but some might object. In  all, this would have been a perfect script for Marlene Dietrich 40 years  ago. Now, I suppose we'll see Meryl Streep do it, and she will be great.
6304546386|5.0|This is a great, fun movie- it has action, romance, comedy and great actors.  I've seen this movie many times and it's always good each time I see it. It's great for the whole family, too.
B000006NPY|4.0|This album has a soft mellow texture to it with nice beats and melody in the background. I like this album. Give it a chance.
B000000OU6|5.0|I was turned on to Guns only a couple years ago, after they were no longer together.  Along with Dream Theater, Extreme, and Steve Vai, they are one of my favorite bands now.  Slash's Snakepit is a killer album, as are the  two Izzy Stradlin records and Duff McKagan's &quot;Believe In Me.&quot;   Slash is one of my favorite guitarist's; his aggressively soulful style is  always inspiring. I like his sense of humor too.  I'm looking forward to  Axl's &quot;Guns N' Roses&quot; record, but I'm probably looking forward to  Slash's record even more.  If they ever all get back together, that would  just be perfect.
0792151712|5.0|for those of you who thought the movie was predictable...HELLO! Of course it was predictable... Gee Mr. Cameron, I don't think the ending will work where the ship sinks. Why dont you rewrite it so everybody lives happily  ever after. Duh! Sure the love story was sappy, but if it made you remotely  aware of the horrible tragedy than the movie worked. I've never heard of a  bad movie winning 11 Academy Awards!
B00000DFRS|5.0|Hi! Guess I'm quite bored with the old Whitney albums. I have all her CDs and this is her most different one. One listen will make you faint coz the music is so un-whitney-like. In fact, this CD grows and grows on you. I  love &quot;If I Told You That&quot;! Grab this!
6305126062|1.0|Why one star? Easy... Sam Neill. If it weren't for him, I think it would have been 1/2 star! Of course, what little part he DID have he did well. The movie was too slow for my taste, but that was only part of the problem.  There really wasn't much in the way of &quot;horse whispering&quot;, and I  felt not enough time was focused on the object of the movie's premise...  the injured girl AND horse. The relationship between Redford's character,  and Ann also brought up some ethical questions. While yes, she did choose  her husband over Redford, the fact remains that she did some things that I  find questionable. She returns and that's that. Perhaps my beliefs got in  the way of a movie that so many find appealing, but even aside from that, I  thought it was terribly slow, and not something I wish to view again. Did I  mention it's good for insomnia?
B00000AFDW|5.0|gene,paul,peter,and ace:don't let anyone ever tell you guys different,you are the hottest band in the world and i am a true believer in kiss!! i always have been and always will be. whatever you four guys or anybody that  plays with kiss, it will be a success,i have every album you have made, and  it is a hard decision to pick a favorite.But if I  were to pick a favorite  it would be between these two:kiss alive and the M-TV reunion  album;Unplugged. keep on rockin on kiss, and do me one favor, rock and roll  all night and party every day.          sincerely,kiss fan for life,              van shackelford
B00000F1D3|4.0|I think that this song is very odd because of the fact of the love that she once shared with the man that is now dead.  they were a wonderful couple and life after love really relates to Cher personally.  It is a  wonderful song.  Keep on singing!!!!!
B00000DFTH|5.0|Great!!! The best Black Sabbath's live cd. &quot;Iron Man&quot; shows how much power has Black Sabbath Reunion.
0385484518|5.0|At first you might think that you are just reading a book about someone who is dying, but you will soon find out that it is more a  book about living live to the fullest.  An insightful book to read for anyone, but  especially someone whose life is touched by a  neuromuscular disease.    This book is easy to read in about 3 hours.  Have a pen or highlighter  handy to mark the many wonderful &quot;Morrie&quot; quotes!
6305262063|5.0|RONIN, despite what other reviews may state, is not just a car chase movie. It's cut from the same mold as THE DOGS OF WAR, i.e. a movie about world-weary soldiers of fortune and the lives they lead. In addition, it  has a great surprise ending and crisp acting from DeNiro, Reno and everone  else. Sure, the car chases are spectacular. But what's overlooked are the  crisp editing, the pacing, and the realistic downbeat tone of the film.  Overall, this is a well-made spy thriller that is much more than a  superficial action flick if one cares to look for it.
0880381736|5.0|This book is GREAT! I am reading Dragons of Winter Night and it is just as good!!! I LOVE THESE BOOKS!!!
6305169187|5.0|Bruce Willis was great.  He was the best actor in the movie I think.  It was just a great movie.
0375707972|4.0|Okay, maybe &quot;nice&quot; is too weak to describe this book, but that's what comes to mind.  I really couldn't feel any impact after finishing this book.  The story was nice, but the only thing is that this one didn't  linger in my thoughts and mind as much as WHERE THE HEART IS or SHE'S COME  UNDONE.
B00000ADG2|1.0|This entire Cd is the worst thing music can be, it's boring
6305265488|5.0|I,m a 40ish Mom with 10year old and 4 year old girls.  We all loved this movie! and all wanted to see it again because it works on so many levels. The 4 year old responded to the familiar  fairy tale and the costumes and  the music.  My 10 year old who is just discovering boys wanted to know if  that was what it was like when her dad and I fellin love.(if only) I highly  recommend this movie for romantics of all ages.  Atrue chick flick.
0385486804|4.0|this book is fufilling if you'eve ever had feelings of disatisfation with your life and the need to drop everything and find out what life is really like.  If you havent had these feelings, dont read it.
B000002BE9|5.0|Ever since her speech at the awards, I was hooked on this little girl with the sullen sultrya addicting deep throaty voice.  She looks so small and frail, yet her voice is full of maturity and power.  The only other I can  compare her to is Jewel.  While Jewel is weak and doesn't stand out much,  Fiona Apple is one mean girl with her own mind and style.
630349255X|5.0|This is a movie filled with the most breathtaking visuals from the most sacred spots on the planet. There is no overt plot here, no dialog or quick edits designed to keep the attention of a MTV generation. Sit down to watch  this movie with a calm mind and prepare to be rewarded with some of the  most beautifull scenery you'll ever encounter. Scenes have been shot at a  variety of locations - from St. Peters in Rome to Karnak in Egypt.  The  accompanying score is as breathtaking as well - suited to the seamless  beauty this movie captures. A must see for anyone who may have forgotten  exactly how beautiful the world can be
B000002BMD|3.0|Like Radiohead, U2 and countless other bands, you have here superb vocals and melodies in service of some embarrassingly awful lyrics, particularly those written by Richey James. The singer's genius lies in phrasing the  songs so you don't know what he's saying, though even he can't do much with  a chorus consisting of &quot;Kevin Carter! Kevin Carter!&quot; I'm at a  loss to understand the hype here - Generation Terrorists was better.
6305265488|5.0|Ever After is just not another boring cinderella movie. It is the best to date.  It's more than brooms and fairy godmothers, it has  a realistict quality to it that few movies ever achive.  It has the actors, writers, and  direction that should have got it oscar nominations.  This is the best  movie of the year!!!
B000002NJS|1.0|madonna has done it again jumped on a bandwagon 5 years too late. bjork has been doing ths at least that long, and she jumped on the bandwagon before madonna. this style of music isn't new and it makes me sick that  everyoen thinks she is being innovative
B000002J1C|5.0|Like that classic Miles Davis album, &quot;The Yes Album&quot; is progressive rock with all the strengths and none of the weaknesses. Unlike many groups of this genre, who simply filled their 10 minute epics with  synthesised mush, the pace on this album never drags.<br />&quot;Yours is no  Disgrace&quot; is a breathtaking example of a virtuosic band running its  paces. Nine minutes never passed so quickly! Steve Howe soars on his  mistitled acoustic piece &quot;Clap.&quot; Chris Squire, arguably the most  dexterous bassist that Britain has ever produced, lifts &quot;Starship  Trooper&quot; into sonic majesty. &quot;I've Seen All Good People&quot;  shows that, despite the best efforts of the punk press, Yes can rock with  the best of them, and as for &quot;Perpetual Change&quot; music this  complex has never been so catchy!<br />Like &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;,  &quot;The Yes Album&quot; improves with every new listening, and you find  something new to appreciate. It goes without saying that every Yes fan will  have this album, but if you are a collector looking for one representative  recording from this genre, then &quot;The Yes Album&quot; is it. Whatever  your reason for buying, you can't go wrong with this one.
6301966562|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was about 8 and FELL IN LOVE with it.  This was also a cornerstone movie that got me interested in computers.   I rented it again at Hastings and am watching it again as I type this.  I am  now a full time computer tech and this movie is part of the reason I chose  this field. Any computer tech or person who enjoys these wonderful machines  would LOVE this flick.
6302517028|5.0|there are few movies as good as this one...it is one of my most favorite movies of all time...it is funny with an interesting plot to it as well...i enjoy all the characters and how they bounce off of each other...I WISH  THEY WOULD START SELLING THIS VIDEO
B00000AFWW|5.0|I totally love this album. As a huge Nirvana, Garbage, and Marilyn Manson fan, I can truly say this album is DA BOMB!!!! I totally love this album!!! Hole-KEEP ROCKING!!!!    <br />                                         -Mel
0767802772|5.0|It was wounderful, heart warming true to the mexican hariatage. I only wish it had a sound track. If it does please forward info to haertel10@yahoo.com <br />Thank you, I've rented it over and over  again!<br />SusanGutierrez Haertel
B000002C4O|4.0|After listening to &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot; a few times,  you can't help but feel Celine Dion has one of the best voices in the world.  Yes,  there are a lot of people who don't like her,  but there are even  more who do.  I think after hearing this album I finally understand why so  many people are fans. &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; is one of the most  spectacular pop songs of the last few years,  but &quot;To Love You  More&quot; is the real gem on this album,  with its soaring violin solo and  catchy oh-oh-oh-oh hook.  Some of the best songs haven't been played on the  radio yet,  like &quot;Us&quot;, a dramatic ballad,  and &quot;Treat Her  Like A Lady&quot;, a funky R&amp;B song.  There's also her duet with Barbra  Streisand,  which I hated at first but it really grows on you.  It's a good  showcase for two great voices.  I also loved &quot;The Reason&quot;, which  I saw her perform with Carole King on VH1,  this song alone is worth the  price of the CD.  Buy it!  You won't be sorry. There are only two songs I  didn't like on the CD:  &quot;Why&quot; and &quot;I Hate You Then I Love  You.&quot;
0380789019|5.0|A real page-turner.  Excellent character development.  The book is an adventure and an adventure of mind.<br />Darkly psychedelic and revelatory.
B000002VBY|4.0|I overloaded a few speakers back in my college days listening to this Krokus album, Screamin in the Night is a metal classic...they just dont play'em like that anymore..this is a necessity for any hard rock collection  !!
0395645662|5.0|Very good book, awsome plot, good expression of feeling. VERY good book, recomend reading.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is not only wonderful music, with Krall's sultry voice, and great instrumentation, it is a wonderful recording--a must for any audiophile's shelf!
6304240562|5.0|George Romero has put together the greatest horror movie of all time, in every aspect.  Tom Savini shows us why he is the best at what he does, great, gory, and gruesome FX.  George Romero has not only made the greatest  horror movie EVER, he also challengers you to think about society as a  whole and what we want as opposed to what we need.  It is a horror movie  that challenges to look at society as a whole, BUT AT THE SAME TIME, IT'S  AN AWESOME, AWESOME, HORROR MOVIE.  It has every thing you could want in a  horror movie.  See it, buy the Collectors Edition, extra footage (which  never should been taken out), as well as U.S. and foreign trailers.  A 100%  MUST FOR HORROR FANS!!!!!!
0784010188|5.0|A great action movie comes to life on dvd in your own living room. The sound is incredible and the video just as awesome and lifelike. The storyline is better than T-1 as are the special effects and action  sequences. Well worth it!!
0425098478|5.0|A fascinating book in narrative form describing the fundamentals of managing people for productivity.  Highly effective.  A must read for manager's who want better for themselves and their staff.
0792837916|5.0|Why this film didn't get any Oscar nominations is easy to see.  It's way too smart for its own good, and cuts just a little too close to the bone than any Hollywood type would care to admit.  Based on a terrific Elmore  Leonard novel, Get Shorty forces the viewer to listen intently to the  characters as the action moves around them and their world comes into being  through it, in a similar fashion to Bogart's The Maltese Falcon &amp;  Grant's His Girl Friday.  The art of listening is increasingly lost on  today's viewers, which is why many people just don't get the many  subtleties and nuances liberally peppered throughout this masterpiece.  And  the actors just flow into their roles, looking as comfortable in them as  you would in your favourite pair of jeans.  John Travolta as the  transplanted Miami gangster Chili Palmer is cool personified, while Gene  Hackman appears suitably flustered as the harried movie producer who  suddenly realizes he's in WAY over his head.  Cameos abound and are a bunch  of fun to watch.  In fact, this whole film was so much fun, I bought my own  copy!  Do yourself a favour and rent it tonight.
B000002A3T|5.0|DEMONSTRATES THAT FLOYD CAN FUNCTION WITHOUT ROGER WATERS AND SYD BARRETT. DAVE GILMOUR SHOWS THAT HE HAS AS MUCH TALENT AS WATERS AND BARRETT. HAS GREAT SOOTHING SOUNDS. I HOPE THEY MAKE ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM
6304091931|5.0|Whereas Leoni deconstructed the western and Eastwood (latterly) used it for brooding meditation, Kasdan made the ultimate &quot;cowboy ptcha'&quot;, as we used to call them. A loving survey of virtually every  western plot presented by a superb cast. Plus, it's the only chance you'll  probably ever get to see Kevin Costner display actual energy on screen.  Only question is why, oh why, isn't it available in widescreen and DVD?
B0000062FL|5.0|All in all this is a good selection for anyone who is not familiar with the band's albums BUT I was very disappointed with the live rendition of Touissant L'Overture as compared with the studio recording.  Please on  which album was the studio production of this track featured ? When I tried  to listen to a Realtime sound sample the music was Indian music certainly  not Santana's....why?
6302293553|5.0|I'd like to start by saying if I misquoted that quote forgive me, I've only seen it three times (but our sources say that number is expected to increase). This is understandably one of the funniest movies ever made!  People with all levels of senses of humor can like it. However people who  have a very painfully mature sense of humor or only find things like  constant swearing funny may not like it. But for the majority of the world,  this will be a non-stop rollercoaster of laughs. If you don't like the  entire movie you're are sure to like at least some of the jokes. All you  need is a sense of humor and a willingness to laugh at life. Just sit back  and enjoy, it's not like these jokes are hard to get! I plan on getting  this video asap.
B000000W5L|5.0|I came to terms with Exile when asked by a friend what I thought the five all-time greatest Stones songs were - songs that will still be alive 50 years from now. My response was fairly quick - Satisfaction, Gimme Shelter,  You Can't Always Get What You Want, Wild Horses, and Sympathy for the  Devil. Just my opinion. But I realized immediately none were from Exile,  which I think is the Stones' all-time best album. Yes, Tumbling Dice and  Happy are up there, and some cuts on Exile are, IMHO, absolutely awesome  (viz their cover of Robert Johnson's Stop Breaking Down) - but clearly  Exile is not not rich in standout hits. The whole is greater than the sum  of the parts.  Like few other albums, Exile is a world, a place I immerse  myself in - a distillation of American blues and gospel and country and  rock - a funky smokefilled bar or afternoon fishfry or steamy bordello,  with beer and bourbon, pianos and slide guitars and hard-partying working  people letting it loose, shining a light, shaking their hips,  boogieing,  scraping the sh*t off  their shoes, rocking the joint all down the line.  Exile critics cite no outstanding hit songs and too much &quot;fill&quot;  and murky production/garage band sound. But that's the point, the genius of  the album. The album IS the song - I love that murky sound - I listen more  to my scratchy old vinyl than to the new cleaned up CD I just bought from  Amazon - Exile is where the Stones perhaps peaked, where, catalyzed by  Taylor's sinuous guitar playing off Richard's rythmn funk and  Hopkin's/Stewart's honky tonk piano, they finally came home to the country  blues where they began, when Brian Jones, God rest his soul, alias Elmo  Lewis, played slide guitar in a London bar and 18 year-old Keith actually  thought he was seeing Elmore James  - smokey, funky, rockin, wailing, torn  and frayed poor white trash and juke joint black, the soundtrack of  Saturday night, til my late night friends leave me in the cold grey dawn.  Hang out in Exile. Accept it on its own terms. It will be, I firmly  believe,  the Stones ALBUM (not song) that will stand the test of time.  Pass me the bourbon - quick- the band's coming on for another set and the  night's still young.
B000002L7G|4.0|By no stretch of the imagination is this a bad album.  Its just a little bit too commerical.  Mark Knophler's guitar is not as present as in previous releases.  The songs are still high quality.  This disc actually  rates 3 1/2 stars but halves don't count here.
B000002TQV|5.0|WOW!!! this is such a wonderful album, I was soooo impressed when I got this C.d, it is so their best album ever!!! My favorite songs being high and dry, fake plastic trees, bullet proof...i wish i was, black star, and  street spirit (fade out)....I just really love this album, there isn't much  more to say about it!!!! Thom Yorke is soooo cute...what a cutie!!!
B000002KYB|4.0|A nice balance exists between Mark Knophler's guitar and Alan Clark's keyboards.  These aren't songs, they're symphonies.  Unfortunately there are only five.  A little incomplete by my standards but still very  worthwhile for most record collections.
6305229449|5.0|&quot;Mulan&quot; is a timeless masterpiece based on an age-old Chinese tale that reminds us of the fundamental reasons why life should be celebrated: loyalty and friendship, honor and dedication, family, friends,  humor, and love.  Through a simple yet unforgettable story,  &quot;Mulan&quot; takes us away from the madness of our materialistic  priorities, and invites us into a world that values the strength of the  spirit and the dedication of the heart.
B000002KLQ|5.0|Dire Straits definitely peaked with this wonderful release.  All the songs are great but Tunnel Of Love is just stupendous.  A perfect song to romance your special lady.  Roy Bittan(Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band) plays  some excellent piano and Mark Knophler is on top of his game on guitar.  You can not go wrong with this CD.
0670880728|5.0|If you need a book to take you away from your daily routine and worry about someone elses, this will do that for you.  I thought the writing was good and the story line moved quick enought for me to want to keep reading.
B000005RTQ|3.0|After &quot;Wheels&quot;, &quot;Strong Arm&quot;, &quot;Denim&quot; and &quot;Power&quot;, this was not exactly their heaviest, finest hour. (Even the band admits it was something of a commercial departure). Nevertheless,  it contains some great tunes, including &quot;Crusader&quot;, &quot;Sailing  to America&quot; &amp; &quot;A Little Bit of What You Fancy&quot;.  Definitely worth owning, but get the others first.
0553108034|5.0|First, let me tell the only negative thing about this book:  IT ENDED!  I read the first in the series the day it came out on paperback, and upon finishing it, I pre ordered (by SEVERAL months) the hard back edition of  &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; here on Amazon, and actually got it before  public release.  Enought drabble...<br />This book is incredible!  I hope Mr.  Martin will excuse the comparison, but I've not felt so APART of a created  world since &quot;The Land&quot; in Donaldson's books.  Martin paints such  a vivid and REAL picture that I can actually see myself walking the King's  Road to Winterfell.  The characters are ALIVE and feel like my friends.  I  travel every week for business and Martin's novel was my constant companion  until I turned the last page (which came entirely too quickly!).  I love  his masterful work of magic in the novels.  It's not poured all over you!   It's this horrible/mysterious thing you KNOW exists, but many deny it.  But  when it's used on rare occasion, LOOK OUT!  I like how NO ONE is safe in  his novels!  When Eddard died, I thought I would too, but what PURPOSE his  death served!<br />My last thoughts are this:  READ THESE BOOKS!  My only word  of caution would be you MIGHT want to wait until ALL of the series is  complete.  The wait from one book to the next is agonizing!<br />Mr. Martin,  KEEP IT UP!  Behold, the new master of a genre!
0805241655|1.0|This book made no sense what so ever.  It was boring and I suggest not wasting your time with it.
6301599411|5.0|The last reviewer is a SNOB.   The public at large needs these kinds of films.  They want more of these kinds of films. And they beleive in them as they should.
6304916558|2.0|I would have to say this is the worst Bond Movie there is. This is not the James Bond Ian Fleming introduced some years ago. The Movie is to dark and sinster. They need to go back to the James Bond Sean Connery and Timothy  Dalton portrayed. Once again I will ask the question- What Happend!?
B000002KY8|5.0|My first of many (make that all) Prince albums.  Extended dance jams, political positions, personal revelations, funk, and sex.  What a mind blowing experience.  One of the few albums that I rate as excellent.
B000002GBJ|5.0|Rick Wakeman is one the first and most talented keyboard players who were part of the &quot;progressive&quot; or &quot;classical&quot; rock movement.  As with most keyboard players of this genre, Rick was classically trained  having attended the Royal Acadamy of Music.  Six Wives showcases his  overflowing keyboard talents on a number of instruments including the  paino, organ, synthesizer and harpsicord.   There are six segments, each of  which conatin complex passages that shift between delicate piano to rock  tempo electronic keyboards.  In particular, Rick's piano playing is Mozart  influenced, showing both speed and sensitivity (Get the Piano Album for  more of his piano).
B000003CMB|5.0|There is note a single wasted note of music on this Record. Thirty years later the brothers are still proving that the &quot;Road goes on forever,&quot; as well it should.
B000002C1W|5.0|Take my advice and forget about all those old people complaining about how Waters is no longer in the band.  If he were still in the band then we would be listening to albums like The Final Cut part III.  The music is  what makes this album.  Catchy songs like Learning to Fly and Sorrow make  this album a must.  I think it is much easier to listen to than albums like  The Wall or Dark Side(even though they are probably 2 of the greatest  albums of all time) because Waters is not  there and Gilmour can truly  demonstrate his playing ability.  The atmosphere of this album is amazing.   Just listen to it all the way through and you'll know what I mean.   Definitely one of my favorite Pink Floyd album's.  Music in the nineties  just doesn't even come close.
0812550757|4.0|This book is the sequel of the amazing book &quot;Ender's Game&quot;. It is also very differant from the first book. Card has a remarkable skill for dialog and detail, and his characters are believable, but in this book, the  plot is somewhat expected and at times too incredible even for an SF story.  Still a good read, though.
630469878X|4.0|This has been mistakenly branded as a feminist picture.  This reviewer ( decidedly not a feminist) rates this movie very highly.  The acting is first rate as is the directing and the  writing. A perfect depiction of  southern males (e.g. Clinton), their primitive, agressive attitude toward  women and all their attendant characteristics (captivated by football  games, gross behavior, etc).  Highly recommended.
6304722303|5.0|I was merely 7 years old back in 1986 when the theater went dim.  Little did I know then how Aliens would shape my life.  Aside from Star Wars, I haven't seen anything since that has impacted my life such as Aliens did.   In my opinion, the first two movies in the series are the only two, with  Aliens being the finally.  The last two movies so off the mark that I  almost felt sick when I saw them.  I was happy when James Cameron finally  got the recognision he deserved for Titanic.  People should take notice of  his earlier work.  If only Fox would release the director's cut on tape or  DVD.
B000000OUW|5.0|It is COO
0887307280|5.0|If you're looking for a book to help with a new or running business, this is the one.  The E-Myth Revisited is my business bible.
B000001FQ8|4.0|Scarecrow, Lonesome Jubilee and Big Daddy form a trilogy of socially conscious, folky, earthbound music ... but this is the album I go back to.  Its instrumentation (fiddle, accordion, drums?, electric guitar?) is unique  yet understated.  And it manages to be forceful without being preachy.  And  it's quite introspective.  &quot;Mansions in Heaven&quot; and &quot;Jackie  Brown&quot; are two great examples of the writing here.
B000002KKD|5.0|I can't say how much I love this album!  It has so many gems, the most successful being &quot;Planet Claire,&quot;  &quot;52 Girls,&quot; and &quot;Rock Lobster.&quot;  The album has 6 other gems to spare, which means  that I can't say how much I love every song on this LP.  I purchased it  yesterday at a flea market, and it's stayed on my turntable since.  From  Kate Pierson's trashy organ cords, to Cindy Wilson's intense screaming on  &quot;Dance this Mess Around,&quot;  and the rather disrespectful cover of  &quot;Downtown,&quot;  the album remains a gem in its own right, and should  be purchased by everyone!  It's just one of those albums, like  &quot;Thriller&quot; or the &quot;Flashdance&quot; soundtrack.  Anyway, the  bottom line is, buy this album on whatever you can, whether it be vinyl (on  which it sounds wonderful), cassette, or CD, you need to own this!!!!
6303577989|5.0|These movies are the best movies ever made! There is no other way to put it.
B000002UZ4|5.0|Good question!  But PSB's have delivered, reguardless.   Being a product of the 80's, I sometimes miss that era.  When I do, I reach for Discography first every time.
6305262063|5.0|This is one of the best action movies I've seen in a long time.  Robert De Niro and Jean Reno make a great team.  The car chases are so intense I found myself not breathing.
B000003TSP|4.0|But I can't quite give it five becaue I know what this band is capable of.  In my mind, perhaps the most original and influential band of the 90's, Portishead comes out with another great album. If it weren't for the  absolute brilliance of their first album and the expectation that it caused  for me, I would give this five stars.  &quot;Mourning Air&quot; is a  masterpiece, and &quot;Western Eyes&quot; is a beautiful touch.  I still am  absolutely in love with Beth Gibbons, even though there are a few points in  this CD when her singing gets a bit loud and unbearable.  Do not worry if  you do not like other things you have heard labeled &quot;trip hop&quot;,  Portishead transcends this label, and most other categories.   Dummy took a  while to grow on me, and perhaps all this CD needs is a few more weeks of  deep listening before it joins my list of all time classics, but for right  now I have to keep it just slightly behind Dummy, if for nothing else  because Dummy came Four years ago and truly revolutionized the music scene.
0784010188|1.0|The original Terminator was quite good.  This one is nothing but a showcase of special effects. Plot is horrible..not recommended
0060922583|5.0|Easily the most powerful, mind-opening...no, mind RELEASING book that I have ever had the great honor of EXPERIENCING! My entire philosophy on life is forever changed for the better; and I will undoubtedly become a better  human being as a result of it! If you are a person who clings to  their  deepest most cherished theological beliefs with vicegrip-like  determination; I recommend The Holographic Universe only if you welcome  your reality being thrown completely askew by the grand enlightenment  contained therein!   <br />My deepest thanks Mr. Talbot!
0385493800|2.0|An attempted journey into the Heart of Darkness that sinks.  No surprises, no romance, no gripping characters after the multibillionaire dives off the terrace.  Grisham is no Hillerman in using a vast rivery swamp as a  character.  Yawn.
6300183971|5.0|The movie takes some liberties, such as adding the wierding modules... In the book, there was a wierding way of fighting, but no modules.  Overall, being a Dune fanatic, I give the movie 6 stars... I just wish I could get  my hands on the unedited version.
6304712936|5.0|There is a reason this movie won 8 academy awards.  The acting is superb.  The costumes and casting are magnificant.  It's a movie that can never be watched just once.
B000000WA2|5.0|This is the CD that people think of when they tend to think of Blur because of its satirical nature and upbeat sound. That sound however doesn't betray the serious and sometimes scathing opinions the band have on  certain aspects of life. &quot;The Universal&quot; however shows that not  only can they use lots of organs in about a 1,000 different ways but that  they can also beautifully arrange strings. ITS BRILLIANT! Its a must for  anyone who is interested in Blur's music.
044022165X|5.0|How can someone turn the tedious legalities of paperwork so interesting and human? Well Grisham did it. With a impressive humanitarian approach, the author focus on two cases: health plans versus a dying man and a  widow`s will. Both cases, simultaneously, will take us through the legal  issues. And with this he plays with our hearts! I had tears down my face  reading the last page.
0451196716|5.0|This book remains one of my favorite King novels.  It's the best of the Bachmans, that's for sure.  The ending is probably my favorite ending of all King's books.  Highly recommended.
B00000G3PA|5.0|There is plenty of action &amp; story to this movie to keep your attention.  The music is also wonderful, however I'm a really big Aerosmith fan. This is a must own movie.  You won't be dissappointed with this one.
B000002IOJ|3.0|There is some fine material on this album, like &quot;Sins Of Omission,&quot;  but I don't feel that it has the same punch as earlier albums.  The leads are still wonderful though.
B00000I3JD|5.0| am not a hp hop fun . usally lsten to jazz or jazz rock or reggea. but ths album made me love the hp hop.the lyrcs wch are very overwhelmng and mpressve.t makes me happy t puts me n a good mood.  lsten to t every day and  am sure  wll never get bored of t.thanks  lauren thanks a lot
B000002IPZ|3.0|Some of the songs on here are filler material, but &quot;The Legacy&quot; is definatly not.  Some songs will have me thrashing around, but others will have me dashing for the &quot;skip&quot; button.
079213690X|4.0|Our family really loved this movie. Like a previous reviewer said, it has more of a plot than Titanic, where a depressed girl gets seduced by a guy, has sex, and says that he saved her in all ways possible (except her soul,  right? I wonder where he went when he died???)  Some love scenes were a bit  objectionable, but overall it was a first rate film.
B000002J0G|5.0|This combines Testament's recent style with the slamming brutality of &quot;The New Order.&quot;  James Murphy was a wise choice for guitarist, and he shreds as well as Alex ever did. The death vocals are good too, and  luckily Chuck uses his traditional vocals too.
B00000634L|5.0|I had the special treat of first being exposed to this band via a live setting. They made such an impact on me that I could hardly wait for the U.S. release date of March 3rd, 1998, so I could rush out and buy my own  copy of &quot;Glee&quot; to play again and again the songs that could  cement the melodies that haunted my brain since that magical live  show.<br />These people are AMAZING! Lead man James Di Salvio is a GENIUS for  pulling together such a diverse collaboration of talent. After that show,  my friend and I were lucky enough to chat with Steve &quot;Liquid&quot;  Hawley, the smooth rapper voice of the band. Because of the cohesiveness of  the 8 (or is it 9? My CD's at work at the moment so I can't check!) members  of their band, it seemed like all these people had been together for a long  time; like old friends having a ball making music. Not so, according to  him. They all (at that time) had only been together for 6 months! It just  seemed so amazing because thay were all so synchronized and choreographed  in their singing and movements, yet at the same time they maintaied an air  of spontanaeity and lightness throughout. Anyway, this is starting to sound  like a live show review. <br />The CD itself is of course FANTASTIC--you are  led on an almost seemless musical journey by this merry band of Canadians  who have lots of fun, serious, kooky, happy and touching stories to tell  set to various kinds of music with melodies that suck you in and leave you  wanting more. Like the track, &quot;Problems,&quot; which has such a tasty  beat, you wish it wasn't so darn short! &quot;Everywhere&quot; is one of  the most beautiful and honest, (yet modest!) love ballads I've ever heard,  sung by one of the 3 sassy gals in the group, Jayne, who also wrote it. All  these chicks have marvelous pipes with all the guys in the band to back up  their singing with unique instrumentation and vocals of their own. The  track &quot;Couch Surfer&quot; will put a smile on yourface.  &quot;Drinking in L.A.&quot; is also a comical song about alcoholic  wanna-be young filmmakers in L.A. told very sarcastically And uncannily  like they experienced the whole lifestyle firsthand. It's also one of their  only songs to get airplay on U.S. radiowaves, which is a complete shame!  More people need to hear the gospel of Bran Van, but thir record company  doesn't promote them enough in the States. These kids have something to say  with so much style and passion... AND FUN!!! There's something for everyone  on this CD, so my advice to you is to BUY IT! You will not be disappointed.  I have converted many of my friends with just one listen. It hooks you. BV3  rules!
B000002IKR|5.0|I am shocked to death as to why this band didn't become much, much bigger, because judging by this CD they have the technical abilities to take down Metallica, and the lyrical fierceness to sometimes rival Possessed and  Slayer.  My favorite aspect of this CD is the lead work, which is most  often beautiful, well thought music.  The recording quality is kind of  poor, but I'm sure if some wonderful record label were to re-issue this  album and remaster it, it would draw in more fans than it did the first  time it was released.
0446310786|5.0|This is the best classic: It is overflowing with life and has a memorable and vivid, gentle persuasive humor and a glowing goodness.  It is a gem of a book.  To Kill A Mockingbird is beautifulluy written.  About crisis in  race and in life, this amazing book will never be forgotten.  It pulls you  into it's world and doesn't let you step out.  It is also great for kids (I  am 12).  Everything about this book is perfect.
B000002IMG|5.0|Testament's second album differs in many ways from &quot;The Legacy,&quot; but shares the same type of brutality.  Testament experimented with texturing and bringing in elements of sadness to their music.  The result  will blow you away!
6305107122|5.0|If you see one horror movie see this one. It is so scary. This was better then its sequals. Part two was good because it finishs the story. Buy this movie you wont regret it.
B000005S37|3.0|&quot;for people for whom the needle is nothing more than a toothbrush&quot;<br />Those days are long past, but I still hear some of this when I sit next to a waterfall... I had this on vinyl, and the last track  was a clsoed loop that just repeated &quot;you're fried&quot;<br />I'm buying  it again, just to round out the collection. It will also help clear the  apartment of rats, I think.
B00000DGUG|2.0|I liked JLP, but this album is SOOOOO boring!!!! Except for &quot;Joining You&quot; and a couple of others, this album put me to sleep!!! I don't even like the new single &quot;Unsent&quot;. It looks like Alanis will  imitate Hootie's chart record....
6305265488|5.0|Not seeing this movie is literally a sin!  Barrymore, Huston, and Scott captivate, charm, and bewitch every audience member!  See this movie: rent it, buy it, act it out at home!  This enchanting tale is a certain  must-see!
076400431X|3.0|The special effects are great.The character developement is just so-so  but i have to admit this movie has its moments of humour and the idea of a flying saucer being disassembled by the government at hanger 54(which by the  way is a real location) does not seem that really far fetched.Dennis hopper  et.al. do a fine job holding our interests and his ex-hippie type  persona(which he also used later in &#34;flashback&#34;helped hold  together what really could only be described as a drive-in saturday night  flick you might have taken your best girl to see back in your high  school days.If you looking for some simple escapism this would be one you might  wish to check out.It has been on moratorium for quite a while and i was  suprised to see that Amazon has it-but pleasantly surprised.I ordered myself  a copy-can't really justify it -just missed the movie.<br />  2/16/16- bought the Bluray version and was rather disappointed. You are getting a bare bones copy - it's been cleaned up a little but there are NO extra's- not even a scene selection.<br />  Should have just bought the DVD version again(couldn't find my DVD version so decided to buy the Bluray).
0385493800|1.0|I usually like Grisham's books, but was disappointed with this one.  He usually spins out a great tale of courtroom drama, with turns and twists in the cases along the way. That wasn't the case with this book.  He spent too  much time on safari and not enough time in the courtroom, where he is  usually at his best.
0767810856|4.0|Cage and Fonda had chemistry from the moment they first set eyes on each other. They'll keep you rooting for the good samaritans right from the beginning. Although there were some scenes that were too unbelievable,  those of us who believe in romantic fate will see through it.
B00000DC4A|5.0|I love this c.d and almost all of the songs. I'm a huge B.A. fan I'm so glad he released something new. It doesn't seem to be fairing well on the charts, but it's filled w/ hits. My faves are, &quot;On a Day&quot;,  &quot;Inside Out&quot;, &quot;Before the Night is Over&quot;, &quot;Cloud  Number 9&quot;, and &quot;Fearless&quot;
0767802772|5.0|I thought this was the best movie any of the friends group have put out. Matthew Perry was wonderful in this movie.
B0000024IE|5.0|A powerful musical force, a damning indictment of our racist society in twenty tight tracks (just a tad over 3 mins each).  The record kicks off the &quot;Contract On the World&quot; which slowly grows in our attention  until one sample shouts &quot;There is something changing in the climate of  consciousness of this planet!&quot; then a scratch, a vocal snippet,  another scratch, and without seams, the album barrels into &quot;Brothers  Gonna Work It Out&quot; with a ferocious guitar riff and a brief spitfire  delivery of all the slogans of the last album before roaring into Chuck's  fabulous opening rap.<br />Sound breathless?  Well, I have good reason -- no  one has topped the pure raging rush of this record, not even PE's other  efforts.  Pure rap agitprop of the most powerful variety.<br />Buy this!!
B00000DHRZ|3.0|Why does it seem that everyone that reviews this CD seems to look at the world around the album rather than the album itself? I keep reading these reviews and all I see are comments about the people who like &quot;pretty  fly(for a white guy)&quot; are deemed &quot;posers&quot; or  &quot;trendsters&quot;. I've loved the Offspring since I first heard  &quot;Smash&quot; and I'm not going to let some 14 year old kid who hates  all the little preppy kids that seem to all of a sudden  &quot;discovered&quot; the Offspring because they were watching MTV. Even  with all of the overhype, I would still rather listen to this than the  Backstreet Boys or N'Sync. But aside from the comments, it's a decent  effort by Offspring, but I'm still waiting for another Smash.
B0000009RT|5.0|I bought this in vinyl in the winter of 66-67 and became an instant Zappa fan. In an era of Jan &amp; Dean and Herman Hermits, this became a refreshing new musical outlet. Over the years my collection has grown to  30+ albums nad cd's. ( Mostly albums) I introduced my son to Frank Zappa  many years ago and at 25 he thanks me. Frank Zappa creativity and  composition is sadly missed. I still have the original album...and it  doesn't skip.
6303109950|5.0|The movie is awesome I bought it and watch it at least twice a month.  A great movie with a very good job done by Val
0375707972|1.0|yay! another amazing (yeah right?!?!) book that  operah &quot;recommends&quot; to be good. stay away from this bad writing! should get 0 stars, but there is no option for it.
6303022901|5.0|I saw this movie in my English class earlier this year, and read the book as well. It is a story of four mothers, who tell their tramatizing stories of their past lives in China and live to tell the American Dream. And is  about four American-born daughters who eventually learn about their  mothers' pasts and finally understand. The Joy Luck Club is a great movie,  and a terrific novel!
6301969294|5.0|Let me just say that only a person who has stood up for what is right will fully appreciate this movie.  The message and impassioned speech are phenomenal. Patricia Neal is superb as is the rest of the cast.  This movie  will tug at the heartstrings of everyone who has or is trying so hard to be  a bright light in an ever dimming world.  I have not read the book; I do  plan to. Put yourself in Howard's place and you will enjoy this film!
630025111X|5.0|I lived part of my life as a cowboy on huge ranches in Montana, Arizona, and New Mexico.  This film accurately depicts the sense of tragedy that all of us who've ever made their living in the saddle feel.  One of the  greatest bucking horse scenes known to man in this movie too.  It's a sad  movie, but it says a whole lot more about what it's like to be a cowboy  than any rodeo you ever saw.
B000002B35|5.0|PF's second live album after Roger left shadows the first one (ADSOT). PF without Roger does not have to prove anything, yet this set is a clear end to all these discussions. Unfortunately, I could not see any of the  concerts in DB tour. Pulse partially compensated. Next PF tour (cross your  fingers), I shall go anywhere to be there, this time to watch even more Syd  gems live (i.o., see emily play, arnold layne.)
157492589X|5.0|No question.  This movie is THE greatest western of all time.  It is so real to those who've seen it, that they even have a historical marker on the hotel in Miles City, Montana where Gus McRae was when the story hits  it's climax.  Really...I've been there...it's on the door.
0790731479|5.0|The whole plot of Beetlejuice is out of this world! It is clever and witty with great jokes. You will be worried and laughing out load at the same time.The more you see it the more you will love it!
B00000ICD9|5.0|This movie was both inspiring and delightful. Had a few moment of deep thought and revealing of true love experience, not based on a phsyical level.
0792837983|1.0|It's a Kubrick movie, so it just cant be a bad one. Nonetheless, Lolita-Sue Lyon- is supposed to be twelve and looks at least eighteen. Sellers is completly out of place. The most unapealling thing about this  movie is that it has, basically, nothing to do with the book itself. And  you just don't read Nabokov's Lolita. You LIVE it. So it's kinda  desappointing. However, apart from that, Mason's excellent, Sue Lyon even  more and Winters extraordinary. Sure, if you don't want to watch Nabokov's  Lolita, this movie is one of the best inspirated and courageous of Kubrick.
0694515302|5.0|I enjoy listening to audio's while driving.  This one was so interesting that I listened to it two times in a week!  I am more of a manager and technician than entrepreneur.  This audio has given me a different view of  why businesses work and what I can do to increase the chance taking my  business to the top!
0679428887|2.0|The basic plot had the makings of some real intrique, but from from page 250 to the end I could not figure out where we were or what we were doing. I still cannot figure out what the ending of the book was all about and I  was glad to get this read over with. I was very disappointed.
0767819462|5.0|a mother of two kids is diagnosed with cancer and she wants to try and do everything her kids and she does not want the &quot;stepmom do it with them she wants to do it
6303327982|5.0|With the combine works of Quentin Tarintino and Oliver Stone comes out one of the super cool movies ever.  Ultra sexy and ultra violence is everywhere and even through that the same universal theme is perfectly shown.  <br />Love  defeats evil (Even if the main characters are evil)
630518299X|5.0|I just want to say that anyone with preconceived ideas about this movie should just set them aside and watch it!  Yes, the premise seems kind of silly, and yes, the rest of Jim Carrey's movies suck, and yes, the previews  show a couple of shots of him making goofy faces and saying goofy things  that might make you think Oh God, not another Ace Ventura.  But this  movie's more of a drama than a comedy, and a pretty powerful one at that.   Be careful though, it might actually make you stop and think about the  stunts that the media gets away with in the real world.  I hope Carrey  makes more movies like these; he's finally shown his true potential.
B00000ADG2|5.0|If you love intelligent,soulful music, then you will love Lauryn Hill.  She is incredible talented and is leading Hip Hop music to a glorius future.
B000006NPY|4.0|the 4 star is because i heard better albums from the smashing pumpkins...and i think that they are better = ) and plus &quot;PERFECT&quot; is me and my girls song .....i love it
B000006NPY|4.0|and frankly, I like it! This album is beautiful. It captures the essense of the Pumpkins evolution, fronted by Billy Corgan, the god of rock. Magical, musical gems like To Sheila, Tear, Behold! The Nightmare, For  Martha, and Blank Page are what make this album this album. It is, as Billy  puts it, full of &quot;arcane night music.&quot; This is the album you  listen to when you're just driving around trying to sort out your life. I  for one have listened to this album enough times to know that it will one  day be recognized as one of the best albums of the century, not only  because it's by the Pumpkins, but because it has the ability to attach  itself to the human mind with it's thought-provoking and relative lyrics. I  would personally like to thank Billy Corgan, James Iha, and D'arcy  Wretzy-Brown for being there for all the people out there who love them no  matter what they do with their music. Oh...and thanks for re-hiring Jimmy,  too. I saw that one coming. What are the Pumpkins without Jimmy backing  them on the drums?
6301334523|5.0|Sharing the same interest in intriques and manipulation the Marquise de Merteuil (Glenn Close) and the Vicomte de Valmont (John Malkovich) do feel some kind of mutual understanding, kinship and attraction for one another.  Now the two of them create a diabolic plot just for the pleasures given by  revenge, obtaining redress and to maintain ones self. Yet, this time they  set of a series of events that may not only devastate the life of others,  but ultimately may destroy their own. Valmont, who is so cynical and vain  that he is unable to recognize a true, unselfish emotion even when he  experience it, finds himself in a prestigious contest where nobody can stay  unharmed. This drama is produced in front of us with a beauty and an ease  that in many ways may seem to contradict the cool brutality of their  actions, but does in fact only lender it a deeper impact. Finally, Michelle  Pfeiffer has never been more radiant. She has the fragility and restrained  appearance needed to portrait the unfortunate Mme de Tourvel, but also the  necesary ability to reveal her inner strength and passionate soul.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I barely know the whole Hole story and I could really care less; I just like music that appeals to something somewhere in me. So I pick this CD up on a whim cuz the world is talking about this Courtney Love person and I  want to know what all the fuss is about. Well there's fuss about  &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot;, &quot;Reasons To Be Beautiful&quot; (more like  ugly), &quot;Playing Your Song&quot; (my personal fav), and much more.  Angst and in agony? Sure, but aren't we all. Stevie Nicks the diety? Got no  problem with that. But the music is actually very good! So much to choose  from: loud and driving, soft and lilting guitar riffs, drum beats that make  you pound on the steering wheel, lyrics that bounce between simple and  catchy to &quot;I hope she's getting therapy for this&quot;, and then I  can't even fault the vocals. I've always been a fan of the ability to vent  from the bottom of you lungs and soul.<br />&quot;Dying&quot; and &quot;Heaven  Tonight&quot; caught me by surprise as I didn't expect much of a cerebral  or romantic side went I put this CD in my hand.  I hear some Hole fans are  actually displeased with their venturing away from whatever it that made  them so lovable in the first place. Well, I beg to differ. Recognize change  and evolution. That's what talent is supposed to do, folks; not repeat and  stagnate. Wherever Courtney and the crew went to unearth the motivation for  this piece (Billy Corgan?), keep digging. This CD rocks in the old  fashioned way. Hopefully it only gets better.<br />You go girls! (and guy)
6300214540|5.0|This movie was the best. I have watched it over and over and never get board. It is way cool.
0385493800|5.0|This book is such a wonderful departure from the other Grisham books. I really loved the characters in this story.  I couldn't put this down.  I wanted to find out what was going to happen.  I really enjoyed getting away  from the courthouse and the lawyers and focusing in on characters that have  human qualities.  I really cared about the characters and wanted the very  best for them.  John Grisham hits the jackpot with this one.  The details  of the excursion Nate takes is so well written.  This is by far one of my  top picks for the best John Grisham book.
6302799066|5.0|In response to the reviewer who gave this movie 2 stars on December 6, 1998, I have to say, your a moron. Dr. Stranglove should be appreciated for the movie, and the movie alone. Not the &quot;special features&quot; it  left out. This movie is one of the funniest ever made. Kubrick once again  proves that he is the greatest living film maker. This movie will have  anybody who can understand it laughing at George C. Scott's incredible  performance one moment, and pondering its dramatic social commentary the  next. Aside from its sharp tongued dialogue, this movie explores the  abillity and maturity of the leaders we put in charge. A classic in the  greatest sense of the word.
0380002930|5.0|My mother borrowed this  book from a friend a couple years back.  She never actually read it, so I picked it up and started.  It was a little hard to get into, but I got caught up in it.  It was full of Adventure,  heroism, and happening.  It was never at a slow pace, so I never got bored  of it.  I was nine years old.  I still read it.  I am twelve now.  I took  it to school to read in math class one day.  The other kids thought it was  stupid, a &quot;older kid&quot; reading about talking rabbits, so I lent it  to another girl to prove her wrong.  She now owns her own copy.  I  recommend this book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0399143904|2.0|Any review of a new Clancy book must take into consideration his library of prior novels.  Even though each new book stands alone, it can not be separated from it's brethren.  When reading RB6, I kept getting the feeling  that something is wrong here.  After finally finishing the book, the  problem hit me.  Clancy is getting boring.   Whereas prior novels kept  getting more intense as they went on, RB6 just kept going on and on.  It  seems as though Clancy himself is the one getting bored with the writing,  and we pay the price, (twice!).  To test the thought, I re-read the last  350 pages of Debt Of Honor, a recent Clancy full novel. You're interest  doesn't wane.  After Red Storm Rising, Clancy's focus sharpened  considerably, and hopefully he will get back on track with his next major  novel.
6305229449|5.0|This movie is about honor and self respect.  It is perhaps the most adult movie I have seen in years.  All the characters behaved believably. (except for the Dragon and the Cricket, and that is outside of the relm of human  behavior anyway)  The movie treated a different culture with respect and  treated the issues faced by the characters with honesty.<br />Even in the  realm of violence this movie was adult in behavior, without going  overboard.  The death of the guards on the wall, the death of the scout,  the fate of the village and fate of most of the horde were not wallowed in,  nor were they glossed over.<br />In the relm of sex, this was also a very  adult movie.  Again, there was the lack of juvinile tittering, and a direct  and honest view of both attraction and the usual fate of a chinese  girl.<br />Mulan is a movie you can enjoy at every level.  It is intellectully  exciting as well as plain entertainment.  Mulan is about love, honor and  integrety.  The movie understands its own message.
0767824571|5.0|Besides Stripes, Caddyshack, MP's the Life of Brian, and Easy Money, The Holy Grail is one of the top 5 funniest movies ever made. Browsing at Amazon.com is great too, and I can browse here cause even if I don't look  like a browser, I'm half browser on my mother's side. Know what I  mean....(wink wink nudge nudge)....say no more. <br />PS: A Happy Ba Ba Booey  to ya'll.
078401213X|5.0|A genius number theorist pursues his obsession with unravelling the secret to the underlying pattern to the universe.  As he gets closer to his goal, he grows closer to understanding God, and closer to madness.  His quest  does not go unnoticed as two completely different groups (God and  Satan?)fight to steal his discovery from him to further their own warped  goals.  This movie is extremely well done and truly fascinating.
B000009PNY|5.0|Before I went out and bought this tape, I read the reviews of people who actually bought it. I admit I was scared because the Duran Duran one sucked. When I took it home I was completely taken. I fell in LOVE with  this tape. Now I cant quit playing it. The way the artists covered the  songs were amazing. Not any of them sucked. One of my favorites has to be  Master and Servant. It was excellent. It has got to mean that Depeche Mode  is definetly a good band and the people that made these songs did such a  good job. If you are a true Depeche Mode fan and want something different,  then buy this.
6305252521|3.0|Paramount is consistently putting out the WORST DVDs. Truman Show is one of the most incredible movies ever -- every time I watch it I get a little more out of it. Unfortunately Paramount just does not seem to know how to  make a quality DVD. Not only does this movie have no extras, and is not in  wide screen as promised... but the transfer itself it very poor. The  picture quality is very bad for a DVD. I am not sure who is running the  show at Paramount but they should be fired for screwing up a masterpiece  like The Truman Show.
B00000DFMM|5.0|Wonderfully teutonic, clinically executed but not as much as not to have soul. If you liked the less accessible (but not unlistenable) alternative techno-pop of the early to mid eighties, this is the art at it's best.  Spooky and haunting, alternating with dream like qualities, it's thinking  music without the pretention, techorchestral. If you can listen before  buying, try track 6, P-Machinery. I'm still enjoying it fifteen years after  it was released. Wonderful, but not to everyone's tastes.<br />Thank goodness  :) Can we have a sixth star please Amazon?
B000002H33|5.0|This is not the best album of all time; that honor goes to Black Sabbath's Paranoid. However, there's no shame in placing second. Metallica cemented their position as masters of melodic speed and thrash with this, their  third and finest album.
0679428887|4.0|I enjoyed this thriller very much.  The action is exciting, the characters are engaging, and the portrait of Russia is chilling  (if everything I've ever read about Russia is close to true, what a depressing place, full of  pollution, deprivation, and misery).  The critical reviews by some readers  are way too harsh:  sure, the ending is a bit unbelievable, but this is a  good book--lighten up.
6303313345|5.0|Arnold plays  his best  role yet. It has non  stop action and a great plot involving guns, money, kidnapping,  and a host of  other elements. I would reccomend this movie to anyone who likes action or spy movies.
6305263248|5.0|This movie rocks! I suggest viewing Bullit (my previous all time favorite car-chase/drama flick) before watching Ronin. The car chases are awesome as evidenced by the expressions on the actors and actresses faces. First-rate  driving make this perfect!
0140544518|5.0|A delightfully different spin on an old classic.  Not just for kids.  The illustrations are wonderful.  Everyone who likes a good story and a good laugh should have this book!  A great gift book as well!
6303421563|5.0|This film dramatizes the dreams we all have that, in the midst of our despair, there shall appear a rescuer who will take care of us and lead us to salvation. These two do this for each other and, in the process, give  rousing performances in the best action flick I've ever seen. I've watched  this movie about once a year since I first discovered it, and am now buying  a copy.
6300248550|5.0|If you are a Bronte fan you must see this video. Zelah Clarke's impassioned Jane is the most believable I have seen.  Although it's hard to imagine Timothy Dalton as an &quot;ugly&quot; Rochester, he does convince  us that HE believes it.  The imagery is beautiful of the Yorkshire  countryside, although this video is reminiscent of many older BBC  productions.  Buy it.  Find a rainy day to watch the entire thing and go  back to Bronte's Yorkshire.
B0000025R3|5.0|Colin Hay is the glue that holds the MAW together on this masterful work of pop/rock/folkish collection of complex, yet catchy arrangements.  I dare say, &quot;Beatlesque&quot;.......
080013799X|5.0|thats all there is to say about this movie it is the best eve
0440224764|1.0|Don't bother.  Even though the book was lucrative, colorful and interesting, the unrealistic, oversimplified and extremely exasperating ending leaves a bad taste in the reader's mouth.  After finishing the book,  I felt I wasted my time and I haven't read a novel by the usually talented,  occasionally awful Mr. Grisham.  It will take me a long time to recover  from this pathetic attempt at a Stephen King ending.
6304504012|5.0|The only thing I have to say about the movie is that you will cry during the movie because Alan Parker did an excellent job at directing this movie!!!! 5 stars all the way!!!!
0385493800|5.0|When I was about 2/3 through the book, I recommended to my 15-year-old son that he read this latest John Grisham book.  It seemed to be one he might enjoy, and not too complicated.  When I told him the name of it was  &quot;The Testament&quot;, he asked if it was about the Bible (as in  &quot;Old&quot; and &quot;New&quot; Testament).  My first reaction was no,  but then I realized maybe it was!  It was not only about a last will and  testament, but it was John Grisham's testament of the way God can work in  lives today.   I guess its sorta the &quot;Gospel According to John  Grisham&quot;!! It was great to read a book with such a great message!!!!
0441172717|5.0|The death of Frank Herbert meant the loss of History's greatest Science Fiction writer.  To read Dune, is to embrace the wisdom and skill of Frank Herbert.  Dune tells a story that appeals to everyone through its politics,  environmental discussions, and religion.  Read Dune and feel the power  behind it.  I can only tell you that I re-read the entire Dune series evry  couple months and still find it as mystifying as ever.  Such a masterpiece  deserves a place on your shelf.
0670880728|4.0|I enjoyed this book as a fun, quick, easy read.  It was semi-laugh-out-loud and a little goofy, somewhat reminding me of myself---when I was 16!!
0399128964|5.0|This has to be the all time best book I have ever read. The detail is so great you feel as if you are actually there to witness everything. For those of you who have read this, I suggest finishing the trilogy. and for  those of you who have, then send some equally good books my way!
0395925037|2.0|When we think of Hitler today, it is hard not to see him as the man who led a nation to the brink of globe-spanning power and demographic revolution.  The Hitler who wrote Mein Kampf was not yet a grand figure,  but a rather pathetic racist demagouge who lacked an education, a knowledge  of history, and any well-formed, decent ideas.  By all means, read this  book if you are interested in the modern history of Europe, but understand  that this is not the work of a man who knew much about what he attempts to  describe.  Influenced not by reason and truth, but by absurd racial  philosophy, Mein Kampf is terrifyingly devoid of clarity.  That it became a  holy book of a national movement for twenty years is a testimony to the  unholy persuasive powers of the author and to the dreadful pathology of his  age.
0375707972|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book and didn't want to finish it.  48 hours ago I'd never even heard of the book and now I can't stop thinking about it.  It's difficult not to feel Michael's pain and wonder if he wished he'd done  things differently.
0783225792|5.0|It is by far one of the best mob movies since the original Godfather. The movie has some of the best performances by Robert Deniro, Joe Pesci, and Sharon stone.
B000001DZM|5.0|Mama mia, this CD should be compulsory listening at all parties. If people don't dance when its playing check their pulses and call an ambulance. If by chance they are still breathing tell them to go home to bed with a hot  cup of cocoa. Finally, I love the nightlife.................
0316236446|5.0|This book is wonderful for children (and the adults that receive their drawings).  I had this book as a child and rember spending days drawing entire worlds for my grandparents.  As with all Ed Emberley books it shows  that you do not have to know how to draw to draw.  This encourages children  to explore their creativity without worrying if their drawing look like  what they want it to look like.  I'm planning to buy this book for my  Spanish speaking god child, this is a book that goes far beyond the limits  of language.
0671891634|5.0|This book was reccommended to me by my stock broker, and I decided to read it because I knew nothing about investing. I was scared to get into investing for fear of losing money. I read this book, and learned how to  pick winning stocks, and since reading it,I opened an account, and I am up  75% since beginning investing in January 1998. the book is written so that  it is humerous at times, and not technical, it is written in lay terms. If  i can understand it, anyone can.
6303704603|5.0|Very interesting movie of one of the brightest minds in the 20th Century. It is not a traditional one, the sets are often very surrealistic. All we have is some &quot;imprints&quot; or scenes with an interpretation of the  life of this extraordinary thinker.
0887307396|5.0|Keep this one on your desk.<br />What makes it so compelling is that the research not only finds common denominators among the 18 visionary companies, but also differentiates between those companies and their  successful (but not *AS* successful) competitor firms.<br />Well-researched,  lucidly written, easy to read.  It's easy to recall the examples cited,  present their points, and apply them to make changes in your own  organiztion.
078322804X|5.0|This DVD is on a mission from God! The DVD transfer is one of the better transfers I've seen. The new 5.1 audio is excellent.
B000005RHR|5.0|A great album for dance parties. This album has some really nice dance rythems and sounds, with a twist of techno. If you like dance it is good. If you like techno it is even better.
0201626632|5.0|An excellent book for those wishing to pursue a career in scientific research. It offers a candid look at the obstacles researchers face and provides sound advice for those individuals desiring to be research  scientists despite the hardships. A quick, worthwhile read. I highly  recommend this book!
6305132984|4.0|The movie has been re-mastered with the colors very rich and excellent sound but if you are watching it on the new large high definition tv it is out of focus. <br />One of my favorite movies but only watch it on smaller  tvs.
0395759242|4.0|This book truly deserves the title of &quot;Secret History of the Congo&quot; for it fills in some rather resounding historical blanks with intriguing anecdotes. Just about everyone knows that Henry Stanley said  &quot;Dr. Livingstone I presume&quot; but how many were aware that he said  it in the course of an expedition which had as its covert purpose paving  the way for the grabbing of the Congo for King Leopold, or that Stanley  himself was a mass murderer who thought nothing of liquidating entire  villages of unthreatening natives? Equally invaluable are the discovery of  the long lost context for Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness, or telling the  tale of Morel, one of the forgotten heroes of the early 20th century, who  led not only the campaign to liberate the Congo from Leopold, but went on  to oppose Britain's futile participation in World War I, a campaign which  resulted in his imprisonment and ultimate death. Nevertheless, despite all  these relevations, the book fails to establish its central thesis. The  charge of &quot;genocide&quot; is never made to stick. Reading the book,  one is left with no doubt that tens, perhaps hundreds of thousands of  Congolese were killed in one way or another by the men of the heartless  King Leopold, but the demographic evidence underlying the claim that  millions died is sketchy in the extreme. The estimates of 10 million  Congolese before Leopold and 5 million after that are unexplained, and seem  to be nothing more than dead reckoning. Further, no attempt is made to  distinguish between deaths through killing and overwork on one hand, and  disease on the other. In the end we are left with the portrait of a man  amazingly indifferent to the sufferings and deaths he caused among  Africans, while at the same time exceptionally sensitive to his reputation  among Europeans. It is a brutal indictment of the insensitivity and  hypocrisy of colonialism, but offers little more than guesswork in support  of its claims of an African Holocaust.can Holocaust.
0375707972|4.0|The moral ambiguities and the Nazi connection certainly make this the most surprising book Oprah has ever chosen. I think that this book should be read together with Timothy Garton Ash's classic, THE FILE, as well as Jan  Philipp Reemtsma's very bizarre IN THE CELLAR. The Germans, they are some  people!
0784011796|5.0|Pi is a fresh new take on an age-old philosophical question.  Max has discovered a number that he thinks holds the key to every facet of life, and he beomes somewhat obsessed with it.  Mankind has often come across  complications when new knowledge is gained about life, and as Max finds out  along the way, he's in for more than he bargained for.  Pi's fast-paced  action and drama keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end, and  make you think about what numbers really have to do with the essence of  life.
0446310786|5.0|This popular book justly deserves the high praise it receives from critics and readers. In short, it is the last great novel. There hasn't been a truly great one since in my humble opinion. Too often nowadays writers  write with an eye towards turning the thing into a movie. And while a great  film was made of this, the novel stands squarely on its own as an important  American masterpiece. I like the fact that Harper Lee only wrote one novel.  What else could she do after this?
B000003TA4|5.0|WOW!!!
B000002VQQ|5.0|Now I breed and race my own Thoroughbreds that I raise on an Idaho ranch. I am a punk westerner owner/breeder who listens again, again, transported like when--no, now, better than the first time--I fell in love with this  album in 1976.<br />Interesting how many of the recent discoveries were  prompted by the Millenium tie-in. Want a triangulation of interesting  connections?? Go find Frank Black the singer (think Pixies, think ...and  the Catholics). Immerse and enjoy.
6305229449|5.0|This is the best thing Disney has come out with in years. Ignore everything between The Lion King and Mulan, because it was sub-standard, at best. I cried when I saw Pocahontas, it was such a step down, but I am glad  to see that Disney has gotten back on track. Let's hope they stay  there.<br />Mulan is not authentically Chinese, just as animation done in  China featuring Americans is not strictly American. Each society has inside  jokes that other societies do not share. The eggs-and-bacon smiley face in  Mulan's breakfast was an American joke, a child's breakfast for a warrior.  The family name for Mulan - &quot;Fa&quot; - might not be perfect, but give  credit where it is due, she was not reffered to as &quot;Mulan Fa&quot;.  Mushu reffering to Khan as &quot;Bessie&quot; is obviously an Anglo-Saxon  cow joke, which is brilliantly executed by Eddie Murphy. <br />All in all,  this was a fabulous film, with fabulous scenery, seamless animation, and a  great storyline.
0783222955|5.0|Whoever said &quot;color would be nice&quot; is sadly mistaken. This movie benefits hugely from the conscious artistic decision to film it in beautiful black and white, particularly in the terrifying scenes toward the  end. This is a very fine film adaption of the last great American novel.  I've often thought that the novel genre in general has suffered in recent  years, as authors write with an eye towards the screenplay. In this case  the novel was terriffic in its own right, and then the filmmakers followed  the book as closely as their allotted time would allow. The results are  fine perfomances and cinematography all around. Just great.
B000002BYD|5.0|This CD is by far the very best that Pearl Jam has put out to date.  The styles of each song are so diffeent, yet the entire album blends together with a flow not seen in many bands today.  Ed sounds awesome, Mike and  Stone work meloies around each other so well, they seem is if they are one,  Jeff keeps the rythym together flawlessly, and Jack brings the band a sound  not heard since the early days of Dave Abbruzzese.  This is a must buy for  anybody who has listened to rock music in the last thirty years.  This one  will stand the test of time.
6302732875|4.0|I first saw this on the big screen and again when it came out on the movie channels; I had the opportunity to recently view it again on video and  still enjoyed every minute of it. The performances of Jack Lemmon, Al  Pacino and Kevin Spacey alone, are enough to keep this film going. Top  notch all the way. Great insight into how far someone would go when they  are backed into a personal and professional corner.
B000003N7K|5.0|If I was stuck on an island and were to choose only one recording to have. This would be it.
6305263248|4.0|Reno and DeNiro were sensational together in this movie. They kept this movie interesting throughout without requiring expensive special effects and stuntwork like some other action movies try to do to sell.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I am so glad that she won 5 grammys ,she worked hard and she deserves it. Ilove her music!!
6303908306|4.0|Touche' Kevin Spacey
0441003257|4.0|Crawley is a great character!  A hip, up-to-date demon who does not really understand his fellow demons (nice artistry, but...); he and his angelic counterpart are in the same position as two Cold War agents, one CIA, one  KGB, after antagonizing each other for years -- home base is far away and  they know each other best.  There are some passages in this book that will  make you laugh out loud; there are others that will make you wonder just  where they meant the book to go.  It is that oddball form of Brit humour  that informs _Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_ and its ilk.  The end is a  bit of a let down, but the rest is fluffy and silly enough to keep you  going for quite some time.
078401213X|5.0|With perhaps one of the best scripts of the century, Pi delivers in a unique style and presents the viewer with more to think about than any other film of the year.  With an incredibly unusual approach to film (such  as the fuzzy black and white appearance throughout the entire film) the  director incinuates more than tells a story in Pi.  On the whole, Pi is one  of the greatest Independent films ever made, but a caution to the amature  movie goer - this film is NOT mainstream. Don't expect to find an enduring,  heartwarming film for the whole family - this one is for those who want to  take back something from their film going experience and not just sit and  blank out all thought.
1563890119|5.0|I always hated comic books -- there was nothing to them.  Gaiman changed my opinion.  The synthesis of art and word works to create an intense, ever-changing world of The Endless, not quite gods, not quite mortals, but  something more necessary altogether.  This is the beginning and, in some  ways, the weakest of the series, and yet it is brilliant (can I give 6  stars to some of the others???).  This is not a &quot;comic book&quot;;  this is literature in disguise.  Anyone interested in mythology, folklore,  pyschology, religion, and the Seven D's should read these books -- often!
B000001Y2U|3.0|If it wasn't for Trent, this record would only be worth about 2 Stars. The Beautiful People, Tourniquet, Dead to the World, the creepy Cryptorchid, Deformography, the Title Track and Man that you Fear are some good pieces  of music. M.W Gacys knob-tweaking and keyboards are a lot more effective  compared to those of Mechanical Animals.
B00000FCBC|5.0|METALLICA enough sai
0792151712|5.0|I think that this is the best movie in the whole wide world!!  It's so romantic and makes you feel good.
6301966562|5.0|Now, I am not one to often take a liking to romance stories, but I have to say this is one I have loved for years.  I first saw Electric Dreams when I was six and I have loved it and computers ever since.<br />Although some of  the situations (and technology at that) may seem far fetched, the problems  facing Miles, Edgar, and Madeline are ones that we all have faced sometime  in our lives.<br />All in all a great movie that you will not regret spending  an hour and half of your life on.
B00000613T|5.0|Boulez's performance of this oft-recorded work is absolutely stunning.  There is much detail (as is Boulez's wont) but lots of passion and meaning also. The adagio is so well done that it almost brings me to tears, which  belies the fact that Boulez is a cold, unfeeling conductor. With glowing  sonics and a top-notch performance by the Chicago Symphony, this CD  deserves its grammy for the best Classical Orchestral Recording.
B00000F14B|5.0|I must admit to being dumbfounded by Andrew's remarks concerning the quality of the DVDimage.  For a film made in 1962 it's spectacular.  Filmed in the Technirama wide-screen process, the negative ran sideways in the  camera (similar to VistaVision) and provided an incredibly sharp image.  I  did not see any of the video problems Andrew described. The Soundstage was  fine with the orchestrations very nicely done.  Preston, Jones, Ford et al  were having the time of their lives and it shows.  Although the direction  by Morton DaCosta is somewhat &quot;stagey&quot; the film is still a joy.
6305265488|5.0|This movie was one of the best I've ever seen.  I love the Cinderella fairy tale and this one was even better than I expected.  Drew Barrymore did a fantastic job capturing the true essience of her character.  AND  DIDN'T YOU JUST WANT TO HIT THAT STEPSISTER AND HER MOTHER!!!!!
0679720200|3.0|Yes- This is fantastic writing. Yes- The pacing, style, etc. are all great. I guess the idea is that you're supposed to see a bit of yourself in Mersault.  I just don't. Yes, I understand that he doesn't live up to  societies expectations.  That can be admirable.  Most literary heroes are  outsiders to some extent.  The trouble is not that Mersault has no respect  for society's rules.  The trouble is that he just doesn't care.  About  anything.  I care about stuff, therefore, I cannot even begin to identify.   Maybe Camus couldn't either.  Maybe he just found the whole thing really  funny.  Maybe this is just one novel-length riff from the world's most  misunderstood master of black humour.  That, I can identify with.
0670880728|5.0|This is an easy-to-read, feel-good book that makes you laugh out loud, especially if you're female and single. It takes a few hours to read, but makes you feel better for much, much longer.
B000002N2N|5.0|In a time when smacked-out spoiled brats Aerosmith and the comicbook cheap-jack mind-numbing Kiss ruled the American rock scene, the Ramones could be seen as nothing more than a freakish, absurd oddity. These guys  didn't look like rock musicians, they didn't look like stars, there were no  solos in their songs, and those all sounded alike anyway. &quot;What  gives?&quot; the trad-rock fan could only ask. Well, this is blistering,  pristine rock'n'roll played the way it was always meant: stripped down,  catchy as hell, and with a frightening roar. There was no self-indulgence  here! Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Tommy are in ear-splittingly fine form  here, at the top of their game. How anyone could resist &quot;Sheena is a  Punk Rocker&quot; or &quot;Rockaway Beach&quot; is beyond me. What  brilliance, what audacity, what a sense of humor. I'd rather listen to the  break in their version of &quot;California Sun&quot;--than any of those old  Kiss albums, that's for sure. Sounds like it was recorded five minutes ago.  A classic, with the best songs from their first three albums. Lately,  people ahve been talking about simple, &quot;great&quot; pop music of the  era, like Cheap Trick or Abba or (god forbid) the Bee Gees or Boston (to  pick some random names from the era), but nobody ever mentions that these  guys are as perfect as pop music gets. I swear to God, if it weren't for  the Ramones my life would be a lesser existence. All hail the mighty  Ramones! 1-2-3-4!!!
0316152196|2.0|My least favorite Connelly book. I think he's taken Harry as far as he can go.  The stopped-smoking and wife-leaving sub plots are boring, and the red herrings are too obvious.  The attempt to pull actual headline fodder into  the overall mix (OJ, JonBenet, etc) are too easy and seem manipulative.   Connelly can, has had done, much better.  &quot;The Poet&quot; &amp;  &quot;Blood Work&quot;, which were not about Harry, are much better plotted  and paced.
0140187537|5.0|As an avid reader of Steinbeck's works, DISCONTENT blew me away. While lacking the development of a breadth of characters, as we see in EAST OF EDEN and GRAPES OF WRATH, Steinbeck really captures the human spirit in the  character of Ethan Hawley.<br />While not as descriptive in the same way as  other Steinbeck novels, he makes up for this with great use of language.  However, there is no lack of description, and one gets a true picture of  what is going on. This book is a quicker read than other novels of similar  size, such as THE WAYWARD BUS, and is well worth ones time. It is an  incredible experience to see the mind of Ethan Allen Hawley at work.
B00000DHRX|5.0|As you can see I'm not the only one that feel that Ladies&amp;Gentlemen is a must have for anyone. George Michael's music truly touches the heart and soul. He definitely has pure talent and it shows on every song on this  compilation. If you haven't bought this album yet, you are truly missing  out. Can't wait for the video compilations on DVD until then I'll just keep  on funking...
0792151712|5.0|I thought James Cameron's Titanic was superb. The film was absolutley amazing.  It was able to maintain an air of suspense despite the fact that we already knew what was to come. The film combined romance, intrigue,  adventure, and history...I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Furthermore, after  seeing it I was inspired to learn more about the real Titanic and it's  maiden voyage. I read books, I looked information up on th Net, I asked  questions....The movie provided me with an excellent learning opportunity.
0064471047|5.0|I just finished reading this truly magical book aloud to my 4th graders.  I have never read a book that so deeply captivated them.  We're living in a time where, sadly, children have little experience with fairy tales.  This  book truly engages the child's as well as the adult's imagination and  heart.  This is definitely a book that all children must experience.  I  plan to read this to my own children once they're old enough.  I can't wait  to read the other six.  These characters and adventures remain in your head  all day!  This is just the glimmer of hope and innocence that today's  children and adults need so badly!
0375707972|5.0|I read a review of this book which interested me. After reading it, I loaned my copy to everyone I know who couldn't move fast enough to avoid me. Two local book discussion clubs selected it as their February choice.  Aside from the questioning of guilt and inocence, I was interested in the  issue of shame. We all have things in our past we would rather no one ever  finds out about. Very often it is something that another person would not  hesitate to discuss. The second person is hiding a fact that we would  consider inconsequential. The story is not embelished with unnecessary side  plots or characters. The writing is lean, thoughtful, and beautiful. This  is a wonderful book to read and a great book for a discussio group.   djohnson@gamewood.net
630529142X|5.0|I love Adam Sandler and he did a really great job in this movie.My friends and I all loved it.Even thought this movie is a comedy, it is also a love story.If you liked the wedding singer, then you are sure to enjoy this  movie!
B0000029DD|5.0|This album is best summed up by its title, &quot;Grace.&quot;  It is absolutely perfect, heart-breakingly beautiful, hauntingly sad.  Every time I hear the album, I want to cry.  His death was the most tragic loss in the  music community of the past decade.  His sultry voice will be missed and  his delicacy is sadly amiss.
0385493800|3.0|Not again.  The Street Lawyer and The Testament have both been sub-par.  Get back to the basics John!  How about something a bit lighter and more fun next time.
6300183971|5.0|Dune is actually happening today, in the Middle East. Without worms, but with the Spice (Oil). USA, beware for the messiah (read also Nostrodamus). The allegory with the islam is clear, even the names are real (jihad, etc.)   This epic Biblian story is wonderfull filmed, although the story itself is  a little bit shaky, because of the shortened version. A must for people  that want to experience more than science fiction. Negative for people that  want just have entertainment.
B000007UHK|5.0|If you like this (which I do), then you might also like &quot;Sonic Seasonings&quot; by Walter Carlos. But you'll have to look for it under &quot;Wendy Carlos&quot;!<br />Also try Phaedra, and Richochet.
B000002UB3|5.0|My goal is to get every Beatles album that I can get my hands on.  I have a lot of them, but this is the one I listen to the most!
6303908306|1.0|Who's Keyser Soze?  Isn't it obvious?  Not a very interesting movie.  The characters are unlikeable.  And the screenwriter obviously felt that inserting the maximum number of profanities would prove his 'hipness'.   Repulsive flick!
078401213X|5.0|Those who thought this film was stupid, I don't know, go watch a Sandra Bullock movie or something, nimrod.  Pi was easily the boldest, most original, most intellectually stimulating film of the past year.
6305268835|5.0|sandler plays a mentally challenged person that has the will to succeed and to protect his fortunes. it was so funny because, it kinda reminded me of myself.
B00000AFWW|4.0|When I first heard &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; on the radio, I thought &quot;Wow, that's a cool song, but I bet the rest of the Cd is just grunge.&quot; But I was wrong. I listened to the CD at a music store and on  the computer and liked it a lot. I know some people are disappointed with  Hole because they maybe aren't hard rock/grunge anymore, I feel like  Courtney has grown-up since their groups last CD. Sure, they might not have  the same edge as they used to, but this CD is still really good. It has  some 'adult-type' songs, but you have to admit once you listen to it that  it's good.
B00000251N|5.0|I had this recording and it was stolen when my apartment was broken into. I can't way to get it again.
B000002N2Z|4.0|I bought the deftones' second album (&quot;Around the Fur&quot;) first, but I actually prefer &quot;Adrenaline.&quot;  It's got the familiar hits (&quot;Bored&quot; and &quot;7 Words&quot;) and a few surprises.  I  especially groove with &quot;Root&quot; and &quot;Lifter.&quot;  The latter  is a powerful, haunting, and beautiful song--my favorite on the album.
B00000018N|5.0|This is better version of Aqualung (compared with the 25th Anniversary) The packaging is not quite as good as the 25th, but the sound is MUCH better.
0140157352|4.0|It's really not easy to imagine a more effective and better book about negotiation skills.  The authors reached very deep exploring the subject and, what's of the greatest value, with a beautiful simplicity: the whole approach is based on the common sense and reader can follow it intuitively.  It seems you that there is nothing especially new in the book, but only pieces are placed on their proper positions, so you can get the whole picture. That's why this book, no doubt, will further spread the help to millions, not only on how to negotiate but also how to think. Looking for the way to save us from ourselves, the author showed us one road. If not the unique one, it's one of the best in the right direction and one we could take in time -- now.<br />I found this excellent book during my research for writings provoked by the decade of Balcanian &quot;madness and badness&quot;, and after reading &quot;Beyond Machiavelli&quot;, which is turned primarily towards high diplomacy staff. I was really excited discovering so much the same thinking to my own. Nevertheless, I mean that things viewed &quot;from these shoes&quot; still ask some additional answers and methods to be added. I'd like to find enough time to try, and &quot;Getting to Yes&quot; remains one of my main supports. <br />Potential reader could be misguided by the subtitle &quot;Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In&quot;. Being there because of a mere overlook or because of marketing reasons, &quot;giving in&quot; sounds here as an absolutely unacceptable option. Instead, of course, giving in should become a normal step whenever we find out, even applying methods from this book, that our arguments are wrong. On the very same presumption lies any possible method to resolve conflicts peacefully. Well, it's only the subtitle; the book is written honestly, not as `tricks and tips on how to cheat the other side but not to give in'. <br />Let me hold up the fifth star for a better book, If I ever read some
B00000G3PA|5.0|This movie blows you away from the start, and the action and humor doesn't let up until the end.
0385493800|3.0|The first opening paragraphs were definitely attention grabbers but then started to drag. It was 10 times better than the preachy and guilt trippy Street Lawyer but definitely not his best. All in all it is worth reading.
0385333846|3.0|Vonnegut has a writing style that kept me going, but was unconventional enough to make me struggle a bit.  It had an unusual perspective on the war and the jumps in time made me dizzy.  I do wish to try another Vonnegut  novel.
B000007SIN|5.0|This masterpiece of sonic excellence is absolutely the most awesome recording I have ever experienced.  As a discerning audiophile for over 18 years, I have heard many excellent recordings on excellent equipment.  This  is by far, the finest example of audio engineering genius ever presented to  my ear...  a truly paramount eargasm.
0375707972|5.0|This is a wonderful book, extremely well-crafted and rather thought-provoking.  Ironically enough, it is probable that the literacy of those individuals who disliked the book is questionable at best.  Perhaps  these individuals should go back to reading their types of literary  masterpieces (such as Micheal Crichton and JOhn Grisham novels).  Oprah  does have an incredible amount of power.  Her endorsement guarantees great  success, yet while I dislike her show rather intensely, I have found that  the books she recommends are worth reading.<br />PS:  To the morons who post  reviews of books without reading them, do you realise how unintelligent you  sound?
0812550706|5.0|One of the greatest sci-fi novels ever, capped off with one of the greatest plot-twists ever. The next three books in the Ender cycle are far deeper and reflective. This book is great conventional sci-fi, although  highly unconventional in the sense that the primary characters are  &quot;children&quot; with adults filling out all of the secondary roles.   Enjoy.
0671799320|5.0|It is an masterpiece on the history of the oil industry, giving a complete account of the political factors that have affected the industry since its birth in Titusville, PA.
0425152251|4.0|I think his story is like a puzzle. Jostein Gaarder is not only a philosopher but also a wonderful story teller. This book is the best for the first step to philosophy. Everyone who reads this book will be made to  realize they have been in the rabbit's fur.We can travel in the history of  philosophy at ease with Sophie,a curious girl. Let's read and get out from  the rabbit's fur!
1573226521|4.0|This much talked about novel which is reminiscent of scenes from Lord of the Flies and has vague parralelisms from Apocalypse Now is an excellent debut for Garland.  Richard's fantasies and paranoias are cleverly  displayed through the use of Mr.Duck (especially in the last scene  appearing as the unforgettable Brando- oh the horror).   Tension is built  gradually to what a reader would expect to be a nail biting and dramatic  finale but this never materializes leaving the reader  somewhat  dissapointed. Leonardo is a big mistake- an American and a pretty boy!  I  would prefer someone like Ewan McGregor to take on the role.
0393307050|1.0|What a boring book!!  Having to read the other 16 or whatever books in the series would be like a punishment. Only reason I read this was that it was selected by our book club.  Aubrey and Maturin are not very profound or  complex characters.  I was not impressed with O'brian evolution of  characters - the arcane language gave the story a gloss but no substance.  This is like the Hardy Boys series for adults.
0783110928|5.0|Wow do I love this movie!!  It captures the true essence of needing to be loved.  Gia just couldn't allow herself to be loved; she believed she didn't deserve true devotion and love.  There was so much &quot;artificial  love&quot; surrounding her that she didn't know herself what &quot;true  love&quot; was.  I am so moved by this movie that I can't wait to buy a  copy.  I have rented it over 25 times since it was released on video.   Angelina Jolie did an excellent job and was so into her character.  I am so  glad that she won the Golden Globe for her performance.  She is awesome!!   I love how the movie made you look at life and not to take anything  forgranted.  Strive for your dreams and most importantly follow your heart.   I learned to rely on the people who love me and not to try and handle my  problems on my own.  Tell that special person that you love them; and  cherish everyday.  Go rent it today and you will be touched.
6303187064|5.0|I defintely recommend this one! It's the best movie i have ever seen! no more i can say, but just buy it!
0385043805|5.0|I have probably read hundreds of books in my life (a definite book-aholic) and Rebecca is my all-time favorite.  I re-read it at least twice a year and I never get bored with the story.  I believe that the reason why so  many people (read: women) love this book so much is they see a piece of  themselves in the story.  Everyone has, at some time, felt they stood in  another's shadow.  Everyone has, at some time, felt they were haunted by  memories.  Rebecca touches a universal chord in people. Masterpeice Theater  (PBS) did a wonderful production of Rebecca that can be purchased.  I  highly recommend viewing the presentation if you can find it on sometime.
0385493800|5.0|The Testament is a book that reflects much of what is wrong and a lot of what is right about human nature.  The characters are quite different from other John Grisham novels and this fact is quite refreshing.  There is  enough legal drama; however, the human aspect is the central focus.  Mr.  Grisham follows his usual format and veers away from gratuitous sex and  foul language.  He also treats spiritual renewal with an empathy that is  usually not apparent in other modern authors.  This is a great departure  for those of us wanting fresh, uplifting literature.
0385493800|4.0|I couldn't put it down; opened it on a Thurs. night and closed it Sun.  When I wasn't reading it, I found myself pre-occupied wanting to get back to the book.  Although fictional, the portrayal of the characters could  very well have been true.
0792151720|1.0|Titanic is a basically a movie for the helpless romantics.  Leonardo's wretched acting, the two-dimensional characters (boarding on one), the shear predictability of this movie, the soap-opearish dialogue, and pretty  much all of the other problems in this movie were covered up by the hype  and 200 million dollars.  DO NOT buy this movie.  Avoid it like the Ebola  virus.  Go watch a GOOD James Cameron movie like Terminator 2 or Aliens.
B00000AFWW|5.0|I bought this only having heard parts of the &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; single.  I thought the first half of the CD was fabulous!!  The second half didn't grab me quite as much, but I still enjoyed it.  One of my favorites  from 1998.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Every song on the CD is awesome! Lauryn Hill outdid herself on this cd.  The cd is rap, mellow, cultural, and R&amp;B.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I wasn't thrilled with this CD this first time I heard it.  But since I'm seeing Alanis is concert next week, I listened to the CD a few more times.  And it has definitely started to grow on me.  I think the middle songs  start to sound the same and there is nothing that really hooked me.  But I  enjoy at least half of the songs as much as anything on &quot;Jagged Little  Pill&quot;.
B000002HPT|3.0|After being amazed by &quot;Images And Words&quot; I must say that I was dissapointed by this release.  When did DT forget how to rock?  There are a few good tunes...&quot;Lines in the Sand&quot; and &quot;Anna Lee&quot;.   But the rest just hobble along without the magic of previous releases.   Mike's lyrics seem, at times, rather un inspired.  John P's lyrics are also  not up to par....is this the same guy that wrote &quot;The Killing  Hand&quot;?  The music sounds more like the Police....not enough aunch!  I  hope they aren't doing the 80's RUSH thing!  Skip this one if your not a  fan already.....Images and Words is a classic piece of progmetal!
0385493800|3.0|I was disappointed with The Testament.  It would have been an acceptable &quot;Just out of the box&quot; for a new author, but Grisham has given us intelligent situations and adventure.  He better watch out because if his  next is nothing but a rush to get a book out for $$, he'll loose most of  us.   The author to read is David Baldacci.  He has already surpassed  Grisham and he is consistently intelligent and full of original material.
B00000GAMF|5.0|If you ever wondered what it felt like to be in the presence of ghosts...buy this disc.  This is the best Steve H. era Marillion album...perhaps on of the best ever.  The CD booklet suggests to listen to  it loud with the lights out.....it should be a warning....If you don't have  tears in your eyes you are not trully alive!  &quot;Made Again&quot; will  rip your heart out and &quot;Living with the Big Lie&quot; will leave with  such a feeling of hoplessness you'll probably have to rest before finishing  one of the best albums ever made!  Radio should be ashamed for not putting  this on their rotation!
0783223218|1.0|Not the worst movie in the history of the Remake sub-category, but so close it can't be distinguished from its pitiful contenders.<br />See the original instead, which is really a delightfull thriller.
B00000GBO3|5.0|Take That &amp; Party, the debut album from british boy-band Take That is a strong debut album from a band who would soon reach world wide success.  It features more of a dance club feel than their later albums and spawned a  string of hit single including &quot;Promises&quot;, &quot;It Only Takes A  Minute&quot;, &quot;I Found Heaven&quot;, &quot;A Million Love Songs&quot;,  &quot;Once You Tasted Love&quot;, and the US club favorites &quot;Could It  Be Magic&quot; and &quot;Do What U Like&quot;.  The album features  singer/songwriter Gary Barlow on most tracks, but also features Robbie  Williams on key tracks.  At this time, fellow 'That-ers' Mark Owen, Howard  Donald &amp; Jason Orange were not singing lead on any tracks (I don't  think Jason ever did).<br />Besides the string of singles, the album features  many other noteworthy moments including &quot;Give Good Feeling&quot;,  which would later become an international success for Latino boy-band  'Magneto', the inspirational ballad &quot;I Can Make It&quot;, the light  hip-hop influenced &quot;Satisfied&quot; and &quot;Take That &amp;  Party&quot;, and the mid-tempo songs &quot;Why Can't I Wake Up With  You&quot;, and &quot;Never Gonna Let You Go&quot;.<br />The whole album from  start to finish and back to re-start, is superb.  The only track I didn't  much care for, and I haven't figured out why yet, is &quot;Once You Tasted  Love&quot;.  It's not that it's a bad song, but for whatever reason it just  rubs me the wrong way.  I have heard that the US version of this album has  different versions of &quot;Could It Be Magic&quot; and &quot;Why Can't I  Wake Up With You&quot;, but since I haven't had the opportunity to hear the  British version of this LP, I can't make comparisons.
0767802659|5.0|This is a great movie to sit back and enjoy, and at the same time see what it's like to experience heavy duty war propaganda.  All things being said, a real good flick.
B000002JSV|4.0|This is one of the best albums that AC/DC has made it's very close to be as good as Highway to hell. But ther is a song missing on the cd that is on my winyl record and I think the record company made a big mistake when they  excluded the best song on the album, namely &quot;Cold harted man&quot;
6305265666|5.0|This movie is by far, the most impressive DVD I have seen on DVD other than Zorro and The Truman Show. There is no bad language on this DVD like some were led to believe which is good if someone has children. The story  is played so much than any past Cinderella stories. Drew Barrymore has  certainly proved that she is worthy of an Oscar in this movie. This DVD  shines!
0064471837|5.0|This book is a rare find--an excellent combination of a well-developed, intriguing history, clear storytelling, and engaging characters.  This is definitely one of the best reads on the shelves.
6305181810|5.0|If anyone liked &quot;the Pelican Brief&quot;, &quot;A Few Good Men&quot;, or any court related movie. People will, more than likely, appreciate this John Grisham movie. Has anyone ever noticed how close Matt Damon's voice is  to Matthew McConaughey's voice in this movie. Anyways, Matt Damon plays a  very good role in this movie, as does Danny Devito. This movie shows how  real court life is, there is nothing flashy- it's very realistic. The  quality of the DVD is good, not the best, but certainly worth owning. It's  a dual-layer disc, but there is no noticeable layer change. Atleast I  haven't noticed. The audio is decent. A must have for John Grisham, Matt  Damon, or Danny Devito fans.
0920668372|5.0|My MOM had told us (her kids) about this book for years.  She explained that it was a touching story detailing the love of a mother for her child.  We always laughed when she told us it made her cry.  Until....my older  brother graduated from school.  A tough guy, with no need for family, he  wasn't close to our family.  After graduation, my mother gave him this book  as a present and left the room crying.  Confused, my brother read the book,  got tears in his eyes, got up and went to give my mother a hug.  It was the  greatest &quot;thank you&quot; she ever got.  It's now become a tradition  for all of us to get the book upon graduation.  Each time the gift is  received, we shed a few tears.
0375707972|5.0|Americans hold the firm belief that all Germans living during the Third Reich have been &quot;willing executioners&quot; and, given the chance, those living nowadays also would be. Never in a million years a  book  written by a German author dealing with the most German of all topics of  this century could even come close to a bestselling list in the US. Being  an Oprah recommendation means for a book that it is an easygoing read  totally lacking any depth.  Now, to my great astonishment, browsing through  the Amazon homepage, I found out that the &quot;Vorleser&quot;, as the  book's title is in its original language, has made it to the top of the  Amazon bestselling list, obviously due to a daring Oprah recommendation.   Can this be true? Isn't this only a practical joke of a computer kid  hacking in the Amazon homepage? If not so, this would mean that indeed  postwar Germany is being regarded and treated as a &quot;normal&quot;  country, something Germans of my generation (born in the Sixties) always  dreamt of but never thought of being possible to come true. Then, we would  not object to some of our most dear prejudices on Americans being shattered  with a mighty bang. By the way, in Germany the book was quite a success but  never reached any top positions and did not create any public discussion of  the kind as it started in the Amazon reviews and probably in the American  public. I still cannot believe it !!!!
B000002O3I|5.0|if it was possible, this double album would get six stars out of five.  the first half of the album contains most of the wolf's well- known songs, but it is the second half of this album which really sears and soars.   wolf's voice is beyond description, and the guitar playing of both willie  johnson and hubert sumlin is loud and vicious.  it is hard to believe  anything this distorted and nasty was recorded in the early fifties.  this  album shows what a talent the wolf was.
6305265488|5.0|The acting is wonderful, the script is cleverly written, and the sets are beautiful.  On top of that, it is a romance not totally laden with dripping sicky sweetness that makes you choke, this one has depth.  This is the only  movie I have ever liked enough to see in theatres seven times before it's  video release.  A wonderful movie!
0517543052|4.0|I have never read this book. I go to it when ever I find myself at some kind of personal impasse, depressed, or stymied any kind of activity in life. I go to the middle section, sometimes near the front, sometimes near  the middle, and begin reading.  I have NEVER gone  to the end.  At some  point I discover I have the motivation, insight, understanding, or  emotional &quot;up&quot; to get on with my life.  I put down the book and  do it.<br />My own religious background is evangelical Christian.  This book  has a strong Hindu background and the fatalism of the Hindu religion  usually repells me.  But this book is different. The first and third  sections are good basic guides on what an honest &quot;good&quot; person  owes themself and society, and how to work off this debt in an efficient  manner.  When I first read it, I was struck by the obviousness of the  observation that if you want to play good tennis, you go out and seek to  play with tennis players who are better than you; if you want to improve  your spiritual life, hang out with spiritually better people.<br />And cook  books are useless if you never get out in the kitchen and cook.
B00000HZFH|5.0|I had been anticipating the follow-up album to Perfect From Now On which had a hand in shaping so many peoples lives including my own. This album has not left my side since I got it.  It is the perfect friend who wakes me  up in the morning and puts me to sleep at the end of the day. If it could  only be explained in words how trully amazing this album is. Positively  equal if not better to P.F.N.O. that makes an incredably wonderful album of  new wave spychological rock. Just listen and exhorb.
0345363132|3.0|Yes, Shakespeare's Richard is hard to belive, but equally so is Penman's, who is too much a victim of circumstance and overzealous followers. I can't believe that one of the King's followers would kill the Prince's without  his desire or knowledge, unless he was very weak or very stupid. All of the  other murders are protrayed as accidents which Richard laments as well. On  the other hand, most of the writing was good and you can really get into  the story.
B000003N7K|5.0|The calm and soothing interplay of saxaphone and voice is something rare today.  The notes are faultless as you might expect with Coltrane but the synergy between the singer and musician is so good that one is continually  surprised by the soft and very touching pleasantness of what they do  together.
630518299X|5.0|I really enjoye this movie. Truman is a studio Born baby as he grows up with actors and his best frien d even turns out to be an actor for Christof,(Ed Harris Apollo13, The Right Stuff) director of the Truman show.  Hey you should see it. pretty Damn good
0393312836|5.0|I'm an author and English MA and am about to use this book as a text in my Intro to Literature class. Its strong writing style, quick pace, and social-commentary-between-the-lines made it a favorite for years. The  slang, derived from Russian, also helped immensely when I took Russian 101.
078401020X|5.0|Although a couple of years old now it is still a memorable movie. When I bought it on DVD I was a bit dissapointed because of the lack of extensive bonus materials, but then you start up the movie and you are again immersed  in the twisting plot. With that very special camera-work of Jan De Bont of  Speed and Twister fame.
B000002KOQ|5.0|If at some distant point in the future, another world or civilization looks back at the bad and terrible things which human beings brought forth during their time on earth, Joni Mitchell's Ladies of the Canyon is one  item which can make all humans proud.  Solo creation of all the music and  lyrics, almost all of the instruments and vocals.  It almost seems too  perfect, too moving.
0060977493|1.0|Roy has shamelessly portrayed characters that certainly do not represents the average Indian family. the average Indian woman and that too a mother of two kids does not go around making love with other men nor do the  average siblings have love affairs between them. she should be ashamed of  how she has presented her culture to the rest of the world.
0792153294|1.0|If anybody told me the topic of the film before I saw it, I could have guessed 95% of what will happen. Predictable as it is, it offers no excitement whatsoever. And I also think that the Black president is just  too much. I would like to see that happen! Everything else is just like I  wrote in my summary: America is the saviour of the Earth (especially the  incredibly intelligent president), no one else can do anything and is just  standing by waiting for the miraculous saving. I am just surprised that the  Russian member of the space ship crew was not ridiculed as they usually are  in American movies. If you really have to (somebody is pointing a gun at  you)go and see this &quot;film&quot;.
B000005H3R|5.0|This album brings back what most new jazz artist lack. The warm feeling that each song was composed for this singer. It contains three generations of jazz icons that have influenced jazz as we know it. Not many artist can  give you the feeling of big band yet stay fresh and true to ones self. Miss  Reeves has mastered this art on this project.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Thom Yorke's end-of-millennium worldview, haunting melodies, poetically charged lyrics, and delicate, sinuous voice combine to create the finest rock recording I've heard in many years. As an ardent jazz listener, it  takes a lot to turn my head, but OK Computer sounds as tightly integrated  and multivalent as Miles Davis in his Sketches of Spain period. Every  nihilistic dig is counterbalanced by a winning note of redemption. In the  end, the enduring power of OK Computer is the utterly convincing and often  powerfully moving case it makes that redemption from our overdetermined,  chaotic, and invasively commercial world is still possible if we remain  awake to what makes us feel most alive.
0446310786|5.0|Our class had to read it as an assignment and i thought i wouldnt enjoy it cause i really dont like reading but i ended up reading it three times!!!! IT WAS THE BEST BOOK I EVER READ!!!!!!
078322804X|5.0|Outstanding DVD transfer of a remarkable film
0767809246|1.0|I seem to be in the minority, but I thought this was absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever seen; sloppy with the sort of sentimentality that passes for art these days, it was predictable and contrived.  Although  you'll be tempted to watch it with pubescent kids (being a rite of passage  movie, supposedly), be aware that you will be inundated with gratuitous  profanity; not a line is uttered without adornment by the &quot;s&quot; or  &quot;f&quot; word (the latter not even historically accurate, since no one  said &quot;f&quot; in the '50s).  Amid all the unpleasantness, there's a  particularly unpleasant mass vomiting scene (this is our comic relief, if  you wish to react like a savvy movie-goer by snickering appreciatively at  this point in the movie).  I cringed the entire two hours.  It's beyond me  how the critics &quot;stood by&quot; this quacker, unless it was out of  misplaced affection for the fledgling director.  Choose another.
B000007NWI|5.0|I have to give this record 5 stars.  Not because Roger Keith &quot;Syd&quot; Barrett lost his abilities or his mind, but because for a short time you could hear true Artistry.  However sad the story is,  everyone knows the nature of the record industry.  Syd was a natural  musical and vocal talent, in my opinion surpassing other artists of the  time.  <br />Opel is a collection of Syd's work at the end of his musical  career.  It is gritty, rough and downright unpolished.  But under the  mistakes, flaws and noise you can hear the brilliance that you can't find  anywhere else.  A true ability to create songs of a magnitude unattainable  by anyone else.  <br />Listen to &quot;Opel&quot;.  It's ringing starkness  reverberates his eminent end, but leaves one triumphant at the conclusion.    Songs like &quot;Birdie Hop&quot; drip that playful loathing in common  with other songs on Opel.  &quot;Milky Way&quot; is simply a great song  relying on that shuffle beat that exemplifies Syd's best work- glorious!   And one more, &quot;Swan Lee&quot; sounds strong alone, but I always  imagine what could have been, given colaboration by Syd's Pink Floyd.   Another Gem of a song.  <br />Frankly, if you don't own and appreciate this  one, you have a serious hole in your collection.
0385493800|3.0|I had high hopes starting out with The Testament. I had read some excellent reviews on it and hoped that Grisham was perhaps finally getting back to the superior books he wrote in the first half of the nineties.   This is far from that.  It is good. It's just far from the caliber of The  Firm, The Pelican Brief, or my personal favorites: A Time to Kill and The  Runaway Jury.  The story tends to lag in places, and Rachel's character  isn't developed enough.  Overall, though, the book was a satisfying read.   I just wish he could somehow capture what he had in the early nineties.   Being a Christian, I did appreciate the subplot of spiritual renewal.
B000006OAM|5.0|I love this CD, it is now up there with &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy.&quot;  It has not been out of my CD player since I got it
6301236947|5.0|U2 at their best!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is truly a real piece of art. Thom Yorke's sad yet soothing voice mixed with an outstanding array of guitar and drums makes for an awesome album, everything on this album is great and you can get little  hints of inspirations from older bands (Beatles, Led Zepplin). I got this  album over a year ago and i am still listening to it, pick this one up  right away! A real masterpiece! RADIOHEAD ROCKS!
0783219172|5.0|Do not be deceived in thinking that it is a typical Micheal J. Fox movie.  This is one of his best films yet.  This film has everything in it:  suspense, drama, horror, and humor.  It keeps you guessing right up to the  ending with twists and turns.  It is one of those films that you never want  to end.
B000002LH5|5.0|I bought this album about 10 years ago,and i still enjoy listening to as  much as when i first got it!Probably my favourite album of all time even  though i love things a bit heavier!
B000000WCA|5.0|My name is Miles Feinberg. I find the spice girls' blend of varities stimulating in all senses, GIRL POWER!!!! Also, they're real &quot;foxy chicks&quot;!!!!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|a very good cd with very good songs
B0000085N4|5.0|I bought this album about 10 years ago,and i still enjoy listening to as much as when i first got it!Probably my favourite album of all time even  though i love things a bit heavier!
0767805712|5.0|This is a great movie. A true triumph of the human spirit. Easily one of Ethan Hawkes best films. The DVD also contains some deleted seens that are pretty good.
6304178352|4.0|I can't fault the musical itself at all; it is perhaps the greatest ever written. However, I fear this film version sometimes seems a bit leaden, despite its lavish production. Old greats Rex Harrison and Stanley  Holloway, having done it to death on Broadway for years, sometimes seem to  be going through the paces, and Audrey Hepburn, alas, is no Julie Andrews  in this role. (Though at least Julie got to go and make &quot;Mary  Poppins&quot; while this was being filmed.) Some musical numbers are  dragged out too long by Hollywood's attempt to turn them into big dazzling  numbers. Of course it's hard to ruin this great show, and it's always fun.
0375707972|5.0|Having grown up in postwar Germany, as a German, I only gradually learned of the terrible history of the war and the crimes of the Holocaust. Naturally, this raised many doubts and questions in my mind as to where my  loyalties should lie. How can I accept that this horror touched everyone's  lives and only a few were willing to stand against it? This book deals with  exactly the same problem - a young man falls in love with an older woman  with a secret past, later revealed in the book as a Holocaust crime. How is  he to reconcile his feelings for her with his abhorrence of her actions?  This book is a relevant and necessary read for anybody who has ever asked  him/herself questions like these. It is not a book to be read when one only  has a few minutes here and there. Its soul-searching essence is revealed  through careful and thoughtful reading.
0385493800|3.0|I enjoy Grishman's style and have enjoyed reading all his works.  I usually find myself speeding through wanting to absorb it as quickly as possible.  Although The Testament is a plesant read, one can put it down  and get back at ones convenience.  Not my idea a a great book.
0800141326|1.0|I'm sorry I bought this video.  I don't know what I was thinking.  This was a horrible production.
6304145225|5.0|This movie is the movie that I grew up with, and to this day its still the best movie of all time. This movie has wonderful combat scenes,acting humor and action.  However I have found a few mistakes.  When Maverick is flying  with Sundown, Sundown's helmet has his call sign on it and when they're  walking it doesn't.  Also at the end when Maverrick is talking with Ice man  on the aircraft carrier Maverick has his sunglasses off.  When he gets  picked up they miraculassly are back on, the little details always get you.
6305229449|5.0|Disney's MULAN is an excellent film, either on the big screen with the charge of the Huns rattling your bones; or on video, with Mulan's father having more faith in his daughter than she herself does. I agree with other  reviewers that Disney should release a widescreen version of the film --  that's the first thing I looked for when I found out it was out on video.  Even so, I've watched the movie easily a dozen times since I bought the  video. The scene with Mulan leaving the doll with Shang's sword was also  touching. All in all, DEFINITELY better than Pocahontas or Hercules.
B00000BKDW|5.0|The time: Christmas 1984. I was 14 years old and wanted to be an Iron Maiden fan so bad I'd been hanging pictures of them in my room before I even ever listened to 'em. So with my Xmas money in hand I got my mom to  take me to the mall, and there I bought &quot;Powerslave&quot; and  &quot;Number of the Beast.&quot; I can still remember dropping the needle  into the groove, waiting for my first-ever exposure to this band I so  desperately wanted to like.... Of course the first thing I heard was  &quot;Aces High.&quot; I was hooked. It was so invigorating, so fast,  heralding a new era in my life. And then Bruce began singing. Whew! I loved  it. They were my first favorite band. I sat for hours, poring over the  esoteric mysteries hidden in the beautiful, stunning cover by Derek Riggs.  (You can't see it anywhere but on the original vinyl cover, but in one  place on the pyramid it says &quot;Indiana Jones was here.&quot;) &quot;Two  Minutes to Midnight&quot;--brilliant, cutting, intense lyrics; the bright  gallop of &quot;Big 'Orra&quot; and the two swordplay tunes, &quot;Flash of  the Blade&quot; and &quot;The Duellists&quot; have some terrific guitar  interplay. But of course the masterpiece was the longest metal song I'd  ever heard (that anybody'd ever heard) &quot;The Rime of the Ancient  Mariner.&quot; (I'm listening to it right now!) Good God, it just blew away  all that phoney-baloney D&amp;D mysticism of Dio, Sabbath and a million  other metal bands because it was based on REAL visionary poetry. I got a  book of Coleridge's poetry from the library and was probably the only kid  in my high school who'd bothered to actually read poetry after that. And I  swear to God, the roaring mad crescendo after Bruce screams, &quot;And then  down in falls comes the RAIN!!!&quot; is one of my fave musical moments  ever. I see the waves crashing over the ship, the terrified Mariner, all  the horrors of the sea loosed.... (And, if anything, the live version of  this on &quot;Live After Death&quot; is BETTER!) What great melodic,  soaring, vivid solos from Smith/Murray. O bliss and gorgeosity my brothers!  When stupid, lazy people condemned Maiden for being Satanic, I whpped out  this song/poem and quoted them the last lines: &quot;The Mariner's bound to  tell of his story... to teach that we must love all things that God  made.&quot; Being the ignorant God-fearing fools that they were, they'd  have no idea what I was talking about. I remember one hapless idiot at my  church youth-group (God this was a long time ago) getting all huffy puffy  because I tried to explain to him that Egyptian mythology was not, indeed,  inspired by Satan, because it had happened thousands of years before  Christianity. I was probably 15 then! Man, I was a serious fan. Yeah, the  title track is perhaps Bruce's finest moment, a real creepy &quot;Twilight  Zone&quot; story, complete with an Egyptian-style riff and evil sound  effects. This album is so good, so much better than &quot;Piece of  Mind&quot; and a little better than &quot;Number of the Beast.&quot; But,  to my amazed ears, they would top it, two years later, with the cosmic, SF  mysticism of &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;....Live After Death&quot; is BETTER!) What great melodic,  soaring, vivid solos from Smith/Murray. O bliss and gorgeosity my brothers!  When stupid, lazy people condemned Maiden for being Satanic, I whpped out  this song/poem and quoted them the last lines: &quot;The Mariner's bound to  tell of his story... to teach that we must love all things that God  made.&quot; Being the ignorant God-fearing fools that they were, they'd  have no idea what I was talking about. I remember one hapless idiot at my  church youth-group (God this was a long time ago) getting all huffy puffy  because I tried to explain to him that Egyptian mythology was not, indeed,  inspired by Satan, because it had happened thousands of years before  Christianity. I was probably 15 then! Man, I was a serious fan. Yeah, the  title track is perhaps Bruce's finest moment, a real creepy &quot;Twilight  Zone&quot; story, complete with an Egyptian-style riff and evil sound  effects. This album is so good, so much better than &quot;Piece of  Mind&quot; and a little better than &quot;Number of the Beast.&quot; But,  to my amazed ears, they would top it, two years later, with the cosmic, SF  mysticism of &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;....
6304504012|5.0|Great cinematography, editing, and direction of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical. Great story with very good acting from Antonio Bandaras and Madonna.
B000002AQQ|5.0|Un-freakin-believable. Definatly a must have for anyone who appreciates good music from days of yore.
B0000000LI|5.0|I have to admit it, I didn't think I would like Yanni's music - but that was before I heard it. The music on this disc takes me to the far corners of the world and to depths of emotion that truly touches my soul. I got to  meet Yanni at one of his concerts in Cincinnati. This disc really captures  the energy and magic of this very unique artist. Don't let that &quot;New  Age&quot; category that some folks throw him into fool you. This is great  music.
0679441018|4.0|This book is different from all the other Vampire Books Anne Rice has written. While it is a little slow once pace picks up it is incredable. While the plot is not of the norm is answers the questions that Lestat has  had all along... A great addition to the series!!
B000002UW1|5.0|This was in my mind the end of the band as we knew it.  Document is a great album, not just a warm up for their major label product.  &quot;Finest Worksong&quot;, &quot;Disturbance at the Heron House&quot; and  &quot;King of Birds&quot; were brilliant, lyrically and musically.  If you  didn't see these guys by the time they made &quot;Green&quot;, you missed  out big time.
0525244581|5.0|It was really interesting how he intertwined the personalities of the Pooh Bear characters with the basic principal of Taoism.
6304366078|5.0|Grand Prix is far and away the best racing movie ever made.  Although, by today's standards the cars may seem archaic and the plot just a tad predictable, it still ranks as a technical masterpiece.  Many of the  techniques employed by Frankenheimer are still considered state of the art.   Michel Legrand's soundtrack is a superb example of scoring a movie without  overpowering the plot or visuals.  The acting is excellent with an  especially noteworthy performance by Garner as the overly competitive  American driver and Montand as the disenchanted French Driver.  Both have  parallels in today's Formula Circuit.  This movie proves that a good actor  can be a good racer, but a good racer is not necessarily a good actor.   Note the cameo appearances of the late great Graham Hill.   The only movie  I have seen that even comes close to Grand Prix in terms of cinematic  excellence in this genre is Le Mans with Steve McQueen.
B000002P2V|1.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  I've always loved the Who.  I loved `em as a teenager during my classic rock period, continued to listen to `em during my punk/post-punk discovery period, and shelled out mega-bucks to rediscover  their work when it was reissued on cd in the late 1990's.  But, through it  all, I have continued to hate this wretched album.  Townshend, while  claiming an affinity for the Pistols, the Clash, and the other British punk  bands at the time, found himself utterly unable to write anything remotely  exciting or relevant to the times; the closest he came is \\"Sister Disco,\\" a  fun but shallow dig at late 70's disco culture.  The irony of Townshend  penning such a dreadful, overly-orchestrated piece of garbage as \\"Music  Must Change,\\" while proving himself incapable of doing so, cannot be  missed.  (Oddly enough, Townshend still had a good deal of noteworthy  songwriting left in him at this point, but he was obviously saving the  better work for his solo career.)  While early masterpieces such as \\"Baba  O'Riley\\" and \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\" showed the band integrating the  synthesizer as a novel but unobtrusive new instrument in the rock arsenal,  this album`s synthesizers are painful and seem intended to cover up for the  uninspired musical performances.  No doubt some of the musical shoddiness  stems from the non-presence of the drunk &amp; bloated Keith Moon, who died  tragically (but not unpredictably) around the time of this album's release.  True, being a great band with a legendary songwriter at its helm, the  album is not without its virtues -- \\"Guitar and Pen\\" is a fun confessional  ditty, and Entwistle's test-tube-baby anthem \\"905\\" has some dorky charm to  it.  But even the energetic title track, a classic rock mainstay, is at  best an overly-dramatic  testosterone-fueled Zeppelin wannabe, the boys in  the band trying to sound less lifeless than they obviously were.  While Who  fans may contest this, the much maligned &quot;Face Dances&quot; (recorded  after the band regrouped with Kenny Jones replacing Moon) was a significant  improvement.orded  after the band regrouped with Kenny Jones replacing Moon) was a significant  improvement.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I know that I'm one of many, but I just have to say that this album rocks, and has a very smooth, cool beat!  Lauryn Hill rocks!
B000001TAX|5.0|This c.d. is roots. The Congos are one of roots reggae's greatest bands. Their beliefs about Rastafari can be seen in this c.d. as well as in all their other c.d.'s. I especially liked the song Fisherman, but all their  other songs are equally as good. If you like their c.d.'s, wait till you  see one of their concerts.
0440211727|3.0|Good book. Plausible storyline and characters you really get involved with (I particularly liked Judge Noose, although Ellen's main function seems to be to provide the glamour), and if the pace seems to flag a bit at times,  then see in the author's reportage style the languorous effect of Southern  dog days. Through the main theme of the book - the revenge killing of two  white rapists by a black father - Mr Grisham skilfully weaves other strands  of his tale (and  with a nice degree of dry humour): domestic tensions,  local politics, legal in-fighting, corruption, jury-rigging and so on. My  main moan is that I'd like to have seen less boozing in the latter stages  of the book and a lot more made of the trial (that should have been the big  build-up, but it came and went rather quickly), although it has to be said  that the verdict scene - whether you agree with it or not - is genuinely  moving. Also, there are three questions I want to know the answer to at the  end of the book:<br />1. What happened when Jake told Carla about their  house!? (I don't imagine she'd be too pleased,  but I guess she would stand  by her man.) 2. Did Ellen recover, as hinted at? (p.459) 3. Did Barry Acker  escape the retribution of the Klan?<br />I think we should be told!<br />Like him  or loathe him, Mr Grisham always succeeds in getting his readers thinking  about various moral issues in his books, and in this respect alone he's  streets ahead of the competition.
0385484518|5.0|Similar to other readers, I was given a copy by a dear and trusted friend.  There has not been a more simple and elegant treatise on the nature of man and his spiritual existence.  On what it means to be part of the feared and  often misunderstood circle of life.  This book transcends all religious  boundaries and delves into the meaning of what defines being human.  Brief  and eloquently written, it may be the most reflective 2 1/2 hours of  reading one can experience.  I cannot thank my friend enough for sharing  this book with me.
B00000BKDY|5.0|There is an Iron Maiden video (circa 1985) called &quot;Behind the Iron Curtain&quot; in which a seemingly drunken Bruce Dickinson tells a fan: &quot;you can't play heavy metal on a synthesizer.&quot; Well, Bruce was  wrong. He and his bandmates proved this with 1986's Somewhere In Time.  Oddly, while Dickinson himself is not credited with authorship of a single  song on the album, it is perhaps his finest vocal effort. The true genius  of the album, however, lies in the guitar playing of Adrian Smith. He  shines, on every track, but Alexander the Great deserves special mention.  In a single minute of guitar playing, Smith outflashes Van Halen or Vai,  AND plays with more soul than Clapton or Beck at their best moments. That  he had anything at all left in him for Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (my  vote as THE greatest album recorded anywhere, anytime, by anyone, ever) 2  years later is a minor miracle. That he surpases his SIT performance on the  album, well that's just spooky!
6305229449|5.0|I would recomend this movie for all ages!!!!!! MUSHU the dragon makes the movie 1000 times bettere even though i am 11 I recomend this movie to every body out there. it has a great story behind i think your kids will get alot  of good education from it. IT IS WORTH BUYING VEARY VEARY FUNNY. ALY YANT  11 YEARS ASHLAND OR
0784011796|5.0|I was extremely skeptical when our Calculus teacher told us to go see a movie called Pi for extra credit, but from the second that the movie started, I knew that it was the best movie I had ever seen.  The film shows  you just how much can be done on a 20k budget.  This movie has been in my  head ever since I saw it, and it's been quite some time now.  The film  takes a brilliant look at genius and the madness that often accompanies it.   This movie, though, is not for everyone.  I've heard some people  complaining about what a dumb movie it was, but that just goes to show how  different it is.  I would also not reccommend it to the weak of heart  because of some disturbing scenes.  These scenes are essential, though, to  the plot development.  I know it sounds corny and typical, but this movie  is by far the best one I have ever seen, mainly due to its originality and  artistry.
0783230621|5.0|For months upon months people with DTS recievers could only listen to music in DTS. Now our prayers have been answered. Dante's Peak is a Great movie that really lets you feel what DTS is all about, less compression and  better sound than 5.1. This is a MUST buy. Action, Sound and satifaction.  Thanks Univeral, now I hope everyone will follow your lead.
0385493622|5.0|I really enjoyed this little book. It is an excellent survey of number theory and the history of mathematics. Its truely easy to read, full of suspense and mathemetical riddles. But its not only about numbers and  science; its about the people that do mathematics. Therefore it is a  science thriller containing passion, tragedy, genius and success.
0446310786|5.0|The book is told from the point of view of an eight-year-old child who doesn't realize much about her society. It takes us into a world where discrimination is an everyday thing, and people are helpless to stop it.  It's powerful in the way that the view is unbiased; the young girl telling  the story is unaffected by the racism that controls most of the adults. The  book really reflects upon the problems in our own neighborhoods that we  neglect all the time. It's so commonplace that only when we see the story  through the eyes of someone who is still innocent that we truly realize  what society has become. It's a strong book that will leave a massive  impact on the way we see our world.
B000001Y5X|5.0|This is Mansons best album, next to antichrist superstar. I would recomend buying this!!
0609603086|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It is unlike most of Follett's work but the story and the premise kept the pages turning.  The locale was also interesting (being from the Bay area originally and in the earthquake of  1989) and the technology seemed credible.  Highly recommend.
6305268835|5.0|Best Sandler in a long time, funnier than Gilmore and Madison, if you can get this, get it now.
015650300X|5.0|I also read Le Petit Prince in my classe de francais, and I truely enjoyed it.  It was exciting for me to read a book in a foreign language.
B00000DLUV|5.0|I saw the HBO special and I was blown away! I went and purchased this CD. INCREDIBLE! The Bee Gees are in top form, and the vocals and harmonies are AWESOME! I think Barry's falsetto vocals are  absolutely FABULOUS! All of  my favorites are here, and the new stuff as well. The bee gees still sound  great. I urge you, GO OUT AND BUY THIS AT ONCE! It's money well spent.
B000002U6E|5.0|When I first bought this album, I only bought it for one song, but again everything grows on you. This album is constantly stuck to my mind, and &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; is always ringing. If you haven't heard any  of their other album's, check them out. They are just as mesmerising as  this one.
B00000292K|5.0|This album is scathingly ironic because it was received coldly by the public, and was out of print for quite a while which is absolutely blasphemous and obscene considering the incredible explosion of energy  within this pulsating piece of euphoric musical genius. I can not think of  too many other examples of musical masterpieces that broke tradition and  reestablished the art form. If this album is not in your collection of  Miles then you do not know his music.
6303443214|5.0|When i first saw the movie, I bought the book the same night.  I have to say, the movie kicks the pants off of the book. The darkness and drearyness of it was spectacular to me.  I bought the movie a year ago, and it rarelly  leaves my VCR.  This one is a keeper for sure!
B000002KCI|5.0|There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that this is his recovery album. After the turbulence of his earlier years, this is a fomentation of Neil's identity. That is a long stretch, but the tracks such as Pardon My Heart  and Lookin for a Love are precisely who Neil Young is, a common ordinary  man who I can identify with, and yet he is always free spirited. I would  have to say it is guy oriented.
6304117272|5.0|The original release of this film is great, but come on, what was the purpose of the aliens? Well, James Cameron finally decided to tell us. Going back and restoring the missing footage, he gives an unbelievable and  extrodinary 3 hour adventure. For the first time, this movie makes sense.
0425152251|4.0|A Cliff's Notes for Western thought hidden behind the plot from a Jorge Luis Borges short story. For a more thought-provoking story, in 500 fewer pages, check out Borges' Las Ruinas Circulares.
B0000065PD|5.0|The new &quot;Stargate&quot; certainly is incredible. Even though some of the edited scenes are questionable as to why they were removed, they make the movie better. The beginning is totally altered, revealing the truth  behind the stargate. Also it is only available in the widescreen  format...that's a definite plus!!!
0780623134|5.0|Truly one of the greatest twists in the history of film. A pleasure to watch EVEN until the story makes its delightful triumph. Great cinematography. I could wathc this film over and over.
B00000HZFP|5.0|Saw the musical last year and seeing it again next month.  This is terrific music with melodies that stick with you for a long time.  The show should be seen by everyone who likes great musical theater.
0800128052|5.0|This film is a must see for any sports fan and for that matter, anyone with a heart! The true story of Rudy and his dream to play football for Notre Dame goes beyond just sports, but shows that whatever the odds your  dream can come true. This movie will make you laugh and cry. You will find  your heart aching through each obstacle Rudy faces and the exciting climax  at the end when Rudy realizes his dream, will fill your heart with joy. You  will walk away from this movie with the feeling that you have just  accomplished something great. A must see heartwarming fantastic movie for  all.
B000002KJM|5.0|This is ZZ at their best! Before they sold out and started wearing the rhinestones! Squank and Just Got Back From Baby's and Backdoor Love Affair are the REAL ZZ Top!!
B000000W9Z|4.0|The first time I heard it, except for the title tract, I promptly put the thing away and didn't give it a full and complete fair hearing.  (I think the computer generated voice interludes--let's call them  &quot;interludes&quot;--were an immediate turn-off and incited in me this  reaction) Afterwards, I put it on from time-to-time, skipping the  interludes, and found I really liked some of the songs.  Upon repeated  listenings, I've decided that most of the songs are really quite  exceptional.  It took a while, but now I really like this album.  At the  risk of sounding repetitive, the interludes--harsh and discordant--prevent  the listener from getting to know sooner Bowie's refreshing, innovative and  wonderfully different songs; otherwise, I would have given Outside five  stars.
1885283148|5.0|One of my favourites. The best book written by an astronaut and one of the best about the space program. Too often out of print.
0792839749|5.0|The Movie of all time is back with digitally remastered and Dolby Digital, so stay back on your seat, please don't panic it have raped your by a shokewave so see it on DVD .
B000000WZ4|5.0|A mature album that shows DM can change with the times and still maintain their integrity.  What a great band.
B0000047D5|4.0|While the music and performances on the disc are truly classic (easy 5 stars), the recording leaves a lot to be desired (2-3 stars).  While the drums and bass actually &quot;sound&quot; pretty good, the drums are panned  hard left and the bass hard right, placing the sound directly on top of the  speakers and ruining the soundstage.  Further, the piano sounds very stange  (kind of a phased-metallic overtone) on many of the songs.<br />While the disc  overall is still extremely enjoyable, with reasonable recording practices,  it could have made my &quot;hall of fame&quot;.
B00000FCBC|2.0|Metallica is a good band, but their newer stuff just isn't good to any non-mainstream listeners. I have not bought a new Metallica album ever since &quot;load.&quot; Actually, after hearing load, I got so disgusted  that I destroyed the album. I have heard all of the songs on Garage Inc.,  though, and I was disappointed with songs like &quot;whiskey in the  jar&quot; and &quot;turn the page&quot;, but I enjoyed hearing &quot;Am I  evil?&quot; and other Garage Days recordings. I don't like their new style,  which started to appear in the &quot;black album.&quot; I always get angry  when newbies to the metal scene say that the black album is the heaviest  thing they ever heard, and that it is metal at its best, because it isn't.  But, these people shouldn't be called lame or anything; they should be  educated with albums like Slaughter of the Soul (At the Gates), Roots or  Chaos A.D. (Sepultura), Reign in Blood (Slayer) or Kill Em All and Master  of Puppets (oldskool Metallica baby!). Now, the people that I think should  be made fun of are the little kiddies who actually think that songs like  2x4, Turn the Page, or the Unforgiven 2 are good metal. They should be told  just how ignorant of real metal they are.
0606040439|5.0|What can I say?  I have now purchased this book 5 times.  I always end up giving my copy away -- to a friend, a relative, a co-worker -- someone who hasn't yet gotten around to reading this marvelous novel.  One of my five  all time favorites.
B000002TP7|5.0|this album has some amazing songs and you'd be a fool not to buy it if you're into beastie.
B000001F84|5.0|The best collection of songs...ever...period.<br />It is not just the music, which is compelling, majestic, driving and soothing.  It is the message of what happens when machine runs man.  Three brilliant northern lights give  us all a glimpse of what life with no freedom is like. They do this while  reminding us that &quot;freedom&quot; in not &quot;free.&quot;  Few poets  and philosophers can strike that balance while sweeping us up in the  magnificent sound of a mini opera.                                                                                          These three incredible  musicians have not wasted their gift.  They use it to warn us all of the  balance that must be struck between Totalitarianism and Anarchy.<br />The real  beauty of it all is how they condemn the abuse of technology without  rejecting advancement itself.<br />I only gave it 5 stars because I could not  make the rating go to 10
B000002NJS|5.0|this is truly one of the best albums of all time. All the singles released have been good, but you gotta get this classic album!
0553212478|5.0|this book is a masterpiece, and i am not one who usually is big on sci fi or horror.  it's beautifully written (and Not hard to understand)  it's haunting and thought-provoking.  it will get under your skin and Stay  there.
0399143904|1.0|This story is toy-class. Written to promote software toys. I am not a gamer, but looks like the game is a brilliant piece. Old Tommy seems to let his good team of programmers down. He did a really bad novelization. Hope  this lousy book wouldn't affect the sale of the game under the same  title.<br />Tommy is really an enviroment freak. I've been reading his books  for about a decade. From the Red October. This book is, up to date, his  best recycled job. These game programmers may have written a bot for Clancy  to help him complete this book. In my opinion, a great part of this book  was done by a computer from rearranging Mr. Clancy's prior works. Nice job,  programmers! You gave techno-thriller a new meaning. Here we have the first  book written by computers for computers. Not to mention this book is  especially friendly to the LZW compressor. It's highly redundant, easy to  compress!<br />Dear O'Tommy, why don't you just let the computer do everything  for you? I gave it one star, because you are involved in the making of this  book. If you let your G3 computer finish this job, it will be a milestone  for the artificial intelligence. With your help, I can only give you an F.  No human writers should be so stupid to please the LZW algorithm instead of  a regular reader.<br />Can't wait for your next book, Tommy. Will you just let  your G4/AltiVec computer to do it for you? You may ask your iMac to do your  first draft, and let your G4 edit it. Just don't touch it with your hands.  You may ruin it.
0790736233|5.0|This movie makes you think about why humans are really here on Earth and what our purpose is here. About life and death, God or no God. Please watch the movie. It is such a heart-touching movie filled with wonder.
6305212139|5.0|They look gorgeous and sound greater than ever!! A Spice fan must have this video... even if it doesn't have Geri on it. The interviews are funny... they even make fun of themselves in stage! Girl power to the  max... what can I say?
6305265488|5.0|It was a movie that touched me deep inside, I cried and I laughed at the same time.  The movie shows the courage and passion of one womans love for life.  I would recommend this movie to anyone.
630463949X|5.0|This dvd is by far one of the best on the market today. It is a must for any collector. I just wish this was encoded for DTS.
B000002PCS|5.0|We English are not renowned for our &quot;Mussey&quot; sentiment, However, both my Wife and I loved this Music so much we had to have it at our Wedding way back in `86 Then it was on LP.  It is a timeless music which  fills the soul with a sense of deep human feeling. I would urge anyone to  A) watch the movie and B) buy the CD Until a friend told me about Amazon I  was under the impression the music was no longer available in the United  Kingdom or at best difficult to track down Thank yoU Amazon and thank you  John Barry for making my wedding a special day<br />Vince Kelly
630528069X|5.0|Fast-paced action, heart-breaking action.  A must see
1573225517|5.0|I picked up &quot;High Fidelity&quot; from the Modern Lit section merely because of the title, reminding me of a great Elvis Costello song. How appropriate!<br />Although I would never hail this as literature, and I will  concede to the earlier (and only one I saw) negative comment that the  narrator is self-obsessed, this is, hands down, the most enjoyable read of  my life. Only one other book, &quot;Straight Man&quot; by Richard Russo,  comes close. Not surprisingly, that book is also lorded over by an utterly  self-obsessed individual.<br />Personally, part of Hi-Fi's charm is IN the  self-obsession of the narrator, because he's just so darn good at it! In  fact, I ENJOY the ceaseless slant he offers not only on his views, but also  on the lives of those around him. And ANY book which starts off the way  this book does would've had me handing over money for it immediately  anyway.<br />Give the first 10 pages a whirl. If you find nothing humorous  about them, then walk away none the worse for the wear. But if you like  what those pages offer, this book could be one of the most moving and  enjoyable relationships you can have with mere paper and ink.
0783221487|5.0|I read the book long after I watched the movie but unlike some other movies adapted from books, I still love this one.  I read The Lost World a year or two before the movie was even being talked about and when I saw it  on the big screen I walked out.  Dune, however, catches that deep  mysterious, psycholigical character of the book most brilliantly. I have  seen 3 different edits of this movie.  I, like someother reviewers here,  want the entire film, all scenes, unedited, in one volume; both DVD and VHS  (for those of us without DVD players).  At heart this is not a special  effects sci-fi movie.  There are some original effects but at the heart of  the movie is a psycholgical, mysterious type thriller.  I think that this  is one of the best movies of the last 20 years.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry is an exceptional writer. Many of her books, including The Giver carry a deeper meaning than the actual story presents. I found The Giver to be a book that really explains what a society would be like  without the capability to feel emotion, or change. This book is an  EXCELLENT book for a book report, (contrary to another review) because it  gives the child a chance to think and really get the deeper meaning of the  book. I would give it six stars if I could.
B00000ADG2|1.0|just want to say that I am a musican and I am so sick of popular music ! pretty girls and pretty boys thats all they are !no talent I bet if they had to write and play their own music they would be lost! all you people  that think she is so great should go and take some music lessons.get a  little culture, buy somebody that has something positive to say.stop  letting the radio and the gramys(thats a joke)decide who you listen to  their are so many more talanted muscians out their, this stuff here is  kiddy music GROW UP AMERICA!!!
0060987464|5.0|This book was riveting. I did it in one sitting, and reread it at leasure. It's honesty is glaring, and he offers no apology. We get into the messy guts of a life revealed without trying to pretty it up, make it look good.  As a people, we are dying for want of such honesty. This extraordinary  genius shows us how he was created out of a response to oppression, how the  human spirit will not be broken. He beautifully illustrates how out of the  &quot;facist tyranny&quot; of religion, or any other force that wants to  bind the spirit, its opposite will be born. He is the mirror that reflects  back the darkness in our minds, and turns it into powerful art. Only few  times in a generation does such a one come along.
6303921248|5.0|Jane Austen is an author whose works I guard fiercely.  I've seen her novels brought to the screen before, and no justice done to them.  This film though was absolutely wonderful.  Collin Firth played the an ideal Mr.  Darcy, I cannot imagine anyone else is that role.  Definitely a movie I  would recomend to ANYONE.... then again I might have a biased opinion.  :)
0380778556|2.0|The archetype of the buck-fifty romance novel. It's light reading, mildly entertaining, but it's nothing spectacular. It appeals to the weaker sex (make of that what you wish.)
B0000025HU|5.0|The is the best album ever. It is filled with gems from beginning to end and sounds as fresh and wonderful to me as when I bought it almost 20 years ago. That's all I have to say.
0679843302|5.0|My daughter loved this book from an early age. It was one that allowed her to practice all her animal sounds and practice hearing the same story from the English and the Spanish point of view.
B000001DV2|5.0|Who would have thought that these guys could overcome tragedy twice?!?!?I really admire them for overcoming both tragedies the way they did(Rick Allen losing his arm and the death of Steve Clarke).And what better way to  show it than to come out with an album that rocks!!! This album is the  best,and is worth the bucks.I'm telling you,it is not a waste at all!!!!!
0060977493|4.0|This is an author who really understands English, and pushes the limits on its written usage.<br />  Phrases are restated as anchor points as time shifts from past to present, much as a movie uses flashbacks.<br />   If you're  looking for a story about India, you'll be disappointed.  Instead you'll  find a family in a state of decline.  A family in crisis. A family with no  winners.  Everyone looses.  Very depressing in a way.  But, never-the-less,  a great story told by a mistress of this art!<br />Ms Roy successfully winds  and twists everyone's life into a painful, synergistic whole. <br />   Read  this book, and you'll walk an adventure in English.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I was impressed with this CD.  It has been a long time since I actually listened to a CD all the way through in one sitting.  Normally I've had enough after about 4 songs, but this was like a good book, I could not hit  the stop button.  I'll be waiting for the sequel to this.  Get louder  Hole!!!!
B00000DGUG|4.0|ok, this was one great album when i got it. then i hated it, now i like it , it is great, espessially since they included uninvited on the aussie edition
B000005B0U|5.0|what can you say they are still on a mission got to love those gator boys this is a great songtrack from the beginning to the end
0385493800|2.0|This book started with a lot of promise, and then went down hill from there.  I kept expecting something good to happen but was sorely disappointed.  The only reason I finished it is because it was in audio  version which meant I didn't have to force myself to turn a page.  Better  luck next time...
6305265488|5.0|Totally charming movie with surprisingly good cast and depth to script.  Haven't heard one negative from anyone who has seen it--including all age groups, whether child, teenager, adult and retired adult--That's quite  unusual.
B00000ADG2|1.0|The CD was a bore.  It is has been done over, and over again.  It is time to get original and stop the xeroxing of music.  I was hoping she would be different but I had to spend 15.00 to find out she was not.  I'm still  trying to figure out why she got 5 Grammys, and then it hit me.  It was a  rerun of the last 4 Grammy shows, because the same music keeps winning over  and over.  Anyway save your money because I'm sure you have this CD already  in some form in your library.
B000000WFF|5.0|I think this is a good CD if you like a little latin a little rock n' roll and some of everything!Stop has the sound of the Supremes and Spice up your life is a bit of everything!If you like to try somthing new then Spice  world is perfect for you!You should at least try it! Girl Power!
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley's &quot;Grace&quot; is probably the best CD of the 90's, and &quot;Last Goodbye&quot; is one of the most effortlessly beautiful, ethereal, and soul-stirring songs EVER.
B00000DGUG|4.0|When I first heard this album, I thought Alanis had sold out.  Her new music seemed so tame, so mellow, so unangry.  After repeated listenings and seeing her in concert, though, I instead think that she has taken her music  in a totally new direction, very far away from Jagged Little Pill.  To a  certain extent, the overwhelming success of JLP was so great that it would  have overshadowed any new album.  Alanis instead created an album that is  so different that it cannot even be compared with JLP.  If you buy this  album expecting the Alanis that we heard on Jagged Little Pill, you will be  very disappointed.  However, despite the changes in her new musical style,  her music has not lost any of its intensity or &quot;edge&quot;.  Alanis is  still one of the most talented, powerful vocalists of our day, backed up in  this album by intense, pounding, grinding instruments.  As in Jagged Little  Pill, she is still writing music that inspires her, and the intensity of  her emotion and message is still present in this album, even if her message  has changed.  However, if you are looking a repeat of the chart-topping  Jagged Little Pill and are not willing to explore this new side of Alanis's  music, you will probably be disappointed.
0385484518|4.0|This book is a treasure chest of lifes lessons. It makes you look at your life and whats important. On a tombstone it tells the year of birth and the year of death and in between there is a &quot;-&quot;. That dash is what  counts. Morrie made his dash count. Thank you Mitch Albom for this book!
6303421563|4.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE. GARY OLDMANS PERFORMANCE IS INTENSE. I WILL NEVER FORGET THESE TWO LINES,&quot;NO WOMEN NO CHILDREN&quot; AND &quot;EVERYONE&quot;
0385493800|2.0|I ignored a negative customer review of this book when I should have paid attention. I stayed up half the night to finish the book--only to be done with it, not because it was that interesting. A big disappointment coming  from John Grisham. The characters were boring, the plot was not believable  by any stretch of the imagination. I found it a waste of my money and time.  All Grisham's previous books, with the possible exception of THE PELICAN  BRIEF, were fascinating, very readable. This one was just too far fetched.  Perhaps the author needs a vacation. He's too good a writer for this book.
0783221487|5.0|This has to be one of the great Sci-Fi movies that has been made.  If the editting could have been handled better the movie would be absolutely the best of all time.
6300251616|5.0|This movie is a must see for John Carpenter fans!!I first saw this movie close to 20 years ago and I still burst out laughing when I see it. Great cast of misfits that you really feel you can relate to.  My twin sister and  I Highly recommend it!!!
0440224764|4.0|A fast read.  The ending is unexpected and might make you want to hurl the book against the wall, but it's the last of the 2000 plot twists.
B000002UJQ|5.0|After Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; the best album of the 90's.  It is different every time I listen to it!
B00000AFFF|5.0|For those of us who carried the torch unswervingly for both Burt and Elvis all these years, Painted From Memory can be nothing less than a complete dream come true. As marvelous as they both are, the sum of this album is  truly more than the parts combined. Listen and hear both the pithiness of  Costello and the sentiment of Bacharach combined and balanced, to exquisite  effect.Though you can hear Elvis reaching sometimes to hit some of Burt's  more demanding notes, it makes the reading of it even more poignant. On  &quot;Toledo,&quot; you can almost hear Dionne singing it already.
B000002J09|2.0|It is difficult to understand this Led Zeppelin phenomenon.  I will admit that John Bonham was an excellent drummer and Jimmy Page does blend his guitar at times.  However, lead screamer(eh.. singer), Robert Plant ruins many of the  tracks(Misty Mountain Hop and Black Dog specifically) with his screetching  caterwaling.  In addition, the songs lack development.  The great opening  riff of Black Dog is wasted due to the lack of a good secondary melody.  Four Sticks doesn't even have a memorable initial melody.  Even Stairway To Heaven  admist some creativity drags in a few spots.  A nice song yes.  A classic  HELL NO! Going To California and Rock N Roll are my favorites on here. The Battle for Evermore and When The Levee Breaks are decent as well. However, no matter how I slice it, the rating is 2 1/2 stars.
630508999X|1.0|I saw SCREAM 2  and I hoped it might be better than the original how wrong I was. NEVE CAMPBELL and the rest of the cast act like a bunch of novice'es  in this movie plus you can guess who the killer is early on. So my advice  is avoid SCREAM 2 you won't soon regret it.
B000002J0B|3.0|I do not care for Led Zeppelin. Their style is a bit too bombastic for my tastes. Robert Plant's singing style is more annoying than pleasant.  But in spite of Plant's scratchy screeching there some  fresh arrangements on  this disc that makes it stand out just a little.  No Quarter is without a  doubt the most creative piece Led Zeppelin ever recorded.  What a great  haunting mood with a killer riff from Jimmy, moody Organ effects by JPJ,  and awesome drumming from Bonzo.  Even Plant's singing is very appropriate  for the tone. Dancing Days offers a different mix that works well with the  keyboards and guitars mixing well. The Rain Song, although a little bit  long, is a nice ballad. Some funky rhythms(Crunge) and Reggae(Dyer Maker)  are nice too.  Take away Plant's screetches from track to track and I would  consider giving this a higher rating.  However, if I had to purchase a Led  Zeppelin CD this would come in first with #2 a close second.  However, this  is not a classic recording and nothing by Led Zeppelin should ever be.
B000002UAR|5.0|5 stars. What more is there to say?<br />PS-I can only imagine what &quot;Tommorow Never Knows&quot; sounded like in 1966!
0792835719|4.0|While it shows it's age, this is a great SCI-FI movie.  For being a pre-CGI flick, the animation of the 'Monster from the ID' is excellent.  This show has many of the elements later used in STARTREK. . .
B000002UAU|3.0|First and foremost, how in the world did this become the most influential album ever? Yeah it's really great and all, but it still puzzles me why people think it's the greatest. Like I said, it's a Beatles album so it has  to be at least good. I mean, this stuff is just average pop. It really  didn't show the innovation that they were cabable of doing. With that out  of the way, let's talk about the songs. &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;,  &quot;Lucy...&quot;, &quot;Being For...Mr. Kite&quot;, and &quot;Within  You..&quot; cannot be beat. The others, as I said are just bland. Still  like any Beatles album, it's great. But I still like &quot;The Beatles  (White Album)&quot;, and &quot;Revolver&quot; better.
0790734435|5.0|HBO showed me a good movie for once and it wasn't the Devil's Advocate.  Catwoman is incredible sexy, the way she SHOULD be, and looks better with blond hair -- raven doesn't work for her -- though the suit does.  Batman's  (Michael &quot;dreamy&quot; Keaton) far better than George Clooney, who's  cute, but Emergency Room hardly spells out winged bat to the rescue.  I  never actually got to finish the movie, but the dark, haunting effect of  the ending was enough for me to give it a good rating.  Makes you wonder  what the hell the directors were thinking when they converted the batman  movies into a not-so-dark series.  Alicia Silverstone and Chris O'Donnel  are just not needed....Dr. Freeze was a bore as well -- Ivy can stay.   she's got spark.  All hail keaton -- how good can a guy look in a suit AND  a rubber cape?
6305212139|5.0|i love the songs practly all of them i love baby spice she was the best of all the hole movie was great it was the best of all of the movies
6300151379|4.0|Almost as good as The Dark Crystal, another Henson great that should be re-released, preferably on a Laser-readable medium. My VHS copies are wearing out
B000002UQJ|3.0|McCartney can crank out the tunes at will, and this is no exception. &quot;Hope of Deliverance&quot; is a fine song, as are &quot;Looking for Changes&quot; (though he did a better version on &quot;Live in the New  World&quot;) and &quot;Get Out of My Way.&quot; True, the lyrics aren't  always his best here, alas. Another reviewer has already pointed out the  &quot;Golden Earth Girl, female animal&quot; silliness, and &quot;Biker  Like and Icon&quot; is a bit, well, almost. But then you get lost in the  music, and the fine production. &quot;Cosmically Conscious&quot; is a  treat, too.
079070546X|5.0|The greatest movie made with Chevy Chase. You get a real familyfeeling when you watch this movie and makes your Christmas, how dark it is, much brighter. The greatest laugh of this movie is cousin Eddy. &quot;don't you  fall in love with it, 'cause we're taking it with us when we leave here  next month&quot;
B000002GLE|4.0|Sting has assembled a fine band for this exciting live album, and selected an interesting assortment of obscure Police songs and &quot;Dream of the Blue Turtle&quot; numbers. These versions of songs like &quot;I Burn For  You,&quot; (wonderfully intense) &quot;Demolition Man&quot; (more  accessible than the original record), &quot;One World&quot; and  &quot;Another Day&quot; exhibit the band's good side. Somehow their onstage  versions of &quot;Children's Crusade&quot; and &quot;We Work the Black  Seam&quot; lack timing and cohesion in comparison, which seems odd, given  that this was the band that had just done the studio versions. All in all,  a good fusion jam.
0812550757|3.0|Though well-written, this book is just a little too preachy and long-winded for my taste.  I think it may been better as a short story.  Though I really love a lot of Card's work, methinks I have detected a  pattern, or at least a recurring moral theme, that seems to run through  virtually every book or series he writes.  This theme involves the issue of  genocide. It appears in Treason, where Mueller contemplates the extinction  of the Andersons, in the Alvin Maker series, where the extinction of the  Prophet's followers raises the same issues, in Ender's Game, where the  extinction of the bugs is the issue, and in Speaker for the Dead, with the  contemplated genocide of the piggies and descolada. By Speaker for the  Dead, I got tired of revisiting this same issue and it unfortunately  continues in the next books in the series. Not recommended.
B0000024SI|5.0|I used to be of two minds about Dylan. I wasn't sure if he was really the master poet people thought he was, fraught with careful meaning in every syllable. I thought he might just be some hack who slings together any  rhymes he can think of and passes it off as great. But upon hearing  &quot;Desolation Row,&quot; I realized it doesn't matter. I mean, how does  the guy come up with these images? &quot;They're selling postcards of the  hanging, they're painting the passports brown...&quot; This is great stuff,  whether it means a great deal or very little.
6304436386|5.0|Excellent. Action, humor, romance, all at the same time. It makes you laugh and cry and hide under your blankets. Natalie Portman's childlishly unresistable. Jean Reno's great. The movie is great. A must-see movie.
B000001FJV|5.0|This CD is an essential to have in your collection; it will be one of your favorites for years to come!
B000002H33|5.0|I was a teenager in the eighties, when all that pop-metal garbage was all over the scene, and it was horrible. \\"Ride the Lightning\\" blasted through like a breath of fresh air, but it wasn't until \\"Master of  Puppets\\" that Metallica really found their stride. Masterfully  composed and utterly devastating in its attack, this album showed the rock  world that metal could be as intricate and challenging as jazz, as socially  aware and angry as punk, and absolutely contemporary as the evening news.<br /><br />Metallica was metal for  realists, for outcast kids who (hopefully) thought a little more than your  average stoner metalhead escaping into D & D fantasy land with Ozzy,  Dio, & Maiden, or pointless hedonism with Crue, Ratt, and VH. In fact,  Metallica was one of the very first mainstream metal bands to show a distinct  punk/hardcore influence. (These days, with all kinds of crossover  metal/funk/punk/ska/retro bands all over the place, that might not mean much, but at my high school in 1985 to say that you dug the Sex Pistols, the Dead Kennedys, the Misfits or the Clash could totally get your a**  kicked).<br /><br />The title track alone is worth a million metal bands, and the  horrifying climax to \\"Welcome Home (Sanitarium),\\" with Hetfield's  inhuman cry, \\"Kill/Is such a friendly word/Seems the only way/For  reaching out again!\\" still chills my blood.<br /><br />This is one of the four or  five albums from those days that I still take seriously and am inspired by. It's mighty sad to see the airbrushed, streamlined rock machine Metallica is today, but \\"Master of Puppets\\" will never lose its diamond hard brilliance.
B000002U9W|2.0|Pop Kulcher Review:  According to one source, David Gilmour once cited this album as evidence that Floyd's fans would buy anything they put out.  True or not, I have to take issue with the fans who rave about this album.  The title suite is, with the exception of Gilmour's brief blues jam in the  middle, laughably bad (bootlegged live versions without the orchestra are  at least less annoying), and a far cry from the remarkable beauty they  would achieve with the &quot;Echoes&quot; suite on the Meddle album.  &quot;Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast,&quot; while a cute idea, does not merit  repeated listens.  Like the Beatles' &quot;Revolution 9&quot; on the White  Album, the track is interesting for its novelty, but had the same song been  recorded by any other band no one would have any interest in it.<br />The  three shorter contributions are the disc's chief virtues.  Waters'  &quot;If&quot; is harmless enough, indicative of his strengths and  weaknesses (i.e. lyrically dark and pointed, but musically dull without  Gilmour's contributions).  Gilmour's &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; sounds  surprisingly like late 60's Kinks, a pretty if inconsequential song (much  better live with extensive jamming).  My personal fave is Wright's  &quot;Summer '68,&quot; a wonderfully melodic, instrumentally inventive  tune which has more in common with early 70's singer-songwriters like Harry  Nilsson and Todd Rundgren than it does with the rest of the Floyd canon;  this song can't help but make one depressed at Wright's diminished role in  the band in the post-Dark Side era.<br />On the whole, fans will obviously  enjoy the album, but those new to Floyd can put this one pretty low on  their list.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Although different from the harder edged &quot;Live Through This&quot;, Celebrity Skin successfully combines rock and grunge.  I cannot stop listening, this is the one tape that does not leave my person.  Every song  is memorable, with Celebrity Skin, Malibu and Reason to Be Beautiful  leading the pack.  Courtney, we love you!
B0000026VZ|5.0|Oh, how it irks me to see high-brow reviewers such as those elsewhere on this page miss the glory and splendor of all that is Toto.  Either through sheer cultural genius or blind luck, Toto succeeded in turning bland,  faceless tripe into an art form.  In the pre-Toto era, rock music was  spoiled by the intervention of character and innovation which served only  to distract the listener from the dull background throbbing which is  music's rightful place.  The Beatles' music was rendered all but  unlistenable in the face of the artistry they foisted upon the listener;  the Rolling Stones are unbearable amidst the din of energy and lust.  Who  today can listen to such meritless work as the Clash, R.E.M., Sonic Youth,  et al., without being compelled to confront raw musical chaos and emotional  brutality?  We owe a tremendous debt to Toto and their FM-radio-rock peers,  who stripped away the cloying sheen of the cult of personality from rock  and roll.  The glory of Toto is in one's ability to play the album without  worrying about whether one will have to pay heed to a clever turn of the  phrase or a spiritual instrumental crescendo; indeed, one might not even  notice that the record is playing, allowing one to get on with the more  important things in life than music.  Bravo, Toto, bravo!
B0000047CX|5.0|This is such a classic.  Getz is sublime, Gilberto is timeless.  If you do not own this recording, go get it!
B00000HZFP|5.0|I have seen the show twice now and will be seeing it for the third time later this month.  I love this show!  Though I have not seen the original Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell), Michael Cerveris is excellent as the  &quot;internationally ignored rock star.&quot;  His intriguing performance  and expressive voice embraces the music and lyrics as written by Stephen  Trask.  This show is amazing!  Original, funny, touching, provocative, and  poignant--all of this is captured on the CD.  The CD has some of the best  music/lyrics I've ever heard, so much so that I listen to it incessantly!   So, if you have not seen the show and/or do not own the CD, go!   This is a  phenomenon that you don't (and should not) miss!
B000002H6C|5.0|Hard heavy meta
B00000AFWW|3.0|just got it. haven't stopped listening.  the record i most likely will pop in the car cd player especially on long trips. thank god it's not &quot;Live&quot;.  &quot;Live&quot; is great but there's nothing worse than  a band that tries to copy a former hit album.
0805211063|5.0|Surely one of the most disturbing books written. A good translation that emphasises the alienation, dislocation and spiritual loss of life in this century and probably the next.
B000002AHM|5.0|&quot;Friday Night in San Francisco&quot; is a very intense piece, obviously helped by the fact it is live. The guitar is amazing, each of the three guitarists having a unique style that comes together maginificently.  This was my first look into both flamenco and jazz guitar, and after  hearing this, it definitely won't be my last. This album is priceless as a  learning tool for guitarists, but can still definitely be enjoyed by  anyone.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is a great band.  There lead singer, James Hetfield, is a great song writer/vocals.  This is a good album to own.
B000002MQ9|5.0|This album is,by far,their best and has been truly influencial to Goth genre. Many modern Darkwave bands of the nineties have Raved about this album, That was when DCD had a very caucasian feel, Played violins, cellos,  violas, millitary snare. Unfortunately The true DCD has passed away and  Some Moronic Pazuzu spirit has taken over their latest albums .Stand out  cuts are : Cantara, Anywhere out of..., Xavier and Persephone. Buy this  album,for it is DCD at their best.
6304211740|5.0|Charlotte Gainsbourg's performance is spectacular. When she's introduced (as the adult Jane) I scoffed. Certainly they didn't expect me to take this homely girl seriously as a love object. An hour later I would glady have  proposed, and grieved that I could not, and if the scene in which Rochester  proposes doesn't grab you, then I'm afraid nothing ever will. Gainsbourg's  performance is all the more impressive because she's French and English is  a second language. Not to have seen this film is to be deprived.
B00000DLVA|3.0|I just received this CD yesterday, and was looking forward to listening to it.  I had heard &quot;My Favorite Game&quot; on the radio and thought this might be an interesting CD to get.  After listening to the first song,  &quot;Paralyzed&quot; I was quite disqusted.  I did not like it at all, and  the following songs just seemed to get worse.  I did my typical, run  through the CD and listen to a bit of each song, before actually listening  to the whole CD.  I was kind of upset that I had spent the money on this  one.  Anyway, later last night I simply had the chance to sit around with a  couple of friends, and I decided to throw this CD in as background music.  As weird as it sounds, I really like it the second time through.  I guess I  was just in the wrong mood when I first listened to it.  But, a couple of  the songs are still weak in my opinion.  I would say about 75% of the music  appeals to me, a bit more than one of the guys below said he liked.  For  example, the song &quot;Nil&quot; in my opinion is junk.  What's the point  of adding this at the end?  Did they need additional playing time or  something?  But, on the other hand, I really like &quot;Erase/Rewind&quot;.  So, I'm going to be fairly neutral and give this CD 3 stars.  It's not  four, because that would mean only one or two songs are bad.  I dislike 3  songs total on this one.  But it's not a two since you can throw the CD in  and listen to it without cringing too much when the bad songs came around.  In summary, this is my first Cardigans CD and probably my last, but I am no  longer totally peeved that I spent the money on it.  How's that for a  review?
B000002LCE|5.0|His name is Ronnie James Dio, and he used to sing for Black Sabbath and Rainbow.
078062582X|4.0|Although the plot is the same, nice girl intimidated by the bad guys, the story line is a bit off the beaten path.  There aren't alot of surprises, but the movie really takes off, so to speak, as it goes on.  Set in a  Florida dance club, the Eager Beaver no less, the supporting cast add a bit  of much needed humor to the plot, and most of the supporting cast is very  pleasing to the eye.  Burt Reynolds is very beliveable as the idiot  congressman, as is Vingh Rhames as the loveable club bouncer.  As I said,  not many surprises, but lots of fun.  The true Demi Moore fans will want to  pack a lunch for this one, because once won't be enough.
B000000WCV|1.0|Okay, this album exemplifies exactly what I hate about dance techno: &quot;songs&quot; featuring one (1) beat repeating many, many times, very, very loudly.  The sort of thing that tends to give one headaches, as well  as filling one for the desire for a railgun with which one could waste  one's unpleasant roommate who constantly bloody plays it.
6303477259|5.0|Pink Floyd Shine On in this must have video.  The way the music and the show with the lasers, screen, and other effects compliment each other is intense and amazing.  They remastered alot of their old songs, like the  guitar solo at the end Comfurtably Numb. I have been watching this video  nonstop for six months and can't get enough of it.
6304467540|5.0|I am a huge fan of Mafia movies.  I have always liked them.  This movie is what makes all Mafia movies good.  It has what all of the greats have, big names, action, drama, and suspense.  If you have any interest in viewing  what is going to be around as long as can be, view this
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauren Hill is great. One of the best cd's I've listened to in a while. Her charcter is outstanding too. I thought what she said at the Grammy's was wonderful. Not since U2 has a musical act been this great.
6302820448|4.0|The movie may be redundant but it still keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting for Phil Conners to woo his unlikely, undeserved soulmate, played by McDowell. The cabin fever he gets from daily groundhog sightings are  hilarious; it's going to be a long winter for Murray in this one. In the  middle of a long session of grooming himself for Rita, Phil is also forced  to mingle with the all the locals like&quot;Ned-the-  Needle-Nosed-annoyence, Nancy the fiancee, and the &quot;sweet old  woman&quot; running the quaint little bording house. The film, part  slapstick with a little black comedy mixed in, also has daily doses of  Sonny and Cher...Director Ramis plays with our minds.  We feel Phil's pain  as he tries, gets frustrated, and trades his apathetic stripes for Rita's  approval. I loved it. We shake our heads with the Bartender (appropriately)  and still hope he wins over Rita. Check it out. It puts deja vu in a whole  new perspective. Just ask the kitchen staff.
0780625129|5.0|American History-X dives head first into the racial problems of America.  The best thing about this movie is that it shows racism from the standpoint of white against black and black against white.  Although this is a sad  problem in this country, it is 100% correct.  A wonderful film that  everybody should see!
B0000025JT|4.0|barbra's voice is better than ever - and even shines through despite some sappy lyrics . Barry Gibb doesn't add much to the album besides an ability to wear tight pants
0790739909|5.0|Take a listen to the song 'Iris. Then think to yourself; would'nt you also give up everything just to spend one moment with that one you know was ment for you?  No matter what the consequences, I think we will.
0684874350|5.0|I've never known that someone can actually remember in great detail what ordeal they have gone through when they were young but this book has caused me to think otherwise. This is one of the best books I've read and I must  say that it's simply magical. It's one of those books that can be read over  and over again and you'll just never have enough of it. It's this kind of  book that makes you feel that you have spent quality time reading and  owning it is truly a great thing. I was looking high and low for this book  when one day I saw it at a bookstore. I picked it up and without hesitation  paid for it. I have yet to regret! Truly remarkable.
6303394000|5.0|Although watching the film now makes it look a bit dated, particularly the finale sequence, this film is one of the finest musicals made.  Similar to Cabaret, All That Jazz integrates the musical numbers in creative and  almost natural ways--unlike other musicals that seem to have to set up  dialogue that then allows the actors to burst into song.  The complexity of  Joe Gideon, a man who has so few redeeming qualities but yet captivates his  audience (no wonder he was so attractive to women), is remarkable.
