B00003W8NM|5.0|I have not seen the DVD, but I pre-ordered it! I did see this movie in the theatres 6 times. And let me tell you, NO MOVIE has affected my life quite like this one. The title may make the movie sound like a couple of guys  beating each other up and starting a club of it, but if that's what you  expect from this movie get ready to get your brain torn out and kicked  around. About the violent content: I've seen worse dehumanizing violence in  Disney cartoons. The book is very well written and the movie is true to it,  this is definately David Fincher's best so far, Pitt and Norton deserved  Best Actor Nominations. Forget American Beauty, watch a real movie that  tells it like it is....or how it should be.
B00000K19E|5.0|I love this movie. I saw it 3 times in the theater. If you haven't seen it, there are any number of glowing reviews on this page to interest you, but I'm speaking to those people who already like this movie and are  debating whether to get the dvd.<br />Get it.<br />The visuals are unbelievably  crisp and the sound is very very good. But the extras alone would be worth  buying the dvd for. You finally get to see how they do that incredible  freeze-frame surround effect, and they also show the actors learning  martial arts. Yes, that's really Lawrence Fishburne and Keanu Reeves  fighting... they spent 5 months learning how!<br />As you can see, I really  enjoy this dvd. If you liked the movie, I'm sure you will, too. Don't  hesitate to get it.
6305291489|4.0|I might be 25 years old, but this movie is one of the best movies I ever had the pleasure of seeing! Then why 4 stars? Well its not the movie itself but what Disney did to this DVD. There are no extras on this DVD except for  the trailer. I also own the Laser Disc version of this movie which has  commentary as well as deleted scenes, and a screen test with Dennis Quaid  and Lindsay Lohan! Hopefully Disney will re-release this DVD with those  extra's. Until then I guess I'll be watching both DVD and the LD for  maximum output!
0783240287|4.0|I love the show...but 78 minutes...thank goodness Amazon had a great price on it. IF I had paid full retail I would have been very angry. They cut out a lot of the show. Thats the only negative about it.
B000009EAD|4.0|this is the best album of the iced earth saga.  every song to me was a hit but you never hear of this band unless you are lucky enough to get a true heavy metal radio station.  so buy this album you wont be sorry
0380973464|4.0|A truly interesting, informative, comical, entertaining, irreverent reading experience.  It makes you want to congregate with others who have read the book to chortle over the various hilarious episodes.  I never  thought mathematics could be so much fun; Stephenson does a marvelous job  explaining the German's Enigma machine, and cryptography in general.<br />The  only flaw is the presentation of women characters.  Or maybe amid the  absurd and improbable situations, the author drew the women to match.  No  depth to any of them, and trite; the mother, the virgin, the temptress,  etc.  Not a single one would pass a Turing test.
B000023VR6|5.0|Man now this is what you call an album, first of all forget everything bad you've heard about this album, because its all a load of lies, its the best album I've heard for a long time, and I mean along time, this is the best  album released since Tupac, and I thought it would be a lot longer than  this before I could say that. Dre proves he is definitely the cream of  westside, and along with Eminem, Snoop and numerous others produces a  brilliant work here, get this album.  At all costs.
6300216268|5.0|The only thing about this movie that I can complain about is the fact that I didn't come up with such simple brilliance myself! I admit it, I'm a movie snob. I can barely call myself a movie fan...but this was great. The  characters are divinely developed, each demonstrating common qualities but  mixed and matched and magnified by thousands. A serious comedy for people  who can laugh at life experiences instead of modern wink-wink-nudge-nudge  sex comedies or other forms of bodily humor.
0062502182|3.0|I was given this book by a friend and found it a very quick and easy read.  The story is quite pretty and the underlying theme of following one's dream is well intentioned.  However, there were serveral &quot;flaws&quot;  that should be mentioned if anyone was to take this story as a guide, as  has been suggested in some of the other reviews.  First, the emphasis on  material gain (mentioned in  quite a few of the other reviews) taints the  spritial nature of the premise.  Second, the implication of the story is to  proceed with an extremely selfish course of action; the reference point is  entirely to self, and others who &quot;care&quot; about the boy are  expected to make the sacrifice for the boy's dream.  What about their  dreams?  Who's dream takes precedence?  Third, and finally, there in no  introspection about the dream.  Do not one's goals evolve over time?  To  imply that any modification is a compromise of the &quot;Ur-dream&quot; is  to deny the benefits of experience and acquired wisdom.  So while I found  this book a pleasant read, I certainly think that anyone who would try and  use this book as a guide should think again.
0790729725|5.0|If you're a fan of mob flicks, you need this one. And Sopranos fans will love to see &quot;Dr. Melfi,&quot; &quot;Christopher,&quot; and &quot;Paulie Walnuts&quot; together in these early roles. The film is a born-classic with superb performances by Bracco, Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci,  and Ray Liotta. 'Nuf said. The DVD picture is very good, and the sound  excellent. The only drawback are the skimpy extras on the DVD: just the  obligatory couple of trailers, bios, and production notes. I'd've like to  have heard a commentary track or seen outtakes. Ah well - this is still a  class act! Now go home and get your shinebox.
B0000013GT|1.0|I can belive it, I was waitin for 4 days for this. And the day I get it and listen to it, man im so dissapointed. I know that they were fetured on alot of tracks, like Neck uv Da woods and that Missy Eliot track, and those  were good. Hoped that the cd would be great but its too slow and it sounds  like a ufo. Not to mention  the front of the cd, now I cant even sneak it  in the school( I have The Chronic and The Chronic 2001, but this is much  worse). Man if your smart and you dont want 15 tracks of junk then dont buy  this. PS. I picked this over Thug Mentality 1999 I feel like a fool!
B000002C1X|5.0|It's difficult to think of an album that still holds its audiences transfixed more than twenty years after its initial release.  With most bands producing albums consisting of nothing more than a collection of  singles, a single song is the image conjured in the mind when a band's name  is mentioned.  Pink Floyd, however, managed to carve themselves a niche in  the wall of rock music not once, but twice (&quot;The Dark Side of the  Moon&quot; being the other occasion) by producing concept albums, with a  central idea or thread flowing throughout both sides of the record.  The  Floyd took this one step further in &quot;The Wall,&quot; however,  bestowing characters and a plot, melding them seamlessly with music and  effects, and crafting, without a doubt, an album which is the pinnacle of  creative musical expression.  As with all great art, &quot;The Wall&quot;  reveals reasoning behind human turmoil, madness, and angst.  It poses  questions, and provides many layers for the listener to dig through, deeper  and deeper with each listening, until finally reaching the point of  complete understanding.  For all of my searching, no other album I've found  has done that.  If you do not have this album, purchase it, close the  doors, turn off the phone, play the CD and read the lyrics.  Do yourself a  favor.  This is one of the few albums that is *about* something, and, if  you listen carefully, you'll find out what.
B00000K31V|3.0|This is a great entertaining movie that fans of David Cronenberg should love. The only problem is where are the extras (three commentary tracks + documentary) that are included on the Canadian and Region 2 edition of this  movie?
B000007ODY|2.0|Karajan has been hiped so much and has been marketed so well that people know karajan as conductor extrodinare, however the fact remains that his cycles of the Brahms symphonies are painfull to the ears. I own several  recordings of brahms and would strongly recommend you to stay away.  Sanderling or Walter are any day preferable.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Kubrick is just great. Before I watch the DVD, some reviewssaid Eyes Wide Shut was the kind of european movie that made by anAmerican director. I don't know if it's a compliment or a polite wayto say it's a boring movie.  But as what's been tactfully revealed scene by scene, even though the pace is &quot;slow&quot;, we could gradually walk into the bizarre world of Kubrick. It's so surreal what Cruise has encountered ... but come to think about it, has anyone in our real world not experienced any strange incidence througout our life? Kubrick unfolds the mystery of life, fantasy and sex deliberately in front of our eyes. It's so visually gorgeous yet psychologically frightening ... the faithful wife but betrayal ... the party with stunning female bodies but deadly ... All of these articulate the motif of the movie under superb direction. It touches my heart so deeply that deseves another hat-off to such a great director!
B00003Q438|5.0|WOW! This set is great, brilliant movie (special edition version) excellent extras and well designed menus (there's even a hidden trailer for Strange Days - well sort of hidden) You are crazy if you don't by this set,  stop reading this and buy it now!
B000000H57|5.0|Type-O-Negative is the only band capable of taking over where Black Sabbath left off, as the current, heaviest band on the planet. Their melodies and riffs are well crafted and, well, fun. I've been a fan since  &quot;Blooody Kisses&quot; and this cd is a growth product and truely in a  league of it's own when it comes to dark, heavy music! What a great work.
B00003Q438|5.0|WOW! This set is great, brilliant movie (special edition version) excellent extras and well designed menus (there's even a hidden trailer for Strange Days - well sort of hidden) You are crazy if you don't by this set,  stop reading this and buy it now!
B000001F7R|3.0|Lep's first album can either be viewed two ways.... as a raw, unpolished, rock out that they'd never attempt again, or as a warm-up of an extremely talented band that's only beginning to find out what they're about.<br />  On  Through the Night, in most ways, sounds completley different from the  'well-known' material, and even their follow-up to this, High n Dry, sounds  almost like a different band (and it was only recorded a few months after  this one).  Perhaps it's production, because Robert John 'Mutt' Lange  wouldn't come into the Lep's life until High n Dry, Tom Allom handles the  knobs here.<br />  A few other things stand out, though, take them positive or  negative.  Joe Elliot hasn't found his voice yet, it would take him until  Pyromania for that, but this album, he's not the best singer in the world.   Steve Clark is relegated almost entirely to rhythm guitar, while Pete  Willis takes center stage (and he's quite good), this would also change by  next album, with the twin-guitar interplay coming into effect.  <br />  This  album's highlights are Rock Brigade, Wasted, and The Overture.  Just to go  into detail on the latter, the Overture is easily one of the best songs  Leppard has ever done, suprising at this stage in their careers.  It's the  most majestic 'epic' they've ever recorded, and every fan should hear it.   <br />  Another highlight of the album is Rick Allen, once upon a time he had  two arms and he used them quite well here.  He's easily the most  accomplished musician of the band, at that point in time, and he was the  youngest, too, barely 17 at the time this album was released.  His drumming  rivals some of the great names of the day.  He's no better or worse anymore  but his style certainly has changed, he's merely different.<br />  On Through  the Night won't appeal to Leppard fans who like their 'Have you Ever Needed  Someone So Bad' or their 'Goodbye'.  It's a metal album, not a pop-rock  album.  But it's a damn good metal album, unpolished, but good, and while  their subsequent albums bordered on perfection, one can't help but wonder  what would've happened had Leppard never even met Mutt Lange.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd just kicks ass!  some of these songs are just better live like bleeding me. i didn't really listen to the song a lot on load. but on of best songs on here is The memory remains it is so much better live. if you  are true metallica fan then buy this cd if you are a wuss then don't cause  this is metallica and they kick ass like always.
0913866156|5.0|This beautiful tarot deck, when purchased along with &quot;The Tarot Handbook-Practical Applications&quot; by Angles Arrien are two of the most highly powerful instruments of guidance. Practical, spiritual, mystical,  Jungian and applicable to everyday life, you must work with these tools to  experience the richness and the rightness of the answers you will receive.  The images are rich with color and symbolism, the cards and book correspond  with each other exactly so there can be no errors in interpretation,  especially for beginners. As a tool for meditation and personal growth and  information, this is what I come back to over and over again. THE TRUTH IS  POWERFUL !
B00000J2KT|3.0|This is essentially two movies: The Parris Island portion &amp; the Vietnam portion.  The Parris Island sequences are engrossing and masterfully done.  It would have been great if Kubrick could have developed  the basic training story line through two hours.  With Embrey in his  legendary role as the drill sergeant, I don't think any other movie has  portrayed basic training better.  <br />Unfortunately, the last portion set in  Vietnam is just not that good.  Kubrick's attempts to make England look  like Vietnam is laughable.  The combat intensity of films like Platoon  &amp; Hamburger Hill don't develop, but just a bunch of soldiers  name-calling each other.  By the time we get to the sniper at the end, I  was just feeling &quot;who cares?&quot;
B00003CXGG|2.0|I just dont know what they was thinking in this one, I mean who is Romeo? what was his involvement with this movie? If I could rated this film for the fight scenes, it would be higher maybe. Jet Li is not the same Jet Li  of Black Mask in this movie, now when co-star Aaliyah comes in the scenes a  glow of lights lite up, then dim when absence.
B00003XACV|5.0|Thomas Newman's score for American Beauty is one of his finest works to date. The style is his own and I could identify it immediately in the movie. Even better than the Shawshank redemption and Meet Joe Black. The  melodies on the CD are very strangely energetic and powerful. Although the  entire CD is shorter than some of his others, don't let it fool you, it's a  masterpiece. The organization of the CD is just like the movie, and reminds  you of all of the scenes, just as I feel the rest of his music replays the  movie and captures the mood and very essence of it.
6300215512|5.0|Sunset Boulavard has to be one of my all time favorite movies. Gloria Swanson plays the amazing role of Norma Desmond, a silent film actress trying to make her come back onto the screen when she meets a struggling  screen writer named Joe Gillis (William Holdman) to help her compleate her  own script. Yes, it is in black and white, but this is definetly a movie  for movie lovers to see. It's a mystery, thriller, and love story all in  one!
B000002U82|5.0|I really don't understand how anyone who has a serious interest in music can objectively listen to this and say &quot;It's not good&quot; or &quot;It's boring, it's too slow&quot;.  The songwriting, musicianship, and  production value (especially) blend to create a stunning aural landscape.  That said, this is not my favorite PF album (I rotate between  &quot;Piper&quot;, &quot;Ummagumma&quot;, and &quot;Wish&quot;), but as an  artistic achievment, I would rate it their best.  It's the same for me as  Beethoven's 9th: I don't think its my favorite, but if someone asked me  which of Beethoven's symphonies achieved the greatest success in terms of  fully realizing the ideas of the artist, then I would say yes, the 9th is  the best.  I hardly ever play &quot;Dark Side&quot; anymore (I always skip  &quot;Money&quot; because of its overexposure on &quot;classic&quot; rock  radio), but I will always consider it their greatest work.
0453007902|5.0|I think Gary Sinise's reading of Steinbeck's &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is outstanding! He brings each of the characters to life for the listener.  It's truly amazing how he can drift from one character to another so  easily, keeping the dialogue moving so naturally.  The story itself is  wonderful.  Steinbeck was a very visual writer - describing characters and  places in such a way that you actually feel like you have met the  characters and visited the places.
B00003ZA27|3.0|Karajan's characteristic beauty comes through well.  However, the intonation of the choir is sometimes not good.  The opening of the Kyrie will give you a good example.  You may be better served elsewhere.
0385470819|3.0|I am putting my neck on the line by going against thegeneralconsensus here.  I liked alot of the book.  Especially thelawyer.  But I cannot say it is one of the greatest books I have ever read.  It is not even the best Grisham (I like The Client the best).<br />The courtroom dialog was great and the tension was great. What kept me from giving the book higher marks was that I cannot condone what the father did, since he shot the innocent police officer.  I found how Grisham downplayed the shooting of the cop to be a major omission of the book.<br />The only justified homicide to me is in a self-defense situation. If the father had shot the men in the act of attacking his daughter, then I would have felt his actions justified.  He did not even wait for the trial to play out before he decided to be judge, jury, and executioner.
0440219078|4.0|I think this book was exellent it had so much power.This was a very interesting book because it had a way of getting you to think.I deffinetly would recommend a part 2 for the story.
0440219078|5.0|This book was about a town where you were assigned a job. At the cerimony of the twelve you were assigned your job. Some people were painters, teachers and a very special job was given to a boy. He was the reciever of memeory. This job was painful but special. It was a honor to recieve this  title. The past &quot;giver&quot; had to  transmit the memories down. I  enjoyed this book very much.. be sure to read the end!
B0000040EO|5.0|I especially love this film! It has GOOD funny,hidden comedy.My favorite part of the movie is when Jimmy and Kate are drunk! But my most FAVORITE part is when Jimmy sings Over the Rainbow!  This film is just terrific! .  Not to mention that Jimmy is especially handsome and funny!  I  pesonally recomend it.
0590373587|4.0|This book was great. It has a lot of feelings in it. I liked how it was mixed up with sad and happy feelings. I think that it was sort of awkward because of how the town was and how everyone lived. I wonder what the  author was thinking of when he wrote this.
B0000025CP|4.0|Most Priest fans mention albums like &quot;British Steel&quot; and &quot;Screaming for Vengeance&quot; as their favorites, and, for some reason,  Stained Class is sadly overlooked.  This album showcases Priest at  the height of their ability and creativity.  Songs like &quot;White Heat,  Red Hot&quot; and especially &quot;Saints in Hell&quot; feature a power and  clarity that far exceeds the work on their previous album, 1977's &quot;Sin  After Sin.&quot;  Additionally, there are no attempts to produce trite,  Queen-like vocal melodies or spacey passages that don't seem to go  anywhere, as Priest has at other times done. Rather, the band focused on  dark and powerful songwriting, which resulted in one of their all-time best  pieces, the haunting &quot;Beyond the Realms of Death&quot;, which features  some awe-inspiring vocals and guitar soloing.  In summary, if you're into  convincing power metal, Stained Class is a great album to have.  If you  like the shorter, more catchy songs (like their radio hits), go for  &quot;Hell Bent for Leather&quot; or &quot;British Steel.&quot;
0440219078|5.0|This book is an excellent book for people of all ages. It is about one boys struggle to find out the true meaning of life. Filled with many triumphs and defeats.
B000002C1X|5.0|This isn't music.  This is more than that.  Buy it to understand what I mean.<br />a
0590373587|4.0|This book was great. It has a lot of feelings in it. I liked how it was mixed up with sad and happy feelings. I think that it was sort of awkward because of how the town was and how everyone lived. I wonder what the  author was thinking of when he wrote this.
0671027344|4.0|i used to be charlie.  i think at some point, to some extent everyone had a little charlie in them. this is one of the greatest coming-of-age tales i've ever read.  the comparison has been made before, but there is a good reason.  charlie is like a holden caulfield for a new generation.  he is  filled with the same angst and curiosity and over-all emotion of a young  teenage male learning how things work.  i am not an avid reader, but mr.  chbosky may change that should he continue to write novels.  the character  of charlie spoke of feelings and thoughts that i instantly recognized.   this is, to the best of my memory, almost exactly what it's like to be  fifteen.  this is an excellent book and i recommend it to anyone regardless  of age, gender, religion, social status...i think i made my point.  read  this book.
0783240503|1.0|Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is one of my favorite stage productions. I got real excited when it was coming out in video. However, I am very sorry to say that this video version of Joseph is just plain  terrible as compared to the many many stage productions I have attended.  This production is not even close to how great the stage production is. I  wasted my money on this tape. Sorry
B000005RFQ|4.0|I've never seen a professional review that had a kind word to say about this album.  But look at all the five star ratings here--shows what the critics know. . .<br />The original lp release was virtually unlistenable, the  sound was so muddy.  The remaster improves things quite a bit, but there's  only so much you can do with the mix as it is.  At least now you can fully  make out the guitar solos and pick out a few bass notes from the sludge.  The sound is so heavy it practically oozes out of the speakers.  Iommi has  the greatest fuzzy tone to his guitar.<br />Unfortunately Gillan sometimes  sounds like he is having to strain to be heard above the din, but he is  still great.  He actually sounds like he's having fun with all the  heaviness.  I have seen criticisms of his lyrics and vocal style here, but  if you like Gillan you will love this stuff.  He does a reasonable job of  adjusting his usual lyrical style to the Sabbath aesthetic (and I don't  know how anyone could say these lyrics are worse than the tripe on  &quot;Technical Ecstasy&quot; and &quot;Never Say Die&quot;). Owwwwww!  Yowwwww!  And I love that line about Peter and the Green Fly in  &quot;Trashed&quot;.<br />There's really not a weak track here, although the  instrumentals surrounding &quot;Disturbing the Priest&quot; are kind of  pointless.  Synthesizer stylings are not Iommi's and Butler's strength.  If  you like Sabbath or Gillan, buy this by all means. &quot;Trashed&quot; and  &quot;Zero the Hero&quot; are worth the price of admission all by  themselves.
0783237979|5.0|I love this DVD, it's in my player all the time.  Theatre snobs and Broadway purists just can't get past the fact that &quot;The Musical&quot; has changed and &quot;Cats&quot; was the start of that change.  This is not  the Broadway or London production of &quot;Cats' it's a fine &quot;VIDEO  PRODUCTION&quot;.  My only complaint is that they did not do all of the  songs.  The sound quality is wonderful even when played on my computer  speakers.  If you have kids buy this DVD they and you will love it and play  it over and over.  Thank you Andrew Lloyd Webber for so many Memories.
B000002H8F|5.0|Nirvana and Pearl Jam are given so much credit for starting the whole alternative rock scene, but these guys were the true pioneers. &quot;Dig for Fire&quot; is the best track ever. In fact all the tracks are good and  all the Pixies discs are killer.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I went out and this album a few days ago having previously owned the other two rage albums.  I was hoping that this one would move me as well.  i have to say that battle of los angeles did just that.  The beats can shake your  body and the lyrics shake your mind.  Everyone,rage fan or not should go  out and pick this one up.  It is a true masterpiece.
0671027344|5.0|I read this book around August of 99' when I was in the Bahamasand I could not put it down.  I passed it along to all my friends andthey all loved it.  I then put it away on my bookshelf and didn't see it until today when given an assignment for my English class, I was told to select a passage from my favorite book.  I immediately knew what passage I was going to do, so when I got home, I took the book out and began to re-read the passage.  What I didn't realize was that I kept reading for around a half an hour.  This book was something amazing and true and special.  I don't know a soul out there who wouldn't feel for Charlie.  Do yourself a favor and get this book. It's just...amazing...
B0000028RR|5.0|This has got to be one of the best rock albums ever written.  The hard core beats and thought provoking lyrics really make it a cd that everyone must own.
B00000IQBM|4.0|There are two ways to approach 'The Shining' for critical analysis. It can be treated either as a free-standing thriller or as a generic Kubrick work. Either way, it's effectively lensed thanks to Kubrick's rigid and  cerebrally born camera technique. Visually, the movie is a brick-by-brick  reconstruction of Stephen King's novel. Kubrick wastes no footage in  ensuring that there's a nice long runway built for his monster. The only  problem is that his movie, for all its exhaustive detail, just can't get  off the ground.<br />            This is almost entirely due to Stanley  Kubrick's failure to transplant the essence of the work from King's book. A  thinking man who was firmly grounded in the here and now and whose cold  calculatedness always came through on his lens, Kubrick really did choose  the wrong book to work with. His film blueprint hadn't altered since '2001  - A Space Odyssey' and its exactly according to this schema that he  constructed 'The Shining'. His filming is sincere and milks each set and  sequence to the limit; it's just that there's no spirit world for Kubrick,  no capacity to consider the supremacy of inference and suggestion over  direct representation. From start to finish, 'The Shining' is heavily  imbued with images that can be taken at face value and dialogue scenes that  sometimes seem perfunctory and even a little 'uninspired'. <br />          A  problem arises in Kubrick's method of suspense build up and the  precipitation of his action sequences. Everything makes sense and works  like clockwork (excusing the pun on one of his best films) but there's  never any orchestration made toward injecting occult and supernatural  terror into the mix beyond much beyond that which is halluncinatory. The  violence, when it finally does come, is neat and graphic and is one of 'The  Shining's strongest elements as a movie. The suspense, however, doesn't  come off the way it happens in the book and that's what's really wrong  here. Owing directlyto the blatant idiosyncratic differences between  Kubrick and King, a fair portion of the potential for terror is lost in the  gulf that separates the story's writer's and its film director's  personalities.<br />       The casting presents mild difficulties also.  Shelley Duvall is excellent as Mrs Torrance only in the climactic scenes  near and at the movie's conclusion. Elsewhere, however,  she's just a  quivering heap of jangled nerves and her character's personal weaknesses  seem exaggerated at times, almost to the extent of self parody. <br />         Jack Nicholson works in the role of Torrance as as much as he doesn't. King  purists, naturally, are inclined to leap in to join the attack on his  selection for the part, citing blindly that he's messed up from the start  of the picture or that he's too fresh from 'One Flew Over The Cuckoo's  Nest' to be anything other that a crazy man. Nicholson actually portrays  Torrance accurately here: he's burnt out (hence the mild symptoms of lunacy  right from the beginning) and is a feather-trigger alcoholic. Sure; his  performance makes for some problems as the viewer will find it hard to  witness the psychological disintegration of his character from sequence to  sequence. Looking back, though, the would-be critic should entertain one  notion very carefully before frowning on Nicholson: could any other  prominent actor of the era have carried off the role without sacrificing  some other aspect of Mr. Torrance? That may sound frivilous and academic  until one cringes from the thought of Michael Caine in the part. All things  considered, by the movie's action-packed conclusion, Nicholson has thrown  his gears quite visibly and he goes wonderfully berserk. His rampage is, in  fact, far more appreciable and close to the Stephen King idea than has been  given credit.<br />             It's a long movie at two and a half hours but  then it was a long novel. There are many things at this director's disposal  and he uses themto the full. Exquisite sets, staggering images and high  grade (though far from perfect) casting all work in his favour on this  assignment. Unfortunately, the result is a seamless Frankenstein monster  lying still and lifeless on its slab in the laboratory. Kubrick's atheistic  outlook just can't give it the all essential spark.<br />          'The  Shining' receives four stars by way of mean averaging. Five stars would  definitely do it justice for its looks and fine cinematic veneer; four  would be fair to indicate its value as a thriller; three stars have to come  into play to account for this director's failure to encapsulate in whole or  in good-sized part the gist of his source material. Curiously, Kubrick  grafted 'A Clockwork Orange' flawlessly from its novella. It just proves  that he wasn't accustomed to handling a project created by someone as  spiritual as King.<br />        Great entertainment, if a little dragging in  areas, 'The Shining' is a must-see on the order of its being a rite of  passage. Watch it repeatedly for academic study or for pleasure - you're  bound to come away better for the experience. It really isn't hard to find  the middle ground between those who overapplaud it as 'haute' arthouse  cinema and those who decry it as a callous cinematic translation or a  massacre of a masterful plan. King hated it and another version has been  filmed since. While more faithful, maybe, to the bits of his book King felt  cheated out of by Kubrick, 'The Shining' Mark Two (1997?) just can't hope  to stand beside this juggernaut. <br />            Stanley Kubrick deserves  extra respect for this work in the sense that he endowed 'The Shining' with  his trademark directorial power. The movie is well armoured to withstand  the criticism that it has brought Kubrick. It has become a false albatross  for him to wear about his neck, a job for which he has received much harsh  and undue criticism over the last twenty years, at times borderlining  ridicule.
B00000HZFP|5.0|I saw the review in TIME. Ordered---and I am truly a Rocky Horror fan. This CD is absolutely wonderful. It could be the NEXT version of Rocky Horror. We need more of these things, simply to assist people in  understanding people that &quot;march to the beat of a different  drummer&quot; The music is awesome. I took the CD to a band in Atlanta, and  ALREADY IT'S TAKING OFF IN THE SOUTH!  BUY IT!  YOU'LL LOVE IT!
B00004LN16|4.0|With the exception of one or two songs, this CD is unbelievable.  From the straight-up rocker &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; to the more varied &quot;Satellite Blues&quot;, AC/DC hasn't lost a step since their last  recording.  Go out and get this CD, it's a great addition to any rock  collection.
B000007T1M|5.0|One of the best bands that ever existed!  All the songs of this CD are very heavy but still very very cool! During the songs the singer will start to get hyper and he'll sing in a quite &quot;strange way&quot; which can be  quite amusing! Song #1, 2, 3 and 4 are partially very fast! The rest of the  songs mostly are the same as Song number 2, but the majority of the songs  are partially very slow!<br />I RECOMMEND THIS CD TO ALL SLIPKNOT, KORN &amp;  GUANO APES FANS!
B00003E4DT|2.0|This 55 minute documentary was produced without consent of the band, its management, or thier record company.  Because of this, it is ALL interview and contains no background music nor live clips (contractual reasons I  assume). <br />The bulk of this tape is comprised of large chunks of a  wonderful documentary (Omnibus, BBC) aired in November of 1994.  The other  bits and pieces are of varying quality and DO give this tape more of a  bootleg feel.<br />Bottom line: if you're a Floyd fan you'll find something of  interest here and there, but if you can, track down the Omnibus special.   It's widely available in most bootleg circles and is FAR superior to this  tape.
B00003CXAY|5.0|This film is a warning that mankind must heed.  We have created a world truely &quot;out of balance&quot;.  It is more than a movie; it is an experience that will change forever the way you see our planet and what we  are doing to it.  The film is poetry - a religion.
B00003CX96|4.0|A classic film about small town America, Breaking Away hits all the right notes in its portrayal of teenagers coming of age and coming to terms with growing up. Breaking Away manages to achieve what few films of recent years  have done successfully - give the viewer characters that they can empathise  with, root for and understand. Believable and honest in its approach, the  film combines humor and truely bittersweet moments in a story about Dave  Stohler and his twofold obsession with cycling and everything Italian - he  is in fact almost convinced he IS Italian much to the despair of his father  and the amusement of his friends. Dave and his friends are at a cross-road  in their lives - with the big decisions facing them; what are they to do  now that they're leaving school? For most of them there's only the prospect  of taking up bad paying jobs or leaving town in search of a future, while  the itinerant frat boys are always willing to keep them in their place. For  Dave though, his refuge is in the romantic world of Italian bike racing  that he has immersed himself in. His portrayal of the lovesick Italian  exchange student is particularly endearing, while the awful truth that he  faces about the heroes he's idolised for years is a sobering moment in the  film. The characters, story line and charm of this little known movie makes  it one of the classics that deserve a place in any collector's library.  Brilliant.
0783225849|5.0|This film was listed 18th on the American Film Institute's 100greatest films of all time and I still think it was underrated. Fromthe memorable performances by Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh and Martin Balsam to the spooky black and white cinematography to Bernard Herrmann's often imitated but never duplicated score, Psycho is about as close to perfect as a film can get. The only possible way this movie could be improved would be to somehow replace the overacted hysterical performance by Vera Miles as Lila Crane with that of Julianne Moore -- the ONLY thing better about the remake. By the way, those of you who actually think Gus Van Sandt's remake is better than Hitch's original need psychiatric care more than Norman Bates. Those of you who are fans of the original and do not have a DVD player should plunk down $300 and buy one so you can see this DVD edition. It's spectacular! Besides the usual biographies on the cast and crew, theatrical trailers, and still photos, this DVD edition contains many more valuable nuggets like the inclusion of a version of the shower scene without music. This enables the viewer to both hear the sound effects more clearly and to appreciate what an enormous contribution Bernard Herrmann's great score made to Psycho. The documentary, likewise, is not just another boring rehash of facts everyone knows, but an extremely informative record of the film with dozens of fascinating interviews with, among others, Janet Leigh, Hilton Green, Joseph Stefano and Patricia Hitchcock. In addition, the DVD includes great still photos as well as Psycho posters from both the U.S. and foreign releases. The DVD edition even includes Saul Bass' original storyboards for the shower scene (for those of you who are wondering, Janet Leigh, in the documentary, states rather emphatically that Hitchcock, and not Saul Bass, directed the shower scene). In short, if you are a fan of this great movie, you must get the DVD version -- you're missing out on so much with justthe VHS tape. Finally, to all those people who gave Psycho a negative review, no one is saying that Rosemary's Baby, Night of the Living Dead, Halloween, etc.  are not great horror films, but NONE of the them would have been made without Psycho! George Romero has stated very clearly that the final scene in Night of the Living Dead is an homage to the fruit cellar sequence in Psycho. Stephen King, one of the greatest horror writers of all time, has stated numerous times that Psycho is one of the greatest, if not THE greatest horror films of all time. Perhaps the thing that galls me the most, however, are the reviews that state that Psycho is not scary because it doesn't reach the level of gore seen in modern horror films. That's simply disgusting! You don't have to have eyeballs being ripped out, brains being splattered on walls and guts being spilled all over the floor to make a great horror film! Alfred Hitchcock had the great intelligence to realize that you did not need to stick the camera inside someone's guts to frighten. Not once in the course of Psycho do you actually see the knife penetrate flesh. Instead of splattering us with gore, Hitchcock leaves enough to the imagination to let our minds fill in the missing details.  It's sad that so many movie fans these days are so desensitized to graphic violence and so lacking in imagination that they have to have gore spilling all over their screen in order to be scared. Thankfully positive reviews of this film seem to outnumber the negative reviews by a wide margin. Alfred Hitchcock was a genius -- one of the greatest, if not THE greatest director of all time -- and nowhere is that genius more evident than in Psycho.
B000009GS7|5.0|IN THIS RECORD YOU CAN HEAR JEFF BECK WITH ROD STEWART, RONNIE WOOD AND NICKY HOPKINS, SO YOU CAN IMAGINE THE RESULT
0783113943|5.0|Angelina shines as both an amazinging actress,not just another face in the enormous crowd of celebrities. Her performance is unforgetable! I have never seen such wisdom at a craft as she posses, even at the most minute  things as her smile. She is the meaning of &quot;talent&quot;. After seeing  &quot;Gia&quot;, Angelina has come to be my favorite actress, my  inspiration, and my hero. She &quot;bacame&quot; Gia, it was touching and  painful,but amazingly real.I admire Angelina Jolie more than anyone, and  would do anything to meet her.
0140149295|5.0|I didn't read the book yet but I watched the movie.  I think he is a real hero and I think he is very lucky.  Without Lesra he wouldn't be able to get out of prison.  I must say that I am very deeply touched by his story.
079283321X|5.0|Quality film, however it's a well known fact that all americans are puffs.
B0000048V8|5.0|My three-year-old son and I were equally rapt as we watched this movie.  The flying sequence is breathtakingly perfect, and my son, who will never sing in front of me, after the second viewing started to unself-consciously  sing along with the boy soprano. The purity and innocence of his sweet  little boy voice reaching for the high notes - that alone brought tears to  my eyes, but when I finally got to see the ending, I cried just about as  much as at the end of E.T. (I'm 34 and my friends thought I was nuts).  I'm  buying another copy, even though my friend gave me hers when she saw how  attached we were to it - I figure it will make a wonderful present for some  other small child.  If you've got children, make it a point to watch this  with them, then move on to &quot;When the Wind Blows&quot; when they're in  junior high - both teach values you'll want to explore together.
B000002GJH|5.0|This is one of the best CDs i ever heard, and that's an understatement. The music of this supergroup keeps me alive when times are difficult. Anything i'll say will just degrade this wonderful piece of art. In my  opinion better than most of soundgarden &amp; Pearl jam works, and one of  the best cd's in the 90's. Pure genius.
157492589X|5.0|It has been many years since I have seen this movie, yet to this day whenever I think of it, I cannot help but tear up. &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; is not just the greatest television production of all time, but  one of the best movies ever filmed. The characters are all extremely well  drawn, the acting is nothing less than superb, and the script is absolutely  brilliant. This magnificent picture stays true to the romantic vision of  the American West while not shying away from the dark aspects of its  history. Because of this, the story has the sprawling look of an epic saga,  yet is on many levels an intimate story of friendship. <br />I love  practically everything about this movie, and only wish there were more like  it. This film definitely ranks with &quot;The Searchers,&quot; &quot;My  Darling Clementine,&quot; and &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; as one of the  greatest and most intelligent westerns of all time.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|How sad that Jennifer is being exploited for her name and her chunky body to sell CD's.  God knows it's not for her terrible voice.
0783222734|1.0|A production for which all facility of highest film technologies have been successfully used, a director who is said to be one of the tops in the USA. Yeahh, what is the result? Simply a show of those who run and those who (or  which) chase. Hurrah the monsters are coming behind us , so run for your  life!  Fine for children and fast moving male teenagers/youngsters, and  adults who are believed to have IQ of a kind (uch sorry I forgot) and for  the dinosaurs who might discover what a wisdom they have got enabling to  cope with human brains , which the movie tries to explain.Certainly it has  deserved the Oscars it has got, which is certainly not for what it is  trying to tell. Looking forward to another one in which run/chase show is  between humans and highest volume/weighing mezosoic era creatures, which  are not clever enough to dominate this world (what a pity)!
0782006809|1.0|It's probably pointless wasting my ire on what was intended as innocent fun, but there isn't much of that, and it is easy to see why Cary Grant, way before his time, cinema's greatest actor, gave up the ghost - minor  compensation comes from his evident, double-taking disgust at the tired  antics.  There is a brief vein of fantasy that if mined could have made for  a much more enjoyable film, but, you know, Doris Day.
B0000214F0|4.0|A very entertaining portrail of Roman times.  One must be into rather dark humor to appreciate it.  It does have one of the hottest Lesbian sex scenes I have ever seen!
B000009ED0|1.0|Kid Rock thinks he's a rapper because he thinks he raps like the true mc's out there,but he's got NO SKILLS and he's THE BIGGEST FAKER EVER!
0671042858|5.0|King stirikes again in his horrorifying new novel  The Girl who loved Tom Gordon. This book gets you lost in the woods with a young and sometimes hallucinating little girl. It has the dark feel of a CLive Barker novel.  King emphasizes the girls dieing and just when you think the terrors over  King leads you on another wrong turn.<br />The Girl who loved Tom Gordon is a  book that really makes you realize what being lost in the woods really  means. A terrorific book!
B000002BBY|5.0|I have all the 4 oasis albums and this one is definitively the BEST one. If you like oasis, then buy this album. It's GREAT!
B00003IPFK|3.0|This is without question one of the greatest western sagas every made, which makes one wonder why more care was not brought to the DVD edition.  I LOVE the story, and will watch this movie again and again.  But I was  sorely disappointed in the washed out, grainy look of the DVD.  What  happened?   I give this three stars for the quality of the DVD, the story  and actors receive the highest rating I could give.
6304233639|5.0|I must have seen this sbout 7 times in theaters a long time ago. It was a big box office hit. Totally great excitment with totally 5 great stars!
B000003B6J|5.0|This is still one of the greatest Hip Hop albums of all time. Dre's production is fantastic and Ice Cube's lyrics are some of the best ever. A  true classic. God bless the memory of Eazy-E.
0670824399|5.0|Matilda is an amazing little girl.  Her parents did not care much about her or what she did, and so they were oblivious to the fact that she was possibly the smartest little girl ever.  They are always calling her dumb and other things.  For the way that her little genius mind works, she comes  up with many many ways of getting back at her parents.  They never find out  that it is her playing all of the tricks.  She is actually never noticed  until she goes to school and Miss Honey sees that Matilda is a genius.   Just like at home there is a big mean woman, the head mistress, who is  standing in the way of Matilda advancing.  Matilda starts to plot ways to  get rid of the Trunchbull, and with Miss Honeys help they may or may not be  successful.
B000002513|5.0|This is without a doubt Bruce's most underrated album. That is a shame, because it is perfect from front to back. Although it has not matched the sales of Born to Run or Born in the USA, it is every bit as good as those  masterpieces. Unlike Bruce's debut, the music really helps the Boss'  stories come to life. Spanish Johnny, Peurto Rican Jane, Rosalita, Wild  Billy, and everyone else practically jump out of the speakers. The album  covers a wide range of styles (rock, funk, r&amp;b, jazz) in just seven  songs. Like Born to Run (and pretty much everything Bruce has ever done)  this album is well worth any price you pay for it!
6304708521|4.0|First, if you're not a true Beatles fan, this is not a film you should be looking for.  But, if you are a fan of the Beatles, please note: the music on this video-tape (I don't know about the DVD) is a unique mix, and sounds  very different (and much better) from the MMT cd.  For instance, there is  an additional cello overdub on this version of Blue Jay Way.  Also, instead  of the tinny &quot;fake stereo&quot; effect on the second half of Walrus,  this version has it in full mono, a GREAT improvement! All of the other  songs are also considerably different on these special video mixes.  A true  Beatle fan will want these special remixes in their music library, no  matter what they think of the video itself.<br />What do I think of the video  itself?  For me, it's a chance to see the actual Beatles in 1967, walking,  talking, interacting, dancing.  That is pretty rare, as they made few  appearances that year.  However, here is precious little merit to the  actual film; the dialog(?) is poor, there is little humor, and John and  George seem very bored. But, as has been said so many times, it's the only  place to see Walrus, and the Flying and Your Mother Should Know sequences  are quite good as stand alone videos.  Fool on the Hill is innoculous; Blue  Jay Way is tedious. That's as videos, though.  Better to just close your  eyes and enjoy the best mix of this music you're ever likely to hear.
B00000JCOV|1.0|my friend had me listen to this cd, and it is aweful! They just scream and hit guitar strings or drums or whatever and hope it works. i don't have anything against heavy music, but there are many much better bands, like  Static-X, System of a down, Deftones, old everclear (new everclear  sucks),colorfinger,Manson, kidrock, and the pearl jam stuff of of the  vitalogy album
B00000JXZ7|2.0|Kyung-Wha Chung tends to be too edgy, histrionic and out of control.  She is just a nice violinist, not a good musician.  That's why she can't try Mozart until now. I want her sound to be warmer and more controlled like  Young-Uck Kim or David Oistrakh.
0792101448|5.0|This is an awsome western. The ultimate Western. It's very hip, very haunting. None of the usual good guy vs bad guy stuff. No Hollywood great white hope saves the day patriotic gha gha. The characters are all very  intriguing. Henry Fonda and Charles Bronson do their absolute best work  here. Gabriele Ferzetti is glorious. Sergio Leone has style to spare.  Filmed in 1967/68 Leone's style is still so fresh and exciting. A very cool  little American tale told ever so slowly and deliberately by Leone,  Bertolucci and Argento.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This band is overflowing with talent, and that is why thisalbum was somewhat below my original expectations. The Chili Peppersseemed to put out more radio-oriented songs this time, although the majority of the album is fairly well done. Do yourself a favor and buy Blood Sugar Sex Magik instead.
0792101448|5.0|This is my all time favorite western and also one of my top ten all time favorite movies. Sergio Leone's direction is exceptional. I think many movies since have barrowed from Leone, Bertolucci and Argento's work here.  This is no corn ball good guy vs bad guy hollywood western. No baudy  loudmouthed brawling jerks here. None of the typical great white heroics or  patriotic ga-ga. Both Henry Fonda and Charles Bronson put forth what I  consider to be their best performances in this movie. Gabriele Ferzetti is  glorious. All of the characters in Leone's tale are very intriguing. Your  time watching this haunting western will be well spent.
0151001820|2.0|The premise of the book definitely has potential to be intriguing, enticing, and unusual, but the potential is just never fully realized.  Two separate plots are loosely joined in the novel--the search for demonic  books and the answers therein and the half-hearted muddling about a Dumas  manuscript--and neither is fully fleshed out.  Some of the plot twists are  simply silly and the eventual denouments (two, one for each of the plots)  are by turns ridiculous and boring.  The main character is intriguing, but  around him are assembled cardboard cut-outs of characters.  Not a terrible  novel, but just so much less than it could be.  A shame. I was convinced to  buy the book solely by the book cover promise that it was a cross between  The Name of the Rose and The Three Musketeers--it is, resoundingly, not  even close.  Rather than buy this book, read (or re-read) either of those  other two--it will be a much more satisfying investment of time.
B00004LN16|2.0|I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF AC/DC SINCE 1975 WITH THE BON SCOTT DAYS.THIS CD IS MORE OF THE SAME FROM BALLBREAKER,AN O.K. CD BUT NOTHING TO GET EXCITED ABOUT.HARD CORE FANS LIKE MYSELF SHOULD BUY THIS BUT IF YOU ARE NEW TO  AC/DC DON`T START WITH THIS ONE,TRY LET THERE BE ROCK OR BACK IN BLACK.
078401213X|5.0|Loved the way this movie was filmed. Very pretty to look at.<br />Here's what I got. This wacked out guy who has really bad headaches sits in his apartment all day with this junky Cro-Magnon homemade computer and does  some big math problems and gets nowhere. He likes to squash ants and  whenever someone comes to his door he acts like they are going to kill  him.<br />He goes on a subway to this bar or something and reads the stock  market while drinking coffee and observing spirals and this jewish guy  comes up to him and blabs to him about secret godly messages hidden in  numbers then he usually freaks out and has natural acid trips and wakes up  with bloody noses. These wall street goons keep calling him asking him to  decode something and they offer him a chip for doing and he goes through  his usual routine of freaking out and headaches and ant sqaushing. This  happens for 90 minutes then he drills a hole in his head and forgets  everything he knows about math. THE END.<br /> Meaning? <br />I don't know but I  like watching this film. I just forget all the math jumble and symbolism  and just enjoy and good picture. <br />This movie, to me, is like looking at  your favorite painting. I like to look at it alot.
B000002GJ7|5.0|I guess this was one of my absolute favourites when I was around 20. It still is.<br />Great ROCK songs. You can feel the extreme joy the band has in playing. You can feel the fun they had putting together the lyrics. Feel  the &quot;let's do it&quot; experimental ideas in the sometimes unorthodox  details added before and after every piece.<br />This is great fun, great  lyrics (some might misinterprete them as very hostile and provoking and  unethical - I just consider them as pure fun and sarcastic satire).<br />This  is great rock, great music. Right from the speedy Pornograffitti, through  the album's best piece He-Man Woman Hater, to the beautiful jazzy ballad  When I First Kissed You.<br />EXTREMEly great satirical hardrock album!
B00000DGUG|4.0|I finally got it, after having bought the single Thank You previously. Sure, I don't like EVERY song, but this is great - lyrically &amp; musically.  So Pure is pure magic. I didn't like her when she was an angry  little girl, so was very pleased to encounter a mature, intelligent rock  album.
6305627401|5.0|Many of the haters of this film didn't stop for two seconds to think about what this movie is saying.  South Park, Bigger etc.... is a film that depics modern society in cartoon form.  Partents blaming everyone but  themselves for thier childrens actions, using war instead of reasoning, so  on and so forth.  This movie won't win many or any awards, but it made me  laugh so hard that i cried through half of it.  Must have if you are one of  those fans who actually watch the show to take in Matt and Trey's brilliant  humor.  Not for the weak minded or easily offended.
630575067X|5.0|If anyone gave this movie less than five stars they should be drug out into the street and shot with a blaster rifle.  It is undoubtedly the best of the Star Wars movies, and in my opinion is one of the best of all time.   It has awesome special effects, a devious plot, and great characters.   Darth Maul is the coolest, and Ray Park is also very talented.  The  lightsaber duel is the best one of any of the Star Wars movies, mostly due  to the advanced FX of today that the older movies did not have access to.   I saw this movie five times at the theatre and I can't wait for it to come  out on video and DVD.
B000002UE1|4.0|'Nothing is the same', if you like hard-rock you have to hear it (if you haven't yet) that could change your preconceptions of rock music !  Me ? I know and like this album (and some other GFR outfits) for more years than I  care to enumerate. My 30 years old copy of this disc has gone for long; the  cd has, at least, the merit of avoiding the extra noises of surface  scratch, dirt and atomic dust particles. If you don't have some FUNK  allergies, this album waits to play on your turntable, cd player or  cassette deck. ROCK ON !
0783241569|5.0|So romantic. My friend is reading over my shoulder. I am reviewing 'Notting Hill' Amanda. So anyway, great movie, go tell Aunt Roadie. The old gray (and great) goose is dead.
B000009VOL|3.0|When another music fan mentioned Cat Power in conjunction with Shannon Wright, I decided to give Cat Power a try.  Wright's multi-instrumental prowess and rich, expressive voice were a marvel, and her Flightsafety was  easily the best album of 1999.<br />As for Cat Power, all I can say is that it  was a sore, sore disappointment.<br />Chan Marshall's voice is pretty, but  never goes beyond that.  She sings in a coo, usually accompanied by a  single instrument (guitar or piano).  The result?  Recordings that are  mostly in one tempo, and not enough diversity.  Whereas Wright uses twisty  melodies, lyrical poetry and moments of exhilarating strength to enrich  even her slower songs, Marshall stubbornly sticks to the low-fi  minimalistic approach and, quite frankly, induced sleep in me.  Her lyrics  are nothing to write home about, and the whole album is like a nice girl  next door without anything really interesting to say -- sweet for a couple  of minutes, but not nearly enough to sustain a whole album's running  time.<br />For low-fi, intimate music with heart and brains, go for Julie  Doiron's Loneliest in the Morning.
B000003TAW|5.0|You'll read review after review praising this CD and eventually you have to wonder, &quot;Is it worth it?&quot;.  The answer is simply yes.  From the first moment of My Name is Jonas to the bittersweet finish of Only in  Dreams these four outcasts never miss a note.  Which songs are my favorite?   It doesn't matter.  One listen and you'll be fighting to the death for  yours.  Maybe the undeniable of hook of The World has Turned and Left Me  Here is what gets you, or the crunchy-simple-sweetness of Buddy Holly, but  rest assured it will happpen.  Buy the CD, learn the words, and soon you'll  realize the delicate ego can rock with the best of them.
B00003CWL5|3.0|American Beauty adds to the list of mediocre Oscar winners such as Forrest Gump. This film is very much like a TV sitcom with a few twists. Kevin Spacey has that appealing persona, though his character doesn't have much depth. His wife is an extremely unappealing character, and very annoying. The kids are okay and have some funny one liners. There are some good impressionistic effects such as the red rose petals covering the foxy cheerleader. The lady sitting behind me in the theatre was laughing hysterically at things I considered slightly amusing, and she cried at the end. I have no idea why. The overall effect of the film is the typical midlife crisis, with some bizarre and unbelievable incidents... Also the film explains too much, the mark of directing for the masses (\\"you know I'm kidding, dont you\\") I give the film 3 stars for Spacey's acting, good as usual, but the film has no message beyond what a cutting edge sitcom's message would be. But in that case better to watch Married with Children.  When the writer accepted the academy award for this he thanked a paper bag...I'm not joking.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I am a fan of some Chilli Peppers stuff, but not enough to just  go out buy the new CD. Im also very skeptical of pop music nowdays. I bought this after hearing it from a freind. It blew my mind! Not a bad song on the whole CD. The lyrics are beautiful and very deep. This album represents the pinnacle of thier artistic metamorphisis, from a punkish pop grunge band, to a serious group of atists that will be making great tunes for years to come. If you like what you have heard off the radio from this album, the B sides are every bit as good or better.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication has the comeback of guitarist JohnFrusciante. Rick Rubin also comes back to produce The RCHP onCalifornication. Even though this album isn't as good as Blood Sugar Sex Magik, Californication is my second favorite RHCP album and its way better than One Hot Minute. The songs aren't as hard as the ones on their other albums but the songs on Californication still have a nice beat to them. It has some great soft songs like Otherside, Parallel Universe, Californication, This Velvet Glove, and Road Trippin. It has some faster songs like Easily, Around the World, Right on Time, and I like Dirt. I think Californication would be perfect if they would have taken Porcelain off it. I just skip Porcelain when I get to it though. Californication is very good and I'd suggest buying right away if you haven't already. I got it 2 days after it came out and I still listen to it almost on a daily basis.
0790734249|5.0|Nominated for numerous Academy Awards, this film is a one-of-a-kind.  Tom Hulce and F. Murray Abraham are excellent.  This film has great acting, costumes, directing and music.  If you love classical music and good  actors, this is the film for you.  One of my favorites!
B0000070SG|5.0|I am not a Hawkwind follower (the contemporary Hawkwind is, well how should I put it..hmm...dead), but Dave Brock and co. did in their early days search for space, and I dare say found it on this very album. My  favorite tracks are the very catchy &quot;Masters of the universe&quot; and  the beautiful &quot;Children of the sun&quot;. All the songs are great  though, and In search of space can rightfully be called a classic.
0440219078|4.0|It was avery sound book about a utopia and how it would be like. It was mostly in suspence but at times I found it dull and contrary. It semmed to repeate some aspects. It told about the comunity and how it was like. Jonas  reiceived all the sads memories that were prior on the burden of the Giver.  He was the one that got the job to have all the memories, happy, sad, etc.  If you like science fiction you will absolutly love this book.
0783240503|4.0|This is a wonderful video to own. The stage production can not be duplicated, but this is the next best thing. It is much better than some of the brainless movies so readily available. Get this video and revel in the  great music and excellent performance by Donny Osmond, he is wonderful. I'm  sending a copy to both my daughters!
0451160916|5.0|I have always scared easily, but the first scary movie I could ever sit through was the Shining. I was amazed at the story, and I loved the moral of child survival. So I finally decided to read the book and realized  something....the book is not only better and more descriptive then the  movie, but it is alot scarier. In the movie, Jack Torrence had an ax that  he chopped doors down with. In the book he has a croquet mallet. That is  another thing I learned...you can hit someone alot more times with a  croquet mallet then with an ax....OUCH!  Steven King is a genious...even  though every time I read one of his books I swear never again, I always  pick another one up....he is truly amazing!
0375707972|5.0|For anyone who likes their stories transparent and easily digestible, this novel will prove disappointing;  for those who love Ford Madox Ford's 'Good Soldier', it will exceed our expectations.  Its control of point-of-view is  masterly.  <br />It is, as it tells us, a novel of 'unconscious pain' - of  Michael, Hanna, his parents, and the unwitting victims of the Holocaust,  those children of the survivors.  To unlock the novel, we have first to  understand its metaphoric nature.  We are given a clue from the image of  the house which invests Michael's dreams.  Within the austere prose, we  snatch glimpses of a far greater pain, like a house which gives us just a  hint of the spaces within; or like having a quick look through a window  into room upon room. Doors are seen leading to more doors, and in reading  the novel, we must unlock them ourselves. <br />'The Reader' tells us more  from what it leaves  unsaid than what it says and demands of us an  involvement that lesser books do not.  Often it depends on just a word or  two.  But don't be disappointed by its deceptively casual references and  allow its magic to work.  In return it will enthrall you.
0688171664|5.0|I tried to read ZAMM years ago and didn't get past the first chapter. My mindset was impatient and I wasn't prepared to think about the issues he was raising. One of Pirsig's classic gumption traps, I guess.<br />Something  told me to try it again, so I checked out a copy of the original edition  from the library. I just finished the book and now I'm buying my own copy.  Prisig is one of those rare authors who can express emotions so subtly and  naturally that you actually feel them rather than just read about them. He  also has a remarkable way of blending the past, the present and the deep  thoughts of two distinct points of view into one smoothly flowing  narrative. Just when things might start to drag he switches gears (no pun  intended) and lets us all just ride along for a while.<br />This isn't the  type of book that everyone will read straight through, or that everyone  will appreciate right away. And there's really no reason to force it: Put  it down, come back later, read back over the part you didn't quite get.  There's no hurry. And when you finally arrive at the destination, the end  of that cross-county motorcycle ride, and contemplate the remarkable ideas  you've picked up along the way you'll smile, think back, and realize how  much you enjoyed the trip.<br />-Bryan
6305627347|5.0|this film is full of the raunchiest funniest humor i've seen in years.  this is the kind of stuff that would make redd foxx blush, and that's precicely what makes it so good!  mat and trey are pushing the envelope,  and i still think 'blame canada' should have won an oscar, m-kay.
B000000H5J|5.0|Well to start off this cd is badass! If you like Death Metal, Industrial Metal, and Harcore Metal you'll love this CD! With songs like Demanufacture, Zero Signal, and Replica it's headbangers bliss.  The band  is also very orignal with Dino (the gutairst) doing those machine gun riffs  (best example of that would be in the beginning of PISSCHRIST) and Burton  (the vocalist) when he changes his voice from that real deep voice  (something like the guy in Cannibal Corpse) to that softer more melody like  voice is sweet and kinds odd. And Raymond (the drummer) at how he uses  those foot pedals to make the drums keep up with Dino. To put all this  simple BUY THIS NOW!
B00000F14B|1.0|I love the movie, always have. On a 50-inch, digital tv, the DVD version is horrible. The picture looks so squeezed together that it loses it big screen vibrancy. I will buy it on tape even though I usually prefer DVD. My  first DVD failure.
6305128952|5.0|I never believed one movie could be as funny as it was tear-jerking. You WILL not make it thru this film without shedding at least one tear, nor will you be able to control your laughter! You never know who's side to  take, you love all the characters and feel for each of them, at the same  time you want to shake each of them to bring them to their senses. Please  don't pass this film by!
0195073401|2.0|This book is certainly complete, and it is a solid reference.  However, there are sections where it seems the authors take great pleasure in making relatively simple concepts much more confusing than they need to be.   Bland, boring writing, and atrocious lay-out make it painful to read at  times.  I can see how some people might like this book....people I have  ZERO in common with.  Burrying the beautiful intuition of economics under a  pile of cumbersome notation isn't helping anyone.
0671867369|5.0|Growing up just as the Viet Nam era was drawing to a close, I always felt I missed one of life's valuable experiences by not being in the service.  Therefore, I've tried to live vicariously through great books.  This is one  of them.  What made it even more memorable was a startling discovery as I  was reading the book.  I came upon the a soldier named Forrest Guth.  This  also happened to be the name of my shop teacher at Brandywine High School  in Wilmington Delaware.  I wondered how many &quot;Forrest Guths&quot;  there could be in America.  Checking the postscript on what happened to the  &quot;Brothers&quot; after the war, sure enough it said he became a shop  teacher in Wilmington Delaware.  <br />I was overcome with gratitude, but  remorse that I didn't know his bravery and courage and willingness to put  his life on the line for what he would later find to be a bunch of  snot-nosed privileged high school kids.  Mr. Guth, you are a true hero. I'm  sorry I never had the chance to tell you that.
B000002KLP|4.0|Those who love Prince's rebellious sexual energy oozing out of every note...probably already have this:).  It began with Soft and Wet, but this is like the pinnacle of sexy with songs like the title track and Head -  which some find tame by today's standards, but we must remember those  standards were set by songs like Head 20 years ago!  You have to admire  someone who will take the risk of doing his own thing.  This album is full  of fast-paced, disco-style, party greatness with a mid-album breather in  Gotta Broken Heart Again.  Even if you don't like where Prince has taken  his music in the last decade or so, this is truly classic Prince and  nothing compares.
B0000041Z6|4.0|This cycle offers a great deal of music for the money. I feel reluctant to offer the highest rating as I find the quality of the interpretations somewhat uneven. No. 1 is excellent, No.2 is very well performed vocally  and orchestrally, but is quite overpowered and lacking in spiritual depth  in the finale, No. 3 is good but not great (say compared to Haitink or  Tennstedt), No. 4 is very good, No. 5 is too brisk, Nos. 6 &amp; 7 are  somewhat overdramatized, No. 8 is by general concensus a classic  performance, and No. 9 is fine too, given that the extreme contrasts and  rather aggressive edge to the sound is justifiable by the corresponding  notes in the score itself (as explained in detail in the excellent  documeentation).  The CSO playing is superlative throughout the cycle. I do  find that Solti misses some of the Wunderhorn fun of the middle symphonies  to a degree.  The digital recording is very close and as a result the sound  picture has a harder edge than is sometimes appropriate for the music. It  does not always make for comfortable listening in spite of the brilliant  playing. I do enjoy the 8th in this cycle, especially the contributions of  the off-stage brass at the closing sections of the Veni, Creator Spiritus  and the Alles Vergangliche, however, the organ playing is much louder than  in most of the other recordings of this epic work. At essentially budget  price it remains a fine recommendation.
B000001E3V|5.0|this Multi-Set Rocks.Now First of all I'm Not a Fan of Eric Clapton's.I Respect His Guitar Playing but his Vocals&amp;Material is so Run of the Mill.But this Set shows what he does extremly well.Clapton&amp;Crew get  Right all the way thru on this set.everything works.The Fillmore always  Brought the Best Out of Artists.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I like one song on this CD--&quot;Nobody Like You.&quot; For the most part, the CD is full of Fred Durst whining about his ex-girlfriends or females in general. There's a minimal amount of talent here.
B000002TLX|2.0|Richard Marx has a few songs I Like.Don't Mean Nothing is a good song and a trip cuz it trashes the Music Business.that's The Don Henley Effect mixed in with Richard.Henley Produced the cut it has that Eagles Vibe going  on.Should've Known Better was catchy in a Kenny Loggins kind of way.Keep  Coming Back was the cut with Luther Vandross adding vocals.If Marx had have  used this type of song as a Springboard then I would dig his Work More.but  more often than not he is Happy in Sappyville.He used to Sing so much for  CHicago that I thought he was gonna join them but in a way he did he  followed their Pattern of making Sappy POP.Lionel RICHIE Sadly did this way  too Many times as well.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie has some great images and it takes the scary children's story to the ultimate level of horror.  Is there anyone more perfect that Christopher Walken for the horseman?  He is the theatrical embodiment of  evil.
0156711427|2.0|How this book, and Forster's work in general, can be so highly rated by critics who actually appear to be intelligent at the expense of genuine geniuses of the time like Joyce, Huxley is amazing. Just because I find  something dry and boring doesn't mean it isn't great literature, but this  does not apply to Forster, who is dry, boring, shows no psychological  insight whatsoever, has wooden, unrealistic characters and dialogue and  very few redeeming features at all. This novel has been described as  &quot;enchanting, epic and profound&quot;; if you've heard this and are  thinking of buying it then you should direct your attentions to Joyce's  &quot;Finnegans Wake&quot;, Huxley's &quot;Point Counter Point&quot; or  T.S. Eliot's poetry, all of which are far superior to this aristocratic,  narrow sighted rubbish.
0440117658|2.0|As much as I love Kurt Vonnegut, I failed to be moved by this book.  It lacks the energy needed to hold the plot together, and it was only a vague curiosity and feeling of obligation which kept me from abandoning it  halfway through.  Hardcore Vonnegut fans may appreciate it regardless, but  for anyone else I would recommend The Sirens of Titan (my personal  favorite) or one of Vonnegut's many other wonderful novels.
1573225517|5.0|High Fidelity is the only book I can remember that acutally caused me to laugh out loud.  My wife can attest to the number of times I woke her up to read a particularly amusing passage.  In fact, I read her so many, she  decided there was no point in reading the book herself.  An easy read, it  offers insight into middle age human frailty (primarily male frailty) in an  extremely entertaining and humorous fashion.  High Fidelity is a novel that  Dave Barry would be proud of, although he might be a bit jealous.  Two  thumbs up!
B0000027F3|5.0|When I Bought This cd,I expected the classic sound of Screaming For Vengeance,or Ram it Down,but instead I heard this straight out heavy masterpiece.Different,but worth the $.If you like metallica,or Pantera this  album is for you!
B00003Q438|5.0|Having seen the Abyss at original theatrical release time, I felt like something was missing from the movie. Well, this got rectified to a large extend with this DVD version. The added footage makes the movie much more  satisfying and complete. Offcourse, any &quot;mostly under water&quot;  movie should only be viewed with the picture clarity (and sound) of the DVD  medium. <br />The added features are extensive enough to warrant the second  DVD. Our whole family was interested enough to have a sort of Abyss night,  we spent hours viewing, reviewing and discussing the movie and all it's  features. The only drawback is that your expectations fot the next DVD's  feature set will probably be a bitter disappointment.<br />I recommend this  DVD version to every Sci-Fi fan and/or anyone who enjoyed it's original  release.
B000023VR6|5.0|Well i think this cd is off the hook with the sweet beats that make the car bounce to the slick rhymes plus with the cd including some of the best in the business Eminem, Snoop,and many others this is deffinently a 5 on my  chart
B000002U6E|4.0|In Enigma's search to become more innovative they both successful and a failure.  The second album discards the Monk chants for Wailing vocals, Native American vocals, and other surprises.  THe clarity on some of the  tracks is terrible.  Perhaps the most intresting tracks on the CD are dream  of the Dolphin and out of the Deep, both with a strangely upbeat sound as  compared to the other songs.
B00000IQCA|5.0|I really thoought this review was very good.
B00003XB8K|2.0|The latest Enigma album is perhaps the largest dissapointment.  Cretu's talents seemed to have been somewhat strained with this album.  As always he add's his voals to some tracks.  His voice while okay on the first album  has gotten steaily worse.  Becoming both grating and often  incomprehensible.  The lyrics have become almost mundane in there effort to  be amibigious.  It is still listenable but I do not suggest playing it  along side the previous albums
B00003CX95|5.0|People are not paying attention to history while viewing this picture, they are learning.  Learning not of history, but, rather...learning how to live, and love, and to fight hard for what one believes in...to go it alone, no matter what it costs.  Wallace was an extremely tortured soul,  with very good reason.  Ask yourself:  &quot;What would I do if someone  slashed my mate's throat?&quot; It certainly gets my gears turning, and my  blood boiling.  He did exactly what I would've done, AVENGE!   He had  balls.  Sorry, no history book ever taught me these things.   History=BORING!   This movie is not trying to be accurate,  it's trying to  wake people up, to make them appreciate things most of us take for  granted......to fight, and never give up.  To love with all of your heart  and soul.  Passion just oozes from me when I watch this movie, over and  over and over again.  It is my roadmap to life.  It stirs something in me,  something that has been dormant for too long.  Missed it on the big screen,  what a shame.  This movie changed the way I am living my life......for  real.   FREEDOM!
B000002NHN|5.0|When first listening to this album I did not know quite what to say.  Loreena Creates a wonderful Cd filled with haunting almost medieval melodies, and flowing pieces with almost Mid Eastern to Celtic flare.  Her  music contains complex scores for many instruments creating a rolling  wonderful music that will relax, delight, enrapture you.  THe songs Range  from the Mummers dance to the Rhymatic instrumental the Marco Polo.
6305161879|5.0|c c c classic!   The funniest movie I've ever seen.  Really.
B000006MS3|4.0|The Dreaming is my first Kate album, and the one that got me hooked.  It's song's are very unique and enjoyable to listen to.  Kate covers a range of topics and emotions.  The best track is the Dreaming with it's multiple  layers of sound, and powerful lyrics, and then suspended in Gaffa.
B000002INJ|5.0|Kings of metal, (Manowar), create an album of great power &amp; speed metal! This is one metal CD which belongs in any &quot;metal-maniac's&quot; CD rack. This album will take you on a fantastic journey to a time of old,  and a time when warriors fought to the death! The music is sort of a mix of  &quot;Flotsam &amp; Jetsam&quot; meets &quot;Blind Guardian&quot;. <br />Get  it, listen to it, crank it WAY UP! &gt;HAIL&lt;
B000002URV|5.0|The First and best of the Enigma cd's.  This Cd is perhaps there best work, with a smooth blending of Gregorian chant, and dance rhythms in Saddness.  Callas Went away is a relaxing piece with quiet music and soft  vocals with an operatic interlude.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Kimberly Peirce's debut film BOYS DON'T CRY put Hilary Swank on the map with its brilliant and horrifying, heartbreaking and beautiful, romantic and sad story of Brandon Teena, a young man in Nebraska who found the wrong  friends, hung out with them long enough, and rubbed them the wrong way. His  story is so important and beautiful and wonderful that it needs to be  taught in classrooms. It may be hard for mainstream America to hear, but  it's a heartland story that should be known. Beautiful and sad, Brandon's  love for Lana is the purest thing in the world and one moment of this movie  is so heartbreakingly forshadowing and so beautifully pure, I wanted to  freeze frame and just end on that note. It didn't...but the ending brings  hope to a world of muck and filth and maybe,just maybe,that hope is as pure  as the duo's love.
B00000DQSS|5.0|Of all Kate Bushes works today, Never Forever is perhaps the best.  Of all her works it is the best blend of whimsical, serious, odd, and emotional.  It ranges from the dreamlike Delius, to the chilling song Breathing.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is an absolute work of art, intelligence, insight and alot of thought put into the writing of the lyrics.  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is refreshingly part sad, yet optimistic.  Along with all the other tracks on  the cd, I can actually listen to the ENTIRE cd without skipping or wanting  to miss a song simply because I do not care for it.  Each and every song is  unique and beautiful in its own way.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The love-it versus hate-it camps in Kubrick's audience seem more polarized than combatants in many of the world's political hotspots! It's an amazing feat in itself, to generate such visceral response in so many, yet Kubrick  has done it repeatedly.  Merely &quot;long and boring&quot; movies do not  compel such emotional outpourings.  The key to viewing &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; is to do so shorn of expectations and considerations about its  marketing.  Enter the film as you would a dream of a long ago fairytale  labryinth.
0783240503|5.0|Back In December 99 I had the pleasure of performing this wonderful play, and when I heard the video was due to come out I was on pins and needles the entire wait. And now that I've seen it I realize the wait was well  worth it. Joseph does an excellent transition to film. far FAR superior to  CATS the actors in this version are truly sublime. Donny Osmond is, and  will always be the best performer to ever portray Joseph. Friedman had a  wonderful, charming touch as the narrator, and Attenborough gave me a  surprise in his portrayal of Jacob. Ian McNiece, though had an interesting  edge as Potiphar, his mighty roar just wasn't intimidating enough. I think  that everyone should see this movie. It's a fine example of what movie  musicals can be. Let's just pray that &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; will  work. (crossing fingers.)
6305807086|5.0|Don't get me wrong- I loved American Beauty.  I was shocked by The Sixth Sense.  I was moved by Magnolia.  But for me, the movie in 1999 that made me sit back and say &quot;wow&quot; was Being John Malkovich.<br />I am sure  you know the plot, and words wouldn't help to describe how original (and  ingenious) it is.  The film works on so many levels- it is a screwball  comedy, an existential discussion of the nature of existence, a study of  sexual identity, and a satire of the modern desire to &quot;escape&quot;  from life.  On top of all of that, it is darn entertaining to watch!<br />The  characters (played to perfection but Cusack, Diaz, Keener, and Malkovich  himself) are all well-drawn, and the actors do a fantastic job- wait until  you see Diaz, unrecognizable in frizzy hair and frumpy dress.  <br />The  directing is top notch as well.  Spike Jonze (of Three Kings fame) has made  a wise choice- he recognizes the script is the star and has directed a film  without any flashy camera work, which would detract from the real focal  point.  That is not to say the work is pedestrian- he did everything that  had to be done to make the film, and he did it well (note his Oscar nod for  best director).<br />The production design is a big star here as well.  The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.<br />The best word to describe this film is &quot;giddy.&quot;  I saw  that because that is what I brought away from it- I felt giddy watching it,  and you can teel the cast and crew felt the same making it.  The best thing  I have read about the film was from a rejection letter from another studio,  which neglected to option the screenplay:  &quot;I'm sure Being John  Malkovich would be regarded as a work of genius on whatever planet it was  written.&quot;  If that doesn't make you want to see the thing, nothing  will.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I really think SlipKnot are the best so far. I'm listening to their album constantly, and I think Liberate is just an excellent track. It's a shame they cancelled their European tour...I'm just imagining what it would be  like when they come to Manchester...explosive!
B00003CXDV|4.0|I was looking foward to this film from the minute I read the premise, and I was not dissapointed.  The film has a great set-up and it totally delivers.  The &quot;adventure&quot; portion even ends up being better than  the last Star Trek movie.<br />This movie was very well-cast.  Weaver is  hilarious as the ditzy blonde, but no character tops Tim Allen's unexpected  turn as a William Shatner-ish actor who finds out he got a little more than  he bargained for when he agreeded to visit the &quot;spaceship&quot; of a  few odd-looking fans.<br />The only problem I had with the film (and it is a  small complaint) was that it turns out to be a &quot;real&quot; movie, as  opposed to an out-and-out comedy.  True, there is a lot of humor  (especially if you are a Trekker/Trekkie), but in the end, there is a real  plot as opposed to a lot of one-liners and crazy situations.  <br />How is  this a problem, you ask?  Well, maybe it isn't.  I just saw the film once  in the theater, and I was expecting a laugh-fest.  Knowing what to expect  at home, I will enjoy it a lot more (and I liked it the first time).  I  just thought you might like to know that it may not be what you expect.   Still, definatly worth the time and at least one of the funnier movies of  last year.
B00003CX8U|4.0|Am I the only 30-something that first awakened to the idea of cinema, of film as an art-form, after seeing &quot;Jazz&quot;? Maybe it does define directorial self-gratification; maybe it damn near celebrates nihilism -  but wasn't that final &quot;zip&quot; stunning at the time? &quot;It's  showtime folks&quot;, indeed!
B00003CX5A|3.0|I was really, really looking foward to seeing this movie in the theaters last year.  It opened the same week at The World is Not Enough, and I made plans with a friend to see both in the same night.  Let me tell you, it was  a disappointing evening!<br />First, my friend bailed (family problems).  Oh  well, I thought, I have time to kill, I'll go anyway.  The first film I saw  was TWINE, which was a letdown to say the least.  That got me even more  excited for Sleepy Hollow- I KNEW it would be good.  Well, I don't know if  it was good or not, but I didn't enjoy it.<br />The good:  The film is  beautiful.  It and American Beauty were the two best-looking films of 1999.   Everything from the colors to the framing was spot-on- this film is going  to look great on DVD.  The acting was great, and the action scenes were  cool.  I loved the headless horseman!<br />The bad:  WHERE WAS THE SCRIPT?    The plot of this film made no sense to me at all the first time I saw it.   It was all about some secret that these old guys were trying to KEEP  secret.  The tough part was, we were supposed to figure out who they were  and the connections between them by listening to Depp talk, but when all he  is doing is saying the names of these guys (names we have heard once or  twice, tops) it all gets a bit confusing.  Add to that the fact that all  the guys look the same and it becomes easy to get mixed up.  And the plot  itself (once I mapped it out) was convoluted and hokey anyway.<br />Overall, I  thought the movie was ok.  I liked everything but the script/story, and  what is a movie without at least a passable script?<br />Now, I now I am going  to get a lot of &quot;unhelpful&quot; reviews because it seems every  negative review, no matter how well-written ends up with 200  &quot;unhelpful&quot; votes, I want you to know that I actually raised my  rating of the film from 2 to 3 stars as I wrote, although 2 1/2 is more  accurate.  Not a bad film (and the best for Burton, visuals-wise), but  really lacking in the script department.  Nevertheless, lots of genre fans  seem to love it, so byall means, try it at least once! I ended up seeing it  again at a discount theater, and I liked it a bit more there, but not  enough to pre-order it, even with the director's commentary.  I got  Pee-Wee's Big Adventure instead.  Now THERE is a Burton film that delivers  on all counts!
B0000033OZ|4.0|Usually, people who talk of ELP's self-titled debut say something like, &quot;well, it's good, but...,&quot; and then go on about the excellence of Brain Salad Surgury or Trilogy.  While the latter titles are indeed very  good, one should not overlook this fine album.  <br />ELP's debut is a great  introduction to the band; one its virtues is that it's a bit more  accessible than the majority of their later material.  Of course, there's  Lucky Man, a Greg Lake song that's fun to sing along with (and even better  on the 'Welcome Back My Friends' double live album)...and Knife Edge, a  dark, brooding and exciting track (one that I always use to introduce  friends to the band, as it sounds as current as anything around  today).<br />Then, new fans can also be introduced to the awesome talents of  Keith Emerson on The Barbarian and The Three Fates, and to the equally  awesome talents of Carl Palmer on all tracks but especially Tank.  And,  having said all of this, the one track remaining is the best one--Take a  Pebble, an amazing song which includes a variety of different genres of  music, and which will have you pounding your fist on the table with a cry  of, &quot;where has all the great music gone? &quot;  Well, who  knows...but we can still look into the past and find gems like this album  and the albums of many other progressive bands.
B00000K19E|1.0|Yes! Cant get ppl which love this :(
0783226063|3.0|I think the biggest flaw in this film can be traced back to the source material. Dune is one of the most overrated novels in all of science fiction. Herbert's book, like the film, had some great parts and was a masterpiece of conceptualization, but his writing is dull and he often lost  touch with his vision, turning out many, many pages of boring exposition.  Lynch made a gallant attempt to translate the book to the screen but no one  could have done much with such a long book, unless they made it eight hours  long. Lynch would have done this, but we all know why it could have never  been done. What we do have here are some stunning set pieces, strange and  beautiful images, fantastic set and costume design (anyone who's played the  annoying computer game, MYST, will know where the makers of the game stole  all their ideas from once they see this film), a few interesting  performances (Brad Dourif and Kenneth MacMillan, among others) and one or  two cool scenes. This movie was made for fast forwarding and freeze  framing, which is why it's best to have the DVD. For some reason, the  makers of the DVD saw fit to withold what must be at least an extra hour or  so of removed scenes. The DVD was the best and only chance for something  like a &quot;director's cut&quot; to exist and they blew it. Add to that  the many irritating aspects of the film you get one big  mess. Buy it used or in the cut-out bin, but fer heaven's sake, if you're  not a rabid fan of this film then DON'T TAKE THE CHANCE. 99% of you will be  sorely dissapointed.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love Celine Dion and there are so many songs of hers that I love, but I do have my favorties and I didn't want to have to buy every single album of hers, I just wanted her best songs. Well, my wish came true! This is a  collection of her very best songs, including some wonderful new ones. I  love &quot; The first time&quot; it is such an amazing song, I just love  it! And her duet with Frank Sinatra was such a great idea. &quot;If walls  could talk&quot; is fabulous. The choice of old songs was great, they are  her best songs ever! If you only buy one of her albums (and i know, I said  this about her &quot;lets talk about love album too)you have to get this  one. The songs  are the best ones I have ever heard. If you like some of  Celine's songs, then buy this album! I promise, you won't regret it!
6303234844|5.0|Have watched this video several times and it just seems to get better every time I watch it. Intense!
630575067X|5.0|A typical Star Wars movie. It just doesn't get any better than this!
157270036X|5.0|I have reread it several times since.  It gave me the courage to fight against the injustices I saw happening around me and try to make my world a better and more loving place just like Scout.  I will try to get my  daughter her own copy when she is old enough to read.  Mine is falling  apart.
6303168507|3.0|I have been hearing about this movie for a long time. Some said it's the greatest movie of '93.Some said it's the greatest film of the decade. And some even said it's the greatest movie ever. Why they say that is a mystery  to me. I see nothing that great about it.<br />Pros:<br />*Stellar performances,  namely Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Ralph Fiennes.<br />*The black and white  idea was excellent. It gave the movie a magical touch.<br />*The direction was  brilliant. I was amazed that Steven Spielberg could make a good movie that  doesn't rely on visual effects, like the rest of his movies.<br />*The  editing(done by the same talented editor of Saving Private Ryan, Michael  Kahn)was amazing too.<br />*The score was perfect. John Williams is always  amazing.<br />Cons:<br />*Some &quot;facts&quot; in it should've been said to be  fictitious, like the 6 million number .Shame on you, Spielberg.<br />*The  movie (at 3+ hours) is too long.<br />*Where are the translations of the  Hebrew and German dialogues?<br />Bottomline: Not worth the noise. I'll  probably get a lot of hate mail and negative numbers below, but I don't  care. I just stated my opinion.
B000000OE7|5.0|As good music often is, this album is flowing with emotion.  The music itself is not entirely sad but more reflective of Queen and Freddies golden years.  A must buy for any music lover.
B00002Z88D|5.0|...,I don't why I just kept repeating, day and night: &quot;Yougot to breathe, man, breathe&quot;. You know what? I think I know why:because the song ROCKS! Not only the song rocks, but also the whole concert. This is the most amazing live performance I've ever heard. I think that reading long paragraphs makes one bored, so I'll put my review in points:<br />Pros:<br />*Jaymz' voice sounded better than ever. Usually his vocals in concerts sound worn out, but this time, they can't get any better.<br />*The mix (heavy metal and orchestra) not only was not weird, but very beautiful, most of the time.<br />*Kirk changed some of his solos, to the better. For instance, his &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot; solo is much better than the original. So are other ones, like &quot;Sad But True&quot;'s and &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;'s.<br />*Almost all of the band's great songs were featured.<br />*The two new songs, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot;(Minus Human), are amazing.<br />*Jaymz' devilish laughs, like in &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, add more intensity and spirit to the songs.<br />*This album marked the best versions of some songs. They were just so astonishing, that I am totally speechless. The most phenomenal: &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;Hero of The Day&quot;, and my personal favorite of the concert, &quot;Fuel&quot;.<br />Cons:<br />*The orchestra could be annoying sometimes.<br />*This bugs me the most: some of the band's greatest songs were not featured, namely the following:<br />-&quot;King Nothing&quot;<br />-&quot;Creeping Death&quot;<br />-&quot;The Unforgiven&quot;<br />-&quot;Sanitarium&quot;<br />-&quot;Holier Than Thou&quot;<br />-Most importantly, &quot;Through The Never&quot;.<br/>Bottomline: this is one album any metallica fan can't be without. Even if you aren't a Metallica fan, give this gem a try.<br />Miscellaneous:<br />Best orchestra/metal mix: &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;,&quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; and &quot;Sad But True&quot;.<br />Memorable moments: <br />*When James said: &quot;I stripped&quot; in &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;. <br />*Kirk's second &quot;Sad But True&quot; solo, combined with Jason's background vocals and Jaymz' &quot;ha ha! Hey hey!&quot;<br />*Jason's bass in &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;.<br />And those are just a few.
0375703764|1.0|This book has gotten a lot of good reviews in the media (Newsweek, NYTimes Book Review, etc...)but it is a colossal waste of time to read it. The writing is dull and puerile (Johnny Truant?) , the plot is stolen almost  directly from the &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; and you will be bored stupid  from the infinite footnotes. I think its hype in the media is just a case  of a literary emperor with no clothes on, there is nothing of substance in  this book; if someone asks you to read it, say no, put it down and walk  away...
0783240287|3.0|Many of the costumes in this production are bodysuits, designed to make it look like the actors are nude except for bits of strategic glitter.  If it were rated, this video would garner a PG.  This will not be objectionable  to most people, but this video is being marketed as a &quot;show for the  whole family&quot;, and if you are a conservative parent, you may not want  your kids watching it.  For a good laugh, pick up the video box in your  local video store and look at the picture of Joan Collins on the back.  Her  costume (which normally makes her look like she's topless) has been  carefully colored in on the top!<br />That warning aside, it's a fairly good  video.  I did not care for the way the show was framed as a production at a  school, and the children's chorus was actually annoying in spots.  However,  most of the excitement and fun of the stage production comes through, and  Donny Osmond is fabulous as Joseph.
B00000J7JO|2.0|As a Peppers fan since the mid-80's, this album left me slightly depressed.  These might be the same guys who gave unsuspecting listeners audio whiplash with &quot;Uplift Mofo Party Plan&quot; and &quot;Mother's  Milk,&quot; but you'd be hard-pressed to tell by listening to  &quot;Californication.&quot;  Lacking in solid grooves, the songs tend to  meander around from one style to another without much real energy.  The  mostly uninspired hooks are repeated ad nauseam, with little of the  &quot;betchya' can't top this&quot; mini-solo interplay between Flea and  Frusciante that gave earlier albums real spark.  The Peppers seem to have  realized that their core audience has mostly moved on, and the entire album  has the tired sound of a once-relevant band that's trying to learn new  musical tricks.
0312243022|1.0|Michael Cunningham details his characters' neuroses with faultless observation, this much is true. That they should have been created when their pitiful self-loathing is detailed at such tedious length and with  such loving skill is altogether another matter. Many people have praised  this book judging by the reviews but I found it's characters' total lack of  redeeming qualities nauseating and predictable over and again. The lack of  plot was forgiveable as I had read one of his previous books. I imagine I  would have avoided this book like the plague had the cover hinted, not so  much at it's prizewinning genius, but more accurately at it's narcissistic  'hipper than thou' self hating monotony. Next.
6304039506|5.0|This film is pure GENIUS from beginning to end: script, art, and especially CASTING! TENNESSEE WILLIAMS is the greatest playwright of all time, capturing in a few well-chosen words the whole plight of the human  condition...Vivien Leigh is almost TOO REAL as the fragile, traumatized,  fading beauty caught in a trap of merciless reality and unfulfilled  dreams...Marlon Brando is SUPERB as the brute Stanley who drives Blanche to  her demise, yet somehow you sense a chemistry between them that is  fascinating and the hidden sensitivity of the actor behind the vicious  character he plays to perfection...Kim Hunter is PERFECT as the sensual,  sensitive wife who loves her sister but cannot resist her husband's  electrifying sexuality...Karl Malden is EXCELLENT as the somewhat bumbling  puritan captivated by Blanche's exquisiteness but too ignorant to  understand her neediness...The plot is powerful and moving to tears, but  it's worth it for the experience. Cannot recommend enough...Buy this  film!
B00003W8NM|5.0|If nihilism intrigues you then take a look at Fight Club.  This is the definitive story of a true nihilist.  Try it you may like it.  Although you may or may not identify with the protagonist, if you are open, you will  learn something about your self and possibly the human soul.
0792836634|3.0|Great movie! Excellent. Surprisingly better than ALL following sequels. Another classic worthy of recognition.
B000002VCU|5.0|5 stars is not enough for this music. The cuts on side one are some of the most popular that the Alan Parsons Project has ever produced, and as good as it is, side two is even better. Version one of the title song starts you  on a journey to Las Vegas. The song ends with &quot;as you enter the  cathedral&quot; (a casino). From there songs like &quot;Snake Eyes&quot;  and &quot;Nothing Left to Lose&quot; and &quot;The Ace of Swords&quot;  bring you through the casino, then ending with the title track version two.  You really feel like you have driven to Vegas, pulled into a busy casino  and watched the madness around you.     If you own other APP material, this  is a must for your collection. If you don't own any, what are you waiting  for? Buy it!. You will not be disappointed.
B00000253N|5.0|One of the most beautiful albums i've had the pleasure of hearing.  If all this man did was write &quot;Shelter From the Storm&quot;, he made his contribution to society.
0380002930|5.0|Go on a fascinating adventure with many rabbits, forced out of their home and meet strange new characters along the way. Wars and obsticles are around every corner. I loved this book!
6305470464|5.0|I only saw this movie by coincidence when I was in Paris last year and I absolutely loved it: excellent actors ( all of them),romantic story, surprise ending...The more I regret I cant see it again because it wasnt  on cinema in Germany and I cant get it on video.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is soooo awesome. I never get bored of listening to it. I love every single song on this CD. This is definitely a well-worth buying cd.
0783240287|5.0|I watched it today when I received my DVD from Amazon.  I was amazed at the production.  At first it threw me appearing in a school gym.  Then after viewing the bonus information I realized it was the best way to show  this production.  Too much of the bonus material is self promotion for  Andrew L. Webbers other productions, but it is a very well done prodcution  and Joan Collins is great.
B0000062GE|5.0|So far this album has gotten ONE one star, two two stars, a three star, and 7 four stars. All the rest are 5 star reviews. Out of eighty-eight(at the time of writing, now at least eighty-nine) reviews this is amazing, and  the 5 star ratings are wholly deserved. I myself am giving it 5 stars. This  is my first album by Stabbing Westward and I enjoy it immensely. The way it  is structured bears a resemblance to NIN's Downward Spiral, although the  music is very different and the lyrics flow more. The way it progresses is  similar, though Chris Hall seems to have a strikingly different personality  from Trent Reznor. While there is no doubt in my mind that Trent Reznor is  a genius, Chris Hall seems capable of deeper, more melancholy emotions,  perhaps even (gasp!) love, something Reznor seems unaccustomed to. All 16  songs are amazing, though some are better than others, and though some of  them took a while to grow on me, this has become, in two short weeks, one  of my favourite albums of all time. Although I do not know how you will  react to it initially, I guarantee that you will enjoy it after a few  listens, and find it to be more than your money's worth.
B00000J2KX|5.0|That was the first DVD I ever bought (along with the rest of Kubrik Collection), and let me tell you this is a great movie.<br />Kubrik did not create a horror movie in the classical meaning of the word, he gave us a  psychological thriller. If you are watching it for the first time, just  concentrate on the story (wonderfully crafted by King). Then watch it again  and again to admire the fine details, the electrifying performance of Jack  Nicholson, and the wonderful vision of Kubrik.<br />The special feature  &quot;The Making Of The Shining&quot; is a wonderful documentary, you can  see how much work was there in the background to produce such a  masterpiece.
0790736926|5.0|Well, contrary to the review above of by Chris Labarbara, Native Americans did, (a) capture, (b) kidnapp, and (c) hold hostage settlers of the west.  All you have to do is read, &quot;Captivity of the Oatman girls.&quot; In  1851 nine members of the Oatman family set out for California. Seventy  miles from California a group of &quot;Apache&quot; Indians came to their  camp to beg, grew angry, massacred the family, and took two of the Oatman  children captive. This neuvo idea that all Native Americans are  &quot;Dancing with Wolves&quot; passives is ludicrous.  Everyone knows the  Sioux were one of the most ruthless warrious ever, and gave as well as they  took from the American Calvery and settlers.  Look, not all Native  Americans are what appears in this film, that is logical, but to say this  is Hollywood fiction is trite.
B000000Y2F|5.0|A great deal of what i know now, i learned from this recording. Stylisticlly, i emulated Coltrane's playing on this album and used it (and still do) as a jumping-off point for my own musical development. I learned  more about listening to the bass line and harmonic movment of a song, from  this album, more than any other. In many ways it seems like all roads lead  to Monk...
B00000JPHF|5.0|This the second of Universals horror cycle after the previous success of &quot;Dracula&quot; the studio hit the jackpot with their adaption of Mary Shelleys Frankenstein and is the closest to the novel not in storyline but  in what the novel says. Karloff portrays the Monster not as a maniacal  beast but as a misunderstood creation. Colin Clive is not the madman  portayed in later films but a perfectly sane scientist searching for the  meaning of life. James Whale made his mark with this film and it is far  superior to &quot; Dracula&quot; makes one wonder what Whale could have  made of &quot;Dracula&quot; had he been signed as director instead of  silent filmaker Tod Browning. This film is only surpassed by its excellent  sequel &quot;Bride&quot; but its influence is still felt today.  It  launched the great Boris Karloff and James Whale and will remain the  classic interpretation of the gothic chiller.
B000002I25|5.0|When I first bought this cd I was very pleased.Previously I had a cassette copy of the best of the doors, but it missed some important songs. So I bought this one to get those songs such as, Soul Kitchen, Twentieth Century  Fox and Alabama Song.But I was surprised by the songs, End of the Night and  I Looked at You, which were very good. And The End sounds way better here  than it does on my best of tape.Overall it has proven itself with me.
0684857219|5.0|This book is great, Arnold tells you how he accomplished building his Olympian Physique. He gives great calve training tips along with some example training splits that range from novice to advanced. He thoroughly  covers diet, supplementation and nutrition. He describes proper form with  pictures of every exercise imagenable. His approach to training is a lot  different than people are used to reading in modern muscle magazines, but  it worked for him.  If people are not happy with the way they look and they  are following the modern principles it might be worth a try to give Arnolds  approach a try!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I used to think these guys were alright.  This is no longer the case, I'm afraid.<br />Pass this one up and get yourself some Cryptopsy.
6302548195|5.0|The movie is a great motivator for anyone who works out.  It's to bad that their will be no sequels.  :)<br />I would highly recommend for anyone that needs that extra push in bodybuilding.
B0000009RX|5.0|The best album of M.O.I. is definetly one of the most genious albums written in the last century.  how many of you could fit the whole idea/happening of the 60's into brief 40 minutes? That's one reason why  this album is so brilliant; it practicly covers all of the phenomenons that  had going on then. Sure, it is a humoristic album, and a damn fun one, but  behind the humor it also shows the weak points of the superpacifistic  idealism. And not only does it fool around with hippies. There can also be  found connections with the Vietnam war, the conservative americans and,  well, every type of american people who had an influence on the happening  of the 1960's. Oh, and it also makes fun of The Beatles' &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot;, (look at the inlay picture) which was inspired by the  Mothers' debut album Freak Out! When you only listen to the easy and  playful (but still brilliant) melodies, you may think this album as a  positive piece of music conducted with funny sounds and even funnier  people. But while reading the brilliant and even &quot;incorrect&quot;  lyrics, wich at first seem humorlyric, you understand the importance of  this release. Just don't read them one-dimentionally, okey?. Best tracks:  2.,3.,4.,6.,7.,8.,10.,13.,14.,15.,16.,18.,19.
6304698658|5.0|I Still Think Is One Of The Funniest Movies Of All Time!It Is Really Funny.Extremly Funny For A 80's Movie.The Entire Movie Has An Amazing Amount Of Pure Laugh Out Load Comedy.For People Who Put Down Chevy Chase  And The Vacation Movies I Have Only This To Say,&quot;It's A Little Nipply  Out&quot;.LoL.I Am Really Excited That This On DVD And I Hope To Get It As  Soon As Possible!I Highly Suggest It!These Are Just My Thoughts I Could Be  Wrong But Hey.Bye,Bye,Now.Have A Good Day.
B000003S5H|4.0|Reviewing Air's remarkable sophomore effort, \\"Moon Safari\\", is a challenge indeed. Ultimately, the goal here is to convince the person looking from the outside in to take a chance here. However, to name Air's influences is likely to scare you away. How many Burt Bacharach fans are out there? You see what I mean. Moreover, exalting them for their quick rise in the techno/dance scene is quite the misnomer. You would have an easier time lounging than dancing to this one. Nope, the best way to give you an accurate idea of what you can expect from \\"Moon Safari\\" is to get you to use your imagination. Do you know that clich&eacute;d slow-motion 1970's scene with the girl and the guy running towards each other, arms outspread, grinning ear to ear? Her sandy straight hair tousling as each foot hits the ground, his increasing stride in the tall summer grass bringing him closer as they dream of the moment they embrace? Do you have that image in your head? Do you see it? We all have. Well, chances are, the music you hear in the background is on this cd.<br />It is dreamy and novel but at the same time, accomplished. Like cola ads, Air want to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony, something that has been completely vacant in music for several years and, therefore, a cause of some alienation. Life simply isn't this good anymore, but Air are happy to provide the time machine.<br />About half of the songs on \\"Moon Safari\\" are instrumental, but only when words would discolor your mood ring. The first song, La Femme 'D'Argent', opens things up with a synth-jazz piece that is smooth as glass and contributing tracks, 'Ce Matin La' and 'Talisman' raise the anty on the cola image without changing the formula. Some of the more conventional moments are, of course, the singles as 'Sexy Boy' and 'Kelly Watch the Stars' are plenty cathartic but still challenging. The most sublime occasions, however, are the two songs where songbird, Beth Hirsch, offers her delicate croon. 'All I Need' has even made its way onto the playlist in so many ritzy hotel elevators and understand, while this doesn't sound like a good thing, it is.<br />As you can tell from the song titles, Air is French and they proudly claim \\"French Band\\" on the album cover as if to highlight that novelty as well. A nation that once hailed Johnny Hallyday as their favorite son now has a grande avante-triumvirate (Stereolab, Air, Daft Punk) that are creating some of music's most refreshing new sounds. This record, followed by Stereolab's \\"Emperor Tomato Ketchup\\" is the greatest moment in the international success that French acts are now enjoying and while it may be confirmed that it is nearly impossible to talk about \\"Moon Safari\\" and successfully encourage a purchase, yet another clich&eacute; applies, \\"You kinda have to be there.\\"en made its way onto the playlist in so many ritzy hotel elevators and understand, while this doesn't sound like a good thing, it is. <br />As you can tell from the song titles, Air is French and they proudly claim \\"French Band\\" on the album cover as if to highlight that novelty as well. A nation that once hailed Johnny Hallyday as their favorite son now has a grande avante-triumvirate (Stereolab, Air, Daft Punk) that are creating some of music's most refreshing new sounds. This record, followed by Stereolab's \\"Emperor Tomato Ketchup\\" is the greatest moment in the international success that French acts are now enjoying and while it may be confirmed that it is nearly impossible to talk about \\"Moon Safari\\" and successfully encourage a purchase, yet another clich applies, \\"You kinda have to be there.\\"
6305750750|5.0|For anyone who grew up watching the trilogy over and over and over....the movie starts, the theme comes on, and the text with the story scrolls in, then you hear ta na na, na, na na na, na, da na na.  You get an almost  euphoric feeling, OHHHH YESS, STAR WARS.
B000002JKA|5.0|I first got into Dream Theater via my friend, who introduced me to them through &quot;Awake&quot;.  Actually, the only song I had even heard was &quot;The Mirror&quot;, an amazingly good song with a single heavy,  sinister guitar riff combined with flowing, melodic keyboard overlays.  It  was such an incredibly good song that I had to get the CD, so I ran out and  got &quot;Awake&quot; the next day.<br />To make matters simple, this album  did not disappoint!  As another reviewer said, I was hooked from the  opening drum rhythm in the first track, &quot;6:00&quot;, through the calm  outro of the finale, &quot;Space-Dye Vest&quot;.  The level of talent in  all aspects of the music (and vocals) astonished me.  <br />James LaBrie's  vocals are more soulful throughout &quot;Awake&quot;, in my opinion, than  in any other DT album.  On guitars, John Petrucci begins to use a 7-string  with this album, which allows him to play faster with a wider range of  notes (the solos in &quot;Erotomania&quot;, &quot;Innocence Faded&quot;,  and &quot;Scarred&quot;), as well as the possibility for some very heavy  music, as showcased by &quot;Caught in a Web&quot;, &quot;The Mirror&quot;,  &quot;Lie&quot;, and &quot;Scarred&quot;.  Mike Portnoy's drums and John  Myung's bass are remarkable as usual, and Kevin Moore's keyboards really  set the mood in the album, shown by &quot;The Mirror&quot;, &quot;Space-Dye  Vest&quot;, and the almost haunting &quot;Lifting Shadows Off a  Dream&quot;.  Overall, the level of talent is astounding throughout, but so  is the songwriting.<br />The lyrics that LaBrie sings are no let-down, either.   Its tough to explain any of it here, but &quot;Innocence Faded&quot;,  &quot;Voices&quot;, and &quot;The Silent Man&quot; deal with some pretty  profound and meaningful stuff.<br />The things that really bring  &quot;Awake&quot; together are the subtle little touches scattered  throughout the tracks.  An example of this is the shared riff between  &quot;The Mirror&quot; and &quot;Space-Dye Vest&quot;, and the same  throughout the trilogy of songs called &quot;A Mind Beside Itself&quot;,  made up of &quot;Erotomania&quot;, &quot;Voices&quot;, and &quot;The Silent  Man&quot;.  Speaking of shared riffs, &quot;Erotomania&quot; is made up of  riffs from past DT songs and other songs on the album.  What all of these  touches do is bring a harmony and unity to &quot;Awake&quot; that is  lacking in other bands' offerings.<br />Now that all this spiel is finished,  just one more thing to say.  If you are a music fan- a real MUSIC fan- you  owe it to yourself to give this outstanding and talented album a listen.
B000002U82|5.0|It deserves more than 5 stars. If you are a real music lover,DSOTM must be in your collection. Too many people can't be wrong, allthe time it spent on Billboard Top 200 best selling albums is not a mistake. There's nothing I can say to make you buy this album, but I'm sure that if you listen to it (really listen) you'll become another fan of the band.
0553278398|5.0|Although it may be helpful to read the Foundation Trilogy and perhaps Foundation's Edge and Foundation and Earth before this prelude-and Forward the Foundation-this is an excellent read in whatever order you read it.   The series is fantastic, and this prelude-which chornicles how Hari Seldon  was introduced to psychohistory and the principal, early developments he  made during the period of The Flight.  It also introduces many of the  important characters that later play a greater part in Forward the  Foundation.  The novel is very suspenseful indeed, and is notably  fast-paced, which is a pleasant surprise from Asimov.  There is a lot to  look forward to, including several glimpses at the Galactic Empire while it  still had the appearence of grandness, robots and the search for  information about Earth, and two interesting surprises in the end, which  involve a reunion with an old friend, if you have read another series by  Asimov.  This book is definitely as good as, if not better than, the three  novels of the Foundation Triolgy. Read it!
0385495315|5.0|Excellent book for anyone interested in history, current events and behind the scenes view of things. Technical aspect well discussed for the layman. Highly recommended.
0553278398|5.0|Although it may be helpful to read the Foundation Trilogy and perhaps Foundation's Edge and Foundation and Earth before this prelude-and Forward the Foundation-this is an excellent read in whatever order you read it.   The series is fantastic, and this prelude-which chornicles how Hari Seldon  was introduced to psychohistory and the principal, early developments he  made during the period of The Flight.  It also introduces many of the  important characters that later play a greater part in Forward the  Foundation.  The novel is very suspenseful indeed, and is notably  fast-paced, which is a pleasant surprise from Asimov.  There is a lot to  look forward to, including several glimpses at the Galactic Empire while it  still had the appearence of grandness, robots and the search for  information about Earth, and two interesting surprises in the end, which  involve a reunion with an old friend, if you have read another series by  Asimov.  This book is definitely as good as, if not better than, the three  novels of the Foundation Triolgy. Read it!
B000007OY0|5.0|Way back in 1994 first time director Frank Darabont adapted Stephen Kings short story about a mild mannered bank manager played by Tim Robbins is accused for murdering his wife and her lover there for he is sent to  Shawshank prison. There he meets Red played by Morgan freeman were they  develop a long time friendship. At first when red first sees him he thinks  he is unfit for prison life but Robbins in a great role is clam and  reserves his emotions and actions. At the end is when it is most  drmatically effective. Frank darabont knows how to adapt works by Stephen  King and in 1994 critics complained because it was a long 142 mins but  you'll see why it needs this time at the end. Nominated for seven oscars it  didn't win one. I think that Darabont is a first rate director and knowsa  his stuff i could see Darabont thanking the acadamy someday in the future.   The first time i saw it i thought that it was two disturbing but after i  watched it enough i found out what i was missing. A great movie. Although  this is better than The Green Mile another King adaptation by Darabont  which is also great.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the freshest sound for the new millenium. Not only are they a 9 man band but all the music is fresh. Scream 3 has wait and Bleed on it and the song kicks major tail. for anyone who has not heard Slipknot I  suggest you do. Not only will you be pleased but you will fell different  about music all together i garentee it.
B000002534|5.0|I have been a Santana fan from the very beginning, and have watched him change musicians and leap from one genre to another.  In my opinion, Borboletta is his masterpiece.  This album blends jazz, blues, latin, and  rock in seamless fashion.  Carlos' guitar solos soar like the jet stream  high above the earth's surface; top-notch musicians such as Stanley Clarke,  Flora Purim, and Airto Moriera flavor this album with influences from all  over the world.<br />  This is a very uplifting, positive album.  It does  almost seem to be  Christian in it's tone, but not in a patronizing way.  My favorites are &quot;Practice What You Preach&quot;, &quot;Life Is  Anew&quot;, and &quot;Mirage&quot;, but all the songs are a pleasure to  hear.  I'm an ardent admirer of all Santana's music, but somehow I  always return to &quot;Borboletta&quot;.  I am overjoyed to see a new  generation of fans discover him all over again with  &quot;Supernatural&quot;; perhaps some of them will make the Blue Butterfly  the big seller it should have been way back when...
B00002DE0S|5.0|When I first put on the CD, I thought maybe Zimmerman was somehow confusing Chopin with Brahms. Other recordings (Rubenstein, Pollini) of seemed far more &quot;classical&quot;; i.e. more Haydnesque than Romantic.  As I listened to the concerti again, I began to think about Chopin's  impromptus and polonaises, with their rubato tempi and deep emotional  range. Zimmerman's interpretation takes its cues from the composer's  flamboyant, lavish solo works and applies the same sonorities to both  orchestra and piano. After a while, I stopped thinking about &quot;Chopin  as Brahms&quot; and started to thoroughly enjoy these (relatively daring)  performances. &quot;Zimmermanesque&quot; Chopin? Maybe, but the result is  superb.
0783229526|5.0|While I certainly won't suggest that the movie is better than the book, kudos to Gilliam &amp; crew for bringing Thompson's surreal imagery and complex tone to life.  Casting was impeccable -- characters such as the  hitchhiker bear an eerie resemblance to the Ralph Steadman illustrations  made famous in the book.  Depp turns overacting into an art form with his  over-the-top portrayal of Thompson, and del Toro's performance as Dr. Gonzo  is simply spectacular.  The only problem with this movie is that it becomes  readily apparent after about 60 minutes that the production ran short on  money -- the effects in the first half of the movie (especially the hotel  lobby and the cocktail bar) are top-notch, while the effects of the second  half of the movie are not so spectacular (Gonzo's transformation during the  adrenochrome trip, for example).  Nonetheless, if you've read FLLV and are  wondering just what Thompson was thinking, here is your chance to step  inside the mind of an American icon.
0964385619|5.0|I bought Rich Dad Poor Dad and The Cashflow Quadrant. Basically the author shows you the typical poor/middle class financial statement with Income coming in from a job, and going out thru the expense column - meanwhile  racking up lots of liabilities in the process, and accruing no assets.  (Author's Definitions: ASSETS PUT MONEY INTO YOUR POCKET AND LIABILITIES  TAKE MONEY OUT OF YOUR POCKET) Then the author shows the same thing for a  wealthy person, only this person uses their money to rack up Income  Producing Assets which then create an income stream into your Income  column. Eventually, these multiple Asset Income Streams will remove the  need for the Job Income Stream, and now you can concentrate on nurturing  and growing your assets, and creating even more income from them.  EXCELLENT!
B00000272N|5.0|I'm not really a big fan of grunge metal, but this album by far is one of the best grunge metal albums ever.  I have both this album and Dirt and they took me a long time to get into, but it paid off.  Although they are  home to the Seattle grunge scene, Alice In Chains are more metallic than  those no-talent Seattle bands like Pearl Jam and they can take those bands  and sent them straight to hell!  With the exception of &quot;I Can't  Remember&quot; and &quot;Love Hate Love&quot; which almost bored me to  death, the rest are nasty-riff laden rockers.  My favorites from this album  are We Die Young, Man In The Box, Sea Of Sorrow, Bleed The Freak, Put You  Down, Confusion and Real Thing.   Any fan of all metal genres should give  this album a try!
0385491026|5.0|What a wonderful novel! Her prose flows like poetry and draws the reader in from beginning to end. It saddened me to leave Elaine in the end.
B00003Q438|5.0|WELL, WHERE DO I START. . . I'VE JUST BOUGHT THIS FANTASTIC DVD AND IT IS EXCELLENT, THIS IS WHAT DVD IS ALL ABOUT. .An excellent transfer, Tons of extras, Great packaging &amp; a Reasonable price. I WAS JUST GOBSMACKED  WHEN I BROWSED THROUGH THE EXTRAS ON THIS DISC, THERE IS SO MUCH TO WATCH  AS WELL AS HAVING BOTH THEATRICAL &amp; SPECIAL EDITION VERSIONS ON THIS  DISC. THERE WAS SOME GOOD DVD ROM FEATURES INCLUDING JAMES CAMERONS SCRIPT  WHICH MAKES FOR SOME GOOD READING &amp; LOTS OF HIDDEN GOODIES THROUGHOUT  THE MENU'S. MAJOR CONGRATULATIONS TO JAMES CAMERON &amp; FOX FOR GIVING DVD  FANS AROUND THE WORLD THIS MASTERPIECE. THERE IS ONLY ONE THING LEFT FOR ME  TO SAY. . . . PLEASE GIVE US MORE DISCS LIKE THIS (TITANIC DIRECTORS CUT  ANYONE !). . .BRILLIANT!
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca it's one of those films that makes you think. Think about it's story and message. A story that is consistent and full of great ideas, and underlying subjects. I'm not sure if i'm gonna forget the ending of this  movie. A poetic and heartbreaking. It's a rare gem of this days...And don't  forget the actors. All of them make good performances...(even Uma Thurman)
0517122707|5.0|I discovered this book by a friend's recommendation.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  I laughed and laughed!  Twelve years later, I am still rereading it and still laughing.  The book is a brilliant blend of  comedy and tragedy, a 180 proof distillation of the human spirit.  I  haven't read anything better, although I know a dozen books I'd rank with  it, including Catcher in the Rye, Catch-22, The Fountainhead, The Last  Detail, Breakfast of Champions, and In Watermelon Sugar.  If you don't try  this one, you're missing a great chance.  Obviously some people don't get  it, don't like it, etc. Those of us who do like it, love it.  It's worth a  try, believe me.
0060926317|1.0|I'm sorry to be so forward, because each person who writes a book deserves respect because he/she has tried to say something about himself. And if she publishes by herself, it really has merit. But it is the only one I see.  This book is very new age, very spiritual and it looks like many people  in this world find it useful, but I can only think how void of sense their  lives are if this silly, childish search help them. It is pretentious and  grandiloquent. Perhaps I  am very rationalist and skeptical, and this book is a kind of run-of-the-mill Platonism and Hegelianism: this world is not the  real Reality, our life is not the real life, but there is a better one somewhere sometime if you just stop thinking and follow... what? I would  say to those who find it so interesting: why don't you try to read philosophy, for instance, Bertrand Russell and think?
0375420525|3.0|i am  not sure  that this book  makes any sense.*<br />* but Johnny and Lude are pretty kewl. :)
B000002O4S|5.0|What Jonathan wrote on his review I think that he ment that Alan Silvestri composed similar to John Williams not that John Williams composed the BTTF scores--The soundtrack is great even though it has 15 years it is still  between my favorite.
B0000026NC|4.0|I think that this cd was great because I like hearing &quot;live&quot; cd's.  I think that you need this cd to add to your Pink Floyd Collection.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is, without a doubt, one of the best movies to be released in 1999. It's a visionary tale about mankind, that has superb tecnical values. My only complaint it's it's thin screenplay. It has great ideas but if it were  a little more consistent and complex, the Wachowsky Brothers could have  made a revolution on SF genre. But, as it's stands, it's an excelent movie.  With outstanding special effects and great camera work all around. The  actors manage to give good performences, specially Laurence Fishburn.    It's pace keeps the spectator amazed every minute of it. Visionary,  outstanding look but thin in plot (although the plot it's very interesting,  it is very short and little complex...) this is a must have for any science  fiction fan. The best since Dark City... A cult movie that has very little  weaknesses.
B000002H97|1.0|I began to listen Met in 1992 and I own every album of Metallica. I think I wasted my money by buying Black album, Load and Reload. But my reason was clear; I had hope that one day they would return to the glory of the past.  Their previous works are clearly the best of their time, and a bold turning  point for metal. RTL and MOP are extreme masterpieces of metal history. Too  sad Cliff passed away, because if he didn't, he would never let this  happen. In Whiplash from Kill'Em All, the lyrics go &quot;We'll never quit  cause we're Metallica&quot; but its SAD BUT TRUE that the band has sold out  for more commercial success. If you like metal than listen to Metallica  before Selloutica, SLAYER, IRON MAIDEN, BLIND GUARDIAN, MANOWAR,HAMMERFALL  and ICED EARTH. These bands are the current shredders.<br />:( Life it seems  will fade away,/drifting further every day./ Things not what they used to  be, missing one inside of me...
B000023VR6|5.0|This is a very good CD. For all you young people the cursing may be to extreme. one of the best songs on this album is &quot;Forogt about dre&quot;. It si a good album. The cursing is very extreme so all you young  fans are better off wiht the edited version.
0451196716|4.0|I'm an avid SK fan! I've read everything he's written so far. (I have to say &quot;The Stand&quot; is my favorite, followed closely by &quot;The Dark Tower Gunslinger Series..I'm waiting!). Sorry to zone out there! I  read &quot;The Long Walk&quot; several years ago and was horrified, it is a  story every SK fan should read! It was so scary, sickening &amp; engrossing  that even when I could have upchucked at the amazing minute details (SK is  the master!) I would put the book down, shaken to the bone &amp; grab it  back up again! You just couldn't stop reading it! I loved it and want  everyone to read it!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|These guys are still totally awsome, and this CD is no exception.
6305750750|1.0|A long time ago, in a decade far, far away...a better movie was made.  I could not believe that Lucas could put together such a mess as this film.  It is long on sound and fury, but signifies nothing.  I saw the original  Star Wars film 17 times when it played in theaters.  Yet after all this  time, I only stood in line to see this film once...why?  To begin with,  there are really no great characters.  The droids are reduced to a cameo  scene, and linked to young Aniken in an unlikely way.  Obi-Wan is  underused.  The princess is...well, which one is she supposed to be anyway.   Jar Jar Binks is just plain irritating.  And Darth Maul, a villian who  looked so threatening and ominous in the trailer, is reduced to a bounty  hunter with five...count them FIVE...lines.  By the way...what was they  plot anyway?    Lucas said he waited 17 years to make this film because the  technology did not exist to make the special effects he desired for the  film.  Yet it wasn't the effects I remember from the original.  It was the  mythology and the characters.  Let's hope George gets tired of playing with  his new techno-toys and settles down to write a good script for the next  film.  Otherwise, I might not care about Star Wars III.
630018157X|5.0|Peck is excellent.  The quotes from this movie coupled with the Ed Flanders's portray of Harry Truman, coupled with the accuracy of the film historically make this probably my all time favorite film.  and the darn  thing is on back order!  Fudge.
6305537542|5.0|I just bought this movie (The collecters addition.) and I love it. The weird thing is the first time I seen this I didn`t think it was that good. Now when I bought the collecters addition and watched it again I thought it  was great. I didn`t really finds it that scary, but I thought it was a  really good movie. If you have the chance, buy it!
B00000J631|5.0|The best compilatilation I have ever bought!  Great bands with great short songs!  Energy, velocity... PUNK!
B000005RS9|5.0|Im in complete agreement with everything said by music fan from the united states on 16/3/00.If your going to buy one Floyd CD this one has to be it,and Im sorry if I upset any hardcore fans here but IMO the band died  creatively after the depature of Syd Barret.Im sorry but Syd WAS Pink Floyd  and always will be,their later stuff to me was nothing more than pompous  elevator music with absolutely no artistic merit,just dreadful  prog-rock.PATGOD on the other hand is a delightful psycadelic CD almost on  a par with that other great album from '67 and if you like that one youll  love this.I also suggest buying Relics which has singles &amp; b-sides from  that era,including the indispensible &quot;See Emily Play&quot; &amp;  &quot;Arnold Layne&quot;. So dont bother with any other Floyd beside those  two unless you want to be bored to death.
B0000203Y5|5.0|La frescura narrativa de Wim Wenders, la musicalidad de las imgenes son apenas el teln de fondo de una aventura plena en Espiritualidades Sonoras. Almas Eternizadas al ritmo de una percusin magistral. Un documental para  ser revisitado peridicamente, una excusa para reencontrarse ritualmente  con esencias vitales. Luego de haberla visto en el Cine y en video  encuentro mayores razones para verla cotidianamente. Seres asombrosos con  un pasado pleno de futuro. El toque poltico es tan indescifrable como  imprescindible.  Es el condimento que toda &quot;salsa&quot; precisa para  dar sabor al plato. Acaso un buen Slogan podra ser &quot;Patria y  Vida&quot; en lugar del desgastado &quot;Socialismo o Muerte&quot;  Simplemente Deliciosa
B000007T1M|1.0|I like the rhythm of their songs...heavy guitars...slamming drums...all except one....THE VOICE...oh please...the singer ruins everything. He needs to be more melodic, like Lajon Whiterspoon of Sevendust. Yes, the music's  cool...but the singer needs more practice...
B00000JGHM|4.0|I saw this film in the theaters when it was originally released.  However, upon purchasing the DVD I discovered that the widescreen format is the only availible medium for viewing this great movie.  Widescreen, without the  benefit of a HDTV unit, makes any movie worthless, as you are left with  large amounts of your scren unused.  This is especially true on my  computer, where the screen is already smaller than usual.  If possible,  please e-mail me and let me know when if ever this film will be offered in  the standard format.  Sorry to use your site as a vehicle for my grievances  against the Co. which released the film.  Thanks.<br />-E.
0783110871|3.0|Admittedly TURBULENCE suffers from a woeful lack of originality, which caused it to be a flop as a big Christmas theatrical release. But it does have an atmosphere that is, at times, effectively creepy. For example: the  dead bodies sliding around the 747's cabin in the storm provide truly  chilling visuals. This could be an old ghost ship at sea, its crew dead,  the auto-pilot replacing the rope tied to the wheel to keep the bow pointed  into the wind. <br />I don't know why the reviewers here have slammed the  acting and effects. The performances are NOT wooden and the special effects  ARE well done. Ray Liotta is gleefully maniacal and Lauren Holly is  likeable and attractive. The climax at LAX is suspenseful.<br />I think one  reason many people don't enjoy this movie is because of unmet expectations  based on genre. People go in expecting something along the lines of  AIRFORCE ONE, yet TURBULENCE is 75% psychological drama and 25%  action-special-effects thriller. I personally enjoyed the cat and mouse  games between the Liotta and Holly characters, but understand how others  might find their conversations makes the film seem \\"talky.\\"<br />It's  certainly not a great film, but it's not THAT bad!
6305627401|5.0|This is the best movie there is out there. From the beging to the end it is always funy and a good movie to watch. But basicly if you are alive you will be affended in some way buy this movie. But it is still a good movie.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album is incredible: surely one of the best of my CDcollection. I did not know Moby before, just followed Amazon's adviceand was not wrong.  Also, one of the rare CDs I ever bought where 95% of the songs are Ok and different.
6305750750|4.0|This is a really entertaining film with great techinical effects and the visual feeling of the film is perfect. The dialouge could have been cooler but the actors look good in their roles and its just an escape to another  world for circa two hours. I recommend it as an entertainment but nothing  more.
0425170349|2.0|This was not very good Clancy.  For one thing, everything worked just too well.  The action scenes and the way the good guys always won were too pat.  I didn't think he did anything particular with the characters.  Of course,  as a long-time Clancy reader, I have a pretty good idea of Clark and  Chavez.  They weren't very interesting in this one.  I read a library copy.   I don't think I'll bother with buying a copy of my own, even in a couple  of years at the used book store.
0553274503|5.0|This is a wonderful story, I havn't finshed it. But I have it in a book Volume 1-2 of the Hugo Winnders Issac Asimov is the editor and he speaks of the authors. I think this was a wonderful story, and should be read by  anyone. It's just so good! I can't say any more.
B0000062FL|5.0|For those of you who really understand how good this album is and don't know where Carlos came from, step back a few years from the time this album was released and picture him in Mexico playing in his father's group.  He  came up fast and proved himself ready to contribute to the music scene and  gained early respect from the music community.  Carlos was young when this  album was created but his playing and sound are mature beyond many  guitarists first efforts. He's a little jazz, rock, latin, R&amp;B pop,  african, fusion and progressive all rolled up into one person.  He is now  in his early fifties and can still make his guitar sing.  When someone  asked Eric Clapton who he felt was a great guitar  player, he said Carlos  was one of the strongest  players he had heard.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Mi paisano Carlos Santana es uno de los mejores guitarristas que hay en el mundo. Es un hombre hecho leyenda y con este disco volvi a demostrar esamaestra en su forma de tocar la guitarra. Yo tengo 15 aos y soy un fan  de Santana. No noms me gustan las rolas de este disco, sino tambien la de  los anteriores como Europa, Samba pa ti, Oye como va, entre otras. Un da  de estos vamos a tener en Autln a Carlos Santana, porque le haremos un  homenaje especial a l. Viva Auln, Viva Santana!
B000046PVN|5.0|At long last this is the ultimate release of one of John Williams' most popular scores. On 2 CDs,  Williams' music is featured with many before unreleased tracks such as the famous helicopter rescue cue (&quot;The Big  Rescue&quot;) and the real opening (&quot;Prelude and Main Title&quot;).  Splendidly put together in the film's running order plus a great and very  informative booklet, this is a must for all film music fans. Forget your  old Superman original score, this one's the real one!
6300214710|4.0|Being a guy who was a teen during the 80's, I just love this movie. One of the best coming of age movies ever made. At one time we all were cast in the &quot;social ladder&quot; and watching this movies brings back a lot of  memories of the awkwardness of being a regular teen. I have always liked  Molly Ringwald. As a teen I had a crush on her,(didnt all us guys?).She  rules in this movie!
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album is so good, there are no words I could use to do it justice. Lauryn blends soul, hip-hop, reggae and pop to make a beautiful, incomparable album. If you want to turn someone on to the sounds of soul, buy them this album. With deep &amp; though-provoking lyrics, Lauryn stands tall and hovers above all her sex and money obsessed contemporaries. For a woman who was obviously influenced by Bob Marley and Stevie Wonder, she lives up to their legendary examples.
B000001FY9|5.0|Now here is proof that this man was a genius.
B00000I5Y6|3.0|This is a fine collection of songs by Steve Walsh and Kerry Liver. I too wish they had included Perfect Lover. And where is People in The South Wind?
630575067X|4.0|I have always enjoyed the Star Wars universe, and The Phantom Menace is no exception. Awesome graphics! Familiar characters! And new ones to boot! The pod racing could inspire whole new videogames.I eagerly await the rest of  the sequel, but I had to give this movie 4 stars because I want it on DVD,  one of the best formats in existence today. I would love to see all of the  Star Wars films on this medium. George Lucas, please show us DVD owners  some support.
B00000AFWZ|4.0|No one has been able to secure the master tapes to 96 Tears. There is a bootleg CD that contains ? and The Mysterians first album, but Rhino is not gonna use that. This I understand. What I do not understand is why Gloria  is not on this set given that it is one of the classic garage songs and the  set contains several other Shadows Of Knight songs originally on the  Dunwich label. This is a MAJOR loss to an  otherwise outstanding collection
6305750750|5.0|This is a great movie no matter what the other reviews say.  I do not understand why Star Wars didn't win any OSCARS, and I don't know why it was nominated for worst picture of the year.  It was certainly not going to get  best picture, but it did deserve at least a nomination.  Jar Jar Binks is  an excellent character in this film, even though he got the slightest bit  annoying with all of his slap-stick humor. Natalie Portman is a beautiful  girl, with excellent talent.  Jake Lloyd, I do hate to say it, was miscast.   He was a mediocre character in a first class movie.  Liam Neeson deserved  a nomination in the academy awards for his portrayle as Qui Gon Jinn.  This  is a wonderful movie, and should be at the top of everybody's must see  list.
6305127638|5.0|If this is the death rattle of the Trek franchise, then it deserves to be mourned, because Mr. Frakes pulled something rather special out of his hat with this one. From the moment the truly beautiful score starts up, this  film is polished, exciting, engrossing, and slick. <br />Special effects are a  tad patchy, but at their best rival anything short of 'The Matrix', with  CGI finally pulling Trek into blockbuster realm. Acting is solid, and is  raised to extraordinary heights during one scene between Picard and Lily in  the Captain's Ready Room, which is simply superlative drama. It may be the  best scripted- and acted- scene in Trek.<br />So the humour falls a little  flat at times, and the normal Trek mantra of thoughtfulness and  caring-sharing gets pushed to the rear. So what? This is a stylish, smooth  addition to a legendary genre, and is the 90s equivalent of The Wrath of  Khan. If only they could have kept it up . . .
0679746048|1.0|First: The prose is clearly sub-par, there is absolutely no gift here...no depth to the characters, the treatment of the subject matter as a whole is superficial (even bitter), and there is a lack of theme as well as a story  line, etc... To her credit she did succeed in illustrating one crucial  component, and that is the role that humor played in her own and most of  our recoveries. I laughed with both patients and staff during my own  inpatient stays,  (and hey, it seems to actually prove that that at least  some of all this psychiatric theory is working, patients bonding through  laughter is actually a part of &quot;Milieu Therapy&quot;). Ms. Kayson  seems to be unwittingly making a case for her &quot;captors&quot; on this  issue. Yet, I still have to say there are many better books on the subject  out there...<br />Second: As long as it had integrity, was thoughtful, and well  written, I would not have had the zealous reaction that I have with this  book, (even if it shared her negative bias). Unfortunately the way I see  it, Ms. Kayson, is looking for a quick way to cash in on the voyeurism of  the American public who want to see &quot;what the `loony-bin' is all  about&quot;. So she writes a trite book which consists basically of a  collection of shallow character portraits of various people she remembers  from 25 years ago who happened to live on the same unit in a psychiatric  hospital...clearly she's profited financially, but at what cost... I have been  in the &quot;system&quot; for years, and without it, most definitively,  would be dead by now. This book attempts (and some would see it as  succeeding) to trivialize everything I have struggled for in the last 16  years. For those of us who are in the system, and the caring practitioners  we depend upon (and need to be able to trust), Ms. Kayson is as heartless  as the doctor who committed her (supposedly) without cause.<br />And Last: I  hope that Ms. Kayson is still in therapy. Evidently she has not come to  peace with the issues that brought her into McLean in the first place... I  saw her speak there several months ago, and even I could see that she had  not yet been able to let go of her anger over this 18 month episode in her  life; (and how/why does the 18 actual months she spent there keep getting  exaggerated to 2 YEARS? ). Certainly there is no need to protect future  patients from the same &quot;trauma&quot;, the insurance companies take  care of that, (for instance, Suicide victims are often discharged far too  prematurely-sometimes within a week these days...) Today patients are more  frequently not getting enough time as inpatients; (nobody is Allowed to  stay for months, let alone years...). She writes (and spoke) with disdain for  the `Psychiatric System' as a whole. And while I will allow that there are  practitioners out there who are abusing their power, from my experiences,  they are in the minority. BPD is a very real and very serious illness, and  anyone who suffers from it needs to be assured that it is not a fabrication  on the `systems' part, and that there IS help out there that will NOT land  them in Ms. Kayson's `loony-bin' for 18 months. <br />If you still insist upon  reading this book, please, read it knowing it is NOT a representation of  the psychiatric community today, and please don't let it scare you from  seeking help if you feel depressed. Unless you and a number of  professionals TOGETHER decide that inpatient care is your best option, this  story will not be yours...
B00000K19E|5.0|To deal with the flaws in 'The Matrix' might take a while. It isn't a high-brow or particularly profound film. What is it? An exhilarating, exhausting, immersive ride through some imaginative filming and  unimaginative writing.<br />Complaints about Mr. Reeves can, in my opinion, be  more than cancelled out by applause for Mr. Fishburne, who is nothing short  of magnificent for the first half of the film. Hugo Weaving is also a great  surprise as the inhuman Agent Smith, and should be raking in cash for his  next few roles, if there's any justice in this world.<br />Give thanks,  please, for the moody and perfectly-placed soundtrack, the clever SFX, and  the enthralling fight sequences. Niggles 'The Matrix' may have, but, while  you're watching, you won't have the breath to criticise. And that's all you  can ask from an action/sci-fi movie. 'Blade Runner' it ain't.
B000005ALP|5.0|Great stuff here.  E's solo work was poppier, but his songwriting here seems much stronger.  The worst thing I can say about this CD is the continuing of E's obsession with &quot;I'm an outcast&quot; coloring of his  lyrics, but in general they're so well crafted you won't care.  Favorites  include the oft-chosen &quot;Novocaine for the Soul&quot;,  &quot;Flower&quot;, &quot;Susan's House&quot; and &quot;Rags to Rage&quot;.   If you're pop and looking to venture into alternative, or you're  alternative and looking to venture into pop, here's the ideal place to  begin.
B0000009SF|5.0|If you did not enjoy this WONDERFUL MUSIC             please check the top of your head for a large dent.
630575067X|5.0|I liked this movie and I don't care what the critcs of it think. There were some parts that I could have done without (like Jar Jar) but all and all it was a great movie. Its right up there with the other Star Wars  movies.
B000002MY3|5.0|This cd has everything a spiritually growing body craves.  Depth, insight, meaning. How could one person have so much to offer her fans?  Her gift of words and her knowledge of life is an innate gift. We should all feel lucky  that she chose to share her gift with the world.<br />&quot;You Oughta  Know&quot; is a raw song with a funky beat, and true to life experiences.   It's not an angry song like some say, just an expressive way for the author  to show her feelings at that moment.  &quot;Perfect&quot; is a sweet, slow  song that gives a powerful punch on how they will take advantage of you and  &quot;intellectually screw you&quot; if you let them.  &quot;You  Learn&quot; is a smooth playing song that recommends that you to LIVE life,  not just exist.   I could go on forever, but I won't.  So, if you haven't  already, buy this cd.  You won't regret it.  It's music that everyone can  relate to.  It will become your favorite.
0671027344|5.0|The harder I think, the more I can't put this book into words.  It is truly an amazing book and it really gives you a new way of looking at life.  This story of one boy's struggle for popularity, academic excellence, and  friends is one of the greatest books one could ever read.  I just pray that  stephen chbosky will continue to write more books, but I highly doubt any  other book written could equal this one.
B000002MY3|5.0|This cd has everything a spiritually growing body craves.  Depth, insight, meaning. How could one person have so much to offer her fans?  Her gift of words and her knowledge of life is an innate gift. We should all feel lucky  that she chose to share her gift with the world.<br />&quot;You Oughta  Know&quot; is a raw song with a funky beat, and true to life experiences.   It's not an angry song like some say, just an expressive way for the author  to show her feelings at that moment.  &quot;Perfect&quot; is a sweet, slow  song that gives a powerful punch on how they will take advantage of you and  &quot;intellectually screw you&quot; if you let them.  &quot;You  Learn&quot; is a smooth playing song that recommends for you to LIVE life,  not just exist within it.    I could go on forever, but I won't.  So, if  you haven't already, buy this cd.  You won't regret it.  It's music that  everyone can relate to.  It will become your favorite.
6305750750|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen!   I won't go into detal because there are plenty of revews allready. My 2 year old little girl loved it as much as my 54 year old Dad did.  Lucas is the best  writter-director EVER!
1573225517|5.0|Before there was MPEG-3 or digital surround sound or even stereo, there was High Fidelity.  Hi-Fi delivered recordings with a full audible frequency range, from bass to treble, through a single channel.  And it was fantastic.  It made record engineering into a real art form and was the  basis for the present, vast culture of recorded music.  Hi-Fi belongs on  any list of great techno-cultural advances.<br />What &quot;High  Fidelity&quot;, the book by Nick Hornsby, does is distil life, love, and  culture into pivotal moments.  The \\"fidelity\\" is to the highs and lows of  everyday life.  Rob, the main character, is a compulsive list maker--what  he calls his top five lists: e.g. top five R&amp;B singles, top five girls  who dumped me, top five missed opportunities, etc.  Since this owner of a  used record store in London appears at the start of the book to have  reached simultaneous nadir points in his career, love-life, and business,  these lists assume great poignancy--I challenge anyone to read it without  thinking up a few lists of their own.  It sounds like the book might be  dull and angst-ridden.  There is angst, but it comes laced with  laugh-out-loud dialog and situation--all delivered with a dead-pan cool.  I  can't remember a book that was so arch and knowing about male intimacy.  In  fact, it's hard to think of many books that were as funny.  So in the  spirit of &quot;High Fidelity&quot;, here goes, my top five books that made  me laugh out loud whether or not I was the only person in the room.<br />5.  &quot;Thank You for Smoking&quot;  by Christopher Buckley<br />4. &quot;A Fine  Madness&quot;  by Elliot Baker<br />3. &quot;High Fidelity&quot;  by Nick  Hornsby<br />2. &quot;At Swim-Two-Birds&quot;  by Flann O'Brien<br />1. &quot;Jim  Blain and His Grandfather's Ram&quot;  by Mark Twain<br />Altho' the Twain  piece is, in my opinion, the funniest prose ever written and I just  couldn't leave it out, it's actually a short story from &quot;Roughing  It&quot;.  Since the others are sustained novels, I'll have to give the  number one slot to none other than &quot;Catch 22&quot; by the late, great  Joseph Heller.  Anyone else have a list? <br />I just learned that &quot;High  Fidelity&quot; has been made into a movie starring John Cusack.  Roger  Ebert gives it a full four stars   and I have great  hopes that it will be as good as the book in its cinematic way--but don't  miss the original.
0486268659|5.0|I once read that some scholars consider &quot;Hard Times&quot; (1854) an unimportant division of Dickens because it is less than half the length of his normal books. I don't understand how they would explain that this is by  far his most popular work and yet it is only 1/8 the length of his normal  books. This is a masterpiece in that it shows us the harsh reality that  some people are so hardened that not even Christmas moves them. I also feel  Dickens displays his best skills when he shows us that Scrooge was not  always this way. Also, Scrooge starts to change when he is exposed to his  present. Seeing upclose what his greedieness has done to Cratchit catches  his conscience. Furthermore he realizes that many people will be delighted  at his eventual death if he does not change. The messages are very  profound. In addition, we are presented with striking images. Also,  characters such as Jacob Marley,  Fanny, Fred, and Mr. Fezziwig, and the  ghosts are very convincing. Again, Dickens shows us the harsh conditions of  Victorian England. Also, Dickens emphasizes that even a hardened miser CAN  change. If you like this book, Dickens Christmas Book &quot;The Cricket on  the Hearth&quot; may also interest you.
6305229449|5.0|In the Disney world, where so many of the female heroines look like Barbie, and brains and courage aren't stressed as much as cute animals helping her get the cute prince, I was thrilled to see an everyday girl,  who loves her family more than herself, and thinks of more than catching a  prince.  This movie has wonderful messages, especially for girls and women,  about honor, and doing the right thing because it's the right thing.  If  only all Disney movies took these values to heart.
0425170349|4.0|Clancy starts this one off very fast. In Debt of Honor, the beginning drags, but readers will notice an immediate difference in this one. The plot takes you on a ride to the forshadowed end, sidetracking you with  these exciting distractions. Overall the book is great, but he does seem to  go into too much detail of irrelevancies. Maybe these irrelevancies are  really his idea of probing into the mind, but read up on Clancy's  background. Normally it wouldn't matter, but to appreciate this book, you  must know where he's coming from, his perspective on things. So, overall,  it was a great book.
B000002HMH|3.0|Man, whats going on? Every cool band is changing its style... and confirming Kravitz words: rock n roll is dead. Metallica, with this new album, became an ordinary band. There are thousands of albuns that sound  just like &quot;Load&quot;. Metallica destroyed its registered mark:  guitars sounding like classic music and narrow space for lyrics. What  happened? Are they becoming a punk band? You will find only three good  songs in this album: King Nothing, Mama Said and Ronnie. The disease that  is destroyng bands like Guns N Roses, U2, Type O Negative, Smashing  Pumpkings, Motley Crue,and destroyed Fastway, caught Metallica.
6303014100|5.0|This movie is beautifully superb.  Very accurate on almost every aspect of The Civil War and the battle, which is very hard to do.  A great screenplay, great directing, great acting, a great movie.  Period
0435905252|5.0|Achebe gives us, in a brief novel that most can read in a day, a gripping story.  While it is essentially the story of the Western take-over of a region of Africa, Achebe presents this take-over in a unique way.  The  novel follows Okonkwo and his exploits.  At first, from Okonkwo's  perspective, the Christian missionaries are a side-note to the daily  routine of African life, then as the missionaries gain more and more  influence, they take center stage in Okonkwo's life.  Gripping.  The  previous reviewers mentioned some interesting aspects of this book.  One  says that &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; gives legitimacy to highly  structured African culture.  Very true and excellent insight.  I suppose I  couldn't see the forest through the trees in this case.  UBU35 claims that  this is a book by a male for males.  Although Chinua Achebe is a man, I  think the male-domination theme of this book is more to caputre the spirit  of African culture, which is definately male dominated.  Instead of sexism  on Achebe's part, I think it is more of a litterary device to capture the  African culture.  This is also true for Achebe's using short, simple  sentences.  In all, a great read.
B00000DHZJ|2.0|When I first heard that Jimi was great, I went out and bought this CD.  Needless to say, I NEVER LISTEN TO IT ANYMORE!  I PERSONALLY DO NOT LIKE HENDRIX AND IF I WAS TO PICK MY FAVORITE GUITARIST, IT'D DEFINATLY BE ERIC  CLAPTON!  If you want some real blues or great rock, get any Eric Clapton  album from 1974-1977 and &quot;Crossroads 2: Live in the '70s&quot;  FORGET HENDRIX, CLAPTON AND STEVIE RAY RULE!
B000007T1M|5.0|a great metal band, and serj really sings awesome. different styles of singing. i like bands like korn and static-x. but this is much harder and agressive music. i reccomend this to any headbanger. fav. tracks are  1,2,and 3
B000002LN9|3.0|Some dissapointments I had with the CD was the OBVIOUS mediocre version of &quot;Badge&quot;....&quot;Badge&quot; is my favourite song, but the solo is BAD!  Clapton goes for speed instead of passion...Go Back and listen  to the &quot;Crossroads 2: Live in the '70s&quot; solo that's a WHOPPING 10  minutes long!  CLAPTON WAS TRULY BETTER IN THE '70S!
B000007T1M|5.0|a great metal band, and serj really sings awesome. different styles of singing. i like bands like korn and static-x. but this is much harder and agressive music. i reccomend this to any headbanger. fav. tracks are  1,2,and 3
B000001F2H|3.0|Let's start off saying that this album is good.   The tone is nice, the songs are good but the only thing I dislike is Clapton's style in this period.    It wasn't passionate and he couldn't define himself yet.   If  you want a REAL blast, get &quot;Crossroads 2: Live in the '70s&quot;; it's  TRUE CLAPTON and TRUE BLUES!
B000002J09|5.0|This is like &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, &quot;Highway 61&quot;, &quot;Dark Side&quot;, &quot;Exile On Main Street&quot;, or &quot;Never Mind The Bollocks&quot;.  If you know about it, you've already formed your own  opinion, and there's nothing new I can add to the discussion.  If you don't  know what's going on here (i.e. if your from a distant planet), then it is  your duty to buy this and marvel in some of the best music of the (20th)  century.  Hard to believe its almost 30 years old.
0679746048|5.0|One of the best books I have read about mental illness and mental hospitals. Very funny in parts, I would love to see the movie and compare the two. Maybe a bit too brief(I wish it would at least have been about 200  pages longer)but still a great book and one of my favorites.
B00000J6AG|2.0|I, a techno fan, hate it. My two best friends, who are avid blues fans, hate it. The songs drag on forever. In fact, the only good thing about this album is the Bodyrock. An Moby's shiny little head.
006092988X|5.0|I would probably pick A Tree Grows in Brooklyn as one of the greatest books of this century. Yeah, I know Ulysses was chosen as number 1 but those guys who picked the best books of the 20th century don't know what  their missing. This book has everything, you will fall in love with Franci  Nolan and her family. Its realistic about poverty but not quite as  depressingly repetitive as Angela's Ashes(I liked AA but A Tree Grows in  brooklyn is much better) This is one of those books where you escape into  the world of the characters and become best friends with the main  character. I could read this book over and over again and not get bored,  its a remarkable book and I recommend it to everyone who would like to be  introduced to a wonderful book that they can  treasure forever.
630575067X|4.0|After three terrific Star Wars movies comes the new Episode I. It is certainly not as good as the originals but worth some viewings. Liam Neeson is excellent as Qui Gon Jinn but his sidekick Ewan Gregor is not all that  great. The lightsaber fight was spectacular between Darth Maul, Obi-Wan  Kenobi, and Qui Gon Jinn. Darth Maul himself was really cool. The double  bladed lightsaber was a very nice touch. The battle droids were cool but  can't compare to stormtroopers, just as the Trade Federation can't compare  to the Galactic Empire and Nute Gunray can't compare to Darth Vader. I also  liked Vader better than Maul. The space fight was a bit of a joke. All you  saw was little Anakin talking to Artoo. The rest was good. But if you want  to see a REAL space battle, check out Return of the Jedi. There also  weren't to many fight scenes except the one between the Gungans and the  battle droids. For example, there is a great battle on Endor during Return  of the Jedi and an awesome battle on the ice planet Hoth between Rebels and  Imperial AT-AT walkers in The Empire Strikes Back. The cast in the  originals were way better. Some of the actors and actesses who were great  were Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, and Billy Dee Williams.  Though Episode I is good, the others are better. My favorite is The Empire  Strikes Back.
0671027344|5.0|This book is so real and so easy to relate to. As a teenager, i can completely identify with Charlie. These are some of the hardest years we will ever face and Stephen Chbosky pinpoints them exactly. This book will  make you cry and laugh.I read it all in one night bcaue i couldnt put it  down!
B000002KXV|5.0|I love music of all types, and am a musician myself.  This is the single greatest album in its genre I have ever heard.  It's the one I take with me when I go stereo shopping.
B00000K2UX|5.0|As with all the other reviews I think this is the best soundstrack I have ever heard. Every song is a great song and I listen to it over and over and I never get tired of it. You should definitely buy this soundtrack!
061318114X|4.0|This work builds such a logical explanation for the author's theories regarding the origins of people and why we evolved differently in different places and at different rates of change.  This book is not only a  completely enjoyable read, but is a fascinating exploration into the origin  and evolution of various cultures throughout the world.  It has certainly  given me pause to rethink alot of ideas that I held regarding the origins  of race and culture. Highly recommended. I think classifying this in the  young reader category is inaccurate, though a young person would  undoubtably benefit from the ideas in this book, however I feel that this  was not the audience that the writer was necessarily addressing.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I know that its been said many times, but this might truly be the best album of the nineties.  Each song is a masterpeice, crafted with perfect rythm and tone.  There is no better feeling for me then to sit down and  listen to this work of art all the way through.  Each song conveys a  different story and emotion, making you think about modern society and  life.  This being said I don't see how anyone could give this album below  five stars.  Unless of course you're one of those people who has no taste  in music and will listen to whatever catchy, flavor of the month band  happens to be hot on mtv.  I know that if you get this album you will never  go long without listening to it, personally  it rarely leaves the cd tray  of my stereo, or the play list of my mp3 player.  If you have a love for  great music, then pick up this masterpeice by radiohead, I can garauntee  that you won't regret it.
B00002RASO|5.0|There is no question that this is the movie which set the standard in this genre,as you probably know,it was considered too graffic and extremely violent to the standards of the 60's,nevertheless I strongly recomend it!it  is good to know that it is finally available in video,believe me when I say  that I was searching thru the Web and just about ready to give up. Good  going Amazon! Sincerely, Carlos F Guillen.
0553278223|4.0|A Christian priest who attempts to preach to being that have reached freedom of sin;<br />Earth astronauts who are taken for madmen by the telepathic natives and put out of their misery for &quot;manifesting the  most complete illusion in history&quot; - their spaceship;<br />A sort of  Johny Appleseed who desires to return to Mars its ancient forests;<br />Human  children that play the bones of eons-dead Martians like xylophones;<br />This  book contains endless material for thoughts. Bradbury has given the world  the first true aliens.
B00000IPAX|5.0|There's no guestion about it.  This is the best cd alive.  This album showed me the meaning of pure rock.  My three favorite songs are (Adam's Song,) (All the Small Things,) and (What's my Age Again.) I can't wait till  the blink puts out a new cd that's as good as this one.  I have no idea why  Amazon said people should buy Limp Bizkit if they like this album.  I'm a  fan of Limp Bizkit and to what I know, the Blink is not at all related.  So  if you're at a music shop and you see that cd sitting on the counter, spare  $12.00.  You'll be glad you did.
0553278223|4.0|The Martian Chronicles is perhaps the most episodic book I have ever read. Like a reviewer below has noted, Bradbury presents us with no central character, no centralized plot, no guidelines, generally nothing that will  give the reader a hold on the situation. There are only two recurring  things, Man and Mars. This is where the book's strength lies - it presents  how different people deal with the endless mystery of Mars: some see it as  an enemy; others try to protect its sanctity, even at the expense of their  mates' lives; yet others see it as a great opportunity. Throughout the  entire book the reader has two goals - observing the characters' reaction  to this ancient world, and figuring out for themselves what exactly is  Mars's mystery. The latter is never directly explained. Perhaps the only  disagreeable thing in the book are the radically diferent presentations of  Martians: one is the people of a radically different world, mystic,  romantic, unseen; they are present in most of the book. But the Chronicles'  beginning illustrates a different kind of Martians - human-like, petty,  squabbling, paranoid. In any case, The Martian Chronicles is a monumental  work of incredible thought and untouched values. I would eagerly advise it  to anyone searching for deeper meaning of things. This book may have all of  the answers.
B000001FXR|5.0|THANK YOU BOB THANK YOU PETER THANK YOU BUNNY, THANKS FOR THE MUSIC LOVE YOU GUYS FOR IT,                              CHARLES naturalmystic@mtnworks.net
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is probably the best greatest hits album I've ever heard before in my life. It's so great, that I own it. This album has (almost) all of my favorite Celine Dion songs on it. Her voice is beautiful and unqiue. Her  voice is powerful and strong and I really admire her. All of her songs on  this album are very meaningful and this is a great way to end a successful  and long career as an artist. Celine has had so many hit singles, and  that's why there's so many of them on this album. What I really like is how  she added some brand new songs. (My favorite out of her new songs is  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;). I hope Celine has a really wonderful and  successful time in starting a family with Renee. She really deserves all of  the credit and ravings she is recieving! Go out and buy this album if you  love or even just like Celine's music, I'm sure you will find at least one  or two songs on this album (if not, more) that you love.
B000002UTH|5.0|TO TRENDY MUSIC WHATEVER YOU ARE PERSON IN CHICAGO,                    YOU'RE SO WRONG
0517053616|5.0|What could one say?  Shakespeare's writing is one that can't be compared.  The language can be difficult.  But, you can learn so much from it and his writings.  William Shakespeare the epitome of a writer.
B000002GFT|5.0|I still have the original vinal album I purchased in 1969. I have it on tape and I have it on CD. I will not go into a long dissertation about this album. I will just say that it has been one of my all time favorites for  over 30 years. I still listen to it about once or twice a month and enjoy  it like the first time I heard it. A very special album indeed! I agree  with everything positive thats been said about it here. I would recommend  it to anyone who enjoys Folk Rock and to anyone else.
0767846362|5.0|I Loved the Video Versions, I loved them on the Big Screen, and I highly recommend them both (and at this great deal for both movies, you better get it before it's gone.)
B00003CWPR|4.0|&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is Stanley Kubrick's final work, and it is an amazing film!  The cinematography is vivid and lavish, with strong performances all around.  The visuals are absolutely stunning, and the plot  is intriguing!  Underdevelopment of Cruise's character, underuse of Kidman,  and overlength are slight problems, but managable.  All in all, it's a  truly magnificent film!
1573225517|5.0|I know, it's a cliche, but if you liked the movie you'll love the book. I work in a bookstore and I recommend High Fidelity and Brauner's Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf to everyone. Both are great, dead-on funny portrayals of  the way young people live, think, laugh, love. Two great books that should  be required reading however old you are.
B00000JZB5|5.0|music is a great kind of art everyone can enjoy it eaven without any kind of school. and everyone that eaven withou know nothing listen kind of blue say good god this is music! . everyone not only jazz's critics. so this is  music. the best music from61'.
014028009X|5.0|On either side of the Atlantic there's a great, funny book about the quirks of love and living in the 90's and 00's. Bridget rules the U.K., and check out Brauner's Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf. I'd give a lot to be able  to read these two great books the first time again!
0517548232|5.0|A great and accessible book on economics.  If you know nothing about the topic, read it, because it will save you from the pitfalls that have brough on most of modern economic errors.  If you know much about economics, read  it, because it will correct many tipically wrong notions of economics in  your head.  It is not meant to be a tratise, nor to solve all problems.  Like all great books, it is a simple, concise, yet essential single lesson  in economics.  From a broken window glass it takes you through all main  aspects of modern economics and teaches you an essential lesson: think  about the unseen effects of economic policies and actions. Get that lesson  wrong and you will find yourself in the midst of a third world economics  mentality.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is a must have for any rock/metal fan. System of a downrules! The best songs are &quot;sugar&quot;, &quot;spiders&quot;, and&quot;War?&quot;. I bought this C.D. because my cousin worked for them a while back and he gave me two demo tapes so I had to get this album. The only disappointment is that the song &quot;Temper&quot; that was on one of the demos didn't make the C.D.  END
B000002LQQ|4.0|If you were to compare this recording to the bands debut album you would say,&quot;Gee is this the same band?&quot;  Whereas as the debut is raw and spunky, this one is more dark and moody.  There are a few upbeat rockers on  here, but for the most part alot of the sounds are suitable for just  wanting something in the background.  This recording is quite similar to  their previous release, Brothers In Arms.  Basically, you can't go too  wrong with this band as they are quality all the way.  However, it ranks as  a 3 1/2 star rating while Making Movies and Love Over Gold are in the 4-5  star zone.
0812550706|5.0|When I first read this book I thought it was the best sci-fi book ever.  Then I read Speaker for the Dead and thought it was.  Then I read Xenocide and threw-up.   After rereading all three, Speaker for the Dead did not  hold up as well as Ender's Game.  Xenocide made me throw-up again.
B00000JBFW|3.0|Whereas this album is full of many no-frills rock n roll songs, it does not compare to the band's watershed release, Machine Head.  The guys reunited in 1984 and where there are a few synthesizer tricks here and  there, for the most part this album is of the slam bam thank you maam  variety.  Knocking At Your Backdoor is probably the albums best track with  a great rhythm, electrifying guitar solo, and spirited vocals.  However  little in the area of diversity exists on this release.  Most of the songs  trudge along at a fairly slow pace(Under The Gun and A Gypsies Kiss are the  only exceptions.  Basically this album is for established fans of the band.
0380002930|5.0|I first read this book when I was in 9th grade and thought it was wonderful.  I just reread it and it was better than I remembered.
0684872153|4.0|This book trully depicts how someone can overcome what others would see as a dismal future just by not giving up and always having goals to reach.  It also demonstrates how the smaller things in life sometimes are the most  memorable and why you should ever take anything for granted.   It really  gives a complete narration of the hardships lived in Ireland through the  eyes of a growing child.  The way it's written gives it the sense of growth  along with Frank as his vocabulary expands and his vision of the world  changes.
B00000K19E|4.0|To sum it up:  Not what it was all dressed up to be.  It was better.    This thought-provoking theater explosion features a plot like no other, but is sometimes a throwback to old horror movies in their approach.  You'll  find special effects that never end, and hundred of people being riddled  with bullets in the last half-hour, which is basically the whole movie.   Like George Lucas' Star Wars movies, it keeps you waiting until the very  end to see the most breathtaking action.  Be prepared though; if you  couldn't handle James Bond, this one will knife you in the head.  A  must-see for every teenager!
6305095574|5.0|Its a Cult Classic, I Hope some day Raimi and Campbell do the 4th part!
B00003003R|5.0|BUY THIS CD. It is great. It has a lot of their good songs, but where is Civil War? I would have liked to see a live &quot;Get in the Ring&quot; but i dont know if they ever played that live. If you like Guns N Roses or if  you like bands like Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin, AC DC or Metallica, you would  like this CD. Plenty of added profanity and great intros to the songs. A  fun CD with some great songs.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams comes back again to score the Star Wars saga. No one else could, if you think about it. Before, with the other three films, Williams had established themes to build around. Now, with a whole universe filled  with new characters, new planets, and new situations, he has had to  completely retool the music.    And retool beautifully, he has. The opening  credits are the same, that will never change, but not much else satys the  same. We are treated to sweeping scores, heavy percussion and more  vocalization than the first triolgy, but, somehow, it all fits.     &quot;The Duel of the Fates&quot; is reminiscent of Orff's &quot;Carmina  Burina&quot; overture. A beuatiful piece that satnds out as the signature  track on the CD.     Williams does give us a couple of recognizable theme,  most notably Darth Vader's theme played very quietly in a couple of spots  with young Anakin. Emperor Palpatine's theme is also heard, during  &quot;The Appearance of Darth Maul.&quot; A very recognizable theme comes  in &quot;The Droid Invasion.&quot;    The main marching theme for the Trade  Federation droid army is the same basic theme Williams used for the Nazi's  in &quot;Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.&quot; Coincidence? When you  consider the Trade Federation resembled the Nazis in mroe than a few ways,  I tend to think it was not a coincidence.    My only complaint on the album  is the combining of tracks of scenes that were not together. I was hoping  for something similiar to the Special Edition soundtracks, where the tracks  were in the order of the movie.     Overall, a very enjoyable CD. Williams  shows he is not afraid to take chances, and gives us a whole new universe  to explore musically.
6305750750|4.0|I enjoyed the movie very much. It had the great special effects that I've come to expect in a George Lucas film. The storyline was a little slow at times. The villian (Darth Maul) was great (why'd they have to kill him  off?). Now, the only real problem that I have is this....Why release the  movie only in the VHS format? I'll tell you why. Because people will not  wait for the DVD format and will buy the VHS instead. Then when the DVD is  finally released (probably months down the road)They will sell a gozillian  copies of the movie again. All I can say is this. George Lucas, is this how  you reward all of the worldwide fans of the star wars saga? Squeezing every  dime that can be squeezed by not putting all the formats out at once?
6303314015|5.0|This movie is probably the best disney movie ever and being 13 i seen every disney movie released.It's a toatally new idea. The vocies are gr8, the sound's are fantastic and the pictures WOW!   If you don't like this movie you have a serious problem. Anyway surely  you'd love one of the many other movie's disney has to ofter. Who know's  what disney has in store for us next!
B000006NPY|5.0|Easily the band's most coherent and heartfelt statement, &quot;Adore&quot; is the kind of album that evokes emotions that you never knew you had.  I find it strange that many so-called &quot;fans&quot; trash this album yet  say &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; is a masterpiece.  Nothing against that great  record, but it wandered all over the map and tried to be far too expansive.   Billy Corgan hits the mark, with all 16 tracks here being exceptional.  He  creates some beautifully lush sonic soundscaping on this album.  Gone are  the hammer of the gods guitar solos; in their place are synths and  keyboards.  Whatever they try to accomplish, they succeed magnificently.   Check out &quot;Machina/The Machines of God&quot; for another great  Pumpkins album, where the worlds of &quot;Adore&quot; and &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; crash head-on.  Oh yeah, and it also marks the return of Jimmy  Chamberlin.
0440211727|5.0|I think is the best book I ever read,bein only thirteen. This book well portrayed some of the many hate crimes and racist acts happening today. I couldn't this book down, it was so well written. This book brought tears to my eyes. I hope for the people that read this book understand the things in  this story are happening today all over the world.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Time may be the most expensive commodity we have and it was worth every penny during this 2 hour epic about the most &quot;ordinary&quot; family in America.  Kevin Spacey's performance was outstanding as was the performance  of Annete Benning and the rest of his co-stars.   The twists in the plot  and true fellings people have are shown dramatically and perfectly.  The  insight and true genius is only surpassed by the true accuracy of the  movie.  If you have not seen it, be sure to do so before its out of  theaters.....or just buy it..as i know i and many of my colleagues will.
B00000JCOV|5.0|DuDE, Slipknot iz Tha GreaTest bAnD eVer!  tHEy haVE thA GrEAteSt sTaGe sHOws.  EyE sAW 'em At Ozzfest'99.  ThE REcurD iZ aMAzing.  tHReE druMMers,a DJ, a samPler, ThrEE gUItArs (including bass) anD tHe grEatEst  sKreameR siNcE Fred Durst (before he sold out to MTV) thE rEcUrd is  OfF-ThA-HoOk AnD eVEry sonG gEts yOuR AdReNaLiNe gOinG.  PICK IT UP!
B000003TAR|5.0|This is an excellent album, adding to Kurt Cobains legacy.  At first, it seems a straightforward listin but as you listin to In Utero you hear more and more complex riffs.  The experimental side of Kurt shows through more  on this album than his others, especially in the tracks toward the end.  If  you liked Nevermind you will love this.<br />P.S. I dont know why it says this  is Explicit Lyrics here, I've never seen the black flag anywhere else.
6300214354|5.0|This has got to be one of the best comedies ever.  Val Kilmer is hillarious and a great singer.
B000002UUX|5.0|Megadeth at their best. This is the one that made me a Megadeth fan. Pure Energy and Pure Aggression. Every song kicks here at full speed ahead. Every time I put this one on its blasting. Favs include the now classics  &quot;Holy Wars&quot;, &quot;Hanger 18&quot; and &quot;Tornado Of  Souls&quot;. A Must get for any metal fan. Easily Megadeth's best. After  this release they progressed a bit but I respect that in a band if the  progression fits. 1990-1994 era of Megadeth rules big time.
B000001DYD|5.0|A Masterpiece.  O Polly you leave me breathless.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Countdown kind of reminds me of part 1 to Youthanasia to me the songs are somewhat similar but that's cool. This is the album that put Megadeth on the map for superstardom and on regular Mtv playings. 2 million sold #2 on  the charts was a shock when this came out. It just comes to show you that  Megadeth can out last alot of the metal bands of the 80's. 15 years  together and their still selling albums. Progression is the key to success.  To Megadeth it is without losing that metal sound. I respect you guys.  Killer Album! BUY IT!
6305470464|5.0|This movie is chocked full of wonderful performances by the entire cast. Gillian Anderson and Angelina Jolie especially deliver outstanding individual performances. The range of ages and issues between the different  couples, offers something for everyone. This movie flows well throughout,  from the beginning to the end!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I LOVE this CD!  it is my favorite. They are extremly talented and I just Love there songs.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Words cannot describe how BAD this film is. The scenes are so long and drawn out that you want to run screaming from the room. It will take more than a little nudity to make this film vaguely interesting. Save your  money!
0553573403|5.0|WoW!  This is By far the best book Ive ever read. Ive gone into the book store many times and picked up this book, just to put it down again becaus I THOUGHT I found a better one. Boy was I wrong Time and Time again. Then  one day I borrowed this book from my cousin and I was hooked after the very  first chapter. Martin does one hell of a job giving each character in the  book depth(and there are allot of characters). The only problem I have is I  was sorry to see the book End. So I sit here patiently waiting for more. My  sugestion is BUY THIS BOOK!
B00001QEE7|5.0|I LOVE THE LITTLE MERMAID &quot;ARIEL IS THE WORLD'S GREATEST MERMAID EVER&quot; SHE IS VERY AWESOME. SHE IS VERY SWEET. I LIKE TO MAKE A SPECIAL FRIEND WITH HER.
630514415X|5.0|As I`m a big basketball-fan i enjoyed this movie very much. Spike Lee, Ray Allen and especially Denzel Washington did a great job. I also liked the appearance of Travis Best. This movie gives you a lot of information about  how pro-sports business really works. The part with the sportrs agent is my  absolute favoueite. Check this out, You won`t be disappointed!
6305074364|5.0|This is a great movie.  It kept me right on the end of my seat.  It had a wonderful mix of suspense and thriller.  Kathy Bates definitely deserved the recognition that she did.  She really made you think that she was  indeed a psychotic nurse in real life.  James Caan did a great job acting  out what it really would feel like if you broke your legs.  I think that he  also should have recieved an award for that role.  This was a great movie,  almost as good as the book.  You should go out and buy this movie and read  the book, but read the book first before the movie.
0385493800|5.0|This was a quick read for me. I loved this story. I get the feeling Mr Grisham is trying to branch out in other the directions in this story. What a grand idea for the character to show a more human face. The main charcter  look for the daughter of a recently died Troy Phelan; a self-made  billionaire. But get this, the daugther does not want her  money. She  chooses to give her life to God and walk away from the mordern world and  .... You got to read it for yourself. This is a remarkable adventure. Score  another one for JG.  This is a sure 6 or 7 stars if possible. I wonder will  the recently book release, The Brethren, be this good. In my book the  PARTNER by JG is as good as the TESTAMENT. Get your copy today.
B0000089A1|4.0|this is the start of decline for the kinks while still an excellent cd it is not quite as good as their last 3 lp's.that is why it is a deserving 4 star cd.the kinks would never reach that 5 star level after arthur but lola  vs the powerman was as close as they ever got.
B00003Q438|5.0|Although the Abyss is 11 years old it is still one of the classics. Sound and picture are as pure as a diamond. Watch the special edition and see the film in a new light, the 28 extra minutes tells another story, so find out  what really happened when Ed Harris went to the bottom of the sea. Connect  the DVD player to a Dolby Digital 5.1 Decoder and this film really comes  alive. Edge of the seat action that will make you Jump, Scream, and Cry.  Great acting and superb special effects from the master of cinematography  &quot; James Cameron &quot; and the sound quality that can only be made  with the best..THX.        Films of today are still trying to match the  quality of this film but are still way behind in every way.  10/10
0380002930|5.0|Few books can match the quality of Watership Down.  Adams is one of the most talented authors I have read; his writing flows and has a poetic charm to it.  The book follows a group of displaced rabbits on a journey to find  a new home, and led by Hazel, an unassuming yet effective leader, the  clairvoyant Fiver, and the brawny Bigwig, the group travels through the  countryside to a far off and unknown haven called Watership Down.  With  only bravery, guile, luck, and the mysterious visions of Fiver, the group  attempts to overcome the substantial obstacles they face on their journey.   This book stands as a parable of human society or simply as a wonderful and  joyful tale that can be enjoyed by readers of all ages.
B00003Q438|5.0|Although the Abyss is 11 years old it is still one of the classics. Sound and picture are as pure as a diamond. Watch the special edition and see the film in a new light, the 28 extra minutes tells another story, so find out  what really happened when Ed Harris went to the bottom of the sea. Connect  the DVD player to a Dolby Digital 5.1 Decoder and this film really comes  alive. Edge of the seat action that will make you Jump, Scream, and Cry.  Great acting and superb special effects from the master of cinematography  &quot; James Cameron &quot; and the sound quality that can only be made  with the best..THX. Films of today are still trying to match the quality of  this film but are still way behind in every way.  10/10
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes Wide Shut is an excellent socio-sexual drama directed by Stanley Kubrick. The Movie follows Dr. Bill Hardford (Tom Cruise) as his eyes become wide open to the sexual nature of society after his wife's (Nicole  Kidman) revelation of a near sexual affair. Kubrick's final film is a  masterpeice all its own. It contains stunning  light visuals and beautiful  color schemes. The DVD version has extra features such as the original  theatrical trailer, and interviews with Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman in  rememberance of the late Stanley Kubrick. Eyes Wide Shut is an excellent  addition to any film library.
0345350499|5.0|This book made me weep, made me smile, made me read it again, again and again. It is fantastic and Marion Zimmer Bradley enchanted me with all the magic of Avalon. Gwenhwyfar and Morgaine were wonderful, without forgeting Viviane, Igraine and Morgause. <br />Its beautiful; read it and worship it!
B00000JJQK|5.0|I reviewed this mono/stereo &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; disc last year, but I  hadn't actually heard it and assumed the CD utilized the same masters as  those employed earlier on Capitol's 4 CD &quot;Pet Sounds Sessions&quot;  box set, as nothing on the exterior packaging indicated otherwise. Well, I  finally bought this CD, even though I own the box set (and about a dozen  other vinyl, tape and CD incarnations of &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;) and, guess  what, I made a false assumption! The mono mix here IS a NEW one, done in  1999, and it's superior to either the mono &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; disc  issued with the original box set or the first, overly bright &quot;Pet  Sounds&quot; mono CD, made with the Sonic Solutions system, issued by  Capitol back in the 1980s. The 1999 mono remastering, done at Capitol, is  richer and fuller sounding, with less audible tape noise, and the sound is  better detailed. Only the mono mix remastered by Steve Hoffman on the gold  CD issued in 1993 by DCC Compact Classics really comes close. Hoffman's  remastering has a slighter warmer tone, reminisicent of the vinyl original,  but the sound is a little less detailed. In all, the differences between  the 1993 and 1999 remasterings are just fresh evidence of how much digital  technology has improved in only a few years. The stereo mix here sounds the  same to me as the box version. It remains a technical marvel and, for me,  an artistic delight as well, allowing you to hear the full depth of Brian  Wilson's multitrack, multilayered arrangements as never before. The new  booklet outlines differences in the mixes but doesn't add a lot of new  information on the sessions, which were already exhaustively detailed in  material accompanying the box set.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Personally I love this album the entire thing is a masterpice in it's own,it has so much taste. I will always give credit to enigma for there wonderfull words,music,and magickal background,they will always be a part  of my collection and meditations.
B00000AFWW|2.0|Finally, the truth is revealed.  It is as obvious as the day is long that  the songwriter for the band Hole died right after the release of their  seminal album &quot;Live Through This.&quot; Too bad, because Hole's lead  singer can pull it off pretty well.  I'd pass on this one.  Buy  &quot;Bleach&quot; instead.
B000002IR7|2.0|&quot;Green Onions&quot; is a great song--a song that sounds  thrilling no matter how many times you've heard it. Unfortunately, the &quot;Green Onions&quot; album isn't nearly as exciting and gets kind of tiring after a  listen or two. This was the MG's first album and was recorded after the 45  of &quot;Green Onions&quot; hit the top of the charts. The inventiveness  and fire evident on the &quot;Green Onions&quot; single is just about  impossible to find on the other tracks of this album, though. If you were  thinking of getting this so you could hear &quot;Green Onions&quot;--well,  don't do it. Pick up &quot;The Very Best of&quot; on Rhino. It has  &quot;Green Onions&quot; and about 17 other songs that are just as  thrilling. Then, if you want to have more MG's material, pick up &quot;Hip  Hug-Her&quot; or &quot;Soul Limbo&quot; or the &quot;Time is Tight&quot;  Box set. This album is one that only completists will want.
B000002MNL|4.0|As shocking as it may seem, Morrissey apparantly decided to aim his droll  humor toward a commercially viable record, demonstrating the breadth of his  musicality.  Personally, I prefer a more distanced record from this artist  but this album certainly works.  The sonic quality is strong and the  playing excellent. The acoustic guitar sounds are paricularly well  recorded.  Morrissey is in good voice, is both witty and clever, and  delivers a CD that is highly listenable. It almost sounds like he actually  tried to make a hit record.   Before Morrissey's creative well seemingly  ran dry, he could always be counted on to demonsrate good taste in  songwriting, musicians and production. This is a pretty strong culmination  of that.  It's unfortunate his artiste side has dominated the later efforts  (such as Maladjusted and the weaker b-side release Early Burglary Years)  when he has the ability to create records like this.  Worth owning.
B00000IPAX|1.0|When I bought this cd I thought it would be like their previous stuff.  But really it's not they have TOTALLY lost there edge! They didn't have alot to start out with but they were a whole lot better and it was almost  punk. Now I don't know what was so appealing about this album to me. It was  a complete waste of money!   If you want some good punk go get Lag Wagon,  NOFX, Strung Out, Gutter Mouth,Face to Face, etc.
B000001FQ8|5.0|As with &quot;The Lonesome Jubilee&quot;, the lyrics are what make this  collection of songs stand out. Younger, more radio-dependent fans may not  have enjoyed this album, but anyone capable of paying attention to the  lyrical content had to have been deeply affected. &quot;Jackie Brown&quot;  is an absolutely hearbreaking tale of one poor man's struggle, and the  irony of &quot;Pop Singer&quot; is underscored by the utter brilliance of  the music.  &quot;Country Gentleman&quot; and &quot;JM's Question&quot;  paint some truly ugly pictures of the hypocrisy and greed so prevalent in  late 80's America; John wasn't about to sugar-coat the truth! Overall, this  album may not grab every fan on the first listen, but it's well lending  another ear.  For his own peace of mind, it's good that Mellencamp has  lightened up since &quot;Big Daddy&quot;, but the truths spoken here needed  telling.
6303187064|5.0|This film is the earliest that was released . Its tale of life lost and redeemed is perhaps the very simplest as far as movies go. The tale of someone coming back from the dead, and avenging the lives lost wasnt as so  skillfully touched as it is here. If you want to see a good film skillfully  done,see this one,it is very worth your time. All in all a very good film.
B000001FQ8|5.0|As with &quot;The Lonesome Jubilee&quot;, the lyrics are what make this  collection of songs stand out. Younger, more radio-dependent fans may not  have enjoyed this album, but anyone capable of paying attention to the  lyrical content had to have been deeply affected. &quot;Jackie Brown&quot;  is an absolutely hearbreaking tale of one poor man's struggle, and the  irony of &quot;Pop Singer&quot; is underscored by the sheer brilliance of  the music.  &quot;Country Gentleman&quot; and &quot;JM's Question&quot;  paint some truly ugly pictures of the hypocrisy and greed so prevalent in  late 80's America; John wasn't about to sugar-coat the truth! Overall, this  album may not grab every fan on the first listen, but it's well worth  lending another ear.  For his own peace of mind, it's good that Mellencamp  has lightened up since &quot;Big Daddy&quot;, but the truths spoken here  needed telling.
0688170528|5.0|This book, about a teen romance gone sour, is not one I would've picked on my own. But this book sticks with you, exploring family dynamics on many levels and the repercussions of love and the ties that bind. A real page turner! The ending will be the cause of much discussion if you read it for  a book group. POW!
B000003AEB|5.0|This is just rap at its best.  In addition to having three HUGE hits on it (Lodi Dodi, Gin &amp; Juice, What's My Name?), there's so much more.  This is definitely a must-have for ANY sort of rap/hip-hop fan.  I myself find  that a lot of the stuff that has been coming out lately is of really poor  quality, but Doggystyle is simply amazing.  BUY IT!
034538072X|4.0|I've read all of the books in Weir's series, except 'The Children of Henry the VIII, on the English monarchy and they are all excellent. This one is informative, however it did drag on at times. I think she spent a little too much time on each wife and by the 5th, I was wishing she'd just get on  with it.  Weir's approach is to look at the personalities of the  individuals involved and how that affected their actions and ultimately  history.
B000001Y9I|5.0|For those of you that thought that the Purple People were about to die yet another slow death..SURPRISE!  The critics said the this band couldn't survive without the 'triumverat' of Paice, Lord and, Blackmore..and at one  time, they were right.  That was then..this is now!  Gone is the teutonic  slashings of The Vanguard, enter Steve Morse.  Try, if you will, to imagine  a B3 heavy rock band, that can be 'funky'.  Now listen to 'Ted the  Mechanic'.  The band sounds like they're having fun making music again!  This is a completely revived and recharged band, with a musical horizon as  broad as they come.  The Hammond stylings of Jon Lord are as reverberating  and heavy as they were in 1972 (that little Osaka set..remember?).  Ian  Paice and Roger Glover still make for a most dangerous and versatile rhythm  section.  Whoever said Ian Gillan blew his voice out in the seventies had  better check 'Castle Full of Rascals' for an update and a reality check.   Then there's Morse..if there's any style he CAN'T play, I've yet to hear  it.  Check the twin solos he kicks out with Lord on 'Hey Cisco' and  'Cascades'.Sure, this doesn't sound like vintage Purple.  Who wants to  re-hash everything?  If it's gotta be fresh, lively, thunderous, and Deep  Purple..you gotta get this album!
630516889X|4.0|I wanted to comment on the Widescreen Review of the picture and sound quality. I think the highest rating should be reserved for quality that is perfect in every way. There were a few short minor scenes where the picture  looked grainy and I found very easy to pick up. I also had a weird sound  change where background noise disappears (ie sound of burning wood) in the  middle of some dialogue that had me rewinding wondering if I has hearing or  not hearing things, as the case may be. None-the-less, the picture quality  and sound is excellent where it counts and all this DVD could use is maybe  some more extras. A decent DVD to have in any collection.
B000005AYM|5.0|Her lyrics bring me to whole other places.  She is talented and (i think) has changed the way that mainstream culture looks at black women.
0790731479|4.0|I bought this DVD with the idea that since the soundtrack was redone, it was just going to blow me away, especially the Day-O scene. I agree with the Widescreen review of this DVD on the sound quality. I didn't find the  soundtrack that impressive unlike some others done in 5.1 format. The  picture quality, however, did make up for some of the soundtrack  disappointments.
B00000JZIK|5.0|There's not much left to say in praise of this film -- Gabriel Byrne and Kevin Spacey are sublime, Pete Postlethwaite a deliciously eloquent villain, Christopher McQuarrie's script an energetic, imaginative maze of  twists and conflicts, and Bryan Singer's direction rock-steady, making this  one of the most stylish films of the '90s but still packing it with enough  substance and character to back up the flair.<br />It was nice to see a crime  film that didn't ape Pulp Fiction, instead carving out its own niche as a  cerebral, eloquent film about betrayal, deception, fear, redemption (or the  impossibility of redemption), and identity.  One of the grandest tricks in  The Usual Suspects is to create a thoroughly winning hero, yet forcing you  to applaud the ingenuity of the victorious villains at the end.<br />A high  point in '90s cinema.
0790731479|4.0|I bought this DVD with the idea that since the soundtrack was redone, it was just going to blow me away, especially the Day-O scene. I agree with the Widescreen review of this DVD on the sound quality. I didn't find the  soundtrack that impressive unlike some others done in 5.1 format. The  picture quality, however, did make up for some of the soundtrack  disappointments.
0792839676|5.0|Carrie ranks with the Exorcist as one of the all time great horror film classics.  Steven King's best novel directed by Brian DePalma and starring my favorite actress, Sissy Spacek, the film shot in '76 shows what '70s  high school is all about.  The characters in the film are divided  between essentially good (Carrie, Betty Buckley, Amy Irving, Tommy Ross)  and essentially evil (Nancy Allen, John Travolta, Piper Laurie).  The film  has some important messages to it.  One is how ironic it is that religious  fanaticism could be the basis for evil, which this film and much of human  history proves.  Another is how &#34;group think&#34; can easily devolve  into evil, in this case the high school in-crowd where you must be evil to  be accepted.  3rd, the most purely good character in the film is Carrie  herself, a victim of the evil of her mother and classmates...not too  unbelievable a scenario for high school outcasts.  One note on the  widely misinterpreted prom scene:  as everyone who's read the book knows,  everyone's not laughing at Carrie, only the girl in on the prank is.  Everyone else is only imagined to be laughing by Carrie.  Finally the  film is a statement against the in-crowd vs. outcast mentality pervasive in  high schools and society in general.  Columbine and all the other high  school tragedies highlight this.  It's time to change the oppressive school  environment before many armed Carries receive one taunt too many.
B0000025DT|4.0|I own this 70's masterpiece. If you enjoy a wide variety of music with  classical overtones to rock power chords, you will enjoy this recording. I  especially like the masterful use of electronics and synthesizers applied  to the colorful melodies. There are many hits on this CD including Livin'  Thing, Telephone Line and my favorite Do Ya. I also highly recommend the  CD, &quot;Out of the Blue.&quot;
0783240287|5.0|I have been a great fan of &quot;Joseph&quot; since the original album came out some thirty years ago.  I was lucky enough to see Donny Osmond in it a few years ago and renewed my love affair with this show.  This is an  astoundingly good production that retains all that is wonderful about  &quot;Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.&quot;  Some filmed  versions of musicals are disappointing, I think because the film industry  has forgotten how to do it right.  Let's face it, with the exception of  &quot;Evita&quot; and &quot;Cats,&quot; there hasn't been a major musical  filmed in two decades.  &quot;Evita&quot; was right on the money.   &quot;Cats&quot; was a mild disappointment.  And &quot;Joseph&quot;  surpasses them both.  Everything about the show is wonderful.  The cast  (Donny Osmond and Maria Friedman especially), the sets (based on the stage  production, but opened out and expanded), the music (always a treat), the  choreography (delightfully camp), and the direction (this is so much more  than just some MTV video).  If you've seen the show done live, you'll love  the DVD.  If you've never seen the show done live, you'll love the DVD.   It's a win/win situation.
6305073341|3.0|This movie is way cool! But it had too much voilence. It had cool special effects, though. ED-209 is awesome! If you like SCI-FI movies this is just for you.
0805062971|5.0|I saw Fight Club, the movie, first.  I thought the movie was amazing!  Then I happened to pick up the book, from Chuck Palahniuk.  I read the book in one and a half days and have to say...the movie DOES NOT give ONE PAGE of the book due credit.  Not to say the movie was bad, it was amazing but  seemed to have a completely different feel.  The movie looses all the books  line-to-line profundity while focusing on something Palahniuk only hinted  at and used and a metaphor or step, to present, realize &amp; show a much  more profound, deeply profound statement/feeling.  And even though the book  had much more violence with gore, it didn't seem as violent as the movie  was.  The book seemed full of beauty where the film seemed distorted and  out of focus.  Not to say the violence in either the book, or film was bad  cause, it's not.  At least to me. From the first chapter of Fight Club, I  knew the book would be different &amp; more full of truth, significance and  beauty.  The film also seemed more confusing/distorted cause it's not as  full, not as complete and accurate as the book is.  I think David Fincher  is a genious but I also think he didn't fully realize what the book was  about.  I couldn't believe he cut out the scene in the book where the  narrator meets Tyler on the beach!  Not to say I'd do any better making a  movie out of Fight Club.  It just seemed the movie had a different feel,  different emotions throughout it.  Nonetheless it's a superb film.  The  movie leaves you scratching you're head til it hurts; the book leaves you  scratching your head with some de ja vu feeling that what you just  finished, what you just witnessed, has something that you can't quite put  your finger on, but at the same time, can.  Go with the book &amp;  Palahniuks deep deep character, spiritual descriptiveness &amp; it'll be  worth it.  Anything I say couldn't give the book due credit.
6305807086|5.0|Being John Malkovich is, without question, the most highly imaginative and inventive script put to paper in this decade. In just his first ever produced screenplay, Charles Kaufman has masterminded one of the most  hilarious and most thoughtful stories ever put to film and it is destined  to become a classic, be it mainstream or cult. <br />Also marking Spike  Jonze's directorial debut is Being John Malkovich and what better way to  start a promising directing career then to do a movie about going inside  the head of a famous Thespian. Having read many reviews for BJM, I have  seen it been called a metaphor for directing, acting and even a metaphor  for being a film critic. Being John Malkovich is a rarity is Hollywood, it  is a movie that can be taken in a different light by everyone that sees it  as someone might think that it is just a funny movie or someone could look  a little closer and see all of the moral and ethical questions that the  movie raises.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|This movie was crudely done, with only bits and pieces of humor. This was too long, with crude humor and unnessary profanity. If only they cut that unnessary love scene out and made Smith and Kline less competitive and  Salma Hayek less of a wimp, this would have been a lot better. Rated PG-13  for profanity, sexuality, and action-related violence.
0441003257|5.0|&quot;God moves in extremely mysterious, not to say, circuitous ways.  God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other  players, (i.e. everybody.) to being involved in an obscure and complex  version of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite  stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the  time.&quot; This is one of the best books I have ever read.  Unless you  have no sense of humor whatsoever you will actually laugh out loud when  reading this.  It is religous based humor, but not offesive.  The  characters are interesting and the plot is exciting.  Give it a shot, it's  worth it.
B00001QEE9|5.0|I'll leave the technical debates to the other reviewers, and just say that I'm perfectly happy with the DVD version I purchased.<br />I'd rather discuss the film itself.  The title of this review speaks for itself.  Sure, the technology available to the artists then doesn't stack up to the technical  quality in modern films, such as Tarzan or Mulan, but the charming  storytelling techniques more than allow you to forget this  shortcoming.Frankly, IMHO, this is the richest and most stirring Disney  tale ever.  Pinocchio is a superb story of growth and morality.  The  protagonist is plagued by the most human of foibles: the inability to  listen to one's conscience.  The villains, from Stromboli to the purveyor  of Pleasure Island, are individuals transplanted from our own world: the  street hustler and the conscienceless CEO.  Of course, fantasy is a key  element; if you allow yourself to see through Pinocchio's eyes, Monstro is  as primal and frightening a threat as the Queen from Aliens.And this is  from the jaded voice of a reviewer well on his way to his 30's; the songs,  humor, and simple morality story of Pinocchio is one that children of all  ages will always love...
0451167716|5.0|Hey, it's Kathy, my other review will probably be right under this one or something.  I thought of something to add.  How many times have you read of a family with this much reality in it?  The love-hate relationships, the respect, the worry, the caring, the &quot;arguements&quot; (no one dares to  TRULY argue with the Don), THE FOOD!  As an Italian at heart and in my  blood this book makes me hungry for spaghetti and gardenare (sp?), peppers,   sausage, garlic bread, gravy... you get me.  Brilliant, it's real, it's  true, believeable.  How anyone could not connect with this outstanding book  is beyond me.
B00003CX5A|5.0|You may not take my opinion very well because I'm onlly eleven but, I think this was a great film! You see, One rainy afternoon I had to go see Pokemon with my little sister, for my reward of sitting through that mess of a movie I was allowed to see any movie of my choice . i chose sleepy  hollow , At first I didn't the the story would be visually gorgeous at all  but to my suprise it was. It did have a lot of gore in it as well which  drove all the men in my family to go and see it too.The soundtrack by danny  elfman is haunting and I myself plan on purchasing the dvd and the cd.
B000008M54|4.0|I first discovered this album in 1990 while I was in college and it is still a mainstay in my regular CD rotation.  The Waterboys are one of the most underrated bands of the 1980's, and they produced some of the decade's  most eclectic, interesting music.  Fisherman's Blues is unlike any other  album you will own.  It has a little rock, a little soul and a little  traditional Irish music.  How many albums can you say have that  combination? The album was recorded in Ireland and is chock full of top  notch Irish instrumentalists.  The band's main man, Mike Scott, is actually  Scottish, but it is hard to believe it here.  Songs like the title cut,  When Ye Go Away and an almost note-perfect interpretation of Van Morrison's  Sweet Thing are unforgettable.  The album isn't totally flawless, but it  has a special place in my heart, and if I get in my Irish music mood, I dig  it out, mainly because a little Irish music goes a long way and there is  just enough here.
6305807086|5.0|Totally off the wall.  ...Light, classy... interesting !  ... and over-all FUN AS HELL~<br />This movie proves that it doesn't take a huge budget to make an excellent movie.<br />MALCOVICH !  LOL
B000000XB9|5.0|If you like CCR or classic rock, then you need to have this CD.  All of  the tracks are good, because all of CCR's hits are included.  If there is  one negative thing about this album, it's the drawn-out end of 'I Heard it  Through the Grapevine.'  But it's a good CD.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Few albums have ever been released with so many amazing songs.  Bowie's  Hunky Dory and the Pumpkins' Mellon Collie come to mind, but there many be  a few others.  Not many, though.
6305807426|2.0|...  Inferno is not-definately not an enjoyable movie. Ihonestly wanted to give the film a higher rating than 2 starsconsidering the massive signature Argento stylistic input but theplot/storyline is just completely unbearable. The slow pace and nonsensicle structure is unforgiving and the film leaves you drained after watching it considering all of the questions you'll ask yourself about the movie. Unfortunately the film never-NEVER EXPLAINS THE &quot;PLOT&quot; FULLY. While this is a known factor of Argento films, the plot in Inferno is unacceptable! It's the absolute most annoying Argento has ever conjured up!... Still, Inferno features some nice visuals and the dubbing is really cheesy-but in a stylistic atmospheric way. Inferno is a work of art but definately not a good movie. See to only admire the visuals (or become bored to death) *2stars!* END
038532653X|5.0|I don't know what came over me when I read this book, but I wept at every chapter and I couldn't sleep the night after I finished it. Even recalling it now makes me tremble. It is one of the best books I have ever read, and  some people are ignorant enough to say that this book is overrated and far  to strange for children, but some people aren't up to anything but reality  and simplistic happiness. I have defined this book as one revelry with  beauty and symphonic silence and faraway looks. Godspeed Persephone.
B00000I0XW|5.0|her beautiful voice makes me feel there are so many beasutiful things in  the world. she sings like an angel
B00003CWL5|4.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is being interpreted as a film about appearances but I believe it is more than that.  Suburbia has been satirized for decades but this film has captured America's attention more  than those other films.  The people who have found it shallow have offered  shallow interpretations--&quot;the perfect family from the outside is  dysfunctional when subjected to scrutiny.&quot;  Also, reviewers proffer  that the film is a morality lesson telling us that pursuit of material  possessions is empty and cannot provide happiness.  Yes, yes, but these are  truisms and there has to be more to &quot;American Beauty&quot; than  this.<br />I think &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a filmic version of U2's  album &quot;Achtung Baby.&quot;  To me it says this:  People who are  obsessed with the way things look rather than what they are fail to  perceive truth and beauty.  The boy next door epitomizes the search for  reality, and the film is about Lester's evolution in that direction.  The  less effort he expends in creating an illusion, the more acute his  discernment of reality--and with that growing discernment comes the  revelation that reality is far more emotional than the illusions we  construct to represent reality.  Thus, the object of his desires, when  viewed through Lester's evolved eyes, ceases to be a symbol of seduction  and becomes what she is, a frightened child.<br />&quot;American Beauty&quot;  is a wonderful film.  Best of the year?  I don't know.  I preferred  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut,&quot; which deals with the exact same themes.
B00000JKH2|5.0|I'd never heard these guys before stumbling across a free track available on eMusic.com.  They strike me as a blend between Sunny Day Real Estate and Roadside Monument, and Rage Against the Machine (definitely less of the  latter).  This EP is surprisingly strong--there's not a filler track on it.   I definitely recommend this to emo fans (and anyone else interested in  legitimate, non-commercial music).
B000001EMW|5.0|Being a cellist and a Metallica fan, this album was a perfect match when I was introduced to it by a friend.  Many of my friends (and even my parents!) have listened to it and enjoyed it.  I haven't heard a bad thing  about it from anybody who's listened to the album.  &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; are probably the  best songs on the album, but the whole disc is great!  The cello is a very  versitile instrument, and the guys from Apocalyptica (who are classically  trained musicians, and big Metallica fans) give a stellar perfomance.  They  show the HUGE range of the cello (and their talent), and still keep the  spirit of Metallica alive in the music.  My die-hard Metallica fan friends  love this stuff as well as my non-metal liking friends.  This is an  all-in-all GREAT album that, in my experience, can really be appreciated by  almost anybody.  Check out their second album, Inquisition Symphony, as  well!
B00000DHZJ|5.0|Wow this was the first jimi hendrix cd I bought about a year ago.  Now my  collection has about 30 hendrix cd'd.  This is a great cd for anyone  interested in hendrix.  However on a similar topic I am looking for 3  hendrix cd's to complete my collection.  They are Voodoo Soup, Purple Haze  in Woodstock, and Live in Woodstock-the '94 release.  If you can help me  find these cd's I will pay a large amount for your services.  My E-mail  address is punkaliens@aol.com.  Thank you.
6302000823|5.0|yes , it is true ..one MUST see the full 155 minutes of this glorious film that works on all levels.<br />The Episodic transitions are all here and the finale is only underscored more by the long version.Really a tribute for  filmgoers everywhere and a sendoff that is touching and ironic.<br />Forget  about that &quot;feel good&quot; junk hollywood puts out..here this is a  story and people you can care about.It is simple yet profound <br />CP
B00000DHZJ|5.0|Wow this was the first jimi hendrix cd I bought about a year ago.  Now my  collection has about 30 hendrix cd'd.  This is a great cd for anyone  interested in hendrix.  However on a similar topic I am looking for 3  hendrix cd's to complete my collection.  They are Voodoo Soup, Purple Haze  in Woodstock, and Live in Woodstock-the '94 release.  If you can help me  find these cd's I will pay a large price for your services.  Thank you.
0062502182|5.0|This book is full of life meanings... Some people might find it exagerated, but you shouldn't take it literally... If you read it with an open mind, you'll find it very interesting in an inspirational way... It is  a story that is full of wisdom, yet very easy to read... Once you read the  first few pages, you cannot leave the book until you finish it...
B00000IPAX|3.0|I hate to say it, but blink 182 is a teeny bopper band.  i mean, they're music isn't terrible, but it's not great. I've had it for a number of months, and i've listened to the entire thing maybe twice. don't get me  wrong, i like the guys, they're cool, and seem really funny and all (except  for travis, he just looks dirty and scummy), but i bet they can do better
0671578278|5.0|This series gets better with each book. Thoughtful and funny, but don't read it in front of others - they won't understand why you're laughing at times!
B000002C25|2.0|I am a Oasis fan and to be honest Be Here Now isn't very good . The only good songs are d'you know what i mean , magic pie , stand by me and all  around the world {which is too long } . Its no where near as good as the  others and isn't worth the money
0800141709|4.0|This is a classic Kubrick movie.  Using the Cold War as the backdrop for his black comedy concerning a nuclear doomsday.  Great movie, if you like Kubrick movies you will love this one.
B000005J56|5.0|I bought this cd before it became as popular as it has done in the past 6 months or so here in Australia. I love the easy, relaxing melodies, and the songs which make you get up and dance. This was the first latin cd i  bought, and i was blown away by the sound produced! An excellant cd, what  in earth are people complaining about the addition of a slide guitar  for..?
B000003NA4|5.0|If you're confused why 95% of listeners gave this 5 stars and 5% hated it, I'll explain. This is not a &quot;technical&quot; jazz recording, not for die hard jazz buffs, it's for lovers. It's for romantics. Diana is sexy and  romantic in a scotch and honey sort of way. She doesn't have the greatest  jazz voice or range in the world, but I love it. The songs make you feel  good, open a bottle of great wine with your loved one, or sit back in your  car and make the miles go by pleasurably, or peel yourself a grape.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Well, I am so pleased that I bought this album. It is wonderful.. full of  great beats, infectious voices, and melodies that play in your head all  day. There is also an element of emotional struggle and sadness in there  which gives the whole project a human touch that is so lacking in a lot of  these types of albums.<br />His mixing is clever, and the twisting of the  samples through the grooves had me dancing (and I NEVER dance.) Please have  a listen, Im sure you will love it.
B00000JCB3|5.0|LOve the Cd.  Love the song Nookie.  Limp Biskit is awesome.  I highly  recommend this cd to anyone. BUY IT BUY IT
B00000K19E|2.0|This is a warning: this film is NOT a sci-fi movie about hackers.  This movie IS a call for VIOLENT MARXIST revolution.  This is not a joke.  Please think about what it means when they say that &quot;reality is what  we make.&quot;  Please ponder what they are saying when Morpheous says that  &quot;..if they are not for us, they are against us...&quot; then they  massacre security guards.  Please understand what it really means when Neo  chooses the RED pill.  I am not joking.  If you don't believe me, email me,  or read the &quot;Manifesto of the Communist Party&quot; by Karl Marx  yourself.  See this film for what it is, and think about the irony of  millions of people enjoying it.
0783222734|5.0|WOW IS ALL I CAN SAY CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT ALL OF THE DINOS LOOKED REAL. WHEN I WAS A LITTLE BOY OHHHHHHH......ABOUT 4-5 YEARS I SAW IT AND DID THINK IT WAS REAL. I WENT TO BED AND STARTED SEEING RAPTERS. I JUST  LOVED IT AND THE HUMOR WAS A GOOD ADD-ON. YOU DID IT AGAIN STEVE.
6305335745|4.0|Stephen King has made a very good movie.when i bought it i thought there was supposed to be a creep.but there was not.that scared me.If it's called a creepshow there should atleast be a creep.there was a creep but not a  very good one.CreepShow 2 was alot better at the creep part than the first  movie CreepShow.
6302814782|5.0|If you are into those steriotypical vampire movies with flying violence, this movie is right for you. Even if you are totally against the steriotypicalness of it all, as I am, this is still and excellent movie!
6303422020|5.0|I went to Block Buster and found CreepShow 2.I went home and i wanted to watch it so i did i watched it about 5 times,Finnaly they made a CreepShow that has the creep!
1573226521|5.0|I sat down with this book, and I did not - could not - get up until I'd finished.  After five hours I was exhausted . . . but that really isn't the point.  It's absolutely fantastic.  Brilliant.  Absorbing.
0061053147|5.0|Although this book was written many years after the film was made, the author did spend time on the set during the film's original production. Combine that with the fact that he has done many interviews with members of the cast and crew, and this book is *the* authority on the intricate and  meticulous production details of Blade Runner.<br /><br />If such details interest  you, then this book is well worth reading - one of the best.
6300213668|5.0|I don't know that I can put into words just how much I adore this film.  I've seen it more than any other, I've got soundtrack on vinyl, tape, and cd.  The music, the story, the cast, it all just came together for this  movie, which recently celebrated a 20th anniversary.  John Travolta, Olivia  Newton-John, Stockard Channing and the rest of the cast have the moves, and  the voices to keep this movie in high gear all the way through.  One of, if  not the last great musical ever made.  You have to see it to truly  appreciate it.
B000007T1M|4.0|Hey I just want to say when I hear a song that I like a little I usually  download some mp3s from the band. I heard &quot;Sugar&quot; on the radio  and I thought it had an interesting sound to it. It was like really heavy  punk rock. I decided to get a couple songs off the internet. Sugar is not  even in the top half of the songs on the album and in my opinion neither is  Spiders. They may not be the most talented band in the world but they sure  as hell make you want to get up and just jump around. You can't sit down  and listen to this album. Music great, lyrics ok, talent ok, originality  pretty good. Get the album.
6304675348|5.0|I can hate Kevin Williamson for Dawson's Creek, but I have to love him for Scream.  He managed to blend edge of your seat, nail biting horror with the tongue in cheek attitude of &quot;Buffy The Vampire Slayer.&quot;  Scream  is a new twist on the horror genre, which involves two teenagers trying to  imitate their favorite movies.  They slice, they dice, and they crack you  up.  The film centers around Sidney Prescott(Neve Campbell)an average run  of the mill highschool student that lives in an average run of the mill  suburban town and has an average run of the mill boyfriend(Skeet Ulrich).   Only last year, Sidney's mother was brutually murdered, and with the  anniversary of her death approaching, more people are turning up dead.  My  hat goes off to Wes Craven and Kevin Williamson, you've got me hooked boys.
B000000WF0|5.0|In a world where a no name band can come along and release a radio friendly song and strike it rich, it's nice to hear a band such as The Verve putting out beautiful, complex and MUSICAL songs. Starting off with  Bittersweet Symphony (one of my least favourite tracks on the album) and  flowing into Sonnet, the album really is something special. Nick McCabe  accents the beautiful orchestras and Richard Ashcroft's vocals in such a  perfect way too. Witness The Drugs Don't Work. Stunning. Absolutely  Stunning. Although they've broken up now, the Verve will always remain  truly special in the hearts of their fans.
B0000026WD|5.0|This is definitely an album worth listening to. Some of the best tracks ever from the king of pop, and the best rhythms I've ever heard. You have got to hear this!
6305364613|5.0|Great gun fights, and the guns are just cool!
0006531407|5.0|For most people living in urban area, you may not have any chance to practice the survival skills described in this guide.  However, the knowledge (e.g. how to prepare your trip, how to look for water/food in the wild, how to find shelter) may save your live in adverse situation.<br />Thus,  I recommend this book to everyone, especially frequent travellers.
1573225517|5.0|Nick's one of the best, most sneaky writers I know.  Well, I don't actually know him, but I know a friend who...okay, I don't actually know anyone who knows him, but he signed my presentation copy of High Fidelity. So, okay, it's actually the library's copy, but he's definitely on my  top-ten, all-time best writers list of the nineties...     Nick Hornby writes  romances.  Sure, they're guy romances, which means there's a lot of duck  and cover, much waffling, and many reorganizations of CD collections.  But  the bed-swapping is desultry and the typical masculine evasions are  half-hearted, because Hornby's men are all in their mid-thirties and are  beginning to experience the nagging heebie-jeebies, a sort of group angst.   What if, they think, to paraphrase Gregory Corso, what if I'm sixty years  old and all alone, with pee-stains on my underwear?  What if I'm merely  ordinary?  What if I'm not...special?  What if I'm going to die?     Nick  Hornby's men have virtually no moorings.  They simply await the opinion of others.  They're like helium balloons,  their strings digging annoyingly into the palms of the women and children  who stubbornly hold onto them.  Inevitably, these people want to let them  go.  And when they do, Hornby's antiheroes are terrified--of dissipation,  of annihilation, of being alone.  Without the defining weight of family,  these men suspect they'd be merely ciphers.  They'd be right, but they'd  also be wrong, and this is what makes Hornby's books so quietly beautiful.      Rob Flemming doesn't have a life, he has a list.  He's the spectator on the  sidelines, keeping his options open, scorecard in hand, calculating up  averages.  The results are mixed:  he can quote you the entire Stax  catalogue, but he can't really tell you why Laura, his lover, is moving  out.  True, yes, there was that affair and a baby and an abortion,  but...but....      Well, Rob suspects he's really a nasty wretch of a  slimeball, and to prove it to himself, he begins revisiting all the  disasterous lost-loves of his Pre-Laura days (in chronological order, of  course).  He has a half-hearted affair with a real recording artist, and   suitably thrilled to discover HER ex is a well-known American musician  (\\"Steve\\";, but he's not going to name-drop).     Not a lot happens in  a Hornby book, but the flow is so effortless, so peppered with trenchant  growthfulness, so well written and sardonic, and so damn funny, that you  don't much care.  This is partly due to Nick Hornby's talent for dialogue,  which he writes with the same flawless ear as fellow Britons Nina Bowden  and Barbara Pym.  At one point in the book, when Laura is haranguing Rob on  his failings, she says, \\"You just...you just don't do  anything.  You get lost in your head, and you sit around thinking instead  of just getting on with something, and most of the time you think rubbish.   You always seem to miss what's really happening.\\" To which he replies,  \\"This is the second Simply Red song on this tape.  One's unforgivable.   Two's a war crime.  Can I fast-forward?\\"     Buy this book, read it the  first time for the humor, which will have you on the floor.  Read it again,  for it's poignancy.  And if you see Rob, give him a hug for me.  He's not  such a bad lot after all.
0679410503|4.0|I have read all of her books and found the Vampire Chronicles to be her very best work.  I had a hard time setting them down and wish there were more to read.  I urge everyone to give them a try.  Most definitely better  than the movie!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Every time a new version of Aliens is released, I debate whether or not to purchase it. Is the marginal return worth it, I ask. Each time I end up buying and each time I am satisfied. This time the most.<br />I was told the  extra footage is essential to understanding the movie. Although this is one  of my favorite movies, I had always had a problem with Ripley's  relationship with Newt; it was unbelievable. I always thought: why would  she go back to save her-it just didn't seem right, or real. But with the  extra footage, when you see her grieve over her lost daughter, the  relationship not only becomes believable, but it becomes inconceivable that  Ripley would ever abandon Newt (her new daughter). There is also extra  footage that better links Burke to the Station's initial demise. <br />If you  are even considering buying this movie--do it, it's worth it.
0192833634|3.0|How wonderful to live in a small town in Asia!  And how wonderful to belong to a small sect, and to spend much of my life performing two-thousand-year-old rituals!<br />What has all of this to do with Mansfield  Park?  Very little.  But it has a lot to do with the modern criticisms of  Mansfield Park.<br />People living in the First World, especially in the  United States, often forget that there are societies and ways of thinking  different from their own.  They forget to the extent that they can no  longer even imagine such a possibility.<br />In the Western world today, moral  absolutism is treated with suspicion, and as something dirty.  Maybe  rightly, maybe not.  But there's no point in reading every novel as if the  author shared your point of view, and then staring in bewilderment when you  thus find contradictions in it.<br />Fanny Price is morally perfect.  She is  modest, truthful, and certain of nothing but the difference between right  and wrong.  She is &quot;a loathsome little priss&quot;.  So how could Jane  Austen have made her her heroine?  And if she decided to create a revolting  heroine, why didn't she express her opinion of her, as she frequently does  in her novels?  Did Jane Austen like prissy little Fanny?  This is the  question which is really bothering the critics.  Well, maybe she  did.<br />Maybe Jane Austen herself believed in moral absolutes.  There's  nothing in her letters or novels to make me think that this is impossible.  'But how could an intelligent, sensitive woman think like that?'  Why not?  I've spent my life studying moral philosophy, and have not yet seen a  logical proof for the impossibility of moral absolutes.<br />It would be  unusual for an intelligent, sensitive woman who grew up in  Twentieth-Century America to believe in such things.  Intelligent people in  the United States today are taught to look at many sides of moral issues.  But Jane Austen didn't grow up in the United States today.  She grew up in  a familyoutwardly very similar to the Bertrams, in a town much like  theirs.  It is not even clear that Jane Austen herself placed a high value  on deep thought and fine moral distinctions.  The fact that she enjoyed  using them herself is neither here nor there.  She may have liked and  admired Fanny Price.<br />I like and admire Fanny Price, too.  (According to  hearsay adduced by Claire Tomalin, so did Cassandra Austen.  Tomalin also  quotes some words of Jane Austen which point in the same direction, but I  don't know the source.)  I wouldn't like to have Fanny Price around,  because I wouldn't want my every move supervised by the morals-police.  But  at a great distance, as a character in a novel, I like her.  Because I can  imagine a different world, where absolute goodness is absolutely good.<br />I  have no problem with Jane Austen's attitude toward Fanny Price.  It's quite  possible that Jane Austen could also imagine absolute good.  It would be  strange if an associate professor from Palo Alto thought in such terms.  But Miss Austen wasn't an associate professor from Palo Alto.  She was a  clergyman's daughter from Hampshire.  And she is allowed to think  differently from the associate professor.  Or from me.<br />Like many of the  critics, I'm not too fond of Mansfield Park.  Without Miss Austen's  habitual biting wit, her view of society is oppressive.  And I can't make  any sense of the business with the theatricals.  Which annoys me.<br />But I  have no complaints against Fanny Price.
B00000JPH5|5.0|What can I say? I first fell under Henson/Lucas/Bowie's spell several years ago when I caught it on the Disney Channel... Many people mention Connely and Bowie but what I applaud the most is the scenery and the  imagination turned reality atmosphere. It gets somewhat sluggish in areas  but soon snaps your attention at another turn! This is one Labyrinth I  wouldn't like to find the way out of!
B00003CX7K|5.0|This movie is good! A lot better than the first one! I lovedit! This movie is not only for kids. Adults would LOVE it. At least mydad did.
630575067X|3.0|The movie was okay, but there seemed to be something missing in the plot.  I don't really know what it is, but you could really tell that something was missing.  I think that a little bit of CGI is fine, but this was  completely overdone.  There was also a plot hole.  Obi wan said that Yoda  was his instructer in &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;, but in this  film, he said that Qui-Gon was his instructor...that could really throw  people off.  Otherwise this story was okay, but there seemed to be no real  main idea in this movie.  3 stars out of 5
0767836324|4.0|Steven Spielberg's &quot;Hook&quot;, and like so many of his other films, contains so much magic, and unforgettable scenes,characters, and moments, it is overwhelming. This film is one of the most visionary and magical ones  i think i have ever seen. Steven Spielberg is truly a genius. If you are a  fan of his movies, or you just want to be whisped away to a world away from  the one you live in, then you must buy this film. It is a must.
B000007MVL|3.0|Listening to Kate Bush for the first time can be a puzzling experience. Her voice(s) is novel. She can be a child (In Search Of Peter Pan), a seductress (In The Warm Room) or a demon (Hammer Horror). On some  compositions, she introduces several of these Kate voice-characters  simultaneously (Kashka From Baghdad). Kate's music is also unorthodox. You  can attempt to fit her efforts into the conventional genres of pop, rock,  easy listening or adult, but the match is poor. Like all of Kate's work,  Lionheart can be a bit tough to swallow. The problem is not talent (Kate  has as much talent as the Top-10 artists combined) - the problem is  perspective. Although the origin of Kate's work is the piano-based  narrative (Lionheart), her presentations resemble compositions for stage  (Wow, Coffee Homeground, Hammer Horror), not popular radio. I'm not saving  that appreciating Lionheart requires abandoning your musical paradigm, just  stretching it a bit. So why rave about Lionheart, then give it only  3-stars? My standards are high.
0671510991|4.0|The book itself gives you the opportunity to relive the history of the worlds pollitical balance of the twentieth century. It can be considered a prime source of information because Kissinger was an important character during Cold War negotiations for the United States. It is really worth it  because of the way its written. However, I believe many of his opinions  are not very impartial. That diminishes its value as an objective and  historical study.    I recommend that anyone whos planning to read it gets  to know some history before in order to understand him completely.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is, without a dought, is a well writen science-fiction movie, with it's freaky sounds and great speacial effects, it's guaranteed to nock your socks off. It's about Neo (Keanu Reeves) a computer junkie who  computer startes talking to him. He gets &quot;freed&quot; and is  introduced to the &quot;Real World.&quot; He realizes that he is &quot;the  One,&quot; and he has to fight these supernatural &quot;Agents&quot; that  he is suposed to be afraid of. Overall the is a fantastic movie!
B000003TA4|5.0|Oh, bollocks! I know I'd come to the point with my reviews I'd HAVE to review this one also, so here it goes: &quot;Nevermind&quot; has been on practicly every TOP 100 Rock-album charts after it's release in 1991. And  when you listen to it through you will find out why. Kurt Cobain was not  the  straightest kind of lyrics-writer, and the meaning of his texts may  occasionally strike as hard-to-find. But still, despite the restlessness of  the lyrics, he managed to capture the feelings that teenagers were are  going through. But the importance of this album lays as much on the  catchy-but-clever melodies. Kurt Cobain's vocals match perfectly with the  music, Krist Novoselic's bass brings the deepness into their rage, and Dave  Grohl's pattering drums make the music sound you've being attacked by a  huge vawe of rock'n'roll noise. This album shows that Nirvana was equally  as taleted with the lighter, more sensitive tracks than with the  hardrockmonsters they becam famous from. So this album is by all means a  way more than just teh hit rack The Sm... oh, you know what!  actually, it  is not even the best track on the album. If you don't believe me, just  listen to Polly, Come As You Are of Something In The Way. Actually every  track on this album should be a rock'n'roll classic. Nirvana's success may  have got into a whole new levle after Cobain died, but it sure as hell  didn't originally cause from that. Just listen to this release and you'll  agree.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Say what you will about the quality of movies nowadays,this movie makes up for movies like &quot;Mission to Mars&quot; or any Chuck Norris movie.  I was a little leery about seeing this movie. I was afraid I had been  overexposed to action movies and special effects.  I was worried that a  movie without asteroids or dinosaurs wouldn't keep my attention. Worst of  all I was afraid it was a chick flick. I was so impressed with the quality  of this movie I don't know where to begin. To me the movie was a journey  for Lester, he was unhappy with his life and didn't know how he had come to  be so. The ending was known right from the start, but you hoped it still  wouldn't come because you liked Lester, and by the end you wanted him to be  happy. Unfortunately, for him the first moment in his life he knew who he  was and seemed truley happy was his last. The look on his face during the  last scene is what made him a lock for the oscar as far as I am concerned.  It reminded me of Jack Nicholson in &quot;One flew over the cuckoo's  nest&quot; American Beauty is a great  movie. If you didn't think so thats  okay. I respect that.
0553573403|5.0|This is a meticulous epic of nobles, knights, kings, and traitors set to a very subtle fantasy backdrop, which pulls you in deeper with every page.  A Game of Thrones is quite easily the best single fantasy novel I've ever read- and there have been many.  So it stands to reason that you just might  enjoy it yourself!<br />I've never seen an author so consistently brilliant  as Martin has been in these 835 pages. This is no fluke. After just this  one book, I am positive that he is one of the top three talents in the  Fantasy genre.  Tolkien... Jordan...  Hobbs... Watch out for George R. R.  Martin- He has his eyes on the throne!<br />-There are some who feel this  story has too many main characters. That it is too confusing. Any veteran  of Jordan will take to GoT like a duck to water. In fact, pick out your  favorite Wheel of Time book... This destroys it.<br />-Want more? Heard of  that short story collection called \\"Legends\\" featuring all the modern  masters of fantasy? Do NOT miss Martin's \\"The Hedge Knight\\" -It's Dynamite!
B0000027I6|5.0|This album gives us a rare and shattering experience of seeing the reality of the Evil that is hidden behind a respectable facade of our human nature. This great achievement is worth hundreds of albums, books and movies in  terms of intellectual and musical value. This powerful album is NOT an  entertainment and only suitable for mature people who is capable of  abstract thinking. It possesses rare psychological depths and penetrates to  the core of the flawed human nature.  How can we rescue ourselves from  ourselves? When learning our true selves, don't we all enter the abyss  \\"deeper than hell itself\\"? After all, the highest and lowest both come from  the depth of the soul...   Buy this album and listen to the dry and sometimes  dark humor of this wise Brit in search for answers.  It's worth it.
0060925000|5.0|This is my favourite book of all time.  It took me so long to read it and by the end I couldn't believe it was over.  I just wanted it to never end.  This book is enriching in so many ways.  The characters are so true, Vikram Seth is brilliant in putting life into words.  I also learnt about India -  a country I knew very little about.  I now have a fascination with the  country.  I still regret that the book ended - absolutely brilliant.  Maybe  in ten years or more I will read it again and love it all over again.
B000000OAN|5.0|This album really speaks for itself, but I will say this..... If you love  Queen or classic rock in general and haven't listened to this recording,  GET IT!!!!!
0553213105|5.0|jane austen has been my favorite author since i was required to read pride and prejudice in high school.  her character development of the bennett family as well as the darcys and other characters is phenomenal.  the tension between elizabeth and darcy drives the story forward and there are  so many subplots inerwoven within the story that the reader will never be  bored.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love the songs. I love the lyrics. I espicially like howthey're not like the other bands copies of BSB.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I loved this cd because it was different. It wasn't like those other bands  all carbon copies of each other. They have their own style, they can sing  about love, broken hearts. But why I really love em is cause  they have  more to em exept love, they have life. Like in the &quot;animal song&quot;  they sing about escaping , which everyone can relate too. That's why they  are so cool.
0788816454|5.0|If you want a movie to get you pumped for the football season, this would be it.  Not only does it include big hits, but comical scenes as well.
B00000BKDX|5.0|Of all the albums a remember from 1985, this is always the first one that comes to mind. It sounds as fresh today as it did then. It will never go out of style. After not listening to Iron Maiden for years, I listened to  this album, and fell in love with them again. Check out &quot;Phantom of  the Opera&quot; I think it's better then the original. Bruce Dickinson's  vocals are at his best here. This is the one album, I think, that truly  captures there live energy. A must for &quot;any&quot; metal fan. Long live  Bruce Dickinson and Iron Maiden.
B00000IPAX|4.0|From Whats My Age Again to Adam's song this cd is awesome. Blink 182 really holds a depth of music. The punk rockers really surprised me. This is my second review for this cd. I first didn't like it because of the  cussing, but to tell you the truth, i don't really care now. These guys are  hilarious and this cd holds a number of good songs. Get it if you like punk  rock or alternative rock. BUY IT!
B00000JXV7|3.0|I usually like movies that Sandra Bullock is in but this movie was not in my taste of movies. I say if you really want to see this movie then see it.
0790729628|3.0|Blade Runner: The Director's Cut has it's share of problems. Scott took a scene from Legend of a unicorn and inserted it into a dream sequence for Dekkard. Nevermind the fact that the scene looks forced and doesn't really  fit into where he choose to put it, it does add a little to the film. I  like the 'happy ending' sequence removed. What I don't like is Ford's  missing narration. Big mistake. Scott claims that he didn;t originally want  it in there, than why do some scenes linger on for no reason. I on an old  copy on VHS (ack) that has the narration and it makes the story flow  better. But the real crime here is that for the DVD, they easi;y could have  added it as a seperate track and than given us the choice as to what we  want. <br />Blade Runner is a great movie, the original cut that is. If they  would combine the elemnts of the Director's Cut with the narration from the  original, it would be awesome. And apparently they think so since a new  version of Blade Runner is currently in production for a DVD re-release.  Let's see if they get it right.
B0000047CW|5.0|This is where it all started in 1962. &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is in fact mostly &quot;Jazz Bossa Nova&quot;. The new style was created in the late  50's in the night clubs of Rio's Bottles Lane and was different from samba.  It had that broken, less percussive beat, used strong and simple melodies  and sang in well crafted, poetic lyrics.  It was also cool, and so it  appealed to American jazz musicians tired of highly strung bop.  Further  South, composers like Jobim and singers like Gilberto were looking for new  forms and listened to a lot of jazz.  Bang! The fusion resulted in that  marvelous, bitter-sweet music. Those who, like myself, listened to it in  the 60's, will always believe it's the soundtrack of their lives...
0060977493|5.0|This book is written in lush prose, and weaves an intricate and complicated tale of childhood.  The puzzle pieces are fit together one by one, but not in order, which kept me engaged.  At the end, I wanted to go back to the beginning and read it all over again, but ultimately I couldn't  bring myself to do it because the book was too depressing to read twice.
B00004BZ16|5.0|Sandinista! is the Clash's masterpiece; a spiraling, sprawling, relentlessly urgent journey through Western and South American music. This is true &quot;world&quot; music; Sandinista! is a global celebration of  rebellion and Rock 'n'Roll.  Everything about this album is perfect - the  sexy bass by Paul and the wonderful lyrics by Joe Strummer are especially  kickin'. Sandinista! defies all categories- it exsists in a world of it's  own.  Imagine you are on a desert island with a cheap radio that only gets  one station.  But that station plays some of the best music from the early  80's...that is Sandinista!  Forget London Calling, Combat Rock, etc, etc -  they are all cool albums but Sandinista! overcomes them all.
B000002NBY|5.0|This Album of Paul Simon remembers me indid my childhood in Kalundu Lusaka Zambia where I grew up with my Dad playing his record every Saturday after Lunch and we would sing along and dance....
6305307261|5.0|This is the film that changed the way I look at cinema. It is a work of art Herzog has done his best to make every camera shot a work of art. You could freeze each scene and just stare at the splendor. In additon, of  course, we have some great acting and a much better Dracula story that I  have not seen elsewhere. Whereas Coppola created a misunderstood (and  pathetic) Dracula, Herzog created a creature of evil longing for love. But  when his desire is rebutted, instead of crying he acts out in anger, taking  everything away from poor Lucy until she is left with no choice. A more  realistic version of Dracula, if you will. This is the way movies should  be. Also to note is a great DVD extra, a behnd the scenes making of the  film with Herzog himself, great stuff.
6305807086|4.0|I think John Cusack said it best when he said, &quot;This is a screenplay that no one could have written, thinking it would ever be made&quot;.  It's that original and off-beat.  I'm so glad it was also successful since it  may open doors to some other off-the-wall ideas that might not seem  commercial enough otherwise.  This movie is very well-acted the whole way  through and the plot is so fresh, you find yourself wondering how anyone  ever thought of it in the first place.  Cheers to the brave cast who took  all this on and to writer Charlie Kaufmann whose unique vision deserves  more recognition.  The film lost a bit of steam for me by the end but it's  never boring and the first half-hour is as funny and startling as anything  I've ever seen.
0064471837|1.0|I read a lot, about a book every two or three days. I've read so many books that I can't count, and eighty percent of them were better than Sabriel by Garth Nix. The book had a great beginning, then it totally fizzled out. Nothing interesting happened for so long! I kept reading and  the book got even more boring and monotonous. The end was very good, but it  didn't make up for all the time that was lost in between the middle and the  end. While Sabriel was traveling all over, nothing was happening except  that she was on a boat and was going somewhere. No events really jumped out  at you or drew the reader in.  I guess that I'm not on the same planet as  the rest of the people who read this book, but I didn't like it at all. I  like fantasy, I have nothing against it, but this was one of the weaker  fantasies that I have read.
0783240503|5.0|Anyone who has seen, listened to or even heard of this musical should buy this video. The performances by all of the cast are excellent especially Donny Osmond and Maria Friedman.  It is a funny, intelligent and  heartwarming musical. It will make you laugh and cry - but most of all, it  will leave you singing the fabulous songs over and over again. A must have  for any musical fan!
B000003TA4|5.0|I have been an Nirvana fan for about a year and own all their albums, and am probably the biggest Nirvana fan.  This was the first of their abulms I  got.  When I got it home it never came out of the CD player for about a  month.  I listend to it over and over again.  Smells Like Teen Spirit is  probably their most famous song, and it is probably the only one that  people remember. The way that Kurt writes his songs is marvelous, he can  contrast between happy and depressing.  The places that he gets his  inspiration from to write his songs can seem a little bizare.  For example,  Smells Like Teen Spirt was inspired by a womens purfume called Teen Spirit,  and Heart Shaped Box was written about a shell coverd box in the shape of a  heart that he sent to Courtney Love shortly after they met. If you have  already read this review and looked at the reviews for the other Nirvana  albums and are wondering why I have not reviewed them if I'm such a big  fan, well it's because it would be pointless to review them all because  there is nothing else to say.  Nirvana was simply the best group ever and  all their albums are excellent.  Although I don't think that Incesticide is  their best album so I probably wouldn't bother getting it, but trust me  that all the others ARE worth getting.   So what are you waiting for, order  them now!
B00003Q438|5.0|The movie itself, the special edition version, is great. It adds 20 minutes worth of footage that adds three things to the movie:<br />1) Better character development. Little scenes here and there where we get a better  feeling for how these oil rig workers care for each other, and a better  understanding of Brigman's feelings for his ex-wife.<br />2) Added footage of  the international incident that the crew of deepcore find themselves  embroiled in.<br />3) The most important and involved, better understanding of  who the underwater creatures are and the power that they yield. A much  better climax ensues because of the footage being restored.<br />Understand  that this great DVD gives you both the original version and the special  edition version. It is interesting to whatch the shorter version to see how  careful Cameron had to be when he edited out the whole internation crisis  plotline. The movie, of course, feels like something is missing. That  something now restored in the Special edition. And as a bonus, the second  disc has three mini-games, script, documentary and other features both DVD  wise and DVDRom wise. <br />No bones about it, this is worthy of a Criterion  Edition (thhough it isn't) and I am glad to see companies taking care in  releasing good movies with good DVD extras.
B000000OTU|4.0|I have a suggestion. Want to get started with an Aerosmith collection? Buy  &quot;Greatest Hits,&quot; &quot;Gems,&quot; &quot;Nine Lives&quot; . . .  and &quot;Big Ones.&quot;<br />&quot;Big Ones&quot; chronicles Aerosmith's  late '80s/early '90s stuff. It starts out with &quot;Walk On Water,&quot;  an unreleased recording, before moving into the double-entendre laden  &quot;Love In an Elevator&quot;. Next comes &quot;Rag Doll,&quot; followed  by the mournful/catchy ballad &quot;What It Takes&quot; and the extremely  catchy &quot;Dude (Looks Like A Lady)&quot;. Next up is &quot;Janie's Got A  Gun,&quot; the band's best attempt at social commentary. From this great,  haunting tune we move on to the decidedly whiny &quot;Cryin',&quot; which  IS one of the weaker tracks on the album. Next comes &quot;Amazing,&quot;  which is, true to its title, a great tune. It's a power ballad with a GREAT  long guitar outro. Following &quot;Amazing&quot; is &quot;Blind Man,&quot;  the second new tune, decent. After the mediocre &quot;Deuces Are  Wild,&quot; we get the catchy &quot;The Other Side&quot;. Next is  &quot;Crazy,&quot; one of the other weak tracks on the album. It's decent,  but a little too... I dunno. Next comes &quot;Eat The Rich,&quot; a great  (and humorous) anthem, and yes, it's complete with the loud burp at the  end. Next, the mediocre &quot;Angel,&quot; and the album exits with a bang  with the band's second-best attempt at social commentary, &quot;Livin' On  the Edge.&quot;<br />I rated this album at four stars. It's not entirely  accurate, because I don't know HOW to rate it. The good songs are really,  really good (&quot;Janie&quot; and &quot;Livin'...&quot;), but some of the  songs get stuck in your head in a bad way (&quot;Cryin',&quot;  &quot;Crazy&quot;). Overall, though? Worth it, if not for &quot;Janie's Got  A Gun,&quot; &quot;Amazing,&quot;, &quot;Livin' On the Edge,&quot; and  &quot;Eat the Rich.&quot;
6305750750|2.0|I'll only bother mentioning the special effects because that's all that people debate about.  Everyone acknowledges that the plot stunk.  <br />The computer generated people just didn't look real.  Maybe compared to  computer games but anyone who has been outside and seen real things knows  that something is wrong.  <br />What's wrong with using costumes like they did  in the good Star War movies?  I'd rather see a cantina full of costumes and  Muppets than an arena full of cartoons.  <br />I'm optimistic that the next  one will be better.  PLEASE don't animate the wookiees.
B00004NRWH|5.0|nickelback is absolutly awesome.  All the songs on this cd are good.  They are not the same, each song has its own beat and rythem to it.  I heard  'leader of men ' on the radio and went and got the cd the next day to find  out that all of the songs were awesome.  in my opinion they are better than  creed and when this band gets some publicity they will go to the top
0425170349|5.0|This is probably one of Clancy's best books.  Right from the hijack on the plane at the start of the book you're hooked.  When I read this I could not put it down and sat reading it for hours.  This book is very thick and some might find that offputting, but don't let it descourage you from a  perfectly good read.
B00000K19E|5.0|We all know how good the Matrix is. What we need to center on here is what The Matrix DVD is. If anyone wonders why they should get a DVD player, this is the one to show them. Besides a crisp picture and great sounds, The  Matrix DVD comes with one of the most comprehensive DVD extra's I have ever  seen. Besides the commentaries, we have a few behind the scene  documentaries. We have mini-games to play (I love the addictiveness of the  little shoot-ep-up. It's like a level from an old arcade game).But the best  is the Follow the White Rabbit feature. You play the movie through this  option and whenever you see the white rabbit pop on screen, you press your  menu button where you are whisked away to a behind the scenes featurette  where they show you how they did the scene. When it ends you are plopped  right back into the movie from where you left off. Great for a soecial  effects mobie like this where you scratch your head and say &quot;How'd  they do that?&quot; There is no magician's secrets here, they are all too  happy to show you. Excellent DVD.
B000000OTU|4.0|I have a suggestion. Want to get started with an Aerosmith collection? Buy  &quot;Greatest Hits,&quot; &quot;Gems,&quot; &quot;Nine Lives&quot; . . .  and &quot;Big Ones.&quot;<br />&quot;Big Ones&quot; chronicles Aerosmith's  late '80s/early '90s stuff. It starts out with &quot;Walk On Water,&quot;  an unreleased recording, before moving into the double-entendre laden  &quot;Love In an Elevator&quot;. Next comes &quot;Rag Doll,&quot; followed  by the mournful/catchy ballad &quot;What It Takes&quot; and the extremely  catchy &quot;Dude (Looks Like A Lady)&quot;. Next up is &quot;Janie's Got A  Gun,&quot; the band's best attempt at social commentary. From this great,  haunting tune we move on to the decidedly whiny &quot;Cryin',&quot; which  IS one of the weaker tracks on the album. Next comes &quot;Amazing,&quot;  which is, true to its title, a great tune. It's a power ballad with a GREAT  long guitar outro. Following &quot;Amazing&quot; is &quot;Blind Man,&quot;  the second new tune, decent. After the mediocre &quot;Deuces Are  Wild,&quot; we get the catchy &quot;The Other Side&quot;. Next is  &quot;Crazy,&quot; one of the other weak tracks on the album. It's decent,  but a little too... I dunno. Next comes &quot;Eat The Rich,&quot; a great  (and humorous) anthem, and yes, it's complete with the loud burp at the  end. Next, the mediocre &quot;Angel,&quot; and the album exits with a bang  with the band's second-best attempt at social commentary, &quot;Livin' On  the Edge.&quot;<br />I rated this album at four stars. It's not entirely  accurate, because I don't know HOW to rate it. The good songs are really,  really good (&quot;Janie&quot; and &quot;Livin'...&quot;), but some of the  songs get stuck in your head in a bad way (&quot;Cryin',&quot;  &quot;Crazy&quot;). Overall, though? Worth it, if not for &quot;Janie's Got  A Gun,&quot; &quot;Amazing,&quot;, &quot;Livin' On the Edge,&quot; and  &quot;Eat the Rich.&quot;
630349255X|5.0|Writing comments about Baraka is hard.  After viewing it, I reverently handled the video cassette like a sacred object (with a new depth of mystical feeling I never knew in church).  50,000 dormant brain cells were  lit up by this landmark of cinematic art.  A priceless epic poem, this film  will be treasured for centuries to come.  The awesome meanings of Baraka  are best discovered by individual viewers, so I will simply mention some  technical matters to help interested buyers.<br />I have the VHS version.  It  is not letterboxed.  It looks perfectly clear on a 30&quot; and 13&quot; tv  screen, even in wide-angle shots.  The original print was very clean.   Sound was excellent, but there was some distortion in a few places (sudden  drumbeats and one choral crescendo).  Some have raised concerns about the  &quot;new agey&quot; music, but I found it excellent.  The music, images,  and editing achieved stunning unity.
6304806442|4.0|Based on a novel by Irving Welsh, this film focusses on the adventures of a small band of friends united by their dependency on heroin. They have good times and bad times and eventually, they set out on a scheme to make  them all rich.<br />The characters are, in no way, every day people but the  film makes them all believable and, in the end the viewer finds that they  are relating to the characters and caring about the outcome. Despite the  hysteria that greeted this film in the UK's conservative press, in no way  does it glorify the use of heroin. Instead it paints a pretty offputting  picture of the drug.<br />The film ranges from sad to funny and it is always  gripping. A great film.
B000002UAO|5.0|I just love the Beatles. Rubber Soul is a genius album. I'm just sorry I  missed out on it. I was born 19 years after it's release. It's so much fun  to listen to. Next to the White Album, Sgt. Pepper, and Abbey Road, this  album should be ranked at number 2!! Gotta love it. I'd like to thank you  on behalf of the group and I hope we passed the audition.
6300270424|5.0|This is the best music you can buy on video. Not only because it is LED ZEPPELiN but it is the best Zep you can find. They show that they are the definition of Rock 'n Roll. They are the worlds primier heavy metal band.  This video includes the best rock song of all time-stairway to heaven. They  are the best, why just listen to Jimmy Page as he electrifies audiences  with is supernatural guitar playing skill. John Bonham was the best drummer  ever, his melodies go great with John Paul Jones' bass &amp; organ playing  to form a band within a band. Then Robert Plant comes with one of the best  rock voices ever, not to mention exelent on stage presentation. If you love  music at all, Led Zeppelin is the band for you. Nothing else compares, not  even Hendrix
B00001NFCY|5.0|Ahh.  Creed's CD's (only two so far, and various soundtracks they have contributed to) have never left my stereo.  My absolute favourite band (I am quite biased here)  However, I must say that My Own Prison is better.   It is good angst music for someone my age.  Very poetic, very soulful, most  everyone has dealt with the albums' themes: betrayal, aging(not me yet;),  and joy (I swear it's there.) If you like modern rock, you'll like this.   (if anything, for the music.  The vocals are great too..Scott Stapp is  great ^-^)
0790733897|5.0|Steve McQueen is wonderful in this movie.  It has drama, tremendous excitement, and the coolest anti-hero in movie history: Frank Bullitt.  I will admit the plot is never clearly explained, but the story is so  entertaining you forget about it.  Too bad McQueen never made a sequel to  &quot;Bullitt&quot;.
B000001FC0|5.0|Granted - I do have great emotional ties to this CD but it is by far their best CD.  Classics like 'Everybody wants to rule the world' and 'Shout' still give me chills.  I would say this CD is priceless!
0790743132|5.0|To you critcizing this wonderful classic, you must be on ACID. This has got to be one of the best movies since &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot;. The movie looked as if it was filmed today. That was really cool. IGNORE  ADRON'S REVIEW. This movie is worth the money. BUY IT TODAY! YOU WON'T  REGRET IT! ^_^
0783240287|1.0|We bought this DVD for our kids -- but I'm glad we watched it before showing it to them. The movie is a &quot;irreverent&quot; version of the bible story, and the sexual innuendo, not to mention the revealing and  suggestive costumes, makes it unsuitable for kids.
1558908382|5.0|I love Grosse Pointe Blank, I love John Cusack, but I was disappointed that there were no &quot;extra director's cut&quot; information on the DVD.
0780619609|2.0|In short, this film wasn't very good.  What it lacked in cinematography it couldn't make up for, even with its incredible acting and beautiful script.  In addition, the special effects teams and choreographers must have been practicing, because neither of these two areas impressed me.  I don't  suggest seeing this film, but buying it might be fun.
B00000K19E|5.0|This was probably the best movie I've seen in a long time. It gets weird at parts, but its perfectly understandable. The special effects are amazing and the sound is great! I can't wait to see the sequels.
0767836286|5.0|I must say throughout the entire course of this film I thought it was just another Hollywood &quot;thriller&quot; in which there are no real thrills because it follows the same plot as any other film in that genre.  In fact  I almost walked away from the movie in the middle of it but I'm glad I  didn't.  The ending left me stunned and talking about it three days later.
B00000IHHM|5.0|I bought Notre Dame de Paris while in France after my host sister shared her single of &quot;Belle&quot; and &quot;Dechire&quot; with me.  I have since fallen in love with all of the music!  The lyrics are so very  compelling (and much better in French than English)  My family here at home  doesn't speak French and yet they enjoy listening as much as I do and they  hum along while I sing!  For anyone who likes Broadway or Rock or the  French language or any combination of the above, BUY IT!
0783240287|3.0|Unlike most of the reviewers below, I had never seen Joseph prior to viewing this DVD.  While I'm sure I'll watch it enough times to justify the purchase, it didn't quite live up to my expectations.  Andrew Lloyd Webber  fans buying this blind, as I did, may want to rent it first.  The music and  lyrics aren't in the same league as subsequent works by Webber and Tim  Rice.  <br />That said, I did enjoy this production.  Donny Osmond turns in a  great performance in the lead role.  The costumes and sets, while garish,  are in keeping with the tone set by Rice's tongue-in-cheek lyrics.  If you  like DTS, you'll be happy to know this DVD contains both DTS 5.1 and DD 5.1  soundtracks.  There is also a nice making-of documentary among the several  extras.
0451167716|5.0|It is truly the best book I've ever read! It's entertaining, suspense-filled, it has everything! And it is well worth 5+ stars if possible!
B00003OSSL|4.0|Slow paced obvious dreary tripe.  Kristin Scott Thomas is all that keeps it going and she is gorgeous, but her accent needs work.   Harrison rules too.  It's just a dull story. Definitely worth it just for the leads..
B00000269M|5.0|I think Michael is a genius,I love him veery,very, much,yes I adore him. Bad is the BEST album sicne the fantatic,fantastic album THRILLER THE  BIGGEST SELLING ALBUM OF ALL TIME!  Songs like SMOOTH CRIMINAL,MAN IN THE  MIRROR,THE WAY YOU MAKE ME FEEL and last but not least BAD are more than  fantastic what more can i say brilliant!  MICHAEL I LOVE YOU VERY,VERY  MUCH AND I WISH YOU ALL THE BEST AND ALL MY LUCK!  I am also waiting  for the new MICHAL album.
B000009PNY|5.0|Having read the previous reviews, my mind is simply boggled by all the negative feedback from Depeche Mode fans.  I've never been a big DM fan myself, and sought this recording after hearing the *incredible* cut by the  Smashing Pumpkins, which absolutely blew me away the first time I heard it.   I was unfamiliar with some of the bands on this CD, but think every track  is just fantastic.  When I first heard the Rammstein track, I thought  &quot;What the hell is this?&quot; but grew to love it after a few  listenings.  This prompted me to seek a recording of DM doing  &quot;Stripped&quot;, which I found to be incredibly dull and lifeless.   Depeche Mode should feel truly honored by this masterful tribute.
B000023VR6|5.0|What a comeback!! Almost half of the 22 tracks are very good, the others  are ok. You have to admit: Dre has the best beats in the game. I can`t wait  to get the new N.W.A.-album.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Simply put, it's an awesome movie that captures the simple beauty of our world..taking the mundane and making it, well, beautiful.  Awesome cast, great story and directing, can't miss!
6305078564|5.0|I love &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice.&quot;  Colin Firth is wonderful as Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle lights up the screen as Elizabeth Bennett.  Especially delightful was Julia Sawalha's performance as Lydia Bennett.   What a difference from her character, &quot;Saffron,&quot; in another  British show &quot;Absolutely Fabulous.&quot;  This is a must for everyone.
B00000099Y|5.0|I remember when I bought this CD. I had an extra 14 pounds in my pocket, I saw it, and I like the cover. but I didn't think TOOL could get as deep to the spirit, the psychology of humans, the ethics and deepest emotions that  man has ever thought of, such as this album did. After I listened to this  and got the music soaked through my brain to my spirit I noticed almost all  the songs on Aenima had to do with water. Then I got into Maynard's lyrics,  Lachrymology: the science of crying. This isn't an everyday study and  Maynard himself thought of this, that to clean the body of sorrow and pain  is to &quot;flush it away.&quot; To have god's cleanest element in its  purest form to cleanse the soul with god's greatest gift of life, water.   This cd isn't only about water its a message to god, (Eulogy) and a message  to his son (H and Jimmy) its a lifestyle, it has a soul within itself. This  isn't a beligerant album, its a philosophical journey to your life to the  deepest regions on your mind. its an experience, let your soul go, to  discover it again.
0375703764|5.0|I don't get the nasty tone of some of the reveiwers of this book. I loved it. I could not stop reading it. I was totally taken in by the recurring themes, the metaphors, the language, the characters, the mystery, the  bizarreness of the whole thing. The book made me question how I read, what  I read, what text means, what words on the page mean and reflect. It was a  tremendously moving and disturbing read. Don't listen to all the cranky  people who've rated this lower than 4 stars (unless you think you're  getting the next Stephen King novel). Buy this book, think about it, let it  settle in and mess with your mind a little.
B000003S0D|5.0|Your mainstreamer friends will not understand it. The girls will exit the party if you put it on. Your parents will ask if it's that weird be-bop jazz. You the true prog lover will bask in it.  A truly unbelievable fusion  of rock, jazz, and most importantly neo-classical symphonic composition.  Such a shame there was no touring line-up for this record, what a show it  would have been. Despite what anyone says I love Gordon Haskell's singing  (check out his solo material also). Fripp wears the hat of the composer  rather than guitarist mostly on this one, but there are flurries of his  guitar brilliance as well. Mel Collins was the best Crimso reed man ever.  Yes fans should take note of Jon Anderson's guest lead vocal on  &quot;Prince Rupert&quot;. One of the first CD's I ever bought. Upon  hearing the brilliance of this complex work on the digital  format I  proceeded to smash my scratchy vinyl copy  of which I picked up the pieces  for the next year or so.Hearing every nuance of this kind of music is what  makes the digital revolution all worthwhile . It must have taken a dozen  pair of hands to do the mixdown of this album, sax, brass, woodwinds, piano  all pop in and out making it a dream headphone record. This is every bit as  relevant as any work of the classical masters.
B000002C1Z|5.0|this Floyd album is one of my favorites from them.  have flashbacks of the  concert i attended back in 1978 in Wembley everytime i hear DOGS.  (was  totally stoned at the time)
078322804X|5.0|Probably the greatest musical of all time has made its way unto DVD.  This expanded version is excellent, though it was dissappointing to learn that a lot of extra material was destroyed by Universal, this version is first  rate. The making of documentary is extremly informative. A must have for  the true DVD collector!
B00003CWOL|2.0|I have to credit Kevin Smith with two things: having a keen witand an insightful mind.  The idea behind this movie was incredible(like his other films), and really made you think about the thingsthat were force-fed to you as a youngster.  Also, the script is better than Smith's previous efforts, but...  The directing, once again is just awful...  END
0783225849|5.0|Well what is there left to say that has not been said said here already?  This is the first DVD i ever bought and let me say it was no disappointment.  The extras r to die 4 especially the making of  documentary.  It almost an hour and a half long!   A have DVD for any  collection.
B00000IL1K|1.0|Not content with disgracing opera, Brightman has to extend her toxic touch to pop music. Hooverphonic's original version of &quot;Eden&quot; is far more evocative than the showy, sugar-coated mess that is the title track of  this CD.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Bruce Cambells commentary on the special edition DVD is worth the price of this disc alone. He tells with amazing professional accuracy how the film took 4 years to make and the trials and tribulations of the shoot.The 20  minutes of alt. takes and behind the scenes footage is a must see for any  collector of this genre.Forget that other evil dead DVD this is the one to  see.
0767819594|5.0|'Cruel Intentions', among all the other movies based on the same book of literature, has got to be the best. Yes, it is because it had some HOT young stars in (Sarah Michelle Gellar, Reese Witherspoon), and also it was  most wicked out of them. But there could be a moral to 'Cruel  Intentions'....love can overcome all things. Even bratty step-sisters that  doesn't just wanna ride your hot car.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Comparing the R-Rated version to the directors cut is like comparing a butter knife to a steak knife.I first saw this movie as an r-rated rental and loved it.  I immediately knew this movie was going to be the citizen  kane of the nineties.  I mean look at these reviews its either 1 star or 5.   Citizen Kane got the same if not worse reviews when it came out.  The same  can be said for Disney's Fantasia (1940).The directors cut is my absolute  favorite film of all time.  Nothing can compare to this onslaught to the  senses.  The music is incredible and stones drug hazed perception of  society is dead on.Additions to the DVD is obviously the commentary but  wheres the 9 inch nails vid and the introduction to the movie? Anyone  who is as obsessed about the movie as I am I highly recommend a book called  'Killer Instinct' by Producer Jane Hamsher.
0451167716|5.0|I thought the God father would be like the movies were we all knew what would happen at ever minute and ETC... I read it and found that i liked it more than the movie. Lots of explict language, but it is good.
6305311463|5.0|Im not going to read all 843 reviews so i figure &quot;there are many like it but this one is mine.&quot;When I first saw this movie in the theater I hated it.  I still hate it.  Is it possible that u could have so much  action in a movie that it bores u senseless?  Yes it is.Ok now for the DVD  criterion collection I absolutely loved it.  First of all an unrated  directors cut that has a store security sticker that says must be 18 to  purchase.  Well, criterion has never let me down so i got.  The extra  material really make this movie a whole lot better. Not this added footage  in the movie mind you but michael bays commentary is definately a plus.Also  a highlight on this is the gag reel.  Its totally uncensored stuff and its  great.  Theres also a great technical commentary as well as excellent  production making of featuretts.Definately not the greatest movie of all  time but for the person who loves movie making this is the 1 for u.
B00001OH1S|2.0|The song by Sting is good and the piano-based songs near the end are too,  but the CD is only 37 minutes long.  With only half the music, I would hope  it would only be half the price.  The songs at the end are good, but each  is only about two minutes long.  As soon as you get into the song, it's  over.  If you like the music from the movie, but don't feel like spending  this much for so little music, just buy the movie instead (almost the same  price!).  It's what I plan to do.
0783225970|5.0|The only thing negative about this DVD was the packaging.  I bought this in complete faith that the extra material would be killer.  And it it did not disappoint.The making of documentary is completly uncensored and gives  great insight into the making of the movie by depalma, stone, pacino, and  bregman among others who participated in the making of it.  Also, the  outtakes are great to have for any collector.The movie of course is a  classic and not to be missed.
B00000F14B|5.0|This is a great movie, and the best song in it is Marian the Librarian.  Robert Preston plays an unbelievably great role, costarring Shirley Jones.  Ronny Howard was great, and was incredible in The Wells Fargo Wagon.   Ammarilis was miscast, and slightly annoying, but other than that this is  the greatest musical ever made, besides the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
078322608X|5.0|After buying the criterion collection of Brazil i waited no longer to buy 12 monkeys DVD collectors edition.The making of documentary which runs almost 90 minutes is one the best making of a movie accounts I've ever  seen.  The only 2 that i have seen that have surpassed this was hearts of  darkness (the making of apocolypse now) and under pressure (the making of  the abyss).The audio commentary only adds to the genius and madness of  terry gilliam.A true gilliam masterpiece made even better.A must own DVD  for any collector.
0312119038|5.0|Karen Armstrong writes of the tribulations she encountered while a nun in England in the 1960's.  This book is not a hatchet-job or a racy &quot;true confessions&quot; kind of screed.  It is instead a frank, informative, and  searing narrative of how the author felt she could no longer continue her  vocation in the regimented atmosphere of the convent.  I almost felt as if  I was reading Thomas Merton's &quot;Seven Storey Mountain&quot; with a  &quot;Rewind&quot; button pushed.  I highly recommend it.
B00001ODHL|5.0|Those of you who have the special limited edition of Army have been truly blessed.Presented here is an eye opening directors cut (with commentary by cambell and raimi) along with 4 deleted scenes that didnt get put back  in.Also included is the theatrical release (for u studio purists) and  everything that was put on the re-release video.A great movie made even  better.
6304240554|4.0|This is definately the best installment of Romero's brilliant Zombie trilogy and probably the best zombie film full stop.  It is well directed with a brilliant script.  The film is actually fun as well in a bravado,  childish sort of way.   Who hasn't dreamt of having a shopping mall to  themselves (with the exception of a few hundred zombies of course)?   There's plenty of gore of course as is traditional with Romero films and  the movie boasts excellent makeup effects which really make the zombies  terrifying yet entertaining at the same time.  <br />I don't think you could  really class this film as scary (unless gore freaks you out) as it lacks  suspense.  However, it is a movie every horror fan must see and one that  even non-horror advocates will probably find amusing.  Don't worry if you  haven't seen Night of the Living Dead as the movies do not follow on.  So  you've got no excuse, watch it now!
1559408898|5.0|The unrated directors cut of robocop is the reason I bought a dvd player.  When it came out on laserdisc years ago i begged my parents to buy me 1 so i could see it they then looked at the price of the player and the robocop  ld and flipped out. Later i found a book called the cutting room floor and  it eased my pain of not being able to see it.Now i have it on dvd criterion  and i couldnt be more thrilled with it.  Although it doesnt have that much  extra material it does change the feel of the movie.  At the beginning when  the executive gets blown away and some1 says &quot;will some1 call a g.d.  ambulance&quot; is now hilarious and murphy's death has a much more lasting  impact.  Murphy's death is the most sadistic i have ever seen in a movie  and with the added details its almost impossible to watch albeit there r  some very noticeable editing spots in it. The commentary is really good  pointing out the only time verhoven has ever appeared in one of his movies  and how orion felt about the movie in general.This movie is one of the all  time sci-fi classics and probably the most adult ever made definately not  for the jar jar binks crowd.
B00002E233|4.0|This film was a lot better than I had expected, and innocent of the accusations of it being a Jaws &quot;wannabe&quot;, other than the Sharks there are really very few similarities to Spielberg's classic.  In fact  comparisons to Jurassic Park are probably closer to the mark, with the  basic premise of the two films being fairly similar, i.e. scientists mess  with nature, nature then eats scientists.<br />Deep Blue Sea cannot be faulted  in terms of entertainment, it is fast, frantic and stylish; the script  isn't bad either.  Where it does fall down though is on the quality of  acting and the inconsistency of the effects.  LL Cool J and Tom Jane both  give good performances but the rest of the cast (including the normally  faultless Jackson) are nothing special.  In terms of the effects i'm  probably being a little fussy but the film sets its own standards because  some scenes are are really very realistic and will leave you amazed, but in  other scenes they are far less impressive and obviously computer generated  (this may not be as obvious on vhs as dvd).<br />Other than those two minor  faults which shouldn't ruin your entertainment too much, I can only give  the film praise.  It is definately worth viewing, and the dvd is one of the  best around, especially if your a shark enthusiast like myself as it  includes brilliant extras especially a better than average documentary on  sharks.  The sound and picture quality are also near perfect. It's well  worth the money, sink your teeth into it now!
0783225733|5.0|I first became aware of the Apollo 13 mission when i saw a documentary on TBS called moonshot.  Its an amazing account of the mercury, gemini, and apollo missions.  Any1 reading this needs to go and rent it at your local  video store if you can find it.As for this DVD its amazing.  The audio  commentary by Jim and Marilyn Lovell is among the best i have ever heard.   And the making of documentary is great as well.For the DVD fanatic u cant  go wrong this collection.
630469797X|5.0|George Romero is a legend in the horror industry.  Forget Wes Craven, forget Stephen King, George Romero knows how to make a truly great movie.  The story take place, for the most part, in an abandoned mall where 4  survivors take refuge from a world overrun by the undead.  The idea is  cool, and the execution is even better.  You can't help but feel hopeless  during the film, because you feel what the characters are going through  with them.  It's that well made.  Add in Tom Savini's great gory special  effects, and you have the most gripping zombie film ever.  A definite must  buy, but try to get the unrated version for some extra juicy scenes.
6305095442|4.0|The only reason I got this DVD was because I had the Evil Dead and Army special editions.  And no evil collection is complete without that all important second chapter.Dont get me wrong I love this movie.  But having  this as the only DVD out there for ed2 is a travesty.Makers of DVD please  give us a special edition of evil dead 2 that we can all be proud of.  I  beg u
B00000IL1K|5.0|I really enjoy listening to this album which I discovered a year ago and I  listen to it very often. All my family like Sarah Brightman now. Her voice  is so unique. &quot;Eden&quot; is a lovely song, also &quot;Anytime  Anywhere&quot; (Adagio) which is hauntingly beautiful. I like the way she  sings &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot;, although I like Celine Dion's version, I  found that Sarah Brightman's one is more pure and very emotional. She can  sign anything and it's lovely. The rest of the album is marvellous. I can  recommend this album to all who appreciate good voices.
1559408758|5.0|I didnt even know this went out of print.  What a tragedy. This criterion collection rules.  Two audio commentarties an excellent one by spinal tap (themselves) and two hours of bonus material.  The deleted scene with bruno  kirby in the hotel room is classic and the dos sub-plot is hilarious.Theres  also a lot of tidbits like the cheese rolling films and hell hole vid.A  must own criterion collection DVD.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I really enjoy listening to this album which I discovered a year ago and I  listen to it very often. All my family like Sarah Brightman now. Her voice  is so unique. &quot;Eden&quot; is a lovely song, also &quot;Anytime  Anywhere&quot; (Adagio) which is hauntingly beautiful. I like the way she  sings &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot;, although I like Celine Dion's version, I  found that Sarah Brightman's one is more pure and very emotional. She can  sing anything and it's lovely. The rest of the album is marvellous. I can  recommend this album to all who appreciate good voices.
B00001MXWX|5.0|I like this movie because it shows that the Federation can be bad.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I really enjoy listening to this album which I discovered a year ago and I  listen to it very often. All my family like Sarah Brightman now. Her voice  is so unique. &quot;Eden&quot; is a lovely song, also &quot;Anytime  Anywhere&quot; (Adagio) which is hauntingly beautiful. I like the way she  sings &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot;, although I like Celine Dion's version, I  found that Sarah Brightman's one is more pure and very emotional. She can  sing anything and it's lovely. The rest of the album is marvellous. I can  recommend this album to all who appreciate good voices.
6305657947|4.0|This is the first movie out of Hollywood in years that is mature, intelligent and pure fluff.  It doesn't pound the audience over the head with any kind of important theme or message, like so many other movies out  there that tries to be grown-up, and it never seems to insult the  intelligence of the audience, which for an important movie is rare, and for  a fun movie is almost unheard of.<br />The characters seemed right for each  other; both of them tried outsmart the other, acknowledged each other as  intellectual equals on opposing sides which lead to admiration and sexual  attraction.  When Rene Russo's character is analyzing the theft and  determing the method, she is impressed by the style, the cleverness of the  crime and becomes attracted to the criminal because of his cleverness.  She  never is outraged by the crime, but instead is turned on by it -- here, at  last, is a worthy adversary, someone she can have fun chasing.<br />John  McTiernan's directing is very stylish, as usual,  and suits the material  very well, forming a symbiotic relationship with Pierce Brosnan's and Rene  Russo's performances.  A genuinely entertaining movie.  Rent it or buy it  and have a good time.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I really enjoy listening to this album which I discovered a year ago and I  listen to it very often. All my family like Sarah Brightman now. Her voice  is so unique. &quot;Eden&quot; is a lovely song, also &quot;Anytime  Anywhere&quot; (Adagio) which is hauntingly beautiful. I like the way she  sings &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot;, although I like Celine Dion's version, I  found that Sarah Brightman's one is more pure and very emotional. She can  sign anything and it's lovely. The rest of the album is marvellous. I can  recommend this album to all who appreciate good voices.
0140186395|5.0|Steinbeck captures so many complexities of human character as well as human relationships. The story and the characters are overwhelming. It's a book that reminds you how good a book can be.
B00004LN16|4.0|AC/DC's career has been spotty in terms of commercial success, but not in  musical stylistics.  Anyone remotley familiar with this band knows that all  they do is rock.  Rock, Rock, Rock.  No swinging diddies, no excursions  into funk, electronica, fusion (thank god), or folk.  Album in, album out,  it's mid to quick tempo, guitar oriented, larynx-shredding sung rock.  The  only varition is how good it turns out each time around.<br />   Thankfully,  Stiff Upper Lip turns it out better, and more consistentley, than the band  has done in years.  Brian Johnson's vocals are starting to go (after years  of singing like that, it's expected) and Phil Rudd (welcome back) 's  drumming is simplified, (he never was Neal Peart or Mike Mangini) but this  album is their best since For Those About to Rock, and it's certainly their  most consistent since Back in Black. <br />  SuL's strength is that it doesn't  have a weakness, unlike such albums as the Razor's Edge or For Those About  to Rock with a few great songs and a bunch of crud.  Every song is good,  and while none of them are as good as AC/DC's best singles, the album, as a  whole, is remarkably consistent.  Give it Up and the title track are the  highlights, strong additions to an already mighty catalogue and the rest of  the album backs it up nicely.  Some may argue that the production is  slightly dull, but in my opinion, the old-school George Younge (the Young's  older brother) succeeds in returning to the blusey, raw roots of their  sound, something Rick Rubin couldn't pull off with the previous effort,  Ballbreaker.  <br />  SuL is an essential buy for any AC DC fan's catalogue,  and it's the best rock album released since Def Leppard put out Euphoria  last year.  It's refreshing to see that nobody writes better riffs than  Malcom Young, Brian Johnson still shreiks, and Angus Young still has those  great guitar leads after all these years.
B000001ELP|2.0|This album just dosen't do it for me. I've tried to keep an open mind and  all that, but the fact is that there is just not a whole lot to like about  this album and it's (sorry Gene) downright stupid story line. Before Kiss  started to record this album they were planning to get back to the hard  rockin' sound of Destroyer, but that plan was ultimatley scrapped when Kiss  brought in the evil Bob Ezrin to produce the album. He immediatley  discarded the demos that had already been recorded and suggested that Kiss  try a 'concept album' which some other bands had already done. Finally it  came down to a vote, in which Gene and Paul voted for the concept album and  Ace voted against it. So Gene wrote up a confusing story and somehow  managed to write up a batch of mediocre songs to go along with it. Ace  hated the album so much that he only did one song, Dark Light, which is the  best on the album. Ace understood that this album would not succeed because  this was not how people viewed Kiss, in dumb medeviel cousumes singing  about an Odyssey or something. Even though I got this album free, I hardly  ever listen to it. It gets two stars for 'Just A Boy' and 'Dark Light'. I  own all the Kiss albums and I honestly think that this is the worst  material in the bands musical history.
6305165912|5.0|If you are looking for an off the wall, unique side spliting comedy this is for you. The characters in this movie are wonderfully presented. You just can't help love'em and hate'em. Jeff, John G., John T. , Juliane and  Steve give life to these characters superbly. You may even recognize Tara  Reid ( Vikki- American Pie), who spouts out an interesting proposition to  the Dude. The plot is secondary to the story of the Dude and the Dudes way  of life. Don't be dissuaded though, it is definitly worth adding to your  collection. This is a hilarious movie!
B000001ELD|3.0|First of all, this album is not all bad. 'Radioactive', 'Mr. Make Believe'  and 'See You Tonite' are all good songs. But this album is pulled down by  the plethora of filler songs and of the wall material that is just not  something Kiss is known for. I can appreciate the signifagance of songs  like 'When You Wish Upon A Star', but this is just not the right person to  sing that song. Also, the host of guests was a bad idea.
0004723724|5.0|This book was absolutly wonderful to read! peices from his works, his life, and the world. it was probably one of the best books I have read. I am a big fan of oscar wilde and this is,in my opinion, one of the best collections of his works all put together in a very nice and organised  way.. making it easy to read and absolutely enjoyable.
B000001ELD|3.0|First of all, this album is not all bad. 'Radioactive', 'Mr. Make Believe'  and 'See You Tonite' are all good songs. But this album is pulled down by  the plethora of filler songs and off-the-wall material that is just not  something Kiss is known for or good at. I can appreciate the signifagance  of songs like 'When You Wish Upon A Star', but this is just not the right  person to sing that song. Also, the host of guests was a bad idea.
1559408855|4.0|This film goes to the heart of the times we live in. It is about cruelty in the most profound and disturbing sense - the atrocious, ugly things we know of and read in the paper everyday, but somehow can't fathom. Art is the only tool that allows us both understanding and the possibility of  moral and social reponse. Some think this is a perverse, even evil film  - but they are deeply mistaken. It is indeed about evil - it is also about  the ability of the artist to look at evil and give it definition and deny  it its mystery. If we feel violatesd by this, it's because we are denied  the comfort of ignorance. At its center, Salo is a film of the highest  moral order. In the century to come, it will be better understood. And  its courage will be appreciated
B00003OSSM|1.0|I like Harrison Ford like most people but, I'm sorry, this movie is bad. It was very slow and there is no point. The whole way through the movie, I was waiting for that thing to happen that would make the whole thing turn  out to really be a good movie after all. But it never happened. It was a  total waste of money. Harrison could have done much better than choosing  that role.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I see little need to convince the naysayers, but for those willing to give the time and concentration - the remarkable thing about Eyes Wide Shut is the astonishing parallels with another of Kubrick's works: The Shining.  These two films have a strange, almost uncanny thematic kinship. The plot  structures are also, yes, very similar - the male protagonists in both  films rebel against their familial bonds and find themselves in the grip of  more seductive - and dangerous - forces. Most enigmatic, the menace of  Kubrick's ghostly elites at the Outlook and his masked elites at the orgy -  a surreal, spectral treatment of class arrogance that binds these two films  like distorted mirror images of one another -(incidentally, watch the way  Kubrick uses mirrors in each film.) Kubrick has left us a wonderful puzzle.  It is worth pursuing.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|First of all, having the same organization that voted Titanic best picture should not disgrace this picture with the same award.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Excellent performances all around,  paritcularly Brad Pitt.  This movie, along with American Beauty and  Magnolia, is one of the best of the past year.  The only thing that kept  this movie from being the best was its mediocre ending.  The best part of  it is the transition.  This movie changed the way I look at my own life.  I  saw it twice and regret not seeing it more.  If you have never seen this  movie, you have to see it more than once.  It is a totally different  experience when you see it a second time.  The hidden stuff within the  frames is real cool too.  This movie is just an amazing ride!
B000003TA4|2.0|nevermind came out during a time of a musical wasteland...our ears were being filled with the trash still pouring over from the 80's, no wonder the album did so well..it was completely fresh at the time...the only problem i  have is...i can find a ton of albums like it but better, what the album did  for nirvana was put them on  the spotlight..what it didnt do was show their  true music, if you want nirvana pick up bleach or in utero..(these albums  seem far less produced and much more real)...but as far as a good pop album  goes nevermind is good
B000002G7E|5.0|i have all of the undergrounds work..this is by far the best, at first i heard it and was like..&quot;what the hell is this...&quot;..but after the first time through it became my favorite..its just amazing..in this album  you can hear the begginings of punk rock, and yess...(the beginings of  industrial..(sister ray) this album is completely dark, no redeeming  qualities, you wont be left with a warm good feeling, this album will kick  you in the balls, and when you are down on the ground wretching with pain  it will shoot you in the back of the head
0385484518|5.0|Prior to beginning this touching and powerful little book I read some of these reviews. I was struck by the handful of comments that were unceremoniously cynical to both the story and Mitch Albom. I wonder if the writers of these comments can truly say they act with love, compassion and  delight like Morrie? This story is meant to remind us that there is more to  life then money, prestige and power.  That slowing down and giving back is  all the power we need to be the best of who we are. Take the time to read  this lovely tale and be reminded of what life should really be all about.
B000002AP1|5.0|what can i say about this that you havnt read in one of these other reviews...this album is important!  my god, where would we be without it! ..the music is absolute raw, its purely angst driven...just honest  friggen kick you in the balls rock, we can call it punk, early grunge, art  rock, whatever but it is absolute raw, i cant listen to this album without  getting chills
B00001ODHF|5.0|This is one of the best cheesy horror flicks I have ever seen. If you have ever watched either Evil Dead, or Evil Dead 2 then you must watch this one, it's without a shadow of a doubt the best of the series. This movie is  where Duke Nukem got his voice attitude and the majority of his phrases.  There are few movies that you can watch over as many times as this one.  Beware though the movie is extremely gory.
B000002PBL|5.0|. . . but possibly the best Tom Petty album.  This underappreciated piece of work just barely edges out the much more acclaimed Damn the Torpedoes, in my humble opinion.  There's nothing really revolutionary going on here:  just ten of the best songs from one of the rockingest bands that ever  rocked.  The two singles, &quot;The Waiting&quot; and &quot;A Woman and  Love&quot;, that open up the album are restrained, emotional ballads.  And  the album has a few more:  the gorgeous &quot;Insider&quot;, the wistful  &quot;Letting You Go&quot;.  But even more fun are the harder songs like  &quot;Kings Road&quot; (possibly my favorite Petty song), the gloriously  reckless &quot;A Thing About You&quot;, and the self-assured  &quot;Nightwatchman&quot;.  The Heartbreakers have never been better,  ranging between subtle beauty and hard-charging power.  Definitely buy this  underheard album; if you like Petty at all, you won't be disappointed.
0446525537|3.0|I loved Sparks' first two novels and that's the main reason for purchasing this one.  I found this book to be a very easy read.  However, it was almost too simple.  I felt like I was reading something that may be on a middle-school reading list.  The ending really leaves you wondering, but it  is definitely my least favorite of Sparks' three books.
6305013578|1.0|I remember this film as a breathtaking visual feast, but this transfer to DVD is dreadful!  We loose the perimiter of the picture, most noticeable when heads are cut off at the top of frame.  I am sure there are better  quality prints out there, the one used for this transfer was dark and  murky. The music chosen seemed wildly inappropriate at times, I ended up  turning the sound down, it was so distracting.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I knew this was gonna good but never freaking great!I play it every single day and never get bored of it.I mean to those who say they're sold out are twits.Yes certain songs sound a tad bit slow but give credit where it's  due.The playing and sound are million times better than the previous  ones.If u listen carefully their more refind it's not just bashing every  drum or guitar string.And metallica are the only metal band in my country  that almost everybody knows coz of this record.So what ar u waiting  for?Gimme that which i desire baby!
B00000J7J4|5.0|since the 70's they are the best
B00001NFCY|5.0|I love this album. I listen to it all the time. There isn't a bad song on  it.
6305177473|5.0|I loved this movie about two eleven year olds who try to get their divoriced parents back together. I own this movie, have watched it 2 billion times, and I know the whole movie by heart, that's how great I  think it is! Lindsey Lohan rules, and she has a life of acting ahead of  her!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Rocks. Tom Morrello is a musical genius.
6305177473|5.0|I loved this movie about two eleven year olds who try to get their divoriced parents back together. I own this movie, have watched it 2 billion times, and I know the whole movie by heart, that's how great I  think it is! Lindsey Lohan rules, and she has a life of acting ahead of  her!
B000002O3I|5.0|I am a huge blues fan. If I were stranded on a desert island with only 5 albums, this would have to be one of them. The Wolf howls and growls, the rythm section is churning and the guitar is smoking; The Wolf always was  the architect of the songs, &quot;telling the others how it was to  go&quot;. This is also an excellent value, two-for-one at a low price. It  is worth four times as much. Listen to this and consider that it was  recorded in the fifties; then ponder how he influnced many rockers to come.  This CD is a must for any collection.
B000000OSE|5.0|This album is G N' R's finest and possibly the best album of all time. Although some of the songs might not be to everyones taste, the lyrics and instrumentals on songs like Coma, November Rain, Right Next Door To Hell  and The Garden will blow you away. Slash's guitar and Axl's vocals are the  most lethal combination ever. You havent lived if you havent got this  album.
0440224764|5.0|The ending was a DEFINITE surprise and was GREAT! This typical spell-binding journey of Grisham's leads the reader to Brazil and back, on a painful crusade for main character, Patrick Lanigan, who almost gets away with stealing from his million-dollar law firm. Patrick's beautiful lover  helps him at every stage of the game as his law firm will stop at nothing  to find him and have his head -- or other parts of his body -- on a  platter. Not to mention getting their money back. Accusing the FBI of being  the ones to torture him by electric shock and other painful methods was a  brilliant decision for young Patrick. In fact, his brilliance causes him to  win against everyone, except one person...
6304308388|5.0|This is one of the greatest comedy-dramas of all time.  Jack Lemmon and Shirley McLain have a wonderful chemistry throughout the film, and they give realistic performances.  The storyline involves many poignant,  heartfelt moments.  In this film, Wilder achieves an expert balance between  the comedic elements of his earlier films (such as &quot;The Major and the  Minor,&quot; and his screenplay for &quot;Ninotcka&quot;) with the heavier  characteristics of his noir films (notably &quot;Double Indemnity&quot;).   The result is a polished piece that alternately breaks your heart and makes  you laugh.  The film also features Fred MacMurray as a cad, going against  his normal typecasting.  With this cast, this director, and this  screenplay, the film is a must-see.
B000003TAW|5.0|THIS SITE HAS 104 REVIEWS OF THIS ALBUM.  I HAVE READ THEM ALL.  MOST  CONSIDER THIS TO BE THE BEST ALBUM EVER.  I GOT IT YESTERDAY.  IT IS  AWESOME.  I HAVE NEVER HEARD BETTER.  IF YOU DO NOT BUY IT YOU WILL REGRET  IT.  BUY THIS ALBUM NOW.
B000021Y77|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the all time best films I have ever seen.  If you are thinking about buying it just do so, you will not be disapointed.
0684867621|5.0|I read this short (for King) novel in one sitting.  I was impressed with how well a 50 year old man could present the inner workings of a scared and lost 9 year old girl.  I was about that age when I became lost on the  summer desert of Central Arizona (a long ways from Western Maine) and I  know how that sort of thing works.  More than once I had to stop reading  and remember just how it really was for a scared and brave little kid.  King got it and then some, but I don't trust King.  He's taken a turn that  makes me cringe too many times for me to think I know the story before he's  told it.  By mid book I was there in the deep forest with Trisha and I  couldn't quit til I knew her destiny.  Worth the read and then some.
B0000057C5|5.0|If you're like me, you bought this CD solely for Du Hast and/or Engel.  I listened only to Du Hast for about a 4 month period, then discovered other exciting songs like Spiel Mit Mir, Buck Dich, and more.  I love the guitar  work, as it really gets my adrenaline pumping.  Since I'm American, I'm  often criticized for listening to German music.  So?  What does it matter?   The CD is great, the cover image startling, and the lyrics non-understable.   A great CD!
B000002X2B|5.0|This album, though not the best selling, is the Best of all the Starship  Albums. The rifts include work from Steven Stills, and  Have you seen the  stars tonight is a song to remember. Various melodies are very enjoyable  and this is the best Starship album.
B0000028RR|5.0|I purchased evil empire before I purchased this title, and they're both  amazing. Buy this and buy evil empire. <br />The best songs are: Killing in  the name, bombtrack, and know your enemy.
1571200851|4.0|Compared to many quilting books, this one is easy to use and offers fresh ideas.  It provides detailed step-by-step instructions with photographs.  There are photos on almost every page--this makes the book more stimulating  than many quilting books that rely on black and white diagrams and  drawings.  In addition to the table of contents, the book offers a useful  index and bibliography. With this book, even people who have never done  origami (or used folding techniques) can add this method to their quilting.  However, this may not be the book for those who want to make quilts that  look traditionally Japanese.  The book's kimono designs are very Japanese  looking, but the quilting arrangements are not typically Japanese. For  those interested in making authentically Japanese looking quilts, I would  recommend &quot;Honoring the Seasons&quot; (1996) by Takako Onoyama. Still,  &quot;Fantastic Fabric Folding&quot; is a great book for those who would  like to add some Japanese flavor and new designs to their quilts.
6305426651|5.0|I have never been affected so much by a movie than I was by this one.  To me, this movie is the epitome of family love and togetherness, as well as of sacrifice.  I saw this movie for the first time when I was by myself,  and the tears flowed freely as I watched it.  Then I took my mother to see  it, and cried more as I saw it again.  <br />Whether you like Roberto Benigni  or not (my uncle thinks he's incredibly annoying), you have to give this  movie a chance.  It will touch your heart in ways you never knew it could  be touched.  It will cause you to think of your family, what you value in  life, and what things really are important.  Benigni is incredible, and his  ability to write such a moving script just add to his brilliance.
B00000I52K|5.0|This unbelievable paradox of a ferocious, brain frying record came from a  peaceful disciple of Eastern Philosphy. It created a veritable revolution  in music by originating Jazz-Rock fusion and World Music in a single  stroke. It features the single most phenomenal Drum performance in history  by Billy Cobham, which has never been surpassed to this day in terms of its  power, energy, and sheer virtuosity. And as far as McLaughlin is concerned,  the man is a legend in his own time, pure and simple. His guitar sounds  like a machine gun cutting gothic, guilliotine slices out of the sky.  Giving this record anything less than 5 stars is a disgrace and a  reflection on the timid, unadventerous, not to mention, ignorant ears of  the reviewer.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|you wont take when the pawn out of your CD player. fionas voice is more  forceful than ever, and this time around it is accompanied by mezmorizing  jazz beats.  the lyrics are anrgy with a twist of wry humor.  this album is  perfect- just like fiona!
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie is awesome!  It is a great action movie with the best visual effects i have ever seen.  It reminds me of Japanese cartoons, only live action.   If you like action or movies in general buy this.  no DVD  collection should be missing The Matrix
0140186409|5.0|I put this book down, and I had no idea what to say. It was such a terrific book. I am glad that I picked this book up on my own, rather than being forced to read it in a class. I was able to enjoy it so much more and  read it at my own pace. I felt myself seething with anger at times,  laughing at others, and at other times just sitting spellbound by the  excellent use of imagery. With so many books, a reader can find it hard to  see in his mind what the author wishes a reader to see. With Mr. Steinbeck,  I encountered no such problems. Another technique that I enjoyed (that  other reviewers seemed confused by) was Steinbeck alternating between the  story of the Joad family, and a sort of social commentary, every other  chapter. I would rather Mr. Steinbeck DIDNT use quotations in these  chapters. If he did, it may feel he was confining the situations presented  in the &quot;odd&quot; chapters, to a single character. But by removing the  quotations, I felt myself imagining that he was speaking for all the  dispossesed, not just a single person. A masterpiece.
B000002U82|5.0|The Dark Side of the Moon, recorded by Pink Floyd in 1972 and 1973, is a primarlily a vision of insanity that was communicated through the medium of Rock. The songs on this album are at the same time thought provoking and  ingenious musically. It is hard to decide which songs are either  representative of the entire album, or lead the album, becuase this album  (though split into tracks) deserves to be listened to straight through. All  the tracks are tied together, so that it sounds like one, magnum opus of a  song. Physcadelic and trippy sound affects are common throughout, and add  that little bit that completes the album. In some other Pink Floyd albums,  the message and the music of the artists gets watered down (im guessing  through the recording process), but this one loses nothing to the studio.  The songs are complete and full, and the adition of female backup vocal  fits perfectly with these songs. The album generally has a slow tempo, but  manages to keep it exciting, and fast paced through the use of sound  affects and amazing backup singers. Overall it is one of my favorite and  most exiting albums I own.
B00000K31V|1.0|This film lost my interest in the first ten min. The plot was too slow and not much of a climax, if one at all. The star's missed the class in witch thay tought acting, and for the FX, come on,is that the best you can do?
B00003CX59|5.0|Breathtaking cinematography provides just the right atmosphere for a halloween-party viewable,quasi-horror flick. A liberal sprinkling of accomplished actors lends this film a quality which truely makes it stand  out.<br />The plot deviates from the Washington masterpiece a bit, while the  characters diverge some way from their eighteenth-century prototypes.   Nonetheless, this has all the ingredients that made the original great - an  upstate New York backdrop which gives one the creeps even before the  'action starts', a heavy dose of references to the occult and characters  that ooze personality (and fallibility). All this combines to make it more  faithful to the original than a first glance would imply and at the same  time a masterpiece in its own right.<br />I was held rapt by this movie, and I  will break the door down to get the video when it is released.  A must see!
B000001Y79|4.0|This CD is the coolest, if you like No Doubt famous songs! If you want new  stuff by them, chaeck out thier new CD, &quot;Return to Saturn&quot;.
B000000W6F|5.0|while this is an essential recording for any music fan, it only hints at the astounding achievments that the Pumpkins would attain later on. But  this is definitely one of their most rocking albums. Great songs, great  arrangements, and great writing grace it from top to bottom. It's one of  those albums that you will listen to once, think it's okay, but will never  stop listening to it, ever.
0964936003|5.0|What a video for space buffs!  It begins with a televised tour of the spacecraft, then switches to the video shot by the crew themselves of the cold, damp Lunar Module after the explosion.  This really gives you an idea  of what they went through!  The post-landing conference shows the  astronauts answering reporter questions while obviously still in shock.  A  good informative look at this &quot;successful accident&quot; from the crew  point of view.
B000000WA4|5.0|this album sounds like what steven spielberg would sound like if he wrote a rock opera. it fies high into the cosmos, and the 28 songs NEVER get  boring
6303430570|5.0|God damn, can Kevin Smith write a screenplay... This is the very best of his movies. Smith has a unique way of hiding simple and sweet stories about the truths of life and love under extremely callous and HILARIOUS dialog.  What can I say... the man's a genius. He's so funny. If you make a habit of  quoting the movie there's bound to be someone around who will recognize it  and think you rule... which reminds me... &quot;I firmly believe in the  philosophy of a ruling class... especially since I  rule&quot; Be on the  look out for other such gems in Clerks. Also being from  Jersey, I might be  a little bit biased... you can tell Smith loves the state .
B00003OSSL|5.0|as nadine said rightly, this picture is just wonderful and full of sensitiveness. harrison ford is brilliant and i don't understand really why this picture was burned. why are people so reluctant towards pictures  showing humble human sentiments? this picture goes deep down. i saw it in  the theaters and i got the dvd version : the emotion is all there, on the  screen or at home, and equally powerful. since english is not my own  language (and thus it is a little complicated to put my arguments), i shall  invite other customers to go to nadine's message:it is a good one and i  share every word she wrote down.
0385493800|1.0|One of the worst books I have ever read. Aimless, ridiculous and uninteresting story line. I am a big fan of his but this book was terrible, skip it.
B000002B30|4.0|As one of the reviewers noted, there are some classic songs that should have been added: they include Tunnel of Love, I'm On Fire, and Cover Me. Sometimes, you wish that the recording companies would do an online poll  before they burn the anthologies!  Otherwise, this CD isnt too bad. Could  be a 5 star with those songs added.
B0000027F3|5.0|I've had this since it first came out and two tapes and one cd later i  still think this is some of the best metal ever.it gets better every time  you listen to it.the drums are like an artillary assult that never  ends(that's good) the guitar work is intricate and blinding and last but  not least the vocals are ear spliting perfection. how can they say rob  can't hit the highs like he used, to this is his last album with priest and  he is at his best in my opinion. it's got a few cheesy parts but is always  a favorite. and as far as the new cd with ripper or what ever covering  rob's songs is a joke he can sing but should stick to the new songs for  recording he ain't no rob halford.
B000020617|5.0|I have been a Foo Fan ever since I heard &quot;This is a Call&quot; in 1995.  They are perhaps one of the greatest bands of all time, just they don't get their recognition, cuz of them stupid Backstreet Boys (who don't  play instruments OR write their own music).<br />        I am a die-hard Foo  fan, and this new album has no weak songs, except &quot;Live - In  Skin&quot; which actually is pretty good.  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; is  actually probably one of the weakest songs on the album.<br />I can't believe  they aren't gonna make a video out of &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;, but  reportedly one of &quot;Generator&quot;.<br />I really can't describe how  great this album is in words, so please buy it if you have any appreciation  for music.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has returned from their short venture into mediocrity (the FII album), to produce one of the greatest albums of all time. Some have complained that it's not really &quot;progressive metal&quot;, but who  cares about labels? Jordan Rudess is mind-blowing, and a much better fit  for the band than the FII keyboard player, and even surpassing original  keyboardist Kevin Moore. I recently saw Dream Theater live, in which they  played the entire Scenes From a Memory album, end-to-end, non-stop. Then  they came back onstage and played for another 45 minutes. They sound as  good live as on their recordings. This is a band you have to hear - and SEE  - to believe.
0716703440|5.0|In reviewing Weinberg (1974), I listed his book as the best book on general relativity.  This book is the second best.  Weinberg's approach is algebraic, analytic, and topological, while Misner et al (MTW for short,  which I write as a typo toward the end of this review) adopt a mostly  geometrical approach.  It has turned out that geometry and topology are  very important for modern quantum gravity, but it so are all the other  fields plus logic and set theory and even probability or at least (finite)  measure theory.  In Carlip's recent book on 2+1 dimensional quantum  gravity, some of these approaches are contrasted but many things remain  confused as to which fields could theoretically be eliminated.  It will  probably turn out that several different approaches lead in similar  directions, especially four approache: geometry (the ADM or  Arnowitt-Deser-Misner formalism), topology (string theory),  measure-analytic-logic-probability-entropy (which leads to a direction  which is a combination of the first two), and algebra (Clifford, octonion,  division algebras which can describe geometry from a sort of neo-Cartesian  algebraic approach - see my pending review of Bayliss and also my review of  Dietrich et al and Chisholm).  Since string theory appears to be only an  approximation to quantum gravity, probably only the other 3 are fundamental  in a deeper sense.  Of these three, geometry by itself is the least well  translated into ordinary language.  MDT (Misner et al.) try, but they fail  very much to get through to non-specialists in geometry, and they are not  really addressing the public - their book is directed on a 2-tiered level  to physics students and to physics general relativity geometry would-be  specialists.  I recommend buying and keeping this book as a reference and  having a consultant or tutor help you compare it with other approaches if  you are not a general relativity geometry specialist.
0716703440|5.0|I would like to further clarify some points made in my previous review and add a few points.  The topology school of quantum gravity not only includes string theory but also for example the black hole 2+1 dimensional model in  Carlip (see my review) and enters into almost every 2+1 dimensional model  of quantum gravity.  As for the algebra school, some of the best work has  been done by William Pezzaglia, Jr. (whose papers will be found in Chisholm  and some of the other books that I have reviewed).  Pezzaglia shows that an  interesting generalization of the principle of equivalence is worth  considering: namely, that the laws of physics are invariant under  transformations between different types of algebraic entities such as  bivectors, vectors, trivectors, and even pseudo-bivectors, pseudo-vectors,  etc.  This means that the laws of physics are invariant across dimensions,  which would fit in nicely with Carlip's and others' work on 2+1 dimensional  quantum gravity instead of 3+1 (3 space dimensions and 1 time dimension)  dimensional quantum gravity.  There still remains the difficult problem  pointed out in Carlip that some of the different dimensional results do not  extend to the other dimension(s).
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you love action movies you must have the matrix. When I saw the preveiw for the Matrix I was blown away, first of all the graphics were great and the action sequences were amazing. And the plot saying that we are all in a  massive computer program was just astounding!
B00000DFRS|5.0|Wow! Where do I begin? Whitney is awesome!!!!!!!! &quot;My Love Is Your  Love&quot; is a GREAT song! All the others too just make you want to belt  it out with Whitney! It is worth the money - you have to buy  it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0783240287|5.0|I found this video presentation of &quot;Joseph&quot; just as entertaining and fresh as the several theater productions I have seen.  The challenge of presenting a stage play on video was met with very favorable results.  If  you want to watch a fun musical, I recommend this great show at a great  price.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles catalog is full of wonders, from beginning to end.  But, despite the controversy and troubles that swirled around the group at this time, they turn in their finest hour (OK, 46 minutes) with their final  album.  There are many reasons why.  George Harrison contributes the finest  two songs he ever wrote, Something and Here Comes the Sun, Paul is simply  at a creative peak, and John, though still attached at the hip to Yoko and  hooked on heroin, still manages to contribute Come Together, I Want You  (She's So Heavy) and Because (not to mention dusting off the old India  songs Mean Mr. Mustard and Polythene Pam).  The rhythm section of Paul and  Ringo have never been more astounding.  But the real star of the show is  George Martin.  After the difficulty and length of the White Album sessions  and the fiasco of the Get Back project, he told the Beatles that he would  only do another project with them if he could truly &quot;get back&quot; to  being their producer.  The Beatles agreed, and George produced their  masterpiece.  With 8-track technology, he was able to give a detail and  soundstage to the Beatles' sound that has to be heard to be believed.   <br />As a swan song, as musical work, as an aural experience, Abbey Road has  yet to be topped.
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you're not a Metallica fan, check this one out, since it's got nearly every Metallica cover song (&quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; and encore &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; are some of the best on  the CD). The San Fransisco Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Micheal Kamen,  is simply awesome, and it really shows on the two new songs -  &quot;-Human&quot; and &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; (my personal favorite).   Even the instrumental thrown in - &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot; while  long, is excellent. If you're a Metallica fan, you probably own this. If  you're not, I suggest you pick this one up right now.
B000002KD5|5.0|I know Rumours gets all the accolades, but this is the album.  Man, it's a killer; I've never heard a rhythm section so tight and recorded so well.  And with three songwriters, only the best made it to the album.  <br />The  album has a really great sound; if you've got a  good stereo there is much  to appreciate here.
B00000K3UU|4.0|The film was thoroughly entertaining and the special features that are also available on the DVD were OK.<br />I found &quot;Big Daddy&quot; an enjoyable comedy and I liked the way that the script was written with some  very clever one-liners.  If I am able to laugh out loud at a film, when I  am meant to I consider it a success.  The main characters that appealed  were Sonny and the tramp that kept appearing at all the right moments.   Adam Sandler is a very clever comedy actor who has a subtle approach and  does the job just right.<br />The children in the film are not too sickeningly  sweet and do not steal the film away from the more talented actors.  Julian  is a very likeable character and &quot;ahh&quot; was quite often used when  watching.<br />After the film there is the option of &quot;HBO's special on  the making&quot; and this deserves a completely different review and all I  can say is what patience both Adam Sandler and Rob Schnieder had with two  such hyperactive children.
B00000JJQK|5.0|No question, one of wonders of the digital is the chance for a work like this to be remixed in stereo, with an amazing soundstage.  Mark Linett deserves an award for the work he did with the multi-tracks to this album.   I've heard things I've never heard in the hundred times I've listened to  the mono Pet Sounds.  Putting the mono and stereo versions back to back  really shows the aural difference.  <br />For all that refuse to accept the  stero version and consider it some sort of sacrelige, hey, you have the  mono version.  But you are really depriving yourself.<br />This classic got a  whole lot better.  For those of you that are Beatles fans as well, we can  only dream of the Beatles work getting the same treatment.
630438551X|4.0|I didn't relize that they were going to use the exact words from the book. I'm not sure if that was a good idea. People who doesn't understand Shakespeare probably won't like the movie. But it's the most refreshing  movie I've seen in a long time. It was incredible how well they  incorporated the details of the book into the movie. The actors kind of  seem to have a hard time speaking Shakspearean English, but they understood  enough to say their lines convincingly. Overall this was a great movie.
0312243022|1.0|I just read &quot;The Hours&quot; right after reading two otherbest-sellers.  Frankly, I don't understand why this book received thePulitzer Prize! Perhaps it's due to the socially timely topic.  The overabundance of details in the book did NOT make it come alive for me - in fact I started skipping these paragraphs.  The unnecessary details remind me of an over-decorated Christmas tree, with every possible color, shape, and size of decoration thrown on.  I also found the main characters boring.  The only (intellectually) pleasing aspect of the book was the last chapter - it gave the book a surprising twist.
0590353403|5.0|This is a fantastic story for literally any age!  Be sure to read this before the rest of the series, as the author truly uses detail to enhance the magic of the tale.   Magic, valiant heroes and evil villains, staunch  friendships, and wonderful mischief scamper through the halls of Hogwarts -  Harry's wizarding school - as a Rowling shows you life through the eyes of  a courageous young boy.  At the age of 11, Harry Potter must now step up to  his place of honor and danger in a world he never knew existed.  While he  learns to be a wizard, he also learns many other lessons that are much more  important than simply how to cast a spell.  I recommend it for anyone who  enjoys a thought out story as well as a good time.  Yes, it is a book  targeted for children, but as an adult I can even say that I sat, after  reading it, just thinking.  My mind couldn't seem to pull itself out of the  captivating world of Rowling's, and I had that warm feeling that you get  when the good guys win over the bad ones, and you know the world is safe  until the next adventure. I can't help it.  I like Star Wars and other wide  epics that tell a good myth.  Although I didn't start reading fantasy until  after I went to college, I have become a huge fan over the years.  Rowling  creates a tight, quick paced story that keeps you reading 'till the end,  much like Tolkien and Lewis (2 great authors)!  She has really added a  worthwhile series to a sometimes forgotten genera.  I find myself caught up  in the characters and story.  My only dislike for the Harry Potter series  is that it is slated to last only 7 books!
6303234844|5.0|I have never seen a music video like Secret.  The night I first turned it on just ot check out a song or two, I could not shut it off.  This is by far the best music video I have ever seen.  The cd is also a must own.  The  DVD will be phenomenal.
B00004LN16|5.0|Always have, still do, always will.<br />Killer tracks: Stiff Upper Lip, House of Jazz, Hold Me Back, Safe in New York City, Can't Stop Rock n' Roll, Satellite Blues, All Screwed Up, Give It Up.<br />Their bluesiest album  yet, but still more of the same that they've always done.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;Tidal&quot; was one of my absolute favorite albums.  The first day I got it, I listened to it over and over.  The songs were just gorgeous, and Fiona Apple's voice was so full of emotion.  When &quot;When the Pawn&quot;  came out, and got all those fantastic reviews, I knew I had to have it.  I  ordered it, it came, I put it in the CD player, and I promptly removed it!   I thought it was too loud, too jangly, too grating.  I didn't listen to it  for months!  Now I know those months were wasted.  I decided to give it  another try, and I fell in love with it!  The songs are a bit different,  and it does take some getting used to, but once you've got every track  memorized, you can't tear yourself away from this!  If you've heard this CD  and dismissed it, rethink your decision.  Don't miss out on this.
079213690X|3.0|Don't get me wrong - this was a powerful film at least in the first half.  The scenes of battle still have the capacity to make me cringe, and the sheer filth of daily life of in the period is enough to make me appreciate  the standard of living and peace of the modern world.  But, why oh why with  all the effort that goes into such films, do they have to take such gross  liberty with historical accuracy?  Can we really believe that with all the  constraints on a member of the royal family then, let alone now, that a  princess would be able to father a child to a commoner let alone an enemy  to the state?  It is obvious from the film that the makers only had a  couple of days' money to make a few battle scenes, but could they not have  filmed the battle of Stirling Bridge on a bridge? Three stars are for the  first half of the film - the rest was a degeneration into sheer mawkishness  and adolescent entertainment of the worst kind.  And film of the year - no,  please, let it pass History I at university first, and then pretend to  history.
1558908498|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE. I'M A BIG HORROR FAN AND THIS IS DEFINETLY ON MY TOP 5!  I KNOW IN SOME MOVIE TRILOGY'S CASES, THE 2ND ONE IS USUALLY THE WORST, BUT NOT SCREAM 2. DAVID ARQUETTE USED TO BUG ME, BUT NOW HE'S ONE OF MY FAV  ACTORS. THIS MOVIE WAS DEFINETLY A WORTHY SEQUEL TO THE 1ST AND PREQUEL TO  THE 3RD
6305750750|4.0|Okay, I saw this movie three times at the theater. The first time, as with most people I know, I was a bit disappointed and hated Jar Jar. The second time, after trying to see 'the big picture', I took it for what it was, the  beginning of an epic tale. I even semi-tolerated Jar Jar. The third time I  picked it apart piece by piece trying to understand exactly what we were  being set up for. I even kinda liked Jar Jar this time, even bought a Jar  Jar poster for my daughters wall :) What I've come to conclude is that even  though I liked the movie, it's a tale that could've been told in about 45  minutes. There's so much more that could've been included to thicken the  plot and give the movie a little beef. Indeed, it was a bit thin. However,  I'm judging this on the other Star Wars movies. I tried putting myself in  the situation of &quot;what if&quot;. Meaning, what if there was no other  Star Wars movies. What if this was a complete first time original. Would it  still go over? Would it still warrant a sequel? If there wasn't a huge fan  base already would it have been a flop? I honestly don't think so. It  would've been a completly original movie, and although a bit slow, have  huge potential for a sequel. I think I would have liked it still, maybe  more then I do now. I'm sure I'll watch this move 20 or more times in my  life, maybe more if they ever release a DVD. Other movies in the same  genre, however, released kinda around the same time as Episode 1, like Lost  in Space and Wing Commander, I can honestly say I care not to see again,  and I'm pretty easy to please. As with others, my expectation were a little  high, but in the end it's a good popcorn eating movie with tons of eye  candy, and a good waste of a couple of hours. Can't wait until the next  one...
6305079811|3.0|Flash Gordon is a wonderfully campy, visually inventive and playful film. Fun for kids and adults alike. Max Von Sidow is terrific as Ming.  The DVD transfer is lousy. One of the worst I've seen. Taken off of a bad master no  doubt. Full of scratches and quite grainy at times. Audio is fairly decent  stereo. Queen soundtrack is just as campy as the film. Color is good.  Really no DVD extras. Too bad. 4 star movie gets 3 stars for poor DVD  quality.
1573226521|4.0|Another example of how the book is far better than the movie. As an avid reader of Crichton, Grisham, and Clancy I am reluctant to start reading the work of authors I am not fimilar with, however after seeing the film, I knew I had to read the book and to say the least I was very impressed. It  is written in the same style that other popular fiction writers use (ie not  technically correct) but that doesn't matter.<br />The story of a young  traveller, going through Thailand, who finds a beach...a perfect beach, and  lives there with a group of other people from around the world is  fascinating.<br />Many wonderful and exciting things happen during his stay  there, including many visits from his 'friend' Mister Duck.<br />An excellent  book that I would recommend to any reader who enjoys crichton, grisham,  clancy.
B00000IPAX|4.0|OK, this is definetely a GOOD cd, however, u people are making it sound so teeny bopper-ish(stop it!)....i think this cd is fun to listen to when you're driving around with some pals, or just sitting at home doing nothing  or just surfing around, and it does have quite the popular music element  which might make it appeal to the non punks, however, it's really good so i  reccommend it definetely!
B00003CXBK|5.0|Mononoke Hime is one of the greatest movies of ALL TIME!  WhenI saw it, I was at the absolute WORST theater I have ever been in.This theater had the potential to distract me from the movie and make everyone there riot and demand their money back.  But they didn't, because everyone was too involved in the movie to notice.  As soon as the show started, everyone was rivited.  My friends and I didn't even leave our seats until after the credits had finished.  We were left dumbstruck.<br />See this movie.  It is well worth it.  And while I agree that the Japanese audio should have been included, that is no reason not to get this movie.  END
B00003CWL6|5.0|This movie was amazing. People that say it was a sick movie missed the point completely. It wasn't about being sick, it was about real life and being able to see how anything can be beautiful if you just look closer.  The dancing bag is a perfect example of that. The film was gorgeously  directed and the roses were a perfect metaphor. I cannot praise this movie  too highly.
0671015206|4.0|I purchased this book nearly a year ago and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The author did a good job of explaining the habits of the wealthy and how they came upon their fortunes.  The statistics and case studies were excellent.  However, the book seems to drag on a little.  All in all, it's a good read  if you have some extra time.
B000002UAT|5.0|Sorry to do this, but I have to. I'm going to pop DEV's bubble. A Day In The Life was inspired by an article in a newspaper. Good Morning Good Morning was inspired by a cornflake commercial. Still, this album has stood  the test of time. It is a truly good album, but possibly not the Beatles  best. Revolver, Rubber Soul, and this, however, are their best. It's too  hard to decide what. In my opinion it surpasses Pet Sounds, but that's only  my opinion.
0446310786|5.0|A couple years ago, a teacher of mine asked our class to read To Kill a Mockingbird.  Reluctantly, I picked it up and began reading.  Within minutes, I was watching young Jem, Scout, and Dill grow up, as everyone  does, in 1930's Maycomb, Alabama.  <br />The author, Harper Lee, does an  amazing job of portraying the characters exactly as they were meant to be;  very few authors can make a reader admire with the utmost respect for a  character as Harper Lee does with Atticus Finch, father to the  narrator.<br />If you are looking for a book that will keep you interested  until the very end, this is definitely the one.  I have read it three times  and have enjoyed it every time.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I've been a major Santana fan since the begining of his career.  Rock,  jazz, freeform, Latin..they all sounded great but this album's hip hop is  too far for me.  I don't know if the effort is commercial or just trendy  but there's no room on my shelf to add this one.
0767827015|5.0|Boyz N Da Hood is the best hood movie I've ever seen I mean it tells the truth about thangs man if you haven't seen it take my word its da bomb
0780628551|2.0|Not a good buy. I purchased it and watched it on a Sunday night.  This movie got a lot of bad reviews from profesional critics and movie watchers, and I am afraid they may be correct. Overall I do not regret buying and  watching this movie.  Some movies are good, some not so good, and some are  terrible,  but how can you judge the good one from the bad one if you never  see the bad ones,  therefore give this movie a chance and you be the judge.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best album when it comes to Cliff Burton stuff. This is the crunchiest burton album, and it makes you wonder where this band was headed.  The is a wide variety on this album.  The slow moody stuff,  (sanitarium), the slow crunch, (thing that shouldn't be), and of course the  speed/thrash metal, (master, damage).  Buy this album, i promise you you'll  like it.  Cliff Burton truly shines on Master of Puppets.
0783240503|3.0|I absolutely love both the Canadian cast and the Broadway cast soundtracks, so I was excited to see this production.  I wish I could say that I was excited to HAVE seen it, but it was just okay. Donny Osmond does  a great job...he's the best thing in here.  I know Maria Friedberg is an up  and coming name in musical theatre, but I was extremely disappointed in her  performance.  Her voice doesn't have the strength of the leads on the cast  recordings, and she mugged her way through a lot of the numbers, which  would work on stage, where everything needs to be exaggerated, but doesn't  work here.  (To be fair, most of the cast does the same.)  It was a little  distracting that the singing on some of the numbers was not syncronized  with the actors' lip movements. It's better than nothing though, and  everytime Donny Osmond takes center stage you forget the flaws.
B000003TAB|4.0|Don't buy this album expecting Nevermind.  But then again, if you want another Nevermind, you're not a real Nirvana fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|I've never seen a movie quite like it. The special effects are awesome. This movie was action packed and even had romance! Throughout the entire video, all you can do is think!
0812550706|5.0|An amazing book for the mind.  Taking you through the trials of one little boy who has been chosen for greatness.  Orson Scott Card is an amazing writer who is very in touch with human psychology. This book makes you realize that life is a game of the mind!
0671775308|2.0|The author in this second book of the Millionaire series offers up some new interesting insights about wealthy people and thier ways. Unfortunately he maintains his bias against working folks read &quot;economic dropouts&quot; and this time there is a lamentable self-congratulatory  tone. I would like to see a book that looks at wealthy people from every  segment of society and every economic background. This book is written for  middle to upper middle class white college educated people who perhaps have  money problems. I strongly suspect the author has little use for any other  kind of people hence the pejorative &quot;economic dropout&quot;. If the  potential reader fits the above described profile and wants to get married  then this book might be a good read. This time I was smart and checked it  out from the library.
6300214826|5.0|good stuff.  marlon brando...need i say more!
0385334206|4.0|Dig it.  I do anyways.  Maybe you won't.  It's entirely up to taste and whatnot.  Vonnegut's story is lovely, and so is Vonnegut's storytelling.  Vonnegut tells his tale in a condescending manner.  He talks to the world  as if we're all a bunch of kids, having to show us little pictures of  everything.  This storytelling is often hilarious, though it can get  annoying to some people.  The book is about our rotten, lowly existence.   Vonnegut condescends because people are (apparently in Vonnegut's eyes)  generally idiots, and Vonnegut is god of this story.  He even steps into  the story (love it of hate it) and chills out in his own creation.  All  powerful and completely omniscient, he tells you about everyone and  everything in the city.  Making for wonderful characterization.  By the  end, Midway City seems to breathe.  Some will love this.  Others will be  completely annoyed by Vonnegut laughing in their face and his madcap style.
B00000HYXB|5.0|I think this CD is absolutely astounding!  BG is an extraodinarily talented Power Metal band, mixing blistering fast beats and that melodic Rock Opera feel.  I think their ingeniuity (like their other CD'S) really  shows!
B00004RFFM|5.0|Its an awsome movie, its a great thriller.  Its an all around great movie
0792837614|5.0|I thought this was a very good movie.  It was funny at some parts, suspenseful at some, and just plain made me cry at the end.  The plot was very intersting and intreguing, and the characters were well played.  I  would reccomend this movie to anyone looking for one to see.
B000000WF0|5.0|One would think that after the epic majesty of the likes of the Verve's 1995 single &quot;History&quot;, that the Verve had hit an artistic high watermark.  This album is the sound of a collective musical chuckle from  the likes of Messrs. Ashcroft, McCabe, et al in regards to that notion, as  well as the notion that the Verve themselves were &quot;history&quot;.<br />The strings that were used to such brilliant effect on  &quot;History&quot; are brought back here (some sampled, some not) and,  when combined with the best guitar work Nick McCabe has ever done, along  with Richard Ashcroft's usual wonderful vocals (particularly commendable on  &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot;, perhaps the album's most understated  moment) produce perhaps the most tuneful album of the past decade.<br />No  song on the album is less than very good, even the seeming  silliness/abstraction of &quot;Neon Wilderness&quot;.  My belief is that  the album's greatness derives from the multitude of different moods  expressed within the space of this one disc (a million different emotions  from one moment to the next, to paraphrase the opening track!): from  triumphant (&quot;Bitter Sweet Symphony&quot;) to introspective (&quot;The  Drugs Don't Work&quot;) to just downright plaintive (&quot;Space and  Time&quot;) and then back to a laddish state on the final, rocking  &quot;Come On&quot;.<br />If the Verve's split remains permanent this time  and &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; was indeed the last album released by the  group, there could be no grander, more fitting farewell befitting their  legacy (which will undoubtedly grow from going out on top like this).  Highly recommended to all, from pop kids to aging rockers...this is  timeless, brilliant music.
0380973464|5.0|I was skeptical to read this book for two reasons: size, too many technological words in Diamond Age (his last book).  Once I started reading this book, I couldn't stop.  Somehow I polished it off in a week.<br />It is  well worth getting through it.  A friend mentioned that he couldn't get  past the 250 page mark.  I urge you to read on.  Once the story comes  together it is amazing.
B000022TSY|5.0|To the guy who said this film is a bomb and its horrible... I can only suggest you understand that this picture isnt meant to be literal.  Every peice of this film is symbolic in some form.  Captain america living free,  on his way to his dream.  But captain america's america wont let him be who  he wants because society isnt really free or ready to except the price of  true freedom.  People are affraid of the different.  I suggest you remove  the &quot;Captain&quot; from the name &quot;captain america&quot; to fully  understand this film. Listen to his lines.  He represents america and a  generation of ideas.  The tagline of the film is.. : A man went looking for  America and couldn't find it anywhere!  Replace &quot;A man&quot; with  &quot;America&quot;  Thats what the film is about.  &quot;America went  looking for America and couldnt find it anywhere!&quot;  There is no  freedom when people dont respect others choices of freedom.  Their dreams.  This film is about acceptance, friendship, the dream, america and the  bueaty and the horror that life really is.  This film is kind of dark in  its ending.  The blunt reality of society comes crashing down on Americas  (captain) dream.
0375703764|3.0|It takes guts to build up a work as &quot;life changing&quot; in your own introduction, and I admit I was hesitant about reading the rest of the book.  On a purely technical level, House of Leaves is amazing. The author's use of form to accentuate his story is complex, and shifts from  hitting-you-over-the-head to very subtle.  He managed to convince me that  the texts of Zampano and Truant (and Truant's mother) came from different  people by keeping their writing styles distinct.  These things are  indicators of remarkable talent.<br />Technical ability aside, Danielewski  seems so taken with the process of writing that he forgot what he was  writing about.  Truant and Zampano's lives are affected, but why?  Who  cares?  The Navidsons were slightly more real, with less textbook  characteristics, and were easier to empathize with.  There were many places  that were difficult to convince myself of the necessity to keep  reading.<br />There are many intriguing things about this novel and about the  sheer volume of ideas pouring out of Danielewski's head.   He doesn't rank  amongst the great writers of genre-defining fiction yet, but with time and  polishing of his considerable skills I believe he very well could.  The  book is worth a read, probably even two. But it's not life-changing.
B00000IBRI|5.0|Many people call this one of Dario's weakest films, yet it is Dario's favorite.  I loved it, as well.  It feels like one long, frightening, beautiful dream where anything that can happen does happen.<br />The plot  revolves around Jennifer Corvino (Jennifer Connelly), the daughter of an  international movie star who is sent to a Swiss boarding school for  education.  While getting settled in, she learns of a murderer killing  girls in the area.  Also, we learn that she can communicate with  insects.<br />That night, she has a sleepwalking attack, and witnesses  something before ending up at the home of John McGregor (Donald Pleasence).  The two become friends, as more people die and Jennifer's school think she  has gone insane.<br />This film was my introduction to Dario's work and I have  been a fan ever since.  I believe Tenebrae would be a better introduction  to Dario, but this is still a wonderful film.  Check it out.
0380804557|3.0|As a fan of fantasy, I must admit that Neil Gaiman surely is a great writer. Stardust takes you from the borders of our reality into the very depths of the land of Faerie with startling ease... His style is beautiful yet sometimes cruel, and the story amazingly haunting.
B000002KNI|5.0|The music and songs are so charming yet the presnetation so easy and basic.  I used to have a Liser Lisc of the concert and if you have the chance to also see how the pair made the music on stage, you will love the  pair and the music they made even more.  This live concert album gives you  something more and definitely something different than other albums of  Siomn &amp; Garfunkel recorded in the studio.    I have in the past years  been waiting for a DVD format of the recording but before that I have to  live with the CD, not for long, I hope.
B00004LN16|3.0|I am a big fan of the boys down under. I do enjoy this album but it is not a Back In Black or Highway To Hell effort. I mean come on, there are NO drinking songs! The cuts are crisp and Brian seems to have got his voice  back but for the most part it is just filler music. The songs Can't Hold Me  Back, Can't Stand Still and Give It Up are the only tunes that really get  the blood flowing. A bad effort from AC/DC is better than a good effort  form most other bands, and this is not a bad effort, it's just for this  band, this special band, it's an average effort.
0345404475|2.0|I'll admit I got this because I love the movie and I guess I was expecting the book to be better, they are usually are. But they were so substantially different from each other which isn't necessarily a bad thing. I liked the differences, but the novel got a little weird toward the end with some  dream like sequences that I didn't understand and I usually don't care for  dream scenes. If you are expecting a more in-depth version of the film you  get a little of that, but they are so different that you may not like it.
0385493819|4.0|In my opinion, The Testament was one of the best John Grisham novels I've read since &quot;A Time to Kill.&quot;  Sure, there were a lot of characters to keep track of and confusing circumstances surrounding them,  but my main focus was on the novel's central character, Nate O'Reilly.  He  was everything you would find interesting in a character. Grisham really  did his research before writing this novel as well, because during the part  of the novel where Nate was in Brazil, the Amazon and the tribal Indians  had me spellbound.  It's as if I were there myself.  Very Gripping!
0790729628|5.0|This film is basically a cult classic. You either love it or hate it. The Director's cut isn't that substantially different from the theater release version. I didn't need the voice over but then again I saw the original  version and understood what was going on. This DVD would benefit by having  both versions available. The unicorn symbolism I didn't understand either.  This DVD is worth it only if you have seen it, like it and want it in DVD  format. Otherwise, I wouldn't bother. By the way, the movie is  substantially different from the book that it was based on which I didn't  particularly care for.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Whatever the category is for this band, Heavy Prog Industrial Choir Music, thisCD has alot of energy and I play it loud and I play it often and only when my  young kids hop in the Suburban is when I have to turn it down.  It's good.
0767824571|5.0|I think this is mostly a guy film. I don't know very many women who care for it. None-the-less, I don't know a single guy who can't quote at least one line from this film. I got the DVD because this is one of my all time  favorites, however some bonus features would have been nice. Commentary on  this film would have been excellent and outtakes were probably hilarious.  If another version with these features came out, I'd definitely get it.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|this movie was purely entertainment...which is what it was supposed to be. the film is hilarious and everyone does a good job. the stay-puft was a great bad guy and the storyline was very well written. bill murray gets the  best lines and his part was well scripted. this dvd is mad crammed with  stuff along with a great movie and you've got yourself a winner.
6305364648|4.0|A fairly standard James Bond type plot, a highjacked nuclear weapon, that is made interesting by the twist of having the Arnold action hero trying to maintain a suburban lifestyle. None of the action was particularly amazing,  you've probably seen such action before, but the whole premise of all this  stuff going on while trying to be a proto-typical suburbanite is hilarious.  Imagine James Bond with a wife, two kids, a SUV, saving the world, and you  get the picture.
B00000055E|5.0|2pac is the realist there ever was and if you listen and analyze the words, you know they are coming from the heart.  It will make you laugh as well as cry
0783226063|5.0|I love this film only because I love the series, and lets face it, you will not understand this movie unless you have read the Dune series and I don't mean just the first book. The film makes a lot of references to  things that you don't learn about until later books in the series. If you  like the book series you will like the movie as a supplement to them.  Otherwise, you won't like this film because a lot of the scenes require  information that just isn't given. It's almost as if this movie was made  for the people who have read the series.
B000000993|3.0|I first heard about TOOL from a friend, and heard the song &quot;Sober&quot;, and from there I fell in love with TOOL's sound. I expected the sound to be similar on the whole CD, but I was disappointed  that many of the tracks sounded just like Tight Leather 80's music. Sober  is by far the best song on the album, but the rest of the CD doesn't have  much meaning. There lyrics are very powerful, but the music does not fit  the style of the lyrics. I am really trying to like TOOL and relate with  all the great hype about them, but just can't find it.
B000002LA2|2.0|... for making this an Eric Clapton album where the Guitarman himself has been reduced to a mere session player - and not a well used one at that. There is no serious guitar on this record, just eighties synths and, of  course, drums. The only decent song is Holy Mother (instant classic about  one of Clapton's friends who gave up on life and committed suicide), where  Phil Collins had the common sense to back off and leave it to Clapton. That  song is the reason for two stars, but it is not enough to save the entire  album from the deadly grasp of a highly overrated producer - Phil Collins.  He should be severely punished for what he has done to this album.
B00000DBXL|5.0|the lyrics are so catchy that everybody loves to sing along to them. ive turned a lot of my friends into cake listeners by putting a couple of their songs on a &quot;happy tape&quot; and just playing it when they are  around... it always sets the right mood for any occasion... word to the  wise though while listening to the first track... satan is my motor, not  singing is my motor... lol
0767827716|4.0|One of the better &quot;misunderstood teen-gets-possessed-and-seeks revenge&quot; films of the 80's...especially due to the wonderful music &amp; direction by John Carpenter.  Yet, this DVD offers another triumph  for the &quot;letterboxing&quot; crowd.  There is so much going on at the  sides of the frame, that one can understand characters better, see more  action, and not be dizzied by the pan-and-scan process!  When the DVD  jackets decribe the widescreen availability as to &quot;preserve the  integrity of the filmmaker,&quot; they mean it!
079213690X|5.0|This movie is simply breathtaking.  Of course it isn't historically accurate, but it is a grand epic.  The acting is superb, particularly Mel Gibson as William Wallace.  The movie is visually stunning.  The soundtrack  is excellent.  I have heard that James Cameron heard it and knew he had to  get Horner to do Titanic, even though they had worked together in the past  and had difficulties.  You simply have to see this movie.  It is my  personal favorite, and it is one of the best.
0767817664|5.0|A hugely entertaining teen horror with some added comedy courtesy of the late Roddy McDowall, who gives one of the campiest performances since Vincent Price, as an aging horror actor (the &quot;heroic PETER VINCENT:  &quot;Vampire Killer&quot;!) who's suddenly faced with REAL LIFE  terror--needless to say, he's actually a quivering mass of jelly (much like  TV's &quot;Dr. Smith&quot;).  Another great aspect NOT to be missed, is the  WIDESCREEN version!--You get to see some truly hair-raising thrills that  are NOW VISIBLE and made even more frightening by seeing what's going on in  the background...which is otherwise pan-and-scanned away from.
0385484518|5.0|This is an incredibly powerful book, one that you will not be able to put down once you start reading.  It has simple lessons along the way of telling the story of this professors life.  It is very easy to get caught up in the materials things of life but in the end what is really  important....true friends and family. <br />The other part that is extremely  touching is that this is a real story and the advance money from the sales  of this book helped pay the enormous cost of his medical bills, so in the  end it really benefited everyne involved.
B00000J7JO|3.0|When this CD first came out, I was extremely intent on buying it and I did buy it.  After the first few spins, I was disappointed to say the very least.  The guitars seemed out-of-place and the vocals were indecipherable  and meaningless.  It had the appeal of a urine-soaked rag and the music was  similar.  About a month later, I heard some friends complimenting this CD  and decided to give this one another chance.  It amazed me that it sounded  BETTER the second round than before.  Around the World is awesome and so is  Otherside.  Parallel Universe is also really good, with a differing flavor  from the other aforementioned two.  Still, though, Californication suffers  from too much filler.  These are the ones with meandering vocals and little  imagination drawn forth. I Like Dirt, Porcelain and Emit Remmus are the  main offenders on this one.  This CD compares to Pearl Jam's  &quot;Vitalogy&quot; in that while a modest attempt was made to appeal to  its fans, many of the tracks could have been truncated from the final  product.  But also, at the same time, both disks contain some of the bands  best songs.  In other words: hit or miss.  I prefer the inspired jams of  Blood Sugar Sex Magik but many seem to dig it all, so don't listen to me...
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is really neato! Not just good or ok but truly nifty! Its a cool CD that you can play and listen to and hear sounds. It has some music and words that when you say in different voices make notes and they rhyme! If  you think I'm cool then you just wait and hear the CD!
3551551685|5.0|&quot;Harry Potter und die Kammer des Schreckens&quot; is the German translation of the second Harry-Potter-book. I think I don't have to tell you anything about the story - see the reviews of the English version for details (besides: who wants to read more about the content of such a book  than the back page offers - it would spoil some of the fun since the Potter  books are in part a crime story!). <br />The translation is - judging from my  reading experience - well done and worth reading. The language is not too  complicated so the book qualifies as reading stuff for a foreigner wishing  to practice his German reading skills. I didn't find any translation  mistakes - the language sounded genuine German and was vivid and fun to  read. The names (always a problem when translating) are not altered, so  some of the flair that comes with the nicely selected names of the original  is lost to the non-English reader. But this second book shows that this is  the right way to go: there is a name-letter-puzzle which plays a key role  in this book and translating that one would have been a very hard task  indeed.<br />So the translation receives 5 stars, all well earned for the  content as for the translation. <br />My final note goes to the discussion if  this book is for adults as well as teenagers or not: anyone waiting for  deep insights into the society, mankind and the world we live in will be  disappointed when reading this book. But it is by far the best youth book I  ever read, 350 fast pacing pages and I never regretted that I bought it.  Nobody whants to read Joyce all the time. And when I turn too light reading  stuff, I expect quality as well. Here is where this book has its place in  the adult market.
6302732786|5.0|Of course Queen was one of the most electrifying bands ever!  This Concert is no expection to the great music that will always be kept alive in Freddies memory. Seeing Elton John and Axl Rose doing bohemium rhaspody  sent chills down my spine, when axl comes out look at the crowd, you cant  help but want to get up and rock on!  This si the best concert ever and  please Release this on DVD,... LONG LIVE FREDDIE MERCURY!
0393317552|3.0|Outside of the tedious repetition and somewhat pedantic style of writing, my primary issues with this book are:  1) Almost flippant references to anthropology and anthropological theory.  Diamond makes it sound as it cultural anthropology is a transparent and non-complicated discipline (one  need not even be educated in anthropology to write a best-selling book on  the subject.)  This is a familiar - in my opinion - mistaken view of  professionals in the &quot;hard sciences.&quot;  2) I disagree with the  views that Diamond articulates in the final chapter - that history should  (let alone can) become a science, and that this will enable people to make  a better future.  My opinion is that to successfully challenge racism  require a change in the terms of the debate - which may mean getting away  from &quot;scientific&quot; thinking altogether.
0812550757|5.0|I have read, and loved, everything by Asimov, Herbert, Heinlein, Clarke, Pohl, Niven, Stephenson, McCaffrey, Tolkien and many more; all for many different reasons.  Don't get me wrong; I have also read, and hated, many many more besides.  I would be happy to review any number of other books;  but I won't.  I will limit myself to one review - the one book I would  recommend unguardedly above all others. In my opinion, Speaker for the Dead  is the best sci-fi book I have ever read.  Many authors write beautiful and  brilliant books and series, some masters of character, some masters of plot  etc.,  Speaker for the Dead is crafted as perfectly as can be possible in  every aspect. I offer as my advice for reading sci fi no finer reading  experience than to read Enders Game (1st in the series) and then Speaker  for the Dead.  But even without the support of Ender's Game, Speaker is  still my single-most favorite read.
0964936003|5.0|In my opinion, this video contains some of the best Apollo resource material available today. The complete TV broadcast by the Apollo 13 crew minutes before the spacecraft suffered a catastrophic failure is  fascinating viewing. Lovell, Haise and Swigert give a great tour of both  the Odyssey and Aquarius spacecraft, the latter of which would shortly be  called on to save their lives. Also included on the video are some  in-flight home movies and the entire post-flight press conference. This  press conference was held a week after the flight and was the first real  chance the world had to hear Lovell, Haise and Swigert's story.<br />However  the real gem for me was the re-entry and splashdown footage that shows a  nervous mission control that erupts with relief once the crew are safely on  Earth. Truly great viewing.<br />This video is essential viewing for any space  enthusiast! Equally if you are not a space-buff but enjoyed the movie  &quot;Apollo 13&quot; then this video is the perfect companion.
0517122707|5.0|This book should be considered a &quot;classic!&quot;  I have never laughed out loud as hard as I did while reading this book.  Everything from the characters to their series of comedic events had me in hysterics.       The story focuses on the pathetic &quot;dunce&quot; of a man, Ignatius J.  Reilly.  This thirty year old (well-educated) man, who is completely  dependent upon his mother, is forced to get a job.  Every job he has,  somehow, seems to interfere with his very busy life of doing nothing.   Although he has a master's degree, he finds thoughtless, thankless jobs  that he can't hold onto.  His on-the-job blunders and his desire to change  society as well as his interactions with the other characters make this the  funniest book I have ever read.  I would definitely recomend it to anyone  who wants a good laugh!
B00000IBRX|1.0|This is plainly the worst film I have ever see in my life, and you better belive it!
B000002NBY|5.0|What can I say about this album.  I was 9 when it was released and I am glad my parents bought.  I have listened to it sense.  It is truly one of the album's out there that you can plop into the player and let it run  because all of the songs are awesome.  Even with today's music that is  totally different than what was played back at 86, this album still soars  with its awesome melody and story telling in each song.  This is something  that today's artists may not have, some story to there music and making it  sound good to.  If you are not sure about buying this album, don't hesitate  get it!
B000001AJG|2.0|This Set is Mostly FOrgetable.Send One Your Love is a Classic but the Gems to Find Here are few&amp;far in Between.Come Back as a Flower is a Good Song.but nothing Overall here is on Par with Songs In The Key Of  Life.Stevie is a Great Genius but even a Genius has Duds and this one is  it.Skip it.
B000002U8G|5.0|This is the third time I've had to order this CD.  It seems to be very popular at Parties, because it never comes home with me.  That's about the best way to describe P/F's best album.  Keep your eye on this CD or someone  will make off with it, and Dark Side of the Moon for that matter, as well.
B000001Y9I|5.0|Purpendicular Waltz is pobably my favorite tune on this album.  Deep  Purple seems to have added a few extra years to their life with the new  blood of Steve Morse.  Sure some Deep Purple fans may say that it's not the  same without Blackmore, but I feel they have progressed and are now finally  going to stop spinnig their creative wheels.  Blackmore leaving this time  is the only way I feel that DP could have gone on.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is &quot;Da Bomb&quot;. I had bought it for the title  &quot;Higher&quot; but was blown away by the other outstanding songs. I  totally disagree with anyone who says this CD is bad because it's not. IT  ROCKS!!!!
6305750750|4.0|Star Wars is no different.  And the much anticipated Phantom Menace does well at delivering the classic action we've all come to expect from George Lucas.  As well as telling the heartwreching story of a sympathetic Anakin  Skywalker.  My only really gripe with this film is the lack of certain  character involvement.  Ewan McGregor was wasted as Obi-Wan Kenobi, and I  expected much more from someone that sounded and looked as menacing as  Darth Maul.  The annoying Jar Jar Binks get twice as much screen time as  either one of these characters and they're much more essential to the  telling of the story.  If it hadn't been for Yoda, I probably wouldn't have  waited in line for hours just to get tickets.  Still the action does  deliver a punch that will knock you out of your seat.
B00000INEX|5.0|We started with Baby Mozart, which absolutely mesmerized our 6-month old son, and promptly bought Baby Bach, Baby Einstein and Baby Shakespeare.  I'd say Baby Einstein holds his interest a little less than the others  (it's more talk than music), but he really seems to enjoy them all.  Some  people seem not to like Baby Bach as much as the others, but our son is no  less enthusiastic about it than the others -- in our opinion, it's just as  well made and the toys are just as interesting (plus, we like Bach!)  I  don't believe in parking my child in front of the TV, but it is so helpful  to be able to put him in his high chair, start this video, then be able to  go prepare his dinner, throw a load of laundry in, take a shower --  whatever -- and know that he'll be perfectly content for the next half  hour, with the added bonus that it's stimulating, educational and acquaints  him with some great music at an early age.  I commend the woman who came up  with the idea for, and created, these videos and wish I'd thought of it  myself.
0375707972|2.0|Its fast, its brisk, its well written and it could have been about cardboard cut-outs. The characters are not human beings but plot elements. Michael our deeply boring narrator is involved with a much older woman then  he, Hanna. At first I thought she was a person of few words, but as the  book progressed I came to realise that Hanna's lack of depth is deliberate,  so that her judgement would be more of a philsophical, theoretical issue  rather then about a character that we have come to care about. She is not a  character, but a plot element to provide our narrator with a moral dilemma.  By the time the second half the second half of the book rolls around we are  reading about a trial of a person we hardly know and morally dillema of a  passive, weak and humorless young man. Even when the author hints at  character complexities as the Michael's relationship with his father, he  immediatly withdraws back to his plot thread and the not very original  philosophical ramblings about the holocuast. It would be more rewarding  (and definitly more moving) to read a historical book about WW2. Inspite of  the extremely negative tone of this review there is something to be said  for the pace and simplicity of this novel. But by the time the end of this  novel comes around you're be feeling lousy, unmoved and not very  illuminated.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|This is the ultimate combination of comedy and science fiction.  Never has a movie produced more memorable one-liners.  The story of a modern day &quot;S-Mart&quot; clerk who is thrown back in time to do battle with an  army of the dead, this movie has it all.  Humor, romance, stirring battle  scenes and  more laugh-out-loud moments than can be counted.  I first saw  this movie in the theater when it was released (the trailer which can be  seen on the DVD version drew me in).  I did not see the first two movies in  the series (Evil Dead and Evil Dead II) until after this one.  Now I am  hooked.  These three movies make as good a series of movies as any I have  ever seen (although, you could easily skip Evil Dead I, as much of it is  repeated in II, but that is another review), the Star Wars Triology  included.  Bruce Campbell has incredible comic timing. The supporting cast  includes the beautiful Embeth Davidtz, the sublime Ian Abercrombie, the  brilliantly funny Mark Burnley and even a brief cameo by Bridgette Fonda.  I would recommend the whole series, but this movie can stand alone.  Even  without the background of Evil Dead II, this movie is worth watching more  than once.  You will find yourself  rewinding over and over to catch the  line you just missed.  For all those who live to quote movie lines to thier  friends, this is as good as it gets.  Don't miss this movie.
0451160916|4.0|I found this book to be very engrossing and difficult to put down!  Although, I was a little dissapointed with the ending because it seemed to be a bit of an anti-climax to an otherwise gripping book.  Overall a very good read, though!  I would recommend this book to people who love Stephen  King!
0670880728|4.0|Helen Fielding captures the world of the single 30-something person who is constantly questioned about the validity of existence without a &quot;significant other.&quot; Relating to characters is very important to me when reading a book, and I saw pieces of myself, friends and family in  many of the colorful characters. This was an easy read and thoroughly  enjoyable. Looking forward to seeing what The Edge of Reason has in store  for Bridget!
B000000WFU|5.0|I'm 17 yrs old and was introduced to Karl Jenkins music sometime ago. Since then we have bought the CD and the vocal score. I was delighted with both purchases. All my friends absolutely love the way that Karl Jenkins  uses vowel sounds instead of actual words in his music, and the dry forte  that he uses in parts to represent or simulate an ethnic feel. We all have  our favorites in the Songs of Sanctuary, and these include all of them.  Each one of the movements are individual to each other, some being fast and  some being slow, but all of them have a magical feel to them. It is a must  for people who like dramatic music, as images form in the mind of whatever  you feel like.
B00001ZULV|4.0|That is what this cd is titled.  It isn't titled &quot; Obscure recordings from the 70's that weren't popular because only real musicians appreciate so called &quot;progressive&quot; music&quot;  Face it people Genesis with  Gabriel up front was a cult band making inferior music with an annoying  sound. They became a much better band to hear when Phil took the lead  vocals.  Collins even said it himself that supposed hard core Genesis fans  from the early days (all 200 of them) probably stick pins in his likeness.  What gives people the right to assume that because they liked a band before  the band became popular that they somehow are superior to other folks?   What gives you that moral standing to judge others?  Everyone who posts  here claims they are &quot;out of the mainstream&quot;  What a joke.  What  does that mean?  All Hits cd's leave stuff out that's a given.     Maybe  the band got better as they got more popular, ever consider that  possibility? Noooooo of course not.... after all once a band sells 5  million albumns instead of 50,000 they must stink because after all they  are now conforming to the musical tastes of the &quot;mainstream&quot;.   I'll say it again: a hits CD for Genesis with Gabriel up front would be  maybe 2 songs.  Phil made this band relevant.  Enough of the self serving  self righteousness already.
B000001EIA|5.0|Many people scoffed when KISS signed on to do Unplugged.  What we heard  was a great set of music from a great set of entertainers.  The playing is  tight, the vocals sound great!  The reunion started here, and Ace and Peter  were in great form.  2000 Man was a real bright spot.  You wanted the best  and you got the best!
B000031EGV|4.0|Screen favorite Robin Williams (Mrs. Doubtfire) faces bigger-than-life jungle dangers in the entertaining 1995 fantasy adventure \\"Jumanji\\". In 1969, young Alan Parrish finds a mysterious jungle-themed board game and is magically vanished to the incredible jungle world of Jumanji. 26 years later, two unsuspected children (Kirsten Dunst & Bradley Pierce) freed the now adult Alan Parrish (Williams) and unleash the rampaging beasts and fierce dangers of Jumanji upon their quiet New England town. Based on the best-selling children's book, \\"Jumanji\\" is an exciting fast-paced fantasy adventure for the whole family. Director Joe Johnston effectively combines elements of adventure, fantasy and humor for an enchanting movie spectacle. Its clever storyline and appealing characters are certainly amusing. The blockbuster fantasy adventure contains some great special effects and thrilling moments but a few visual effects weren't quite polished. The cast also includes Bonnie Hunt, Bebe Neuwirth, Jonathan Hyde and David Alan Grier.<br /><br />\\"Jumanji\\" Collector Edition is a vast improvement over the previous bare-bones edition. The 1995 smash hit is presented in 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen format. The DVD has an impressive video transfer with great sharpness and nice detailed colors. Its clear Dolby Digital 5.1 sound delivers some dynamic surround effects. The Collector Series DVD features the 20-minute \\"Making of Jumanji\\" documentary and \\"Lion and Tigers and Pods, Oh My\\" and \\"Bringing Down the House\\" featurettes that take a behind-the-scenes look at special effects and production of the film. Other DVD extras include three storyboards, photo galleries, theatrical trailers and an informative audio commentary with FX supervisor Ken Ralston. The interactive menus look pretty good. Overall, \\"Jumanji\\" Collector's Series earns a \\"B\\".
B00000J7J4|1.0|Although Santana is a good guitar player, the only reason this CD got air play and won loads of Grammys it didn't deserve is because (a) lots of pop stars to grab the young audience, and (b) the guy has been doing this for  40 years, and the Grammys are awards reserved for washed up veterans who  try to mount a comeback, or for new bands that will only have one good song  (the Oscars do the same thing: see Topsy-Turvy). The songs are an unrealted  mess, in which each track was made for the sole purpose of selling CDs, not  because of any musical value.
6301008960|5.0|a great ,story line about the experiences we've all faced.  No matter what high school you attended you had a cindi mancini and ronnie. a great candidate for movie of the 80's.  The &quot;nerd herd,&quot; jocks, and  cheerleaders make this a must see realistic film about what takes place in  every high school.  If you liked Some Kind of wonderful, pretty in pink,  breakfast club, and sixteen candles you'll love this flick!
B000005J56|5.0|This disc is quite possibly the best mix of traditional cuban styles you will ever hear. For those of you who don't speak spanish, (like myself), the words are translated for you. You end up learning the words anyway  because you will listen to this disc a thousand times and never get tired  of hearing it. Just by the disc!
B00000JPYQ|5.0|...the more I realize that these guys were ON that night.  The first two songs make the album sound a bit disjointed because there is not keyboards that I can here and they didn't really take place in Chicago.  But OMG,  I've never heard a live album reproduce the studio tracks THIS GOOD in my  entire life...and they did no post production on it because Schenker left  the band right afterwards.  Michael Shenker's live guitar work is brilliant  and make most guitar work recorded in a studio sound like hack jobs.   Mogg's vocals are perfect.  The more I listen to this album, the more in  awe I am of their live performance that night.  Wow.
6300182770|4.0|I can't believe nobody knows about this film! This wonderful trip into violence on television really stuck in my mind a long time after viewing. James Woods is excellent as Max Renn, the cable station programmer who's  violent program lineup &quot;provides an outlet for the viewers  frustrations.&quot;  He believes his search for the perfect show is  complete when he accidentally taps into a program called 'Videodrome' on a  pirate satellite.  Mesmerized by the display of graphic violence, Max sets  out to find the person behind Videodrome, but not before it's deadly side  effect takes over his life.   This movie, althought semi-dated and cheesy  at moments, it quite visually spectacular and a top notch, ahead of it's  time psychological thriller, not to mention extremely graphic in a few  scenes. Definately worth seeing.
B0000028RR|4.0|This album has a lot of good songs on it. The best songs are Bullet In The Head, Killinng in The Name Of, and Freedom. This is thier best record. This is one of two albums that I can stand of the genre Rap/metal.
0060916540|4.0|Harrowing first person account of Joe Simpson's near-death while climbing in the Andes.  After breaking his leg and heel and falling into a crevasse he is left for dead.  He struggles out and crawls/hobbles miles into base camp where his climbing partners are preparing to break camp (after having  burned his clothes thinking he was dead!).<br />If you liked Krakauer's Into  Thin Air, you will like this.  If you like this genre read Alfred Lansing's  book on the Ernest Shackleton and the Endurance.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have seen many japanese anime movies but this is without a doubt the best! It beat out Akira and Ghost in the Shell which is a big deal to me! The animation was beyond belief and the plot was masterful! To people who  enjoy anime this is a must and for anyone else this is an animation  masterpiece that anyone will enjoy!
B00000DFMN|5.0|I'm not your typical Art of noise fan and most of the music contained within this album I cannot relate to...  What I can relate to is the song &quot;Moments in Love&quot; which I believe to be the one song which sets  the perfect mood for an erotic evening of passionate lovemaking with ones  mate.  For this reason only,I purchased this cd which contains the song  I've searched for over the past 4 years.  Perhaps I haven't given the rest  of the album a fair chance.  Maybe the fact that I felt Moments in Love was  so brilliant that the rest of the songs just didn't measure up to my high  expectations.  I'm sure the album is outstanding to many but for a  r&amp;b/rap/hip-hop listener like myself, this one track serves it's  purpose and I am completely satisfied with the album, even if I only listen  to one song.  For this reason I cannot accurately rate this entire album  (for it would be unfair for me to judge).  Since I am truly happy with the  purchase, I will offer 5-stars.  This is truly the greatest love song.
B000002LN9|4.0|Clapton played the Royal Albert Hall several times in 1989, 90, and 91.  Most of those shows were professionally recorded for this album, and after the death of Eric's son, Conor, in 1991, he went into a sort of seclusion,  leaving the decisions about this album to the producers.  <br />The result?   An album that compiles a nice little collection of performances but for  some nonsensical reason leaves off some of his best from that run.  Perhaps  my favorite version of &quot;Layla&quot; came from these shows, with a  long, orchestral-dressed opening leading into a fiery performance true to  the original recording.  Also gone is a marvelous performance of  &quot;Cocaine,&quot; perhaps the greatest version of &quot;Holy  Mother&quot; he ever played, and &quot;I Shot the Sheriff,&quot; which was  performed with a mesmerizing solo that led to a giant climax - certainly  his best ever performances of that song as well.  All that is gone.<br />But  all is not lost.  &quot;Badge,&quot; &quot;Bell Bottom Blues,&quot; and  &quot;Have You Ever Loved a Woman&quot; are reason enough to buy this  album.  The version of &quot;Wonderful Tonight&quot; released here is an  edited version of the live performances (which is too bad, because the  unedited version was outstanding), but is still good, albeit about the  millionth live release of &quot;Wonderful Tonight&quot; the public has  seen.<br />I usually stop &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot; about 5 minutes  into the song, I really don't see much of a point to that agonizing drum  solo.  I do have to give the producers a hand for this edit, however,  because the original live performance of this one was usually about 15  minutes long, with an annoying chant and crowd interaction sequence  following that drum solo.<br />Overall, still definitely a must-have.  But, as  seems to be the tradition in live albums, it could've been a whole lot  better.  Complete live performances from this run can easily be found  through RoIO trades, and I recommend those as well.
B00000AFHM|4.0|Beauty is one of the simplest words i can use to describe the complexity of this album and its songs.  Belle and Sebastion scored with me, and all fans on this one.  Their mix of folk/rock/euro-pop makes them an essential  to any music collector or fan.  I can't get enough of this band or this  album.  Check out Tigermilk (their debut) its just as good.      I can't  wait for the next Belle and Sebastian release!
B000002W9P|2.0|Especially on the US market, Helloween is best known for the kind of childish, clownesque heavy metal that they started making from this album onwards. Listening to this, it is hard to imagine that this band previously  recorded a classic speed metal album called &quot;Walls of Jericho&quot;.
B00003OSSL|1.0|If you were like me, you watched the preview for this movie and thought it was an exciting, mystery movie - not a dull, d r a w n o u t movie.<br />When Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas's respective partners die together  in a plane crash - Harrison Ford suspects an affair. I was planning on  finding out about the secret life of their partners and why the affair  started.  When it took nearly 45 minutes just for the two widows to find  out their partners were dead, I knew I was in trouble.  <br />This movie was  not worth sitting through, and more than once I reached for the stop  button. However,I figured I'd already invested enough time that it was  worth finishing it, but just barely.<br />If you want to see this movie, do  not plan on seeing something exciting (as the preview suggests), make sure  you are in the mood for a love story-which is way too long for its own  good.
0425152251|5.0|I do not see how the average rating for Sophie's World could be 4 stars. There is no way that Sophie's World is worth just four--I would have given it 6 stars if I could. <br />This is a beautifully deep and refreshing story  which captivated me from the beginning. It weaves a mysterious and delicate  plot around lessons on the deep points of western philosophy. But  beware--this book is not a textbook. It is a fascinating novel with a  fascinating plot. <br />After reading Sophie's world you are bound to feel  much fuller and more complete. I gained a new way to see life and a better  understanding of the universe. A great read.
1567184855|5.0|This book starts where most of the other of its kind stop.  Almost everyone knows about the &quot;Tunnel&quot;, the Light at the end of It, the Guides that await one after death, etc., but through methodic and unbiased research, Michael Newton almost proves to the non-initiated that  everyone human being on this planet has lived before.  The only drawback  however is that he doesn't say how reach these &quot;inner worlds&quot;  while still living in a human body.... fortunately, I have found other  books that do exactly that.  For instance, Harold Klemp's Soul Travellers  of the Far Country, or Paul Twitchell's The Key to the Secret Worlds open  anyone who has a genuine desire to &quot;explore his/her inner worlds&quot;  CONSCIOUSLY !   I tried the techniques, and I was able to see some of my  past-lives for myself... no, I can't prove it to anyone, but you sure can  prove it to yourself!<br />I just hope Michael Newton writes a sequel... I'll  buy a case of them which I will give to family and friends without a doubt!
B000002579|5.0|It's hard to believe that the band doesn't get any respect from the  industry or the critics for that matter.  I actually saw a Music critics  review of this album once where he gave it a terrible, scathing review and  on the next page praised the music of KC and the sunshine band! All I have  to say about this album is that from begining to end is simply an  incredible musical experience. Steve Walsh (One of the best vocalists ever  in Rock &amp; Roll) gives perhaps his best performance on this record.  Kerry Livgren wrote some of his best compositions here - a rock/classical  mix combined with thought provoking lyrics. ( The Wall &amp; Cheyenne  Antheme being the two standouts.)  If you're a Newbie, I recomend this  album as well as Point of Know Return to begin with.- But anything by  Kansas is Great, especially when you compare it to most of the current  bands out there-  Don't get me wrong, I like some of the new music that's  out right now, but they lack the talent and musicianship of these guys. I  heard on Rockline, that the six founding members are currently recording an  all new album with all new tracks!!! released this Summer!! A must have for  any True Kansas Fan!! Nuff said.
0385495315|4.0|A common error occurs in the book: not ENIGMA(USA 1945) as most people believe, not COLOSSUS(UK 1943) as Singh claims, but Z3(Germany 1941) has been the first programmable computer. If you come to Munich, you can see a rebuilt of this maschine in the &quot;Deutsche Museum&quot;.<br />Some  militairs were interested to use it for cryptography as well but it did not  come to such an application in WW2.<br />Some technical data of Z3: 2000  relais, floating point arithmetic (22 Bit), memory: 64 words<br />Velocity: 3  seconds for multiplication, division or square root
B0000047CX|5.0|It's great to see this album remastered. When Joo Gilberto released his first single in Brazil, in the ides of 1956, some people were shocked. &quot;Who is this guy singing like a ventriloquist?&quot; But the strange  sounding guy rapidly conquered the local audiences and soon was being  listened with interest abroad. He was the essence of bossa nova, non  emphatic, cool, lyrical, and with a different beat which he created  practically alone. It was samba reduced to its bare essentials.  The  encounter between bossa players who loved jazz and jazz players who were  discovering the new Brazilian rhythm did not take long to happen, and when  it did it lasted for years and produced literally hundreds of records. This  Getz/Gilberto date is in my opinion one of the best fruit of that crop, a  classic of a golden age of popular music. Old timers like me who bought the  first release of this album when it was really an album, a LP, can only  hope that it will be equally enjoyed by the younger generation of CD music  lovers: if they love music they will love it!
6305132984|4.0|I highly suggest this movie to anyone.  It is adorable.  Sure, it is boring at times, but bare with it, you won't regret it.  It is my favourite cinematic production of Shakepeare's Romeo and Juliet.  Rent this movie at  least, if not...but it, you won't regret it, I promise.  The dancing and  the music is so great. P.S. For those of you get restless with this movie,  fast forward the slow songs or the ones you are not interested in.
B0000027I6|5.0|Roger Waters appeared in the Philadelphia area in August of '99. It was, by far, the best concert I've ever attended. This includes seeing four Gilmour-Floyd shows on the &quot;Delicate Sound&quot; and &quot;Pulse&quot;  tours. No, the Waters show DID NOT have the props and extravaganza of the  Gilmour shows - but the MUSIC was the major selling point. The band  presented the material with confidence and authority, and Waters looked  like he was a teenager again... He was actually HAVING FUN. Taking in mind  that he always portrayed the serious- &quot;I'm  mad-at-the-world-artist-type\\"  - it was quite refreshing seeing him openly  ENJOYING the music. This attitude in no way deterred the band from  \\"capturing the intensity\\" of the songs...My fingerprints are probably still  embedded in the seat...<br />This disc provided much of the material at that  show. Buy it. Learn it. Cherish it. ...And see the Water's show the next time  it comes to your area. At that point, it will ALL MAKE PERFECT SENSE.
B00003W8NM|4.0|I really thought that the first 2 hours of this film were terrific, I loved the humor, acting{Brad Pitt and Ed Norton amaze me}, cinematography, dialogue, and social commentary aspect that it really posseses. However,  the twist ending nearly ruined what could have been a very powerful,  meaningful, commentary that would have gone down as the defining film for  the late 90's..However, I still love it very much..I think the ending just  kills a lot of the power and meaning
B00003003R|5.0|i bought this album more out of desperation for any new release than anything else. i would have bought anything gnr released. but when i put it on i was reminded of how great a band they were and still could be. i saw  the band live a couple of times  and although there is undeniable studio  polish songs like welcome to the jungle and mr brownstone still have the  rawness and edge that made gnr such an awsome live band
B00002R0MC|5.0|Simply put, this box set showcases all of Bob Marely's talents.  This compliation is an amazing work that will expose the listener to the incredible variety of Bob's work.  From his early Ska roots, through his  discovery of Rastafarianism, and ending with his protest songs of the late  1970s and early 1980s, the set brings you the best of his best.  <br />The  accompanying liner notes offer insightful explanations of the songs and the  stories and photographs are as unique as they are enlightening.  The only  way you'll learn more about Bob is by reading his biography.  <br />If you are  at all even a remote fan of Marley and/or reggae, these CDs will show you  what defines the genre.  Saying the box set is a must have is  understatement!
B00003CWPR|4.0|Stanley Kubrick's final film is truly one of mystery and intrigue. Eyes Wide Shut was a deep journey of one man's darkest thoughts and the surroundings that beckoned him into his sexually frustrating situation.  Every scene is intricately done, with each character taking his/her full  fifteen minutes in front of the camera. As I progressed further and further  into the core of this dreamlike drama, I found myself wanting more and more  of this intoxicating film. The best part of this movie is its wide  interpretation left for the viewer to fill. If you watch Eyes Wide Shut,  come with an open mind and be ready for a deep analysis that will make you  appreciate this film's content.
B00000JPYD|5.0|One of the premier guitar albums of all time! Spacy, funky numbers along  with mellow cuts and straight rockers make this a must have for Trower fans  and for anybody that appreciates great guitar work.  Great vocals by James  Dewar also.  One of those albums you'd take with you to the proverbial  deserted island...
6305696071|4.0|I just recently purchased the 10th Anniversary edition of Pretty Woman. Of course, I watched it the first night I had it home. Once again I was impressed by the charisma of Roberts and Gere. They are splendid together.  Julia Roberts: a funny, vibrant actress. Her laugh is almost contageous.  The scene when Gere snaps the top of the necklace holder on her hand is  great. Gere: Smug, but likeable. They simply work well together. Other  movies I would reccomend are, &quot;It Could Happen to You.&quot; This is  also very predictable, but a good movie. Also, &quot;The Story of Us&quot;  is another good movie. Check them both out.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This CD brings back so many memories of High School and college for me  that it's hard for me to disassociate it from those events, but it is  simply one of my favorite CDs of all time.  Every time I hear it I find  myself just singing along and pretending to play my air guitar.  I still  love this CD better than the Pumpkins most recent works, mainly because I  think the ratio of good songs on here is much higher.  The lyrics are  wonderful and the music couldn't be much better.  This is a definite must  buy for any CD collection.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This movie is the best one by far. This film showcases the best talents of each boy. This was the first movie or video or anything of the Backstreet Boys that I had ever seen, and it definitaly made me come back for more! It  has their hit songs from the first ablum, and the boys have the most  awesome moves you have ever seen! Plus there is a little suprise when they  sing Quit Playing Games(With my Heart)... HHHHMMMMmmmmm...
B00004LN16|4.0|ah......the return of the bad boys of metal.AC-DC returns with their best effort since for those about to rock.Every cuts a winner with the same high  voltage rock we've come to expect.AC-DC still does songs of  rock,women,partyin hard,and women!  (hey what else)a funny twist of a song  about the dangers of the Big Apple(safe in New York). all in all one of  their best with Brian Johnston.Angus still has the chops on guitar, with  brother malcolm playing rythym. This album also marks the return of drummer  Phil Rudd, back for his second tour of duty with the band. If your a AC-DC  fan check it out and pick up a copy.BTW/ did you know that AC-DC now lives  in the Southwest Florida area of Ft.Myers, Florida? Angus has a house on  the exclusive and beautiful Sanibel Island and Bassist Cliff Williams lives  in nearby Cape Coral,Florida.Sometimes you'll see Cliff at the neighborhood  Wal-mart.My hometown.
B000002JOH|4.0|The C.D. is quiet nice. Although seeing some of the songs on video makes them seem better. My favourite song is 'this love'. I like the way it starts off, really low and then 'BOOM', all of a sudden hard core bangs !   Really cool.
0786915749|2.0|It's been a while since I've read these books, but I think I can still safely say that no, this is no J.R.R. Tolkien. What starts off as a potentially exciting beginning gets steadily worse with each passing chapter of each passing book. If you like the idea of sitting in on someone  else's Dungeon and Dragons adventures then by all means read this. If you  listen carefully you can hear the dice rolling off the table.
6305750750|2.0|Trying to review this film is difficult.  One has to think of how children would view it and how adults would view it.  I know I would love this film if I was a very young kid (4-8 years old, maybe). There are plenty of  things to keep children of that age group enthralled.  This film also had a  task of keeping the millions of Star Wars fans who have since grown  up(physically, anyway)interested. This could have been the case but, and I  know that so many fans will never admit this-it didn't succeed. Compare it  to the other episodes all you want.  Sure, all of them have bad acting and  questionable plots but the characters in episodes IV, V, and VI had some  chemistry and you actually cared about them, even after just the first  movie. This movie doesn't have that.  I would have forgiven the  mind-numbingly idiotic Jar Jar Binks (Kids hate him too, don't be fooled),  if there were characters that made you care for them and root for them. At  this point I wouldn't have cared if Darth Maul had miracled himself back to  life at the end and cut everyone in half(the queen, Obi-wan, C3PO, Anakin,  and especially Jar Jar-Off with their heads! ), making for  Highlander-esque continuity. There is a reason that this film competed for  the dubious Rasberry Award for the worst film of the year. That is how the  grown-up world rates this film, but let the kids enjoy their film for now.  A great many will grow up and hate it, much like many Star Wars fans did  when they watched Return of the Jedi later in life and realized how stupid  the Ewoks were.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This album is a guilty pleasure of mine.  It is probably not a great album  artistically and even some of the rhymes seemed forced at times, but  nonetheless I really like this album.  Maybe it's some of the lyrics which  make me laugh inside, maybe it's that the sound really gets me going at  times, I'm not sure.  Re-arranged is definitely one of my favorite tracks  and I think it probably has some of the most artistic merit going for it  for this whole album.  Overall I think this CD is worth the price of  admission.
6305531374|1.0|I'm a fan of Jamie Lee Curtis and so I bought this and while the movie was ok for being what it was, a tribute sequel to a successful long-running horror series as well as a tribute to the horror thriller genre (the scene  between Jamie and her mother, famous for Pyscho was excellent!)<br />For the  cost of the DVD and what it represents, I expected MUCH more in the way of  extras. In fact, the box advertises a commentary but doesnt actually have  it! I returned my copy because of this and will not buy this movie again  unless it's released as a special edition or as part of a box set like the  Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
0783240503|1.0|Once upon a time, when you bought &quot;the video of a show&quot; you received, &quot;the video of a show.&quot;  <BR> <BR> Not any more. <BR> <BR> I do not know what this is.  The closest relative it would have is an  MTV music video --  and who wants to see one that is an hour and a half  long.  <BR> <BR> Save your money to go to a revival of Joseph.  <BR> This  is one to miss.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|i had never heard anything by Rage before I got this album, so i can't compare it to there past works. However, after hearing it, i guarantee that i will be buying rage from now on.  this is one of the best albums i have  ever heard. the music seems a little simplictic when heard by a  zepplin\pearl jam fan but the lyrical poetry laid out in such an intense  way more than makes up for that
0871918145|5.0|This is a really cute and funny book (as all of Roger Hargreave's Mr Menand Little Miss books).<br />Mr Bounce's problem is not being able to do anything without bouncing. Buy the book and see how he got help! Also I enjoy reading this.
020530902X|5.0|Anyone who even thinks about wanting to write should have this book on the nighttable, or within easy reach of brief periodic readings. There are no opinions here, only straightforward, &quot;this is how it is&quot; rules and anecdotes of English instruction. The underlying point, like all good English books, is that there really is no new way to say, &quot;it is,&quot; although overuse of &quot;be&quot; is a detriment to vivid writing.  Rather, the point is certain words and expressions fade out and must eventually be replaced, such as &quot;thee&quot; and &quot;thou.&quot;  The English language, like all human languages, change over time, but some standards must remain.  The use of plurals, capitalization, gerunds, prepositions, and so on, will still be the same.<br />This book can be read cover to cover in less than four hours by an &quot;average&quot; reader, and after several more passes, the what was once forgotten rule becomes a part of memory. It is enjoyable to read because there are no tests.  This book helped also me to write better.  Before I would sit at my computer for a writing session, I would have the cadence of &quot;The Elements of Style&quot; going through my head.  This book should be on the shelf of any would-be author, editor, word processor or office supervisor.  Get it, read it, memorize it. Learn the basics before you move on to more complex pieces of writing. You will become more confident for having done so, and your readers will be able to tell.
6304711875|1.0|Scream brought us little shocks and no nudity.  The most popular slasher movies, A Nightmare On Elm Street, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and Friday the 13th all had creative death sequences, which are important  in slasher movies. They also brought us very SHOCKING material. And often  nudity. They were not afraid to stand up to the plate and deliver what they  were supposed to.  Unfortunately, the '90s were a politically correct time,  where many slasher movies were nervous about showing, gore, nudity and such  else. Scream, I respect for delivering a reignition in the genre, but it  doesn't deliver what the '80s crowds went to see, except for the slashings  of course. Wes Craven is noticeably softer here than ever before. He's  unfortunately not given the audiences shocks that will be talked about for  years. Last House On The Left was extremely shocking and A Nightmare On Elm  Street has some of the most elaborate death scenes in slasher history. And  if Kevin Williamson would have watched more than just a hand full of  slasher movies, it would have been given more fun material I believe. And  if he did watch more than a hand full of slasher movies, he should have  thrown much more stuff in. The classics like the Friday the 13th series,  Nightmare On Elm Street series, and Halloween series remain uneclipsed by  present slasher movies. Thankfully, it looks like Scream has boosted life  back into the '80s horror rather than the '90s horror, seeing how the  Scream-imitations are slowly dying down and Jason X, Freddy vs. Jason, Seed  Of Chucky, Hellraiser 5 and others are on the way.
B000002IU9|5.0|What can I say....I love this record. It's the best album by the Kings of Metal and and an absolute must if you love heavy metal. The only part I didn't like were the couple crappy parts in the middle of 'Achilles...',  but everything else was just awesome. I'd give this one 6 stars if it were  possible!
0790729342|5.0|This was Melvin Gibson's finest film.  Though he later starred in some mega-dollar, Oscar-quality hits (Bird on a Wire, The River), The Road Warrior represented the absolute pinnacle of Melvin's acting career.  The  first movie, I think, in which Melvin's voice was not dubbed (so as to  render his heavy Outback accent decipherable to American viewers), The Road  Warrior showcased Melvin's full theatrical range - talking, frowning,  walking, and driving vehicles.  Melvin demonstrated an unparalleled ability  to bond empathetically with other characters - his dog, the helicopter  pilot and the Feral Kid - in a fashion calculated to bring tears (both joy  and grief) to one's eyes.  The Road Warrior is, for thespian Melvin Gibson,  an extremely hard act to follow.
6300268470|2.0|RIO BRAVO has achieved cult status, mostly because of the auteur nonsense attached to anything Howard Hawks did -- as long as it dealt with professionals carrying out their duties! This film is shallow, lazy, and encumbered with a truly embarrassing performance from Angie dickinson --  admittedly, she was hamstrung by truly awful dialogue.
6305546789|5.0|Why the AFI's 100 list didn't include slasher classic Halloween, I don't know. But, I'm not going to dwell too much on it, there was about a billion great films missing from the AFI list.  Other horror movies like A  Nightmare On Elm Street, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Night Of The Living  Dead (1968) and Night's sequel Dawn Of The Dead were not included on the  AFI list. But I know these movies are GREAT anyway, so I won't dwell too  deeply on the subject. Halloween, was a film I recently watched for the  first time in a while. Though I have seen it thousands of times.  But when  I watched it a few days ago, it boosted back on top of my favorite John  Carpenter films.  This movie really is a masterpiece. It has very clever  scares, shocks and memorable scenes that will be around forever. Scream  really did lack a lot of this stuff. The '90s are for sure filled with many  horror films that lack memorable scenes.<br />John Carpenter created such a  great musical score  and knew when and when not to play it. It really is a  SAD, SAD thing that Carpenter is so dis-respected by many in his country.  Because he's a natural genious. If you want my opinion, I think he's better  than Hitchcock. I really do. Halloween starts off with the beyond-infamous  score, that will never ever be un-hummed by horror fans. And then we slowly  make our way into the nightmare where Michael Myers haunts Laurie Strode  (Jamie Lee Curtis) who we find out is Michael's sister in Halloween II. One  of my favorite scenes is when we see Michael by the closet, rise to reveal  he's not dead for the second time in the film. There are so many GREAT  scenes in Carpenter's greatest. The story of an escaped mental patient  stalking babysitters gives viewers great mindsets. Halloween has made its  way back, to being, one of my favorite horror films ever!
0800177363|5.0|This is one of the best films ever
0553565915|5.0|This was an excellent book and a fabulous read.  The author was extremely good with detail and I felt like I didn't miss a beat.  I could visualize her experience as if I was there.  This book will offer hope to anyone who has lost a loved one.  I no longer fear the afterlife.
6301208773|5.0|Die Hard was totally awesome!   Bruce Willis was amazing, and so was Alan Rickman.  The action was great!  So dramatic!
B00003OSTQ|5.0|This movie is wonderful, and a must-have for all Faye Dunaway fans.  Faye Dunaway gives an Oscar-winning performance as the crazed, manic Diana Christensen, the programming director at a fourth-ranked national  television station, and she is only one of several leading, great  characters, including Peter Finch and William Holden.  A great, fabulous  script, great direction, and an awesome cast.  Shockingly funny at times  about what a network will do to boost its ratings, but turns out to be  largely true today.  This movie is somewhat dated, but its messages are  clear and have largely turned out to be correct today.
0788811363|4.0|The English Patient is a complex, multi-layered movie, one that doesn't telegraph every emotion or write its characters' motivations on their foreheads. I suppose it's possible that it might lose casual viewers, given  those qualities; I wouldn't know, because I find it mesmerizing.<br />A whole  lot of things are right about this movie.<br />First off, from the very first  moment of the credits the soundtrack is among the most distinctive and  engaging you'll ever hear. The Marta Sebastyen folk song at the beginning  is woven through the story; it, like the rest of the music, touches on the  movie's subtexts (about personal and national identities, for example). The  music mirrors the movie; it keeps turning things around and showing you  sides you didn't expect.<br />The acting is wonderful. Leaving alone Ralph  Fiennes and Kristin Scott Thomas, the secondary roles are filled by people  like Colin Thomas (who's flawless by the way). Juliette Binoche, who in my  mind was much more than a supporting actor in this film, is incapable of  hitting a false note. (Well, figuratively speaking, anyway. Forget that  piano...)<br />Some of the criticism of the romance in English Patient strikes  me as missing the movie's voice. This film doesn't pander, it doesn't  overtell the obvious. I think some of the people saying they aren't  convinced by Scott Thomas are just impatient with the unconventional story  form, and miss things about her performance because they want it all handed  to them. (If you like that, hey, there are plenty of heavy handed movies  you could check out instead. Go watch something in which everyone describes  their emotions as they're having them -- say, an episode of Sisters on  Lifetime.)<br />The historical setting is lavish. It certainly isn't a gritty  documentary sort of a thing, things are gorgeous to look at, but then this  sort of movie is supposed to be visually stunning. Out of Africa struck me  much the same way -- sort of a &quot;heightened realism for the  movies&quot; deal.<br />Above all else The English Patient is literate and  intelligent, and I think it demands those qualities in its  audience.<br />There's a catch. I've run into a few people who read the book  first and who were disappointed in the movie. This isn't Michael Ondaatje's  novel, it's an adaptation. I personally enjoyed them both, but I'd warn you  not to start up this tape with the expectation that it hit every note in  the book. (And hey, if you read the book, how did you expect it to be  adapted perfectly to film anyway?)<br />Finally, I'd say the wide screen  version is the only one. If you like to fill the TV screen, buy a wide  screen TV.realism for the  movies&quot; deal.<br />Above all else The English Patient is literate and  intelligent, and I think it demands those qualities in its  audience.<br />There's a catch. I've run into a few people who read the book  first and who were disappointed in the movie. This isn't Michael Ondaatje's  novel, it's an adaptation. I personally enjoyed them both, but I'd warn you  not to start up this tape with the expectation that it hit every note in  the book. (And hey, if you read the book, how did you expect it to be  adapted perfectly to film anyway?)<br />Finally, I'd say the wide screen  version is the only one. If you like to fill the TV screen, buy a wide  screen TV.
0812551508|3.0|Mary Shelly's Frankenstien was not at all what I expected it to be. The book is plagued with so much emotion. Throughout the book there is neglect, the desire to belong and be accepted, revenge, and consiquences. The story of the monster's experiences himself almost bring a tear to your eyes. You  discover that all the monster ever wanted was to be loved and accepted. To  summarize the book briefly would do it injustice; the  entire book from  begining to end offers so much to be learned.
0385484518|4.0|This book is an enjoyable read.  It is packed with meaning and emotion.  There is so much that can be learned from Morrie's words and life.  I highly recommend this book to people of all ages, especially those who have forgotten to stop and smell the roses.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Since I saw the trailer I knew it was the kind of film I must see... I didn't make a mistake.This film is THE BEST film I ever seen! I love every moment, every scene, every character... It's extremely perfect made, it's  also original, suprising... and BEAUTIFUL. When you have seen it, you  realize that every character has a human side; in the beginning they all  seem an stereothype but they aren't... They all have many BEAUTY inside,  the beauty which floats in the air of their world...  The music goes with  every feeling of them; it all is a great show of divine grace. It's the  perfection taken to the screen. And, to end my great review... What can I  say about the most talented, charming and VERY VERY BEAUTIFUL man in the  world? With Kevin, there aren't words enough to tell all the BEAUTY he has  in-and-outside. I love him as I love the film... a film I keep inside as a  treasure.
B000021XS0|5.0|Forget about all of the negative reviews, this album is incredible.  It is too bad that people can always find something to criticize, but find it hard to commend good work.  This is by far Dream Theater's best work to  date; truly the product of amazing musicianship.  If you are interested in  this album, read about how it was created.  You'll be quite impressed I am  sure.  The album offers a wide variety of style and dynamics.  It is fast  enough to get your heart racing, yet calm enough, at times, to soothe the  mind.  Lyrics are well written and well tied together, despite the fact  that they were written by multiple members with minimal group  collaboration.  As always, the instrumentals are technical and quite  ellaborate.  There is no need to debate this purchase, IT IS A MUST HAVE!
B00000JGHS|1.0|If anyone knows, please send me an email or something.<br />The scenario: Demi Moore takes her clothes off to earn money to support her daughter. <br />The plot: some half baked conspiracy twist not worthy even of Starsky  and Hutch. <br />The acting and script: about level with that of Starsky and  Hutch. <br />It was not interesting, there was no real suspense. It was most  certainly not erotic or even slightly arousing and it wasn't funny either.
B000002HAF|5.0|the first full length pixies album i bought, and definitely a great piece of lyrics, distortion, and yelling.  The usual pixies themes, mutilation and obsession.
6303891896|3.0|Do they have the videotape &quot; visit fabulous las vegas 2000 millennium?
B000000W6R|5.0|If you liked the heavier pumpkins( Mellon Collie, Siamese Dream, and Gish ) then this c.d. is a must- have for all the pumpkin fans out there The heavier songs on this album include; Plume, Frail and Bedazzled, Hello  Kitty Kat, and Pissant.  This c.d. combines the elegance of Billy Corgan,  with the metallic sound of someone like Marilyn Manson.  The Pumpkins have  been a fan of mine for a year and a half, and I've never been disappointed  by any of their songs so far.  They please me because they're not a band  that uses heavy, profane, language, and a sence of out of control, however,  they replace it with a sence of beautiful, artistic expression.  Billy  Corgan has redefined the meaning of the word &quot;Rock&quot;
6305807086|5.0|If you haven't seen this film yet then go see it now, or better yet buy it!  There's probably never going to be another film like this made.<br />John Cusack is magnificent as the troubled puppeteer and Cameron Diaz also  shines in an unusual non-glamorous role.  Malkovich is also wonderful as  the gloriously OTT thespian.<br />In an age of over-hyped summer blockbusters  starring box-office bankers such as Will Smith, this films stands out as a  masterpiece.
6300215741|5.0|Cary Grant was wonderful as always and Grace Kelly  lives up to her name. You can understand why she became the princess of Monaco soon after this movie. Hichcock is the master of suspence, watch for his scene, it is  rather comic. [He always puts himself breifly in his movies.] One thing I  found interesting was the young flicks playing hackey sac on the roadside  by their Citroen' to pass the time while following The Cat [Grant]. I had  imagined hackey sac to be a fairly recent American invention but it figures  that the French who gave us kickboxing would be doing it first. They likely  stole the idea from the Romans who got it from the Greeks... Well THAT was  a bit off But I really liked this movie and think you will too.
1573225517|5.0|I picked this up in anticipation of the movie and tore through it one rainy Sunday afternoon.  This is one of the best books that I've read in a good while.  I agree with the majority of the male reviewers that said that this book described them perfectly -- I'm not a man, but I think this book  helped me understand the ones in my life a little better.  I sent my copy  to a friend of mine who reminded me very much of Rob, and sure enough, he  not only agreed that he was like Rob, but he wanted to send copies to his  friends so they in turn would understand him better.  The movie is pretty  faithful to the book, but I urge everyone to read this at some point in  their dating lives. In the meantime, I'm buying another copy for myself  since my friend is keeping mine!
0783240503|5.0|I and my husband thought this was one of the best videos we had bought in a long time. Donny Osmond and Maria Friedman were absolutely amazing in their roles. I must say that Maria nearly stole the show as the narrator.  The sets and costuming were great. I had always wantedto see the stage  version but this was the next best thing.
0451169514|5.0|&quot;It&quot; was about seven people brought together by an evil spirit. People can relate to childish fears that are presented in this book. This book was so good that I couln't put it down.
B00004S35Z|5.0|This seems to be less highly regarded than &quot;Innervisions&quot; or &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot; by critics, but don't believe it for a second.  While the aforementioned may have hit higher highs than anything  on &quot;FFF&quot;, there is not a wasted moment on this disc.  Every song  is a classic. If anyone can think of a better succession of 70s albums than  &quot;Talking  Book&quot;&gt;&quot;Innervisions&quot;&gt;&quot;FFF&quot;&gt;&quot;Songs&quot;,  then I would sure like to know.  10 zillion stars.
0688062334|5.0|This is just my favorite book ever. Don't ask why- just read it. I'm always rereading this book again and again cause it's too good! And I always notice something new. This book is set in a world of fantasy where the words &quot;WElsh Rugby&quot; seem mysterious. A curse is made up of  John Donne's lovely poem, SONG (Go and catch a falling star), as the wizard  Howl, despite living in an imaginary world, comes from ours. THere are  wizards, witches, kings, spells, castles, fire demons, invisible cloaks,  seven-league boots, and much, much more! This book is not the least bit  boring and while kids enjoy it (as i did) so do adults (me again!)
6304711891|5.0|This is my second favorite action film ever next to The Matrix. I agree with the two other people who said this. The Rock has many excelllent things abut it. One is acting. Nicolas Cage is at his best here. He plays  chemical weapons expert Stanley Goodspeed who goes along with a group of  Navy SEALS to neutralize several VX poison gas rockets and take over  Alcatraz a.k.a The Rock. Sean Connery does an excellent job also and in my  opinion, does the best job of acting in this movie. He is British spy John  Mason whom the Americans have held illegally in a prison for over 3O years.  He is the only man to have ever escaped from Alcatraz. He goes along with  Cage and the SEALS. However, if you want to see better slightly Sean  Connery, check out Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade or some of his OO7  films such as Thunderball, Goldfinger, From Russia with Love, or You Only  Live Twice. Ed Harris does a great job as mentally disgruntled General  Hummel. He holds San Francisco  hostage and if the U.S. government does not  pay money to his dead soldiers' families, he will fire the rockets.  However, he ends up messing up the launch coordinates so the rocket goes  into the sea. He gets killed by one his own men. The action is very  spectacular in this film. There are several hand-to-hand fights and  gunfights at Alcatraz and a great car chase through San Francisco. Another  great thing is music. I loved the background music in this. This is a great  action movie. If you want to see other great action films, check out The  Matrix, Con Air, Air Force One, Crimson Tide, or Face/Off.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a must see for any movie fan - not just sci-fi fans.  This movie is a great combination of magnificent actors and a fabulous plot.  If that isn't enough, throw in the greatest fight scenes ever seen, the newest  awesome special effects, and incredible sound and you've got the best movie  of the year.  Don't miss this incredible movie and just remember,  &quot;there is no spoon.&quot;
6305750750|5.0|The bottom line: if you are a truly devoted Star Wars fan (such as myself), you will love the movie; if you are a fairweather or new fan you will appreciate it.  The brilliance of George Lucas resides in the  thickness and depth of the subject matter.  No one can watch this movie  only once and say they have an honest opinion.  I saw it twelve times in  the theatre and still want more!<br />SW:E1 boasts splendid special effects, a  ground-thumping score we've come to expect from John Williams, a delightful  array of new characters and dazling new worlds.  However, I feel that one  of Lucas' greatest triumph is his ability to deliniate the clear difference  between good and evil and do so in a clean manner.  Indeed, the violence is  not uneedlingly graphic, there are NO curse words and no sex or nudity, yet  EPISODE 1 will entertain and please both the family and the shoot-em-up,  bang-em-up action crowd. This is truly commendalbe.<br />Additionally, Lucas'  uncanny ability to take complex subjects (and even boring some would  say)like politics, religion, economics, international trade and  anthropology and convert them into  fantastic storylines is unparalleled.  This means that people from all walks of life can enjoy the movie.<br />By  most popular standards this would seem like a painfully dull and boring  movie (ie.no sex, no graphic violence and unappealing topics). On the  contrary, the Pod Racing scenes, the climactic lightsaber duel and the  three-way battle sequence should be more than enough to grip audience  attenion. My personal favorite was the lightsaber duel; you have never seen  anything like it (until Episode II of course)!<br />In closing, the entire  Star Wars saga is the quintisential embodiment of what a clean, great movie  (with an incredible storyiline) should be.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is great stuff; highly recommended to any heavy metal fan.
B000002OR4|5.0|A great soundtrack from a great movie. Anybody who loves movie scores must have this one. John  Williams and Istak Parlmen(one of the greatest violinists) have created one of the best soundtracks ever. I love this  sountrack.
B000006NPY|5.0|I never have understood why many critics and fans act as though this  release was a failure and not up to their other material.  When I first  heard the album I was a bit disappointed, but this feeling left me quickly.   &quot;Ava Adore,&quot; &quot;Perfect,&quot; &quot;Tear,&quot; &quot;Daphne  Descends,&quot; The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete&quot; are just some of  the highlights here.  It's true that this album lacks loud guitars and  angst-filled lyrics, but it was not really a time in the band's career when  those things seemed appropriate.  All the talk of this being a techno or  electronica album is also a mystery to me.  The band seemed to just want to  take a new direction with their music for a while, and not become the next  Moby or Chemical Brothers.  I enjoy &quot;Adore&quot; still today along  with &quot;Machina,&quot; &quot;Mellon Collie...,&quot; etc., and I hope  the Pumpkins experiment with new sounds like they did here again in the  future.
B00001R3GI|5.0|Led by &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;, this is a fantastic all-around CD. 5-stars.
B000000W6X|5.0|I didn't like this CD very much when I first bought it. I recently came back to it and now can't stop listening to it. It gets under your skin. Tracy Thorn's voice fits perfectly on &quot;Protection&quot; and  &quot;Better Things&quot;. &quot;Three&quot;, &quot;Weather Storm&quot; and  &quot;Sly&quot; are my favorite songs but, really, they're ALL good.  Massive Attack is so great, EVERYONE should own ALL of their albums -  spread the word, people.
0060282983|5.0|Can't imagine saying something about E.B. White's children's classic &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; that 148 others here (more around the world) have not. But experiencing it twice (having it read to me in fifth grade nearly 30 years ago, and reading it to my daughter recently) has allowed me  to greater appreciate the book's meaning and accomplishment.<br />Many  children will never experience life on a farm or visit a county fair (the  two major book settings). White and his illustrators picture that life  sensually and beautifully. The story of Wilbur (pig) and Charlotte's  (spider's)friendship, what she does to save him, the toll it takes on her,  and her eventual legacy, recalls the unconditional love mothers have for  their children. (Fern, the Arables' daughter who saves Wilbur's life at the  start, retreats from the storyline as her interest shifts from animals to  boys.)<br />All this is told amidst word backgrounds of warm summer days,  dank cellars, midways filled with discarded food and paper, cellar barns  filled by scents of straw, manure, and slops. (Who but White could've  described the leftovers fed to Wilbur and actually make them sound  delicious?)<br />White's gift for character also shows most interestingly in  the rat Templeton, who many may identify with. Tough, clever, self-serving,  defensive, but valiant in the end, he adds much needed sour spike to  essential scenes that may have otherwise been too sweet (his negotiation  with Wilbur over Charlotte's egg sac is one example) Templeton's  self-desciption at book's end of &quot;living for the pleasures of the  feast,&quot; summarize in a way what makes life and what we do for each  other in it worth the trouble. Essential reading for children and adults.
630521610X|2.0|This is a good as far as teenybopper movies go-but it most definitely will NOT go down as a classic.It barrows way too much from other better movies,including the movie that started it all-John Carpenter's  Halloween.Watch it if you like good movies-watch THIS if you you're looking  to kill some time.<br />   Problems:That costume is a bit dorky,making me want  to laugh rather than scream.<br />    Neve Campbell overacts from time to  time,and comes off as whiny.<br />    Do we really need yet another slasher  movie?Didn't think so.<br />     The gross over-use of pop culture refrences   to appear clever is enough to make anyone gag.<br />      <br /> The best thing  about this is the begining.the rest is just twenty-something actors trying  to act like teens,and doing an almost okay job,with an occasional  smattering of (obviously)fake gore here in there to please fans.
B000003BF1|5.0|This album is clearly one of the Stones' best and most cohesive efforts of that or any other era.  There are simply no throwaway tracks here- every piece stands alone and concurrently ties in the whole record.  One request,  though, to London Records- how about a 180 gram vinyl reissue?  This is  music that belongs in the analog form and the newer vinyl is too cheap and  flimsy to cut the mustard.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Enema of the state is a good album don't get me wrong, but I think this  one was more on the pop side than the punk side.I Like there other albums  better
6305784078|5.0|The Aristocats is a wonderful cartoon,those three  kittens are sweet and fluffy and Duchess is a real lady,maternal and noble just like Audrey Hepburn.
B000002ULO|5.0|I don't know exactly how a classic piece of music is defined, but I think in a song, a classic is a very delicate balance between the meaning of the words (the poetry of the lyrics) and the meaning of the melody.  The  balance is either just right, a bullseye, or it misses.  And I rate six  songs on this album as classics, with an additional three near classics.  Somedays, Calico Skies, Heaven on a Sunday, Souvenir, Little Willow, and  Beautiful Night are classics, while Song We were Singing, World Tonight,  and Flaming Pie are close. The rest of the songs are worth more than 90% of  what's winning Grammys today. Depending on your tastes, you may rank the  songs differently, but if you like McCartney at all, this is a brilliant  album. I don't agree with those who say McCartney &quot;wrote his last  classic&quot; in 1969, or 1984, or any other year.  He's just a classic  composer, whose work you can't afford to misplace.  As long as people love,  we will sing these songs.
B000024QML|5.0|This album shows the boys at their best. Having fun, and at the same time saying something deeper...<br />d e v o l u t i o n
0375703764|1.0|The concept of House of Leaves is an interesting one, but the execution is extraordinarily poor.  The writing is horrible, the characters are paper-thin, and some of the paraliterary conceits (or whatever they are) are so sophomoric I was actually embarrassed for the writer. Very much like  the house in the novel, this book is a huge, sprawling mess with exactly  nothing at its center.  Do not waste your time on this book.
B0000029DD|5.0|An album definable as a work of art.Buy this CD and be converted.Elegant but not pretty , sad but enlightening and organic.If you don't like this album you have no pulse.
630575067X|5.0|Excellant movie! I loved every minute of it all four times I saw it in the theatre. The special effects were awesome and the plot serves as a fine intro to the later (earlier?) three movies.<br />If you haven't seen it  yet......What are you waiting for!
0060922583|5.0|This book is better at explaining synchronicity than anything I am aware of.   It presents comprohensive evidence backing the theory, which validates many unprovable spiritual ideas.  It should be read by anyone unsure of the meaning of life.   A new dedicated website to promote the  book is needed, but url's don't belong here. Sand@HolographicUniverse.Net
B000000IVC|4.0|Perhaps you are Frampton fan who is denying the past. Perhaps you are  unwilling to deny the past. In either case, this Original Master Recording  by the now out-of-business Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab does rightful justice  to one of the most popular and exciting live recordings ever. This  particular MFSL release utilzes the company's Ultra Disc II, The Gain  System, process of mastering directly from the original master tape and  finalizing on a 24-karat gold CD. The resulting gain in fidelity proves  very noticable when compared to a standard CD release of the same material.  Even if you own other copies, this is the own to own while it is still  available.
6303014100|5.0|well i must say this is deffinately my favorite movie of all time. It is true that it lacks certain historical facts and character interpretations, however, as many have stated, this is a MOVIE..i dont know exactly what  people are looking for in renactment movies...i would give a million  dollars to anyone that could show me an even 1,000 mal-nutritioned white  males that could have played the confederate soldiers-common stop  knit-picking, the score was awesome-it follows the Killer Angels very well  (although the book has a good amount more detail), if you have no interest  in the civil war i guess you shouldnt watch because it really takes someone  with that interest to appreciate it fully..danke-oh yeah id like to throw a  shout out to Herr Steinkamp
0552137030|5.0|This book is great-very funny and entertaining, but also very intelligent in its criticism of religious beliefs.  Has a humanist look at life.  Highly recommended-read other reviews for plot summaries.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|I will not argue the merits of whether one cares for the music of the Bee Gees or not.  You either like them or you don't.  I would have to take great exception to other posts stating that the &quot;sound&quot; of this  recording is poor?  I have the DTS version.  For reference I also have  James Taylor Live at the Beacon Theater, Fleetwood Mac's The Dance as well  as The Eagles Hell Freezes Over.  Anyone that has heard any of these titles  is aware of the quality of each of those recordings.  The Bee Gees One  Night Only is every bit as good as any of the above listed titles.  The mix  between all 5 speakers is well balanced with a very light and open sound.  The mix between the front 3 speakers is very even and natural.  The rear  speakers are primarily for the ambient concert sounds, as they should be.  If you have this DVD and it does not &quot;sound right&quot;,  I would  suggest examining your 5 channel set up.
0767802519|5.0|Jean Reno (Leon) does an extremely fine job in portraying a lonely hitman that, other than his profession, is wallowing in mediocrity, loneliness, and boredom.  Enter a 12 year old dazzling comet.  Natalie Portman  (Mathilda) is everything Jean Reno's character is not: bright, lively, full  of life, flamboyent.  The story provides a poignant view of two people  learning  how to love and trust each other.  Luc Besson provides extreme  contrasts throughout the movie.  In one scene Leon is ironing his clothes  in a rather mundane way and the next he is leveling a whole retinue of a  drug lord's bodyguard.  All of this is contrasted with Gary Oldman's  character.  Oldman's over-the-top acting provides the offset for the  relatively quiet relationship developing between Leon &amp;  Mathilda.<br />There's enough action to satisfy American audiences.   Thankfully, Luc Besson did not include a lot of gore typical of American  films.  There's enough drama to attract drama fans; and, if one know's  where to look, there's comedy.<br />This movie is one of my favorites, and for  good reason.  I've rated it 5 stars, however, if I could, I would rate it  10 stars in a 5 star system!  Take a look, I don't think you will be  disappointed...
0784011176|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The acting is superb and before I never thought much about Harvey Kaitel, but since this movie, I don't miss anything he's in.
6305750750|2.0|I was expecting not to like this film alot because I feel Star Wars is maybe the best film of all time. But E-I was worse than I could ever have dreamed. Other than the pod scene nothing in this film was worthy. I was  sad for weeks after seeing this film. What a shame.
630575067X|5.0|Episode 1 had it all, make-up, special effects, costumes and a great cast. Full of fantasy and adventure as a young jedi begins his adventure in to the dark side. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen!
0767817710|4.0|I am not Sharon Stone's biggest fan and I did not expect to like this movie when I saw it, but now I find myself watching it every time it is on tv.  Gene Hackman is great as the sadistic John Herod, he is even meaner  than in Unforgiven.  Russell Crowe gives a good performance as Cort, and  Crowe is finally getting the attention that he deserves as a serious actor.   Sharon Stone's role does not demand all that much of her and she does what  is expected of her.  Leonardo DiCaprio exudes the appropriate amount of  cockiness as the young upstart gunslinger. There are some good minor roles  in the film, including Lance Henriksen as Ace and Keith David as Cantrell,  the man secretly hired by the oppressed townfolk to take out Herod.  The  most dramatic moment in the film comes when he faces Herod and the  townspeople bend their heads in prayer for salvation only to be  disappointed as Cantrell comes to a brutal end.  Some of the other  reviewers found the camera angles annoying and certain scenes unrealistic.   Well, this movie doesn't strive for realism.  It is part send off of  spaghetti westerns and part live action adult cartoon.  If you see the  movie in this spirit, you cannot help but like it.
0800141326|1.0|OK. I am a HUGE fan of Godzilla. I've loved him form an early age (as well as Gamera, but thankfully he's not been trashed er, &quot;remade&quot;) I caught a sneak peek of the new Godzilla's form the night before it came out  to the public and almost threw up. The head design is absolutely  ridiculous. But I kept on and started collecting the toys from Taco Bell,  gradually warming to the new form and eventually liking it.  A friend later  invited me to go see it, we did. It was GARBAGE. The plot? stupid. The  acting? horrible. The jokes? Moronic. I went so far as to apologize to my  friend as he hda payed for my ticket. People have argued that the above is  all true of the old Godzilla films. But one thing was missing: Godzilla.  Instead of a fanciful, fear-inspiring creature, New York is assaulted by  Jay Leno the giant iguana (not to insult Mr. Leno) They try the whole  heart-breaking ending bull and fail miserably. The effects, are NOT that  great as happens with CGI. the monster looks horribly fake, which is odd  because it is supposed to be more 'realistic' than the original G, who  looks incredible in the later movies (which I highly reccomend) I think  they should have just renamed the monster in this to avoid the crap they're  getting over it. What basis does it have in the original? sounds more like  a lack of originality. Another matter: The old fisherman or whatever says  &quot;Gojira!&quot; Wow! they used Godzilla's Japanese name! But WAIT! They  didn't research! Gojira means &quot;whale-ape&quot; which someone would  have to be delirious, drugged, AND drunk to mistake the overgrown iguana  for. Nice attempt at tribute but you failed MISERABLY guys. If you want a  movie now, check out the G-Films from Godzilla 1985 on. G-1985 has superb  acting, a great plot, edge-of-your-seat tension and drama, incredible  action, and most of all, the REAL Godzilla, atomic-breath and all. If you  want to see Godzilla in the theaters, wait for Godzilla 2000 which is aToho-made G-film, released in Japan in December and scheduled for release  in the US in the summer of 2000. He IS redesigned but sticks to his roots  (he's green now, has a flatter head more spectacular and irregular spikes)  *stands down from his soapbox*
B000059XYA|5.0|SUPERMAN II (1980)<br /><br />  Warner Bros.<br /><br />  Release Date: June 19, 1981 (USA)<br /><br />  Runtime: 127 minutes<br /><br />  Directed by:<br /><br />  Richard Lester<br /><br />  Produced by:<br /><br />  Ilya Salkind....executive producer<br /><br />  Pierre Spengler....producer<br /><br />  Cast:<br /><br />  Christopher Reeve....Clark Kent/Superman<br /><br />  Gene Hackman....Lex Luthor<br /><br />  Ned Beatty....Otis<br /><br />  Jackie Cooper....Perry White<br /><br />  Margot Kidder....Lois Lane<br /><br />  Valerie Perrine....Eve Teschmacher<br /><br />  Marc McClure....Jimmy Olsen<br /><br />  Terence Stamp....General Zod<br /><br />  Sarah Douglas....Ursa<br /><br />  Jack O'Halloran....Non<br /><br />  Susannah York....Lara<br /><br />  Clifton James....Sheriff<br /><br />  E.G. Marshall....The President<br /><br />  PLOT SUMMARY:<br /><br />  The film begins with a condesed version of the opening of the first film, when the traitorous head of Krypton's military forces, General Zod, and his co-conspirators, the man-hating Ursa and the brutish Non, are convicted of sedition by the Kryptonian elders and banished to the Phantom<br /><br />Zone as punishment for their crimes. More clips from \\"SUPERMAN: THE MOVIE\\"<br /><br />are shown during the opening credits.<br /><br />  The story then moves forward a few months. Clark Kent learns from Perry White that Lois Lane rushed to France to cover terrorists who have seized<br /><br />the Eiffel Tower and have a hydrogen bomb. As Superman, he races across the ocean to Paris.<br /><br />  There, French gendarmes blow the elevator controls, unaware that Lois has snuck into the tower hiding in the elevator's undercarrriage and that<br /><br />the elevator contains a bomb. The elevator car plungs with both a terrified Lois and the armed bomb aboard. Superman arrives to catch the falling elevator and rescue Lois. She warns him of the bomb, and Superman<br /><br />takes the elevator out of the tower and out of the atmosphere, letting the elevator's momentum carry it into deep space, where it explodes. After<br /><br />recovering from the shock, Superman returns to Earth, but without Superman realizing it, the shockwaves shatter the Phantom Zone, now floating near Earth. Zod, Non, and Ursa are released.<br /><br />  Lex Luthor, meanwhile, has escaped prison with Miss Teschmacher's help,<br /><br />leaving a haplees Otis behind. He uses a gadget he constructed in prison to find Superman's artic Fortress of Solitude, where he learns from a hologram about the three Kryptonian villains and their prison's only weakness: it could be shattered by a nuclear explosion in space. Putting the pieces of the puzzle together, he hurris South, convinced his device has detected the three criminals' alpha wave signatures.<br /><br />  Clark and Lois are on assignment in Niagara Falls, Ontario, investigating what Perry White calls a \\"honeymoon racket.\\" Superman rescues a boy who fall over the railing, and Lois suddenly decides it is<br /><br />far too convenient that Clark disappears every time Superman shows. She tries to prove it by jumping into the Niagra River and screaming for Superman to save her. Clark never changes identities but uses his heat vision to break off a tree branch for Lois to use for flotation. Later, as she dries off in the hotel room embarrassed and dejected, Lois Clark for a brush. As Clark brings it over, he trips over the head of a bear-skin rug and his glasses fall into the fireplace. Clark quickly snatches them out of the fire with his bare hand. Realizing that his hand wasn't burned, Lois determines Clark really is Superman's secret identity. After<br /><br />some hesitation, Clark admits the truth and takes her to the Fortress of<br /><br />Solitude. He shows her the crystals which created and control the operations, and in what will prove to be a fortunate mistake, Lois leaves the primary green crystal under her purse, outside the control panel. They have dinner, and afer a conversation with the hologram of his mother Lara about the consequences of being in love with a \\"mortal,\\" Superman agrees to give up his powers in order to begin a relationship with Lois. Before he enters the \\"crystal chamber\\" and undergoes the painful depowering process, which cultimates in the explosion of the crystal control panel, his mother tells him that once he has given up his powers, there is no return and that he shall remain a mortal human the rest of his life. He emerges from the chamber a human, and tells Lois that his sacrifice was made for her. The two retire to his bedchamber and make love.<br /><br />  Meanwhile, the three Krypotian criminals having devastated a joint NASA-Soviet moon expediton, killing three moonwalkers before flying to Earth, which they believe to be a planet called \\"Houston,\\" having overheard radio transmissions between the moon mission and mission control in Houston, Texas. They wreak havoc on the small town of East Houston, Idaho, easily defeat a U.S. military's response, deface Mount Rushmore, and arrive in Washington, D.C. to attack the White House. General Zod demands the surrender of the President of the United States and eventually<br /><br />the entire world.<br /><br />  Returning from the Fortress of Solitude, Clark finds that without his powers he can't even defend himself against a diner's bullying customer. His despondent mood worsens when, in horror, he watches the President announcing the surrender of Earth to General Zod. The President suddenly pleads for Superman's help; Zod issues a challenge to Superman to face him. Realizing the danger posed to the world and the terrible mistake he made, Clark returns to the Fortress in search of a way to restore his lost powers. Arriving in the dark sanctum, he falls into despair, shouting to his father Jor-El. He sees the green crystal glowing where Lois accidentally left it and uses it to recreate the Fortress and become Superman once more.<br /><br />  Lex Luthor visits a bored Zod at the White House and negotiates a means to bring Superman to the villains by holding hostage his favorite among humans, Lois Lane. He also reveals that Superman is the son of Jor-El, their imprisoner. They arrive at the Daily Planet offices and seize Lois, only to be interrupted by Superman's arrival, his powers fully restored. An epic and destructive battle in Metropolis ensues among the four as Superman struggles with the new experience of physically battling multiple enemies of his power level. When Superman seems to be dead, the people vengefully try to attack the Kryptonians, but their efforts are in vain as the three blow them back with super-breath. Superman emerges and flies off, seemingly in defeat.<br /><br />  Luthor convinces them they must pursue Superman to his fortress, where Superman battles them with weapons he has prepared. Superman manipulates Luthor into tricking the criminals, counting on Luthor to double-cross him. Forced into the same depowering chamber Superman used before, the same red light that drains super-powers is actually let loose on the Fortress while Superman is safe inside. Superman feigns weakness and then crushes Zod's hand after seemingly accepting it in submision. Lois easily dispatches of the now-powerless Ursa, and Non leaps toward Superman, only to find he can no longer fly. All three villains fall into the depths of Superman's fortress, supposedly to their dooms. Superman and Lois return to Metropolis, leaving Luthor to find his way back. Back in Metropolis, Sueprman uses a form of telepathy (a kiss) to erase the knowledge of his dual identity from Lois, returning them to their usual status quo. Later, Clark takes revenge on the customer who bullied him at the diner, and the film closes with Superman restoring the American flag atop the White House and assuring the President that he'll never fail to rescue Earth again.and. Realizing that his hand wasn't burned, Lois determines Clark really is Superman's secret identity. After <br />some hesitation, Clark admits the truth and takes her to the Fortress of  <br />Solitude. He shows her the crystals which created and control the operations, and in what will prove to be a fortunate mistake, Lois leaves the primary green crystal under her purse, outside the control panel. They have dinner, and afer a conversation with the hologram of his mother Lara about the consequences of being in love with a \\"mortal,\\" Superman agrees to give up his powers in order to begin a relationship with Lois. Before he enters the \\"crystal chamber\\" and undergoes the painful depowering process, which cultimates in the explosion of the crystal control panel, his mother tells him that once he has given up his powers, there is no return and that he shall remain a mortal human the rest of his life. He emerges from the chamber a human, and tells Lois that his sacrifice was made for her. The two retire to his bedchamber and make love. <br /> <br />  Meanwhile, the three Krypotian criminals having devastated a joint NASA-Soviet moon expediton, killing three moonwalkers before flying to Earth, which they believe to be a planet called \\"Houston,\\" having overheard radio transmissions between the moon mission and mission control in Houston, Texas. They wreak havoc on the small town of East Houston, Idaho, easily defeat a U.S. military's response, deface Mount Rushmore, and arrive in Washington, D.C. to attack the White House. General Zod demands the surrender of the President of the United States and eventually <br />the entire world. <br /> <br />  Returning from the Fortress of Solitude, Clark finds that without his powers he can't even defend himself against a diner's bullying customer. His despondent mood worsens when, in horror, he watches the President announcing the surrender of Earth to General Zod. The President suddenly pleads for Superman's help; Zod issues a challenge to Superman to face him. Realizing the danger posed to the world and the terrible mistake he made, Clark returns to the Fortress in search of a way to restore his lost powers. Arriving in the dark sanctum, he falls into despair, shouting to his father Jor-El. He sees the green crystal glowing where Lois accidentally left it and uses it to recreate the Fortress and become Superman once more. <br /> <br />  Lex Luthor visits a bored Zod at the White House and negotiates a means to bring Superman to the villains by holding hostage his favorite among humans, Lois Lane. He also reveals that Superman is the son of Jor-El, their imprisoner. They arrive at the Daily Planet offices and seize Lois, only to be interrupted by Superman's arrival, his powers fully restored. An epic and destructive battle in Metropolis ensues among the four as Superman struggles with the new experience of physically battling multiple enemies of his power level. When Superman seems to be dead, the people vengefully try to attack the Kryptonians, but their efforts are in vain as the three blow them back with super-breath. Superman emerges and flies off, seemingly in defeat. <br /> <br />  Luthor convinces them they must pursue Superman to his fortress, where Superman battles them with weapons he has prepared. Superman manipulates Luthor into tricking the criminals, counting on Luthor to double-cross him. Forced into the same depowering chamber Superman used before, the same red light that drains super-powers is actually let loose on the Fortress while Superman is safe inside. Superman feigns weakness and then crushes Zod's hand after seemingly accepting it in submision. Lois easily dispatches of the now-powerless Ursa, and Non leaps toward Superman, only to find he can no longer fly. All three villains fall into the depths of Superman's fortress, supposedly to their dooms. Superman and Lois return to Metropolis, leaving Luthor to find his way back. Back in Metropolis, Sueprman uses a form oftelepathy (a kiss) to erase the knowledge of his dual identity from Lois, returning them to their usual status quo. Later, Clark takes revenge on the customer who bullied him at the diner, and the film closes with Superman restoring the American flag atop the White House and assuring the President that he'll never fail to rescue Earth again. <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />  <br /> <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />      <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />    <br /> <br /> <br />    <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />                          <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />  <br />  <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
B00000J7RZ|3.0|This CD is a good blend of Dance/Latin music that is easy to listen to and show a nice diversity by Lopez.  The main problem I had was that some of the songs sounded almost the same and in fact the same song, &quot;no me  ames&quot; appears twice on the CD.  There are Spanish songs near the end  and even with her English songs Lopez uses some Spanish which is nice if  you know Spanish.  Overall, after &quot;If you had my love&quot;,  &quot;Waiting for tonight&quot; and &quot;Feelin' so good&quot;, the rest  of the CD blends together to make a good CD, but I have a feeling that her  next CD will be much stronger.
6303212263|5.0|SUPERMAN (1978)<br /><br />  Warner Bros.<br /><br />  Release Date: December 10, 1978 (Washington, D.C.)(premiere)<br /><br />  December 15, 1978 (USA)<br /><br />  Runtime: 143 minutes.<br /><br />  Directed by:<br /><br />  Richard Donner<br /><br />  Produced by:<br /><br />  Alexander Salkind....producer<br /><br />  Ilya Salkind....executive producer<br /><br />  Cast:<br /><br />  Marlon Brando....Jor-El<br /><br />  Gene Hackman....Lex Luthor<br /><br />  Christopher Reeve....Clark Kent/Superman<br /><br />  Margot Kidder....Lois Lane<br /><br />  Ned Beatty....Otis<br /><br />  Jackie Cooper....Perry White<br /><br />  Marc McClure....Jimmy Olsen<br /><br />  Glenn Ford....Jonathan Kent<br /><br />  Phyllis Thaxter....Martha Kent<br /><br />  Valerie Perrine....Eve Teschmacher<br /><br />  Sushannah York....Lara<br /><br />  Terence Stamp....General Zod<br /><br />  Sarah Douglas....Ursa<br /><br />  Jack O'Halloran....Non<br /><br />  Jeff East....Young Clark Kent<br /><br />  Diane Sherry....Lana Lang<br /><br />  PLOT SUMMARY:<br /><br />  Opening on Krypton, the films follows the Man of Steel as he's sent to<br /><br />Earth where he develops his alter-ego Clark Kent and is raised by a Midwestern family. In no time, the movie runs through his teenage years, and Clark gets a job at the Daily Planet, where he is a news reporter. It's there that he falls in love with Lois Lane, who is already in love with Superman. But the love story is quickly sidetracked once the villainous Lex Luthor launches a diabolical plan to conquer the world and kill Superman.a diabolical plan to conquer the world and kill Superman.
0679424741|5.0|The beauty of Carson McCullers' first novel is it honestly depicts the deep south of her time.  It shows both the romantic aspects and the ugliness (racism, in particular), while telling the stories of a group of memorable characters, centered around a gentle deaf-mute at a  boardinghouse. McCullers finds a middle-ground, giving us the flavor of  this small southern town,  both sweet and sour.  This book is one of my  favorites of all time.
B000002NHN|5.0|Wow. This music really is &quot;hauntingly beautiful,&quot; as so many reviewers have put it. I had very high expectations for this CD, and when it arrived, from the second I put it into my CD player- it went far over my  expectations. And I'm not quite the audience for this CD you would imagine.
B000002C1X|4.0|Most of the songs on this album are very short pieces of music, which is  good if you listen to the album from start to finish.  There are some great  songs to mention such as Hey You, Another Brick in the Wall pt.2, Young  Lust, Run like Hell, and especailly Comfortably Numb.  So go out and buy  this one!
1881273156|5.0|This book will revolutionize the way you relate with other people.  If you are married, it will strengthen it.  Even your relationships with other people will grow as you learn how they would like to be treated and served.  This may be Gary's greatest book yet.
1560689986|4.0|Monty Python sure didn't skimp on the humor in this movie. Monty Python is alwyas funny. The only thing is, this movie isn't as funny as the other Monty Python movies.
0374172897|5.0|I really loved this book..I had just finished reading two very disappointing books and to read such a treasure was wonderful...I went out and bought Mrs. Dalloway by Virginia Woolfe as well as Mr. Cunningham's two other Novels and am looking  forward to reading them all...I plan on  reading  The Hours again.
B000001DTM|5.0|quite simply, the finest album (thus far) of U2's extraordinary career.  you could not ask for a finer collection of wrenching, probing, and utterly naked songs that feature the bands playing to their so-called  &quot;weaknesses&quot; (irony, darkness, sex, rhythm) and finding  strengths.  Bono's singing is at his absolute best, listen to the ethereal  &quot;Ah-haaa's&quot; at the end of &quot;One&quot; -- perhaps the best  song of the past 20 years, maybe more.  no album has ever had such an  impact on my life.  do yourself a favor and puchase this masterpiece, you  owe it to yourself.
B000021Y77|5.0|Okay, you have just recieved a phonecall from your lover and discovered that he has lost a lot of a mobster's money and he only has twenty minutes to get the money back....what do you do? That is the problem our red headed  heroine faces in RUN LOLA RUN. This is one of the best films I have seen.   It is fast paced (in fact there are only a few moments where the film slows  down and allows you to catch your breath), and with each run that we see,  the world is affected differently.  It is truely a work of art when you see  how director Tykwer makes Lola's run affect people differently.  In one  scene, Lola is nearly hit by a car but manages to roll on top of the hood  and avoids being hurt (however the car then runs into another car.) But the  next time, Lola doesn't make it over the car and stops the driver, who then  misses running into the same car. RUN LOLA RUN the DVD is loaded with  features that can greatly affect a person's outlook on the film.  The  commontary is superb and explanes one what the signifigance of one of the  quotes that opens the film.  There is also a music video from the song that  is the basis for the film, Believe.  I highly recommend this movie to  anyone who loves film.
0440234743|5.0|Simply an intriguing book that you will not easily be able to put down!
B000002UKS|4.0|basically, i can't say much but that this is very good, and if you happened to buy &quot;there is nothing left to lose&quot; already, then this is a very good purchase.  personally, i think that the older foo  fighters songs found on this album are much better than on the more recent  attempt.  for instance, songs like 'monkey wrench' (who could ever forget  dave grohl screaming &quot;one in tennnnnn&quot;), 'my hero' (who cares if  it is about kurt cobain or not, it is probably the most popular foo song to  date), and 'everlong' stay with you forever, and someday we will remember  them and tell them to our children (or grandchildren, i don't know how old  you are).  great musicians can have that effect on you.<br />if you like third  eye blind, the goo goo dolls, or hootie and the blowfish, this cd is very  much for you.
B000002J2B|1.0|This is the one Genesis record I can't listen to. The production is flat and lifeless, the tunes boring. The desolate looking gray and brown of the cover art sums up perfectly what's inside. Only &quot;All In A Mouse's  Night&quot; comes close to what you would expect after the brilliant  &quot;Trick Of The Tail&quot;. Pass on this one.
B000003TSP|5.0|This is an album that does not have enough exposure. I am a big rap fan, but Portishead is one alternative group that gets its own spot in the cd player. The combination of hard bass, razor sharp scratches, and smokey  vocals can please any rap fan. Many people only know about this group  because a friend told them about it, they don't get much hype in the U.S.  Just take a couple minutes to skim through the tracks and I guarantee that  you will love it. Its a perfect cd to listen to when your just chillin', or  when your writing that college paper. Their other albums like Glory Times  and Dummy are great, but the self-titled album is the shinniest marble in  the bunch. Don't debate anymore, PICK IT UP!
B000000P17|4.0|After the two great Use Your Illusion double albums, with complicatedly arranged songs, Guns N'Roses must have felt like showing the World they still can do simple stuff as well. And they did good!<br />Through the power  and musical talent expressed in every song on this mostly-punk album, you  can just feel how the band loves to just play songs which have been its  greatest inspiration sources.<br />From the heart-squeezing guitar and vocals  on the opening track Since I Don't Have You, Guns N'Roses take the  listener on a journey through their favourites. It goes via the all-over  British punk song Down On The Farm (the album's best track) and the  melodically rocking piano and percussion of Human Being, endning in the  nearly melancholic unlisted track The Game by Charles Manson (which,  however, is not featured anymore on albums pressed since February  2000).<br />Guns N'Roses simply combine their joy of playing with their  highly-developed musical skills on this tribute.<br />Somehow sad that it  became the band's last release in the great line-up - but on the other  hand, the joy of playing expressed on this album is a good way of ending.
0062502182|5.0|This book is fabulous! It delivers a deep and meaningful message in a clear and heart-warming fable which almost anyone can read without difficulty.  I recommend anything by this author.
0061020710|4.0|What a surprise! What I find so fascinating about Terry Pratchet's novels (this one included) is his ability to make us laugh in one paragraph, and in the next, fashion his fantasy world in such detail, giving us view to sites that are no less than awe-inspiring. (The description of the great  turtle, with comet-crusted eyes, is downright poetic) Also, I am glad not  to be the only reader who had difficulty with the beginning of the book,  but it quickly becomes an easier read.<br />This novel seems to be more of a  collection of short stories than his later works, with the common element  being the two non-heros Rincewind and Twoflower. Again, the plot is a  little week, but a very funny and yet awe inspiring read.
630512762X|5.0|I am a huge Cage fan, and having Travolta in the movie is an excellent plus.  The best part of this movie is that you get to see Cage and Travolta both portray the bad, and the good guy, which they both excel at.   Excellent piece of moviemaking.
0061020710|4.0|What a surprise! What I find so fascinating about Terry Pratchet's novels (this one included) is his ability to make us laugh in one paragraph, and in the next, fashion his fantasy world in such detail, giving us view to sites that are no less than awe-inspiring. (The description of the great  turtle, with comet-crusted eyes, is downright poetic) Also, I am glad not  to be the only reader who had difficulty with the beginning of the book,  but it quickly becomes an easier read.<br />This novel seems to be more of a  collection of short stories than his later works, with the common element  being the two non-heros Rincewind and Twoflower. Again, the plot is a  little week, but a very funny and yet awe inspiring read.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I saw this movie dubbed in English and the result was simply charming and beautiful...
0783240503|1.0|I am a conservative.  Our WHOLE family had seen a local production of the show and enjoyed it.  I thought with such an all star cast we would enjoy it even more.  Wrong.  I object to the costumes, the women are wearing  pasties.  I have rewound the video three times to make sure this is what I  saw.  And sadly it is. The local production did not have such costumes. My  children are ages 6 and 10. If I wanted them to see this kind of production  we could go to Las Vegas. Donny Osmond you should be ashamed of yourself,   I am also LDS.
B000002H6C|5.0|Read my review below....<br />there is one error- when I said &quot;One is just as good or better than other ballads like Orion and Ktulu&quot;, I meant to say &quot;One is just as good or better than other ballads like  Fade to Black and Unforgiven&quot;.  And I forgot to tell about To Live Is  to Die, the instrumental on this album.  That is a very good instrumental  that is not quite as good as Orion but I think it is as good as The Call of  The Ktulu.<br />A good album- go and get it!
B00001OH7P|5.0|this has got to be one of my favorite all time cds.....all the songs are unique, original, fascinating, wonderful.....i could go on and on......favorites include &quot;rock and roll suicide&quot;, and &quot;lady  stardust&quot;......gosh i love them all though. this is bowie at his best,  definitely one of my favorite albums of all time.
B000002MTR|4.0|This was actually my first RHCP disc I got, after hearing  &quot;Aeroplane&quot; somewhere, not knowing who the hell played it (wasn't  into Alternative much then), and getting the CD when I finally found out it  was the Chilis.<br />The first thing I must say, is that there is a huge  variety of songs in here -- enough that there'll be at least a few songs  you might appreciate, and at least some you would loathe.  I'll leave the  explaining to the other CD reviews here, but I would say one thing:   &quot;Pea&quot; is sickly laid out with profanity, but I like it.  Call me  sick, I don't really care.<br />Whatever kind of music you may like, you're  bound to find something in here;  if you haven't gotten the CD yet, give it  a try.  You probably won't be disappointed.
B00000099Y|4.0|This is a great cd. I recommend it to anybody who likes Rock or Metal. I bought this cd because I heard about it from my friend. I like Korn and this is a lot like Korn. Its not the same  but if you like Korn or other  rock or metal bands   buy this cd.
6304711905|5.0|This is a top notch western! Look out Clint Eastwood! The action never stops. Val Kilmer gives a first rate performance as Doc holiday, and not only does it have Kurt Russell as Wyatt you get Sam Elliott too. The best  gunfights I have seen since Pale Rider. Definately two thumbs way up.
B000007T2Z|5.0|&quot;We're all trapped inside the belly of this horrible Machine, and the  Machine is bleeding to death.&quot; - this is an excerpt from the opening  monologue of this haunting masterpiece of doom. Darkness will embrace you  with its cellos and guitars. Nothing will ever be the same.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Possibly like many Metallica fans, I was a bit shocked that they were going to play with a symphony. But it turned out great. I can't give S&M a full five stars because I didn't really like the setlist. Where was Fade To Black? If you're going to put a ballad on their fade to black would have been perfect. - human is a good song but it does not fit with the symphony. No songs from Kill'em All. I guess you could say they wouldn't fit well but neither does - human. Phantom Lord would have been the best chance for a song to fit with the symphony. Creeping Death would have been interesting also. I think they could have done without Hero of the Day and some of the other Load stuff. But this show proves how great Metallica is live. After listening to both CDs it'll make you want to go to a show if you've never gone. Master of Puppets was performed the best out of the setlist. One fit the best with the synphony. I was extremly shocked and happy when I saw that the call of ktulu was on their. They never play that anymore.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Sri Chinmoy says:<br />To serve and never be tired is love<br />To learn and never be filled is devotion<br />To offer and never to end is surrender<br />Love is man reality<br />Devotion is mans divinity<br />Surrender is mans  immortality<br />Reality is all-pervading<br />Divinity is  all-elevating<br />Immortality is all-fulfilling<br />Carlos has lost his heart  and his soul. No more spirits dancing in hid flesh.
B00004LN16|4.0|This is a great album to buy if you're a Hard Rock/Metal fan. Even though I'm too young be considered a long time AC/DC fan but I have a lot of their stuff and this is good old fashion AC/DC
6304119046|2.0|i cannot agree more with the previous viewer from moscow. this is truly a boring movie.. i was shocked that this was voted afi number one movie. i have seen this movie twice in my life and could barely make it thru. i  guess i just don't get it.. but i have never agreed with the hollywood  elites that vote on this kind of thing... how this film ranks number 1 and  gone with the wind ranks number four is beyond me... are you crazy?
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is a great album, I've listened to hard stuff for years and have  never heard anything as good as this. I have yet to hear a band whose songs  express even nearly as much power as this album does. It is is great album  and well worth your money!!!
0194314227|5.0|It makes me clear about the word I am looking for. this dictionary has a lot of pictures and study pages. It really works. I am satisfied that I bought this book. It is necessary for those who are learning advanced English.
6305078564|5.0|This was the best film adaptation of Pride and Prejudice or any other Austen novel I have ever seen!  It is definitely worth purchasing so that one can enjoy it over and over again.
B000025RAU|5.0|They don't make them like this anymore. Jack Nicholson plays private eye Jack Gittes who is hired by a mysterious woman to spy on her cheating husband. This is only the beginning of a dark tale of murder, incest, greed  and... water. Nicholson gives the second best performance of his career  (first being One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest), Faye Dunaway is bookishly  seductive, and John Huston solidified himself as one of the screen's  evilest and sickest movie villains ever. People complain about the end  alot, but could this movie have been just as powerful and affecting without  it? I think not. In the end, evil wins, and Roman Polanski (director)  doesn't play a movie as if it were some sort of fantasy trip from our  everyday reality. Instead, he mocks our hopes for a happy ending and slaps  us in the face with it's tragic twist. Great film, beautiful VHS transfer  (I've never seen the DVD version). Indeed a classic and one of the best  movies of all time.
6303327982|2.0|This movie has its moments but they are rare. Oliver Stone could have left the script alone and the movie would have been better for it. Who knows what he's trying to say with this? The movie was not worth the time to try  to find out. Do your self a favor and stroll over to the comedy section  you'll be glad you skipped this one.
0553277472|5.0|Suppose that I were to try to describe this book to someone who was a philosophy professor, an expert in some German philosophers, a critic of Nietzsche who considered Nietzsche's psychology as prominently as his philosophy in matters of religion; there was no way that I could say  anything better than in the words of this book itself.  I had been reading  a lot of philosophy the way my father had before he became a minister, like  it is taught in college.  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance was the  perfect focus for the complaint that any philosophy can only be a way of  trying to graduate carbon copies of someone.  The real person comes through  at the end, where I like to start things rolling with the sentence,  &quot;It's so hot . . .&quot;
B00003CWPR|1.0|He was outstanding in TopGun and she is brilliant in anything... but this film was a complete waste of effort and a total waste of anyones time watching! It has to rate as one of my all time worst movies along with  Mollhaland falls and Hicky and Boggs! The menu is great seeing Nicole loose  her dress but that's about all I enjoyed!
630575067X|4.0|By not putting out a DVD copy of this film, director/producer George Lucas has assured himself a bright financial future. While this VHS version mostly satisfies this fan, I know that I would have enjoyed having a the  choices that are availible on DVD. George, we all know that you're planning  a big release after the other two films are released, but believe me, there  are plenty of us out here that would gladly purchase a meat and potatoes  version of this fine movie on DVD and go for the high-octane version in 4  years, but instead have to purchase it on VHS at present.<br />As for the pan  &amp; scan version of this film, because this was created for the BIG  screen, it was lacking in the grandure that surrounded it in theaters.  While it helps to have a good sound system, it is still VHS sound quality.  The story, characters, and plot are classics just by carrying the Star Wars  name. This is a 5 star movie, but I felt I had to hold out the last star  for the bad format choice. George: good movie, bad format.
B00000AOQ7|5.0|I BOUGHT THIS ON A WHIM AT AN OLD TAPE STORE AND WAS BLOWN AWAY!  THE PRODUCTION IS CRISP,THE MUSICIANSHIP IS SUPERB AND TIGHT, AND THE LYRICS ARE BY FAR SOME OF THE BEST I'VE EVER HEARD IN A METAL ALBUM. THIS SHOULD  HAVE BEEN HUGE BUT IT GOT LOST.WHY? WHO KNOWS NOW BUT SINCE IT IS STILL  AVAILABLE GET IT ITS BEST DESCRIBED AS CLASSY THRASH ITS PRETTY UNIQUE  SOUNDING! TRUST ME IT STILL BLOWS ME AWAY TO LISTEN TO IT! THERES EVEN A  THRASH SONG ABOUT THE PLEASURES OF MACARONI AND CHEESE!  A FIRST IM SURE  !GET IT AND BANG YOUR HEAD!
0060926317|5.0|I found this book the third most important book I have every read.  The first was &quot;Freedom From the Known&quot; by Krishnamurti, the second was &quot;On Having No Head&quot; by Douglas Harding, and now &quot;Mutant  Message Down Under&quot;.  The reason these books have been important to me  personally is that each has produced a paradigm shift enabling a clearer,  less deluded perception of life on Earth.  Each work has brought me a  little closer to reality;  by this I mean they have helped me to shed pain  bearing illusions, life has become easier, more enjoyable.<br />It is  interesting to see that the negative reviews of this book have a very  emotional, angry quality about them.  If a book is so worthless why bother  going to the trouble and taking the time to write about it at all?  A  playwright once said that when the audience burns down the theatre you know  you've hit a home truth.  Marlo Morgan has definitely hit something of the  truth with this work.  <br />The style may be simple, but then so was  Steinbeck's when he wrote the &quot;Pearl&quot;.  The simplicity of the  writing reflects the simplicity of the life style being portrayed.<br />This  is a book for seekers of spirit.  The less materialistic you are the more  you'll love it.  Enjoy.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this CD because I have always liked the songs that they had released and had been on the radio. I knew that I would love this CD. One of the other reasons why I chose to buy the CD was because my brother has  one of their other CDs. I really enjoyed the other CD and so I decided to  buy it. I will enjoy it forever! I especially liked the &quot;Crash and  Burn&quot; and &quot;The Animal Song&quot;. They both had great lyrics and  meaning. All of the songs lyrics are beautifully written.
B000002LGA|5.0|I am a complete audiophile and this album in my top ten. It is, by far, Lou Reed's best solo work to date; thought provoking social commentary with a little punch to the kidney... This is right up th with his work with VU  and the Drella album. LOVE IT!  BUY IT!
B000003TAR|5.0|This album is truly worth 5 stars and it's the best recording from Nirvana. Like only a couple of albums EACH SONG is actually very good. It's sad that the death of Kurt Cobain was so soon because so much more material  could have come out as good as this. The album is rawer,louder, and more  powerful than what Nevermind has to offer although Nevermind is also a  classic. Standout Tracks: Heart-Shaped Box, Rape Me, Francis Farmer will  have Revenge on Seatle, Dumb, Radio Friendly Unit Shifter, All Apologies  and my personal fav Very Ape. If your into any kind of rock music get this.
B000000W5L|3.0|it would be difficult to argue that the stones aren't capableof genius, given records like 'sticky fingers' and 'beggarsbanquet'. however like most bands saddled rightly or wrongly with the designation of 'classic rock', they had increasing problems with quality control as their careers went on. sure there are fans who will tell you that they can do no wrong, but then these same folks would likely thrill to basement tapes of keiths flatulence or mick singing in the shower... i won't deny that there's some really good stuff here- ie 'soul survivor' , which i find myself liking more all the time. and i've heard so often from my 'indie' minded freinds how this was the first 'lo-fi' album. but let's cut to the quick- it's way too uneven to be the masterpeice people claim it is. and it finds the stones triping over the line between offering a homage to black music and stealing from it, as opposed to stradling it. borrow it from a friend and record whatever you like best. that way you can afford a real overlooked classic like big stars 'radio city', pere ubu's 'dub housing', or can's 'soon over babaluma'.
0684857219|5.0|Im a 15 yr old male, and i started his Basic Training Level 1 workouts about 1 month ago and i have seen some very visible changes in my body...There is everything you need to know about bodybuilding in this book...Excellent job Arnold!   2 thumbs up
6302973724|3.0|I first got into Depech mode a few years ago.  Since I have become an avid collector of there material.  The person who turned me on to Depeche Mode had this concert but he had the Japanese version.  I ordered this video and  was disappointed to find that five songs were cut out including  &quot;EVERYTHING COUNTS&quot;  which if you saw the Japanese video or  concert you would have known it was completely redun with an awsome mix.   But over all it is a good video if you havn't seen the other.
6305426651|5.0|This is the most incredibly poignant film that I have ever seen.  The beginning is a lovely, romantic farce which abruptly transforms into the nightmare of the Holocaust.  Only Roberto Benigni could find hope and  humour in this horrible event.  I laughed and cried more than in any other  film that I've seen.<br />Possibly one of the most powerful films ever made.
B00004RE7C|4.0|Don't be fooled by some of the negative reviews here. Star Trek III: The Search for Spock is a thoughtful meditation on the nature of friendship. I admire its careful attention to developing a classical story arc in which  Kirk is driven by concern for his friends (Spock and McCoy) and by outer  events (a feckless Federation bureaucracy) to steal the Enterprise and  outwit and outrun enemies on all sides. Indeed, the film's first act is a  gem: a model of balanced writing in its build-up to Kirk's inexorable  conclusion that he must steal the Enterprise to save his friends. Among the  priceless scenes in that first half-hour: A visit by Spock's father to  Kirk's San Francisco pad in which, during a &quot;mind meld&quot; between  them, successive shots end with a quiet, touching close-up of Kirk's eye as  he relives Spock's &quot;death&quot; in the previous film; Scottie's  hilarious asides toward a pompous captain played deftly by character actor  James Sikking; and Kirk being told by a superior officer that under no  conditions can he undertake a mission to save his friends as the camera  tracks in on him, staring off in the middle distance, his inevitable  insubordination written on his face. Good stuff. Even better is the focus  (singularly among the Star Trek movies, which usually concern the  Enterprise crew saving the Earth or the universe) on Kirk's mission to save  his friends and the sacrifices he makes in the process. I can tell you (if  you haven't seen the film) that these sacrifices are significant, in once  case touchingly sad and in another spectacular. Other reasons to see Star  Trek III: It contains a terrific, humorous, self-consciously strapping but  still tough villain played by Christopher Lloyd; a really good, early James  Horner (of Titanic fame) score; elegant special effects (including the  real-time destruction of a planet tearing itself apart that holds up well);  William Shatner's best performance ever (be honest -- he does a nice, evensubtle job in this film as a soulful, resourceful, and self-sacrificing  Kirk -- indeed, the Kirk character has never been more appealing); an  apropos climax that, unique to the science fiction genre, is understated  and gentle and moving; a swift pace; deft direction from Leonard Nimoy;  genuine surprises that, when I first saw the film, I could not believe were  happening (including a clever and powerful one involving the Enterprise  itself); and a mythic elementalism in which the battle-scarred Enterprise  crew seems straight out of Homer and Kirk makes a forceful stand-in for  Odysseus. This film deserves a reappraisal from Trekkers, but more  importantly, from the general public. Nicely done.
0684867621|4.0|While it is little slow at the start this novel takes off.  A great thrill ride and a must read!
B000046PVN|5.0|2 CDs. 35 tracks. Almost 150 minutes of music. A magnificent booklet. The original performances. <br />I love this music (maybe it's a personal opinion, but I do), and I always wanted to have it on CD, but the older version (in  one CD) was incomplete. <br />This is the perfect solution. Four versions of  the main theme, and some tracks never released before, like &quot;The Big  Rescue&quot;. Even a pop version of &quot;Can You Read My Mind&quot;.<br />The  moment I put this CD in my player, it was an automatic return to my  childhood, to remember the first time I saw the movie in a theather (like  twenty years ago). Maybe it's intended only for my generation, but the  Superman mythos were perfectly incarnated by Christopher Reeve. And this  strong music is the perfect company. You can relax and listen to it, and  envision a man flying, faster than a speeding bullet.<br />My thanks to Rhino  and Warner for this CD.
0897500482|5.0|Tao of Jeet Kune Do could best be described as a training diary for the martial arts.  It does not represent a style of martial art, rather it defines a concept within the martial arts.   Lee combines his knowledge of the fighting arts and physical training methods with his philosophy of  &quot;using what will work for you.&quot;  This book does not just explain  basic techniques, it also explains how to best use these techniques when  confronted with a hostile situation.  Basic techniques, training methods,  strategy and philosophy all in one book.  Quite a feat for such a young  author.  If you are truly interested in improving yourself through study of  the martial arts, then you should consider adding this book to your martial  arts library.  Other books to consider are &quot;The Art of War&quot; by  Sun Tzu and &quot;Karate-Do Nyumon&quot; by Gichin Funakoshi.  These books  are considered basic reading since they discuss strategy and history of the  martial arts.  There are no limits except those we place on ourselves.
014028009X|4.0|Having been married at the age of 19 and married for 24 years, I thought this book might not be as fun a read as for a singleton,  BUT IT IS!  While many women have the insecurities and concerns that are expressed in this book (there is probably a bit of Bridget Jones in every woman) to read them  in this format was laugh-out-loud funny. This was a very enjoyable book, it  leaves you smiling.
0897500482|5.0|Tao of Jeet Kune Do could best be described as a training diary for the martial arts.  It does not represent a style of martial art, rather it defines a concept within the martial arts.   Lee combines his knowledge of the fighting arts and physical training methods with his philosophy of  &quot;using what will work for you.&quot;  This book does not just explain  basic techniques, it also explains how to best use these techniques when  confronted with a hostile situation.  Basic techniques, training methods,  strategy and philosophy all in one book.  Quite a feat for such a young  author.  If you are truly interested in improving yourself through study of  the martial arts, then you should consider adding this book to your martial  arts library.  Other books to consider are &quot;The Art of War&quot; by  Sun Tzu and &quot;Karate-Do Nyumon&quot; by Gichin Funakoshi.  These books  are considered basic reading since they discuss strategy and history of the  martial arts.  There are no limits except those we place on ourselves.
B0000029DD|5.0|For Jeff Buckley fans, which I am one, check out the Cupcakes debut CD. I  first heard this music in a local music shop that was playing it. Just  received this CD today. Solid sound. Like a varietal Jeff Buckley meets  Weezer band. Recommended for anyone that is looking for a sound with  extended range vocals, chunking/grinding guitars and emotion. This one kind  of gave me chills when I first heard it.
0767824571|3.0|This is one of the funniest movies ever committed to film, no doubt about it.  Were I to judge this DVD on the film alone, I would have given it five stars.  If you are one of the few who have never seen this picture, do  yourself the favor of and buy a copy on VHS straight away.<br />Purchasing  this title on DVD, however, I have to take marks away from an otherwise  excellent comedy.  There has been absolutely nothing done to enhance the  quality of this 25 year old film, and a DVD system drives the visual and  auditory pitfalls home with feeling.  The picture is grainy and jittery in  many places, and the audio is mudded and full of hiss.  I confess, I was  looking forward to a sharper, cleaner viewing of one of my all time  favorite movies than I had ever had before.  I was profoundly dissapointed.   <br />It is an hysterical movie, but don't look for an experience above what  is delivered on the average bargin basement SLP recorded VHS tape here.  If  you've never seen it, go run and rent a copy from the local video store,  and wait for a remastered release.
1558908498|5.0|This was an amazing sequel that I love more than the first.  Neve, Courtney, Jamie, and David return better than ever.  Jada did a great cameo. All the scenes with Duey and Gal were really funny. Good surprise  ending. This sequel lived up to and went beyong the first.  It made me  laugh and made me scream!
6303332609|5.0|It's hard to believe that an innocuous PG-13 B-movie such as the Chiodo Bros. underrated masterpiece &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer Space&quot; could instill a sense of mysterious dread and thrills to an inveterate  horror fan like myself. The Klowns definitely break down the redundant  slasher film villian barriers that ran rampant during the 80's and give a  frighteningly original, yet humorous flair to their evil work that  parallels the old alien invasion films of the 50's (right down to the  backwoods farmer and his dog and to the overly-skeptical village police).  These extraterrestial jokesters are by no means makers of fun merriment,  but rather ravenous predators who hoodwink their victims with circus magic  and sinister smiles.<br />The first time I viewed this acclaimed cult classic,  John Mussari's ominous circus synth soundtrack, grizzled Officer Mooney  (John Vernon) turned into a klown merrionette, and the corrosive cream pie  death of the security guard each made a frightful impact on me! Not only  that, I developed a short-lived repulsion to cotton candy after seeing the  homicidal Klowns in action! Now, that I'm older, wiser, and even more  desensitized, I've begun to see &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer Space&quot;  as 70% comedy/30% horror since this film does boast some of the most  baffoonish dialogue and action I've seen in a B-movie. Mike (Grant Cramer),  Officer Mooney, and the hilariously inept Terrenzi Bros. (Peter Licassi  &amp; Mike Siegel) give just the right amount of comedic chemistry needed  against the story's spooky premise. The Klowns themselves do offer a couple  of cheesy chuckles via the duplicitous &quot;child's play&quot; antics they  use to capture and expunge the town populace for their own vampiric food  supply. And one just cannot get over the elaborately designed circus tent  sets, props, and klown costumes! The theme song video feature by The  Dickies is also pretty darn cool.  All in all, this indelible pic proves  that1988 was a gem year for the horror genre.<br />I have been fortunate  enough to obtain a previously-viewed copy of KKFOS this year after a  near-exhaustive search on the Web! I found it through Amazon's zShop site,  which may still have some English-version copies left (knowing that this  film has become a rare find both in retail and rental). I wish Media Home  Entertainment/HVG Video would get off their languid behinds and re-release  the Klowns on VHS widescreen or DVD seeing that the Killer Klowns cult is  bigger than they probably realize. <br />Believe it or not, a Klown sequel is  in the planning stages according to the Chiodo Bros' official website (as  well as a coveted email I received last year from Stephen himself)...so  keep on watching the skies for more intergalatic Big Top mayhem and  laughs!
1891252089|5.0|I was looking for a yoga book with clear pictures of the positions and instructions as to what parts of the body should be engaged and where(on the body) to really concentrate on certain postures and this book is perfect.  There are three versions of every position, showing the  complete(advanced) move and then easier versions, and when applicable,  using of blocks.  I highly reccomend this book for someone who takes yoga  classes and wants to practice at home!
6305750750|4.0|A very good film, perhaps the saga has gone on for too long though. And forget all these boxed VHS sets, when are they planning on releasing it on DVD! .<br />Apart from that though, buy it,..  all your friends will want to  watch it. Exciting.
B000005ALP|4.0|&quot;Beautiful Disc, Beautiful Disc, that is why, I LOVE YOUOUUUU! &quot; I bought this CD after hearing Rags To Rags and Novocaine For The Soul.  I was expecting a pleasant shallow pop record to  just sit back and enjoy.  The songs here are much more interesting and  demanding than that, though.  It's a real charmer, this one, and unlike  most records, the CD's 2nd half is its strongest.  The album finishes with  Spunky, Mental, Your Lucky Day In Hell and Manchild, all light and fluffy  yet satisfying listens.  Other songs worth checking out are Novocaine For  The Soul, the title track, and Not Ready Yet, but the standout is Flower,  because its most beautiful moment is its most dissonant.  A great, if  slightly oddball, listen.
0679746048|5.0|In this beautifully insightful book, Kaysen manages to combine her memories of the harsh reality of a mental institution with a hope for the future.  A very thought-provoking and readable book.  Highly recommended.
B00000JXV8|4.0|I watched this movie on HBO and cant wait to own it. I think it is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  It was funny and there was so much chemistry between Ben Affleck and sandra bulluck... I just really  liked this movie.
B000002BQK|3.0|It depends on what mood your in. I really don't know what 2 say. This  Isn't much more different than Daydream, or Rainbow. You can pick out songs  that sound exactly the same. Like Petals(Rainbow), Close My Eyes(Butterfly)  they sound the same and another example is Whenever You Call(Butterfly) and  When I saw You(Daydream). It has some nice points in the album but can get  borring because of all the ballads. Like I said before it depends on what  mood your in because the slow songs can put you to sleep. I found the album  pretty good after i gave it a try. Maybe you could do the same, at least  give it a try.
B000008LH5|4.0|TYA is supurb. I bought this CD however, to replace my precious vinyl LP.  Without Hobbit, it's just Not The Same.  Cover art is deceiving, if you want a copy try the Live (Import), all the cuts are there.
B00000JXV7|4.0|I went into this movie thinking it would be another lousy love story with Sandra Bullock. But I was wrong. She actually does a fantastic job as as the trouble-follows me everywhere girl. Ben Affleck also does an excellent  job, though not as well as previous movies. I found myself upset at the  movie for not ending with them getting together, but it worked well after  the second time I viewed it. The script is fantastic and I especially loved  the cinematography. There is a great line about finding love and how the  whole world seems to vanish when your with that person. If your a hopeless  romantic like I am and love to watch movies with style, you'll love this  one as well.
0684867621|5.0|I really enjoyed this novel because it was a short and quick paced story, and I found myself really connecting to Trish.  She was well drawn and totally beleivable, and I would recommend that all King fans read it.
0671042858|2.0|I just cant understand why so many people pretend to likethisnovel. Stephen King has written many good books and a few greatones. But he has also written plenty of bad ones. Bt he is human and sometimes just does not deliver. If this book had been written by Michael Nobody everyone would have a differnt opponion of this book. IT IS VERY BORING.There is nothing scarry about this book. And it is not very entertaining. Very little happens over the course of 260 pages. I can understand some people liking the book but it just is not very good. But I I give it an extra star out of sympathy.  END
B00000IMTG|4.0|I owned this on vinyl when it first came out.(As with the rest of the rainbow and elf albums.) Alas, vinyl doesn't last long. I was really excited to see this album remastered. I heard the first edition of this cd  and thought it stunk. This is killer. You don't hear any of these so-called  metal bands that can measure up to this one. If you haven't heard this  album, when you do crank it up. KILL THE KING is one of the most thunderous  live recordings I've ever heard. What an opener. Other songs to note are  Mistreated, (I've always admired Coverdale but Ronnie blows him away.) 16th  Century Greensleeves and Catch the rainbow. What a great band. Blackmore,  Powell, Bain, Carey, and of course Dio. Nothing but power. I now own all  Dio-Rainbow era remastered cd's. I love everyone of them.
0767849493|5.0|This is a very funny movie although it is useful to know something about religion to get all the jokes. It is certainly not scripture but the message is that faith should be about joy and hope.
B000002UB3|5.0|ONLY A COMPLETE NINCOMPOOP WOULD GIVE THIS ALBUM 1 OR 2 STARS! FROM THE OPENING RIFF OF &quot;COME TOGETHER&quot; TO THE FINAL BARS OF &quot;THE END&quot; IT JUST DON'T GET ANY BETTER THEN THIS. SMALL WONDER IT'S THERE  BIGGEST SELLING ALBUM, IT'S ALSO THERE (THE) BEST 46 MINUTES EVER RECORDED.  YOU AIN'T GOT THIS,YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE MISSING!
0783240287|4.0|I thought this was a pretty good video.  In response to one comment, I also wasn't wild about Maria Friedman compared to Laurie Beechman, but I warmed up to her on my second viewing.  As for alternatives, a great choice  would have been Liz Callaway, formerly of Cats, Anastasia, etc.  Also, I  don't know how much more complete this version could have been, other than  the megamix, which was irrelevant anyway.  If you have a choice, get the  DVD because the documentary is worth watching.
0380002930|5.0|To all those who didn't understand it, I read this book when I was in second grade and loved it!  It is my second favorite book, after The  Godfather, even after six years (I'm in eighth now) of reading hundreds of  books.  I was not forced to read it, I did on my own and I'm glad I did.   The story is so wonderful on so many levels.  I've read it at least three  times and look forward to reading it many more times in years to come.  Try  it again.
6305750750|5.0|This is one of the best movies of all time... Magical and beautiful!
6305750750|5.0|Great movie did exactly what it should, exite everyone about episodes II and III, bring them on
B0000004V2|5.0|I remember sitting on the floor of my friends San Diego apartment in 1989. It must have been around 80 degrees outside and the golden California sunlight was filtering through the blinds.  The stereo was on at a  reasonable volume and my friends were getting their gear ready for the  beach in the bedrooms down the hall.  A bassline from the speakers suddenly  caught my attention, followed by a guitar riff with a vaguely Japanese  motif that was nothing like I had ever heard before.  The song was I Wanna  Be Adored and it remains to this day the only song to which I can recall  the exact moment of first listen.  This is my favorite collection of songs  and not a month goes by in which I do not let it invade, soothe and  energize my mind.  This is also my most hated album because it sets such a  high standard for pop music that few, if any, have approached. I cannot  think of another record  (and I'm talking about the record as a whole, not  individual songs) that has had the ability to conjure such disparate  emotions, from disappointment to optimism, longing for something more to  total satisfaction. It is a first love and an old familiar companion.  It  is a jealous partner not wanting you to love anyone but them as well as the  most generous open-minded lover of your dreams. I think you know what I  mean.  Oh yeah, and it is only an album.
B00003Q438|5.0|Assuming you liked the movie in the first place - this DVD is a *must* have.  I have never seen so much covered in a special features section on a DVD.  Everything.  Absolutely everything.  The script (several versions),  the making-of (several versions), more production notes than you have time  to deal with, commentary, etc...  Not to mention both versions of the movie  are there.
6302293553|5.0|Beware: this zany Arthurian adventure can drive you crazy, it has some brilliant hilarious moments, then it has some simply not funny scenes, but you just gotta laugh at how bad the jokes are and of the faces of the  Python gang, they were just born funny. If you're a fan of the Monty Python  gang you'll enjoy it more, also if you like Mel Brooks take a look at this.  Great legendary comic squetches: from the nights who say 'NI' and killer  rabbits to vulgar Frenchmen and 3-headed nights. My favorite and funniest  scene is where King Arthur dismembers the black night, but he is so  arrogant he doesn't accept he's loosing and finally calls it a draw. Very,  very funny. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
6304493681|4.0|Maybe I'm just being really nitpicky, but I was really disappointed by the end credits on this DVD edition of Ghost in the Shell.  Yes, the end credit sequence.  I know how ridiculous that sounds.  This version of the film  ends with the credits of the English dub, which mistranslate a few of the  characters' names and scroll to a fast, upbeat European-sounding techno  piece which utterly spoils the creepy, ambiguous mood as the movie ends.   The English-subtitled VHS version, by contrast, used the original Japanese  end credits set to the original music by Kenji Kawai (a continuation of the  chanting theme that appears over the opening credits and the  &quot;Wandering the Streets&quot; sequence).  I know how crazy this all  must sound, but it really hurts the experience of this movie to hear the  beginning of Kawai's brilliant original music as that last shot of the city  fades away, then hear awful techno when the credits begin.  If Manga wants  to give us a Japanese audio track then they should make it a friggin'  Japanese audio track, giving us the original music and simulating the  experience of seeing this film in a Japanese movie theater.  (They should  also have given us a DD 5.1 Japanese audio track, but we can't have  everything.)  Otherwise this is a great disc and an absolutely essential  purchase for any fan of anime or just great science fiction in general.   I'm probably the only one who cares about something like this, so don't let  me discourage you from getting one of the greatest movies ever made.
0792840054|4.0|This is Joan Crawford's movie all the way. Women's film noir. Great direction by Michael Curtiz, and a top-notch supporting cast. Ann Blyth is a stand-out as the bitchy ungrateful little daughter. It has some  soap-operish qualities but it still doesn't diminish the quality and the  entertainment value of the film. Joan Crawford delivers a legendary  performance. Great script that also works as a murder mystery. From a scale  of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
B00000JCB2|1.0|The singer is just full of himself amoung other  things. The musicians think they're great but  really are pretty mediocre. They could learn a few things by paying better attention to Rage. For rap, I'm sticking to Dre  &amp; Snoop Dogg.
0783229887|4.0|When I was 28 years old, the first Childs Play came and I loved it. When I was 29 part 2 came and I did not like as well as I did the first one. The next one came out and I liked it very much. The doll told another little  boy that he was going to make him play a game called Hide the soul. The  little boy had a horrifying look on his face. The little boy told Chucky  that he did'nt like that game or Hide the soul either. I liked it better  than the other three because it was such a horror movie that it was a  comedy. There is going to be another one because at the end after Chucky  got shot it showed the bride in a cemetary and a tiny Chucky was coming out  of her.It will probably be called Son of Chucky or child of Chucky and that  will be hilarious to see Family of Chucky. I have never had trouble with  any movie scaring me, but this movie caused a doctors visit and a bill.
B00004SC3M|4.0|Why in the name of all things holy is this special edition cheaper than the regular one? Buy it. I got shafted with the original edition, which is still very good... but I'm not going to buy the special edition now to get  all the extras. Irritated? Yes.
0373834454|5.0|and a stammering heroine! As always, Heyer's dialogue is spot on, her characterisation warm and powerful, and her characters very strongly drawn. The Convenient Marriage is considered in some circles to be one of the  finest ever examples of a romance that portrays a flawed and unorthodox  heroine, with its portrayal of the stammering, plain Horatia, and her  marriage of convenience to the extremely handsome Earl of Rule, thus  releasing her sister from any obligation to marry Rule. How Rule discovers  the truth of his heart, and that he loves his funny, extravagant little  wife, makes for moving reading, whilst Heyer gives us abundant humour in  her portrayal of the mincing, petulant dandiprat Crosby Drelincourt; and in  the escapades of Horatia. It is all the greatest of great good fun, and one  of Heyer's most easily accessible books - its readability, exuberance and  humour make it an excellent book for a potential introduction to the world  of Georgette Heyer. However, this book is NOT a Regency Romance, but a  Georgian Romance, and if you don't think it's as historically accurate as  she usually is, consider that it is set in 1770 - about 50 years earlier  than usual! It's still a lot of fun.
6305750750|5.0|George Lucas has written a fabulous script for TPM! This is by far the best movie I've ever seen.
6305622825|1.0|The only redeeming qualities of this movie is Catherine Zeta Jones' stunning face/body and some nice scenery.  The scenes of the heist in Kuala Lampur as well as the Scottish castle scenes had some incredibly  picturesque backgrounds.  However, the plot is convoluted to the point  where the &quot;tense&quot; moments lack suspense because the viewer is too  confused to figure out what is going on.  The director attempts to bombard  the audience with plot twists but there are too many twists and turns that  don't really seem to make any sense.  The age difference between Connery  and Jones detracts from the believability of their romance.  If you're  looking for a movie about a heist, go with Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo in  the Thomas Crown Affair.
B00003CWPR|3.0|I watched this entire movie with my eyes WIDE OPEN, and I STILL didn't get it!  What was the point?  What was the plot?  Was there a plot?  I suppose it's one of those artsy masterpieces that is SUPPOSED to be really deep and  intellectual; but it just comes across as, well, STRANGE!  There was this  weird otherworldly, (i.e., totally UNREALISTIC)quality to every scene; but  maybe therein lies the point:  The whole movie was really just a dream?  As  I said, I'm still confused!  In the film, Cruise plays a doctor who's wife  (Kidman) is suffering from an acute case of sexual jealousy.  She's  convinced her husband is having affairs with his attractive patients, (and  whether this is true or not, is never really revealed)!  One night, in a  fit of dope-induced anger, the doctor's wife reveals that she herself had  an affair - thus sending her husband out into the night on a &quot;sexual  oddysey of revenge,&quot; (at least I THINK that's what it was)!  This  movie is loaded with dark, sexual undertones and plenty of FULL frontal and  &quot;backal&quot; nudity, (which may have been it's only draw at the  box-office)!   Cruise and Kidman's characters are very unlikable in the  story; there is no warmth of depth of character displayed, whatsoever.   However, on the plus side, I can't say the movie was BORING - just WEIRD!   Perhaps it's one of those movies you have to watch a few times in order to  &quot;get it!&quot; My opinion? Definitely RENT before BUYING!
B000002HH9|5.0|I am a huge Cure fan.  I think this is one of the nicest albums I have ever purchased.  If I was the lead singer of a bad I would hope one day I could even come close to making an album like this.  Robert Smith strayed  away from Cure like albums and I am glad he did.  If he really wanted to he  could make Faith, over and over again, but he chooses not to.  Robert Smith  himself was quoted as sayin that this is the most complete album he has  ever made.  Period.
B00003Q438|4.0|First of all, let me make it clear that I would love to give this DVD five stars, however, small flaws prevent me from doing so.  <br />Features:  The content included on the double disc pack is absolutely incredible.  The  inclusion of both the directors and editors cuts along with the documentary  and storyboards shows a real attention to detail on behalf of the producers  of the DVD.  The documentary is both entertaining and informative, worth a  couple of viewings alone, and puts other &quot;featurettes&quot; to  shame.<br />Picture:  My only gripe is with aspects of the picture quality.   The dark tones and subtle contrast of the underwater scenes do exhibit a  digital &quot;feel&quot; at times.  Although the effect is quite subtle, it  is far more apparent than what you would expect from a production of this  calibre.  I watched the film on a 21&quot; Sony TV, and, given a larger  widescreen model, I do think there is a distinct possibility of the  digitization being distracting at times.<br />Overall, although I have only  given this DVD 4 stars, I do have to recommend it strongly. The design and  content of the disc illustrate exactly what the DVD medium should always  offer.  In terms of production, it puts the additional features of most  DVD's to shame.  Having said this, I cannot ignore the small flaws in  picture quality, which have marred and otherwise perfect production.  -Richard Shaw
6300184269|5.0|This movie is AMAZING! ..even though I was only a mere 1 year old when it was made...I wish I was the age i am now back then because Ilan Mitchell-Smith is a definate hottie!  I think everybody can relate to this  movie in one way or another, and come on, you can't sit for more than 2  minutes without laughing! i DEFINATLy suggest this movie to ANYONE willing  ot have a good time!
6305648522|5.0|I could boast that I am an Italian film buff. I have in my collection: Seven Beauties, Swept Away, The Monster, and Amarcord. And I recently viewed, Life is Beautiful. Cinema Paradiso is similar in intelligence and  charm. It is heart warming and sad. As in all of these films, you  understand and become sypathetic with the charactor.
6305263248|5.0|This is one amazing movie!  It has some great shootouts and two of the best car chases ever, as well as a clever plot and a terrific cast.  De Niro and Reno are great together, and they deliver one of the best  performances either of them has ever had.  In Ronin they are forced to  bring back the type of acting they used in &quot;The  Professional&quot;--Reno; and &quot;Heat&quot;--De Niro.  Anyone that likes  action movies should definitely see this.
B00001SIES|5.0|Ya, this CD sounds nearly identical to Radiohead... The odd thing to me is that is a good thing. I couldn't expect a better follow-up CD from Radiohead themself. There is no disputing the fact that it sounds like  them. Fans of radiohead thought I had some obscure Radiohead playing when  they heard Muse for the first time.<br />Great CD! Any fan of radiohead should  own Showbiz by Muse!<br />Keep it coming!
0780624890|5.0|This movie rocks!   Blade is very good at his job.  I believe that appearances are everything, and as far as they go, this movie comes off remarkably well.  The beginning is great, with the freaky bloodbath dance  club of lowly suckheads.  The best part there is when the kid that was  brought there by some vampire chick drags himself across the blood-soaked  floor to find the impeccable black-swathed form of Blade standing in his  path.  He makes short work of all the vampires in the whole place in a very  cool slaying scene, but unfortunately does not kill the sidekick vampire  Quinn, who wakes up at the hospital and bites the heroine doctor.  It has  many great scenes, and some awesome charcters.  Deacon Frost, played by  Stephen Dorff, is the coolest vampire ever, and in the finale he makes for  a worthy opponent in the great sword fight between good and evil.  The  whole movie is packed with action and vampire history.  I think everyone  should see this movie and enjoy it.  We shouldn't focus on what isn't good  about this movie--I can think of only one thing--but rather on its good  qualities.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul by the Beatles is the most brilliant, influential, incredible, unsurpassed, album of all time. I have made many lists of the top albums of all time and this one always tops it off.<br />  If your interested Here is my  top 5 1. Rubber Soul : The Beatles 2. Loaded : The Velvet Underground 3.  Blonde on Blonde : Bob Dylan 4. Led Zeppelin IV : Led Zeppelin 5. Rust  Never Sleeps : Neil Young
630575067X|5.0|This was a fantastic prelude to the epic trilogy. Viewers must understand however, that with everything that happened and all the plot twists that occured in Episodes 4-6, it was probably very difficult for George Lucas to  pack in all the plot development that was necessary for this prequel and  still have some juice left over for character development (Many fans of the  Holy Trilogy had high expectations of this film, too high. They expected  everything that the previous films were and then some. The latter three  episodes were jam-packed full of character development and the plot just  followed the characters -- Lucas was able to do this easily because back  then there were no expectations. Which is why they were such a hit, because  people really LOVED the good guys (Rebel Alliance) and HATED the bad guys  (Empire)). The result was that the only characters that had any sort of  development were Queen Amidala and Anakin Skywalker, and this only to  foreshadow their romance that is sure to come in Episode II. Yeah he's only  10, but I mean come on, it's Natalie Portman (great casting Mr. Lucas!).  Besides, how do you think he fathers Luke? So to wrap things up, this is a  fanastic movie. However, as I was told standing in line opening Wednesday,  &quot;You have to watch it with absolutely no expecations, take it for what  it is, and wait for Episode II.&quot;
B000002KD9|5.0|After The Gold Rush is simply one of the greatest albums of all time, and it isn't even Youngs best. However it comes very close to Rust Never Sleeps. The title song and Southern Man Are two of Neil's Best songs ever.
B00004NRWH|5.0|I've had this CD for two weeks now and it hasn't left my CD player yet.  It is AWESOME!   By far the best album of the year!  If you like Creed and Bush, you'll love this album!  One listen to this CD and you'll use your  Creed and Bush CD's for coasters it's that good!
B000002KDG|5.0|Rust Never Sleeps is Neil Youngs Best Album To Date, which is saying alot. This album has a much more raw sound than the clean, but almost equally brilliant After The Gold Rush. Rust cintains some of his best acoustic  songs like Thrasher and Sail Away and Some of his hardest rocking songs  like Welfare Mothers and The Amazing Sedan Delivery. If you like this  album, than Live Rust is an absolute must have also
0871137380|5.0|Mr. Bowden has done a fantastic job of re-creating the October 1993 firefight between mostly U.S. forces and militia loyal to warlord Mohamed Aidid which left almost 2 dozen Americans and hundreds of Somolians dead.  He does not focus on the political aspects of this nightmare any more than  needed, this is most truly a war story. Mr. Bowden explains how he was able  to interview so many combatants and provides copious amounts of notes to  back things up. Mr. Bowden went so far as to visit Mogadishu to interview  Somolian combatants (who tried to sell him the helmets of downed American  aviators) which must have been a story in itself. Equipment, tactics,  personel and weapons are described in depth. There are parts of this book  that I imagine the government would not have made public if it were up to  them. The description of the fight in downtown will have you ducking as  Somoli gunmen fire AK-47s and RPG rockets from crowds, alleyways, windows  and rooftops, helicoters swoop in guns blasting, shellcases falling like  rain as one by one  American soldiers are hit. I really wish some of the  decision makers that have deployed American forces to other hot spots  around the world would read this. It's a great book, but it's so sad.
B000005IU2|5.0|Fun House is the ULTIMATE Stooges album. Loose is one of my favorite songs by them along with T.V. Eye and Dirt. There is no denying the sheer loudness, harshness, and how agressive this album is, even by today's  standards. A must have, Buy Today Along With The Stooges first album and  Raw Power.
0783226160|5.0|This film by John Landis hardly needs to be reviewed but I will anyway. Animal House follows the misadventures of a group of Frat brothers and pledges at &quot;Faber College&quot;. For the misbehavior they engage in  they are placed on Double Secret Probation by the evil Dean Wormer who  desires to rid the campus of these boys. The adventures these young men  embark on involve just about any and everything...a drunken road trip, 3  scenes with farm animals, a food fight, lots of liquor, sex with under-aged  girl, pot smoking, seducing married women, sex in cars, bra stuffing,  picking up girls from the obituary column (no kidding), cheating on tests,  vandalism, sexual toys/aids, indoor motorcycle riding...and that is only a  sample! This movie is a rite of passage, there are many classic one liners  in it and the sound track is great, the music reflects the mood and time  perfectly. I saw that not all reviewers liked the movie...hey, what was  that written on the Deathmobile?
B000002KCC|5.0|Tonight is Neil Youngs greatest effort out of any of his albums. You Can really tell that Neil really tried to make this a great album and he achieved much more. This is one of the most memorable albums I ahve ever  listened to. Get it as soon as you can.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Anyone who even mutters the word &quot;punk&quot; in association with Blink 182 needs to have &quot;punk&quot; defined.  &quot;Punk&quot; is Dead Kennedys, Anti-Flag, Black Flag, Crass, The Business, The Descendents,  Rancid, Bad Religion, NOFX, AFI, etc.  It is being aware of the messed up  things happening in the world around you.  It is fighting for what you know  to be right and fighting against what you know to be wrong.  It is  resisting racists, homophobes, sexists, Nazis, religious zealots and all  intolerant people.  It is about helping those that need a hand and not  about doing only what helps you.       Blink 182 is none of these things.   It deserves to be labeled teeny bobber, and to be lumped in with Ricky  Martin and The Backstreet Boys.  I am happy for you if you like Blink 182,  but please don't damage a legitimate movement, the punk movement, by  associating Blink 182 with it.
B000003TAL|5.0|Sonic Youth's Daydream Nation is incredible. It is one, if not the best album of its genre. Also, It is one of the most influential albums of the last 15 years. Even if you are not a fan of this style, you will still  enjoy this album which contains some of the most influential and  revolutionary albums since the Velvet Underground. Buy It.
6305750750|5.0|Despite some cheesy dialogue, I think this is the best movie I've ever seen. The other Star Wars movies don't even come close to the awe of this masterpiece. The effects were spectacular, the soundtrack was moving, the  action nailed me to the floor, Ewan made a perfect Obi-Wan, and Jar Jar was  the most likable character. There is nothing wrong with Jar Jar. Jar Jar,  in the words of Bill Clinton, &quot;I feel your pain.&quot; If any one  wants to talk about an annoying character, they should talk about Anakin or  his kiddie friends.
044022165X|5.0|John Grisham, a former lawyer, tried to show to his readers that he looks for the truth. The truth which is impossible to find in these days. Days of money and lies. Nobody likes to give money away, but nobody likes to die  neither. Between a sick poor guy and a large insurance company there is one  thing - money. Money for life. This story impies that the insurance is not  always the best thing. There are so many people out there who try to get  your money and to give nothing back. They just want to rob you and nothing  else. And somebody has to fix all this unfairness. Grisham is not able to  do that by himslef, his job is to show the truth about this world, and how  many unclear deals there are behind these big companies. Grisham took the  first step. Who will be next?
B000002UJQ|5.0|it has taken me 3 years to get this album. boy, am i shocked by the results! this album makes me feel very edgy, very any-minute-something-can-happen. an element of schizophrenia to this. it's  a scary album to listen to, and it will take a while 4 u 2 understand,  because there are so many levels on which to appreciate this. on one hand,  u think 'how could they have conceived this?' and u marvel at the technical  side of it. on the other hand, u notice what kinds of observations are made  about 'humans' and 'machines'. who dehumanized/humanized who? there's the  lyrics, which express the human state as we are so absorbed in the  technology of things and where we are and where we are going. there's thom  yorke's voice, thin yet just so expressive at capturing the desperation of  the music in general. there's the haunting, multilayered and textured  guitar lines, meant to add to the scariness of it all. yet none of it would  mean a hill of beans if it weren't 4 the fantastic songs, capturing an  already great band at a height that hopefully does not intimidate future  efforts. when i hear this album i think of 'the matrix', 'pi', 'run lola  run', etc.; movies that have an air of tension in their postmodern  attitude, stance, whatever. some of this music could slip into some of  those films and would only add 2 the tension. and yet this album is a  guitar album that any guitar freak would love 2 learn and copy. best 2  listen 2 alone in the dark with a great pair of headphones on c.d. and  there should be no other way. arguably the last classic album released in  the 20th century.
B000002UEB|5.0|I owned only two Queensryche albuns to date: the EP and &quot;EMPIRE&quot;. I heard too much talking about &quot;OPERATION..&quot; so I decided to buy it. I'll say to you: this is the ultimate conceptual  metal  albun of all times. It's thousand miles better than  &quot;EMPIRE&quot;. Geoff Tate sings like his life depends on it. The  lyrics are political, contundent, a real history. The best Queensryche  albun.
0394716787|5.0|When it comes to classic, ancient literature, few beat Poe, the man credited with creating science fiction (though his was more of a speculative fiction) and the modern detective story (with Murders in the  Rue Morgue).  Two creations to be proud of.  And while authors like  Hemmingway and Fitzgerald are often called dated, in a hundred years Poe  will still be Poe.  They're still effective as anything written today.   Although they might not horrify the modern horror readers.  Not that Poe  was all about horrifying you anyways.  I think people get the wrong idea of  Poe.  Thinking his writings to be all gory and morbid.  Reading his work  (especially his poems)he seems to be filled with more sadness than madness.   And sometimes hope shines through his hoplessness.  He's actually a pretty  diverse artist of words.<br />There are various collections of Poe, and this  one is good as any (and as a plus, it has a jazzy cover).  There are  various stories and poems that are alone worth the price.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Never have I been so frightened by a father telling his son to take a shower or touched by the son's temporary misunderstanding of what his father did for him. It must've taken a very large artistic and humanitarian  vision to create such a movie.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The beauty of Kubrick's films lies in their ability to withstand the test of time. One must absorb the rich content and transluscent cinematography over many screenings, with each subsequent viewing bringing more breadth  and scope to his luscious formations and juxtapositions. Not for the casual  moviegoer looking for a fast-food type cinematic experience, Eyes Wide Shut  is a film that should be studied, not viewed. Watching it once and hastily  declaring it ineffective is OK; it just means you're not a fan of deep  introspective thinking. Stick to Armageddon or Mission to Mars. EWS is the  type of film that leaves a residue on your psyche as soon as the final  credits roll. Watching it with friends will leave you all speechless as you  search for meaning and the message in Kubrick's ornate plot. Of course, if  you appreciate surgically precise cinematography, then any Kubrick film is  worth watching. However, to be enveloped in a transcendental world where  nothing is what it seems and dream is reality and vice versa, then EWS is a  must for your eyes.
B000002UB6|4.0|Let it Be is a good album by a great band.  The Beatles intended to record the album in front of a live audience in what would have been their first concert in years.  It never happened.  Instead they performed an impromptu  rooftop concert, and the London police cut even that short.  The Beatles  tired of the project and hired the legendary producer Phil Specter to turn  it into an album.  Their choice couldn't have been more inappropriate.   Spector took some songs that were recorded live and dressed them up strings  and choruses (Let it Be &amp; Long &amp; Winding Road).  The album was also  filled out with two songs; Across the Universe &amp; I Me Mine weren't even  recorded in the original sessions and sound out of place.  The end result  is a mish mash of some great songs that just don't feel like they fit  together.  I'm a big Beatle's fan, but I rarely put this album on and now  that Anthology 3 has almost all of these songs in their original form, I  may never play it again.  Incidentally, Spector acquitted himself later by  producing two of the best solo Beatle's albums: John's &quot;Plastic Ono  Band&quot; and George's &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;
B00004RD54|4.0|This new remastering has improved the sound to such an extent that the other half of the concert,as heard on Lou Reed Live,sounds like a cassette dub.The 2 bonus tracks are not to the standard of the rest of the album,  but worth adding. Great new sound and amazing performance. Here's hoping  the same process will update Lou Reed Live.
0767836251|4.0|Over here in England Cruel Intentions is only a 15,which makes it highly popular and appealing to it's age group. The movie is great,the only problem is the slow beginning which actually derivates the films average  slightly . Still the film is HOT and saucy. The plot is interesting with a  mega twist towards the end that will make your stomach churn. Gellar and  Witherspoon's performances are excellent and Ryan Philippe does well  considering that he has been voted for one of the worst performances in  movie 54. Cruel Intentions is a very different type of teen flick,nasty and  raw to the bone.With a script that you could never imagine repeating to  your average British boyfriend!  The film is doing well in England at the  mo' And let's face it,cruel definitely rules!
0448060191|4.0|I had to read a novel for my high school English class.  I picked &quot;Little Women&quot; because I had seen all the movies.  I thought that I would be able to get through the book without concentrating, or wanting to...but was I wrong.  Not only did I enjoy the book, but it was different  from the movie which made it exciting to read.  Meg- the mature one,  Joe-the adventurous one, Beth-the fragile one, and Amy- the pampered one  come together to prove how important love is.  One would not expect that  these four &quot;young women&quot; have the knowledge and intelligence to  not only teach, but make an impact on the reader's life.  But they do!    Throughout the life of these girls, they suffer a great deal of hardships.   Their father is at war, and their mother forced to leave for a great deal  of time.  These girls manage to take care of themselves and eachother,  never forgetting the lessons their mother has taught them.  Read the book.   It is about 450 pages and it took me two weeks.  (That is only because my  English teacher made me keep a journal).  The great thing about this book  is that it did not spend 50 pages giving an introduction to the story.  The  first line is a quote- most of the novel is dialogue which also makes the  reading easier.  I recomend it.  For school, or just recreational,  &quot;Little Women&quot; by Louisa May Alcott is a book that every 11-18  year old girl should read.
0446347949|5.0|I have been marketing high technology products for 20 years. I read this book many years ago - it has stuck in my mind ever since. It is clear, concise, and right on target. Unfortunately, I lent the book out and lost  track of it. It went out of print for a while and I couldn't replace it. I  am thrilled to find it is in print again - I just ordered a dozen for my  staff and me.
0385486804|1.0|I was horrified all the way through this book.  The man described was clearly suffering from a mental illness.  The book was written as if to  glorify an irresponsible way of life.  This was not an adventure, it was  about a man who could not cope with life, and tried to escape into a  fantasy land of no people.  And, his feeble and naive attempt killed him.
630575067X|4.0|Before I even get into the film itself, I must say that the standard edition is NOT the proper way to view this film. Unlike the original trilogy, Lucas utlizes the entire theaterical screen, and on the standard  version bits have been cut off as to make the action seem cramped and  uncomfortable. The lightsaber duel against the destroyer droids at the  film's beginning is a good example of this. Sometimes a character will turn  their head, only to stare off at nothing because the other character has  been cut off. By all means, shell out the extra $$ for widescreen, its  worth it. Other than that, Episode One is an excellent, action-packed  sci-fi film, with incredible special effects (no-duh), a John Williams  patented score (featuring duel of the fates) and cameos by several familiar  characters. My only complaint is that the boring parts of the movie do  start to get to you on the standard edition, because the extra interesting  surrounding eye-candy has been cut off. I still fill a tingle run through  my body each time I watch the federation ship blow up at the film's  conclusion, it's THAT good!
630575067X|3.0|When this movie first came out, i bought my tickets a week in advance and showed up at the theater 2 hours before the movie began. 2 hours and 13 minutes later, i walked out, amazed.  My eyes never left the screen the  entire time, and my hands were still shaking with excitement from it. My  brain was numb, and I came out of their completely satisfied.  Then, a week  later, the numbness wore off, and I began to compare it to the previous  Star Wars movies.  This movie is a great movie, one with amazing special  effects and interesting (yet predictable) plot twists.  Still, the  originals still stand in a class of their own, that this one does not  reach.  This is definately a movie I encourage you to see, however don't  watch with expectations of the original trilogy. This movie loses alot of  it's glamor on the small screen, but is still one that should be bought,  watched, and put on a shelf, but do not stack it with your older collection  of the original trilogy, because this doesn't even come close.
B000002BYD|5.0|the best rock'n'roll album years.'yield'is pearl jams best album yet?
B00003CWN3|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I love Annette Bening, but after seeing&quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; you will have no doubt why Hilary Swank wonthe Oscar.  Besides, for me somehow the hatred and desolation that can exist in small-town America is a story that needs to be told more than yet another of well-money suburban ennui.  END
0679437223|5.0|Catch 22 has joined my list of all-time favorites. The piercing humor and wonderfully drawn characters (especially poor Major Major and the put-upon chaplain) impressed me.  Just when I thought Joseph Heller couldn't top himself, he would startle me with yet another brilliant passage.  Yes,  there are a lot of characters and yes, the book plays with time, but be  patient, stick with it and you will be rewarded.  Also, the Everyman's  edition is beautiful!
6305750750|3.0|This is a fact: The Phantom Menace is not as good as the first three Star Wars movies.  Sorry, George.  I watched the original trilogy mere days before viewing Episode I and the problem is clear.  The old movies were  based on humanity and close friendships, and the new one is all technical  talk and machinery.  Lucas has seriously misjudged the characters of Anakin  and Jar Jar - skipping around exclaiming &quot;yippee!&quot; does not  suggest a dark soul, and falling over a lot isn't funny.  It's a pity Lucas  didn't recognise the good stuff and throw out the bad when writing his  screenplay because he has to realise the Star Wars movies ARE sensational,  and to make a new one it MUST exceed them, or at least match them.   Otherwise, what's the point?
0782008364|4.0|Jeez, the film is good looking. The sets, costumes, the leads, the production, the editing, etc. The plot twists involving the heist are tricky and unpredictable. I had not seen Joe Palotiano before and he has  energy to burn. <br />Unfortunately, the twisting plot was at the expense of  the relationship developement between the two ladies. The seduction scene  came on really fast (and is still hard to beat because it was so  convincingly verbal and not visual - the close up of Meg Tilly's heavy  breathing and shaking, her ghasping whipers, pleading to Gina Gershon -  well, I certainly bought it!). But once the steam clears, it's a full on  robbery/cheesy mafia movie. The uniqueness of the ladies gets swept  aside.<br />Sorry to be nitpicking, but it sure would've been nice if the  by-the-numbers Mafia stuff was replaced by some other classier motif
0767817486|3.0|This movie is not a bad movie since it is from the hands of Oliver Stone and Alan Parker..But it is very racist. Can you imagine a country where all the individuals are bad people? Not seems logical to me..Exaggerated..A  REPLY TO OUR FRIEND TRIANDAFILLOU WHO POSTED A MESSAGE ON FEB.20: REMEMBER  YOUR COUNTRY 25 YEARS AGO? HAVE YOU SEEN COSTA GAVRAS' 'MISSING'? HE MADE  THAT MOVIE TO PROTEST THE SITUATION IN HIS (AND ALSO YOUR OWN!)  COUNTRY.BACK THEN,THERE WERE MANY MISSING AND TORTURE CASES IN GREECE.GO ON  AND READ SOME BOOKS ON GREEK NEAR HISTORY.YOU MAY BE SURPRISED AT WHAT YOU  WILL SEE!
0679409998|5.0|Unlike The Scarlet Letter, which some may find difficult to partake of, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein comes eas to any reader while maintaining the feel of a magnificent work of art. Shelley's story of a man set upon  creating a being of his own is undaunting and horrifying, suspenseful and  emotional. There is no doubt that this novel has received many praises by  countless amounts of people, praises for its incorporation of naturistic  and societal themes, the emotions of Victor Frankenstein and his creation,  and a storyline that never stops moving. One will not soon forget its words  after reading it, which marks this novel as a great literary achievement.
052594527X|3.0|This work of fact based fiction isn't all that the hype would have you believe. But I have that problem with so many of the last year's crop of books that many expected, or wanted so much from ('Tis, Heartbreaking Work  of Staggering Genius to name a couple.)  However, I DID like it. I loved  the way that the spare prose, which reads almost like a young adult novel,  perfectly reflects the simple protestant character of Griet. It is a quiet,  unexciting, slow book, but in part, that must be because Griet is all of  these things, and the story is told through her. <br />Yes, Griet is annoying,  and I also found it irritating that all the men in the book lust after her,  that she know best how to launder, sew, cook, and that she is assuming and  interfering (basting and salting Tanneke's joint, moving the things in  Vermeer's studio to perfect the composition of his painting), but it is  possible that someone like her could exist. She appears to be all these  things in order to highlight the traits of the other characters - gives us  something good and fairly pure to compare them to. Rather simplistic, I  know, but that's what got from it. <br />The book is slow. But I found this  made it incredibly relaxing and pleasurable to read. Added to which, the  rare moments of excitement, especially where Vermeer touches Griet's cheek  and wipes her tear away (the tear resembling the earings that he forces her  to wear against her will), or the shock of her allowing Pieter to fondle  her in an alley, are intensified if only because they are so different from  what we expect from her. Some parts shine, necessary glitter against the  otherwise dull backdrop of the novel; again, reflecting the purpose of the  earring in Vermeer's painting - to catch the eye and provide an unexpected  focus. Even then, these occurences are still simple, and the sex is very  understated, almost not there at all. I would certainly give this to a  reasonably mature child of 13 to read. This book ismuch more skillfully  crafted than it at first seems, and I appreciate it for that. <br />I don't  really have a problem with the spareness of the text, Griet's supposedly  perfect character, or the slow pace - I think the book actually benefits  from all this. What I would have liked to see, being British and living in  Holland, is more detail of Dutch life in the 17th century - many  situational details seemed absent, and Chevalier did not, for me, create a  vivid picture of her chosen time and setting.  Though it will surely be  quickly forgotten, &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring' is a very relaxing,  calm and pretty read.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Say what you will about Santana's latest, but it's nothing short of astonishing!  You're not going to want to read a full-blown review from a little ole' amateur such as myself, but with the exception of Lauryn Hill's  one track this is as perfect and diversified a album can be.<br />Yes, it's  probably true that the main reason for the success of Supernatural lies  with the 'guest' musicians, but Carlos is the glue that holds 'em all  together.  Not just the current singles, but for the ones to come...<br />This  is truly the one CD that seems to have pleased everyone.  Newcomers take  note...the true essence of this milagro is the man himself...way to go  Carlos, you truly rock.
B000002GI0|5.0|JOHN HIATT IS A MAN FOR ALL SEASONS.  HE IS THE ONLY SONGWRITER THAT I KNOW OF WHO CAN MAKE YOU LAUGH YOUR HEAD OFF ON ONE SONG &quot;TENNESSEE PLATES&quot; AND ON ANOTHER SONG &quot;ICY BLUE HEART&quot; LEAVE YOU IN A  RIVER OF TEARS, AND THEN PROCEED TO MAKE YOU SHAKE YOUR HEAD IN WONDER AT A  SONG LIKE &quot;TRUDY AND DAVE&quot;.  THIS IS THE MY FAVORITE CD OF ALL  TIME. BECAUSE IT BRINGS OUT THE WHOLE GAMUT OF EMOTIONS IN THE LISTENER.   EVERY SONG ON SLOW TURNING, HAS SOMETHING TO SAY AND IT SAYS IT IN A UNIQUE  AND ENJOYABLE WAY.  HE IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE MOST PROLIFIC SONGWRITER  TODAY AND MAYBE EVER.  CHECK THIS ONE OUT FOLKS. YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I saw this movie shortly after it came out with my father. A 16 year old daughter watching this with her early forties dad was a little uncomfortable at first, but not terribly. We're both mature movie goers,  which helped.  This movie portrays life as it really is for certain  people's worlds. The problems the characters face are extremely common, yet  not stereotpyed to the point where we are annoyed. I've heard some people  comment on the characters being underdeveloped, but I perceived the  opposite. I felt I knew them inside and out, and could put myself in any of  their shoes at any moment. Amusement, disgust, fear, and pity are just a  few of the emotions brought out by this fulfilling cast. If you are not  comfortable with mature situations, this movie is not for you!
B00000373U|5.0|Elliot Smith is a god. He's from Portland, Oregon which is appropriate since Elliot is sort of rainy-day type music. Somtimes backed by a band, his music mostly consists of just his guitar and melodic voice. His lyrics  are amazingly moving and original. I think this is his best work. Buy it;  you won't regret it!
0060977493|5.0|Last year, as a part of my summer reading, I was made to choosebetween The Count of Monte Christo and The God of Small Things.Knowing nothing about it, I chose Arundhati Roy's first novel.  I was completely unaware of the whirlwind of words, full of beauty and sorrow, I was about to be swept into.  Roy's eloquint language drips with emotion and passion.  Roy weaves such intricate patterns of words, using techniques like stream of consciousness, repetition, and vivid imagery, that the telling of the story almost becomes more important than the story itself . . .almost.  Roy taunts and teases the reader, from the first chapter on, with hints about the sequence of events to come.  She does this to such an extent that by the time we are actually told what happens we feel like we already know.  This approach gives the book the feel of The Great Stories which Roy describes in her novel as, &quot; . . .the ones you have heard and want to hear again.  The ones you can enter anywhere and inhabit comfortably.  They don't deceive you with thrills and trick endings. They don't surprise you with the unforeseen.  They are as familiar as the house you live in.  Or the smell of your lover's skin.  You know how they end, yet you listen as though you don't . . . In the Great Stories you know who lives, who dies, who finds love, who doesn't&quot; (218).  Despite this active use of foreshadowing Roy somehow manages to create a sense of magic and mystery that completely enthralled me throughout.  The story is told through a series of flashbacks from the perspective of Rahel, a dizygotic twin whose &quot;single siamese soul&quot; leads her to return to the home she grew up in to be reunited with her twin brother, Estha, along with memories of &quot;bottled fear&quot; and &quot;tender mango-shaped&quot; secrets.  Beneath the thick layers of plot and vivid language, the delicate yet powerful tales of human condition, are the underlying problems of India, the &quot;Big Things.&quot; These are the things that seem to affect, so directly, the &quot;small things&quot; and at the same time make them seem so insignificant. (20).  Themes such as love laws, and time as a destroyer run through the entire novel and act as both the small things and the large things.  Arundhati Roy's first novel is truly an exquisite work.  Definatly, &quot;Loved from the beginning.&quot; END
0060107081|5.0|Angela Carter wields a deliciously decadent pen once again in The Bloody Chamber. This slim volume is packed with familiar tales retold with a dark gothic twist, each tempered with a saucy wit and the ability to impart new  meaning onto old standards. Heroines are erotic, independant and canny, and  their victories contain a bite, an edge that places these tales outside the  traditional happy ending. Stories are beautifully overblown and hyperreal.  The Bloody Chamber is stunning in its delicacy and sly, subtle humour that  tempers even the darkest tale. This world is very female , where the  instigators of action and solvers of perilous events are mothers,  daughters, wives and wild girls. Carter's work  is too beautiful to  describe - she needs to be read again and again, and each time, a new shade  can be seen to her impressive legacy. She is an addictive read.
0451160916|5.0|I loved it, it was super terriffic!Yamma Hamma Hoochie Mamma! I loved it!
0553213342|5.0|Boy meets girl, they hate each other at first sight, then fall in love. Only Jane Austen could take such a cliche and turn it in a beautiful story, romantic but not corny, witty, and evocative. Okay, the dialogue is somewhat difficult to follow, especially for those of us whose first  language is not English (the first time I tried to read this book I just  couldn't get past the first couple of pages), but once you get used to it,  you instantly fall in love with the story and the writer. I have read most  of Jane Austen's books, but this one remains my favorite.
0451160916|1.0|I thought this book was interesting in the beginning, but after a while it got a little wierd.  The wierd part was the dacing robot, but the book crossed the line into bazzar when the alien spacecraft landed in the suburban community of Shaker Heights, Ohio. Super Terrific, but strange.
B000002H70|5.0|The songs of this CD had entered my life 11 years ago. And, till now, when I play Disintegration everything around me becomes poetry, it borrows beauty to the simpliest moments of my life, transform really silly things  in priceless experiences. I think it's like a musical acid. It really  change my mindwaves, making me see the world prettier and poetical. The  best CD I ever heard.<br />Sorry for the poor English.<br />I hope you to be very  happy.
B00000K31V|5.0|...a bit slow at first...actually for the first hour...but once they enter eXistenZ this is one wild ride...this film was compared to the Matrix, but this is nothing like the Matrix...it is it's own little movie with a  terrific ending that blew me away...
B000003CKH|5.0|This is one of the best CD's ever.  I bought it after hearing &quot;The Distance&quot; and &quot;Frank Sinatra&quot;, and all of the songs are awesome.  Cake is one of the greatest bands ever.  BUY THIS CD, you will  love it.
0671042858|5.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is unlike most of Stephen King's books. Usually, he likes to write the gory horror stories, while this is more spirital. This one of my favorite stories by him.<br />It's about a  9-year-old girl who gets lost in the woods. The only thing that keeps her  sanity is her walkman radio, which she has tuned into a baseball game. Her  favorite player Tom Gordon, and the only thing that helps her fight against  the dark woods everything that she dreams is out there...<br />Very good.  Very, very good book.
B000002KHF|5.0|Im surprised very few people mention Crazy Love which is what i regard as one of the greatest love songs ever written.  This album is a true example of harmony and soul combined to form an overall mellowness...a top choice
0684874350|5.0|After the death of his baby sister, Frank's family leave depression era New York City, to take up residence in the even more impoverished, pre-WW2, Limerick, in which his Northern Irish born father is not accepted despite  `doing his bit' for Ireland in the uprising. And so, the family, without  any income except from what is gained through various charities poor-relief  schemes, and occasional help from begrudging relatives, struggle to  survive. A state not helped by Frank's alcoholic father, who can never hold  a job, drinks the dole, and never sends any money back from England where  he gets a full time job in a munitions factory during the war. <br />Frank,  himself, survives Typhoid and Conjunctivitis, and as soon as he can leaves  school, in spite of his schoolmasters' advice, to earn enough money as a  telegram boy and return to America, and maybe have his mother, Angela, and  his remaining brothers join him in the future.<br />And that's about it  basically. Some readers will find the book to be a source of reminders of  what life was like for them or their forebears in the Ireland of that time.  Some will take it as a simple `against all odds story'. For me though,  there were  elements, which were part of my own upbringing: the rebel songs  like Roddy McCorly, Kevin Barry, etc.,  my dad ( who coincidentally comes  from Antrim, and is a retired school teacher like Frank ) would play on a,  BSR Monarch, record player at home. But unlike Frank, I haven't been asked  to die for Ireland.   But Frank has another message, which is - I think:  Ireland, I owe you nothing. And in spirit, a contradiction to the romantic  stereotype of book and screen,  you can be as cold as Angela's ashes.
6304711921|5.0|When I think of this picture, I am amazed that it was ever made, but I am so happy that it was. It doesn't adhere to the conventions of other animated features in its subject matter and style(perhaps with the  exception of its musical narrative.) It is an imaginative, entertaining  piece of cinematic genius. I watch it every so often just to refresh it in  my mind. It amazes me every time. The music is mesmerizing and fits the  mood and feel of the film perfectly.   I'd be interested in hearing why  people think it is violent. Maybe some cannot justify the dark and creepy  undertones of its characters, don't possess the vocabulary to put it into  words, and can only express their disapproval by tagging it as 'violent',  the worst thing that can be said of an animated feature. This  categorization completely misses the point of the film's unique appeal. At  the core of the story is an endearing character, a pillar of his community,  who is in search of a feeling to break him out of his rut. I think we all  can identify with that emotion at some point. There should be more films of  this quality made.
078062999X|1.0|Oh, dear Kenneth, puhh-leeeeease!  A classic case of &quot;The Emperor's New Clothes&quot;--- most people think if a hammy actor blusters his way through a recitation of archaic english, it MUST be brilliant.  This  picture looks like an easy paycheck stroll for a tired group of ham &amp;  cheese actors.  Read the play.
6304698755|5.0|This film with Loretta Young, Cary Grant and David Niven is much better than the remake the Preacher's Wife with Denzel Washington and Whitney Houstan.  A touching story about a Priest (Niven) so focused on building a  new church that he's forgotten to love his wife. Cary Grant is the angel  sent from heaven after Niven prays for help to build his building.  Of  course, during the holidays, its the spirit of giving and love that should  mean the most.  This film captures the Holiday spirit and is a lovely  romance that makes it my holiday favorite.
B00002R0MC|5.0|one love to all one love to all the albun is very great ot have
0060273224|5.0|Unaware of its amazing story, I picked this book up as a feature in the library.  The story of Sabriel is impressive and moving.  It never dumbs down the characters but the plot moves slow sometimes because it does so. However, the images can be disturbing but to keep the novel realistic,  Nix's descriptions are detailed and somewhat horrific. In the end, the  characters and plot are woven into a surprisingly loving story about family  ties, loyalty, sacrifice and love. This book entertains all ages, but keep  in mind some things are descriptive and may scare and turn off younger  ears.
B000000OUJ|5.0|Whoever reviewed this album with one star has their head away where the sun doesn't shine.  This album has nerve, imagination and a centre.  Just listen and shut up.  No hip-hop gimmickry here, just fine music.  Forget  Puff Daddy and all that cotton wool smoothed out branded market stall  airport music, this is clean.
0782008364|5.0|While the Warchoski Brothers found fame with the Matrix, it was Bound that put them on the map.  A lesbian slash mob film noir, this film sizzles with plot twists, mob hits and a superb cast including Jennifer Tilly, Gina  Gershon and Joe Pantolina(?, traitor in Matrix)! Fast-moving plot, time  flies in this film with weird overhead shots and POV (Point of View) looks  that capture more emotion most films can. If you liked the Matrix and its  action, you should watch this film too.
6305627347|5.0|If you thought you might be crass and politically incorrect.  If you thought you WERE the dark side of the political spectrum.  IF you thought that no one could be ruder, cruder, and nastier than you.  Well you were  wrong.  These boys are driving the buss to hell and you're just long for  the ride.  DO NOT FORGET to use the restroom before watching.  You will  laugh so hard you'll wet your seat.
B000002H70|5.0|This is by far the Cure's best work to date!   I love every last second on this CD, nothing better I don't think...<br />I can relate to almost every song on this CD, I have fond (and not so fond) memories whenever I hear any  song from this CD, I wish they'd make another one like this one!
6305750750|4.0|Sure the dialogue was a tad on the crappy side.  And Jar-Jar Binks was just crap. But this is the only Episode I we're gonna see. Your whines will not get us anywhere. The breath-taking art direction and those bad-ass  light saber duels (particularly the climactic one) is enough for this  easily amused Star Wars nerd to rush to purchase the $40 widescreen edition  (which I just came back from doing).  I not ashamed to say that I enjoyed  this movie at the theatre as much as I loved taking part in the  anticipation.  The whole thing was an experience I was glad to be a part  of.  It was also a wonderful exercise of the joy of immaturity.  I bought  it for the sentiment and the memories more than the quality of the script.
B00000AOUD|5.0|I LOVE THIS ALBUM!   It has to be the most creative album of all time, as far as rock is concerned.  In my mind, it beats out the greats, like Dark Side, Four Symbols, and SGT. Pepper.  It is a 43-minute-long song,  that encompasses all that a rock album should be.  Words can't even  describe the feeling that I get when I hear Thick as a Brick.  'Aqualung'   is a great Tull album, but Thick as a Brick is 10 times better!   I don't  care if you're into Jethro Tull, Ella Fitzgerald, or even Limp Bizkit, DROP  WHAT YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW, AND BUY THIS CD!   'Nuff Said
B000002UAU|3.0|I agree with Bob Dylan, who said the songs really didn't need all that production; and Lou Reed, who called it &quot;gooey pap.&quot;  The difference I've found between Beatles and Stones fans is Beatles fans,  especially those who rate this as their greatest record - it isn't, it's at  least third behind Abbey Road and White Album -- is that Beatles fans tend  to prefer those who started something, and Stones fans tend to prefer those  who perfected something.  Beatles fans prefer bloodless perfection, Stones  fans prefer the unguarded moment of genius.  Beatles fans prefer someone  trying to be as good as they can, Stones fans prefer someone having as much  fun as they can.  Beatles fans appreciate someone &quot;getting it  right,&quot; Stones fans appreciate someone &quot;doing their  thing.&quot;<br />This is why in my estimation Exile On Main Street by the  Stones is the greatest rock record ever made.  I've thought that for the  past 20 years and my opinion won't change tomorrow.  Sgt. Pepper is the  apotheosis of pop, but it has very little to do with what I call  rock'n'roll.  It's not even the most pure pop album ever made -- Something  Else by The Kinks is that -- but it did usher in the age of craft over  inspiration, of polish over rough edges, of the nineteenth take over  &quot;all right, last time lads, let's do it.&quot;<br />In other words, the  beginning of packaged, inoffensive, extrememly marketable corporate rock.    The Backstreet Boys, N'Sync and Spice Girls obviously draw heavily from The  Beatles and Sgt. Pepper in particular; you can easily imagine that they've  never heard Exile On Main Street in their lives.
0090006801|5.0|I first read this book in the 8th grade, (I got the 1967 copy from a friend and refuse to give it back)now I'm a junior in high school I and re- read it every year to remind myself how thankful I should be to veterans.  Burgett goes into great detail about his training and combat experience in  the Normandy invasion.  I recomend this book to anybody young adult and  above who wants to know exactly the horrors that went on in WWII.  Burgett  does not sugar coat anything so be prepared.  One thing about all of his  books is he doesn't really talk a lot about fear only excitement and  anticipation, he leaves fear up to the reader.
B00004RHZU|5.0|i love this song there you go
B000002H2H|5.0|I have been a Metallica-fan for almost two years now, and that's pretty amazing considering I've never been able to like one single group for more than six weeks (before Metallica)!   Anyway, I was going to talk about Ride  the Lightning: it is undoubtedly Metallicas best album! Fight Fire With  Fire is good; fast and hard. Ride the Lightning is a great song, though it  always gets stuck in my head. For whom the bell tolls is one of my  favourites on this album, and so is Fade To Black. I really like Trapped  Under Ice, Creeping Death and, of course, The Call of Ktulu. I also like  Escape, but it's not of the same quality as the other songs. As always the  lyrics are great! I can't think of anything negative about this album.
B000002U6E|5.0|This CD was awesome!  Michael Cretu has done it again.  With his first release of Enigma, I was shocked at the originality.  It was just awesome how he incorporated different (enigmatic) sounds in his music and made it  like one whole song.  His first album was awesome with the revival of the  Gregorian Chants and marvelous lyrics; now he has broght a different,  powerful work with the same essence.  The Cross of Changes concentrates in  a Native American style instead of the Gregorain Chants.  It is beautifully  done!  I love how Michael Cretu has thought of different cultures and  times: Middle Ages of Gregorian Chants, ancient acoustic sounds mixed with  modern synthtic sound, and in the song &quot;Silent Warrior,&quot; the  lyrics explain the Spanish takeover of Mayan culture.  &quot;They took  their land/ They took their lives..../ White men won in the name of  God.&quot;  Very interesting lyrics throughout the music many involving  ethical values.  It begins with &quot;The Second Chapter&quot; describing  that &quot;we came out from the deep to help and understand and not to  kill&quot; and follows with different believes, but finally concludes:   &quot;If you understand or if you don't/ If you believe or if you doubt/  There's a universal justice/ And the eyes of the truth/ Are always watching  you.&quot;
B0000025YM|5.0|I have been a Priest fan since high school.  Being a guitarist myself I listen to music more than lyrics.  I prefer Priest due to their sharp, clear and melodic sound.  Glenn Tipton is a phenomenal songwriter who has  written most Priest material since the mid-70's.  He is also the finest  metal guitarist, besides Dave Murray of Iron Maiden.  Every song on this  album is outstanding.  It is must for every metal collector!
B00003XB8K|5.0|I loved this CD!  I don't think it is the best Michael Cretu of Enigma has composed, but it still think it deserves 5 stars.  The lyrics, in my opinion, are the best I have heard from Enigma (I also really like the ones  in The Cross of Changes!).   I really liked this CD since it has all the  attributes I was looking for.  It is relaxing at times, but can shake your  body also.  It has a mix of gregorian chants, opera mixes, and native  american styled music.  Also, it incorporates some classical pieces  (Toccata from Bach) and more modern (Carmina Burana).  Overall, if you have  been a fan of Enigma or just want good New Age music, this would be one to  buy.
014028009X|1.0|I recently read this &quot;book&quot; for my book club (out of 6, only 2 enjoyed it).  Not only is the diary style somewhat annoying, so is Bridget!  She is a totally unsympathetic character, and her constant snivelling made  this a very unenjoyable read.  I thought I'd always find something  redeemable about a novel, but sorry, not here.
0140430725|5.0|This is Jane Austen's best, except maybe Northanger Abbey.  I wouldn't know, I haven't read it (yet).  I couldn't like the characters in Emma, in Persuasion it was depressing, all that worrying it would have a sad end, in Mansfield Park, she was so meek(and no reason for him to fall in love),  Sense and Sesibility was meatless, but P&amp;P sparkles. Likeable  characters, romance, social commentary, everything.
B00002E224|5.0|I love this movie. Ethan Hawke falls in love with Julie Delpy... and so did I.
B00003CWPR|3.0|The totally MIXED reviews say it all:  this film is loaded with CONTROVERSY!  Some say it is sheer artistic genious; others say it is like a bad drug trip!  Of course, perhaps this is what Kubrick intended in order  to conjure up interest in the film!  The totally polarized opinions create  curiosity; which naturally makes you want to see the film and judge for  yourself!  I found the movie compelling; slowly drawing me into it's dark,  mysterious aura of sexual intrique and holding me captive.  However, it  seemed as though I kept waiting, waiting, waiting for something monumental  to happen; for some sort of mind-blowing cresendo - that just never  occurred!  The movie is weird and fragmented - like a dream - and left me  with a weird sort of unsettled feeling inside, (again, like a dream)!  It  is a piece of cinemagraphic art in it's truest sense, and definitely NOT  for those who prefer an easy to follow, logical sort of a plot line!   Interesting in it's own way; and worth seeing, (just for the controversy of  it)!
B00000IMYA|2.0|I recently bought this CD based partly on the reviews from this site. I always buy music CDs for the music. However, I was dissapointed with the amount of emcee introductions and talk that make up such a measurable part  of the first CD. I would much rather have music. Dukes got a great singing  voice, but do I really want to hear him introduce every bandmember EVERY  time I listen to this CD? I would much rather have a studio recording and  enjoy great uninterrupted Jazz. The other disappointment were those shrill,  piercing horns on some tracks. I found those sounds irritating and anything  but enjoyable.
B000002R48|3.0|Well, coming from an educated mind, unlike the guy who reported on Mar. 30th (california twirp), these guys know their stuff.  Unfortunately, much of this country's teen and college generation somehow think playing loud,  doing the same thing as the other guy, and being a hardass, is where metal  is metal-christ almighty.  Oh, and don't forget-nowadays, it doesn't matter  if you can only play 2 chords or play at all.  As long as you apply to one  of the above descriptions, for some riduculously inane and IGNORANT reason,  kids will dig you.  But, then again, if you actually open your mind and  grow up, you'll really appreciate the tremendous talent Dream Theater has.   These guys do the unusual, and execute it sickeningly well.  And, for 1989,  of course it's going to sound colorful-it was the 80's!  Not to mention, a  band that's been going strong all over the world for over 10 years, without  much video in the U.S., relies on talent, rather than trying to be hip and  trendy with youngsters, um, sorry cool kids, and leaves image as purely  commercial.  MODERN &quot;METAL&quot;=COMMERCIAL WASTE, DREAM  THEATER=PRODUCT OF SHEER TALENT.  Progressive rock isn't the norm for metal  anyway-it's an artful extension, if one hasn't noticed, like surfer gimp.   Dream Theater are incredibly skilled musicians, and this was a good  starting point for Dream Theater.   Where has the music gone-right here.   Oh by the way, note Cal guy described Genesis as boring  dino-farts-hmmmm...very intelligent.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie is worth all of the accolades and awards it keeps receiving!
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game is absolutely phenomenal.  A friend loaned it to me and I started to read it out of boredom and was riveted.<br />It is multi-layered, thought-provoking, but most of all, it is engrossing.  I got totally wrapped up in it.  I highly recommend it.  I read a lot, and this is  definitely one of the best books I've ever read.  It will stay with you for  a very long time.
B00004NRUM|3.0|THIS CD DOES GROW ON YOU - THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT THIS ALBUM IS THE MOST &quot;EASY LISTENING&quot; OF ALL THE MARILLION ALBUMS - A CONCEPT ALBUM THAT IS MOSTLY QUIET THROUGHOUT - THERE IS SOME GREAT SONG WRITING ON THIS  CD, BUT I DON'T FEEL IT'S A MASTERPIECE - THIS CD SEEMS TO BE MISSING  SOMETHING MUSICALLY - I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST &quot;EASY LISTENING&quot;  MUSIC, BUT FOR MARILLION IT'S TOO MUCH - AGAIN, OVERALL A GOOD CD, BUT  THERE WERE BETTER CD'S IN THE HOGARTH ERA THAN &quot;BRAVE&quot;
B000003S28|3.0|...I like it in _bits_. The problem with this album is that while the music on it is really wonderful, the sequencing of it seems to have been done by dartboard. There's not a lot here in terms of 'flow' that lends to  a rewarding listening experience, and the jumping around that happens  gradually becomes something that detracts from the otherwise-excellent  content. Musically, the works here tend to fall into a category somewhere  between pure ambience and the turf that Eno was exploring on &quot;Another  Green World&quot;, and all of it is top-notch. But listening to it, where  short bursts occur where one would want a longer version, where rhythmic  workouts sit obliquely beside tranquil tracks, and so on, gets frustrating.  My suggestion would be to get it, then use a CD-R (MD? cassette?) and  figure out a sequencing you like better.
B000002KM6|4.0|Legend has it that during the recording of &quot;Fair Warning&quot;, Edward Van Halen would sneak into the studio with Donn Landee during the night to lay down his guitar tracks.  He was apparantly quite hacked off  with his bandmates telling him what to play. The result is the absolute  pinnacle of modern rock guitar.<br />&quot;Mean Street&quot; opens &quot;Fair  Warning&quot; with Eddie doing one of his tapped harmonic runs with a funk  slant before merging with brother Alex and Michael Anthony on the main  riff.  His guitar solo burns with a white hot intensity combining feel and  fury.  On &quot;Dirty Movies&quot;, Ed plays slide guitar and conjures up  another sleazy, down and dirty riff.  &quot;Sinner Swing!&quot; finds David  Lee Roth leading the band through another hyperactive boogie before giving  way to an outrageous guitar solo.  &quot;Hear About It Later&quot; shows  that Roth could actually sing when so inclined.  The melody in the sections  before and after the guitar solo is quite strong.<br />&quot;Unchained&quot;,  with its headbanging, drop-D riff, is perhaps the most famous song off this  album, but it can't compare to &quot;Push Comes To Shove&quot;, which in my  opinion contains Edward Van Halen's greatest guitar solo (yes, better than  &quot;Eruption&quot;).  Everything about this song is perfection, from  Roth's hurt mutterings about the one that got away, to Anthony's credible  funk bass playing and Alex Van Halen's surprisingly subdued drums, playing  with a spartan discipline which perfectly compliments the track.  &quot;So  This Is Love?&quot; is another up-tempo boogie romp, but Edward opens his  lead with some mellow blues runs and proceeds through a relaxed solo.  If  there any weaknesses on this record, they are &quot;Sunday Afternoon In The  Park&quot; and &quot;One Foot Out The Door&quot;, which eat up just enough  time to finish the album.  The latter does contain some great playing from  Ed, but doesn't truly gel.  &quot;Sunday Afternoon&quot; is a lumbering  instrumental snoozer that loses its novelity after 2 listenings.<br />Other  than these last two pieces, this may be the Van Halen album where Edward  finds the balance between guitar acrobatics and strong  songwriting/arranging.  He seems quite comfortable in the studio by this  point, using overdubbs effectively without going overboard.  This is  essential Van Halen.
6305750750|5.0|This is real simple. NO DVD, NO BUY. I will not purchase any video on an inferior format no matter how good the flick.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Very rarely have I watched a movie that was both exciting and intellectually stimulating.  Most flicks put all the action on the surface.  The Matrix layers the action over a plot with deeper philosophical  implications:  What is reality?  Is the physical world, as I know it, all  that there is?  Am I in control of my life, or am I under the control of  something above and beyond me?  Is this greater power good or evil?   The  film borrows heavily from a syncretic mix of world reglions, most notably   Buddhism and Christianity.  But the overarching themes of the film are  definitely Christian.   But beyond this, the film is a technical  masterpiece.  The visual effects are stunning.  In fifty years time, I  think the Matrix will be looked upon as one of those seminal works that  changed the way movies are made.
6303168507|4.0|Gives you a clear mental image, on what took place during the Holocaust. The film is in Black and white, which gives it a classic touch. Although it is pretty lenghthy, It isn't hard to follow, but I reccommend having  &quot;some&quot; prior knowledge about the Holocaust, before viewing this  movie.
0783240236|4.0|Compared to other Hitchcock masterpieces, this one disappoints me the most.  I find no chemistry between the leads and nothing compelling in the plot.<br />That aside, as pure cinema you can't beat &quot;The Birds.&quot;  The tone, the pacing and the small details (no music!) make up for all of  it's flaws.<br />As a DVD, &quot;The Birds&quot; is a worthy companion to  &quot;Vertigo,&quot; &quot;Psycho,&quot; and &quot;The 39 Steps.&quot;  Sure, there's no commentary, but the documentary alone provides plenty of  detail for cinemaphiles.  Besides, Tippi Hedren's screen tests give you  more of a sense of what it's like working for Hitchcock than anything she  could say in a commentary track.  The only disappointment here: the extra  scenes consist of storyboards and script pages that whip past you pretty  quickly!
B000003S0K|4.0|This is Eno's first solo romp, following his departure from Roxy Music. Or rather, from Brian Ferry, as every other member of Roxy appears here save him. And as such, it retains a lot of the feel that one finds on Roxy  Music's first album and &quot;For Your Pleasure&quot;, except for the  aesthetic tug-o-war that obviously was going on between Brian #1 and Brian  #2. Only one hint here of the ambient music that many would come to  associate with Eno (the transition from &quot;Some Of Them Are Old&quot; to  the title track, specifically); the songs here are definitely in the  glam-rock territory, and quite good glam-rock at that. But with that, this  is also the most dated-feeling of Eno's solo albums, with a sound and swag  that puts it firmly in the early 70s. Still, it's just as worthwhile  listening today, as very few things from that period pulled off what  &quot;Here Comes the Warm Jets&quot; pulls off in terms of weird musical  devices, twisted lyrics, and neurotic sturm-und-drang. But as for it being  representative of Eno as most of us know him...not quite. For that, one has  to start at the next album, &quot;Taking Tiger Mountain (by  Strategy)&quot;.
B000002JSR|3.0|In November 1982, &quot;Coda&quot; was released to an unsuspecting public, two years after the death of John Bonham.  While there are no standout pieces, this collection of songs does succeed in chronicling Zeppelin's 12  year flight.<br />&quot;We're Gonna Groove&quot; opens the album and is taken  from the recording sessions that yielded &quot;Led Zeppelin II&quot;.  This  track was a one time show opener and it's easy to see why.  Jimmy Page adds  sub-octdivider effects on guitar while a young Robert Anthony Plant screams  his head off.  &quot;Poor Tom&quot; is an interesting piece left over from  the &quot;Led Zeppelin III&quot; era.  Bonham supplies a fine rhythm track  under Page's stellar 12-string acoustic work and Plant's harp.  &quot;I  Can't Quit You Baby&quot; is taken from a soundcheck from the Royal Albert  Hall in 1970.  This take is far more explosive than the version found on  &quot;Led Zeppelin&quot; (and better, too).  &quot;Walter's Walk&quot; is  from the 1972 &quot;Houses Of The Holy&quot; sessions and is easily one of  the better songs on the album.  Bonham's drum sound is massive, and Page  stays in the pocket...until the final refrain when he goes postal.  Plant's  vocals *must* have been overdubed during the compiling of this collection  because the quality of his voice is more consistant with the 1978 &quot;In  Through The Out Door&quot; sessions, range-wise, whereas if you listen to a  song from &quot;Houses&quot; (&quot;Over The Hills And Far Away&quot;), his  voice is more powerful.<br />&quot;Ozone Baby&quot;, &quot;Darlene&quot;, and  &quot;Wearing and Tearing&quot; are all outtakes from the &quot;Out  Door&quot; sessions.  &quot;Ozone Baby&quot; is a nice, uptempo rocker  which obviously would not have belonged on &quot;Out Door&quot;.   &quot;Darlene&quot; is another highlight of the album.  John Paul Jones'  piano work is fantastic, while Jimmy Page slips into his Scotty Moore/Jimmy  Burton persona to deliver some inspired lead work.  Why this song was left  off &quot;In Through The Out Door&quot; in favor of &quot;Hot Dog&quot; or  &quot;South Bound Saurez&quot; I'll never understand.  &quot;Wearing and  Tearing&quot; is a two million mile-an-hour punk/thrash piece with  acappella vocals ala &quot;Black Dog&quot;.  Plant does sound hoarse,  though, and while the energy level is remarkable, Plant's Drano-induced  yelling/screeching brings this track down a peg or two.  That leaves  &quot;Bonzo's Montreux&quot;, a 1976 John Bonham drum instrumental with  electronic effects added by Page.  It's a nice tribute, but not something  you will listen to over and over.<br />So, that's &quot;Coda&quot;.  There is  nothing timeless on this album, but there is nothing on here that  diminishes the legacy of Led Zeppelin, either.  It's an album that you take  out every so often to hear some ideas that didn't see the light of day the  first time around, and there are some good ideas to be heard.  Buy  &quot;Coda&quot; with the knowledge that it is a summary of a bygone era,  nothing more, nothing less.
0783226837|5.0|Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are brilliant. The cool statements they give to every situation, no matter how dangerous, are hiliarious. Everything in this movie is just fun. The DVD contains interesting bonus material. Its  always nice to see so much bonus material even if its an older movie like  this. &quot;We could get in People Magazine!&quot; &quot;People...Hell,  National Geographic!&quot; You would have deserved it, Val and Earl
B000021Y74|5.0|If you don't like this movie there is something wrong with you. It was easy to follow, and it had the perfect mix of action, drama, and suspence. For an added bonus they threw in some sweet techno music that you have to  love.
B00003003R|5.0|This is the only CD of Guns N Roses I have to listen to now. Axl's voice is just crazy and exciting. If you like Appetite, then you'll love this, cause it has 10 appetite songs and the best songs from Use your Illusions.   Many old fans may not buy this album because it came out 6 years after they  finished their tour. But trust me, all you fans that are still left, GO buy  this now and I swear on my life you will not regret it!
B00003CX9S|4.0|It is difficult to start a review of this one because giving this film a context and a framework is incredibly difficult. Once that is done though it is easy to say that this is the sin qua non of Lynch's work. The stunning black and white photography, the languid artsy pacing, a circus of the odd and profane and at the heart the simplist most primal story of being seen as a freak by the world. Lynch, Burton and Gilliam would all tackle this topic later in their careers but here, in the hands of an un-tried and rampagingly iconoclastic young David Lynch is perhaps the clearest and most touching take on the subject. The film aches and every insult is felt by the viewer. In many ways this is both Lynch's most accessable AND most artistic vision reaching depths he has only gotten to years later with The Straight Story. Within this movie are the seeds of Dune, Blue Velvet and Lost Highway without the sense of comprimise that seeped into Wild at Heart and Fire Walk with Me. In taking a step away from the Freudian mire of Eraserhead, Lynch crafts a deeper and more incissive study of the human soul and exposes what human really means.<br />As for the Disc itself, well Stunning is an adaquate discription really.END
B0000024Q8|5.0|Ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting...that's how this starts, with a drumming pulse on the top Cs on a piano. Then gradually, a whole tapestry of interlocking sounds starts to unfold, and you're slowly getting  immersed in 'In C'. You don't really listen to this piece; the effect is  much more like that aforementioned 'immersion', as the very gradual  shifting of the patterns is more like organic growth, instead of the  architectural jumps and skips found in Philip Glass or Steve Reich's works.  How this is accomplished is by the use of a very selective variant on  chance processes; since performers aren't given direct instructions on when  to change from one ostinato to the next, this slow, 'oozing' shifting  occurs, and it's quite fascinating (as opposed to what one reviewer here  seems to think). It's certainly not an easy work to wrap your head around,  unlike Glass, etc, but both the music and the ideas behind it are most  rewarding. A critical work.
0783240503|3.0|I was very excited to find that this musical had been brought to video and that Donny Osmond would be playing Joseph.  Typically, I am also very impressed with Maria Friedman, but I was disappointed by her role as the  narrator.  Also there were some parts of the production I found to be very  cheesy.  They would have worked if it had been set on a stage, but since it  wasn't taken from that approach the cheesy antics didn't work.  However,  this can all be forgotten by a very strong and entertaining show once the  reaches the scenes witht the Pharoah.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I'm sorry, but this is one of the best albums ever made if you are ready to kick some @ss.  It's mainstream, but then it's pretty hard core too.  Plus, any band that has an old member from House of Pain has to be doing  something right.  Break stuff is one of the best songs ever written.
0767824571|5.0|i loved the movie.... but i noticed that Amazon.com did notallow for my previous review to be listed in the &quot;helpful or nothelpful&quot; by you, the reader.......... if you want to see why i felt that you should not buy this dvd now please scroll back to 3/29/00..... P myers END
6300213803|5.0|Critic accalmed as the best of the series,The Wrath of Khan puts Admirial Kirk against his mysterious long-lost enemy Khan,a geneticly altered late 20th century leader.Khan and his party are discovered when a small science  team beams down to the wrong planet,and from their, a chain reaction is  started.This second Startrek picture was the kind of excitingly familiar  yet twistedly new film that fans of all ages were waiting for.A must have  for any movie collector.
B000003S2O|5.0|When this came out, I was so used to &quot;Discrete Music&quot; and the previous &quot;Music for Airports&quot; that I had a goodly bit of trouble wrapping my head around this set of rumbly, dark, murky atmospherics. But  over the years, I've come to have a special love for this release. This is  not the Satie-like ambient of those other two works, but rather like a  soundtrack recording for a very obscure, dark film in which most action  (action?) is obscured or is occuring just off-lens. Swampy, midnight music.  Whereas it's easy to describe some other Eno works, this thing, even some  20 or so years on, defies adequate description. Suffice to say, it's  something worth having for most anyone, especially if you're someone who  often finds yourself awake at 2-3 AM and have trouble finding music for  just that 'certain atmosphere' for the time of day. A singular, beautiful,  and intriguing release.
B00000DQT7|5.0|If you like The Band this album you have to own it.Here you can hear why The Band is called one of the best bands ever.Listen to &quot;Up On Cripple Creek&quot; and you'll hear Garth Hudson's organ as a mouth harp.&quot;Rag  Mama Rag&quot; The Band changed their line up,they are all playing  different instruments.The songs on this album are just pieces of rock  history
B00004LN16|1.0|please follow this warning and disconnect this cd immediately!                this is the worst album by ac/dc to date.a full refund should be given to anyone ,who was foolish enough to buy it.plus a little something extra  for pain and suffering!
B000021Y74|5.0|Hi!  I am a 13 year old girl and I just recently saw run lola run.  I loved it!    The way they show Lola running is really inspiring and because of that I love running now!   I also want to travel to Berlin now  and  maybe learn the german language.  The names of the characters and the  characters themselves are really cool and unique.  Mannie is really cute  and Lola's hair is so cool!   They are both amazing actors.  The movie is  soo great!   I don't know what else to tell you to make you see it! I  reccomend you watch it with subtitles so that you can hear emotion and the  german language.. The beginning is really fascinating and the animation is  unique.  From the beginning you will be hooked and will not be able to look  away till the end.  This movie will stay with you always!  The film is just  amazing!   See it, you will not be disappointed!
0783240503|5.0|I was delighted with the video.  Not only is it a feast for the eyes but the ears also.  After seeing this play 4 times in person, it can only be bested by the video.  It was staged innovatively and smartly. I should have  ordered more copies.  This one will be worn out before the week is out.   Should be more than 5 stars!
B000003S2K|5.0|This is the first of four albums that Brian Eno released on his 'Ambient' label around the end of the 1970s. It is not, however, this first musical exploration of this sort that Eno engaged in. For those, one should turn to  his &quot;Discrete Music&quot; or his collaborations with Robert Fripp. It  does not directly have anything to do with his pop output of the same  period, also, although parts of &quot;Another Green World&quot; and  &quot;Before and After Science&quot; definitely share some of these  aesthetic territory with these compositions. Rather, this is something  which finds its parentage in both the 'furniture music' concepts of Erik  Satie and process music techniques as used by diverse composers such as  John Cage, Steve Reich, et al. These four works, very sparse and  slowly-evolving, were intended for use as installation pieces for LaGuardia  airport in NYC, and are intended by Eno to be a calming, contemplative set  which 'prepares the listener for death', in Eno's words. One gets the  impression he's perhaps not too enamored with air travel? Anyway, this  music is beautiful, sublime, and perhaps to this day some of the greatest  ambient music ever composed. The free-running tapeloop process that Eno  devised to 'collage' the spare musical fragments here together into their  works created a slow, gradually-shifting, and organic atmosphere, very  unlike those achieved by more recent ambient musicians making use of MIDI  and/or other methods to achieve much the same ends. Ownership of this  should be mandatory, quite honestly, especially for anyone who has to deal  with stress on a routine basis.
6302886228|5.0|October 1992 an impressive group of artists singing and playing music of Dylan.One of the highlights of the show was the house band BookerT and The M.G's.They made every song special with their performance.Also Neil Young  has to be mentioned.He really felt himself with this &quot;Bob fest&quot;  and his version of &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot; was a monumental  contribution to this concert.See and listen to all of the other stars  {Stevie Wonder,The Band,Lou Reed Richie havens,George Harrison and others}  and you won't forget this &quot;Bob fest&quot;.At the end Bob Dylan himself  came to the stage and closed down this rock document the way only he  can.This celebration is a masterpiece for his music fans.
1573225517|5.0|The characters in this novel are so real, I mean who hasn'tknown or been the go-nowhere, self-obsessed, 30-something who turns tomeaningless obsessions like records, music, bands etc. which keep them in suspended  youth? Having been there myself and been married to someone Exactly like  the main character, I laughed out loud at the right-on situations and  character dialogue.  The main character owns a failing record shop and  spends his days making top five lists and talking shop with the other 30-something slackers who seem to also be stuck in post teenage band member  wannabe status.  Although they can boast not of successful jobs or personal  lives or romantic involvement, they seem to think they have the right to  ridicule everyone who walks into their shop. Although the characters live  in England this shop could be in Anytown, U.S.A.    It's a slice of life  most of us can relate to and it's refreshing to know that for those of us  who have been there, we aren't alone!
0448060191|5.0|The book was rich in a kind of sensitive way. It was writenfrom the eyes of Jo, the tom boy. There are 4 sisters. Jo and Amy havea temper tantrum.  Mr. March is away working. A rich neighbor has a grandson that all of them get to adore one way or the other. It is written in a classical way, which is rare these days. I hardly ever give books a 5, but this time is an exception.  END
B000003S0Z|4.0|This is the last 'pop' album out of Eno for quite some time; after this, plus a few lyrical outings with Cluster around the same period, Eno didn't again deal with song-type forms until around the end of the 1980s and his  collaboration with John Cale (&quot;Wrong Way Up&quot;). The sequencing of  the album was much more coherent on vinyl, where one had the 'energetic  side', comprised of the first five cuts, and the 'atmospheric' side, with  the latter five. On CD, some of this feel gets lost, I think. As far as the  music goes, this should be taken along with Bowie's &quot;Low&quot; and  &quot;Heroes&quot;, as well as Talking Heads' &quot;More Songs About  Buildings and Food&quot; and &quot;Fear of Music&quot;, all of which are  also greatly indebted to Eno and are definite 'cousins' to this solo album.  'King's Lead Hat', in fact, is an anagram for 'Talking Heads'...Eno was  rather fascinated with anagrams during this period. There's a good deal of  rock here, not all of which works perfectly, but the 'atmospheric' set is  one to buy the album for, especially the tranquil-ominous &quot;Julie  With...&quot;, the Cluster collaboration (a taste of those two Cluster +  Eno albums, I note) &quot;By This River&quot;, and the hymnodic  &quot;Spider and I&quot;. Go with &quot;Another Green World&quot; first,  but this is a suitable second stop.
B000001IQH|5.0|I got this album for my birthday the day it was released. I had been eagerly awaiting it, and was blown away by it. I still listen to this album regularly. This album is much more ska influenced than &quot;Let's  Go&quot;, but not in the watered-down variey you find too much of these  days. Fans of punk will not be disappointed. Tim Armstrong's vocals were  never better. Lars Frederiksen's guitar playing is superb. Matt Freeman's  bass lines never fail to make you want to pogo up and down. Brett Reed's  drummming is everything you want punk to be. Truly a classic.
0440219078|4.0|I really liked this book but it kinda wierded me out. It was definately different from any other book i have ever read. I think it should have explained certain things better though. I've read it twice. First in 5th grade and then in 8th. My 5th grade teacher refused to read it outloud  because it dealt with some issues that may be not be suitable for 5th  graders and i agree with him. Now as a freshman i think i understand the  book alot more. I think it also makes you realise how much we take things  for granted, like color or real families. I would recomend it to anyone  looking for a different view of life.
6305718903|5.0|When I first entered the cinema hall to watch Stigmata for the first time, I had no idea how intense the experience would be. I confess I was expecting a regular exorcist-like drama, but the sotry and its charachters  really impressed me, specially Patricia Arquette, as the regular  non-catholic girl who's faced with a &quot;miracle&quot; and, of course  Gabriel Byrne, as the catholic Father torn between his faith and the  mysteries of science. It is definetely a MUST, and one of the best movies  of the year.
6305451591|5.0|this movie is the best movie I have ever seen.  It left me speechless, breathless and emotionally shaken. I too saw this film only after seeing Roberto's &quot;display&quot; on the Oscars.  I figured whoever had this  much love for life and joy so obviously genuine must have done something  great! Boy was I right.  The movie was plainly and simply about love and  self-sacrifice.  Love so powerful that self-sacrifice comes without  thought. See it then buy it. Total brilliance!
B000001IPP|5.0|Let's go is Rancid's explosion into achieving the status of a great punk band. The addition of Lars Frederiksen from the UK Subs rounded the band out beautifully. 23 songs of pure greatness that will make you want to sing  along, jump up and down, energize you and make you feel great. If you don't  have this album, buy it. This is what punk is meant to be.
630575067X|1.0|Against my own better judgement I bought a video copy of this film.  The quality of the VHS format just doesn't do justice to the film which was amazing in theaters.  The transfer to video was  visually poor and anyone used to DVD quality sound is bound to be  dissapointed.  I would hope that eventually this film and the  origional trilogy will come out on DVD.  If you want to see The  Phantom Menace, rent it or borrow it, then join the masses of us who  are camping out waiting for Lucas to decide he wants to honor us with  the DVD.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|i beg you to buy this. it is so good. it's much better than the commercial crap of today's music polluted by pop acts like rage against the machine, korn, blink 182, nsync, backstret boys, juvenile, and britney spears. those  bands are fake. this is music coming from the CLASH's heart, not some rich  business men behind the aforementioned bands. buy this now or you will  never experience good music.
6305750750|4.0|Throughout Lucas's career, I've picked up on something.  He is absolutely no good at any kind of comedy! . Have you ever seen Howard the Duck?   Or Willow?   I'll get to Jar Jar in a minute.  Why do you think that Empire Strikes Back is widely considered to be the best in the original trilogy?     Because Lucas left his 'sense of humor' at the door and gave us a serious,  well thought out masterpiece of a movie.  What little comic relief there  was came either from Ford or one of the droids, and it kept a fairly low  tone.  Threepio always did get on my nerves, but the Ewoks were much worse.   And with the intro of Jar Jar, I nearly got sick.  What's up with  slapstick in a Star Wars movie!   It's totally out of place.  If he wants  to try and be funny, at least do it with dialogue.  The characters in The  Phantom Menace were way underdeveloped, and instead of fleshing these  caricatures out a little, he has dumb-a s s Jar Jar tripping over stuff and  being annoying.  The main purpose of the first part of any trilogy is to  introduce your characters.  And my two favorite got killed!  Maul and Qui  Gon! ( I bet Maul will be back though!  They didn't call it the Clone war  for nothing! )   But you can be sure that George will keep that  fake-looking clumsy, annoying Jar Jar around for all three movies!  Obi  Wan, you're my only hope!  When I was 6, I didn't need  any bad comic relief to get into Empire!  Neither did anyone else.  The  kiddies always have Ewok Adventures!  But with the beautiful visuals, epic  story and fast pace, Lucas shouldn't have to resort to his sorry attempt at  comedy to appeal to the 'younger' audience.  And what happened to the alien  languages that gave the original trilogy so much flavor?  Replaced with  ethnic and racial english!  Why not have the Ewoks talk like they're from  the hood?  That would fit in with Lucas's tasteless attempts at comedy, as  well as do a good job at offending people!  Overall, however I am a diehard  Star Wars fan.  I think that Lucas has a brilliant imagination that has  taken millions of people far, far away.  It's just that he needs to realize  his limitations.  Stay away from the comedy! Or at least get some help with  it. Your ideas are brilliant!  But your not a very good director.  I've  come to expect it from you though, and because Star Wars has had such an  effect on me, I'll forgive you.  And after all, isn't a movie just a way to  get away from things for a couple hours?  The Phantom Menace does a good  job at this. But the original trilogy took me away for much longer than a  couple hours, and perhaps that's why I feel a little disapointed.  And all  sarcasm aside, you really should kill-off Jar Jar. You have to realize by  now that he was a mistake, and that 80 - 90% of people who saw this movie  did NOT like Jar Jar. Pleeeaasse take him out of the next two - I'm  begging.
0790736918|5.0|Some people feel that this movie is bigoted and disrespectfulto native americans. Now I'm only a european decended white guy, But Ilike to think that I have some intelligence. I personally love this movie.I feel that it is less about whites and native americans than about individuals who were screwed out of their families. Scar, the Comench chief in this movie acts as he does out of anger and grief, because his sons were killed by white men. Ethen acts also out of the same motivations. In addition it is not and never was meant to be a great action western but rather a philosophical movie about the evil anger can do.
0060283122|5.0|These books are sure to capture the attention of any reader.  They are both funny and well-written, with fast-moving plots and memorable characters.  Believe the description, though.  If depressing events fill  you with dismay and may cause you to lock yourself away for days following  your reading of this book, perhaps you'd better abstain.  Otherwise, these  books belong on bookshelves beside Harry Potter, A Little Princess, Oliver  Twist, and the Narnia Chronicles.  Of course bad things happen to orphans.   That's the purpose of their existence in the world of books.  Come on now.   Isn't it refreshing to have an author be honest about it for once?
0848806808|5.0|This is one of Wodehouse's very best efforts. The ever disaster prone Bertie is asked to deliver a lecture at a grammer school which he is very afraid to do.So he gets Augustus-Fink Nottle to do the honours and when  he(Gussie) ultimately  delivers the speech and delivers the speech - it is  a moment every Wodehouse fan will never never forget!Gussie just plainly  rakes up Bertie's rather eventful past after getting drunk for the first  time.A very good novel,indeed!Must read!
0783240236|4.0|I bought the DVD of &quot;The Birds&quot; today.  It has always been one of my favorite Hitchcock movies, despite it's dated special effects and sometimes hokey acting.  The suspense is still there regardless.  Hitchcock  truly was a master at what he did.  I probably would have eventually bought  this DVD anyway but the reason I bought it so soon after it's release was  because of the bonus material that the DVD offers.  Most of the bonus  materials are great but a couple of them are kind of deceiving.  The DVD  case mentions a &quot;deleted scene&quot; and &quot;the original  ending&quot;.  I mistakenly took this to mean that these were filmed  sequences that had just never been shown but that is not the case.  The  deleted scene consists of a few stills of Tippi Hedren, a few sketches and  stills of the script of the deleted dialog.  When you click on the  &quot;original ending&quot;, a message comes up saying this ending was  never actually shot and then proceeds to show artist sketches of what the  scenes would have looked like and stills of the script.  Maybe I was  expecting too much but I really was disappointed because all of the other  DVD's I've purchased have differentiated between \\"deleted scenes\\" and  copies of the script.   Other than that, the other bonuses are great and  the DVD quality is great.  I recommend it just don't purchase it expecting  something that isn't there.
630575067X|4.0|This may not have lived up to the expectations of some fans but I think it is a well done movie. This is meant to make you wonder how such a cute young kid can trun into the galaxy's most powerful Sith. That is why the  movie may be to commical at times. Also I wondered how this movie is going  to look along side the other Star Wars movies. I mean Episodes 3-6. This  movie is a lot more technologicaly adavanced then the first 3 films but  when the movies are released on DVD the will be in widescreen version and  will be considerably cleaned up. This will make the moveis tie in  seamlessly. They will have the same quality. I wish this movie would have  come out on DVD the same time as it did VHS but that is how they get you.  The people with DVD will buy it on VHS because they don't know when it will  come out on DVD and then when it does they will buy it on that system too.  LOL. Thats how they get you ladies and gentlemen. Still though this is a  good movie and sets up the next two movies yet to come well I'm sure.
6305750750|4.0|So what?  This movie was made for the new generation of StarWars fans!  Jar Jar Binks was created to bring in little children tothe saga.  (Good Job Mr. Lucas, Hook 'em while they are young!) The plot was pretty good I thought.  Times change and people need to realize this.
630575067X|3.0|this was a good movie the people who gave it a bad review saw the movie went in with the wrong mind frame. jake lloyd wasn,t that bad. his part just need to be written better. his was good in his other movies.
6305428352|5.0|This is one of those movies where it finishes and I just sat there with amazement on how good it was.  Anyone who cannot understand that just because it is not an action movie it can't be good because this movie is  the best movie.  I also recommend: Shanshank Redemption.
630575067X|5.0|Being a Star Wars fan, my expectations were very high when I went to see Episode 1. The movie exceded my expectations, and got even better the next three times.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I bought this album because I love &quot;Smooth&quot; but the rest of the CD is absolutely nothing like it. There's not one other song on the CD that I like. It's a whole mix of latin-rap (who would have guessed those went  together?), latin-rock, latin-traditional, and latin-who-knows-what.  There's not one Santana style, it's more Carlos + the famous artist in some  other category.
B000002UAX|3.0|One appreciates the Beatles.  One feels the Rolling Stones, and I guess that's why I've always preferred them.  There's not a drop of blood, sweat or tears on any Beatles record, no emotion that hasn't been predigested and  consulted upon and re-recorded six times and polished and given a clever  twist and presented as a pop product.  The Stones' five-record run from  1968-1972 is stuffed with emotional nakedness, raw power and suffusing  beauty, and again, I guess that's why I prefer them.  They were never  concerned with sounding &quot;right,&quot; they just always wanted to sound  like themselves.  You can rarely say that about the Beatles, and when you  can -- &quot;Revolution #9&quot;, &quot;Glass Onion&quot; -- the results  were dreadful.<br />Oh I'll grant the Beatles' technical and stylstic  superiority, their production techniques and studio savvy is second to  none.  But nothing they did ever grabbed my heart or soul the way Exile On  Main Street, Beggars' Banquet, Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers did, I  always felt I should be appreciating the Beatles from behind glass at a  museum exhibit somewhere, and when I walked outside I'd shake my head, say  man, wasn't that something?  Fancy a drink, love?  I know a great place,  and we'll meet the Stones there.
B00000JCOV|1.0|These guys are awful. They try to pass themselves of as original but they stole the music from Korn (who suck as well) and the costumes from Mr. Bungle. Then people claim these guys are metal. Obviously none of the MTV soaked nitwits who listen to these guys have ever heard real metal. It is  in insult to the gods of heavy metal! You want heavy listen to Nile. You  want speed listen to Krisiun. You want groove listen to Death. You want  catchy songs listen to Devin Townsend. Hail True Metal! Down with MTV bred  stupidity and New &quot;Metal&quot;.
0060925000|5.0|One of the most beautifully written books from the 20th century. Lata's search for the suitable boy is placed in a timeless, changing country soon after its long awaited independance. A precious gift, an unique reading.
0800177177|5.0|The same day I had finished reading Bram Stoker's ever-popular _Dracula_ I rented Coppola's version.  The early scene where Jonathan Harker (Keanu Reeves) enters Transylvania and is driven by carriage to the Count's castle is spectacular and horrific.  With the mysterious carriage driver and the visually awe-inspiring shot of the castle, the movie sucks you in and takes you on an unforgettable ride.  Gary Oldman's portrayal as the evil Dracula is nothing short of brilliant. The sensuality and voluptousness of Dracula's three wives is twisted up a notch compared with the novel, and it definitely does a good job of conveying that sensousness Stoker created in his novel.  Even though Coppola's movie distorts certain plot elements of the book, it still maintains itself as a fun, entertaining, sympathy-evoking, and at times erotic film.
6305750750|4.0|Great movie and I applaud Mr. Lucas' efforts to upgrade the quality of movie theatres, BUT THEN WHY NO DVD?  This movie is all about visual effects and new worlds and all, and yet he is only releasing it on VHS. I  realize Episode II is taking all of his time, but cant he hire someone to  do the special features?
6301640659|5.0|I found cruising to be a stark and compelling movie to watch , and I don't feel that it bashes the gay community , however , it certainly sheds light that no one is safe , we tend to assume that men can take care of  themselves and are not afraid of anything , and as a woman watching this  film I was most aware , that our culture assumes that only women are at  risk from predators sexual and otherwise , and we certainly need to realize  that men face the same dangers , especially gay men , who often take risks  without worrying about potential dangers. everyone's life is of value !
630575067X|5.0|OK people, 1. Anakin must be there (do you not want DarthVader? ) 2. of course it isn't as exciting because it's the FIRSTEPISODE!  We haven't gotton to the CLIMAX, that's Return of the Jedi, so on!   3. What is so bad about Jar-Jar, he kinda grows on you!  Lucas had to put SOME child-entertaining stuff in the movie! 4. About the special effects, first, we complain that there are not enough, now, we complain that they look fake!  5. YODA-ANNOYING- YEAH RIGHT!  So, my point is, this movie was great and REALLY doesn't deserve a gold rasberry!
B00003CWN3|1.0|I wish I could rate this 0 STARS!  What were the movie makersthinking when they made this move?  Absolutly none of the charactersdeserve simpathy, not even Brandon, I mean Tina.  The story is so crazy I can't believe that this is an accurate portrayel of the real Tina.  The movie shows her as a very stupid person who brought all of what happens on her self, I mean she stayed in the same town with the people who threatened her life and raped her.  No one in the movie is worth watching as a character and the only reason to see it is for Hilary Swank.  Her performance is very good and I see why she won an academy award but the rest of the movie is horrible, have no moral, and is downright horrible.  Rent this movie don't buy it you will be wasting your money.  THIS FILM HAS NO MORAL OR REDEMING QUALITY!
0790734591|5.0|Abounding in furious gun battles, spectacular explosions and smart and witty one-liners, &quot;The Last Boy Scout&quot; is one of the better examples of producer Joel Silver's talent for big-budget mayhem.  Unfortunately, the film degenerates in the second half into a long  monotonous chase sequence. The first half is, without a doubt, the best.  The exchange between Willis and Wayans in the strip club, Willis's  discovery of his wife's back door man hiding in the closet and the opening  scene in the football stadium are tours de force of scripting and dramatic  spectacle.
B00000IMCU|5.0|Clearly one of the Great American films of the 1970's, an era which has recently been labled the 'Second Golden Era' of filmmaking. Not so much a sequel to 'Night' as it is a thematic continuation, DAWN OF THE DEAD  retains it's power to shock and surprise you with a tension-filled story of  futuristic madness, as humans battle for survival in a landscape filled  with horrific canabalism and human emotional meltdowns. Anchor Bay has  really outdone itself with a beautiful transfer here, and this package is  tops in terms of sound and color. NOTE to DOTD fans: There are actually  THREE current Anchor Bay versions out there now available -- all different,  ALL with extras, and ALL by Anchor Bay. Make sure to find the letterboxed  VHS copy from Columbia House -- it'll bring tears to your eyes! (This is a  copy so clean that spiderwebs are visible on the dove statue seen at the  end!) Overall, Romero is to be commended for a contemporary nightmare that  has YET to be topped.  For more detals, check out website called 'Zombie  Farm'!
B000000WA4|5.0|And those who say its not, prove it!  This is a masterpiece, or should i say a double masterpiece... But it also has a method: The &quot;hard&quot; and &quot;good&quot; ones at the beggining or the middle, and the &quot;soft&quot; and &quot;fair&quot; ones at the end... Billys  experimentalism really kinda screwed this album, but its only to prove  what billy can do by himself. I mean, most artist dont even achieve that  kinda sound by themselves... Damn it!  This is a must have for any  alternative rock fans!  My personal favourite: Bullet With Butterfly  Wings, is probably the best rock sound from 1995, i mean, its not in idle  that they have a grammy for that song... :)
B000001Y2U|5.0|When people begin to bash this cd, I just shudder. So many people have been used to such music which the album is not really an album, it is just a collection of songs that are not related to each other. Hence, when they  listen to a masterpiece such as Antichrist Svperstar, they cannot fully  appreciate the work put into this album and the message it is trying to  convey. First of all, this album is about an apocalypse. Manson's purpose  of making this album was that every time a person listened to this, a  little bit of religion of which the person believes is erased. The purpose  of this album is not to create a physical apocalypse, but a mental  apocalypse. Manson is (obviously) against the christian church, but not for  what most people believe. The church has been corrupted throughout the ages  and the seeds are still in the minds of people. Manson does not want to be  the antichrist but he is forced into it. When you want to remove a disease  sometimes you must also remove some healthy things. He believes that to  remove corruption from christianity he must destroy christianity in the  minds of people. And the way he does it is just amazing. He chronicles his  journey from being a boy to being consumed by the worm to the spreading of  his wings to the apocalypse and his own destruction. At the end of this  album he succeeds in creating an apocalypse, but in the process he destroys  himself (hence, disintegrator rising). He often proclaims: I do not want  this. But he is forced into it. He believes he was born into this role, and  we can all marvel at the way in which he achieves it.
B00000K0DT|2.0|As much as I love the movie, the DVD disappoints. No 5.1 Audio, no English subtitles and no anamorphic widescreen. Three things I have come to expect from a DVD release. Let this be a lesson to me to pre-order a DVD w/out  checking the technical specs here.<br />Peter
0684843749|5.0|Must have book for any one who aspires to be in great shape. Arnold has explained that body building is not just about growing muscles and getting huge but also it affects your mind and changes your life making you more  confident.  Also it focusess on various principles such as training a  weaker portion of body thus having proportionate shape and many more. The  training programs may really blast your muscles. So use your judgement  while doing the exercises and even if doesn't show immediate results you  will be satisfied that you are doing something good for yourself. All in  all this is an excellent book. You just read it and you know what I mean.
B000000XK5|5.0|Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass played the Playboy Jazz Festival in the early 70's, and they got a standing ovation, Norman Granz of Pablo Records immidiately put them together in the studio to record their 1st LP  &quot;Take Love Easy.&quot;  &quot;Easy Living&quot; is their 4rth and  final recording together.  It is spectacular, intimate, and wonderful.   Ella swings, scats and sings gently and smoothly.  Highlights include a  cool &quot;My Ship&quot; and a lighly swingin' &quot;Slowboat To  China,&quot; every track is a gem. This is a must have for any jazz  collector, as are all of the Fitzgerald/Pass sessions.
B00000I07Q|5.0|I only wish they could make another album this good.  \\"New Jersey\\" is my favorite Bon Jovi album from start to finish.  The album has more of a hard rock edge than any other album...yet it also has great  ballads like I'll Be There for You, Livin in Sin, Born to Be My Baby, and  Wild Is the Wind.  The album doesn't have a weak song outside of Homebound  Train...and the true undiscovered gems here are Wild Is the Wind, 99 In the  Shade, and a favorite, Stick to Your Gun.  Just a flat out great  album...one of my Top 5 favorite albums of all-time.  Maybe it doesn't have the classic \\"trio\\" of hits like Slippery did with Prayer, Bad Name, and Dead or Alive, but overall, it's a better album to me.  This was Bon Jovi at their peak.
B00004BZ16|5.0|When &quot;Sandinista&quot; was released as a 3-vinyl-LP set at the close of 1980, I was a high-schooler beset with idealistic notions about the power of punk. Listening to its array of styles, innovations and insights,  I thought this album would surely erase the shadow of the '60s and herald  an era of uncompromising cultural progress.<br />Today, high-schoolers who see  Ringo Starr on ads for investment firms have no idea who Joe Strummer is,  and people long ago stopped allowing LPs/CDs to make a significant  impression on their sensibilities. If &quot;Sandinista&quot; influenced  anything, it was probably the already-emerging popularity of rap and world  music.<br />That said, &quot;The Leader&quot;, &quot;Corner Soul&quot;,  &quot;Somebody Got Murdered&quot;, &quot;If Music Could Talk,&quot; and  &quot;Charlie Don't Surf&quot; are among the most literate songs composed  in the last 20 years and represent only a small fraction of the astounding  collection of songs and sounds in &quot;Sandinista&quot;. If nothing else,  the Clash are able to present a snapshot of disorder and potential in  widescreen deep-focus. Each character, from the homeless vet in  &quot;Something About England&quot; to the ravaged spiritual seeker in  &quot;Sound of the Sinners&quot;, seems fully drawn. Each beat, riff and  dub seems carefully considered and flawlessly executed. Each cut still  seems to hold some ground.<br />Maybe that's why this album  was not received  with widespread acclaim 20 years ago-- it was just too overwhelming. When  the Clash returned a year and a half later, they won their audience with  &quot;Rock the Casbah&quot; and &quot;Should I Stay...&quot;, but didn't  have it in them to paint another picture of such stunning depth.
630575067X|5.0|ANYONE WHO HAS SEEN THE MOVIE WILL CHERISH THE VIDEO FOR EVER AND YOUR KIDS WILL LOVE IT AND EVERYBODY WILL KNOW THAT IT IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE SO GOT TO BUY THE VIDEO AND ENJOY THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE
B00004LN16|3.0|Brians voice isn't as great as it once was in Geordie or early ac/dc days.  The songs sound fine, but a little lack luster.  Don't get me wrong it's still great...at least they never turned to total b.s. like Rose Tattoo  did.
630575067X|5.0|This movie is realy amzing for not only Star Wars fans but just people who like good movies to!  I am not a huge fan of Star Wars but I loved this.  This film is filled with tons of action and high speed computer graphics  like in the podrace.  Everyone that I know that has seen it loves and  nobody as ever said it was bad to me.  So take my word for it this movie is  so amazing you could buy the movie and watch it over and over and over and  would never get tired of it.
6305750750|4.0|I remember the excitement that started to flow through me when I first saw the previews for Star Wars I. I was shocked and amazed by the stunning visual effects that flashed before my eyes. But that was the only problem  with this movie. It was just stunning visual effects. Now don't get me  wrong about the movie. I loved it (except for those kids in front of me  during the movie). The plot was excellent because we all know what all of  it is leading up to. I somewhat agree with the people who say you really  didn't feel for the characters like in the last three. I think the visual  effects did play a big role in this movie. For one that could pull off  things they couldn't in the last three. I remember talking to my brother  about how they should go and do the last three over exactly the same but  with better effects. Well I'm going to make this short. It all comes down  to that this Star Wars isn't the best of the bunch but it has a lot of eye  candy and action. Also you got to remember there are two more coming out.  Maybe they will pull those off a little better. So right now I'm off to buy  my copy of Star Wars I.
6305750750|5.0|SE1TPM was a great movie.  It was atmospheric, intense, lovable.  I liked Jar Jar, okay?  My problem is Jake Lloyd.  Ugh.  His lines were extremely - How to put it? - stupid.  George, just how many martinis had you had when  you were writing him?  If you can stand this kid, you'll like the movie.   Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan are awesome, sophistocated, complex characters.
0792156684|5.0|This is easily the second best movie I've ever seein, number two only the THE COLOR PURPLE. Many have said that the romance braught the film down, well, to me, that's not as big a deal. It is, in the end, suppose to be  entertainment. And I don't belive Rose's actions were totally out of place  -- they extend to extreams, yes, but that's what movies are well known for  usually: taking things to the extreams.<br />The sets, Ship, everything were  outstanding and amazing, too. The acting was good, and all the little  details, too.<br />I think many've over-looked the good qualities of this  movie. The ovbious work put into making the Ship herself, the manner of the  charactrers, the attiudes of the time, deserve credit.<br />You can't just  look at the bad points. That's a big problem with Society today: many tend  to only focus on the bad or different points rather than the positive  ones.<br />As for the only part of the movie that &quot;mattered&quot; -- the  sinking -- everything else leading up to it is important. You get to see  the ship, people, attitudes, the history of the time and other little  trinkits. It's like a history lesson in many ways. And the events of the  sinking -- how She broke in half, people getting shot at, 3rd Class  passengers being looked on the lower decks and not being allowed to come up  to the boats -- are all true. They did *A LOT* of research into the sinking  of the Titanic so that Her sinking would be portraid acurately.<br />Cudos to  the team that worked on this film!
B00004KD1L|2.0|I was very disappointed with this album.  First of all, the Air comparisons were what drew me in. Then, I heard they had a &quot;hit&quot; single, which to my knowledge I hadn't heard yet.  So I picked it up and  popped it on.  It didn't help them that I bought Vertigo along with Sigur  Ros's new album, but after listening to Vertigo a couple of times, I can  honestly say there is only one really good song.  That would be At The  River (which could have been a beautiful cover of Old Cape Cod, the stupid  song they sampled. Awesome!) And even that song reaks of English kids far  too impressed with what their toys can do other than what they can do with  their toys.<br />Oh, and their &quot;hit?&quot;  Whatever.  That song is all  over the worst gay bars in any city and sounds like every other song in  every gay bar.  I'm dissin' house.  Sorry.  It's done.<br />Anyway, there are  a couple of hints at nice stuff, but they don't have the balls to pull it  off.  Or they don't have someone in the studio with them saying &quot;Hey  kids, don't do that. And if you want to do that, don't do it that  long.&quot;  Oh well.  At the River is really nice.
0684872153|5.0|This was a real page turner, and once you have started, count on not putting it down again until you have finished laughing, crying, reading your way to the end!  I was personally thanking my lucky stars above that  my own miserable childhood (I thought) &quot;could have been much  worse!&quot;  A guarantee...you can't read ANGELA'S ASHES and not want to  read 'TIS soon after!
B00002SSWX|2.0|Aside from the fact that rowing ninjas is hardly menacing, I feel that the whole red ninja thing is pretty lame. I mean, where are they going to hide in that outfit? An apple factory?<br />Pick up another set with black ninjas,  and minus the oars. You'll thank me for it.
0684872153|5.0|This was a real page turner, and once you have started, count on not putting it down again until you have finished laughing, crying, reading your way to the end!  I was personally thanking my lucky stars above that  my own miserable childhood (I thought) &quot;could have been much  worse!&quot;
6301966015|5.0|I saw this movie when it came out and while the video is nice I really hope whoever owns the rights makes a DVD out of it.  Please!  A volatile who-done-it back to the swinging 60s in London.  Who could resist the young David Hemmings and Vanessa Redgrave caught in the intrigue and excitement of this incredible film.  Michelangelo Antonioni is a master.  The magic of the technology allowing the blowing-up a photograph to discover a murder.  Of course, to us guitar freaks, the real treat is the inclusion of the Yardbirds, with Jimmy Page(before Led Zeppelin) and Jeff Beck trading licks in the club scene with &quot;A Train Kept a Rollin.&quot; A period piece, the music and a murder.  Wow!  END
630018403X|5.0|This movie rocks! This is a pure delight involving five teenagers spending detention together on a saturday. They all come from different backgrounds,with different attitudes.But there is one thing they do have in  common and that is each one of them have a troubled &quot; home life &quot;  with a story to tell. A very entertaining movie watch and youll see.
B00004LN16|5.0|Angus and Malcolm ain't so young and Brian's a few ripped cords past 40, but God bless these guys for (mostly) ignoring trends, fads, and nonsense and pumping out straight-ahead overheated blues, which you can call metal  if you want to but it's not and never was. The lyrics are simple, the  entendres are double, the shots are triple and the bars are 12. THE AC/DC  album to own if you can only own one is and always will be Back in Black,  but Stiff Upper Lip fits VERY nicely in the top four AC/DC records released  during the past twenty years along with the overrated For Those About to  Rock and the wildly-underrated Flick of the Switch. Not a real stinker on  here and some certain-to-be-classics. For the first time in several tours I  might actually go see the boys live this summer, and I don't expect SUL  will out of my car changer much until then. Even the casual AC/DC fan (all  you know is &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot;?) will enjoy this from  beginning to end.
B0000027DJ|4.0|After the commercial success of TRASH,alice felt the need to head into a darker and heavier area of love.Gathering his celebrity cronies together once more Alice went into the studio to create HEY STOOPID.This is a more truthful release than TRASH with a mean cutting edge.HEY STOOPID is an  anti-teen suicide stomper;WIND UP TOY is eerie and familiar Alice character  Steven makes a cameo; DIE FOR YOU and MIGHT AS WELL BE ON MARS are love  songs with attitude;LOVE'S A LOADED GUN,SNAKEBITE, LITTLE BY LITTLE drip  with venom.They only song I don't like is FEED MY FRANKENSTEIN,but I love  the intro.This is the perfect mix of 80's commecial /classic Alice Cooper.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Back in Black will never be outdone. Ever since '74 AC/DC albums have been consistent in approach but inconsistent in quality. During the Johnson era (since '80) there have been four records you really should own -- BIB, For  Those About to Rock (though overrated), THIS ONE, and Stiff Upper Lip  (which is great). Razor's Edge would be the next one, followed by Live,  followed by all the rest in no order. No radio hits here; no songs your  11-year-nephew will know. What there is is some of the best, most energetic  playing and ballsy blues riffage ever to come out of the boys. The  remastered version sounds far better than the original...Click the switch  and order already.
B000002AHC|4.0|This is a classic album of it's time.The harmonies swim in and out,meshing with jangly guitars and musical styles.I listen to a song like GOIN' BACK and I yearn for my childhood years (even though I haven't hit 30 yet!).OLD  JOHN ROBERTSON shows us the country route the Byrds would take later in the  year.DRAFT MORNING makes us look into the mind of a Vietnam draftee.TRIBAL  GATHERING and DOLPHIN SMILE remind me of Monterey and the ranting David  Crosby indulged in during the Byrd's set.TRIAD sounds much better than the  Jefferson Airplane's version.ARTIFICIAL ENERGY is anti-drugs.This release  embraces different themes and music styles.It was only a pity that volcano  egos and conflicting lifestyles put to death a force in rock music.
630575067X|5.0|I don't see why people don't like Jar Jar Binks. I mean, doesn't he save Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan at the beginning, and then save everyone at the end by telling Queen Amidala about the Gungan army?  I think this is the best Star  Wars movie ever, and am GREATLY anticipating Episode II
B000002KOG|3.0|A lot of people eagerly awaited the first Neil Young album.His work with Buffalo Springfield was  never predictable;the same could be said for NEIL YOUNG.Folk meshes with guitars and a girl backup group competes with  strings.Neil sounds a trifle uneasy;as if a solo career was a regretable  move.There are two instrumentals on this release;something he would never  attempt again. The two classics on the album are THE LONER and THE OLD  LAUGHING LADY;songs still on Young's setlists today.There's a underlining  message of getting back to nature on NEIL YOUNG;a subject close to Neil's  heart.Although this is a low key debut,it is by no means unlistenable.
6301966562|5.0|By watching this movie a few times won't get me bored especially on every Sunday afternoon. I even watch it twice for a day. Lucky for me cause I have it in a &quot;VCD&quot; format, that what they called it in my region  (it stand's for Video Compact Disc)and unlike VHS, it won't get spoilt or  faded in sound quality or picture easily even if played thousands times  just like DVD or Laser Disc but not as good as though. And one thing bout  VCD is that it's &quot;CHEAPER&quot;! than the price of the VHS mentioned  here, I even have the soundtrack for the movie. Great tracks compiled  similar to what's in the movie. So for those who like 80's love movies, you  can start with these one. Get both then! ....
B00003Q438|5.0|One of the best movies for home theatre systems due to the quality of sound engineering.  You'll be really happy you bought that active sub-woofer. As a bonus, it is a good movie that still stands up well in  spite of its age (1989).  Special Edition features a great documentary on  the &quot;making of&quot; that is worth the price of admission.
0684872153|5.0|I was touched by the realism, the sadness and the ongoing hope of this young boy and his family. No matter what, they did not give up. I laughed and cried, sometimes at the same time. I can't wait to pick up McCourt's  next book, 'Tis. This was an excellent read, although a sad story in  itself, I highly reccomend it.
6301661737|5.0|I'm not good at remembering names, but I remember this movie very well.    The lord is injured and as luck would have it, his men have captured a lookalike for a petty theft previously - for just such an emergency.  When  the lord dies, the thief is made to impersonate the lord.<br />    Some people  like the drama and the battle scenes, which are top-notch.  What I found to  be exceptional was the portrayal of the imposter, who starts out as crass  and angry in the beginning.  Upon reluctantly taking position as a double,  the imposter rebels; he wants out and doesn't care much for his  &quot;sentence&quot; of three years (the agreed-upon time the imposter is  to be in place.)  But he does find his loyalty to the lord and land from  guilt and duty after a while, and although he is never at ease with his  position, he assumes it with responsibility.    His last act at the end  only makes the charge of the troops even more tragic, but it feels very  &quot;real&quot;.
6302902010|5.0|This version of Porgy N Bess is a must have for any one who collects classic movies or musicals. This is the best all black musical in history. It is truly a down home play that offers great music, and the harsh times  of being black in the 50's.
6305718954|5.0|...This was a very entertaining film.Very scary! Excellent acting.Not for those with a weak stomach!
6305657947|5.0|This movie should be titled &quot;How To Be A Pimp starring Pierce Brosnan&quot;  I haven't seen the original, but this movie was excellent.  I'm not a  big Renee Russo fan, but she is simply awesome in this film, and  I'm not saying that just because she's more than just scantily clad for  half the picture.  It's a great DVD; a must have for any collection.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is great! Don't take any words of them lowlife popmusic driven &quot;music&quot; listeners. This album rocks! It has good beats and the rhymes are funny yet true. And who ever said that rock has to rhyme?  I  think it's a hell of an album. It's definetly is worth your money
630575067X|5.0|I must say that I absolutely loved this movie and that unlike most people I trust George Lucas to show me the way that Anakin Skywalker fell from grace.  I can't wait for the next parts of the series and can't wait to own  them all on DVD!
0679746048|3.0|I guess I fell victim to the media hype surrounding the movie, e.g. Angelina Jolie's Oscar for best supporting actress.  As is my custom, I read the written work prior to seeing the motion picture version.  I was  disappointed in the book because I found it rather ordinary, and I  sincerely hope the movie version is better.
B000002B7W|5.0|Tribute... Live...  these are albums commonly associated withsomething only hardcore fans of a particular artist or act would buy.This 16-track powerhouse, containing the entire Blizzard of Ozz album, a few tracks from Diary of a Madman, and 3 classic Sabbath songs, plus studio outtakes of 'Dee', quickly erases that connotation, rather, making this live/tribute album an essential buy for not only Ozzy / Randy Rhoads fans, but for any guitar freak or lover of rock.  Rhoads is given free room to roam live.  No studio constraints means that he plays these songs his way.  His exhuberance and talent not only bring out the best in each song when performed live, without studio enhancement (the only enhancement is slight post-production on the mix) but obviously has an effect on Osbourne, who is obviously having the time of his life during this concert.  (Unlike most 'cut and paste' live albums, this was recorded during one single concert, giving it a remarkable sense of continuity)  Throughout the album, the entire band is given their chance to demonstrate that they were Ozzy's best backing band, but Rhoads is obviously the star, especially during a few select guitar solos (Crazy Train, Mr. Crowley) and his own showcase during Suicide Solution, which is as close of a guitar summit as Eddie Van Halen's 'Eruption'.  Rhoads was that good.  The only difference is the amount of time he had to demonstrate it.  One cannot help but compare Rhoads to Eddie Van Halen, because at the time of these recordings, they were far and away the two greatest guitar players out there, possibly, ever.  Their styles are similar, and it's almost impossible to say one's better than the other, especially since Rhoads, thanks to his short life, wasn't given a fair chance to challenge the master.  This album remains a perfect tribute to him, his talents, and Ozzy Osbourne's greatest era, (Mr. Osbourne proves to be a softy, constantly chanting 'We love you all' throughout the album).  It's quite possibly the best live album ever recorded.
1558801871|4.0|Spike once said that this is a film about a genius battling his inner demons.  Like every great musician, the one thing he loves most can not love him back, and he can only hope to hold on to it forever.  When he  loses it, he must come to grips with his isolation.  Viewed in that light,  I think Spike did an OK job.  Not great, just OK.<br />I think Spike tried to  hide Bleek's bad side until after he lost his music.  He made Bleek look  like a virtuoso that had it all - talent, success and women.  I think that  as far as the story, Spike overlooked many of the details in character  development that could have made the movie more dramatic and would have  given the viewer more insight into the pain Bleek experienced.  We had to  rely on Denzel's acting (which was excellent) to understand the heartache.   And Spike perhaps spent too much time on Giant's development.  Giant was a  supporting character, but oft times seemed to be the star.  (Was it Spike's  own ego that caused him to do this?)  And I think because of the lack of  character development, Bleek's return to Indigo, albiet emotional and  heartfeeling, was just not truly believable.  <br />This is a film with  excellent acting, cinematography, dialogue, music and sound, but the story,  unfortunately, does not hold up to tight scrutiny. Then again, when did  Spike ever worry about that?  Never.  Still worth 4 stars.
1565231023|5.0|World Champion carver Jeff Phares is kfamous for his lifelike busts and masks and in Carving The Human Face: Capturing Character And Expression In Wood, he shares his techniques for creating masterful human portraits in  wood. Part One showcases more than 20 of his current works, focusing in on  the wise and weathered expressions of Native Americans, frontiersmen and  cowboys.  Part Two offers more than 350 instructional photographs taking  the aspiring sculptor from a block of butternut to the finished facial mask  of a Native American warrior. Part Three of Carving The Human Face includes  more than 20 diagrams explaining facial anatomy and how it relates to  Carving Masks and busts. Woodcarvers and sculptors will find the material  and techniques comprising this single volume &quot;how to&quot; guide and  manual to be invaluable in honing their skills and improving their work.
6305750750|5.0|I was seven when the first Star Wars came out and I fell in love with it. George Lucas has done it again! The special effects are dazzling! A MUST BUY!
B000002TPS|5.0|This albums is so good, it's rediculous.  If you like Metal bands.... buy this album.  All the tracks are amazing, but my favs are Eleysian Fields, Familly Tree and I Thought I knew it All.  Again buy this album, it kicks  some serious behind.
6305750750|4.0|As a female Star Wars fan who took in The Phantom Menace on the big screen more times than you'd like to know-really-I couldn't wait to get my hands on the video (widescreen edition; not pan scan). And although watching it  at home doesn't have the same effect as viewing it in an ultra modern  theater outfitted with the works, I still can't help but marvel at the  jawdropping, climactic lightsaber battle, the saga's best to date. Plus,  there's the heartstopping Podrace-which should have snagged Menace a  special effects Oscar at this year's Academy Awards. And like the Star Wars  films before it, this one's got heart, too; the benevolent Qui-Gon Jinn  (Liam Neeson) easily ranks among my favorite Star Wars heroes ever, as does  Ewan McGregor's young Obi-Wan Kenobi (the Scot's Alec Guiness accent is  near perfect!). Ignore the naysayers and get your hands on a copy now.  Episode II will most likely be even better (incredible, if it takes its  lead from The Empire Strikes Back) and you'll need to know how it all  began. (I know, I know: A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away...)
0964385619|5.0|This is the book to get for anyone who wants to learn about money and building wealth.All others on the subject are basically the same,but this is the one that really defies conventional wisdom and teaches you how to  have the mindset to become wealthy.This book will pave the way people think  entering the new millenium.RUSH AND BUY IT!
B00000K0DQ|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I love this movie.  But my God, Sean Penn acted Susan Sarandon right off the screen, yet she won an Oscar and he didn't.  In fact, Sarandon's performance is not all that good, and at times greatly  exaggerated.  Yet Penn gave one of the great performances in recent memory,  but because he's been labeled as a &quot;Hollywood Bad Boy,&quot; he gets  no recognition.  And because Sarandon is married to the director and spouts  a lot of religious stuff and cries, she gets an Oscar.  It's not right.   Sean Penn is long overdue for recognition: just check out some of his other  films -- &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High,&quot; &quot;Bad Boys,&quot;  &quot;The Falcon and the Snowman,&quot; &quot;At Close Range,&quot;  &quot;Colors,&quot; &quot;State of Grace,&quot; &quot;Carlito's Way,&quot;  &quot;Hurlyburly,&quot; &quot;The Thin Red Line,&quot; &quot;Sweet and  Lowdown&quot; -- get the point?
078322947X|2.0|This movie is a good remake of Wages of Fear. Its even betterthan Wages in some places but the film needs some major help in someplaces.<br />This movie is told in a strange way, and I'm not talking about 4 unrelated scenes ending up in one, I'm talking about there is very little dialog in this movie. Not much words are said. One minor character has more words than Scheider and Cremer combined!<br />The characters are very unlikable.  Scheider's character hoping the other truck blows up so he can get more money is pretty bad. In Wages the men were friends and looked out for each other, here they are scum who just want money and will kill each other for it. I like that.<br />This is a very good movie and anyone who has seen Wages of Fear should see this one. The soundtrack is pretty strange and sounds like John Carpenter did it( i know who did the soundtrack). <br />I have one major problem though. You would think with the invention of DVD a widescreen option would be put on every disc produced. Seems cheap and logical doesent it? Guess not, this is very sad. This DVD looks like it was cut in half and diced on the top. Its like watching the movie out of a little window and I often found myself actually looking up trying to see for more screen.<br />Whats also very sad is that this movie wasen't a box office success, this film deserves some Oscars! Also sad is that since this film was a box office failure its a home video failure which it is. This disc isn't selling well which means we are NEVER gonna see a widescreen version of Sorcerer. Its a damn shame.<br />1 star off because its not as good as Wages of Fear. 2 stars off because of no widescreen. 2 stars because this movie is great!<br />I love this movie but it needs Widescreen and color remaster! Write Universal! Demand it!  END
0451160916|2.0|I remember after first seeing the movie how people kept telling me, &quot;oh, you HAVE to read the book!  All the holes in the movie are filled in with the book!&quot;  Well, I just finished reading and...... is that  it?  Is there a Part II that I missed?  I'm sorry, but this is a pretty  basic story that goes on and on and on about the boring thoughts each of  the characters have during every point in the story.  A bunch of boring  spooks haunting a hotel.  Some posessed hedges.  Yawn.  Scary?  Please.
6300182576|3.0|The film is neither great nor forgettable.  The presence of Clint makes it worthwhile seeing.   However, Sturges direction leaves much to be desired.  Joe Kidd has the feel of a made for TV movie converted to the big screen  because of the popularity of the star.  The pacing is slow and dragging.   Eastwood appearing in derby hat as a dandy dude doesn't quite make it.  It  is a finesse type of a slapstick western without being funny.  Even Lalo  Schiffrin's jazzy type of scoring is totally out of whack. But hey,  Eastwood's in it and its a western, so lap it up. I Kidd you not.
0694011479|4.0|This is a great book for all ages.  We've read it before &amp; are purchasing it today.  This book really teaches about loving yourself.  The silly chameleon wants to be everyone EXCEPT himself.  But then he discovers all the special things only HE can do &amp; decides he's not too bad  afterall.  And (of course) the pictures are AWESOME!
6305041156|5.0|This review concerns Fox Lorber's disappointing DVD production, rather than Ran itself, whose magnificence and raw artistry still manage to come through, though not undiminished. This DVD package gives a strong  impression as an undisguised exploitation of Kurosawa's art on the part of  unskilled amateurs.<br />The resolution of the film images for this stunningly  wrought work of art is inferior. Kurosawa would withdraw the title on that  basis, were he alive to do so!<br />Even the images of the English subtitles--  which, by the way, cannot be shut off--are of poor technical quality, with  characters breaking up and going fuzzy. The whole production--with the  exception of the sound  track--seems to have been dubbed  from an old VHS  copy in someone's garage. Really!<br />Also, for this 160-minute film, there  are a measly nine divisions in the scene access menu! Why bother?<br />This is  the only Fox Lorber title in my collection. I suppose it's possible that I  got a bad copy, altrough given the technology involved, and the remarks of  others who have bought the DVD, I find that hard to believe. It's likely to  remain my only Fox Lorber DVD!
0399226907|4.0|I have children aged 5,3 &amp; 1 year.  My 3 year old loves this book the best as a story.  My 5 year old enjoys trying to &quot;read&quot; it.  The repetition in this book is great &amp; the pictures help the children to  &quot;read.&quot;  My children are also picking up the concept of DAYS OF  THE WEEK and this book is a lot of help in that area.  My 1 year old just  likes to here me read &amp; the repetition keeps her listening intently.
6305041156|5.0|This review concerns Fox Lorber's disappointing DVD production, rather than Ran itself, whose magnificence and raw artistry still manage to come through, though not undiminished. This DVD package gives a strong  impression as an undisguised exploitation of Kurosawa's art on the part of  unskilled amateurs.<br />The resolution of the film images for this stunningly  wrought work of art is inferior. Kurosawa would withdraw the title on that  basis, were he alive to do so!<br />Even the images of the English subtitles--  which, by the way, cannot be shut off--are of poor technical quality, with  characters breaking up and going fuzzy. The whole production--with the  exception of the sound  track--seems to have been dubbed  from an old VHS  copy in someone's garage. Really!<br />Also, for this 160-minute film, there  are a measly nine divisions in the scene access menu! Why bother?<br />This is  the only Fox Lorber title in my collection. I suppose it's possible that I  got a bad copy, altrough given the technology involved, and the remarks of  others who have bought the DVD, I find that hard to believe. It's likely to  remain my only Fox Lorber DVD!
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is by far my favorite book.  It is about a teenage girl named Sabriel, who is a necromancer.  One night at Wyverly college, Sabriel is waiting in her study for her father Abhorsen's sending.  Around midnight,  she is interupted by a classmate telling her that a black shape had invaded  the dormitory.  When she arrived, Sabriel realized that it was carrying a  sack.  To speak with it Sabriel entered death.  Death is like a river with  nine gates.  If you pass beyond the ninth gate, you are almost always dead  for good.  The black shadow cried out, &quot;Sabriel! My messenger! Take  the sack!&quot;  It was her fathers voice.  Sabriel took the sack back to  life. It contained her father, Abhorsen's bells and sword.  This meant  Abhorsen could no longer return to the living.  Later Sabriel set out for  her father's house on the other side of the Wall.  The Wall seperated the  New Kingdom from the Old Kingdom.  The New Kingdom was more modern, and the  Old Kingdom was filled with the dead, and had lower technology.  Abhorsen's  house was located in the Old Kingdom.  And so started Sabriel's quest...  This is the best book I have ever read.  It is very exciting, with many  unexpected turns.  The villian, Kerigor, is very realistic.  &quot;Sabriel&quot; is detailed enough to be interesting, but not enough to  be boring.  I would recommend this book to fantasy lovers ages 11 and up.
B0000013G9|4.0|TLC's debut album was successful because of its pop appeal and their young and enthusiastic cross-colour-like image. Here, the group shows no signs of slowing down, as they still prove to be young, but maturing female artists.  As in the album's title, &quot;CrazySexyCool,&quot; each member possesses  one, if not all of those qualities. Their first single, &quot;Creep,&quot;  is a sultry groove about a woman's need for satisfaction, but not from her  unwilling man. They then turn down the lights and put on a &quot;Red Light  Special,&quot; a Babyface-produced groove that would be at home in any  bedroom. &quot;Diggin' On You,&quot; also Babyface-produced (obviously  absent is L.A. Reid), is a cool summer vibe about simply thinking about  someone you love. The album's best track comes in the form of  &quot;Waterfalls,&quot; which is a positive reminder to anyone who faces  temptation in any way to think twice before they act. As a result, the song  soared to no. 1 on the charts, and the album sold 10 millions copies  worldwide. Fans don't seem to care whether critics question the group's  turn from young and enthusiastic to sexy and sultry...
0767814037|5.0|I thought this movie had it all, action,good stars and comedy. It made me laugh and there were parts that made me cry. Especially when Danny Glover's  father was killed. Brian Dennehy made a great bad guy. I loved this movie!
B000007UHL|2.0|as a fan of most of the krautrock records i've heard i was anxious to finally check out this cd reissue. the old version on sequel was impossible to find. once i gave it a listen i realized i'd have to ignore the julian  cope hyperbole liner notes. this disc simply doesn't live up to the hype.  the recording is very high end and brittle. that, in itself, could be  overlooked if the group's excursions jelled once in a while. what you get  is weak saucerful of secrets keyboards and pretty uninteresting  faust/velvets fuzz tone guitar. the whole thing struck me as really  disjointed. this music works when there are sympathetic performences and  some kind of intuitive connection between the players. this disc seems like  a 3 guys playing at each other. true, the sounds are there, but they never  jell convincingly. save your cash for ash ra tempel or faust.
0679746048|1.0|This book was a waste of time.  It seemed the author tried to take a boring short story and add to it until it made a book.  I'm sorry I bought it.
B000007UHL|2.0|as a fan of most of the krautrock records i've heard i was anxious to finally check out this cd reissue. the old version on sequel was impossible to find. once i gave it a listen i realized i'd have to ignore the julian  cope hyperbole liner notes. this disc simply doesn't live up to the hype.  the recording is very high end and brittle. that, in itself, could be  overlooked if the group's excursions jelled once in a while. what you get  is weak saucerful of secrets keyboards and pretty uninteresting  faust/velvets fuzz tone guitar. the whole thing struck me as really  disjointed. this music works when there are sympathetic performences and  some kind of intuitive connection between the players. this disc seems like  a 3 guys playing at each other. true, the sounds are there, but they never  jell convincingly. save your cash for ash ra tempel or faust.
B000002BPS|5.0|This CD is great although it took a little getting used to.  The best songs are,  &quot;The meaning of life&quot;, &quot;Gone Away&quot; and &quot;All I want&quot;. These songs remind me of &quot;Genocide&quot; and  the song before that on the smash cd, where the band layers the guitar  riffs, this is my favorite type of punk.  Great cd, buy it.
6302824613|3.0|Surprisingly good. I thought it would be boring, but although in some stretches it was slow, the comedy is pretty good. Did I mention that Woody Allen is awesome!
B000022TSF|1.0|After hearing about how great this movie was, I finally purchased it for my wife.  This has got to be the most over-rated movie of all times.  A totally perdictable story-line, and a complete waste of the talents of Faye  Dunaway.  And to add insult to injury, the ending was horribly depressing.  What can I say about Jack! Well, he was just the same old Jack as always.  I'm not that hard to please, but I hated this movie.
B000002R48|2.0|Altough this isn't horrible, I can't totally warm up to bands like Dream Theater. If you wanna be prog, go for it all the way and forget the Metallica crowd. For their info; Prog guitar IS Robert Fripp, Steve  Hackett, Steve Howe not Van Halen and Yngwie Malmsteen(poofy haired macho  metal posing). Occasional brilliance,especially(maybe only) the drumming,  but in the end too 80's dated (the only decade where the sound doesn't  translate to today)and too metal. I'd rather listen to Rush over these  guys.
6302732875|2.0|My friend and I read many reviews of this movie- rave reviews. We are wondering if we missed something, because it is honestly one of the least interesting movies each of us has seen. Riveting?... Possibly in its  ability to lull one to sleep. Even as fans of the movie's actors, we were  left extremely unsatiated. If you are older, possibly this is for you. If  you are looking for action, this would be your last choice.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this cd rocks! The lyrics are halarious along with the band. Iam really, really looking forward to seeing them in concert. They canbe funny, like in the songs, Aliens Exist, and, Mutt, and can show a serious side in Adam's Song. These are 3 very talented, (and hot) guys.
B000023VR6|5.0|hey this cd is off the hook  it is the best cd i have listend to in a long time! @ any time that i feel happy sad bad or good i put in this cd and everything is back to gogood!  peace
0783240503|2.0|Joseph lovers; you will be disappointed with this film. Family viewing it is not. Potiphar's wife and her servants are definitely R rated, and you may be embarrassed to watch this with your children. The narrator is  breathy and sexy, which may work in some venues, but not when she is  narrating a Bible story to a grade school assembly. Rent it and get it over  with, but you'll probably grate at the slow musical pace.
B00002E285|5.0|yo this movie is mad good
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is easily the best of the 90's (although Nevermind competes with it).  It is phenomenal.  When I first heard it, I thought only about half the songs were good.  Now the album has grown on me and I can only  think of one that should be scrapped (Tales of a Scorched Earth).<br />I do  think that this is the best album ever.  My choice usually alternates  between this and the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper.  Sgt. Pepper has a lot to offer,  but some tracks are almost ordinary (Lovely Rita).  Abbey Road is another  contender, but its high points nearly aren't as high as Mellon Collie.  As  of now I haven't delved that deep into Dylan so I couldn't really make a  clear judgement on him.  His Highway 61 Revisited blew me away but is still  a bit inferior of Mellon Collie.  I don't have any other of his albums.   The last major contenders are the Beach Boys.  Pet Sounds is hard to argue  with and may even be technically better than Mellon Collie, but my heart  isn't as deep into it.  Smile, the Beach Boys' unrealeased psychedelic  album, is a lot like Mellon Collie.  It is grand, sweeping, experimental,  and fascinating.  It is also far better harmonically and melodically, but  its experimentation doesn't show up with the results the Mellon Collie has.  As for other greats like Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, they don't come at all  close.<br />Finally, here is the case for Mellon Collie and the Infinite  Sadness:<br />Billy Corgan has created a sweeping, atmospheric work that runs  into, at some point, almost every emotion klnown to man.  Yes, there are  some bad or just plain weird songs, but they are right in step with the  spirit of the album.  This is an album to be explored forever, to mature  with.<br />I don't want to enumerate the virtues of every song, but I would  just suggest: BUY THE ALBUM!  You won't regret it; just give it a chance.   Bullet with Butterfly Wings is the best song and an accessible one.  In  terms of other SP albums, Siamese Dream is excellent andyou might even  want to start it with it first.  Nevertheless, I started out with MCIS and  am glad I did.  Gish is a good album too; not on the same level as the  others, but good.  Adore was panned by both the critics and the fans, but  it is actually better than any other SP album aside from MCIS.  Machina is  not as good as SD or Adore, but it is superb nevertheless.<br />The bottomline  is that Mellon Collie is the greatest album of the Smashing Pumpkins,  possibly ever.
6305508550|5.0|This movie take place in a office .The company is a Silcon Valley type operation.For some of the worker , it means possible lay offs,more work for others and some even get promoted.We see this movie though the workers as  they toil for the boss(played the Brady Bunch's Gary Cole).The workers  conspire on a way to get rich off their employer's accounts. The movie  shows us what also happens at a restuarant when Jennifer Aniston works.One  of the employees falls in love with her.Eventually the workers must find a  way to return the money back to their boss.The ending was kinda what I  expected with the employee who off in some dark corner finding something he  was after the whole time! paychecks! Office Space is rated R for  swearing(in speaking and soundtrack)nudity and violence towards office  machines (especially printers! )See this movie even if you do not work in  an office! any one who works (and who does not) can relate to this movie!
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is easily the best of the 90's (although Nevermind competes with it).  It is phenomenal.  When I first heard it, I thought only about half the songs were good.  Now the album has grown on me and I can only  think of one that should be scrapped (Tales of a Scorched Earth).<br />I do  think that this is the best album ever.  My choice usually alternates  between this and the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper.  Sgt. Pepper has a lot to offer,  but some tracks are almost ordinary (Lovely Rita).  Abbey Road is another  contender, but its high points nearly aren't as high as Mellon Collie.  As  of now I haven't delved that deep into Dylan so I couldn't really make a  clear judgement on him.  His Highway 61 Revisited blew me away but is still  a bit inferior of Mellon Collie.  I don't have any other of his albums.   The last major contenders are the Beach Boys.  Pet Sounds is hard to argue  with and may even be technically better than Mellon Collie, but my heart  isn't as deep into it.  Smile, the Beach Boys' unrealeased psychedelic  album, is a lot like Mellon Collie.  It is grand, sweeping, experimental,  and fascinating.  It is also far better harmonically and melodically, but  its experimentation doesn't show up with the results the Mellon Collie has.  As for other greats like Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, they don't come at all  close.<br />Finally, here is the case for Mellon Collie and the Infinite  Sadness:<br />Billy Corgan has created a sweeping, atmospheric work that runs  into, at some point, almost every emotion klnown to man.  Yes, there are  some bad or just plain weird songs, but they are right in step with the  spirit of the album.  This is an album to be explored forever, to mature  with.<br />I don't want to enumerate the virtues of every song, but I would  just suggest: BUY THE ALBUM!  You won't regret it; just give it a chance.   Bullet with Butterfly Wings is the best song and an accessible one.  In  terms of other SP albums, Siamese Dream is excellent andyou might even  want to start it with it first.  Nevertheless, I started out with MCIS and  am glad I did.  Gish is a good album too; not on the same level as the  others, but good.  Adore was panned by both the critics and the fans, but  it is actually better than any other SP album aside from MCIS.  Machina is  not as good as SD or Adore, but it is superb nevertheless.<br />The bottomline  is that Mellon Collie is the greatest album of the Smashing Pumpkins,  possibly ever.
0783240287|3.0|In my opinion, the most apt description of this video is the one amazon.com has given it above. <br />Bright, colorful, playful, musical, and even a bit zany, JOSEPH comes to technicolor life in this one of a kind  show. It seems though, that audiences will love it or hate it. I guess I  fall somewhere in between.<br />While the performers take a tiny bit of  getting used to, especially for those familiar with the show, once you get  the idea that this is a show within a show within a movie, then you are  halfway there. You have to watch it with a sense of fun and joy. It  reminded me of &quot;Joseph&quot; as performed by the cast of &quot;Willy  Wonka&quot; thrown into the set of &quot;Brazil&quot;, with a dash of  &quot;Sillyville&quot; and &quot;Las Vegas Glitz&quot;. This is not a  serious treatment of the material, but rather a comical one (or one with  tongue placed firmly in cheek). View it that way, and you will have a ball.  <br />The sets are phenomenal, especially the giant Pharoah head and the  magical &quot;cartoon&quot; desert. I can't believe I was laughing so hard  so many times, as I know the material so well, and was consistently  surprised by the manner in which it was portrayed. <br />As for the suggestive  costumes, they last merely seconds on the screen, and concerned parents  (see posts below) should learn how to program their parental controls on  their DVD players. Other parents would realize that little kids won't even  notice what the big deal is all about (They will probably simply cover  their eyes if they react at all!). Kids see worse on MTV!<br />As for  irreverance, I would bet more kids would be likely to crack open a bible  after watching this than those who had never heard of it.<br />As a big fan of  Webber and Rice, I am glad that this video has finally been made, even if I  would have liked to have seen it done differently. Take it lightly and you  will have an &quot;amazing&quot; time.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is easily the best of the 90's (although Nevermind competes with it).  It is phenomenal.  When I first heard it, I thought only about half the songs were good.  Now the album has grown on me and I can only  think of one that should be scrapped (Tales of a Scorched Earth).<br />I do  think that this is the best album ever.  My choice usually alternates  between this and the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper.  Sgt. Pepper has a lot to offer,  but some tracks are almost ordinary (Lovely Rita).  Abbey Road is another  contender, but its high points nearly aren't as high as Mellon Collie.  As  of now I haven't delved that deep into Dylan so I couldn't really make a  clear judgement on him.  His Highway 61 Revisited blew me away but is still  a bit inferior of Mellon Collie.  I don't have any other of his albums.   The last major contenders are the Beach Boys.  Pet Sounds is hard to argue  with and may even be technically better than Mellon Collie, but my heart  isn't as deep into it.  Smile, the Beach Boys' unrealeased psychedelic  album, is a lot like Mellon Collie.  It is grand, sweeping, experimental,  and fascinating.  It is also far better harmonically and melodically, but  its experimentation doesn't show up with the results the Mellon Collie has.  As for other greats like Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, they don't come at all  close.<br />Finally, here is the case for Mellon Collie and the Infinite  Sadness:<br />Billy Corgan has created a sweeping, atmospheric work that runs  into, at some point, almost every emotion klnown to man.  Yes, there are  some bad or just plain weird songs, but they are right in step with the  spirit of the album.  This is an album to be explored forever, to mature  with.<br />I don't want to enumerate the virtues of every song, but I would  just suggest: BUY THE ALBUM!  You won't regret it; just give it a chance.   Bullet with Butterfly Wings is the best song and an accessible one.  In  terms of other SP albums, Siamese Dream is excellent andyou might even  want to start it with it first.  Nevertheless, I started out with MCIS and  am glad I did.  Gish is a good album too; not on the same level as the  others, but good.  Adore was panned by both the critics and the fans, but  it is actually better than any other SP album aside from MCIS.  Machina is  not as good as SD or Adore, but it is superb nevertheless.<br />The bottomline  is that Mellon Collie is the greatest album of the Smashing Pumpkins,  possibly ever.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I have had this album since it first came out in 1985. I think I have worn out two cassette copies until I bought it on CD two years ago. I was 16 in 1985, and I heard &quot;Take On Me&quot; on the radio, saw the  everlasting-cool video on MTV and was beside myself. The lyrics, the music,  and the arrangements were wonderful! I remember going to the record store  and asking for them by name! This is a very special album to me and I keep  it with me always. It takes me back to a time when everything was so much  different, and a time where I would have to almost get on my knees to beg  my dad for the car keys so I could drive around, listening to that cassette  of &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot;
0060977493|3.0|The God of Small Things, Arundhati Roy's award winning novel, combines a complex structure, a series of paradoxes,  and stream of consciousness to tell her story.  The impression given after the first few chapters are not  an indication of what follows in the remainder of the book.  In fact, the  opening chapters serve as a basis for what is to come and in missing them,  the reader would miss critical connections that later  refer to previous  chapters.  These connections foreshadow, hint, and allude to the tragic  inevitable fate that befalls the family.   Roy waits until the last  chapters to pull everything together to create the Terror of a family in  India.        The novel is clever in its selection of literary techniques.   Repeated phrases such as &quot;...the moth spread its wings...&quot; and  &quot;dum dum&quot; all mean something and are not  inserted to be viewed  as  annoying intrusions. In addition to her repeated phrases, Roy coins  words, and uses vivid description and detail.  &quot;...Baby Kochamma  balanced like a big bird over a public pot.  Blue veins like lumpy knitting  running up her translucent shins.  Fat knees dimpled.  Hair on them.  Poor  little tiny feet to carry such a load!)... (91).  Some of this technique is  unnecessary, slowing the plot's progression and distracting the reader.  On  the other hand, the creative language adds to the power of the novel.         The book can be read on many levels. At its most basic level, it is a  mystery about &quot;small things&quot; of a family.   The question is what  is the Terror, what occurred, and why did it destroy the family. These  &quot;small things,&quot; however, are a cover for a deeper and more  ambitious story having to do with the &quot;big things&quot; that trouble  India such as racial discrimination, class conflict and hatred, and  tradition and sexuality. Each character is destroyed by these societal  problems which are familiar to Western readers even if the Indian culture  is foreign.       Despite the richness of the language and the importance  of the book's themes, many readers become discouraged by the rambling and  out of sequence narrative which often appears to lack purpose.  The  author's lack of focus causes some readers to lose interest and their own  focus.  The attention to details and repetitiveness weakens the story line  and diminishes the excitement.  There is never a true climax, and little  action.  The style may leave readers confused and impatient.        I  experienced both the frustration and the satisfaction as I read the book.  In the early going, things seemed dull and confusing with the introduction  of too many characters all at once.  The book seemed long and pointless.  The action picks up in the last few chapters. The novel finished strongly,  revealing truth and the misfortune of each character. The final revelation  changed my original opinion of the novel.  I realized that in a sense the  story was told backwards.  Reading the ending, clarified the meaning of the  entire book for me. The ending saved the novel.
B000002H97|5.0|Contrary to what many Metallica fans believe, I think that this was their first great album. I'm not really a heavy metal fan, so I thought that their debut album, Kill em All, sucked, and Ride The Lightning and Master  Of Puppets were average at best. If you agree with what I just wrote, then  you'll love The Black Album. The Unforgiven is Metallica's greatest song  ever, and Enter Sandman and Nothing Else Matters were also excellent. So,  my advice is: Screw KEA, RTL, and MOP!  Go out and but The Black Album,  Load, Re-Load, and S+M right now!
0790736926|5.0|Contrary to what the review from 2/5/00 stated, Indians did kidnap children: some were adapted to replace a dead relative, some were used as slaves, and some were sold for ransom.  The captivity narrative has been a  popular genre of American literature since the days of the pilgrims.  The  most famous stories are of those children who so well adapted to their  lives among the Indians that they refused to go back to the whites.  Ever  heard of Eunice Williams, Mary Jemison, Frances Slocum, and Cynthia Ann  Parker?  Maybe some people should know what they are talking about before  trying to give a history lesson.<br />&quot;The Searchers&quot; is the  greatest film interpretation of the captivity narrative.  It is the fear of  his niece turning Indian that drives Ethan Edwards.  He must find her  before &quot;she is of an age to. . .&quot;  And when he fails that he  plans on killing her.  Ethan is a racist.  He fears and hates the  Comanches.  His opposite is the Comanche, Scar, whose sons were killed by  the whites, and now he fights for vengeance.  I think Ford was trying to  show that Scar is a Comanche version of Ethan, and vice versa.  (&quot;You  speak pretty good American. Someone teach you?&quot; is countered by  &quot;You speak pretty good Comanch. . ) Scar and Ethan have alot in  common.<br />In &quot;The Searchers&quot; the Comanches burn farmhouses, kill  and rape women, and steal children, and it shows whites repaying in kind  with the innocent Look being killed by the cavalry.  Such was life on the  Texas frontier in the late 1860's: brutal, racist, and violent.  &quot;The  Searchers&quot; definetly shows its age with the use of certain  stereotypes, and it would have been more realistic to show the Rangers  killing women and children when they charge into the Comanche village in  the end, but it's still a heck of alot more honest than &quot;Dances with  Wolves.&quot;
6301978587|5.0|It's definately my favourite movie. It's a great story and beautifully told. Barbra Streisand is one creative artist and she is equally talented in her movie career as she is with her singing.  Thanks for an excellent  and very entertaining movie, loved it! This 21 year old Aussie gal gives it  2 thumbs up! and they're way up high! *wink*  Carly wish@pipeline.com.au
