B005ZUR724|1.0|it started asking me to update and I couldn't play so I changed my reveiw to 5 to 1 star
0385512058|1.0|This book was beyond basic, there was little in it that was worthwhile.  Here are the two takeaways:  1) Position yourself around great people  2) Build authentic relationships aka don't be a networking jerk or sleaze ball  Don't waste your time with this trash.
B000ELJBAA|5.0|This is a great CD, of course I think anything David Gilmour does is great, from Pink Floyd to all of his single CD's. Was not disappointed at all with any of the songs.
0451228731|5.0|From even the beginning this book grabs your attention and doesn't let go. I had to grab the second book the same day I finished the first, was too interested.
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is so so fun. I love this game it is so easy and not hard at all I really would tell all of you to get it. Fruit Ninjas ROCKS:)!
B005R4255C|2.0|Poor tribute and money grabber to a legend.  How many unreleased work would there be, how much better could this album have been.  A misguided gentleman and a everlasting human.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really enjoy this game! Its very entertaining and addictive! It has a great variety of choices and games to play!
B0063IH60K|5.0|MobilityWare Solitaire is the real deal. It provides the same entertainment as a deck of cards without the hassle of the cards.
0062101897|3.0|My daughter loved the book....HOWEVER...it is IDENTICAL to Harry Potter Wizardry by Brian Sibley 2010 (red bood).  The ONLY difference is this book has larger pictures (due to book being bigger in size).  My daughter actually preferred the red book to this one, because the red book had special additions included in the book (Example: envelope taped to one page with harry's acceptance letter enclosed; potion book; tickets to the yule ball, etc...).  So, I would not recommend buying both books.
0061997811|4.0|Identical to blue book entitled, \\"Harry Potter Page to Screen, The Complete Filmaking Journey\\".  Only difference was this book had some extras attached to some of the pages (Harrys hogwarts acceptance letter was enclosed in an envelope, taped to one of the pages; Yule ball tickets; sample of the Quibbler attached to a page; Potion Book attached to a page).  As far as the content, both books were identical. They were the same............WORD FOR WORD and PICTURE FOR PICTURE.  So, I wouldn't purchase both, like I did.  I just did't knw.
1419702238|5.0|My grandaughter loves this series and has read them all and was pleasantly entertained once again by the antics in this book THanks!
B006C1DH92|1.0|App requires the Amazon Appstore, a terrible and cluttered app, to be installed in order to run, resulting in 10mb of unmovable data once all is accounted for, and once that is worked through, the application will rarely run for more than a minute before closing without any message. The app's failures in itself, I can forgive as this is the initial release, but this Amazon stuff is ridiculous. I'll wait for the regular market release.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101-in-1 Games is awesome app. It provides numerous amounts of games in one app. I recommend this app for kids ages through 4 to 12 because it is has great games. Also this app is free!!!
B0053JJLLC|4.0|I too have been a Michael Crichton fan and have read every book he wrote.  I admit some of his books are better than this one, however, I couldn't put it down.  Based on the reviews given, I would not have purchased the book.  I am glad I did and judged for myself.  It is exciting and a page turner.  It is thrilling and scary.  It is fun.  It is everything I like in a book.  Kudo's to Mr. Crichton.  Judge for yourself.
B005HSL626|5.0|it was the best game I ever downloaded. really fun for kids when there bored. fun. hand eye skills very addicting game. I love it
B006C1DH92|4.0|A cute version of fruit ninja ... puss in boots voice sounds pretty real too. my son will enjoy this :)
B004JN1CW4|1.0|maze runner was a master peace and sorch trials was ok. yet tthe author did not capture what would of really happen. in this book thomas does stuff like a stubbern ass and a few people unnessasaily die. i am not a fan of this sex crazed former crank brenda yet she is in the majority of the book and terisa is a minor. it is incorectly posed and the characters were not who they were in the other books. dont bother reading this book.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I got this app for a meager .99 I would've paid up to 2.99 because of the content and physics of the game! It is fun and VERY addictive (so you have been warned) Fell safe in getting this fun little app next to Angry Birds it is right up there for high levels of entertainment!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Just got this bag today and I'm disappointed in the size.  If the bag was just a little deeper, it could fit gripped camera bodies so much easier.  I have a Canon 5d mk ii, gripped, and it barely fits in the bag.  I feel like I'm going to bust the zipper when I try to close the bag b/c it is a tiny bit too small.  If I took the grips off both of my camera bodies, this bag would fit both wonderfully.  I would only recommend this to people using non-gripped cameras.<br /><br />**Update**<br />The camera bag seems to have stretched out a little and I'm able to fit gripped cameras a lot easier.  I also switched to Nikon and they fit even better than my Canons did.  I didn't think there was a noticeable size difference in the 2 brands, but apparently there is!<br /><br />Overall, I love this bag! Best $35 I've spent!
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|Fun for kids and, admittedly, myself. I am not so great at it, but it is a good time-waster when you are in the waiting room or airport.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|I got mine from Netflix, so you don't even have to spend much to see this film, I think Amazon rents them too. And, everyone should be required to watch this. Even if you can't understand all the moves that were made, you can understand the basic point, which was, we, the general public, or the 99%, got screwed! My worry is that congress is so indebted to these money tyrants that they won't be able to do anything about it.. even President Obama got sucked into using members of this mob, but it looks like he isn't going along with everything they want and so they have been obsessed with getting him out of office. When are these thugs going to be prosecuted? ...probably, never.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Fun game it is very interactive. sometimes its hard to select an item though. looking forward to more games by this company.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Rarely do I rate apps...but I have always enjoyed Fruit Ninja....and this is an amazing combo with PIB!! You won't be disappointed....great new way to play the game.
B0043URV5U|5.0|Another awesome release by Seger.  He continues to rock after all these years.  You will enjoy this music as rock and roll never forgets.
B004GYY714|5.0|I rarely write reviews, but this app is amazing. Not only I'm able to listen to my local stations on demand, but I can listen to radio stations from my home country and other places in the world. Thank you for bringing a piece of nostalgia into my life, for free.
B006O5XYWG|5.0|Had us glued to our seats the entire time! Will definately be buying this movie! I seriously hope that they end up making a sequel to this movie.
B0013ND30M|5.0|Very pleased with the great condition of the DVD's and received them very quick. The recipient of this gift was very happy.
B0063IH60K|5.0|First download for my new Kindle Fire.  Very easy to use, nicely set up and handy. Enjoying the device and the game.
030788743X|3.0|When I was in college, a friend and I sometimes had whole conversations in movie quotes.  Eventually, someone called us on it, telling us how obnoxious it was and asking whether we were capable of an actual conversation.  It hit home, and now it's something I see in many geeks (of which I do still consider myself one).  Oh, sure, an occasional well-selected line from Futurama or Python still gets a laugh, but I prefer my personal interactions to have something more than regurgitated bits of past entertainment.  For the most part, \\"Ready Player One\\" is like one of those shallow geek conversations.  The first third has very little to say on its own.  It establishes the world in which it takes place, but mostly it's dropping lines and titles from geek culture.  There is a two to three page section where the hero literally lists a bunch of movies and music he has studied.  It reads like a list of things Cline wasn't able to work into the story but wanted to reference anyway.  There's nothing clever or geeky about it -- it's a list that could have been copied from Wikipedia.  Things improve once the hunt really begins, and the articles of nostalgia move beyond window dressing to truly serve the plot.  Actually exploring a recreation of a D&D module instead of just mentioning it, for example.  And there are some amusing pop culture mashups.  There is a plot here, thin though it may be, and the gimmick bolsters it enough that the book is worth reading.  Contrary to some other reviews, Cline does not condescend to explain every last reference.  Wade's alias \\"Bryce Lynch\\" is not explained; \\"Setec Astronomy\\" is dropped in as part of a password (I was waiting for someone's passphrase to be \\"My voice is my passport.  Verify me.\\")  It's fun to catch those, but again, movie references alone do not make for a good book.  The book was clearly written with an eye toward a movie adaptation rather than just a book.  The entire prologue is practically a storyboard.  That rubbed me thewrong way from the beginning.  It is also very obvious that \\"Ready Player Two\\" is already in the works.  In summary: short on substance, not the witty geekgasm I was promised but amusing enough.  The movie should be fun, and I'll probably read the inevitable sequel in hopes of an improved plot and better use of the premise.
B0063IH60K|5.0|If you love playing Solitaire, you'll need to get this app; has every option that you may want, easy layout, fast acting. Get it, awesome.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|great app, I'm becoming re-addicted to chess again but this time don't have to carry around the chess board...only complaint is in two player mode would be better to simulate two players at opposite ends of the table instead of switching perspectives after each move - or make it a preference.
B005ZUR724|1.0|spent 6.99 and an hour doing this and I cant update. look its pretty simple you cant patch a game with no way to do the patch. plz fix this. you've really let me down.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|Best Megadeth album since \\"Youthansia\\"  Welcome back Dave & Dave.  What took you guys so long?  Seriously d@mn good effort.  Enjoy.
B0066WJLU6|4.0|this is a great app.  I wish the LED part worked on my kindle fire.all in all it works good and bright.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I've had this Soundfly in my Lexus rear seat cigar lighter for the past month.  It is hard to remove as noted in other posts.  I believe this is an intentional design as any jiggle in the electrical connection changes the music playback.  Therefore I leave it connected all the time and do not remove it from the lighter.  Setting the FM connection on the car radio was simple and if tired of MP3 songs I push a radio button for a different station.  I downloaded MP3 songs from my computer onto a 2GB flash drive and plug that into the Soundfly.  Sound is sharp and clear and is as good as an FM station or CD with no buzz or hiss.  I also plan to use this for language lessons.    I am extremely happy with this purchase.  I believe it should last a long time even though I arranged to have it powered on every time the car is running.  A number of flash drives or SD cards will be kept for different types of music or for language lessons.
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|One of the best television series ever!  Six episodes that left you HUNGRY for more.  I really can't wait for the release of Season Two!!
B000AM2L1O|5.0|Okay, seriously, I almost didn't buy this doll for our daughter because of the whole \\"baby with yellow teeth\\" thing that some others mentioned.  Not that big of a deal.  I noticed them when I first opened the box....they're TINY teeth, and not exactly white.  But, I have since never noticed them nor has my 3 y.o. daughter.  And yes people, babies do have teeth.  This is NOT a newborn baby....at least my newborns never sat upright in a little chair!  This is like a 6 month old or something, and they DO have teeth.  So, for those reviewers freaking out about \\"newborn dolls with teeth\\"....it really wasn't an issue on our end.  Other than that!  Very cute, small, soft baby, smells nice (not overpowering), and she's the new fave around here.
B002VECM6S|4.0|What can I say, she got a Oscar for this play. I am a big fan of her, but in this heart moving movie she made a great performing.  This item does not have special features though. I would rather have one that has it. That is why I give it 4stars.
0195145925|4.0|My understanding of quantum mechanics and general relativity is minimal at best, but the author has convinced me that time is an abstraction. His idea is that only Platonia, a landscape of all the possible positional configurations of the universe, is the only thing that exists. The author explains the perception of change as a path of consciousness taken through Platonia, but he does not explain why the path itself exists. The path is evidently determined by probability as described by quantum mechanics. All of the possible universal configurations exist but only some are perceived by consciousness as determined by quantum mechanics. This at least is my hazy understanding of his hypothesis. It's similar to the many worlds idea of Everett, where each possible branch of the universe is only aware of itself. In the author's idea, only configurations on the path are perceived and all the other configurations, while existing, are effectively unrealized in some way. The author generates more questions than he provides.   Apart from his speculations about Platonia and timelessness, the author presents a fine history of physics worth reading all on its own.
B002APU580|5.0|I have all ways been a true Pride and Prejudice fan. For the longest of time I had watched the BBC version of the story, until I stumbled across this more recent version. Though this film leaves out a few critical details, I find it to be more realistic and how the author would have wanted it to be portrayed. I also noticed that there was more chemistry in the cast making this love story a lot more believable. 5 stars!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I got mine and it fits my Kindle Fire perfectly.  I love it.  The only complaint I have heard on this is that it doesn't stand up well.  Perhaps for some the folded case doesn't stay in the slot.  If I hook the elastic band under the folded cover while it is in it's little notch, it doesn't come un-standed at all.  I love the super light weight of it.  It is really is the slimmest and lightest form factor imaginable.  My recommendation for a BUY.  I also have a Kindle DX with a rather heavy leather case.  I like it, don't mind the heft there.  But my Fire is my lightweight, media rich alternative.  I use the Dx for length reading and the Fire for TV and movies in bed.
0066620996|5.0|I can't help feeling a sense of despair reading this book. Good to Great provides emperical evidence on what makes a company exceptional, covering leadership, technology, strategy and information gathering. Reading this book is likely to be more helpful than any stock/share advice book, and contains information that generalises to almost any organisation, whether the classroom, sports team or charity.<br /><br />In fact this g2g provides the organisational guidance that Gladwell's Outliers provides to individuals.<br /><br />So why dispair?<br /><br />Like all reviews of emperical evidence the things we learn almost always are directly opposite 'common knowledge' or popular trends. Celebrity CEOs, major restructures and strategic revolution all have litte or no objective evidence of success, yet these seems to be the first port of call for today's organisations. Particularly worrying is to see these trends in government organisation happening evertime a new leader is elected.<br /><br />Nevermind - this book is full of the data-driven knowledge you want, I enjoyed reading it and without becoming to gushy this book even provides the guidance to work through my despairing, so in other words. READ THIS BOOK
B00005UWMX|1.0|I bought this DVD and it won't play stating it is the \\"Wrong Region\\".  What in the world does this mean. I recceived nothing for my money
B004EPYZSK|4.0|Movie is great but the Blue ray version with the interactive feature that you have to search the menu to find out how to disable the function just in order to watch the movie.  You cannot just hit play with the Blue Ray version
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love this app. I have it on my phone, computer as well as my Kindle so I can access it anywhere to continue my daily readings and devotions. I especially love that it reminds me to read! Every little bit of help I can get is awesome!
B006PAZMMK|5.0|I must say that Skrillex has filled that \\"niche\\" of music that I could have never even imagined.  I am a total fan now.  This album is amazing as expected.  On a side note, his work on the new Korn album was amazing also!
B004SUWR2C|4.0|i love it. i play it on my kindle fire everyday. i don't really see a problem with it. although, when i got it was only 99&cent;. the price for it now is way to high! if they were to lower the price for it to around a dollar, more Ppl would buy it. but i like it. although its not worth the price, its fun!
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Only Buble could revive great Christmas songs. Love this album. It will be my \\"mainstay\\" Christmas album of all time.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote  goes where I go. I use it for everything--recipes, receipts, notes.of all kinds. Love It!!! I have copies on my desktop, my iphone and now my kindle fire.  Thanks to the developers. Great job!
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I loved this book- her use of language was artful, with a great use of imagery, and the story was complex & interesting. Thought-provoking, too - the use of the supernatural in a good vs. evil battle.  I found myself looking up lots of words related to magic and alchemy. I appreciated the (in my opinion) PG rating - whether it was reflective of the time period or the author's preference, the sex & language were rather tame.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|An excellent selection of Holmes stories! It really was difficult to put down my Kindle while I was reading. This was my first experience with any of the original Holmes stories and I feel quite satisfied to have started here. Fellow fans of Holmes film interpretations will get a real kick out of these original adventures.<br /><br />The only complaint I have about this publication is some of the foreign symbols and letters did not display correctly. Most often it was the British pound sign. This small annoyance did not detract from the overall enjoyment of the stories, however. Considering this is a free digital book, I definitely recommend it to all Kindle users!
B005ZUR724|3.0|this game is quite fun but is a major ripoff because I bought it and plaid it for like 3 to 4 hrs and then it says that I need to update and I cant find any updates to it its pissing me off I swear if they don't fix the problem then I demand my money back and ill get people not to buy games from gameloft again I swear it. so they better fix it
B006C1DH92|1.0|Will not even open on my Samsung Infuse. Instantly  uninstalled!!!! The description does say it does not run on many samsung devices, but if they know that they should fix it.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|I downloaded this on my new kindle and it froze it completely I had to get another one sent to me stay away from this app
B003JTHESA|5.0|Firstly, I do want to say that most classic Maiden fans will not like it the first listen or two, some say it's boring, they obviously have never heard the whole album through more than once, if that.  Each time you listen to it you'll hear things you didn't before, you'll notice the bass in places you normally wouldn't, you'll notice a third or even fourth guitar track, and then you'll piece it all into the single glorious whole that is The Final Frontier.
0062101897|5.0|This book is huge! Just what the dedicated Harry Potter fan who is sad that it is all over needs.
B000H4QD1O|5.0|Just so good! great character development, relationships, and questions unanswered, tension, love and hate, trust and betrayal... I could go on!
B004L9WGX0|5.0|YA HE RECIBIDO EL DISCO, HA LLEGADO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES Y MUY BIEN EMBALADO, EL TRANSPORTE HA SIDO MUY RAPIDO, EXCELENTE VINILO<br />ESPERO TRABAJAR MAS CON VOSOTROS.<br />MUCHAS GRACIAS POR TODO
B0042RJWTC|5.0|Great series! Amazon got the boxed set to me very quickly during the holidays. The price was about half of what I have seen it for in stores.
B0062NAX1U|4.0|Courageous is a film about four deputies, working to bring the hammer down on a drug ring, while simultaneously struggling with their family issues, and their incomplete commitment to God and those they care about.  Of course, this comes from the same group who brought us \\"Fireproof,\\" so we know two things about it from the get-go.  One good news, and one bad.  The good news is that the movie is beautiful and has a very strong story about its characters.  The bad news?  It's overtly a protestant movie.  I'm not going to hide this; there are three scenes with a \\"pastor,\\" who doesn't wear a collar, and one in a \\"church\\" that just lets anybody get up and speak to the \\"congregation;\\" a church that looks, for the most part, like an auditorium.  When a film is strongly and overtly protestant, as this one is, I always have a tough time getting past that.  As much as we might want to be virtuous and good, and to face our responsibilities with courage and boldness, without the rock of God's inerrant will to ground ourselves to, we'll never completely succeed.  Only one church has that, and everything else is man-made.  Like the other films made by this group, this film is very real about its characters, and very grounded in reality.  It's very strong in its integrity, but it doesn't stroke the imagination, so I'm afraid that there's only so much enjoyment I could get out of it.  I'd much prefer to watch a substantive piece that also has some supernatural or imaginative dimension to it, because I feel it holds the attention much more strongly.  However, I understand and respect those who want to see a movie taking place in a world identical to their own; those who think it's easier to relate.  As a man, I don't think like that.  Now, with all that dealt with, I really liked this film, in spite of its somewhat mundane premise and under-the-top delivery.  It had a good heart and a strong message with a lot of characters (perhaps too many, but perhaps not,) who all get the chance to show who they are.  The main character seems to be Adam; one of the deputies, who suffers a horrible tragedy and must gradually cope with it.  His integrity shines through the strongest, and he and his team go through a lot of soul searching (as well as a brief adventure or two,) on their route to a lifelong commitment that they have to make; to live with integrity and courage.  Adam's partner Shane struggles with his own issues, and Nathan; another deputy, needs to face the fact that he's been focusing too much on being better than his father, and not enough on being the best father he can be.  The rookie, David, has an old shame to confront as well.  Over the course of the film, Adam also makes the acquaintence of an out-of-work, but hardworking family man named Javier.  I would say that he has some of the strongest faith in the film, as well as being one of the most welcome additions to the cast.  He adds some much-needed comedy to the proceedings, but not by being foolish, or a stereotype, the way less-complicated movies probably would.  Javier adds many laughs to the movie, while facing his own difficult situations with honor and integrity, and I honestly found him one of the movie's most likable characters.  This was a really good film.  It doesn't look like much, but it's got the right things in the right places.  Is it perfect?  No, but it's easily one of the best films released all year.  It's involving, substantive and severe.  Most of the movie is spent getting serious and doing what needs to be done; an attitude that we really need to bring back.  This is certainly not my favorite of the films made by this particular group (that honor still goes to Fireproof,) but it stands head and shoulders over its competitors.  Watch the film.  Take your teenagers.
B006C1DH92|5.0|This game wayyy better then the original fruit ninjas, hands down. The slicing and dice is the same but has new gameplay and feature. The bandito mode is KRAZY fun!
B0007RTA0M|3.0|I'm writing this as a review of the physical aspects of the vinyl record, not necessarily the music. As a vinyl buyer I find it difficult to judge a record before buying since so many of the reviews are about MP3s or CDs. I expect that you have probably already formed an opinion of the music either by listening to it or reading other reviews.  Quality-wise the record is good. My copy is perfectly flat and doesn't skip so it is very playable (unlike any of the three copies of [[ASIN:B000003N7F A Love Supreme [Vinyl]]] which I have had to return to Amazon - don't buy that record on Amazon). The vinyl is medium-weight, probably 150 grams. It is NOT a 180 gram record, which is regrettable.  The sleeve is a bad design - concerning functionality. I like to keep my records in sealable poly outer sleeves because I want them to last a long time. Unfortunately, the sleeve on this record is abnormally thick on the spine side. I can fit it into a poly outer but the opening has to be at the spine side, meaning that I have to completely remove it to get the record out - as a result I don't listen to this record often. Maybe I'm a little lazy, but apart from that I am concerned that the sleeve will wear out from repeated removal.  Three stars because I like the record and it is a good pressing, honestly I would give it one more star if the sleeve was better.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I've been using this for months. Indispensable! I have two access points for my wireless network and the channel strength view helped immensely in setting this up optimally.
B004IOP18A|5.0|I'm writing this as a review of the physical aspects of the vinyl record, not necessarily the music. As a vinyl buyer I find it difficult to judge a record before buying since so many of the reviews are about MP3s or CDs. I expect that you have probably already formed an opinion of the music either by listening to it or reading other reviews.  This record is awesome! Apart from the great music it is also a very good pressing. The record is 180 grams, 100% wobble free and the label is well-centered with no tears. I cannot stress how good this record is.  The sleeve is just average. It is well-constructed but it's not particularly interesting looking.  Five stars because every LP should be this perfect. I hate getting a record that wobbles or has edge warp.
B004EPYZQ2|1.0|I so wanted to like this. I mean with names like Speilberg and JJ Abrams, I thought this would be great. I'm a huge \\"Fringe\\" fan, but this movie lacked any of that vitality. The kids were okay, but the plot line was weak, the acting poor and it never seemed to work, for me anyway.<br /><br />For being blu-ray, and having a few action scenes, particularly the train accident, it could have been so much more intense.<br /><br />Sadly, all this taught me is this: I will be more cautious of future movies with these names attached.
0307460444|5.0|In the past cupcakes have always been viewed as childish; \\"Funfetti\\" with ready-made icing and sprinkles. Many other cupcake recipe books haven take this childhood birthday party approach to cupcakes. This book is different.  Martha Stewart's book has 175 recipes and all of them lean toward gourmet dessert. Cupcakes are perfect single-serving cakes and there is no reason that they shouldn't be beautiful and delicious. In recent years bakeries that specialize in elegant cupcakes have sprung up in New York and Washington, DC, a cupcake paradigm shift that undoubtedly influenced this book.  In addition to the plethora of delicious recipes, the book also explains decorating and preparation concepts so it's not just a book full of recipes for culinary experts. If you are an aspiring cupcaker, this book is a great starting point. I have found it to be excellent and I recommend it highly.  Another book that you should also consider is: [[ASIN:0062090607 The Cupcake Diaries: Recipes and Memories from the Sisters of Georgetown Cupcake]]
B00020JQFI|1.0|Sad, I bought it as a gift and it turned out to be a European version which would not work on their North American DVD player.
B005DTEUAE|4.0|Quality-wise this album is pretty good. The heavy-weight vinyl is always nice and my copy happens to be very flat which is almost a miracle based on some of my other recent purchases. My complaint about the quality of this record is that the outer sleeve is an odd shape and doesn't fit into the resealable poly outer sleeves that I keep my other records in.  Music-wise the album is decent. It's not as good as Stadium Arcadium, in my opinion and definitely falls short of Californication or Blood Sugar Sex Magik. I would put it on the same level as By The Way, which is an album that I do generally like. If you are reading this, you probably already have listened to the album so I won't elaborate.  Overall this is a decent album on vinyl. If you don't already have Blood Sugar Sex Magik, Californication and Stadium Arcadium on vinyl I would recommend buying those first. If you are a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan who wants to add to their collection I would say this is a worthy addition.
B000002H33|5.0|More than 20 years after its release, Master of Puppets still stands alone as the  best heavy metal album of all time.  The production quality of Master of Puppets alone gives it such a portentous vibe paralleled only by the complexity of the music itself. I remember when I heard it for the first time after buying it on used cassette tape.  It was the first full Metallica album I ever bought and the acoustic intro to Battery first made me think I had gotten a dud, because it didn't sound like any heavy metal I had ever heard before.  From there, I felt like I had been dropped  off the back end of a roller coaster! Every time I listen to it now, I am reminded of how blown away I was the very first time I heard it.  There has never been another album like it since!
B00008O31I|3.0|I'm writing this as a review of the physical aspects of the vinyl record, not necessarily the music. As a vinyl buyer I find it difficult to judge a record before buying since so many of the reviews are about MP3s or CDs. I expect that you have probably already formed an opinion of the music either by listening to it or reading other reviews.  This record is 180 gram. It is almost - but not quite - perfectly flat. I do get a very slight platter wobble with this record. It's not horrible but it is there if you look. Also, the label has slight tears around the center hole - again it's nothing terrible but it is apparent.  The sleeve is your average run-of-the-mill LP sleeve (that is actually a positive aspect - some records are odd shaped and cause storage issues). Nothing to report in this area.  Three stars because the vinyl isn't perfect. I wouldn't be so picky but it is a limited edition pressing and I expect more care in the production of a $20 record. Also, I have to admit that this isn't quite as good as [[ASIN:B004IOP18A Big Come Up (180 Gram)]] or [[ASIN:B003F5WOEC Brothers (2 LP w/Bonus CD)]]
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This product is great is great for adding multiple calendars for a quick glance of schedules. Helps keep my day organized.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|it does not show the pic. it is just all white screen! I WASTED MY MONEY!!:(  don't by this app! it stinks!
B006PAZMMK|5.0|I just finished listening to the album and I think it is awesome! \\"Right In\\" sets a high-energy tone to get you pumped, and there are also slower jams like \\"Summit\\". Also, 6.99 isn't a bad price at all to support a rising artist. All in all, I am very happy with my purchase.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I really like this app. It has very few ads and it works flawlessly. I like that it has an &quot;undo&quot; option. I especially like that it's free!
B003P2WO5E|4.0|I started reading this book a while back and then \\"A Dance with Dragons\\" was released so this book went to the back burner for a while (I mean, I'd been waiting YEARS for Dragons to come out but that is in another review).     I enjoyed the story and character development and I really enjoyed the stormlight concept. I haven't found anybody as original as Sanderson when it comes to clever and rational magic systems and I always enjoy them.  Although I enjoyed this book, I didn't think it was Sanderson's best work. Certainly it didn't engage me as much as some of his other work and it seemed unnecessarily long. I got the feeling that this is the beginning of a long, long story without a lot of action. I think this is a ten-novel series that could probably be told in six or 7 novels.     Sanderson has a lot of artwork in this book, more so than any of his other works and this is a problem with the Kindle edition. Not only can you not see the map, you can't see the artwork of the creatures introduced in this novel and this takes away from the story somewhat.      That said, I liked this book and I'm sure I will read the rest of the series, but this book may be more for hardcore Sanderson fans (if there is such a thing).
B0063IH60K|4.0|This app is the a time killer. Doesn't have and glitches and rarely has ads so it doesn't get annoying. hands down this is one of the best card games that u can get.
B0010SKUYM|4.0|Contrary to some of the reviews I've read, this is not the best fantasy fiction I have ever read and this is not the 21st Century's equivalent of The Lord of the Rings and Patrick Rothfuss is not the next coming of Tolkien.     At times I found this book repetitious and pondering, but for the most part I enjoyed it; if you like the genre, by all means, you should read it. However, if you go into it thinking this is on the level of The Lord of the Rings, you may find yourself disappointed. That's just a very high expectation to have. If your expectation is to have an enjoyable fantasy experience however, you should be pleased with it.   What I didn't like about the book: I found that there were frequent repetitions of phrases.  For the most part this is just annoying, but sometimes it's very confusing, no more so than when Kvothe sees Denna in a dress. In chapter 58 when he discovers Denna was his Aloine, he sees her in a dress for the first time (as opposed to traveling clothes). Then in chapter 65 when Denna shows up at the Eolian to see him, he sees her in a dress for the first time. Huh? How can you see someone in a dress for the first time twice??   The other thing I didn't like, and this is harder to ignore, is when the author does something that I consider cheating. This comes about when the author introduces a skill/knowledge/competency AFTER the need for it arises. For example, our hero needs to purchase a horse and race it at break-neck speed to save the day, and it's only after this need arises that we learn how experienced he is in the buying/selling and riding of horses, although up to that point I thought his experiences with horses were limited to those pulling their wagons.  To me, this is kind of like playing D&D, rolling a 12, and then saying triumphantly \\"I needed to roll an 11 or better to not fall off the horse!\\"  This is not the only example of where it happened in the book, but in my mind it happened a few times and it made me feel I had been cheated.     Overall, The Kingkiller Chronicle (considering both The Name of the Wind and A Wise Man's Fear) is not the best fantasy fiction I have ever read, but the two together are probably the best that I've read this year.  I didn't notice the same problems in Book 2 (for the most part) and I have great hope for future publications by this author. If you haven't read it yet, you should.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|This game is super fun. Ive always enjoyed murder mysteries and now I get to solve one myself!! You have to use your observational and problem solving skills....it makes you feel like you are the detective!
0307891372|5.0|I enjoy reading the guide even after I have completed a Quest. Have found a few flaws with the information but not enough to bring down the rating.
B004SB60OC|5.0|Discovered this album while looking for something different to listen to.  Absolutely wonderful first album!  Love the lyrics,  makes you want to sing along.  I like all the songs, can't pick a favorite.  Ms Perri has a strong voice, and does an excellent job on this album.
0446556750|2.0|When I got to the end of this book, I honestly wondered if Mr. Connolly had perhaps met with an unfortunate accident that prevented him from finishing this book.  Unlike some other reviewers, I enjoyed the book right up until the deadend stop.  But my disappointment that there was no actual ending does not allow me to rate this book higher than 2 stars.
B005URRCUY|4.0|This album is SICK! I bet they listen to their own stuff when they are ridin' around in their El Camino!
1416955070|3.0|Did I like it.... I guess. I mean, I read the whole thing... but I read it in 1 1/2 days. So apparently, it wasn't very deep. The characters and plot were pretty predictable (except for the twist at the end between two main characters). I would finish the series if I could get them super cheap or free, but they aren't something I'd pay full price for... either copy or kindle editions. If you want a riveting series, look elsewhere. But if a quick read is what you're after... you may be satisfied with this series.
B004YF6MHW|5.0|This app is very nice.  I use it instead of the camera app that came with the phone.  So many options. Its like a new toy.  I dont know what to play with first.  Well worth the price for the paid version.
B0063IH60K|5.0|works great and burns up my time! Perfect for the kids and myself when we have time somewhere. no problems!
B0058RN85O|5.0|Every episode is funny.  This is a strong series that is only continuing to grow into the 3rd season.  Take the time and enjoy it for the holidays
B001RXB4FY|5.0|The more I listen to this band, the more I fall in love!  I only have one other cd of theirs so far but will be getting them all.  The entire band is fantastic, but Michael Poulsons voice is amazing and is the icing on the cake!
B0052U59F4|5.0|HOLY HOTNESS!! (yes, I used shouty capitals)  I am not sure what I completely expected going into this book, but I definitely didn't expect where it took me.  My emotions ran rampant through the entire book, happiness, fear, giddiness, sadness and more.  ;)    I was totally engrossed in the not-so-normal relationship between the sexy, rich, successful, and tantalizing Christian Grey and the normal, innocent Ana.  The ups and downs of their relationship kept me on the edge of my seat and I received an introductory education on the BDSM lifestyle. *Blush*  Ana's inner dialog with her conscious and her inner goddess, was humorous and one of the reasons I love the book so much.   E. L. James has captured me as a fan with this book and I am eager to start the second!
B005TZFYNE|2.0|Rihanna lately has a tendency to put out albums that combine really upbeat songs that you can dance too with really depressing ballads stuck in between that completely kill your mood.  For instance she follows up \\"Roc You Out\\" and \\"Watch n Learn\\" with \\"Farewell\\" that entirely kills the party mood of most of the tracks on the album.  Rihanna of course couldn't have made an album without a generic rapper thrown into the mix. So she featured Jay-Z on the title track which of course includes \\"ingenious\\" lines about how women want to **** him in every city he visits and how he can travel anywhere to get anything he wants like Pizza in Pisa and Reefa in Jamaica.  On the LOUD album this pointless mix of sexy songs mixed with melancholic ballads was okay. Now it is just plain annoying.  This album also kind of reminds me of Rated R, the difference though is that the general theme was dark with dark melodies and loud guitars with a small dash of party(Rude Boy!!!). That worked because the album's theme still shined through.  To conclude I'd like to say that Talk that Talk is nothing more than a cheap thrill. It's definitely not worth your money.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I downloaded this book for my Kindle then got distracted by other books and there it sat.  What a shame, because this book does not deserve a back seat to anything!  Once I finally came to my senses and picked it up, I literally couldn't put it down.  Seriously.  I flat out neglected my family for a whole day while I read this book.  (My husband was there to pick up the slack for me, so no children were actually neglected during this time. *whew* Child services call diverted.)  A real-life Travis Maddox would have me appalled and discusted, mostly in his actions toward the women he slept with.  But there is something in the way that Jaime McGuire wrote this character that opened up a soft spot in my heart for him.  Don't get me wrong, there were many times in the course of the book that I felt he needed a good slap upside the head, but as I got to know him better, I got to see the caring man that he is, albeit maybe a little possesive.  The roller coaster of emotions I experienced throughout this book is unbelievable!  I smiled, I laughed, I cried - right along with the characters.  It truly touched me.  I think the only complaint that I can make about this book is that it ruined any book for me for some time after.  I kept comparing them to Beautiful Disaster and they just didn't measure up.  Seriously.  Read this book.  You won't be disappointed - until it is over anyway, then you will want to read it all over again because nothing else will compare.
B000AGTPUK|2.0|Everyone in my family loves the \\"Polar Express\\" book, but when we saw the movie, we were just disappointed.  For one thing, they did the story all wrong.  The book never mentions some creepy hobo who rides the top of the train.  That character is just too scary for young kids and doesn't fit the story.  And one of the main themes mentioned is \\"seeing is believing.\\"  That cynical message does not belong in a magical film like the Polar Express!  I also must say something of the animation.  When this film came out, everyone was excited because it had 3D animation!  Whoopdedoo!  Because 3D animation was so new, everyone was willing to overlook the fact that it made the kids in this movie look like martians.  Nothing looks realistic: the facial expressions, the way the wind doesn't ruffle their hair, the way their mouths move, e.t.c.  Besides all this, the songs are just ultra-cheese and made me laugh out loud, and the MC does stupid things like almost getting killed just to save a train ticket.  And was the nerdy, so-obnoxious-you-want-to-turn-off-the-movie character really necessary?  Maybe he was meant to add humor, but he's just annoying.  All this being said, I really wanted to like this movie because I love the book.  And I'll admit, some of the scenes are pretty magical.  And who doesn't love a movie about Santa and Christmastown and Elves?  But this movie had too much stupid dialogue, cheesy songs, and lousy animation on the people characters to be enjoyable.  Along with the unwelcome of the creepy hobo and the nerdy kid (who has a voice like nails on a chalkboard) and a few not-so-relevant messages, this movie is one you can miss.  I only gave it two stars because its entertaining and fun to mock.
B006C1DH92|5.0|I played the original Fruit Ninja on iTouch and didn't get in to it at all. When I saw it was FAOTD I had to try it on the tablet.<br />The addition of the Puss in Boots character is amusing. This is a game of repetition, but much easier to succeed and gain a little skill on the larger screen.<br />Good time waster. Worth the download. I'd pay for it, but glad I grabbed it while it was free.
B006C1DH92|5.0|I liked the first Fruit Ninja.....this one is much better! Smooth graphics (very good HD feel as well)...Nice commentary from PiB! This actually seems more 'clear' compared to the original.
B005HSG3VK|3.0|this is good protection for your Kindle. When you spend that much, you need a cushion if dropped and this provides it. However, the \\"stand\\" part doesn't work well for me. I've tried and tried but if bumped, it slides right down.
0446618322|5.0|This book was such an amazing storyline...   I cried more than i ever expected.   It was BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN and loved every page of it.   If you're looking for a love story that you cannot get enough of- this is the one.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I loved the first book, thought the second was good but was very disappointed in MockingJay. Katniss seems like she whines alot and talks about the samething over and over again. I had to finish it because I wanted to know what happened to end the series but I was honestly bored with the progession of the story and repetition by a quarter of the way into the book...it was hard to finish.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to use and understand, recommend to friends, fun app, graphics are good, great way to pass the time, and it is free
B005OCFGTO|3.0|Just watching the Sorcerers Stone, enjoyable except i missed the widescreen product description prior to purchase. Not my favourite format, even at half price i probably would have not ordered the set as a result.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Endless fun. Runs very smooth on my Evo Shift, although I imagine a phone with more screen real estate would make better use of this game. Continues to provide a challenge.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|THis product is okay.  It is better than some of the other ones I looked at.  It is a bit cumbersome to use.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|This app provides a very easy interface for using various \\"filters\\" on your phone's camera. It runs very smooth on my Evo Shift.  My only gripe, is that there is no \\"standard\\" filter. So if you would like to take a normal photo, you need to exit the app and use your stock app.
B005FISBTO|3.0|Season 6 was off to a roaring start and a slithering delicious time.  Some very unique plot twists.  I particularly loved the duality of the DK and the eventual revelation of his true identity.  Still there were some plot turns left hanging (the delivery of Lewis' present to Dexter), which is not unusual for this show as it seems to make a habit of occasionally taking the viewer down a dead end story line (why was Quinn being investigated by IAD in Season 3?).  Loved seeing Rudy, aka Brian Moser, back in town!  The conclusion, however, was a huge disappointment.  I am sooooooo sick and tired of all the Harrison crap -- that stupid brat should have been crucified by DK, a la Russell Crowe's son in Gladiator.  One satisfying bonus -- Debra kept her pants on for most of the season -- no small feat -- she \\"undressed\\" her mind and emotions instead.  Hope I didn't give away any of the plot to those sensitive souls who read reviews first and watch the show second or never.
B004JZBGWI|1.0|horrible takes too much effort to make a note, I'd rather do it by hand at that point. I hate this app
B004U52VPS|3.0|I just want to say I think it is totally criminal that Amazon was selling this toy for $34 before Christmas and now it is $16.  I bought it at a local grocery store for $18 before Christmas.  It was buy any two games, get one free--an even better deal.  I understand economics supply and demand, but I also believe in ethics as well.  It's just disgusting how merchants take advantage of people.  This makes me lose faith in this company--AMAZON.
0307959856|1.0|I really wanted to like this book. I really did. But it was an impossible job. The only resemblance the characters, almost all lifted from Jane Austen novels, bear to the originals is their names. They're wooden, without nuance, without personality, without identity. They don't change - they start as stick figures, and they end as stick figures, with no blood in them. (Unless, of course, you're the murder victim.) The plot is flimsy, and the climax requires an unbelievable deus ex machina (who, fittingly, I suppose, comes out of nowhere) to pop up and clear up the mystery. Don't waste your money.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|This is a pretty simple &amp; fun little game. There comes a point where you get to a certain level where it's really easy to earn coins &amp; then you can just buy everything in the store to help you complete the rest of the levels, so it's not a challenging game by any means. Fun nonetheless.<br /><br />It could use an update, though. I don't really play it anymore after bearing everything. It needs new levels, new fish, new items, etc.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I love Kelly Clarkson!  Her voice is amazing and she is great-looking!  I remember first seeing her on the first season of \\"American Idol\\" performing with Justin Guarini.  I knew she had potential and wow after AI has she taken off!  I like her albums better than Mariah or Whitney combined but that's probably because I'm younger than some of the reviewers who hate this album (29).  The title track \\"Stronger\\" is good and so is the hit single \\"Mr. Know It All.\\"  I do like Adelle but I still think Kelly is better.  Some of the songs sound retro-ish.  I'm listening to it as we speak.  After the great album \\"All I Ever Wanted\\" released a few years ago I never thought she'd beat that but she did.  I havent listened to this album enough all the way through for more track recommendations but it's (like I said earlier) great all the way through!  I got this on Christmas day and it's my favorite present this year.  Hope everyone had a great holiday and have a great New Year. :)<br /><br />- Eric S.
B001PPLIFU|1.0|Well, apart from Daniel Craig (ridiculous as Bond) the movie itself lacks the charm and class of Bond movies from Connery to Brosnan. I don't care what the original original intention of the Bond inventor was. Craig's predecessors created a character over decades. Some played him tougher, some with more irony, some with less. But Bond always had class, a sense of humor and charm - everything neither Craig nor the Craig-Bond scripts have. Just speed, pure action and graphic violence might be enough to make a good action movie, but it's not enough to make a good Bond movie, it's rather the contrary. There is simply no need to reinvent the Bond character, just as there is no need to reinvent Sherlock Holmes, Charlie Chan, Superman, Laurel and Hardy or any other classic character. Period.
B006C1DH92|5.0|it is working great on my kindle fire.its fun and it has awesome new blades you have to too buy this game
0316056863|4.0|This autobiography by comedienne Tina Fey (SNL, 30 Rock, Sarah Palin doppelganger) at times seemed randomly put together but for the most part follows the timeline of Tina's life, the majority dealing with her professional life as a writer and an actress. It's pretty short (288 pages with big type), but that's one of only a few complaints that I had. And maybe it's not even a real complaint to wish the book were longer.  I love Tina Fey and found this book laugh-out-loud funny, so much so that I'm sure my husband is glad that I've finished the book and quit reading passages out loud to him.  Good chunks of the book though seemed written almost directly for people in the entertainment industry, and I found myself a little bored in spots.  I would like to emphasize \\"a little\\" though, because for the most part, I really enjoyed the book and didn't want to put it down.   If you like 30 Rock and/or somewhat bizarre humor, you'll like this book.
B005O30Y5Y|1.0|I purchased this blu-ray specifically because it came with a digital copy.  I did not know what ultraviolet meant, but I figured a digital copy is a digital copy, right?  WRONG!  Do NOT purchase this product!  Ultraviolet only gives you the right to stream the movie from a website for a few years.  Then your copy expires, and you no longer have any digital copy at all!  Furthermore, I want a digital copy that I can download onto my iPod and watch when I am in locations with no internet.  Ultraviolet MUST be streamed, which means you MUST have internet, which just defeated the purpose of purchasing a digital copy.  DO NOT BUY ULTRAVIOLET!!
B001DJLCRC|5.0|If you like Sopranos, Deadwood, Wire and other dramas with great character development, building suspense and great actors/writing.  The first episode of season 1 is one of the best episodes I've seen.
B0009U7LN0|1.0|The movie was only 3/4 of the way burned to the disc.  I know it's a good movie since I have seen it on DVD before but this vendor did a poor job in description.  Who wants 3/4 of a movie?
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|I want to download this app but whenever I try it says an error has occurred.So I'm going to be Angry Birdless. :(
B0013D8LCW|4.0|We really enjoyed this film!  It's a feasible \\"coming out\\" movie that involves the girlfriend, best friend, sister and nephew.  I would hope that, in real life, everyone would be as understanding and accepting as they were in the film.  But I know this is rarely the case.  It takes place in the Los Angeles/Orange County area, which is where we live.  So seeing familiar landmarks was also pleasing to us.  Plus, it's a surf movie. So if you're into surfing and happen to be gay then this is definitely your movie!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I got this app the first day I got my kindle fire. It rocks. Sure, some of them are not easy (birdday cake 2, the big setup part 2, etc.) but I will never delete this app. Great time killer.
B0063GORYU|3.0|I love spider solitaire. I do wish this game would play without the adds but they aren't too bad. I do get irritated when the cards play beside where I want them to play and it costs me a move to replay the cards where I'm pretty sure I had them placed originally. Overall, I'm giving it a 3 out of 5.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Ok so I am here to complain that I cant use my fire because my parents don't want me putting in a credit card number even if I have giftcards. That is ridiculous help me fight Amazon by contacting customer service or email me. Ask for my email through comments.
B004A8ZWXS|4.0|Most of us have read about dogs that after a distant separation from their human families, find their way back home.  There are also cinematic versions.  I recall \\"Homeward Bound: An Incredible Journey\\", and a Lassie film from the 1940's and I think Rin-Tin-Tin; but that might have been TV.  In any case, director Steven Spielberg ups the ante, this time with a horse named Joey.<br /><br />An English farmer, out of spite for his landlord (David Thewlis), buys a young horse at an auction.  He needed a larger horse for purposes of plowing but was a wee bit tipsy at the time.  The son, Albert (Jeremy Irvine) raises the horse that is unusually smart, strong and sociable.  Eventually, in need of cash, the father (Peter Mullan) sells the horse to a young army officer (Tom Hiddleston) at the dawn of World War I.  Spielberg then sets events in motion that follow Joey and his fellow horses through numerous battles, arduous labor, escapes and engagements with English and German armies and French farmers.  Aided by longtime partner, cinematographer Janusz Kaminski, Spielberg paints a beautiful portrait of landscapes, sunrises and sunsets.<br /><br />The film does stretch believability at times.  Would a horse volunteer for duty to pull a canon up a hill in place of a fellow horse?  It also would have made more sense to have Germans speak German and French speak French but I guess subtitles over even small sections of film would scare off some audiences.  This is old fashion movie making and even with some bleak battle scenes and animal mistreatment, will attract families.  Sure it's sentimental and even cheesy at times, but it has a strong moral foundation and it ultimately uplifting.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|I have always loved this movie and owning it on DVD, where the colors just pop, is a real treat for me.  I still love evil Scar and laugh at the hyena (Whoopi).
B004HO6I4M|5.0|My 3 year old loves this movie. It is sweet and innocent and has lots of catchy music. Wonderful family friendly movie!
B005IZLPKQ|4.0|I really liked the action and the way the actor was able to metamorphose physically, but kept his same sweet persona.  Didn't care for the ending bc I wanted him to go on his date.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game! ihave it for the kindle fire as well as for the ipod touch. I love that it has an option of left handed or right handed too. great app and great way to waste long period of time!!!
B003DZX3SA|5.0|Bought for my sister as a gift.  She always tries to take mine when visiting.  This is a true Disney classic for me--although I could do away with the show the dishes/silverware put on  I would recommend this for anytime and any age.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|excellent multi-platform note collector. only wish is that it had more advanced task management. that would make it the only product I need.
B0063IH60K|5.0|can't beat as a time waster.  Like all the card design options. Just like version on your PC plus more setting options.
B005OCFGTO|4.0|The product was as advertised. I wish they had incuded an appendices similar to the the ome included with the Lord Of The Rings. But it was otherwise fine.
0811879542|5.0|I bought this for my 18mo niece.  She absolutely loved it.  I must admit, even I was very entertained by the book.  It's interactive and fun.
B004RSCWZ2|4.0|A very solid album. Worth putting in your collection. It reminded me of what Bonnie Raitt used to be. All the songs are pretty solid. The band is great.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|I can't help myself.  Pure fun from beginning to end, I can't even explain why I am attracted to it.  It's plain weird. Great movie when you need to simply unplug from everything for awhile.
B0034G4OWM|5.0|This is a great movie to watch together as a family.  It's silly and keeps the whole crew laughing.  And it's one you can watch multiple times, making it a good movie to purchase.
B0063IH60K|3.0|I got this so-called free app and when my bill came around from T-Mobile I found a charge of $6.99 for it from Mobi ware so beware! T-Mobile took it off my bill , so we shall see what happens from here . The game was fun and the graphics are good I enjoy it. Would have given it more stars if I hadn't got a bill .
B0015GDVTU|5.0|This is definitely a chick flick which I'm not into most of the time but I love this movie and got it for a great price on Amazon.
B0019N94X6|5.0|This item is super awesome. The movie is great, the Steelbook is one of the best Steelbook offered in the U.S. and the price of this item is $12. What else can you ask for? Grab this when you can, and you will be satisfied!
B004LWZW4W|5.0|Got this movies for us. It arrived the day it came out which was great and the movie was good. Great deal for it being blu-ray and having 2 discs. Would definitely buy again!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is good and fun for all ages and all can play all my kids love it and so do i
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|The case fits very well onto the kindle, so that made me feel good! the only thing i would advise is that when you turn to use the stand part, it doesn't completely \\"snap\\" or \\"click\\" into place.. it is kind of flimsy. other than that, GREAT buy!
B003Y5H5AG|5.0|My kids love this movie and while I haven't taken the time to watch it yet I am satisfied as long as the kids love it!
B004LWZW7O|2.0|The potential for this movie was really good given that the concept is really original, but there are far too many holes in the story and sub-par acting that make it bad. You'll find yourself wanting way more than what this movie gives you. Kind of a shame given the fact that Justin Timberlake had an opportunity to be in a David Fincher movie (Social Network) and did well. It's a one-timer at best.
B001HN6922|5.0|My 2 year old loves this movie and wants to watch it all the time. Lightning McQueen is his favorite. He even has some of the lines memorized. Would definitely recommend and is great to take in the car for long rides!
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Excellent gameplay and storyline. And best of all its free. I'm big into detective stories and this take doesn't disappoint.
B004EPYZQC|5.0|My husband and I both liked it. Pretty good movie with lots of action. I got it for a good price on Amazon.
B002JVWR4K|5.0|Blu-Ray offers excellent picture, good quality HD, and packed with bonus features. I was able to get the box set for an extremely reasonable price (cheap in fact), and it was shipped to me in record time. Only took 3 days when it was anticipated to take 7-10 business days!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have this on kindle fire, iphone 5  and macbook pro.  its a great application and I use it several times a week for school, cooking, and organizations I'm a part of so I can always have my committee reports on hand.
B005GT3XGS|5.0|Blu-Ray offers excellent picture, good quality HD, and packed with bonus features. I was able to get the box set for an extremely reasonable price (cheap in fact), and it was shipped to me in record time. Only took 3 days when it was anticipated to take 7-10 business days!
B0009P5YXO|5.0|This sonic screwdriver is a fun toy because it can be used as a light, a pen and an invisible pen.  I wanted it for my daughter because she is hooked on Dr. Who and really enjoys the show. This is a fun toy!
B006FTCH2E|3.0|I can't say that this movie is outstanding, but it is entertaining and worth a watch if you're wanting something different. I wish I hadn't read as much about the film's plot before jumping in. It would've been better without knowing the ins and outs first.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|I waited for this movie to come out on Bluray before watching it. I was afraid it was going to be cheesy and un-entertaining. Was I ever wrong. This is a fantastic movie and a great addition to the slew of hero movies that have been released in the past few years.<br /><br />Captain America is action packed, suspenseful, and even humorous without being too over the top. Even if you are not a fan of the superhero movies, you may like this one. My wife sure did and she is a hard sale.<br /><br />Rent it or buy it. You will not regret it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Really good app to spend some time with, I highly recommend it. There are many playing options, you can choose deck, table, left- or right-handed modes, really cool overall
B005K17RU0|5.0|The app is easy to use and set up with your home city.  Once its set on the fire it keeps a constant notice in the top left of the fire which makes it convenient for checking the weather without having to hunt for it in the carosel or add it to the favorites.  No reason to pay for a weather app when you can get this great one for free.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|the app runs okay for a couple of minutes, then freezes completely. I did not have this issue on my old gingerbread phone. pvz needs to be updated to support ics.
B00511PTWM|3.0|1. This is a good product with swivel neck to facilitate position the power plugs being inserted away from other items, a good idea. It works well but:  2. This adapter tries to come out itself slightly thus disconnecting supply.  3. The plugs inserted into the two ports also tend to slide out disconnecting supply.  4. Though this happens at times but is annoying.Needs design improvement.
B004A8ZX28|5.0|Haven't had time to watch the movie yet -- but the product arrived in a timely fashion and the condition as promised.
0545128285|4.0|This was a gift to my wife.  She loved the Harry Potter collection.  This was one she didn't have Merry Christmas Honey.
B0019GO596|5.0|The item I delivered was delivered timely -- even during the Christmas rush, and the condition as promised.  This is a great movie that my daughter wanted to see after having viewed the remake.  Brought back a lot of memories for me!
B006C1DH92|5.0|nice to see a new release of fruit ninja. cute theme to add puss in boots. the cats cute. works great on the droid2.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|The product was received in the condition promised and in a timely fashion.  Movie is good and thought provoking & had some of my favorite actors in it!
B005ZUR724|1.0|Well sad to say this app is no longer in amazon app store.  I guess this means an update isn't going to happen now either.  I hope you choke on my 99cents.
B000A7DVR2|1.0|I decided to give this movie a try based on the good Reviews. I did not actually read the reviews as I was trying to avoid any spoilers. But Just based on the 4.5 stars rating it seemed like a good movie to enjoy on the holidays. I found most of the characters to be annoying and not funny at all. Most of the conversations were stupid, boring and  filled with profanity. Now Don't get me wrong, I can stand a movie where characters drop the F word here and there but I can't really think of any conversation where the F word was not present multiple times. If you are one of those people who get really excited by hearing people curse at each other then this is the movie for you. If profanity = funny to you then watch this movie. I will admit there were some funny parts but most of the movie was garbage and the ending was really bad. I think this is one of those movies where you either love it or hate it in most cases, but in my case I will just say that I did not care for this movie. It's not a movie I will remember or even buy ( I tend to rent movies and then buy the ones I love), I don't think I hate this movie either. I would just classify it as one of those movies you watch once and then forget about it. I won't recommend you not to watch it as we are all different and we tend to like different movies. I will just tell you to rent it before you decide to buy it. Better be safe than sorry.
B002SSUQFG|1.0|I bought it thru Amazon.com via Amazon, at first it was awesome, extremely accurate and the nylon band was OK to wear(expect chemical smell).  Watch movement is from Malaysia, not Japan.   The instrution was a sheet of copy of a copy standard paper and the instructions had typos and are not with accurate grammar.  I wear it with everyday, from out of bed to home after work. Power reserve is good to about 12 hours.  HOWEVER, 2 weeks after normal usage the watch suddenly goes FASTER by 5 minutes every 10 hours or so, the inside of the case(obverse) started to collect dust.   I took care of it since I first opened the Amazon box at home. Never dropped or soaked completely in water.   Amazon return was superb, I was promised no hassle no fee return last week, which I have yet to receive, and hopefully soon.
B004EPYZXK|4.0|\\"Okay pack your space bags and moon rocks we're going to film blair witch project...ON THE MOON\\"-->Studio Exec  \\"But um we don't have enough freeze dried peas and carrots\\"-->Studio President  \\"Don't worry we got alien space rock crabs that infect people and sexy stock footage...20% new footage\\"-->Studio Exec  \\"Yeah yeah yeah lets crank this out and have it on dvd for Christmas with several conflicting and awful endings and deleted scenes that talk about russians\\"-->Studio Pres.  \\"Done and done...we're gonna be rich!\\"-->Studio Exec  This is a hilarious b movie complete with everything stated above except the rich part (the movie was cheap but it didn't make that much moolahta).  Definitely worth a rental but be sure to check your moon rocks for radio interference, the ability to become a pseudo transformer and combine to become a bigger rock, and a generally bad attitude.
0307891402|5.0|This guide has everything you need to know about the game and also comes with a mao with all of the locations on it. i highly suggest this book
B0063IH60K|4.0|good, just like solitaire has many options for play also like three card draw or to have a winning deal
B005P89F1C|5.0|I got this for my very close friend and she was ecstatic!   It is two discs and one is the soundtrack and the other is the DVD, we haven't watched the DVD yet, but we definitely plan too!  I really like the songs too.
B006AZZPCM|1.0|I downloaded this app on my kindle fire and as soon as I opened it I got a notification from my kindle that said it was a virus and that of I didn't delete my kindle would be at risk. DONT DOWNLOAD!!!!!!
0756405890|5.0|I read a lot of sci fi fantasy type of books and I have to say I've really enjoyed this book.  I just finished the last book published in the \\"Game of Thrones\\" series and have to say this book is a breath of fresh air to read.  Where Game of Thrones is complex both in scope and characters you have to recall, Name of the Wind is simple yet a great story in itself.    I'll be reading book 2 in the series this week and looking forward to the final book to be published.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|\\"Ceremonials\\" by Florence + the Machine is definitely one of the best albums of 2011. Florence Welch and that stunning, out-of-this-world voice of hers finally won me over when I heard \\"No Light, No Light\\" on the radio. It's hard to believe how that song makes me feel so many complexed emotions, and goes through so many different layers. Starts off real quiet and hits you right in the gut once the chorus kicks in...amazing! I knew I just had to buy \\"Ceremonials\\", and her debut album \\"Lungs\\" and I'm so glad I did! The deluxe edition is worth every penny! There is not one bad song on this album, every track is full of passion, longing, guilt, and there are even songs about death. \\"Leave My Body\\" is about wanting to die but the music and lyrics are so sexy and hypnotic, you don't know whether to cry or to smile? \\"Seven Devils\\" is a haunting song and I have to admit, parts of it scare me! That's what is so special about \\"Ceremonials\\" - Florence pulls you in, you believe every word she sings. The best track by far is the opener, \\"Only If For A Night\\". Musically, it's one of the most provocative songs I've heard all year! \\"Spectrum\\", \\"Heartlines\\", \\"Bedroom Hymns\\", and \\"Breaking Down\\" are standouts as well but like I said, every song is a gem! I highly recommend this album and white girl got some soul on \\"Lover to Lover\\". You have to hear it to believe it...enjoy!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I prefer the game of four suits.  Seldom do I win, but I like to be made to think.  .......
0307888681|1.0|The interview style kinda killed it for me. I had just gotten done reading Jonathan Mayberry's \\"Rot and Ruin\\" and \\"Dust and Decay\\" as well as \\"Patient Zero\\" and the sequels to it hoping for something similar, action, bad ass people fighting to survive with a real world attitude and even compassion. This book made me fall asleep. I guess being a zombie fanatic and watching every zombie related movie, i was expecting more. I will watch the movie when it comes out bc i feel as though putting faces and zombies to each story will make for an interesting movie but READING different ppl's interviews throughout a book is just boring, it doesnt have a REAL story line only different people's accts of when it started.
B004GYY714|5.0|This app makes finding radio stations nearby easy!! I like the quick and easy way it's made and they don't try to sell me anything. It's great :). One thing I don't like is that it doesn't work without wi-fi.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|I received the package promptly after placing my order. Everything was in great condition. I would order from this person again.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|then are in the free app-why buy the full- waste of a dollar get the free app. halfbrick should actually look at these reviews
B004GUSG4M|5.0|This book should be made into a movie. I bought it based on the description. It was incredible. It is 500 something pages and I finished it in 6 days. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this app.. world great ... it has easy games as well, I like bring able to win sometimes ....
B005VR9328|5.0|When the Philadelphia hip hop band The Roots ended their ten years under Geffen and MCA, they moved to Def Jam Recordings for the next stage in their career. While they had the loyal fanbase and critical acclaim, their music started to take on a much darker tone under their new label. They released their first Def Jam album \\"Game Theory\\"- an album that was very stripped down as opposed to their earlier records. Then came the equally dark follow-up, the largely political nature of \\"Rising Down\\". In 2010, they released their third Def Jam effort, the moody \\"How I Got Over\\"- with its straight to the point themes and who's who appearances in the most lauded names in indie rock. The following year, The Roots bring in their most accomplished effort- the death centered \\"Undun\\". The album focuses on the life and eventual death of the fictional character Redford Stephens (1974-1999), a young man who succumbs primarily due to the choices he made in his life. The album tells his story in reverse starting with his untimely demise and ending with his bad choices.<br /><br />The album opens up with the brief instrumental \\"Dun\\", which leads into the first song \\"Sleep\\". They get help from a few high profile appearances: fellow Soulquarian member Bilal Oliver on \\"The OtherSide\\", Mississippi rapper Big K.R.I.T. on the first single \\"Make My\\" and Phonte- who previously appeared twice on \\"How I Got Over\\"- on the piano driven \\"One Time\\". On the track \\"Kool On\\"- The Roots get assistance from the production team Sean C. & L.V. (Best known for their work on Jay-Z's \\"American Gangster\\"). Longtime Roots affiliate Dice Raw- who sings the hooks on a few songs on the album- actually gets to rap on the synth heavy \\"Lighthouse\\" as well as the track \\"Tip The Scale\\". The album closes out with a four minute orchestral piece called \\"Redford Suite\\" which is split up into four movements. As always, The Roots have made quality material and \\"Undun\\" is no different in that regard. While it is the shortest album in their catalog, it's also their most ambitious record yet- even more ambitious than 2002's \\"Phrenology\\". Anyone who thought being the house band on a late night show would soften their sound will have a change of heart when hearing \\"Undun\\" for the first time.their catalog, it's also their most ambitious record yet- even more ambitious than 2002's \\"Phrenology\\". Anyone who thought being the house band on a late night show would soften their sound will have a change of heart when hearing \\"Undun\\" for the first time.
B000Q7ZO8U|5.0|This is a great movie! It is a movie for all ages young and old! I reccommend this to everyone to watch. I'm very pleased with my purchase! It makes me want to believe!
B002WY65VU|4.0|We just finished watching Zombieland for the first time, after my son told me I had to watch it because it was soooo funny. My daughter says it's one of her favorite shows. Okay, so I agreed to watch it. There were moments in which I admit I chuckled. With so many zombie movies, zombie books, and so much recent zombie humor, this takes all those stereotypical zombie things and puts them together into one movie. It's not cheesy, but it really is corny. The rules were kind of cute too, something I'll definitely keep in mind for my future, just in case the zombie apocalypse ever does happen.<br /><br />I hope Tallahassee enjoys his Twinkies. He deserves them for his performance in this movie.<br /><br />If you're wanting just a stupid movie that's a bit silly and sappy, then watch this one. It's not meant to be serious, so don't take it that way and just enjoy the little things.<br /><br />Oh, and one last thing: If you like Bill Murray, he pokes a little fun at himself in this movie, and that was kinda funny to watch too!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Classic game play with plenty of options tot any way you play (1 card at a time or 3 cars at a TIME).
0307891372|4.0|This guide is great! It's not excellent but the content contained does help and answer some elementary questions that you may have about basic things like weapon enchanting and alchemy lab using. It has decent information and it's worth picking up a copy, overall I'm pleased!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Product was exactly as described.  Much lower price than other places I checked.  I will be happy to purchase from Amazon again.
B00486UF8Y|5.0|This classic has not lost its power over time.  This book has had a huge influence on my life over the last 40 years.  Worth the read.
B00689J512|5.0|Yes, it is a very sexed album, but I love the creative beats. The album has more of a Europop influence than American pop and most of the songs are definately not R&B. However, I haven't found any tracks to skip over. It's a damn good album, her best by far in my opinion. You can also finally hear the range of her voice. So sorry for the people who find this album boring. Open note to Rihanna.  Quit with the shocking videos.  Your artistry comes through on your music.
097747609X|5.0|my husband has been a history nut all his life and strives to learn all aspects views regarding all historical events and  loves the book and it goes in with his WWII collection.
B00004YA0T|5.0|these recordings are revered among bruckner afficandos; they deserve the approbation - good sound, great and distintive musicianship by the staatskapelle, and jochum's genius.....without doubt, the best base set of the symphonies.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty addictive, I'm determined to beat the whole game! the perfect way to kill time, games are challenging but don't require too much concentration...
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is a very nice game.  I really like to play this game.  I like the random or winning deal option .
B0063IH60K|5.0|There are no complaints here.  this app is very easy to use and has all the options in regular solitaire. I love it.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have accuwesther on all my devices . I also get a daily forecast via email daily. This is a weather forecast you can trust.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love to unlock games this is so fun the definition is a little bad but I still love it :) love it totally get it ;p
B0063IH60K|4.0|Easy to use, smooth playing,  fun and fast, haven't seen any bugs yet.. plays just like the original Solitaire, very addicting!
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|Beautiful Christmas and Christian songs :) You'll find Andrea Bocelli singing along with The Muppets, Natalie Cole, Mormon Choir and much more... Andrea Bocelli and David Foster can really make your Christmas worthwhile :) Join them at this great show!
B0055SWM08|4.0|very well made game with some really soothing music, but I just breezed through the whole thing in about half an hour
1444710338|4.0|Ordered this book and received it quickly.  I have friends who have done this diet and have lost 40 lbs each so far.  A husband and wife doing the diet together.  So I am excited to try after reading the book.  Starting after New Years.  Very exciting !
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love the fact that you get to. have so many games for free. and having to earn them makes this game even better
1400052173|3.0|There is no question that the story of Henrietta Lacks deserves to be told, and I agree with other reviewers that felt the first half of the book was stronger than the second. The author gets bogged down in the surviving family members and the book just kind of wanes.  The questions that the book raises about informed consent and who, if anyone, should profit from human tissue lines are important ones and the story of the HeLa cells and how they impacted the scientific community is quite compelling. The Afterword section of the book is worth reading and was a strong treatise on bioethics. One thing that really bugged me (as I work in the medical field) was some pretty glaring errors by the author on the medical issues of Deborah Lacks including the author's belief that \\"redness and swelling\\" are symptoms of high blood pressure and high blood sugar. This may seem like a petty complaint, but this is a book on medical science and these medical errors cast some doubt on the scientific acumen of the author, her editor, and others who fact-checked the science of the book before publication.
B0050I2PQE|5.0|I have always had a soft spot in my hard rock/metal collection for the Mark IV line up of Deep Purple. Coverdale and Huges I always thought were an excellent fit for the band and created some of the best music that the band had ever done (in MKIII and IV). Tommy Bolin was an excellent player, but as noted by many others, was plagued with health caused by substance use problems. When I learned that this collection was coming out and then saw what it offered when it was promoted on That Metal Show, I knew I had to have it, and put it on my wish list. For the price that it's going for now, it is a steal. The DVD show of Japan is good quality as others have noted, and the CD that comes with it features material from Japan and from Long Beach performances, nicely placed together on this disc. The documentary is informative and I think well done. My favorite part of this set is the 2 books that come with it. One book is of articles and promotional items of and around late mark II, Mark III and Mark IV items. The second is the \\"Getting Tighter\\" The story of MKIV Deep Purple, which tells the story of how it formed, the hype behind, the reality of it, and the demise. Overall and excellent DVD/CD set with good show, great documentary, and excellent packaging. A must have for any purple fan, and fascinating story.
B005LRWRZ8|2.0|Listen, I am a true Megadeth fan.  Not a troll or hater, so my opinion is serious.  I really liked Endgame, United Abominations and The System Has Failed. This album doesn't come anywhere close to any of those. Other than Sudden Death and Never Dead, I don't listen to this album at all anymore. Most songs don't even classify as metal, and some tunes, like Drugs, Guns, and Money are just straight cheese and almost wanna-be arena rock. Nothing stands out on this album other than the 2 aforementioned tunes, and Megadeth's live performances have been terrible as well. HUGE disappointment.
B004INNRFK|4.0|I enjoyed the DVD, but it isn't as good as the first \\"Hit Man\\" DVD. He isn't as humble in this one as he was in the first. Still it's worth buying.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|some of the games are fun and addictive. my kids enjoy it but I worry they will hit an ad and buy something
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I was caught from the start by this beautifully spun tale. It held my attention and I did not want to put it down. I found it to be a quick read, but an very enjoyable one. Parts fantasy, romance, mystery and whimsy.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|The Lion King...just as I rememeber it from my childhood. Only better! Seeing it in 3-D was truly awesome, and it brought back warm fuzzy feelings of when my life was so simple as a child. The colors look amazing in blu-ray and at $20, this was a steal. I am so glad they released an old favorite in a new format! I highly recommend buying from Amazon, a friend bought hers at a store and it was $15 more!
B000071ZZI|1.0|I purchased the Bourne movie and it arrived in fine time however, the DVD case was smashed.  I was very disappointed by this since it was going to be a gift... \\"Merry Christmas, here's a broken present.\\"  I will not be shopping with blowout inc next time.
B004VF68AQ|3.0|If you are a die hard Jane's Addiction fan (like me) then you probably will just have to buy this to keep your collection complete.  But this album is pretty much a waste of time.  On my first time listening to it I couldn't even get through the whole album, I was so bored.  It's not bad music.  It just doesn't sound special in any way.  Pretty generic actually.  I never would have thought I'd write like this about Jane's since they are one of my all time favorite groups, but Strays kind of woke me up that they are not infallible and this latest work just bums me out.  The missing link here is definitely Eric Avery, just like on Strays.  Bottom line, if you are not a collection purist save your money.  This album brings nothing to the table.  I wish I didn't have to write that about Jane's...
B002QQ7SK6|1.0|Geez I cannot rate it lower than 1 star.  That is a shame.  This \\"movie\\" is someone's PowerPoint presentation showing pictures of ancient statuary and pottery.  There is no dialogue.  Some music.  Altogether a waste of time and money.  Returning it for refund.
0307454894|2.0|The Reader is a great idea -- a young man is seduced by an older woman who turns out to have a terrible wartime secret -- but it falls hopelessly flat on the page. Schlink`s language is lifeless (he writes like a professor of law) and it therefore fails to rise from the paper and enthuse the reader. In part this may be the translation, but in part it`s because he keeps telling us he feels numb and can`t understand the significance of what is going on. After the third or fourth time the narrator tells us the events have left him frozen I`m thinking \\"If you can`t be bothered to tell me how you feel, why should I care?\\" There is no drama here, even at the height of the tale, and the narrator -- who is not interesting enough to hold our attention -- keeps leading us down philosophical side roads which turn out to involve lots of words and not much deeper meaning. Schlink can`t make the book work as a thriller and also fails to bring alive the other obvious side of the tale, which is how Germans dealt with (or failed to deal with) the aftermath of the war. Was it an abomination they should be ashamed of, or was it an unfortunate event perpetrated by their parents and other adults, who were still largely running Germany decades after the war? Schlink does touch upon this theme but it strikes me that because he was writing for a German audience, he perhaps felt he didn`t need to spell out the dilemma which would be so familiar for domestic readers. I don`t think it`s any coincidence he went on to write a (turgid) book about Germany and its war guilt.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to play and fun for everyone. Easy &amp; fun for my 7 yr old son, he loves this game.
B004X4RU9I|5.0|If you are a fan of Martial Arts, like myself, then this movie is a must to watch and own!<br />Very, very good Martial Artists, and the movie also has meanings! Loved the fight scene, nothing like those \\"Flying Dragon\\" crap, only pure, real fight scenes, that you can actually learn from!<br />Being an Amazon Prime member, I could watch this movie and the 1st part of it, which just goes by Ip Man for free!<br />Great quality streaming with English subs!<br />Totally loved it, so will you!<br />Go for it gals and guys!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|the best...highly addictive game you will ever get and it is free!!!!!!!!!!!!! I recommend you get this game.  everyone. loves angry birds
B001EN71CW|4.0|Firefly is a fantastic show and just as much fun in 1080p. However, the shipping could've been better. A big chunk out of the case was missing (the bottom portion of the lip where you open the case).
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Love these movies.  Product arrived on time and in good condition.  I have read the books, and have said this about other movies based on books....the books are better.  Better details and the reader can imagine what the characters look like on their own.
B000N3ST8O|5.0|This cd and dvd package will not let you down. I got it mainly for the dvd. It has a collection of Stevie's music videos from the past and includes some that have never been released before. Many of her big fans have already seen them, but in poor quality, so what a treat for either the fan who has never seen them before, or the die-hard fans who have only seen poor audio and visual versions of them. But the part that I totally loved was how Stevie also does a commentary on the videos. It is a lot of fun listening to her go back in time and memory to talk about the making of the videos. She has a great sense of humor and it's fun getting more information about these songs and videos. This dvd disc is well worth the price.<br /><br />BUT - you also get a great cd of some of her most famous songs! As a long time fan, I admit, I didn't really care that much about a greatest hits cd since I have all her albums and cd's, and I make my own mixed tapes and cd's all the time. So I just put this cd in my car. Well, as I started listening to it, I loved it. The order of the songs is really enjoyable. For example, I was never a big fan of the cd version of Sorcerer (after being spoiled by hearing the 70's Fleetwood Mac bootleg of the song). But in the flow of this cd I found myself really enjoying it. It also has some really upbeat songs that tend to always end up on my own homemade mixed cd's, such as I Can't Wait and If Anyone Falls. The live version of Edge of Seventeen with the orchestra is a gorgeously goose-bumpy version! I just love it. It has the Stevie trademark \\"haunting\\" tone to it that just pulls you in. It's an awesome mixed cd full of her classic rockers as well as some of her beautiful ballads.<br /><br />You can't go wrong for the price. An amazing cd mix with a few new versions (such as Edge of 17 and Landslide), and a really fun and entertaining dvd. If you need a blast from the past or just some really great rock and roll, this will hit the spot. You gotta get it!!! :)
B002VWNID6|1.0|This movie appears to be a bootlegged copy...  Didn't have the FBI warning at the beginning.  Also, the picture is very very grainy.  You would be better off recording it from t.v., if you can find it.  Very disappointing.
0439023521|3.0|This series was highly recommended to me by a friend, so I was very excited to read it. The author did a great job at grabbing my attention and not letting me put the book down until it was finished. But I found the plot to be very disturbing. Honest and decent young children are forced to kill other young children while the adults bet who will be the sole survivor? I kept reading until the end because I hoped someone would finally protect these kids, but that never happened. I have a hard time being entertained by such a dark concept as kids killing kids in an Olympic style game. And why did the main character have such a hard time stirring up feelings for the two guys who risked their lives for her? But yet she had no trouble feeling an instant connection to a girl she only knew for a short time. Overall, not a series I will be purchasing for my kids.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I find this app more fun then angry birds. It has fun and challenging puzzles and it is one of my favorite apps of all time. I highly recommend it.
B000063DS1|5.0|This takes me back to my youth in the 70's.  Fantastic, awesome set.  If you grew up in the 70's you will want to own this.  Brings back all the memories of growing up then and the music that came out of that era.  It really is a time to remember.
B004FOA84A|4.0|my 6 year old and I LOVED this game! fantastic graphics and fun story. I would have given 5 stars if we could have continued the adventure!
B002L6I9Z4|3.0|I bought this because it was cute and would be fun to have. However, it takes awfully dark indoor pictures and the flash washes everything out. It's basically useless. I'll have to test it outside in daylight I guess..
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game is really fun when you're bored and have nothing better to do. I get very addicted to it and have to keep playing until I win.
0307408833|2.0|This book is lovely to look at, but the recipes I have tried are a huge disappointment.  I have not been to the bakery in NYC, but if there are lines out the door to buy their products, they must be VERY different from what this book allows a home baker to do!  I grew up baking (not gluten- or anything else- free) and have some degree of comfort with following recipes.  In the past year I have begun eating gluten- and dairy-free (as well as low glycemic index) in order to be healthier and feel better, though I do not have any actual allergies to any of these things.  But since I don't have a problem eating eggs, I have also bought other cookbooks that are not completely vegan but which satisfy the criteria I listed above.  If you can eat eggs, I highly recommend Kelly E. Keough's \\"Sugar Free, Gluten Free Baking and Desserts\\"; the recipes I have tried from this book have all been a huge success and have even \\"fooled\\" non-gluten-free friends and family.  However, back to the Babycakes book.  I tried the gingerbread recipe, the lemon-poppy teacake, and the vanilla frosting/vanilla sauce recipes.  The cakes both rose in the oven initially, then fell down, needed more time in the oven and finally I had to take them out when the outside was on the verge of burning - BUT the inside was almost completely RAW!  Seriously disappointing since when licking the bowls (yes, I do this!) the batter tasted really yummy.  I am not exactly tripping over myself to try another one of these cake recipes.  But the vanilla frosting was even worse, if possible.  Actually it tasted completely disgusting.  I tried tinkering with it, substituting Earth Balance for the coconut oil and adding more stevia, and this made it a little better.  If I can find some rice milk powder I might try tinkering with it some more.  Generally though, this book is not worth buying.  Sorry.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|ive just started playing but so far, so good. I like the idea of &quot;earning&quot; new games. it gives you something to continuously work for.  looking forward to playing more?
B005HET90Q|5.0|I really enjoyed this episode. Commander Data is one of my favorite Star Trek characters, and my favorite on Star Trek: The Next Generation.  This episode will give you a unique glimpse of 24 hours onboard the USS Enterprise from Data's view.
B005ORVMCY|5.0|I took what I was playing at home on my cd and matched them to the Sectors. WOW what a difference. I dont understand what everyone is complaning about... I just wish there was sectors 4 and 5. The packaging is really cool and I like the books.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|My wife and I are not star wars fanatics. We hadn't even seen episodes 1-3. So we started from episode 1 and found ourselves wanting to watch them straight through. My wife wanted to put the Blu rays in back to back. I have watched episodes 4-6 on VHS when I was little, for people to say that they are better than Blu ray copies are insane. Ok so there were minor changes, I didn't notice, but like I said we are not fanatics. The video and audio is incredible on this set. Great rainy day movies, we watched them all day back to back and didn't get tired. We are definitely star wars fans now and will watch the saga over again many more times. I highly recommend these films to anyone who has not seen star wars or has seen it 100 times. For all the bad reviews about changes and no original copies, you probably already have the originals on VHS, so get the Blu ray versions and quit living in the past. The changes are so small, people who've seen star wars once or twice won't notice.
B005ORVN1Y|5.0|I took what I was playing at home on my cd and matched them to the Sectors. WOW what a difference. The older recordings have a cloudy sound to them but this has a very clear sound to it. I dont understand what everyone is complaning about... I just wish there was sectors 4 and 5. The packaging is really cool and I like the books.   I know that one could say its another way to get into our pockets. Personally I dont care as long as the product is good and this is. I mean really its all a matter of freewill you spend you money on fishing gear I spend it on Rush stuff... Rush in 5.1 WOW too bad they all didnt get the dvd treatment but even besides that just the sound of the cds is worth it.
B001U3Y5XE|5.0|This is a great game for all ages, especially for LEGO fanatics. It's a great way for adults and kids to enjoy LEGO together, because of the graduated difficulty levels. Totally fun and addictive.
B005ORVMT2|5.0|I took what I was playing at home on my cd and matched them to the Sectors. WOW what a difference. The older recordings have a cloudy sound to them but this has a very clear sound to it.  I dont understand what everyone is complaning about... I just wish there was sectors 4 and 5. The packaging is really cool and I like the books.  I know that one could say its another way to get into our pockets. Personally I dont care as long as the product is good and this is. I mean really its all a matter of freewill you spend you money on fishing gear I spend it on Rush stuff... Rush in 5.1 WOW too bad they all didnt get the dvd treatment but even besides that just the sound of the cds is worth it.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|will not work on a pandigital pad! paid. .99 for it after trying free version! junk!  can't get money back either!
B004SBB0LU|5.0|It's enjoyable having cd's of albums I used to have on eight-track.  The first five Queen albums were very good at the time and have aged well.  They're still fresh after all these years.  Each album contains a bonus cd with surprising contents such as live versions of some songs, discarded versions of songs, still good but ones that didn't make it to the album, instrumental versions and in one case a somewhat karaoke version, with music and chorus only.  Very happy to have it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|why pay for solitaire when you can have it free? They did a beautiful job. I only wish I could change the font. But that's the designer in me.
B006O5YHUY|5.0|Wish I could rate the movie 20 stars out of 5 stars. Great acting, great story, loved it. I am not a super huge MMA fan, but this movie is a relationship movie first and an MMA movie second. (But I will definitely appreciate the fights/fighters more now :-)
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover...especially for the price...is an awesome investment for your Kindle Fire.  With the Fire being a little on the heavy side...this cover added basically no additional weight OR bulkiness.  I love it.  The stand up function works just fine and I've had no issues thus far.  I really like the case and with one for each kid...it really helps keep the Fire's protected and hopefully lasting a lot longer than they would without one.  I'm picky...very picky.  So I can say without a doubt, I couldn't be happier with this purchase.
B000V5UDBA|3.0|I'm giving this episode 2.9/5 stars because it's Star Trek, and we meet a new species, learn that there's very advanced and misguided life in the Gamma Quadrant. Plus we learn a Gene Roddenberry lesson about humanity, but not one we haven't been pounded with.  Most of the episode it was just \\"Tosk, I am tosk.\\"  Tosk this, tosk that.  Inconsequential to the Series Story Arc.  We never meet another Tosk again in the series.  Keep on Trekkin!
B005L38QHA|4.0|This mouse has definite eye-appeal.  You see it, and you think \\"how cool is that?\\" then you want to go play World of Warcraft with it!  The lightning bolt design and the slow pulsing WoW logo is like a siren's call!  Then you get your hands on it and, well, that's when things go a little sour.  At least for me they did.  It would be nice if you could 'try before you buy,' because depending on the size of your hand and how ergonomic this mouse feels for you, you will either love it or hate it.  I personally wanted to love it because I have been a citizen of Azeroth since 2004.  Unfortunately, I find the SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse too *wide* for my hand to be comfortable, thus trying to find the mouse button I want means taking my eyes off the game to look for it.  Maybe I just need to give it more time and persevere, since there's definitely a learning curve.  The SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse features 11 programmable mouse buttons, including a very handy pinkie button.  It is a 3200 DPI mouse (can also be set at 400, 800,  and 1600 DPI). The USB cable is 6.5 feet long.  Also included is a color quick start guide, a product catalogue, and a SteelSeries sticker.  The box is made of very heavy cardboard.  The front box cover has a magnetic catch and opens like a book to reveal the mouse in a blister shell.  The box is a very attractive display piece, if you are into that.  The mouse is PC and MAC compatible.  As mentioned, the SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse is seems a short and squat design to me, especially when compared to my current [[ASIN:B0055QZ216 Logitech Optical Gaming Mouse G400 with High-Precision 3600 DPI Optical Engine (910-002277)]] (I have uploaded a comparison photo).  The SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse works fine as a general mouse right out of the box, but to get all the buttons to work and to use this mouse at its full potential, you will needto download the Software Profiler from the SteelSeries website.  There is no CD included in the box; a download is required.  Once installed, the Software Profiler allows you to:  * Create up to 10 different profiles for up to 10 toons, each with custom macros and/or buttons  * Enter your character name and realm for each profile you create.  Note: The software pulls your character picture, level, and class from the WoW Armory so it's right there with your profiler  * Change the glow color, intensity, and pulsation of the palm rest logo.  Note: This has no impact on how the mouse performs, it just looks pretty cool!  * Assign an existing game command (such as \\"open all bags\\") to any or all of the mouse's 11 programmable buttons, or write your own custom macro for multiple functions  * Change the mouse's settings, including scroll speed, double click speed, X and Y sensitivity, and DPI  * Check the box \\"Enable In-Game Settings\\", then from within WoW, open Interface/Mouse and check the box \\"Detect World of Warcraft Gaming Mouse.\\"  Doing so will import your profile into the game.  Overall, the SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse has everything a WoW player could ever need, and puts it (literally) at your fingertips.  If you find it a comfortable fit in your hand, and if you are willing to devote time to learn the programming, then the SteelSeries World of Warcraft Legendary MMO Gaming Mouse might just become your next best friend in Azeroth.
B000V5UDH4|3.0|Dax on Trial, and I'm trying not to sleep in the courtroom.  ZZZ ...oh, did she as a he do it? ... ohh, something about Trills that I kinda already know.  ZZZ  ...  Did Dax really do it?  This episode is not important to the Deep Space Nine Story Arc.  Some of it is a Trill origin story, but the rest is filler.  Not really Sci-Fi, except we learn a little about Trills.  But they could have put all the important stuff in 10 minutes of other episodes.  3.0/5 stars cause it's Jadzia Dax, and she's one hot Trill (Thanks to Actress Terry Farrell).  Keep On Trekkin.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Wonderful Movie.  I bought 6 copies as Christmas gifts  for friends.  They all thought it a great movie.  I am sure you will too.
B000V5ZICY|5.0|I love Q episodes!  Q is one of the most fascinating Entities in the Star Trek universe, and also the most pesky.  This is Q's only appearance on Deep Space Nine.  It takes place between the Next Generation episodes: \\"Q-Pid\\" and \\"True Q.\\"  I'd call it a must see of Season 1.  My favorite part is the way Sisko handles Q.  Which is why I don't think they made another Q episode on DS9 (Q doesn't like Sisko, and knows he's probably protected by the prophet entities).  Anyway, Q, Vash, Station in Danger, Quark is scheming, and everyone's in mortal danger! Watch this one if you even remotely like Trek.  The only con was the fact that they couldn't go bigger with the whole thing.  4.8/5 Stars.  ~Keep On Trekkin'
B0063GORYU|4.0|I play &amp; try different styles of solitaire, but Spider is the one that I always come back to. Its simple to pickup, but has different levels to keep me interested.
B000V5UCZW|4.0|Episode 3 of ST:DS9 is a solid Star Trek Episode that derives from a classic Trek Formula.  There's a good mystery, a little comedy, Character development, and a lesson about humanity.  Plus it's good Sci-Fi and nicely executed.  As a life-long 2nd Generation Trekker, I recommend seeing this episode if you like Star Trek.  Cons: No Space Battles or Trek firsts.  4.0/5 stars.  Keen on Trekkin!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I apsolutly love this game it is so fun all my sisters and I love all the games on here
B000V5W7X2|3.0|Babel is another good science fiction story that unfortunately doesn't have anything to do with the overall series story arc.  But, it's still pretty good sci-fi, once you get past the dreadfully long first half.  I'd watch it again in the future if I had to watch Every ST:DS9 episode (which sometimes happens), but I'd fast forward through the first half.  That said, the second half is great.  It's like your favorite sports team, where the team \\"woke up\\" after halftime to make a good game and win. You forget all about the first half.  There's comedy, Quark!, Explosions, alien viruses, and everybody's life is in danger. But like a good sports game with a dreadful first half, it's not one you'd want to watch all of over and over.  3.3/5 just because of the 2nd half.  Keep On Trekkin!
B004TTZHBK|4.0|I downloaded this app when it was free not even knowing who Jamie was.  Without updates, I cannot recommend this as a paid app at all! Here is why:  First off, the recipes are really good but sometimes the steps are out of sync with what the finished product looks like in the pictures, i.e.: potato slices in picture look grilled but the steps say to cook them in the sauce. I respect Jamie as a professional, but would like the ability to edit the steps to my own preference.  My next biggest complaint is the shopping list. Yea its great to be able to generate a list to take to the store (really one of the biggest reasons for using this over an actual cook book) but the shopping list is unique to the recipe and doesn't combine. UPDATE: OK, I never really scrolled all the way to the bottom of the screen. You can shop by Isle or recipe. If you choose Isle, the ingredients are combined. I've added one more star cause it made shopping a lot easier once I did this.  A minor gripe is the time to make some of these meals...20 minutes is all marketing hype unless you have some assistants ready to prep for you (even then that time is stretching truth). But then again, toasting bread usually takes me around 5 minutes, so maybe someone with more culinary experience could do it in that time. On the plus side, the recipes that I have made are very tasty and are better meals than what most of the restaurants where I live offer!  My last complaint is the rotate issue on tablets. It should have been fixed right away. Try contacting the support team and see how far you get. I've read that the issue is happening on Kindle Fires now, and I've had the same issue on my Nook Color since I originally downloaded the app. Android tablets have been on the market for how long now? I'm just glad I don't have a Galaxy Tab where it won't work at all. Well actually I'd rather have the Galaxy than this app. ;-)  If I hadn't gotten the app for free, I'd be screaming for a refund! Because there are a lot of free apps that take care of technical issues/user recommendations right away. You shouldn't have to wait months (or forever) for basic fixes or updates. I feel this is nothing more than a marketing extension of the Oliver name. But since I did get it for free, I use it in it's crippled capacity since it exposes me to meals that I wouldn't have attempted otherwise.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Loved the concept, loved the characters, loved the writing. This is a great book for a guy or girl. Once I started the book I couldn't put it down.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app for the kindle.is.a.threat thing to have thhen have tons of apps on hour fire I love this app it has.so many great games
B001P9EQH8|3.0|not that much changes its ok i wish i spent more on a better model add a little base to your ipod
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have found it easy to play Solitaire.  The game works well.  I have no complaints.  The easy movements makes it pleasureable to play.
B0055SWM08|4.0|Just bought this app.  it starts out fairly easy and gets progressively harder. Addicting,relaxing and great fun.  I would recommend getting it.
B0054R6BFM|5.0|I stumbled onto this book as a coworker tweeted they'd just finished it. I looked up the book, and intrigued by the reviews, I bought it. After just finishing it, there's not much I can say. Wow - doesn't seem to fit the book and the nature of it's contents.  As a high school teacher of 10 years, this book was at times a very tough read because I know firsthand how cruel and cold high school can be. I see it daily where I work. This book has done a great job of reminding me to be alert and cautious at all times because we as teachers never know when a child is reaching out for help or needs us to see what's going on to try to reach out to them.  This book was an enjoyable read for me as far as the suspense was concerned, but was like a gut punch in every other. I mean that not in a bad way, but in a, \\"this is the reality for some teenagers\\" way.  I think this book would be an excellent book for a book club, English class, or to just be passed around the teacher's lounge at the HS where I work.
888370536X|5.0|It looks really sturdy, and the cover looks very nice. I really think it is a good thing for any musician on the go!
B0060D08JO|5.0|I would be stating the obvious by saying that this movie is beyond incredible. Definitely a good one to watch with family.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is a great game with good graphics. easy to play but still presents a challenge. one of my favorites.
B0063IH60K|5.0|the best fun ever! more fun than on my computer! I like playing on here much better than on my computer; much faster and easier!!
B0015AARJI|1.0|FIRST!!! the package says that a USB cable is included, yet both the controllers we bought neither had a USB cable. Second, the buttons are sticky and the analog sticks are off when it comes to controlling your character. I'm lead to believe that these are \\"refurbished\\" units sold as NEW!
B001EIOOV8|4.0|The Blu Ray itself is great, never seen this movie look or sound so good. The disc is faulty however, it skips at the same place every time. Bummer.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|It was okay. some of the games were a little to challenging, if you ask me. when you have to beat them to get new games, it kinds sucks.
B004LWZWBU|5.0|First of all, I enjoyed the other two reviews, they've got it right on. My wife and I saw this on the big screen and loved it. The matinee we attended only had about 2 other couples in it, which was terribly disappointing. We enjoyed this film and the DVD is already purchased, awaiting arrival on release.  It is refreshing to go to a movie and not have your ears assaulted by too loud music or special effects. This film doesn't need either, it's a good story on it's own. I think anyone that gives it a viewing will say it was worth it.
0060558121|3.0|I read this book for two reasons:<br /><br />1) It won every award known to spec fic, man, and a few transmitted to the past from an alien civilization located in Cygnus-A.<br /><br />2) The guy has nearly a million and a half Twitter followers and is ubiquitous when you mention contemporary fantasy and I need to know why.<br /><br />Quick obligatory summary: Shadow is about to get out of prison when he learns that his wife has died. On the plane trip home, a man, Mr. Wednesday, asks him to work for him. He declines initially and then accepts. He then fights a seven foot Leprechaun, and that's kind of how the book goes from there.<br /><br />I came in with high expectations, and the book got out to a great start. Nice pacing, interesting characters, great dialog, and very mysterious. It kept this feel and these great qualities for about 100 pages, and then the mystery went from intriguing to annoying. The sheer lack of any concrete information started to wear on my nerves. And then the mysteriousness just became overbearing and I nearly quit the book. And then the book became so obvious as to not warrant finishing it. And then the ending fell flat. And then there was a sixty page long epilogue. And then there was a postscript for some reason.<br /><br />Shadow was also a very passive protagonist. He waited for things to happen to him instead of being active. While I find that this strategy can work for short stories, and it worked for the tone of this novel, it was just another thing to grate on my nerves.<br /><br />But, even with all these quibbles, Gaiman is an amazing writer. His prose is evocative and stylish. His dialog is amazing. He foreshadows incredibly well (maybe too well and that's the reason it became obvious).<br /><br />If you're a fan of fantasy in a contemporary setting, by all means read it. If not, you should read it anyway because it did win all those awards and you should figure out why, because I couldn't. I failed in my quest to figure out why Gaiman is the proverbial IT boy in spec fic.<br /><br />Oh well.<br /><br />A 3 out of 5.<br /><br />*BTW*<br /><br />My favorite part of this book was that it took place largely in Wisconsin..  *BTW*  My favorite part of this book was that it took place largely in Wisconsin.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Great game! Super fun and as always completely addicting. Worked great with my Kindle Fire. I love the new challenges and enjoy the classic fruit ninja game play as well.
0756404738|5.0|The Good: Engaging as all get out. Beautiful characterization. Wonderful worldbuilding.<br /><br />I have always felt myself a SF guy. Even though I've waited in line for hours for both the Potter books and movies, I've just always seen myself as a science fiction fan and writer. Outside of Harry Potter, I haven't read many fantasies, and never a heroic, epic, or high fantasy.<br /><br />The Name of the Wind taught me that SF be damned. I'm a fantasy guy.<br /><br />This story is told through the eyes of Kote, an innkeeper, who used to be Kvothe, a legend. It's a frame tale interspersed with interludes that juxtapose Kvothe then and Kote now. He interludes at the perfect times within the book. Anyone who has ever tried to write knows how difficult pacing is, and Rothfuss is able to make a 700+ page book read faster than a novella. It is one of the many truly amazing feats he performs in this book.<br /><br />This book is the story of Kvothe. That being said, Kvothe needs to be a solid character who changes constantly. I've never read a book where the character feels so real. His actions so logical for his character. Every action in the book moves the plot along which means it moves the character along. Not a single word is wasted on needless exposition. Again, amazing.<br /><br />At times the narrative frames another tale within the frame. These are gorgeous nuggets of worldbuilding. It doesn't feel forced or like an infodump because it is so artfully done.<br /><br />Beyond being a frame narrative, the story is episodic in the best of ways. Many episodic stories feel like a connect the dots. Go from point a to be to c to d. TNotW feels like Rothfuss flung a handful of dots into space and had a toddler with a dry erase marker go at them. There is an indefinable organic feel to Kvothe's journey. It feels like life, and Kvothe's life will very much become yours.<br /><br />Rothfuss makes you feel for Kvothe. Every scrape, bruise, broken heart, moment of pure elation is shared between Kvothe and the reader. This is perhaps the most difficult feat of them all. Rarely do I feel like a book deserves its exorbitant price, but with TNotW, I feel as if I should make a pilgrimage south to Rothfuss' residence and prostrate myself on his lawn. Granted that would only be a few hour drive, but still.<br /><br />The Bad: At the time of this review, The Wise Man's Fear hasn't arrived yet.<br /><br />Read it. Reread it. Tell me I'm wrong and I'll flatten your head between the pages of The Wise Man's Fear, as soon as it gets here.t difficult feat of them all. Rarely do I feel like a book deserves its exorbitant price, but with TNotW, I feel as if I should make a pilgrimage south to Rothfuss' residence and prostrate myself on his lawn. Granted that would only be a few hour drive, but still.   The Bad: At the time of this review, The Wise Man's Fear hasn't arrived yet.   Read it. Reread it. Tell me I'm wrong and I'll flatten your head between the pages of The Wise Man's Fear, as soon as it gets here.
B006OT03BM|5.0|I loved the transformer movies. This set is golden and wouldn't be around long. It is the mother of all collector editions for any transformer fan.
0756405890|5.0|The Good: Engaging as all get out. Beautiful characterization. Wonderful worldbuilding.<br /><br />I have always felt myself a SF guy. Even though I've waited in line for hours for both the Potter books and movies, I've just always seen myself as a science fiction fan and writer. Outside of Harry Potter, I haven't read many fantasies, and never a heroic, epic, or high fantasy.<br /><br />The Name of the Wind taught me that SF be damned. I'm a fantasy guy.<br /><br />This story is told through the eyes of Kote, an innkeeper, who used to be Kvothe, a legend. It's a frame tale interspersed with interludes that juxtapose Kvothe then and Kote now. He interludes at the perfect times within the book. Anyone who has ever tried to write knows how difficult pacing is, and Rothfuss is able to make a 700+ page book read faster than a novella. It is one of the many truly amazing feats he performs in this book.<br /><br />This book is the story of Kvothe. That being said, Kvothe needs to be a solid character who changes constantly. I've never read a book where the character feels so real. His actions so logical for his character. Every action in the book moves the plot along which means it moves the character along. Not a single word is wasted on needless exposition. Again, amazing.<br /><br />At times the narrative frames another tale within the frame. These are gorgeous nuggets of worldbuilding. It doesn't feel forced or like an infodump because it is so artfully done.<br /><br />Beyond being a frame narrative, the story is episodic in the best of ways. Many episodic stories feel like a connect the dots. Go from point a to be to c to d. TNotW feels like Rothfuss flung a handful of dots into space and had a toddler with a dry erase marker go at them. There is an indefinable organic feel to Kvothe's journey. It feels like life, and Kvothe's life will very much become yours.<br /><br />Rothfuss makes you feel for Kvothe. Every scrape, bruise, broken heart, moment of pure elation is shared between Kvothe and the reader. This is perhaps the most difficult feat of them all. Rarely do I feel like a book deserves its exorbitant price, but with TNotW, I feel as if I should make a pilgrimage south to Rothfuss' residence and prostrate myself on his lawn. Granted that would only be a few hour drive, but still.<br /><br />The Bad: At the time of this review, The Wise Man's Fear hasn't arrived yet.<br /><br />Read it. Reread it. Tell me I'm wrong and I'll flatten your head between the pages of The Wise Man's Fear, as soon as it gets here.t difficult feat of them all. Rarely do I feel like a book deserves its exorbitant price, but with TNotW, I feel as if I should make a pilgrimage south to Rothfuss' residence and prostrate myself on his lawn. Granted that would only be a few hour drive, but still.   The Bad: At the time of this review, The Wise Man's Fear hasn't arrived yet.   Read it. Reread it. Tell me I'm wrong and I'll flatten your head between the pages of The Wise Man's Fear, as soon as it gets here.
1594744769|2.0|I did not find the narrator to be true to voice of a 15-16 year old boy.  Sounded more like the author trying to sound like a teenager.  While the premise may not be original I had my hopes the storyline would be more intriguing.  Mr. Riggs just tries to hard and I found the book overrated.  Get this one from the library.
B004XWLN20|4.0|I bought this for my sister to give her hubby.  she is not an Amazon shopper.  Me? I live to shop in my pajamas at 3am, with a cup of tea, no crowds.  the movie set and her dishes came sooner than predicted in perfect condition.  Thank you Amazon.com.!!
B006C1DH92|5.0|This game is a lot of fun and the tie in to the movie makes it better still. Downloaded it for my kids and they love it.  How anyone can complain about a fun game with good graphics and challenging play (especially for free today) is beyond me.  Well worth downloading.  Even at full price.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I asked for a simple, easy to use app to play Spider Solitaire, and this app delivers! Easy to play, easy to win, easy to work. No complaints!
B000U1J5X2|5.0|Searched the web and could not find a better price. It is a genuine Brother part and gives me more confidence than the compatible products.
B0063GORYU|5.0|no complaints,  this is a great version of spider and it is free. if you like spider then get this version.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|When two techs come together to fix a problem from opposing teams, there's a bit of an unspoken challenge between them, akin to two dogs sniffing each other to determine who should be the alpha.  When this happened to me on vacation while trying to get the local internet provider's technician to understand the difficulty with signal quality, I used this app.  Whipped out my droid and displayed the immediate graphic of the signal quality, while he fumbled with his net book to refresh his application's data.  He later mumbled something like, \\"i gotta get that app, what was it called?\\"  WINNER! :)
B006C1DH92|5.0|I love this app. I love fruit ninja normally and this one is even better. It has updates that work and not make it look stupid like other movie apps.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I ran across this shortly after getting my Kindle Fire.  I have only used it for 2 days but it works well.  It helped select the best channel for my router and also made it super easy to find a hotspot while I was out and about today.  I wish I had this app a long time ago.  I run it on my Fire but it helps setting up laptops, phones, etc.  Good Job on this one.
0545123275|1.0|I recently read one of the author's other books, The Scorpio Races, which was excellent.  It had well-rounded characters, a good plot, great pacing, etc.  Seeing such glowing reviews for this book, I thought I'd give it a shot.  This book was like one of those old tv shows on the WB - teens who know everything and are torn between ripping each other's clothing off and saving the world.  There's a time and a place for that, but it was a real letdown after the subtlety of The Scorpio Races.
B005ZUR724|5.0|Everybody stop complaining. Yes the app says it requires an update you cant download. I'm having the same problem. But this game is awesome when it works. And there is a reason the update is not available. This game is playable on several different devices. Many of those app stores do not require themselves to test the update before it is released. But amazon does (also apple does this too) l. So they are making sure that the update has no viruses to steal your identity. So instead of blaming gameloft you should be thanking amazon. So there IS an update it just isn't available yet.<br />  Keep On Gaming Gameloft :)
1405240466|5.0|I bought these for my neice's birthday in February.  I certainly didn't expect any sort of expedited shipping, but to my surprise, they arrived within two weeks!  Considering where they came from I was quite pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The box is in great condition and the books are a total blast from the past! The books are a bit smaller than the ones you'd buy individually, but they're not unbearably small.  The fonts are perfectly legible. Although a bit pricey - getting them all in one set and having the nice box to keep them organized made it worth the cost.<br /><br />I also purchased the Mr. Men boxed set from this seller and was pleased to find them in a similar condition.  Just perfect!  Would recommend!
B005ZUR724|5.0|this is a great game all around. all mmo game have bugs and I'm sure they will work it out soon. be patient. good things come from suffering. eagerly awaiting update. : )
B0063GORYU|5.0|Faster than expected; matches full sized computer in speed and fun. Excellent graphics. Now I can take Spider to bed with me instead of sitting up all night oj front of the computer.
B005ZUR724|1.0|Its got some mysteriously unknown and unfound update. Come on gameloft, listen to us! Its free now? I wonder why.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|this alarm clock is very helpful. I like the options. they have so many to choose from. the best thing about this, is the snooze. you get to choose how many minutes/seconds, and you have to do something for the snooze To go on and off. they are very challenging and it wakes you up. my favorite method to turn on and off the snooze is to do math problems. it gets your mind going and makes you think. you can select how many problems you have get correct in order to function. I enjoy it very much because now, I'm not late for school.....and its FREE!!!
B0057UA4FY|4.0|While I enjoyed the new trilogy let's be honest, the more CGI Lucas has to play with the less he pays attention to the story. The original story trilogy was great because Luke, Lea, and Han were fighting side by side and becoming closer all the time. That is what I really like about the Animated Series. Anikan, Asoka, and Obi-One are fighting the Separatist and growing closer ... sarcastically. My one complaint is the series will jump away from a story line with only the narrator to fill you in on why. Very unsatisfying in a couple instances. However, the major arcs do follow the three act play of the two trilogies. Watching the Jedi in action is worth the price of admission and the characters and moral tales makes it worth watching again.
0440244412|4.0|I have been putting off reading the last installment in the Fever series by Karen Moning for months.  I wanted to finally understand who killed Mackayla's sister and why, finally get to the heart of what Barrons' is, and to find out who and what MacKayla is. And after 704 pages, I think I have the answer, but I am still unsure of why it took several books (4 prior to this one) and 700+ pages (of this one) to explain it.   Now to summarize the final book in the Fae Fever series. MacKayla finally has the answer of who was responsible for her sister's death (of course she is shocked and hurt by her discovery) (Twist #1). She is also struggles with who and what she might be, as well as learning to control her new powers. Mac is still struggling with her desire for Barrons, who has a secret he has been keeping for centuries. There is still the ever present struggle between the Seelie and Unseelie to locate and bind the Sinsar Dubh. In this book, MacKayla is recovering from her past life as a priya. She is sex starved, grief stricken, vengeful and feels betrayed by some of those close to her.  She still wonders if she is the concubine, the King or  who. Va'lane (the trickster) and Barrons (the brooding, sexy being) are ever present and still fighting for her attention. We also learn why Barrons' has been seeking the book for centuries and sympathize, and are hoping in our minds and hearts that he is successful, although it may mean the end of the world as we know it.  We are introduced to new characters and powerful beings, as well as have the opportunity to visit with familiar ones.If you couldn't tell, this book is really about struggling with yourself and others.   Now for my commentary...at the end of the story, I had the answers to my lingering questions, but wasn't sure if I appreciated the ride getting there. Shadowfever was TOO long (for my tastes),with TOO much description.  Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against reading lengthy novels (I can digest a StephenKing with the best of them), but what was told in 700+ pages could have been told in 350 to 400 tops. The vast descriptions of the silvers, of the wastelands, the male anatomy, to the bed chambers' of the King, etc, lasted way too long and at times I wanted to skim over them to get to the point. And then there was that portion that Moning used the \\"F\\" word every few words. If it was for no other reason than shock value it didn't work, I soon became immune. Back to it being a little TOO long.....Anyway, in the end while the truth made sense, but it took so long I ALMOST didn't care.  And after 700+ words, the ending was kind of anticlimactic. Once the bad guy was revealed, it was over within pages, leaving you wondering why it was such a big deal. With Dublin in ruins, and the good guys rebuilding the world (or their corner of it) and the Sinsar Dubh bound, I began to wonder was it worth the wait? Of course, because I am someone who wanted to see how it ended, I pushed on and while I didn't always appreciate the musings and ramblings (Mac fighting with herself about decisions that I had to be made)I am glad that I finished. In closing, Shadowfever would remind you of waiting in line at the amusement park for a ride that everyone has been waiting for, but once you are strapped in and the ride is over (after only 1 minute), you ask yourself, \\"was this what I waited in line for 45 minutes for\\"? Was it worth it? So while you can appreciate the engineers, or the effort it took to create the ride, you aren't sure that you appreciate the wait or the time it took to experience it. With that said, I felt like Shadowfever was an appropriate end to a much loved tale and I give it a 3.5 to 4, if for no other reason than I had some questions answered. Or maybe if pushed, I would give it the full 4 because of the never ceasing banter between Barrons and his beloved rainbow girl! It as usual was entertaining.
0307891372|5.0|This guide is a very useful tool when playing Skyrim. It has been referenced many times to look up a numerous amount if items. It was worth the purchase price. I would recommend it to anyone who is into this game.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|I'm very pleased with the Mareware Lightweight cover for the Kindle Fire.  No noticible bulk or weight added by this cover.  The stand works well - I've even been able to get the stand to work on a pillow where I can read in bed hands free!  Two thumbs ups!
1419702238|5.0|My son was tickled to get this recent book of the Wimpy Kid series for Christmas Even though he is in 6th grade he is attached to these characters & wants to read the new books when they come out. The book was new condition when we purchased it & he was so happy to get it Now I can quit avoiding the library, LOL!
B0064X7FVE|5.0|my kindle fire came with this app and its wonderful!! its good for me because for when I wake up in the morning for school ( I'm 11 years old) I could look on this handy!!! or I could also just use my I pod touch but this app tells the truth. my I touch says its gonna be &deg;40 when its gonna be like &deg;60!!!!
B006MGDVFM|5.0|I highly recommend this documentary about a legendary race car driver and incredible person. It's very objective and highlights the highs and lows of Senna's career.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I never have time to read so with this application I can read the bible anywhere and at any time! I can even try different bible studies and set a reading plan.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is great. It reads easy, the stakes are high, the characters are fun, the world is interesting and you can't seem to put it down.<br /><br />I will say that it's tough to stomach the fact that children in that world are put in a situation where they must fight to the death while the people of The Capitol (power holders) watch on  . Every page I thought about how unjust the actual Hunger Games are. It's anguishing. I couldn't NOT think about it every page. It's just awful.<br /><br />Perhaps this sanguineous situation the main character is thrown into is why it's such a page turner. Perhaps we (Americans) are the same as the blood thirsty people of The Capitol...
0439023521|4.0|I have been hearing about this trilogy for months now, as well as the fact that a major film is in process and due to be released next summer.  As an adult reader and film addict, I was somewhat disappointed by the later Twilight books so I resisted starting this series, but I finally succumbed and I'm glad I did as I greatly enjoyed the first book and I'm looking forward to the remaining two, particularly the third one. Frankly, after reading a few pages, I became possessed by the story, particularly the pace of it, and couldn't put it down. Katniss Everdeen is a very appealing heroine and I found her struggle to maintain her innate humanity in the face of the most basic and stomach-churning of survival situations quite fascinating, however what really gripped me has to be the lightning tempo of the book that simply would not allow me to put it down. There is great enjoyment in swallowing a deliciously riveting story such as this in one big gulp. This is one of those \\"ultimate in fun reads\\"! If for no other reason, I recommend it to anyone who wants to simply go away to another world for a couple of hours.
B0063GORYU|5.0|The app works really well. no problems. I've played it many, many times and haven't had any problems. I need to stop playing spider and start reading some of the books I downloaded!
B004J4WLB4|3.0|This book sucked me in right away.  I really felt compelled to find out why Victoria had never been adopted. I agree with many other reviewers that the plot has some serious weaknesses, beginning once Victoria discovers her pregnancy. Nevertheless, I still couldn't' put the book down and I finished it in two days.  It was an enjoyable, quick read.  I had wondered if it would be really depressing, given how bleak stories about foster children can be.  Overall, the book just wasn't as literary as I expected it to be.
140053271X|4.0|I didn't order my Nook from Amazon but all I can say is, that it is AMAZING! This nook is for the people who are major readers like me. I mean I can rip through 3 - 5 books depending on the length. You have to think that I don't always buy the books, I check them out with my library's Overdrive. Its wonderful (though you have to download Adobe Digital Editions, which is completely safe, to manage your library books with you Nook).  The down side is that it is not backlit. I like to read all day, and it kind of sucks that I'm not able to read in the dark without any additional accessories. The battery life is great. I charged it on Christmas night, and the charge is still over 85%.  They could have made the power button a little easier to push because I have trouble telling if i have pushed it or not. If your not the biggest reader, and you like to play gives, I recommend getting the Nook Tablet or Kindle Fire, NOT THE NOOK COLOR! The nook color is supposed to be terrible at everything.   I have no problems with my nook, I love it, and I am happy with it.
B005FVA3LK|5.0|Why would anyone spend this sort of money for an album that's 20 years old?  I wouldn't do it for any other band or any other album.  For me, Achtung Baby is the best rock album ever released.  This collection of 6 music CD's and 4 video DVD's is everything I hoped for.  My personal journey for enjoying this collection was to start from the last music CD and moved toward the first at one week intervals.  Keep the love going for 6 weeks. So Disc 6 said something about Kindergarten...and I thought the Disc was going to be a soft rendition of all the songs that could be played to put a baby to sleep at night...How wrong was I.  Disc 6 is a wonderful surprise, a snapshot of the the Achtung Baby album in process--probably the biggest delight of the whole set. Discs 3-5 are a great collection of remixes and b-sides (so many great versions of the song \\"Even Better than the Real Thing\\").  Disc 2 is Zooropa and it sounds remastered and excellent.  I found Disc 1 is supposedly remastered, but I found it very hard to tell if it was much different than the original album (which was pretty much perfect, so not much room for improvement).  The DVD Documentary \\"From the Sky Down\\" is very insightful. And the book that came with the whole collection also has great insights from various people involved in the project.  Can't get enough.  Thank you U2 for letting us looking behind the curtain and see a little bit further into your creative process.  What a treat.  Best money I ever spent on a gift for myself.  I'd do it again...
B006C1DH92|3.0|entertaining good for killing time... some times the game would freeze though  during play... I'd be trying to swipe at a fruit and the screen would freeze
B004DM1ZQY|4.0|Good backgammon application. Runs, great on Kindle Fire. Easy to use, with a good interface. Only runs in landscape mode, but that is probably what you want anyway. The game has five levels, but even in the top level the computer makes absurd mistakes, and it may not be very challenging for expert backgammon players (I am not very good and routinely beat the machine). For example, the machine will accept doubling in situations in which it has little or no probability of winning. Great for beginners.
B0052RE4MQ|4.0|I had this on my to read list for a year after Matched came out. I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />I felt like this novel really showed growth in all of the characters: in particular, Cassia and Xander (off screen). This novel only reinforced that I think Xander is the more deserving of the two of Cassia's affections, but we will see who she chooses in the next book!<br /><br />I thought this book was stronger paced and better written than Matched, and that Ally Condie did a great job of widening and broadening her scope. It's much easier to write about a place that is tightly enclosed. But she had to move her characters into the unknown landscapes outside, which is much more difficult, but she succeeded.<br /><br />I will be watching for the last book, and I'm excited to see what she does with her characters as each installment has been better than the last!
B004QK5N5W|5.0|This works perfectly,just plug and play.   Having purchased many leads and connectors for Apple Gear,some difficult and some average,this is the best of the lot.  Highly recommended for sharing of you iPad contents on the \\"Big Screen\\"  Leeroady,Dublin
B006L0A5P8|5.0|Amazing app, works great on my Kindle Fire.  If you use 1Password on your Mac or PC, you need this app.  Great way to access all your password protected sites without remembering all your passwords.  Even better, it's free!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|never gets boring.. this game is great!! I love it so much. no problems at all. only bad thing is the adds but they are not to bad
B005XN0SGU|5.0|I've tried plenty of other viewers and this one is hands down the best performing comic viewer for your Android device, including the Kindle Fire.  Page turns are smooth and pinch to zoom works great.  Highly recommended!  Worth the $3 donation.
0545403359|3.0|I purchased this for my son who is an avid reader. He said that this book was an ok book to read. It's written about a horse back in the war days. Joey gets sold to the Army as a work horse; he wonders if the war will ever end???   I would use Amazon again for my shopping needs. They put customer service first and take pride in the way they ship out products. My items came to me in execellent condition! Thanks Amazon!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This was my first experience reading by Kindle and my first introduction to Suzanne Collins.  I was thrilled by both!  The Hunger Games hooked me and hooked me quick!  The storyline flowed easily and the characters were really brought to life (er, or death).  I enjoyed the \\"boy-meets-girl\\" plot with a kind of Romeo and Julliet twist.  The futuristic setting was easy to imagine, but keeping with the \\"fiction/fantasy\\" genre, I was entertained.  And I will admit, I had tears flowing toward the end of the book.  This book is definately on the top of my \\"guilty pleasures\\" list and I'll have to admit that my kids are glad I'm finished with it so I can join THIS world again.<smile>  A MUST READ!
0810970686|5.0|I purchased this book for my son who absolutely loves these books. He said that each book get better than the one before! He will read this book several times!!!   Thanks Amazon for your fast shipping and for making sure that my products come to me in mint condition!
B005PK56TA|5.0|To keep this review short let me just say that the first half of the season was spent filling in background and letting a few surprises in and just when you thought that maybe you were wasting your time with this series BAM and the whole thing starts to explode.  It was an amazing series and the ending left you with a really great 'WTF are they gonna do now???\\".  Highly recommended for anyone who likes the horror genre and I believe anyone that likes a good thriller/mystery will be sucked into this series.
0810989956|5.0|I purchased this book for my son who absolutely loves these books. This book is like a fill-in-the-blank book. You fill in the blanks with your 'own words' of what you want to be in the story.  He will read this book several times!!!   Thanks Amazon for your fast shipping and for making sure that my products come to me in mint condition!
0439023483|4.0|The only reason I gave this book (indeed the whole series) four stars instead of five, is that I think it falls short of really exploring the some of the issues it raises. Peeta and Katniss speak only briefly about retaining one's sense of humanity and self in the face of tyranny, oppression and (almost) certain death, but thoughout the series I kept waiting for more insight into the choices people make to survive and the impact that has on their psyches. I remind myself that this is a young adult series, and it may be enough that these issues are even raised or alluded to, but I'm not sure many young people will catch it. I think they'll just get caught up in the action, which is absolutley fabulous.  I love Katniss as a heroine - the anti-Bella if you will. She has got things to do and people to take care of. Guys mooning over her is a complete surprise and she questions their motivations when she is not busy trying to save them and herself. I have the feeling Katniss would NOT find it romantic if some guy snuck into her room to watch her sleep, and then told her what to do and how to live her life \\"for her own good.\\" I'm for damn sure certain Katniss wouldn't contemplate suicide because a guy decided (for her own good) he didn't want to be with her. I'll be terribly disappointed if they turn the movies into some kind of love triangle saga.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Very addictive big amount of levels gets updated a lot everyone should rate it five star I can not go a day without playing it
B004EPYZQC|5.0|es injusto que una pel&iacute;cula tan interesante y deseada por todos, No este a la venta en espa&ntilde;ol me hubiese gustado comprarla poro solo esta en ingles
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've used Springpad, it is NOT better than Evernote.<br /><br />I use Evernote on my Amazon Kindle Fire, iPad, Android mobile phone, Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, iMac, Windows laptop, and Windows desktop pcs. Evernote keeps my notes, tasks, journal, audio recordings, and jpg and pdf images.<br /><br />I cannot tell you how transforming it is to have all your life at the tip of your fingers, regardless the device you have with you.<br /><br />Evernote is not perfect, and it is inexplicably inconsistent from platform to platform, and software updates can be steps backward, but not permanently. Evernote listens to its customers and quickly remedies problems.
1600242405|1.0|Everything was ok and fun listening to Johnny Depp reading during the first 2-3 cd's out of the 20 in the set.  Depp does a magnificent job here.  But then this idiot takes over and it makes it so awful that he ruined the whole listening experience for me.  At about cd #7 I've had enough.  This guy (I believe is John Hurley) tries too hard to sound cool, but it doesn't work.  It's just bad bad BAD reading.  The voice is horrible.  It sounds like he's drunk or trying to sound drunk, but it just killed it.  It's gotten so bad that I had to pull over and put the cd's away.  I need to get a hold of the book now, and pick up where I left off(double expense).  On average it's a good story. The only complaint I have is that Keith believes he's the next best thing since music was invented, yes he's good/great, but not as much or as he presents himself on the story.  Also he talks a lot of sh*&^ (so far) about Brian, someone who is already dead, and who played an important role in the forming days of the Stones.  Keith/Mate, get over it.  The guy has croaked-long ago.  Give him some credit.  Brian paid his dues while alive, and besides, you took his girlfriend too.  I'm a little disapointed in that sense.  I have been a life-time fan.  But, I guess \\"you can't always get what'ya want\\".  The dirty laundry is now exposed.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I purchased this collection for my son.  Great price and he loved it. It is a collection he will enjoy for a long time. LoveAmazon.com  Thank you and your selection.  I recomend this for any who likes this.  This is cheaper than other retail stores.  Thanks Amazon
B0000AK7AB|5.0|Gift for Christmas arrived timely, Product as described. This was a gift to Secret Santa they were surprised and pleased to receive. Good Job Amazon.
0439023491|4.0|There's not much to add that hasn't already been written.  It's a little more fleshed out, perhaps a little more plausible, and thankfully a little less predictable than the first.  I enjoyed it for what it is, an interesting tale.
1451627289|5.0|I have never read a Stephen King book before, but was tantalized by this being a 'time travel book'.  It has everything possible in it, from love to mystery to horror to the past and the future.  I may never read another Stephen King book, but this book is a MUST READ! You will be hooked from the minute you start the book. His characters come alive and you feel you know them inside out.  The incredible way he delves into the past of Oswald and his family was most interesting to me, because I remember the day Kennedy died like it was yesterday. I never knew so much about Oswald before and now feel he did act alone.   I love 'time travel books' and have read some. My favorite is 'Time and Again', which King talks about at the end of the book.  It was mesmerizing and has never left me since I read it two years ago.   This book by King will have a lasting effect also. I would love to see this made into a movie. It would be outstanding!   Enjoy this book! I know you will!
B000VWOV3O|1.0|Mark OW Chapman is spot on. In the immortal and enlightened words of Frank Zappa \\"Save your money, don't go to the show\\" or as the Romans said \\"Caveat emptor\\" (buyer beware)  This is a cynical piece of maketing rubbish aimed at those who are unfamiliar with the original LPs, that had killer covers and killer sound (for vinyl). Don't shoot yourself in the foot: buying this set is a false economy. You can get far better value just buying new remastered copies of each CD (often with bonus tracks and augmented notes, etc.) right here on the Amazon site. Look for the New and Used link for each CD.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Thank you Amazon.  Never played Fruit Ninjas before but this game is great. Five stars.  I recommend to all those with Kindle Fire. Works great.
B00005JN2Z|4.0|Beautifully shot and artfully polysemic, Collateral is an enjoyable and expertly crafted film. Although it has the dressings of an action thriller, it is more of a sensitive character study. Max (played by Jaime Foxx), a reserved cab driver, is fatefully paired with an uncaring assassin, Vincent (played by Tom Cruise), and the film shows us the inevitable clash of their personalities.<br /><br />After inadvertently divulging the nature of his violent vocation, Vincent forces Max (sometimes at gun point) to drive him around for the night. Listening to and watching their interactions with each other is endlessly entertaining. Max slowly assimilates some of Vincent's traits, some of his boldness; but he also recognizes that Vincent is \\"missing something\\" that most humans possess (a conscience of some kind). This relationship is the core of the movie and is handled masterfully.<br /><br />The city of Los Angeles, where the film is set, is another important character. Mann deftly captures the feel of the city, using tasteful overhead shots to provide a sense of location.<br /><br />The film, however, is not without its flaws. There is a clunky boy/girl story and the denouement is painfully protracted and clumsily written, providing no real satisfaction.<br /><br />FINAL SAY:<br /><br />An intelligent, meaningful character study that is only slightly marred by minor flaws.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This is by far the best Bible app. Make notes, download any number of 30+ versions, set up a reading plan and connect on social media like Twitter and Facebook.
B003QNXPUK|5.0|I have tried plenty of screen protectors but none compare with the Zagg invisibleSheild. It allows you to have some grip on the screen and it simple protects it very well not to mention the grantee that Zagg offers to replace your product.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy Solitaire and this is one of the best games I have played.  I especially enjoy the replay feature.
B004FOA84A|2.0|Disappointly short even for $0.99. &quot;Clues&quot; are not easy to find and this game isnt as polished  as other point and click games. The story sounded interesting, but you only had scenes at the start and not again until the end. VERY disappointing.
B001UV4XIS|1.0|The movie was good but, again, I was under the impression I ordered the Blue Ray..... guess I should have read more and not just depended on the picture.
B0027LZ4CE|5.0|This set is compliation of live recordings of Bruckner symphonies recorded from the late 1990's into the mid-2000's all with the Wutterburg Philharmonische under Paternostro.  The 1st through 4th symphonies are like no interpretations that I've heard before (in a good way).  The 5th as another reviewer pointed out is stellar.  The 6th and 7th things slide just a little and become as I would put it \\"cartoonish\\" to a point.  The 8th is stronger and the 9th is somewhere in the middle.  I am a very strong Shostakovich devotee and if you want to know what \\"cartoonish\\" in Shostakovich sounds like you need not go any further than the 9th symphony with Bernstein and the NYPO.  I don't know if that helps any.  This is just where I am coming from.  In the late Bruckner symphonies it seems to be short-sighted phrasing and a kind of instant gradification of the moment as it were.<br /><br />This set is a bargain.  The fact that the 11th CD with the Te Deum and the Symphony No.0 is included with outstanding performances is even more of a bonus.  In fact this might be the Bruckner No.0 to end all 0's.  It is that good.  There are so many great or near great performances in this set it is hard to give it any less than five stars.<br /><br />-Signed Amateur Brucknerian - Dmitri
0399534601|3.0|Misled by the title, I picked this up looking for ideas related to museum exhibits. Though it was an interesting read, it was not at all applicable in the way I'd hoped it would be.   There are many pages that are laid out for pasting in samples one has picked up, writing lists, or stapling in envelopes for collections. The large, handwritten-style text means that, although the pages are visually appealing or unique to look at, there's often not a lot of actual content per page.   The book alternately felt like:  - someone tried to write a user's manual for those little moleskin notebooks famous authors are notorious for carrying around and constantly jotting ideas and observations in  - explaining and finding use for the miscellanea little boys bring home in their pockets  - a primer for non-artistic parents trying to encourage an artistic streak in their children  - an eccentric cross between a freshman art course and a creative writing class taught by a new ageist   I strongly recommend flipping through a copy of this if at all possible before buying, as its unusual style is likely to either strongly resonate with or be completely wrong for an individual with little neutral ground.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I had a fun time. easy to use. helps me sleep or pass the time while normal. people. do.   silly predictive text adding.  .  . .
0307591549|5.0|Positive psychology books are often cheap, overly-cheery pep talks full of common sense and self-help mantras, but Mr. Achor stands out with this funny, sincere and 100% applicable masterpiece.   Basing all of his premises and points solidly in science and making that science accessible to readers, he brings fresh life and passion to his subject. His slightly dry humor and self-deprecation are amusing and give the book a very personal feel. He keeps all his points simple without losing the fascination factor.   Most importantly, his steps are actually usable, doable opportunities anyone can take advantage of regardless of their age, job, or life circumstances. Achor practices what he preaches and lives these principles every day, helping companies and individuals across the world take advantage of them. He doesn't shirk the hard questions and leaves readers encouraged and motivated.  I would recommend this for everyone!
B003ZSJ212|4.0|I got this for Christmas and honestly, it was the best gift I got. I've seen the originals and quite honestly, the changes they made to the blue ray don't change or deminish my love for the films. Yes, episode 2 and 3 sucked big time but the sound quality and picture in both trilogies are amazing. I still haven't seen the extras but will soon. If you are even remotely a star wars fan, despite all the negative comments people are giving, you definitely should buy this edition. If not for the movies do it for the amazing collectors box it comes in. The only reason I don't give it a 5 is because it doesn't include the originals.
B004P29LEU|5.0|This little gem was filmed in my hometown before Johnny Depp became a mega star. His Buster Keaton-like performance is classic, and Mary Stuart Masterson and Aiden Quinn are great, too. I wish a version would be released with out-takes, since the crowd scene I was an extra in got trimmed down and I'd love to catch a glimpse of myself in the background!
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|My 12 year old son and I went today to see this at the theater and I now wish I had gone to the IMAX to see it. The larger-than-life awesomeness of the robots is just one of the reasons I left there feeling stoked! I was amazed at the acting skills of such a young boy (Dakota Goyo) and of course Hugh Jackman... The audience DID cheer during a triumphant moment and I actually shed a few tears. It was amazing!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app....it keeps me busy for hours!!!!! I love the many challenges that each game has!!!! plus its great for kids too.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works for me. It is simple. That's all I needed. Just wanted quick temp, weather updates. No problems with the app not working, etc.
B001E45XT4|1.0|I'm a professional Gamer. Over the years I must purchase headsets (always something wrong), keyboards (Faded keys are nice) and mice (diablo II broke two) as I inevitably wear them out.   At first, the Plantronics series 367 looked too good to be true. The sound wasn't great and the microphone was only a step up from shouting into the wind but hey, at least it wasn't a behind-the-head-model.  So far, there has never been a product that looked so promising and yet was so wholly awful as the Plantronics 367 series \\"gaming Headset\\". The Plantronics \\"Face Clamp 500\\" managed to induce a series of headaches, but I, the hard core gamer ignored said terrible maladies and set out to game regardless of discomfort. In time, the wires magically managed to arrange themselves into a series of intricate knots unsolvable by the Great Houdini. For no reason. The headset was stored correctly away from the computer, cord neatly arranged to prevent knotting but hey, the Plantronics 367 is apparently made out of Memory wire that enjoys attempting to re-create a slinky while you are away from the PC. And guess what? Attempting to untangle the cords results in the cheap plastic coating splitting repeatedly and bearing the sensitive innards of the cord to the world. After that, the 367 shorts out and breaks.  But, The adventures are not OVER! No no. You try to contact Plantronics support, which is as easy as painting a fart green or building a ladder to the moon. And they will ship you a factory rebuild. I asked around on the internet's 'Dork Council' of fellow gamers and guess what? They will ship you a factory REJECT that will do precisely the same thing. Only faster and with more Gusto! Getting a refund out of Plantronics is about as easy as boxing a glacier.   Overall, a LOUSY product.   -Tex-  of the Black Pants Legion
B005O30Y5Y|5.0|I got this item during the black friday deals. I got it at an extremely good price. I already knew the movie would be good because I saw it in the theater. Even at full price the movie is worth it.
0307891372|5.0|Must-have for serious players. Details of entire game, maps, creatures, ingredients, weapons. All the information you need, well written too. Helpful without making it too simple or boring. Skyrim is so big that this guide is essential for the total experience.
B0063IH60K|5.0|the game is easy to use, allows for different modes. big cards that can be rotated for portrait or landscape viewing.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I recently purchased the Marware Microshell for my new Kindle Fire.  Even though some reviewers were complaining about it, I liked the fact that it was lightweight and reasonably priced.  I am certainly glad I bought it. It fits the Kindle Fire perfectly, protects it well, and is handsome in its simplicity.  It's not real fancy, but who cares - it looks clean and does its job well.
B000683VI4|5.0|favorite love story in awhile, the movie is worth buying. true love doesn't happen to everyone, so its nice to see a movie that reminds you on what true love is
B00000JLWW|4.0|I purchased this DVD as a birthday gift for my 14 year old grandson who is very interested in the Titanic.  It was listed as being new and arrived in very good condition and was quite reasonable.  It arrived in a timely fashion.
0439023521|2.0|Update:  I revised this to be slightly more positive, the writing is actually fairly good<br /><br />This is simply an attempt to Americanize the Battle Royale concept, perhaps unintentional but there is no way around it.  BR has a depth of emotion and style that is mostly lacking in the world of Hunger Games.  I'm sure you can trace all of these stories way back, but such a blatant rip-off is just an attempt to capitalize on the feeding frenzy from Twilight and Harry Potter.  Do yourself a favor, get interested in Hunger Games but read the better, more original story.
B003ZHVJFK|3.0|I love the game, so that's why I ordered the movie. The writing is weak and I had higher hopes for the Tekken characters, but it was still an okay viewing experience. The fighting scenes are solid overall, with the exception of one (the one and only female fight-it sucked). Hopefully they'll make a sequel with a bigger budget, better writing, and more characters from the game.<br />Basically, if you like playing Tekken, you should watch this once, though you may not feel compelled to go out and buy it.
B005XOPEOU|2.0|I was enamored with Coldplay's first and second albums, severely disappointed with their third, and mostly lost on their fourth.  The new album is more cohesive than the fourth and a bit more interesting than the third but nevertheless for me it never breaks out of being ultimately boring and predictable.  2 stars for making another album that other people seem to think is wonderful.
B00005KAQP|5.0|I love this movie and finally decided to get it on DVD after officially getting rid of most of my VHS collection. The seller sent it quickly and it was exactly as described--very inexpensive and I'm glad I bought it.
B000YPUF9W|1.0|Resident Evil: Extinction (2007). Rated &#34;R&#34;.  Running Time: 1 hour, 34 min.<br />Directed by Russel Mulcahy. Produced by Paul W.S. Anderson, Jeremy Bolt, Bernd Eichinger, Samuel Hadida, Robert Kulzer.  Written by Paul W.S. Anderson.<br />Third movie in the film series, based upon the &#34;Resident Evil&#34; video game series.<br /><br />  Returning: Milla Jovovich, Oded Fehr, Iain Glen, Mike Epps.<br /><br />  When we last left Alice (Milla Jovovich), she was in the car with Carlos Olivera (Oded Fehr) and Jill Valentine (Sienna Guillory) who had just rescued her. She was being held in the tank. She has been programed. Her eyes flashed the Umbrella Corporation logo, but they did not see that.<br />  Now this third movie begins with a surprise sequence. You might think you are watching the first movie [[ASIN:B0002J4X1Q Resident Evil (Deluxe Edition)]] (2002), but hang on, their is a surprise.<br />  Later, Alice is now in Salt lake City. She travels on a motorcycle laying low and trying to stay off the satellite grid. Some really gross dysfunctional people capture Alice and trap her on the bottom floor for the biohazard dogs.<br />  You'll have to see the movie to see how our hero gets out of the situation.<br />  Eventually, she meets up with Carlos and Claire (Ari Larter) in the Nevada Desert.<br />  Their next mission is to get to Las Vegas.<br /><br /> Also in the cast: Ashanti, Christopher Egan, Spencer Locke, Ramon Franco, Linden Ashby.<br /><br /> In-film advertising: Pepsi, Vaio, K-Mart.<br /><br /> Option of languages and subtitles: English, Spanish, French.<br /><br /> Special Features: Audio Commentary with Director Russell Mulcahy, Writer-Producer Jeremy Bolt.<br /> 11 Deleted Scenes, Beyond Raccoon City, Unearthing Resident Evil: Extinction, Preview of Resident Evil: Degeneration.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000MPEIF6 Resident Evil]] (2002).<br />[[ASIN:0767834739 Resident Evil: Apocalypse (Special Edition)]] (2004).<br />Resident Evil: Extinction (2007).<br /> [[ASIN:B002ZG98UA Resident Evil: Afterlife]] (2010).<br /> [[ASIN:B009MO5960 Resident Evil: Retribution (+UltraViolet Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]](2012).<br />Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2017).<br /><br />Animated film series, Japan:<br />Biohazard 4D-Executer (2000). (Short film).<br />Biohazard: Degeneration (2008) / Resident Evil: Degeneration.<br />Biohazard: Damnation (2012) / Resident Evil: Damnation.<br />Biohazard: Vendetta (2017) / Resident Evil: Vendetta on Digital June 20, 2017, on DVD July 18, 2017.on (2007).<br /> [[ASIN:B002ZG98UA Resident Evil: Afterlife]] (2010).<br /> [[ASIN:B009MO5960 Resident Evil: Retribution (+UltraViolet Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]](2012).<br />Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2017).<br /><br />Animated film series, Japan:<br />Biohazard 4D-Executer (2000). (Short film).<br />Biohazard: Degeneration (2008) / Resident Evil: Degeneration.<br />Biohazard: Damnation (2012) / Resident Evil: Damnation.<br />Biohazard: Vendetta (2017) / Resident Evil: Vendetta on Digital June 20, 2017, on DVD July 18, 2017.
B005KJZDXK|4.0|This is a nice holiday album from M. Ward and Zooey Deschanel. The music is cool yet traditional enough for the whole family. No surprises.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|Resident Evil: Afterlife (3D). Rated &quot;R&quot;. Running Time: 1 hour, 36 mins.<br />Directed by Paul W.S. Anderson.  Produced by Paul W.S. Anderson, Jeremy Bolt, Don Carmody, Bernd Eichinger, Samuel Hadida, Robert Kulzer.<br />Written by Paul W.S. Anderson<br />Fourth movie in the film series, based upon the &quot;Resident Evil&quot; video game series.<br /><br />Returning: Milla Jovoich, Ali Larter, Spencer Locke, Sienna Guillory.<br /><br /> After Alice (Milla Jovovich) and her replicants fight off more of the evil Japanese team, she survives a plane crash. Her T-Cells are so strong. She flies to Arcadia, Alaska to find Clair (Ari Larter) and the others.<br />  Then she is on her way to Los Angeles, California, near Hollywood, where she finds other human survivors (Boris Kodjoe, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Kacey Barnfield, Wentworth Miller, Kim Coates) who are on her side. Her next mission is to reach a boat.<br /><br /> Also in the cast: Tatsuya Goke, Shawn Roberts, Norman Yeung, Fulvio Cecere, Ray Olubowale, Denis Akiyama.<br /><br />Option of language: English, French, English Descriptive Service.<br />Option of Subtitles: English, Spanish, French, English Subtitled Commentary.<br /><br /> Special Features:<br /><br /> Band of Survivors: Casting Afterlife<br /> Fighting Back: The Action of Afterlife<br /> Sneak preview of Resident Evil: Damnation<br /> Resident Evil: Afterlife Soundtrack.<br /><br /> While I though the third movie, Resident Evil: Extinction was the worst of the series, they came back with the fourth movie, Resident Evil: Afterlife, which I thought was the best of the movie series thus far. Welcome Back! Great opening scenes.<br /><br /> [[ASIN:B0002J4X1Q Resident Evil (Deluxe Edition)]] (2002)<br />[[ASIN:0767834739 Resident Evil - Apocalypse (Special Edition)]] (2004)<br />[[ASIN:B000YPUF9W Resident Evil - Extinction (Widescreen Special Edition)]] (2007)<br />[[ASIN:B002ZG98UA Resident Evil: Afterlife]] (2010).<br /> [[ASIN:B009MO5960 Resident Evil: Retribution (+UltraViolet Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]] (2012).<br />Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2017).<br /><br />Animated film series, Japan:<br />Biohazard 4D-Executer (2000).<br />Biohazard: Degeneration (2008) / Resident Evil: Degeneration.<br />Biohazard: Damnation (2012) / Resident Evil: Damnation.<br />Biohazard: Vendetta (2017) / Resident Evil: Vendetta. On Digital June 20, 2017, on DVD July 18, 2017.Evil: Retribution (+UltraViolet Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]] (2012).<br />Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2017).<br /><br />Animated film series, Japan:<br />Biohazard 4D-Executer (2000).<br />Biohazard: Degeneration (2008) / Resident Evil: Degeneration.<br />Biohazard: Damnation (2012) / Resident Evil: Damnation.<br />Biohazard: Vendetta (2017) / Resident Evil: Vendetta. On Digital June 20, 2017, on DVD July 18, 2017.
B005QUQ99K|5.0|Lego dad with a new Ninjago set for the little ones. The line came out last year and was quite a hit with the wee Lego fans (well at least in my house!). So 2012 brings with it a new cartoon on TV and a new run of toys! I'm coming to you from the parent perspective on this one (I buy for both my son and myself as an adult fan of Lego) as this was purchased for my 6 year old. I paid 15$ retail for this and was well satisfied for what was included at that price point.<br /><br />Pros: A new version of the Red Ninja! This one comes with an improved helmet (the ninja's can finally look left and right) with some shoulder armor that can hold 2 swords on his back. The set also comes with one of the new snake men villains and a golden cobra staff. The toy itself is a lot of fun to build, as it combines some of the more technical Lego aspects with the Ninja theme. It took me about 25 minutes to completely assemble this so that my son could play. And according to him this set is \\"the most awesomest motor cycle ever!\\" It's rather sturdy and will actually roll along a hardwood/tile floor rather smoothly.<br /><br />Cons: Not to many to find here, the piece count, mini figures and unique parts make for an all around good value at 15$. I think Lego stating that it \\"transforms\\" is a gross overstatement. It does not, when you press down on the top of it, the \\"blades\\" of the bike poke out. It is a cool twist, but not all that. Finally, why oh why is there an advertisement halfway through the instructions? That is really not needed.<br /><br />Still, as with most Lego sets, the good far outweighs the bad. I would highly recommend this to any Ninjago fan!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Its the best way to pass the time, when you have nothing but laundry to do or even if your just watching Tv. I always click the winning deal button or you can get really stuck Lol.
B005Q46HZM|5.0|Phil Harding is most often linked to remixes of dozens of Stock Aitken Waterman productions. A few of those productions are here, but a large number of these mixes are strictly focused on the fact that Phil Harding remixed them, so they are not all SAW productions. That also means not all of them have that Hi-NRG sound--some are actually downtempo. What you do get is plenty of 12\\" mixes that have never been on CD before. Therefore, there's a glaring inclusion of the murder mix of Dead or Alive -it has been on DOZENS of compilations. But, it is indeed one of Harding's shining moments, so it really had to be featured here.<br />Really though, the other rarities are the reason to get this disc. New versions of classics by Diana Ross, The Jackson 5, and the Four Tops are big highlights, as are the numerous unreleased Rick Astley tracks. Harding's mix of the hugely popular Never Gonna Give You Up is something I was thrilled about, but actually, it's not all that impressive a mix--I expected it to have a harder sound, but it's actually softer than the hit mixes. The other unreleased astley songs are fun, but they all sound mostly like demos--both the musical arrangement and Astley's voice. If you ARE looking for that SAW sound and hi-nrg tracks, there are plenty of them on disc 2, my favorites being Oxygen, I Need More (the vocals sound like a cross between Pete Burns and Divine), and The Upstroke. Track times:<br /><br />CD1<br /><br />I want you back 88 (6:25)<br />I'm not scared (10\\" mix) (5:42)<br />When smokey sings (miami mix) (7:06)<br />Love hangover 88 (8:03)<br />She wants to dance with me (original extended R n B mix) (4:41)<br />Reach Out I'll Be There 88 (6:07)<br />Americanos (PWL mix) (5:12)<br />Snack Attack (9:49)<br />Easy Just to Say I Love You (8:16)<br />Untl You Come Back To Me (Phil Harding 12\\") (6:38)<br />You Spin Me Round (Murder Mix)  (8:04)<br /><br />CD2<br /><br />I want to be your property (DEF B4 dishonour mix) (6:50)<br />Heartache (dot & daisy's club mix) (7:41)<br />Instinctual (jack leee freak mix) (7:35)<br />Digging your scene (7:39)<br />Stay with me tonight (3:16)<br />Beat your body (manhattan mix) (4:54)<br />Oxygen (6:53)<br />Body shopping (new vogue mix) (3:26)<br />I need more (6:02)<br />The upstroke (6:27)<br />Truly yours (4:13)<br />Rain or shine (6:02)<br />Never gonna give you up (phil harding mix) (7:22)(7:39)  Stay with me tonight (3:16)  Beat your body (manhattan mix) (4:54)  Oxygen (6:53)  Body shopping (new vogue mix) (3:26)  I need more (6:02)  The upstroke (6:27)  Truly yours (4:13)  Rain or shine (6:02)  Never gonna give you up (phil harding mix) (7:22)
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game really makes your mind work. If you love card games, you'll never be able to quit playing this. It is also nice because it is free on my kindle fire.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|The angry birds seasons free is a lot like the real one, and believe me, you wont see the difference. I love the different themes and me and my brother love versing each other. He is a lot better than me, but it's still fun. I've downloaded every Kindle fire free angry birds app... And haven't stored ONE in the cloud. Great product.
B0063GORYU|5.0|If you know what ur doing in the game its a lot.of fun if u don't know how just googleit
B0055Q5F36|4.0|I wanted a Defender series Otterbox, but it seems they just don't make one for this phone yet. I settled on the Commuter with plans to upgrade later. I'm happy to report that it fits my phone perfectly and definitely makes me feel more confident about my phone's safety and durability. The only reason this is 4 stars instead of 5 is because the screen protector obviously isn't for my phone. It had a cut out hole in the bottom that appears to be meant for a button or something which my phone does not have.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its okay. makes the time go by quickly and does become somewhat addicting but is great for the kids on the long trips
B0063IH60K|4.0|This game is really fun. I have it on my kindle fire and have had no problems other than the ads popping up between each game btvyou just choose skip and play away.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|this is probably the best movie I have ever seen.  I never want to watch it again.  If you are looking for a feel good flick- run(don't walk)away!!!!  I saw it years ago, but just sent it to a friend who has never seen it.  I can't wait to see her reaction and if she'll ever talk to me again! :)
B005ZUR724|1.0|the amazing game with all the time i spent playing took a suddent downfall with a update which wasn't possible to update. if anyone finds an answer to this popular problem i would love to hear it
B006C1DH92|4.0|This game played great on my bionic and Asus Transformer, however I reduced the review by one star because I was required to download over wifi only. How dumb is that! My 4g is much faster than all wifi hotspots I come into contact with, but I had to wait to download this app until I could find a wifi hotspot to connect to.
B004SBULWE|5.0|This app helps you save the battery life on a mobile devices. Simple to use. I thought it worked great.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|It was a good story line that was rushed. It had the potential to be mush more then it was.  Useless you like to collect such movies i wouldn't order it.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|OK, Hollywood's looking for another rip-off, but Jon Favreau can't be taken so lightly.<br />I enjoyed this clever genre-mix; taking place in New Mexico (Roswell area) was missed by a lot.<br /><br />Daniel Craig is a reliable hero, and Harrison Ford is in veteran character-mode. Olivia Wilde is especially good.<br />Special effects and sound effects pretty make up the fun stuff, but the story about love, family and togetherness resonates.<br /><br />Getting the Indians and the bandits together to beat the bad guys is an idea I liked a lot; don't remember such an idea since Victor Fleming's '42 All Through the Night (Bogart), where the rival NYC gangs got together to beat up Nazi infiltrators. It's all about survival, country and a good story.<br /><br />Maybe I got more out of it than others...<br /><br />Good DVD extras.
1451627289|5.0|1. Stephen King does it again in this science-fiction, time-traveling epic.   2. DO NOT think i am going to spoil any of the wonderful plot to you.   3. i Have not put it down yet.   4. This is a classic piece. GREAT work of literature.   5. It just, brings that edge-sitting feeling throught the whole book. A real heart-racing read.   6. BUY BUY BUY. I cannot stress this enough. The book is just hands down another master piece by the man. The King of mystery/thriller in my opinion.   If you are a King fan, don't fool yourself. GO GET THIS. It is an essential to the King collection.
B005JSM5YW|5.0|I think there are certain roles that can ONLY be played by Steve Carrell, and this is one (40-Year Old Virgin is another). Manic confusion is his style, and he plays it here in spades. The rest of the cast is as fine, including Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling & Julianne Moore.<br /><br />It's a story that's been told often, but this version is so fresh it's like a revelation; few sappy moments, and lots of clever dialogue. a true original.<br /><br />I can't say enough about, how entertained I was. A class act.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I especially like the fact that you can tap on a card and it will automatically place the card in the right place if there is a spot for it.
B005974C94|5.0|I don't use that word \\"Powerful\\" at all to describe a musical item but this one fits. Received as a gift, I can't stop listening and watching. You must get the version with the DVD. I am both a dixieland and blues fan and this recording goes to the absolute top of the list. Even if you think you don't like either, this will change your mind. The play list is selected by Clapton and all the personnel bring it to full bloom. The highlight for me is \\"Joliet Bound\\" done by Chris Crenshaw who plays an awesome style of trombone. And when I get carried out, it should be by the street beat between the slow and fast versions of Closer Walk With Thee.
B005HEGW56|5.0|I was surprised to find this on instant prime and took a look. It is different and takes some getting used to but finally turns out fulfilling. The sets, Costumes, CGI are all excellent compared to TOS. I had a problem with the main characters but they finally grew on me and became fleshed out through the series. It is well worth taking a look at. In the end I wished that there were more.
B006C1DH92|5.0|I love seeing the reviews on here everyday about the app not working on the same phones.  If every app has an issue then its your phone,not the app. Next time spend a little more and get a better phone... then you can give some useful reviews.
B005HEKJMI|5.0|This is another first rate episode featuring Vulcan zombies with all the characteristics of First Person Shooters (FPS). It is apparent however that the writers are quite smitten with T'pal and it is surprising in how many imaginative ways they can get her out of her clothes. Not that I mind that so much, but I feel it is needlessly done as I don't recall that many TOS episodes with Spock undressed. Moreover, I feel it takes away from her fine acting which is the most impressive of all the actors. Why take away from her acting by so much sensuality of her body. No doubt they could have just made a show with her rubbing lotion on her body for a full hour and called it Star Trek/Baywatch. I like her looks too, but come on. That aside, it is becoming a well written show with touches of qualities that lead to a lasting appeal. I find I am more and more addicted to the show and what is going to happen to them all. Their goal has succeeded in getting this viewer committed to watching, albeit, a little too late to help them stay on the air.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game, easy to use and lots of fun to play! Highly recommend you try it! Really straightforward game play.
B005ZUR724|1.0|It has past 2 days now. when the hell I can get the update? Does gameloft ignore kindle fire users?
B0041D843M|5.0|I LOVE this book.  It is fascinating.  I could not put it down.  I hope all of my family and friends will want to read it too!  I have started eating a plant based diet and I am enjoying all of my meals.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome it. is an awesome game awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
B005UT29Z0|5.0|If you saw HBO's \\"Too Big To Fail,\\" you've seen the facts and figures version of this. \\"Margin Call\\" turns the fall of a Lehman Brothers into a cutthroat, John Gresham-thriller with some of the best acting ever. The pace is crazy fast and the acting is the best surprise. Zachary Quinto aka Spock is amazing amazing in this. Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons and Stanley Tucci are too. It's like \\"Wall Street\\" if that whole movie took place in one day. Also, it just looks and feels really cool.
B002G4FQAC|5.0|I have so say that I don't understand why people think this album is awful, like they say the worst song on here is Misguided Ghost, and I think it's because everyone is so used to hearing Paramore playing these loud, energetic songs. I love when the do acoustic songs, Turn it Off. I love every single song paramore wrote and recorded. If you had to listen to only one album forever mine would be this one. But that would e hard because I have discovered many artist through Paramore.
B000002H33|5.0|This cd is awesome metallica is thrash at its best.  so all you headbanging thrashers, Thash on   and here's to you RAT BOY!.
B005HIEFC4|4.0|Funny movie. Good for the Guy as well as the girl.Saw it in the theater with my girlfriend and bought the blue ray for her for Christmas. A lot of true life sexual humor. Pretty realistic.  Also has a scene with oral humor. Not too many movies go down that road now a days.
B004U52VPS|5.0|I bought four of these as christmas presents for nephews.  I was afraid they might be bored with this as compared to the iPad game, but they all opened them immediately and started playing.  They only stopped when they were called to dinner.  I was extremely happy with my purchase and once again solidified my standing as the cool aunt!
B005ZUR724|4.0|Although I had some technical issues with this product (which led me to repurchase the app), its gameplay was more than enough to keep me satisfied.  Compared to most WoW-copied-and-pasted games, Order and Chaos doesn't offer a lot of customization options (Only four possible classes, allowed to choose only one out of three crafting skills, etc.) It also tends to be more biased towards certain classes (Warriors) over others (Monks) when setting out equipment and learnable spells. The world, however, is pretty vast with a range of quests to fulfill and monsters to kill.  The PvP system is pretty convenient for a tablet, setting out a whole menu of options upon clicking another player's avatar. There have been mentions of a PvP arena, which till now has only been marked as \\"coming soon\\".   It is an interesting game, even in development, and I hope to see more from Gameloft here~
0307891372|5.0|Beautifully written, thoughtfully organized, completely worth owning if you enjoy playing Skyrim. This guide is thorough in every way: quest walk-throughs, character types, regions, items, creatures, and more. You will get tips about quests, followers, and enemies; however, you won't be completely spoiled about storylines (unless you want to be). The guide will enhance your gameplay in the best possible way.
0817439390|2.0|This review is going to sound harsh but my goal is to help people save money by not buying the wrong book.  The premise of this book is that you just bought your first digital camera and have taken several pictures. Some of them are too light, while others are too dark. You don't know why and want a more predictable outcome. If this describes your situation, then I think you will find a treasure chest of valuable information in this book and I recommend it.  If you already know that a wide aperture plays a role in background blur and that a fast shutter helps to \\"freeze action\\" then I don't think this book has much to offer.  I bought this book based on the strength of the reviews, and I blame myself for not reading the reviews more carefully. I was already shooting manual mode before I bought this. In retrospect it was a rushed decision as I assumed it had to be a really great read to be so popular.  One parting thought: Nearly all of the images (and advice) in this book are geared towards travel/landscape photography. The author uses a tripod and shoots during the golden hours (an hour after sunrise and the few hours before sunset). The results are fantastic. If I ever take up travel/landscape photography in the distant future, I will use this book as a reference.  However, as a DWAC (dad with a camera) nearly all of my pictures are of my son, indoors. This type of photography is not mentioned in the book.
B005IZLPKQ|2.0|There are so few good superhero movies out there that yet another pathetic one in Captain America simply waters down the genre even further. From the tacky CGI pasting of the hero's head onto a skinny actor's body, to the Xena Warrior Princess Army commander punching out soldiers and shooting up the set, to the Hulk-inspired action scenes, and the product tie-ins to the Avengers movie, yuck,  we'll just seen it all before.  Perhaps just sticking to the source material would suit a lot of these attempts at new superhero movies better.  Not only is there a lot of wasted space in the movie (the opening sequence for one), but there are also a lot of sub-par actors in the movie.  (I know, I know, people don't go to superhero movies to see acting, but still...).  I guess for now I will have to stick to my superhero DVD collection (ie: the 1st X-Men, Casshern, The Incredibles, Watchmen, Storm Riders, etc.)
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works well on Kindle Fire. Game is very playable and ads are not obnoxious. I highly recommend it, and the price is right!
B0063IH60K|5.0|My favorote game with great graphics!  Hints is a great feature.  All in all it is a well designed game.
B004EPZ03O|3.0|EVERYONE loves the muppets. Comedy star Jason Segal had a passion for this movie, wrote it and starred in it. Amy Adams is the beautiful and innocent love interest. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 97% movie critic positive rating.<br /><br />So, what happened? Why did this movie fail at the box office. Did it have anything to do with the Fox News controversy about the bad guy being an oil tycoon. Absolutely not. This movie failed at the box office because it really doesn't have a heart. All of the muppets are there, and there is singing and dancing. Funny jokes and quality writing abound, but I never found one moment to latch on to, one moment that felt real.<br /><br />I may be wrong on why this movie didn't win over the public, but you can't deny that something is missing. Maybe, the movie didn't take itself seriously enough. There are a few times when Segal or the muppets talk directly to the audience about major plot points or the movie budget.<br /><br />Bottom line, this is an enjoyable movie. But it isn't the blockbuster critics thought it would be. I wanted this to be a great movie my kids would beg me to buy on video, but in the end, they liked it, then immedietely forgot about it. The muppets will remain part of television history to them.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like this game thing....it is a lot of fun......lots of levels... and I am only writing this for the points,for the game....
B0063IH60K|5.0|My favorite touch screen solitaire app.  I like the one touch moving of the card. Best controls I've seen for solitaire.
B006C1DH92|4.0|really fun app. runs smoothly on ghee jlkindle fire. gets boring after a while but different from the original fruit ninjas and fun.
B004U52VPS|5.0|My son got this for Christmas, and has been playing with it for hours each day since.  He loves building the set-ups shown on the game cards, then proudly asks us to come and see what he's accomplished.  This is even more fun than I expected!
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is so fun and easy to use... i haven't played in years and I'm hooked again. my kids are learning it also now.....though maybe that's not so good....
B005HSL626|3.0|my sister wanted this game so we got it .about 4 days later it wudent lode so as I said fun but fustrating
B000B7BRMM|5.0|If you like Diana Krall you'll enjoy this mix of good Xmas favourites, such as Jingle bells,Have yourself a merry little Xmas, Santa Claus is coming to town etc, sung in a smooth jazzy voice  true to Diana Krall's  style.
B000FCKRDI|5.0|I must say that I enjoy this book and I cannot wait to read the rest of them. I came across this book because a customer review on Lord of Scoundrels told me about it.
1575666286|5.0|This book is amazing. Even if you can't become the complete vegan as suggested, you will learn so much about how we can heal ourselves with nutrition and get out of the stronghold of \\"big pharma\\".  Prevention is key. I have already radically changed my eating habits and feel so much better.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Overall, I am enjoying this game. But, the controls are clunky in some of the games which makes those games pretty challenging. Also, the points required to unlock higher levels are ridiculously high.
B00316DDUE|4.0|Good but,  I wish the Acropolis was in Blue Ray at a similar price.  This one is good but it is not stupendous.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|One of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Its a must buy if you like funny movies with happy endings, great for the whole family!
B002UD56I6|5.0|Fantastic, very well put together.  I am amazed not only at the talent of Jackson but of the other musicians around him.
B006C1DH92|5.0|This is a great game. Its very addicting. It starts easy and progressively gets harder. I love that you can earn extra lives and unlock features. I really enjoy the mini-games. Its the quickest way to unlock different knife blades and backgrounds.
B004I8WD7S|5.0|Great little product at a fraction of the cost from the nearest competitor.<br />The case is sturdy but with a soft layer on the outside, well designed and relatively easy to install. Of course it has to fit perfectly, which makes it a little difficult to put in place, but once it is, you can tell your iPhone is well protected.<br />This case is specifically designed for the iPhone 4S as there are some difference with the regular 4, in particular with the camera arrangement, front and back.<br />I love the AmazonBasics line of products and will be a returning shopper.
1848566980|5.0|This is a beautiful collection of Chris Foss illustrations, from his commercial beginnings in the 1960s through today, including previously unpublished concept art he did for a variety of motion pictures.  Biographical background and anecdotes from a few of the artist's close associates provides a nice introduction to this comprehensive portfolio of works.  Whether your interest lies in design, science fiction or commercial art, the singular Chris Foss style is worthy of note, and there is enough here to keep one absorbed for hours at a time.  A must-read.
0525457585|5.0|I'm a reader at heart, so falling in love with the movie as a child was not a challenge.  A book that is neverending?  What reader wouldn't love that!  But the book, the book is so much more.  I love that it's full of imagination, that it is based on a love of reading, that it's full of wonderful, rich characters and beautiful settings.  I've read it probably 20-25 times at least since discovering it.  I have a paperback one that I use as my reading copy and then this beautiful hardcover with the burgundy and green print.  I've loved this book for so long and Falkor the luckdragon even longer, that luckdragon or some variation of it is usually my screen name on sites (including here).  A treasure that anyone with an active imagination would love reading.  The original movie is lovely too, even though it only covers maybe a third of the book.  But that's another story...
B0009P5YXO|4.0|For nerds everywhere to be able to enjoy the ever resonating sound of a Sonic Screwdriver is a highly profitable idea indeed. This screwdriver is very plastic looking and take three of o those small impossibly expensive batteries to operate (the first three are included). However, I cannot put into words how much delight I get from just pushing the button.
B006C45MRE|1.0|I thought from the title and the previews that this would be a fun movie.  It was instead muddled and confused and the two male leads were sleep walking through the film.  I feel sorry for the other actors and the director who seemed to try to make this a fun popcorn movie. Interesting premise, muddled script and poor execution with tired leads.
B005LAJ16I|5.0|Anxiously awaiting 1st disc.  We saw the first four episodes of Homeland, but didn't get to see the rest.  The characters and details stay with you. Only \\"The Soprano's\\" have had this hold on me.
0062101897|5.0|My 16 year old niece is in to both film making and the Harry Potter series and it was a hit with the book being past around to everyone to look through at our Christmas celebration.  It was a true hit!
1574216988|5.0|I love to zentangle and this was one of the first books I purchased regarding the subject. This book is so fun and whimsical makes the learning process fun. Great book for those who love to zentangle, great for those just beginning as well. Easy to read, easy to comprehend the designs. I love it!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book!! I couldn't put it down. Very well written and has good flow. Never a dull page!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is fast-paced, easy to read and will certainly keep you on edge. I could not put it down except, I had to stop some times to just say, \\"Wow!\\" or to catch my breath because it had me so nervous.  I have never liked a book well-enough to write a review, so hopefully that says something! I highly recommend this book, especially to young adults. Forget Twilight, this is the strong-female lead character young women need!
1400063515|1.0|The concept of the Black Swan is an intriguing concept, and one which Taleb has exploited to his advantage throughout his life. Of this, I have no doubt. Moreover, the ideas behind the Black Swan find application in many fields outside of economics and investing. That is the main point of Taleb's book.    However, the Black Swan is not the central idea of this book. The central idea is how great Taleb is, how rich he is (rich enough, that is, not to care about a one-star book review on Amazon.com), and how clever or intelligent he is. He goes on, for page after endless page, talking about himself, to the point that the Black Swan idea itself gets lost in his self-promotion.    If he got rid of about 90% of the self-congratulatory prose, this would be a good book. It would also be much, much shorter.
B005H9B2CE|5.0|There are a lot of bad reviews out there on this film but I, myself, enjoyed the humor thrown in with such a great action film about one of many super heroes. Great movie, please go out and give it a shot!
B004U52VPS|5.0|My son loves this game.  He is 3, going on 4 years old.  He likes to build and knock down the pigs.  This is much better than having him play on a smartphone in my opinion.
B00632HWOG|3.0|you Cant read more than 10 or so emails on kindle fire. still works though. much better on my phone. could be better.
B003O86FMW|4.0|Nothing short of amazing! The author has the ability to pull you in and keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the entire story. This is definitely one of my top 3 favorite series ever!
B0063IH60K|5.0|very intuitive with multiple settings. quick to pull up. variety of card patterns. easy to customize. I really enjoy playing.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I was so excited to finally get all 8 movies in one place. I bought it on Black Friday and got an amazing deal! Very simple, no bells and whistles, just the 8 DVDs in one case. Perfect for all the Harry Potter fans out there.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I was given this case as a Christmas gift. It was easy to snap my Kindle Fire into place, ready for use. The coating has a nice soft feel and the felt interior that touches the screen adds a level of comfort that the screen will not get scratched. I had to watch the video here on the Amazon page to realize that the elastic strap can be used to keep the case closed or open, but that's probably my fault. The feature would be obvious to most people, I'm sure. My only regret is that the case does not allow you to prop up the Fire in a vertical position. Since I received it as a gift, it's hard for me to say \\"well worth the money,\\" but it is a very nice, useful accessory.
B005HSL626|2.0|I never played the fruit ninja games prior to this, but was disappointed with the lack of story or much to do.  All you do is slice your finger across the screen over and over....and over.  No levels and no real point.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|One of the best retelling of Christmas Carol.  This is one of the best retelling of Christmas Carol and it is very enjoyable for the young ones.  The Muppets never seem to get old.  God Bless Jim Henson and all his wonderful creations.
B005RAO0GS|5.0|the title of this review, is actually something very close to what Bono said in trying to describe Bjork's voice - yes, he meant it entirely as a compliment as do I and obviously could not have expressed the sentiment any better. Florence's voice has this otherworldly quality to it that makes me wish I had bigger words to describe it; \\"haunting\\" will be well overused by the time anyone would bother to read this review.<br /><br />She could sing the phone book and I would stop to listen.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|takes the hassle out of connecting to wi-fi networks.  best app so far and I think it is a necessary tool for your kindle fire.  thank you for this one.  sheila l
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was a book club read. But we all loved it so much we made all three the book of the month. Not a person in the club had a hard time reading all three in the month. I believe I might have read them all within the one week! Loved, loved, loved it! I cannot thank you enough for such a spectacular book.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Who knows if it's accurate but you'll feel like Egon walking around with a PKE meter. Yeah, it's that awesome. Seriously.
B005ZUR724|1.0|how about you make an available updated version before you make an update... I'll change my rating from 1 star back to 5 after its fixed.
B005DOL0R0|5.0|This unit is very easy to learn to operate.  The screen is very clear and easy to read.  There are great free books from Amazon.  I bought this unit for my wife for Christmas, and I'm tempted to order myself one in the near future.  I'm extremely happy with this unit, and I recommend it for everyone who likes to read.  The books are priced very reasonably.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Fun and enjoyable!  Helps me relax from a &quot;taxing&quot; day!  Great game for my girl who is just as geeky as her mom.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like it. I have to write twenty whole words here, which I don't want to do because this is dumb... But this solitaire is a fun app.
145551389X|5.0|I got this book for Christmas, and it is AMAZING!!! I feel like it truly opens up a window into Gaga's life that we haven't gotten to see before. The photos range from raunchy to glamorous to endearing...which is the Gaga we all know and love. If you are a true fan, this book is a must-have!
0393064476|1.0|This is not a review of this nook, but a review of the shipment. It looked like someone tried to break this hardcover book in half. Attempted to leave packaging feedback, but it would not allow me to as this book was apparently not shipped by Amazon.
B003L77FYS|5.0|I've just started watching Castle and find it is a good program.  Kind of like a modern day \\"Murder She Wrote\\"...but with a love story twist.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Got this as a Christmas present for my husband and he LOVED it.  I haven't read the books but I have seen all the movies.  My husband began reading them with our young son - the son stopped reading but my husband kept on.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|it gives more than just finding the objects. more than one puzzle per scene snd some interaction with other characters gives more dimension. good game.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|My daughter is collecting all the Disney movies on DVD so I was glad to grab this one up.  I enjoy this movie even as an adult.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game is challenging while also being very fun. you get your moneys worth, 99&cent; is cheap for this game!
0545259088|4.0|My rating: 4/5 stars<br /><br />This was the third, and last, part in the Wolves of Mercy Falls series. As always, it made me feel a little nostalgic and I nearly cried even before I started reading. After Linger, I had some high hopes for this book. I kind of expected it to be heartbreaking and I was prepared with tissues. Unfortunately, it was not.<br /><br />Forever was exciting and full of action, but I cried only once. Since there wasn't really any closure, it felt as the author left everything in the open, so it would be possible to write fourth book to this series? Maybe, I don't know. But I wasn't happy with the ending, since there was so many threads left loose.<br /><br />I was happily surprised, when some unexpected person began to help Sam and Grace. It was kind of a sudden, but it wasn't so out of the blue. I hate when something just happens, without any warning or reason. (Yeah, still mourning over Beautiful Darkness.. Sorry!)<br /><br />My love for Cole is still unwavering, though I didn't like how things ended with him and Isabel. It's the same with the whole ending: If there comes 4th book, it's pretty good cliffhanger. If this really was the last book, it's not so good ending.<br /><br />Overall, this series was a good read. I didn't feel the must to get all these books and read them right away, but they were pretty okay. Especially when I didn't like werewolves before (I like my men dead. Vampires, I mean, nothing disgusting!)! I will definitely add these to my wishlist, need to get these to my bookshelf! :)<br /><br />Love,<br />Monaliz @ Mind Reading?
B003UESJF6|5.0|I don't understand how this movie got bad reviews. This is by far one of our favorite films. It's on constant replay in our twins room and we absolutely love it. It's such a great story and incredibly funny.
B006DDO1D0|3.0|First of all, as regards the CDS, they have too few tracks.  Having multiple tracks allows people to move from one CD player to another without having to repeat parts of the book over and over again.  Many CD books track every 3 minutes.  Others have 10-12 tracks per CD.  Stephen King books  seem to track worse than most.  This is one of the worst, with only 1 to 4 tracks per CD.  Not good for those listening while driving or doing housework, etc and moving from one CD player to another.    As regards the book, it was way too long.  The interlude in Derry was interesting but long for a side story.  The love story was too long, too smaltzy and not all that interesting.  It just prolonged the agony.  As regards a what if, readers and fans of science fiction rather than horror know this has been done before.  To the chagrin of Kennedy fans, these prior works have all predicted catastrophe if Kennedy had survived, specifically nuclear war.  An outer limits episode, a proposed Gene Roddenbery Star Trek time travel movie and even a Red Dwarf(British comedy science fiction)episode all required Kennedy die to save the world.  This seems overly pessimistic, however, the truth has been forgotten.  Kennedy was becoming unpopular, which was the whole reason for his Dallas visit.  Rumors of his womanizing(which occurred to a degree that would have made Bill Clinton blush) were beginning to leak out, and the voters of the early 60s likely would not have been as tolerant as those of the 90's.  One of the women was an East German agent.  Before his assassination, Kennedy was poised for political disaster.  Afterwards, he became a martyr.  Stephen King's answer is similarly dissatisfying, and his left wing politics are definitely showing as he describes his \\"alternative\\" history.  Frankly, the ending makes the long listen hardly worth the effort.
B006PAZMMK|5.0|I generally don't listen to this type of music (the name of which is in some dispute all over the Internet, I seem to notice) but I make an exception for Skrillex. I found an earlier version of the title track elsewhere a couple months ago and I was stoked when I found out it was going to be on this EP. The other tracks are, I think, more than up to scratch, especially \\"Right In\\" and \\"Kyoto\\". I concur with an earlier review that says \\"Right On Time\\" is the weakest track. However, I felt too pleased by the rest to give the whole effort anything less than the 5-star \\"I love it\\" rating.   As far as the great controversies that are.. umm... electronic music & Skrillex... I would suggest that the skeptical download the Orchestral Suite. Dubstep/dance/electronic/etc/whatever does not usually communicate emotion so much as adrenaline to me, but I have found this artist to be an encouraging exception. The Orchestral Suite, to me, offers further evidence that there is something special going on here, because the music, a medley of Skrillex \\"choons\\", is just as some-kinda-beautiful in the new interpretation.  In other words? \\"YES!! OMG!!!\\"
B006IGZWB2|5.0|This movie is simply breathtaking - everyone should experience it. It's amazing how much things have changed - in my own parent's lifetime. I've heard a lot about this book and movie. It's with good cause. Don't ask questions - just watch it. Have a box of tissues handy and be ready to receive ample inspiration to make a change. Even one person can make a huge difference.
1451648537|1.0|Now, Issacson is talking about re-releasing this book! A 2.0 version, if you will...that Jobs was so fond of doing: Release some crap that everyone buys...then six months later, release a \\"better\\" version with a few new bells & whistles...you won't get any more of my money, Mr. Jobs!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This product is worth the wait for the whole set. Being able to watch them all at one time is the whole reason for a series of movies.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Mi point of view:<br /><br />I bought this backpack some weeks ago and I am really satisfied by its ease of use and inner space, I used to have a Lowepro Slingshot 102, and since I have now some new things I did`t have before, was in need of more space to carry all my gear, I actually have a D7000, two YN-460II and one SB-24 Flash, A Sigma 70-300 DG, Nikkor 50mm 1.8, Nikkor 18-105 VR, Four YN radio receivers and two transmitters, 32 AA Batteries, two gel sets, and all accessory I carry around with me in the Backpack, lantern, chargers, adapters, cables, manuals, cleaning instruments, first aid things, etc, you get the idea, it all fits into the backpack and I can carry it all at once in one bag, I am happy since I had my car full of all this stuff when I had the Slingshot but now I feel more organized, and when I forget something at a location its easy to remember because its place in the backpack is empty so I immediately start looking for it.<br /><br />This backpack also helps me get out faster knowing that I am not leaving something behind, because everything is in the backpack.<br /><br />Quality:<br /><br />I like the zippers, the feel very professional and I can open it fast with only one hand, not having to grab it to open it, that is a big plus for me because sometimes I have my camera in one hand and need something fast, it is also very well padded in the back, I can carry this backpack for hours while shooting as I did on the mountains an it was just as good to my back and shoulders(or better) as my previous slingshot. I don't miss being able to take my camera out while carrying the backpack, I just have my camera always out and just put it in when I don't need it. Also it is well protected in case it falls, I feel sure my camera or lenses have very good protection, just as good as Lowepro.<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />The only thing I don't like about this Backpack is its black background for the inner zippers, it is almost impossible to find my different accessories because they are almost all black, and thus indistinguishable in the black background, I think  will add a white sheet to solve this problem.<br /><br />I would also like to have a little pocket dedicated for memory cards, it doesn't have one, all pockets are big, so I had to put them all in a small box to keep them organized.<br /><br />Recommended!!istinguishable in the black background, I think  will add a white sheet to solve this problem.   I would also like to have a little pocket dedicated for memory cards, it doesn't have one, all pockets are big, so I had to put them all in a small box to keep them organized.  Recommended!!
B004XC5LP0|5.0|My dad loves this movie, along with any other natural disaster movie, and has searched for \\"Dante's Peak\\" on and off for a couple of years.  I just happened to think about checking Amazon to see if I could find it.  Amazon did have it on Blu-ray, and at the time, it was very reasonably priced.  When my dad opened his gift with many other DVDs and Blu-rays, I made sure this one was opened last.  He immediately wanted to know where I had found it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app is a very fun app.  I have really enjoyed it.  I will be looking for more apps by this publisher.
B0011NVC98|4.0|CGI is really at its finest form here, and while it's not exactly true to the poem narrative, it's close enough to spark the interest of some kids I babysit who are 6, 9, and 11.  It's dark, enchanting, intelligent, and uses a wide range of vocabulary not seen in modern film.  I was not so surprised that children and young adults enjoyed this film.  However, I was surprised to learn how much older generations enjoyed this!<br /><br />My father, 68, loves this film and has developed a fascination with CGI because of this film.  The action, story line, and sheer beauty of this film made the old curmudgeon enjoy it.  My grandparents, on the tail-end of their 80's, loved this film.<br /><br />Overall, some of the best features of this film include:<br /><br />1)  It is exciting without being overly violent. Most of the bloody stuff is in the dark and hard to make out.<br /><br />2)  It brings to life one of the greatest pieces of literature of all times and makes it accessible to everyone from an illiterate youngster to an old professor.<br /><br />3)  While there is room for improvement with some of the animation features, especially with texturizing, it is still breath-taking.<br /><br />4)  This film actually manages to be funny.  So often, humor is lost when a film based on classic lit is done, or is dumbed down to silly fart jokes, but the jokes were surprisingly good, with a broad range from low to high brow.<br /><br />I would absolutely recommend this film to anyone from age 5 to 500!
B00133KFGW|4.0|A great movie that is a enjoyment for the whole family. Robin Williams add good comedy for a dramatic movie.
B006G2ZEV6|3.0|The game seems really fun, and challenging. But it's difficult to know how good it really is when you get to level six and the demo is over. It's weird that you have to pay for it though. Please fix this game soon.
B004FOA84A|2.0|you can only play once. doesn't take very long to solve it, then there's no point in playing again once you know the outcome
B004SGWYVA|5.0|Highs school of the dead is a very good show. And I feel that it is a zombie series done right. In the past few years zombies have been getting faster and stronger and I feel that HOTD goes back to a zombie that is strong and scary with out being too strong (like i feel that i can belive in HOTD's zombies, and still be scared of them). Also i like the vice acting in this show, it has its iffy moments, but as a whole the english cast did a good job.
0385535139|3.0|Based on the reviews, I was expecting a stellar performance from one of my old time favorite writers.  Beginning showed promise, middle beyond boring with pace picking up again toward the end.  Disappointing.
B002QE3CTY|3.0|This was a very decent book.<br /><br />It was compelling enough that I finished it and am trying the second in the series, but only because they are free on my library's Overdrive lending site.<br />_____________________________________________________<br />SUMMARY<br />The book starts off very well, Thomas wakes up in a dark black box remembering absolutely nothing about who he is (other than that his name is Thomas), where he is from, or anyone he has ever known.  He remembers words and how to use them, he remembers the animals he sees and their names.<br /><br />Greeting him from his pitch-black oblivion are 50 or so boys who it turns out have the same kind of memory loss.  The place Thomas has arrived in, they've dubbed The Glade, beyond the walls surrounding it lies The Maze.  The walls move every night, the doors close, and the maze changes.  If you're caught in The Maze after hours, you're in for an unpleasant and deadly surprise.<br /><br />For the last two years, these boys have made a life for themselves, tilling, farming, cooking, cleaning, and exploring The Maze looking for a way out.  Every month, another boy arrives, like clockwork.  Supplies come as needed.  But with Thomas' arrival, things begin to change.<br />__________________________________________________<br />REVIEW<br />The writing style of this book was definitely youth-centric.  There was nothing particularly wrong with it, just indelicate prose roughly written as if trying to catch the attention of a young boy.  Nothing wrong with that, just a little lacking in my personal tastes.<br /><br />The story started off very well, as I already said, but it seemed to hit a bit of a lull for the middle third, maybe the middle half of the book.  The plot was at a bit of a standstill, the characters did not really seem to develop any further, and they were quite uncompelling.  The boys all were a bit shallow, not well fleshed-out, and just plain ordinary.  Granted, a few of them stepped out of the ordinary box and into the insane ordinary box, but they were cookie-cutter even for insanity.<br /><br />Now, the ending of the book I very much liked.  It seems like this series will be better taken as a whole than as it's parts individually.  It was a little unbelievable, a little far-fetched, but hey I like reading about that sort of thing.  Something so on the edge of reality, that it takes a little imagination and faith to keep with the story.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to the next installment of this series.e cookie-cutter even for insanity.  Now, the ending of the book I very much liked.  It seems like this series will be better taken as a whole than as it's parts individually.  It was a little unbelievable, a little far-fetched, but hey I like reading about that sort of thing.  Something so on the edge of reality, that it takes a little imagination and faith to keep with the story.    I'm looking forward to the next installment of this series.
0307292134|3.0|These are amazing books but the pictures and descriptions led me to believe that this was a better quality than what I got. The book set was of average quality (picture a regular hardcover book) with a different dust jacket. In order to justify the box set I would have at least made them leather bound or anything else would have been great.
B0015DROBO|4.0|I finally read this book because I saw the movie trailer on TV one night.  I really hate seeing movies before reading the books they were based on.  Like so many of the books on my \\"to read\\" list, this one kept getting pushed down and down when I found something I just couldn't wait to read.  Boy am I upset that I didn't read it sooner!<br />___________________________________________________________________<br />*  SUMMARY  *<br />One of the main characters, Lisbeth Salander (e.g. the girl with the dragon tattoo....also a wasp tattoo, but I digress), is a girl who was thrust into the government system of foster families and the like, never getting to experience a real childhood or experience real love.  She is distant, anti-social, and awkward.  She is also blindingly intelligent and she sees connections in stories and lives where no one else would.  She is also a private investigator, so this is quite useful.<br /><br />There are several other characters of note, but none so interesting as Lisbeth.  Henrick Vanger lost his favorite niece, Harriet, quite some time ago, and as he's retired and incredibly rich, he decides to search deeper into her disappearance.  He suspects foul play, and at the hands of a family member.  Michael Blomkvist is a journalist who has just gotten himself into quite the pot of hot water, and now his career is on the line.<br /><br />These three characters collide and out comes a big secret and an even bigger cover-up.<br />________________________________________________________________<br />*  REVIEW  *<br />The first bit of this book was a little hard for me to get into.  There were several technical words and lengthy descriptions about financial journalism/business ventures...just not my cup of tea.<br /><br />However, that being said, after the initial push I had to make to get through that part, I finished the rest of the book within a day.  It was gripping, well-written, suspenseful, mysterious, and engaging.  In your mind, you keep guessing at who YOU think \\"did it,\\" only to be presented with information later as to why that person was disregarded as a suspect to begin with.<br /><br />The characters are well-rounded and 3D.  It's great to see such fully fleshed-out character in a book these days.ented with information later as to why that person was disregarded as a suspect to begin with.    The characters are well-rounded and 3D.  It's great to see such fully fleshed-out character in a book these days.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Read the book in one day! Could not put it down! Every page left me wondering what would happen next and wishing I could help. Did not give five stars because I had to go purchase another book to find out what happens.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|We just saw the movie Rise of The Planet of the Apes on Blu Ray.  We were 15 at home facing a 120\\" screen with a THX Ultra 2 system installed.  5 stars for the movie, 1 star for the music.  Everybody noticed the same thing, the movie was terrific but the music was really bad, without theme and without any emotion.  Just a generic noise like trailer music ( big drums et orchestra efx ).  It's a shame that the composer Patrick Doyle missed a wonderful opportunity for this new franchise.  The most annoying thing is the interview of him speaking about his composition like he was the new Jerry Goldsmith.  Sorry but the movie deserves better.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|No complaints, very happy with this product.  Don't know why I didn't purchase one before. Great size and speed is perfect when on the net.
0307272702|4.0|There are lots of responses about Asians and carbs so I thought I'd share my experiences from living in Japan.  Yes, they eat rice BUT....  There is a BALANCE of foods in the average packaged lunchbox.  A serving of rice is measured, not a free for all ~ it is nutritionally CALCULATED.  They don't eat bread, cereals, pancakes, sweets, candy, ice cream etc as part of meals. Snacking is not common. Cars don't have coffee holders, people never walk and eat (except at festivals). Soft drinks are a treat and they don't seem as sweet there. Cold UNSWEETENED green tea is very very popular and is in every vending machine.  The average breakfast contains: fish, miso soup, vegetables (some steamed and some pickles), green tea, rice, maybe egg. It's very different from what we try to pass off as food. Eating nutella chocolate spread with white bread and a glass of milk for breakfast would be incredulous to an average Japanese. That's not food!  The average lunch box is (in a variety of small portions): meat, fish, vegetables (steamed and pickled), tempura veggies or shrimp, seafood, rice balls with sea weed, sausages, meat balls, fish cakes, tofu cakes, omelet, chicken nuggets etc. All groups are represented and you are expected to EAT EVERY BITE! Veggies are not garnish.  If you Google \\"japanese bento lunch box\\" images you'll see a little box full of little portions of an eye pleasing variety of foods. Pickles lower the glycemic value of the rice. There is lots of fiber from the veggies. Oily foods and eggs are represented. But again, no sugar or flour in the box at all. No cake for dessert. Bento boxes are available for pick up everywhere - you can run to the bento store and be back at your desk in 15 minutes with a balanced meal. The meals at the grocery store and even convenience store are really good (for about $5!). You aren't left desperately searching for real food on the go - it's just there for you. Food is made with care and there are so many options.  I should add,I lost 30 pounds after living in Japan for 2 years.  It also helped that there was no Tim Horton's with rows and rows of crack sugar to temp me. And cookies are individually wrapped so you'll look like a real tool unwrapping a dozen of them at a time. People eat meals instead of snacks all day. In short, they don't live on a refined carb roller coaster because they eat a balanced diet that they've been eating for thousands of years (we shouldn't just look at their diet for the brief period after WWII because that's not the real picture).   It's also a mixed bag that the working culture doesn't leave much time for watching tv and snacking.  There are so many nuances. It's hard to express them all in a book review.   Sadly, after I moved back to Canada, I gained back the weight plus 10 pounds within a year.  Sigh.   When I hear the Japanese diet is changing to Western style, I feel so sad. But on the other hand, it's still pretty good there!
0740748475|5.0|This Calvin and Hobbes book is great for any person who loves a good funny cartoon. The cartoon set is packed full of every cartoon ever made for Calvin and Hobbes and is a worth every penny. The set comes with a good box to hold the books which together are about 24 pounds. The binding on the books is great and will not rip any quickly and the paper is high quality and will go through a lot before it starts ripping. This is a great book for all and is a great lasting gift.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|I highly recommend this book for anyone remotely intereted in technology or if you own an apple product. It's a fantastic insight into the history of Apple. I did not find any part of the book slow or boring. It was brutally honest - I felt like everyone who was interviewed spoke freely about Jobs. He was a fascinating individual who definitely made an impact before his departure.
B004SDSSFY|4.0|Product works well on the Kindle.  However it doesn't have an option to use with Drop box...That is an issue for me...
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Great value for money.  The entire collection in one package.  Worth waiting for.  I would highly recommend this product to all Harry Potter fans.
0740748475|5.0|Purchased this for a family member for Christmas and it has been open and out since Christmas day.  Nice to hear the laughter that Calvin and Hobbes brought to the house.
B004XJRQUQ|3.0|I feel like this is one of those books that is worshipped by people who don't really read books. It had rave reviews, and it falls within my reading preferences (I love me some dystopian sci-fi), and it sounded like basically a fancier version of Battle Royale. So I got the trilogy.<br /><br />The first book is dull, dull, dull. It's especially painful to read through Katniss' struggles to survive the Hunger Games because if you have even glanced a the sequels, you already know who's going to live. Skip it, read a synopsis, and go straight to the second one.<br /><br />In the second one, nearly all the interesting things happen. Political machinations! An underground revolution! A really tortured romance subplot! When I got going in the second one, I was grateful that I'd bought the trilogy three-pack, because otherwise I would have had absolutely no motivation to continue reading. The second book made me glad I kept going.<br /><br />The third book... was mostly good. Everything runs out of steam near the end. The differences between good guys and bad guys break down, and throughout the series Katniss is never more than a tool of greater powers. The existential angst at the end made the rest of the series seem kind of pointless.<br /><br />All in all, the setting is interesting, and the characters are pretty well-fleshed out, but the ending doesn't provide any closure and the storyline isn't particularly striking. I wouldn't call it a bad book, but I'm curious what amazing work of literature all the other reviewers have been reading.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|I was looking for a book for my brand new Kindle Fire and this cover caught my attention. I have been glued to the screen since the first virtual page. This book is so much more then what is stated so far. To me it is about a boys journey to understanding his grandfathers world. While set in sci-fi, and a tiny bit slow at first, once the book picks up you will  not be able to put it down. I will be sharing this with all my 400 facebook friends and all my family. This first time author, as I heard he called by others, really hit the nail on the head with his first book. I do NOT like reviews where people describe the book for me, so I will not do that here, just know that this journey of self discovery, of hidden family secrets, and above all about love, is well worth the 7.99 price. I will look forward to reading the next book this author publishes!!
0316056863|2.0|I'm completely baffled as to why this book is so popular.  I read three-quarters of it and finally gave up on it.  It was disjointed, not funny and made no sense. I have no clue as to what the book was supposed to be about.  It wasn't a memoir, it isn't a manual on how to survive as a woman in the comedy world, it just was a bunch of weird anecdotes that didn't make sense, weren't tied together by anything, and not even entertaining.  I really like Tina Fey, so thought I would like the book, but I was very disappointed.  I have no clue why people would enjoy this book - maybe I missed something.  I wouldn't recommend it.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Puss must really be mad at those fruits! You will have fun with the new fruit ninjas, Puss! Have FUN!   .  .   v
B006C1DH92|4.0|I've played the game for several hours on my Kindle Fire, and it's a fun adaptation of the Fruit Ninja game. There is still fruit slicing action, but no \\"zen\\" or \\"arcade\\" mode. Instead of those modes, Fruit Ninja: Puss in Boots allows you to play on \\"Bandido\\" mode, which is a series of randomly selected mini games (12 games plus a final round for every time you play). The mini games are fun, and some are quite challenging, but the slicing action is not as sensitive/responsive as the original Fruit Ninja game. I estimate that the game did not react to my \\"slicing\\" about 10 percent of the time. As a result, I got poorer scores and occasionally \\"failed\\" a level. It's extremely annoying, but not worth forgoing this game altogether. Hopefully, Halfbrick will put out an update to correct the unresponsiveness. The other incredibly annoying feature - there is no \\"exit.\\" You have to back out on your Fire and force the game to quit. Seriously?!? Why not an \\"exit\\" button or a button to check achievements? (If there is a location to see your achievements and determine which one you haven't met yet, I haven't found it!) Still, if you like Fruit Ninja, it's likely that you'll enjoy this game.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I love this cd. It has made a great addition to my Christmas playlist. I listen to it over and over again.
0062011847|5.0|Every book I read by Pratchett amazes me.  Not only is it on par with his older stuff, frequently it's better. As a lifetime reader, I've been used to reading everything put out by living authors I liked only to watch them eventually start to circle the drain where their product was concerned.  I'm not here to speculate why this happens. It makes me sad, but I got used to it & moved on. I became a Pratchett fan in the early -mid 90s and I still love everything he writes almost 20 years later. That alone is amazing to me. He's smart, he's funny, he thinks deeply about what he writes, and he's one of the best living writers in the world.  Readers and thinkers will be appreciating Pratchett many, many years into the future. His name will be said in the same breath as Twain and Swift if it's not already.   I've often pondered where to recommend people start reading the Discworld series, and I've read what the author has said himself, but SNUFF decided me.  Read it.  If you like it, then you'll like Pratchett & figure out where you want to begin the series. Have fun. :)
B005OK722U|1.0|I saw this movie based on the fact that Skyler Stone is in it.  Period.  I liked Skyler in Comedy Central's \\"CON\\" and in movies \\"Waiting\\", \\"For your Consideration\\", and \\"House Broken\\".  I didn't see Hostel or Hostel 2.  These are not my kind of movies.  In fact, if Skyler wasn't in it, I wouldn't have seen THIS one.  However, after the first five minutes, I found myself watching the performances intently to see if Skyler did a good job against the other actors in his scenes.  I must say, he deserves to be in much better films.  His acting in this film compared to the other actors is great.  He is funny when he needs to be and yet his performance turns into complete terror when the moment called for it.  His performance is the only thing worth seeing in this film.  The film lost a lot when \\"Mike\\" died.  Unfortunately for the Hostel series, I don't think he will be back.  LOL!  That's too bad because movies in general need better actors like Skyler in them.  I won't see any more Hostel films, but I will be watching Skyler's next film.
B0052GACNM|4.0|This is my new favorite CD.  It's perfect to listen to anytime, especially in traffic.  A great \\"feel good\\" CD.  I love it!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|very entertaining! my friends and I love it. if your looking for a fun and great game angry birds is the one to choose!
B0063IH60K|5.0|solitaire keeps me occupied. . . but I wish there was no option for winning deals cuz its kinda tempting to use it. what's the point in playing if you use it?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Easy to use and allows access to many translations,  which is great for in-depth study. Glad for offline versions that are relevant and easy to understand. Lots of reading plans that are worth browsing.
B006AZZPCM|5.0|This app is incredible and works flawlessley. Downloads are fast and simple and you can even select your own bit rate and resolution! Works great on our kindle fire and ipod 2.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|I have read the good and not so good reviews of this cover for the Kindle fire, prior to purchasing it, so when it arrived I was cautiously optomistic; well it's a great , light (doesn't weigh a ton) cover which offers a forminable protection for my new tablet; oh did I mention that I love my tablet. I have purchased a book about using other apps for the kindle and hope that itsa little clearer than amazons instructions. I'm not a computer novice, but the process for installing apps as explained by amazon needs clarification. Enough..the cover is great and if the 'hinge' mechanisim was a little more positive it would be a five in my book.   Definitely recommend it to a friend and I would buy it again.
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love to play solitaire on the computer but now i don't have to it is great. but the only thing that i hate about it is that stupid adds keep popping up before i start each game. but other than that i love it.
B0050CJNJ2|5.0|A must for LA fans.  Great to download also.  Selections excellent and sound quality consistent.  Good price on Amazon.  DON'T MISS THIS ONE!
B004T6IBNY|5.0|one word...pinball this is great!!! I love it!!!!! this is my new favorite game!!!!!  everybody should get this game!!!.get it now
B0063IH60K|5.0|it is spectacular! It has made me good at solitaire without having to cheat! its the best game in the world!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I had this game on the D's and I realized how much I was missing it. 5 out of 5 stars for it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have this App on my iphone and my kindle and love playing! I AM ADDICTED!! I recommend this game for beginners and anyone who loves a challenge.
B004VSTP4Y|3.0|Is a rare moment when I don't enjoy a YA book. I enjoyed the other books in this series, but this one not so much. Yeah, the story was interesting enough, but some things left me feeling disappointed. It had almost no dialog, just the different characters going on and on and on. Just keeping up with the 4 different POVs and keeping up with every single thought they were having was exhausting...I just couldn't enjoy it enough. Glad I got that over with.
B0063IH60K|5.0|very fun game. I have become addicted to it. however the advertisements are little annoying, but still fun. have fun!
B000000OSW|5.0|The trance inducing sounds of African tribal drums, the wail and whine of bagpipes, and talking tabla drums of India transport the listener on a world tour with Peter Gabriel's \\"Us\\" album.<br /><br />Gabriel's quest of international beats brings together 75 musicians from around the globe to perform on this master work. Yet, the tone of \\"Us\\" strikes a personal chord with all the tracks revolving around various types of relationships, set in a menagerie of moods.<br /><br />Gabriel fans will feast on the rich harvest of of songs gathered here. Gabriel alumni contribute their usual magic: Tony Levin serves lively and distinctive bass lines, David Rhodes blends his tasteful and understated guitar work, and Manu Katch&eacute; adds his rhythm alchemy.<br /><br />The overall mood of \\"Us\\" radiates quiet composure and lacks the fire of both \\"Security\\" and \\"So.\\" By concentrating on personal relationships, the music differs from the power of Gabriel's social commentary anthems like \\"Shock the Monkey,\\" \\"Games Without Frontiers,\\" and \\"Biko.\\"  This album instead hits at our core as humans to win our attention. We move through Gabriel's catharsis and find ourselves uplifted.
B005DOKM9M|4.0|It is just was advertised, a good tablet for a fair price. Is not blazing fast but it has everything an average user may need.   I think they can create more \\"kindle native\\" applications for most commonly used apps.
B005N7CA3A|5.0|cd came in time before christmas it was fast and the cd was in the condition promised for such a cheap price.!!!
B0068MNO4S|5.0|Roland Emmerich's new film, Anonymous, is inspired by the same theory that gripped Sigmund Freud during the last dozen years of his life--that \\"William Shakespeare\\" was the pseudonym and front man of Edward de Vere, Earl of Oxford (1550-1604). When you see this film and ponder its thesis, I hope you will remind yourself that Freud was passionately intrigued by the likelihood that de Vere was Shakespeare. Before long, I predict Freud will be vindicated. The film has generated much debate, some of it acrimonious. Yet the Anonymous website has a poll showing that only 51% of visitors still believe the traditional author wrote the canon.<br /><br /> When his wife Anne pleads with de Vere to stop writing plays, he replies, \\"The voices! I can't stop them. They come to me. I would go mad if I didn't write down what the voices say.\\" This is an intriguing surmise about de Vere's creative process, as though his Muse speaks to him aloud. In fact, I suspect that some form of unusual awareness and tolerance of multiple self states plays a crucial role for some literary geniuses such as de Vere.<br /><br /> Psychoanalysts are in a unique position to elucidate the psychology of literary anonymity and pseudonymity. The evidence suggests that keeping one's authorship secret helps promote what Keats called Shakespeare's \\"negative capability\\"--keeping his own identity in the background as he created hundreds of utterly convincing characters. In a sense, Edward de Vere's most magical character of all was his pseudonym and front man, \\"William Shakespeare.\\" With some likely assistance from the man from Stratford, this character lives on for most people more vividly than does de Vere himself. Why did de Vere have to conceal his authorship? For many reasons. Nobility did not write for the common theater. They rarely published poems under their own name during their lifetime. And the plays of Shakespeare spoof many powerful court figures, and comment on various court intrigues.<br /><br />  The film has de Vere tell Ben Jonson, \\"All art is political.\\" Attributing the plays' authorship to a commoner helped conceal some of their provocative critiques. Even so, the Elizabethan theater audience as depicted in the film recognized the character Richard III as a spoof of de Vere's hunch-backed brother-in-law, Robert Cecil. They also recognized Polonius in Hamlet as a disguised portrayal of de Vere's father-in-law. Some Shakespeare scholars still admit the latter is correct, though others have backed off from this identification, since it strengthens the case for de Vere's authorship.<br /><br /> You may have read some of the vitriolic attacks on Anonymous by Columbia University's James Shapiro and others. This fierce backlash intrigues me. The academic Shakespeare establishment usually treats the authorship question as taboo. In other words, many Shakespeare organizations and publications will not even discuss it. One English professor told me it would be \\"academic suicide\\"  to research de Vere's possible authorship. A Shakespearean publication invited me to write a book review, then changed their mind once they read it, explaining that they had \\"blundered,\\" and would never publish anything by an Oxfordian (that is, someone who thinks de Vere, Earl of Oxford, wrote the works of Shakespeare).<br /><br /> Both Emmerich and Orloff admit their film takes poetic license in order to provoke and entertain. But the Stratfordians are not amused. Their over-reaction to the film is Inquisitional in its tone. We instinctively sympathize with the underdog, all things being equal. The Shakespeare establishment may have made things worse for itself by forgetting this is just a film.<br /><br /> Many of the reviews of Anonymous have panned the film because its premise is so controversial. A common theme in these critical reviews is the assumption that the Shakespeare scholars must be correct, and there is \\"no evidence whatsoever\\" that Shakespeare did not write Shakespeare.Certain premises are repeatedly asserted to be incontrovertible refutations that de Vere could be the author. You've  heard that many plays of Shakespeare are known with certainty to have been written after 1604, the year that de Vere died. But, as some Shakespeare scholars admit, we simply do not know with certainty when any of the plays were written. The conventional dating of the plays is based on Shakespeare of Stratford having died in 1616. So it was assumed he wrote roughly two plays per year, and these assumptions played a crucial if circular role in the conjectural dating of when the plays were written.<br /><br />The Sept. 11, 2014 education supplement of The Times of London published an article about the Stratfordian Gary Taylor suppressing an updated article on The Psychology of Shakespearean Biography that was requested by the former co-editors of an Italian Shakespeare journal. He seems to have pressured them to resign. The story was also covered in the national edition of The Times the following day (as well as in The Telegraph-- that story has drawn over 2,000 online comments, far fewer than this review!).<br /><br /> If you'd like to read more, my Oxfreudian website has the full text of many of my 60 publications on this topic, along with links to several other relevant websites.<br /><br />Richard M. Waugaman, M.D.<br />Clinical Professor of Psychiatry, and<br />Faculty Expert on Shakespeare for Media Contacts,<br />Georgetown UniversityCertain premises are repeatedly asserted to be incontrovertible refutations that de Vere could be the author. You've  heard that many plays of Shakespeare are known with certainty to have been written after 1604, the year that de Vere died. But, as some Shakespeare scholars admit, we simply do not know with certainty when any of the plays were written. The conventional dating of the plays is based on Shakespeare of Stratford having died in 1616. So it was assumed he wrote roughly two plays per year, and these assumptions played a crucial if circular role in the conjectural dating of when the plays were written.<br /><br />The Sept. 11, 2014 education supplement of The Times of London published an article about the Stratfordian Gary Taylor suppressing an updated article on The Psychology of Shakespearean Biography that was requested by the former co-editors of an Italian Shakespeare journal. He seems to have pressured them to resign. The story was also covered in the national edition of The Times the following day (as well as in The Telegraph-- that story has drawn over 2,000 online comments, far fewer than this review!).<br /><br /> If you'd like to read more, my Oxfreudian website has the full text of many of my 60 publications on this topic, along with links to several other relevant websites.<br /><br />Richard M. Waugaman, M.D.<br />Clinical Professor of Psychiatry, and<br />Faculty Expert on Shakespeare for Media Contacts,<br />Georgetown University
B0052GACNM|4.0|The second installmant of Bennett's series does not appear to have the intimacy of Duets I. The first version seemed more spontaneous.
3822884979|5.0|This seller was amazing. I ordered this as a gift and the product was just as described my husband is extremely happy.I am completely satisfied and appreciative!Thank You
1400069181|4.0|I received this book from a bloggers book review program and was excited to read it because I am a loyal TOMS customer.  What really surprised me was how much I learned about other things through this book.  I am a youth pastor and so part of my job is teaching, training, and leading.  This book speaks to these issues in an inspiring and effective way that left me with much to think about.  Blake's anecdotal style and childish honesty make this an enjoyable read on many levels.  This short read is well worth your time.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! Very easy to play, lots of variations in the hands dealt. So far it is my favorite Kindle Fire game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it it is just. so much fun I just want to keep. on playing it throughout. the whole day
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app....use it daily!  The Bible reading plans are great too!  Dowloadable Bible versions help in times of no wifi
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|This product met my expectations, clearly. This is a light-weight protective cover that did not compromise the sleek feel and design of my Kindle. Protection without the Bulk.
0312370849|5.0|Very Good read. Sad but interesting part of French history I knew little about. The author writes in a very moving voice.
B004BJMEO6|5.0|Watch it and you will see why I said...Brillant! The chemistry between Traci Dinwiddie & Necar Zadagen is off the hook!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Very ugly graphics on tablets... Game is OK but this is not the HD version that you are looking for
B005Z271Y6|5.0|I was completely awestruck by this concert.  No fancy pyrotechnics, dancers, light shows, video screens, just an amazing artist and her songs (and some terrfic covers).  I wish I had been there...but this is the next best thing.
B001F12J48|1.0|I bought this thinking that it would work on my new 3-D TV after reading some reviews, however it doesn't. It does come with 4 pairs of 3-D glasses but they are ancient technology and by today's standards they stink. It did also come with a regular DVD which was good.
B000WC3AJE|5.0|What I can say of this Set? Stars like Elizabeth Taylor, Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds, Liza Minelli, Fred Astaire and many more are the host of this 3-Part-\\"Movie\\" which contains several Musical scenes from the MGM Musicals from their beginning sound era and we hear and see a early version of the world famous \\"Singing in the rain\\", performed by Ukelele Ike, to Judy Garlands versions to Gene Kelly's.<br /><br />We also see alternate camera angle /behind the Scenes of Eleanor Powell amazing tap dancing \\"Broadway Rhythm\\" (which is in my mind very interesting).<br /><br />Ok, I have seen those critics who owned before the laser disc. Myself I never had the Laser Disc but I'm very happy with this \\"That's Entertainment\\"-Set.<br /><br />Sound of course is english and contains english subtitles!!!<br /><br />For Fans of MGM musicals its a must have it!!!<br /><br />Blu-Ray Disc is Codefree!!!<br /><br />Alternate there is also available a 6-CD-Box-Set with the songs incl. Overture/End-Title, alternative/extented versions like \\"Swinging Mr. Mendelsohn\\" of Judy Garland from \\"Everybody Sings\\" and on Disc 6 which is fulloaded with alternate / rare outtakes like Jane Powell for \\"The Student Prince\\" (her part got later Ann Blyth).
B0052UZIFA|3.0|too short the levels there suppose to be more levels in this game please update this game there should be more levels
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a very challenging game though it is a bit on the short side. I would recommend it only if you want to try and get every achievement.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like this solitaire app. It is a pretty solid one. I don't really have any complaints. I would recommend it.
0446547654|5.0|The Best Of Me\\" by Nicholas Sparks is a love story between  high school sweethearts Dawson Cole & Amanda Collier who get torn apart, only to get reunited 20 years later after death of Tuck Hostetler, causing the old feelings they had for one another all those year, to appear.  Causing conflict, tension between the two couple.  I have been wanting read this book from the moment it came out and I finally got it for my birthday, back in November.  Once again, Nicholas Sparks created another amazing story. It had conflict, suspense, action and crime added to it. I loved the fact that the novel wasn't only about romance but also had  danger added to it, like when his cousin tried to kill him, even after so many years had passed.  Second, It always kept me wondering what's going to happen next, especially after Dawson keep seeing that man after an explosion of the Oil Rig, he kept saving his life over again and I kept wanting to find out who it was. It was a shock to me once it was revealed that it was the doctor he accidently killed.<br /><br />I love how in the last couple novels, Nicholas put dangerous twist in novels.  I loved the part about Amanda's son and it made me cry, made me feel scared, I could actually imagine what she was going through her mind. I like all those twists, it was because of twist and the attraction, relationship between Amanda & Dawson keeps my attention the entire time.  This novel was hard for me to put down from moment I picked it up, the only reason I did was because I had study, otherwise I would spend hours reading it.  The different point of views fit this novel very well.  I could tell that Amanda & Dawson love each other even after so many years passed, I had a feeling that they always would.  I would recommend this book to everyone who loves romance, action with some suspense added to it. I can't wait to see what Nicholas Sparks will come up with next; I always look forward to his novels. In all the years I been reading his novels, there hasn't been a single one I didn't enjoy.n't been a single one I didn't enjoy.
0740748475|4.0|This is a beautifully presented collection of Calvin and Hobbes.  Each cartoon is full sized and includes the date it was published.  Others have commented that the binding isn't robust.  It appears that my copy has stitched binding and I've had no problems so far... still, with books this size you can never afford to be rough.  A joy to read.
B0064T6LV8|5.0|this is an amazing app. it works very well on my new kindle fire.it has 3 different types of pinball and all three i love!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Best Game, the character is so cute and the game although it gets tough, it is so much fun...I never want to stop playing
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think it is good but some of the games on the 101 game thing should be harder and some of the other games on there should be easyer
B0054JZC6E|4.0|games are ok. nothing amazing. great way to pass some time. would not pay for extras. would like to see better games and graphics
B0063GORYU|5.0|spider is very fun. it makes you think and its a great way to pass time. I recommend this to just about everyone!
B000002L9Y|5.0|A group of my friends were talking about most underated albums of all time. Everyone knows about Fleetwood Mac and their Rumors album. Or probably all their 70's albums. But Tango in the Night might be the best piece of work they ever did. It's like after five years they got all their emotions out on this album. It would be their last studio album with all 5 members and the last time they would work together for over ten years. From Little Lies to Big Love. From Seven Wonders to Isn't it Midnight. The album has magic all over it. The guitar playing is amazing. The best track of the album might not even be on it. A b side called You and I part 1. You will notice part 2 made the album. You can find part 1 on you tube. and it's worth the listen. All I can say is this is one of the best and most enjoyable albums of all time for me.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I purchased a pair of these sharpeners as \\"stocking stuffers\\" for my two sons.  I bought these on faith since I own other Smith's products.  I don't agree with those that claim the carbide notch is too aggressive; I used it on several kitchen knives and didn't see that much metal was removed.  And the ceramic notch puts a keen edge on all knives: kitchen, Gerber, Kershaw, whatever.  I plan to buy one for myself as well.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This app is so much fun. The ads aren't even that bad, in my opinion. I like the single suit because there is almost always a way to win. I've tried other spider solitaire apps and that preety much all stunk. I love this developer too. The undo and hint features are handy as well. Looking for something fun to do to make you think and kill time? solitaire sapper are for you. And if you like this version, try regular solitaire by mobility ware too! :D
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoyed playing this really really really really really really really really really really really really fun game of solitaire
B0063IH60K|5.0|I'm 15 and as a teenager I NEED to be entertained!!!!!!  This definatly does entertain me for hours. I have to say it's a great game.
0385535139|5.0|Grisham has done it again! From the very first page you are taken on a journey straight into the pages of this book. Was so hard to put it down. Really hate for it to end.
B0063IH60K|5.0|very fun time passing game.  addictive easy. fun would recommend for any one who enjoys card games great app would buy
B006JSXYPA|5.0|PLEASE NOTE: This product review is for the 3D Blu-Ray... [[ASIN:B006JSXYPA Transformers: Dark of the Moon (Three-Disc Combo: Blu-ray 3D/Blu-ray/DVD/Digital Copy)]]<br /><br />This is the way \\"Transformers: Dark of the Moon\\" was meant to be seen: in 3D!  I saw this movie in 3D at the theater and I can tell you it was a great experience.  The movie itself has some flaws, but the stereo image was simply amazing... say what you want about director Michael Bay, the man knows how to shoot action sequences!  This is one of the most entertaining 3D movies to date, and is a no-brainer for anyone with a 3D TV.<br /><br />Not only is the picture quality top-notch, but the sound is great too.  I recently watched an interview with sound mixer Greg P. Russell, and he said that the TF3 blu-ray sound mix was specifically tailored for home video release.  Anyone who owns the previous blu-ray release would agree that the sound mix is incredible.  This blu-ray will make a great demo when you show off your home theater system!<br /><br />Here is a detailed description of what is in this set:<br /><br />Disc 1: Feature Film -- Blu-Ray 3D<br /><br />Disc 2: Feature Film -- Blu-Ray<br /><br />Disc 3: Special Features -- Blu-Ray<br /><br />Above and Beyond: Exploring Dark of the Moon<br />- Rising from the Fallen: Development and Design<br />- Ready for Prime Time: Filming Across America<br />- Battle in the Heartland: Shooting in Chicago<br />- Attack of the Birdmen: Aerial Stunts<br />- Shadow of the Sentinel: Post-Production and Release<br />- Uncharted Territory: NASA's Future Then and Now<br /><br />Deconstructing Chicago: Multi-Angle Sequences<br />- Previsualizations with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto<br />- Previsualizations/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto<br />- Visual Effects with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler<br />- Visual Effects/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler<br /><br />The Art of Cybertron<br />- Autobots<br />- Decepticons<br />- Environments<br />- Weapons and Gear<br />- Ships<br /><br />The Dark of the Moon Archive<br />- 3D: A Transforming Visual Art<br />- Moscow World Premiere<br />- Birdmen Featurette<br />- Cody's iPad<br />- The Sound of Transformers: Dark of the Moon<br /><br />The Matrix of Marketing<br />- Trailers<br />- Marketing Gallery<br /><br />Disc 4: Feature Film -- DVD<br /><br />**There is also a digital copy included - both a standard digital copy for iTunes, and you can also stream the movie through UltraViolet.<br /><br />Additional Info:<br />The blu-ray is presented in 1080p high definition with English 7.1 Dolby TrueHD sound.<br />Subtitles: English, Spanish, French, Portugese<br /><br />In summary, the difference between this set and the previous release, [[ASIN:B005G4TJI4 Transformers: Dark of the Moon (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy)]], is the addition of the 3D blu-ray and a bonus blu-ray with 4 hours of new special features.visors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler  The Art of Cybertron  - Autobots  - Decepticons  - Environments  - Weapons and Gear  - Ships  The Dark of the Moon Archive  - 3D: A Transforming Visual Art  - Moscow World Premiere  - Birdmen Featurette  - Cody's iPad  - The Sound of Transformers: Dark of the Moon  The Matrix of Marketing  - Trailers  - Marketing Gallery  Disc 4: Feature Film -- DVD  **There is also a digital copy included - both a standard digital copy for iTunes, and you can also stream the movie through UltraViolet.  Additional Info:  The blu-ray is presented in 1080p high definition with English 7.1 Dolby TrueHD sound.  Subtitles: English, Spanish, French, Portugese  In summary, the difference between this set and the previous release, [[ASIN:B005G4TJI4 Transformers: Dark of the Moon (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy)]], is the addition of the 3D blu-ray and a bonus blu-ray with 4 hours of new special features.
B0063IH60K|4.0|really cool game,easy to use and it moves fast I love it . you will be hooked for hours and hours
B000O8OTNC|3.0|hello ,  how are you all . I hope your had good healthy.   it is good item and make sharpen knife cut faster and easy.   very fast delivered.  thanks so much,,,
B002WYH5N2|5.0|You need to take under consideration that they don't have 6 hours but only 2.  I LOVED the cast, they are PERFECT.  This DVD is great. It has the US end scene which I really liked. I watched it more then fifteen times without it and something was missing. That was it. It definitely added something for me.  I loved the book and the movie is different at some points, but different doesn't mean not good.   It's a nice view of the story.  Also, I Matthew Macfadyen is amazing as Mr. Darcy. I could not believe I would love him so, but he plays it so well.
1451627289|1.0|I was eager to try Stephen King. I have never read anything before and wanted to find out what all the hype is about. Unfortunately I could not read more than 25 pages. I was confused and turned off by the \\"supernatural\\" sort of plot. I guess I just don't \\"get it\\".
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|Bought this movie for my little grand daughter. We all watch it together and love the movie.   It was used and it was in excellent condition. I thank you again for being the great company that you are.
B003K16P3M|5.0|This book was one of the best and I have read a lot of books. The main enjoyable thing was how the girl was the hero. I also loved how the author created her own world and I felt like I was actually in the book, watching the story unfold before my eyes. The way Katsa grew over the course of the book showed how much Kristen Cashore loved what she was doing and created a real person when she created Katsa. This is the kind of book that is really easy to use for projects, and I would recommend it for girls aged 10-15.
B006GECE9Y|5.0|This is my top pick for browser every time I get a new device, which is about every 4-6 months. It displays the most Java and Flash content with the quickest load times. Firefox does show some sites better, but it loads slower and is sluggish compared to Dolphin.<br /><br />Overall my favorite browser on Android so far.
B005N95JA4|5.0|This  new re -release is definitely worth buying, especially for the new tracks included here in the deluxe version.  These are out takes and songs that  didn't have the  mega radio hit appeal of miss you or beast of burden.  Yet,they are still great  songs. Check out  No  Spare Parts. Good stuff !
B004DLPXAO|3.0|It's an eReader app for books you've bought from Amazon, which I'm. sure you already know. For that purpose it works. It could definitely be better though.<br /><br />Amazon needs to sync personal documents as well as purchased books. If this is a mobile platform for my books why can't all my books come over? Some may point out that personal documents have delivery fees, but that is only using Amazon's 3G and this app uses our networks. Also, why not let us target our app instead of or along with our Kindle? This would require us to be given a unique @Kindle.com email address, but it could work.<br /><br />I also want the app to sync highlighted notes / clippings from when I read on my Kindle.<br /><br />Finally, I want to be able to highlight and share quotes from my clippings like on my Kindle.<br /><br />This app works, but not better than Aldiko and definitely not better than a real Kindle.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|If you enjoy seek and find game with short storyline, your sure to enjoy this game. Not overly challenging, but fun none the less.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|There are a lot of Bible apps, but this is by far the best and it's free.<br /><br />I follow along every week at church with this app and Tweetcaster taking notes via tweet (following along if you like @ashertopia). You do not need WiFi to have this work. You can use any network. But to download the passages you need a connection. You have the option to download the whole Bible in many versions and that may work for those who don't have service or WiFi.<br /><br />I love that I can highlight passages and tweet or share on Facebook directly from the app.<br /><br />I love that audio versions are available for many translations and all you need to do is click the play button on the screen.<br /><br />I love that there are almost every translation that we could need. New versions and classics alike. And switching is easy as pushing a button.<br /><br />athe reason the app asks for permissions is because you can set up a reading plan and the app will remind you. It doesn't do anything more than send notifications.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|Very nice, one disk, has a load of deleted scenes, no special features yet.  But that'll probably come later.  The movie played wonderfully and I'm very pleased with this purchase.
B006LR0XLM|5.0|I've used this program to sync files between Android, iOS, Windows and Ubuntu Linux flawlessly. It is super easy to use and extremely useful when you just have to have a certain file. Free to use and you get 2 gigs.<br /><br />I'd like to see the storage allowance upped to compete with other cloud services, like A Drive 50 GB, Microsoft 25 GB, or Amazon 20 GB. None of those work as well though.<br /><br />Great program.
B003Y5H5HO|5.0|Stieg Larsson's posthumously popular novel brought to the screen by writer Steven Zaillian and director David Fincher. I haven't read the book or its sequels, nor have I seen the 2009 Swedish filmization of the novel. But this American version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was sheer exuberance. Fincher seems to be getting better and better. His 2007 Zodiac is just about the best film of that decade, and he seems to have found a way to further explore the themes of obsession, murder, and the inevitability of the past, with his latest movie...    to read the rest of my review and many more, please check out my website, The Panned Review.    Thanks!    (...)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is great it last forever you will be able to have fun for weeks also its the perfect difficulty level
B0064MT1QW|5.0|If letting government run healthcare (like the British system) lets Ralph Fiennes and I fall in love, then long live socialized medicine!  So romantic!
1451627289|5.0|I thought this was one of Stephen King's best novels!  Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  Highly agree with other reviews--it is worth it!
0385535139|5.0|From the top of the heap with  a silk stocking firm overlooking Chicago, to the bottom of the heap with Finley and Figg, David Zinc encounters life as he never expected it.  From handling complex international finance problems to learning the ways of two ambulance chasers on the south side of chicago who are struggling to make ends meet and who possess no particular talent at practicing law whatsoever other than bluffing their way to a payday.  Because of the brazen audacity of Finley and Figg, the trio inadvertently find themselves up against Zinc's golden firm he left in a multi million dollar lawsuit that Finley and Figg cannot possibly win. Finley collapses during opening statement. Figg has relapsed back into a rehab hospital and Zinc has never seen a courtroom and he has no evidence nor any witnesses to call. This book is cleverly written and is absolutely hilarious. I laughed out loud in bed one evening until my side ached. I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time with a book.
B0036TGSR6|1.0|Crappy movie, based on a so so book, directed by a pedophile.  Guess what Hollywood; I'd rather have suspected terrorists water boarded than have 13 year olds raped by men 30 years older.
B0063IH60K|4.0|ive enjoyed this game on my ipod touch and now I'm loving it for my kindle!! this game is a lot of fun!
B000O8OTNC|1.0|This was my second sharpener.  The first was a very small pocket stone I lost.  So, I thought this might work due to the reviews.  Maybe it does work on certain blades, but what I have found is that it does not help any of the knives I have used on this \\"sharpener\\".  As some mentioned, I did test cuts and then took a pocket knife to this sharpener and then went back for more test cuts (on regular paper).  The cuts were worse after sharpening with this product than before.  I am not trying to totally degrade this product but I just have not gotten any positive results from it.  I'm now in search of another large stone. It may be intended for more of a survival situation, or emergency.  But then again, would it help in that case?
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|This is a very nice app and well worth $0.99. It's very easy to use and fun to doodle with however, having now used it, I question whether it will realy appeal to adults as much as children. The stickers, special effects markers and scenic backgrounds will definitely please the kids. Beyond that, it provides colored pencils, markers, crayons, and paint brushes in a variety of colors, and erasures in multiple sizes. (The paint brushes offer varying sizes as well.) You get a nice group of features for a small price so there's nothing to loose with this one. I just wonder if this is the right app for adults who want a drawing/art tool.
B004XQO90E|5.0|I really liked Source Code.  The whole prospect of changing time intrigues me so this movie (I thought it was well done) has been one of my favorites.  A regular DVD is certainly fine but the Blu-ray version is even better.  What is terrific is Amazon service for items it sells and that are in stock.  Apparently living in the DFW Metro area works to my advantage.  Even before Amazon Prime, items showed up in 3 or 4 days.  With Amazon Prime - they are always here in 2 days.
0743289684|5.0|A very 'real' perspective of Muslim/Islamic life.  Sometimes painful or 'gritty' to read, but the reality of the message is made easily apparent.<br />This woman is a hero in every sense of the word and her first hand account must be respected.
B005ZUR724|4.0|bought this game for .99 bout four days ago.  Ive always enjoyed mmos for a long time but hated the idea of paying monthly fees. this games only about .99 a month though and to me is easily worth it. great game but for about three days when I try to play it tells me I need update but lead me to its app page where my only option is the open the game. ive looked around and there doesn't seem to be a way to download the update. ive uninstalled and reinstalled and its the same. great game but don't buy until gameloft fixes this problem
B006C1DH92|5.0|If you are a Fruit Ninja fan this is a must have don't worry about it being the same as the original bc it isn't. This version has all new versions of gameplay and easily enjoyable.
B001GZ6QEC|4.0|I received my product in great condition and in a fast timeline.  I look to secure other movies from this dealer
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I looked around for a couple of days before deciding on a calendar app, and chose this one because of the well-reviewed list-making feature. While the navigation between features took a little getting used to, I really adore naming all of my to-do lists and color coding everything by priority or family member. Also, calendar entries show as a number in the corner of the home screen, which is good for when I've forgotten something that's going on, although an alarm would be better. But to be fair,l (due to my rampant forgetfulness) I have alarms on my phone set anyway. :) Great app!
B004NELBPC|2.0|No mater what slideshow I choose, regardless of news story, up comes some Entourage photos. Pretty much the last thing I want to see. Otherwise it's an okay app. Fix some things and they could own this space.
B004SDSSFY|5.0|I use this app on my Kindle Fire to complete or start an assignment for school. I can now take my homework with me without having to lug a laptop with me!  Thanks for such a great app.
B0052T7I18|1.0|First off, the music is fantastic! But Rhino Vinyl is nothing but junk! I've bought albums from many different establishments and 3/4 of the Rhino Vinyl albums I buy new do not play in any of our turn tables. They skip all over the place and it's not listenable nor enjoyable. Even repurchases of the exact same album from different stores in different months have found to skip in the exact same spot. I will not be buying a Rhino Vinyl product again.
0792157435|4.0|I'm a fan of eighteen and nineteen century and Titanic is all that. I love in a movie the story and the drama but this one it bring sadness at the end because it's base on a real event were people lost their lives. This particular movie version that I bought is widescreen I didn't realize that when I bought the movie. But besides that it was like new condition and and very satisfied with the purchase. Kate Winslet it's superb in this movie she shows character, sadness, courage and fear. All those emotions throughout the movie making it entertainment and suspenseful like the rest of the cast. This movie went in theaters when I was seventeen and now that I bought it, bring me good memories. I recommend this movie if you like drama and a special love story.
0307592839|2.0|Clever and sometimes funny, but the writing is poor. The storytelling very often lacks a real point of view despite the series of first-person narratives. The stories do not delve very far into the lives of the characters, leaving their destinies hazy and generic - as one of the central character's (Rolph's) suicide. Like many of the books' events Rolph's suicide is clich because it is quickly mentioned and quickly forgotten, without letting us enter the real complexity of what might have happened. ( A French reviewer)
0545265355|5.0|Everyone that I have talked to about this trilogy has said that they loved it! I had to get it for myself! I just started reading the first book yesterday and I am nearly finished with it already. I am going to let both my daughters read it as well, when I am finished. I think that these books appeal to tweens, teens and adults alike. Very good so far!
B004UNX1LS|3.0|So far so good...video streams well but the voice sync is off a bit. It may be the wifi connection I'm using at the moment but will try again from a different connection and report back later.
B004LZFWJO|4.0|This game is quick and kind of addicting. Great little \\"time waster\\" if you have nothing else to do. I had read some bad reviews on this. Ok it is simple and easy for a kid but when you only have a few minutes to kill it can be fun.. not bad..I got mine free can't complain about that
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Excellent price. Great product. Happy to find the box set. Made the perfect gift for the wizard lovers in my life.
B0063IH60K|5.0|completely addicted! I cant stop playing and it keeps me occupied when I'm bored. I highly recommend this app if you love Solitaire.
B002DKGWSE|5.0|\\"The Last House on the Left\\" is a movie that I have watched over four times because it is just that good.  This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat and reminds you why your elders warn you, \\"Never to talk to strangers.\\"  I would highly recommend this movie for anyone who likes a good suspense movie.
B0063IH60K|4.0|very, very much fun to play and a great challenge; so very much addictive  you don't want to ever have it end.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Any Beach Boys fan has been waiting for decades for the \\"Smile\\" album to finally be released. There have been snippets, and different versions of the songs on some of the later albums and boxed sets, but nothing like this. I urge you to obtain whatever version of this release you can afford.[[ASIN:B005J29HCQ The Smile Sessions (2CD)]]
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. Great, great, great! Good updates nice features, and it free. Don't know what to tell you just download it.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|The cover does what it is supposed to do: Keep the Kindle Fire protected while not adding too much weight to it. This is exactly what I wanted and I don't share other users' view that it is too flimsy. It is lightweight, unobtrusive, and form-fitting so that it stays on quite well. I like the elastic strap, too.<br /><br />The only drawback is that the display stand is not well designed. The groove that holds the edge of the folded cover is not deep enough and does not hold it in place. It does not provide any resistance or snap-in function so that the stand collapses at minimal vibration or motion. It's ok as long it simply stands on a table. But if you use the touchscreen, you better hold on to the Kindle, otherwise it will fold up immediately.
B003B02O3C|5.0|GREAT BOOK BY ONE OF THE GREATEST AUTHORS. ONCE YOU START YOU WONT BE ABLE TO PUT THE BOOK DOWN
B000H6SXMY|5.0|After reading about many alleged problems, I was certainly apprehensive about what we might receive.  However, upon receipt, the box is of fine quality and all disks are nicely packaged in individual sleeves within a folder for each season (Note: as a precaution in light of the complaints, I immediately removed each disk and inserted a thin vinyl sleeve into the holder to prevent scratches in the future).  Although we have yet to play every disk, a sampling of disks from each season plays perfectly on all players (DVD and Blueray).  We had purchased a few individual seasons before, but this is an excellent way to have the entire set in one spot and at one price.  The informative book that comes with the set is a nice added bonus.    Not that I doubt any reported problems, but we ordered directly through Amazon and the product is perfect.
B00003CXTG|4.0|The focus of this fine film is the friendship of Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker from childhood to April 1942.  Of course, you have the girl they both love--Evelyn Johnson.  The events leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor and its aftermath are presented in typical Hollywood fashion with a lot of history tossed into this mix.  It appears that the reason given for the attack is a brief reference about Japan's oil supply being hampered by the United States.  The historians among us will have to comment on that aspect.  The battle sequences are well done.  The ensemble cast is up to the task of presenting this well-written story.  Cuba Gooding, Jr. gives the most impressive performance as Petty Officer Miller who transforms from cook to hero during the attack.  He just wanted \\"respect\\".  The scenes between him and his captain are outstanding.  Dan Aykroyd as Captain Thurman of Naval Intelligence gives a striking portrayal of someone who knew in his gut what the Japanese were planning but could not prove it conclusively to his superiors. His comments are right on.   Jon Voight as FDR gave a riveting performance.  The scene where he gets up from his wheelchair and says that America can win this war is powerful.  Mako as Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa as Commander Minoru Genda gave a human side to the Japanese naval leaders.  Yamamoto's apt comment, \\"I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant\\" is a shortened version used in this film.  The complete comment was \\"I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.\\"  The music by Hans Zimmer and There You'll Be by Faith Hill are superb.  So if you want romance, friendship, tragedy and war and have 183 minutes check out the highly acclaimed Pearl Harbor.
B0068MNO4S|4.0|I always accepted the idea that Shakespeare wrote his own plays, and considered anything to the contrary to be merely speculation not fact. So, the premise-what if Shakespeare never wrote a word, I found not to be appealing.<br /><br />Upon reading some good reviews, I decided to see it, and found it to be a high quality production and a wonderful experience. Director Roland Emmerich previously directed 2012, and Independence Day, and writer John Orloff previously wrote some episodes of Band of Brothers, and as you watch this movie you will realise this term BoB originated with Shakespeare.<br /><br />Anonymous proposes the Earl of Oxford wrote all the plays, anonymously donated them to Ben Johnson, a well known writer of the time for him to take credit. Then an uncouth illiterate actor, named Shakespeare steps in to claim the credit. The peer remained anonymous for reasons of social acceptability.<br /><br />Another reason he may have remained anonymous which I totally loved was the parallel structure between what happened in the plays, and the real life events of the courtiers and Queen Elizabeth. Cecil, the courtier villain in this movie is a hunchback (historical fact), and brother in law of the Earl of Oxford. Richard 3 in Shakespeare's play is a hunchback, so the play becomes a social satire.<br /><br />A scene where a man is stabbed through a curtain mirrors a scene in Hamlet. A usurped heir is sent to Ireland, and there is a plot to kill him, similar to Rosencrantz and Guildenstern in Hamlet.<br /><br />Emmerich's direction gives Anonymous a much grander scope. We have big set pieces, such as a rebel attack on a bridge leading to the tower of London, rowing a boat in the Thames with the London skyline looming behind, an aerial shot of a huge crowd in the snow, and visual scenes of quite unsanitary London of the time, and he evokes the period very well. For example it rains on the actor in the theater, as he recites his lines. Certain scenes play out in ways we have not scene before, particularly Hamlet's soliloquy where he holds a knife, Richard 3 as caricature, crowd interaction and participation, sweet talking bawdy ladies with Shakespeare's words. I loved this. Visually outstanding, with exquisite and intricate costumes.<br /><br />I liked the lead actors charisma and presence. He was so in character and looked older for the part that I did not recognise him till the credits. Rhys Ifans starred in Notting Hill, and Pirate Radio. He does a terrific job, perhaps his best work, as does the actor who plays Johnson. There is a particular scene between the two of them at the end that makes me tear up even as I write. Derek Jacobi, begins and ends the movie opening and closing the premise.<br /><br />Vanessa Redgrave plays the doddering confused queen, and her daughter Joely Richardson plays her younger self, who has a torrid affair with the Earl of Oxford when she was young, producing an illicit heir. The queen has several torrid affairs which become part of the plot of succession. Shakespeare was played by Rafe Spall, son of Timothy Spall, who you have probably seen in several movies.<br /><br />If the screenwriter was hoping to persuade me, he certainly made me think. Perhaps he goes too overboard with Shakespeare having a unique form of illiteracy, he can read words and memorise them but he can't write, and yet he is a scheming manipulative lout, a criminal, a drunkard, a successful entrepreneur, and a sociopath. Asked to speak to a crowd he stumbles inarticulately over his words. If Shakespeare was as inarticulate, and uneducated as portrayed, how could he have convinced anyone of his genius when he lacked the most basic skills of expression.<br /><br />If not Shakespeare, then who?<br /><br />Almost two centuries passed before anyone seriously questioned Shakespeare's authorship. It has been suggested that Sir Francis Bacon wrote these plays, but why would an already famous writer still living when Shakespeare's First Folio was published in 1623 give credit to someone else. DeVere appears to be the current favorite among conspiracy theorists. If DeVere was excluded from the court, as he is in the movie then he would not be in a position to satirise the court, or include such pointed commentary in his plays. DeVere as a child in the movie performs a piece from Midsummer nights dream for the queen. He could hardly have written it as an adult then, could he? Curiously, at times the movie appears to undermine its own premise.<br /><br />According to [[ASIN:0500281130 Who Wrote Shakespeare?]] by John Michell, 26 different candidates have been proposed as the author of Shakespeare.  I consider this an outstanding and well researched book, which lists all the candidates, and argues pro and con without taking sides, and is a good source of facts including Jonson's eulogy, and details about the Bard's will.  Another book available on Kindle, [[ASIN:B005HF4DYC Who Wrote Shakespeare?]] by James Shapiro argues the established view, and rebuts alternative authorship. It's worth exploring both these books to have a more global understanding of all the issues.<br /><br />In the movie Ben Johnson proclaims sincere affection for DeVere's language skills.<br />In reality, Ben Johnson famously said of Shakespeare: \\"he would... buy the reversion of old plays,\\"but then mark not whose 'twas first: and after-times may judge it to be his...\\"On Poet Ape.<br /><br />The movie claims no manuscript written by Shakespeare survives. If you don't have evidence that Shakespeare wrote something, does that mean you have evidence someone else wrote it? You cannot infer alternative authorship from a negation, only from evidence. If you have evidence that these plays were previously written, and performed or were adapted from books, then you can verify that Shakespeare was not the originator, merely wrote a version, and credit the original source. It seems that with some of these plays, they were circulating already, and then Shakespeare wrote a version, or made his own adaptation, which then became the definitive version.<br /><br />Only 18 of the 36 plays in the First Folio of 1623, were previously published during Shakespeare's lifetime.  Eight of those 18 were published anonymously. A further 9 plays, pirated versions, previously published under the name of Shakespeare were rejected as Shakespeare plays.<br /><br />In 1619 10 plays were published in what has become known as the False Folio.  Later, in 1664 seven new plays would be published in the Third and Fourth Folios but most are rejected as Shakespeare plays today.<br /><br />Some of these plays in addition to the 1609 Sonnets were apparently published without Shakespeare's authority or consent, and quickly pulled by the publisher. In addition there were several other plays such as Taming a Shrew 1594, King Leir 1605,  First part of the contention 1595, Troublesome Raigne of King John 1591 all published anonymously but not attributed to Shakespeare.<br /><br />The Passionate Pilgrime 1612 edition initially published under Shakespeare's name was reissued without Shakespeare's name following a complaint by writer Thomas Heywood.  Only 5 of the poems published in the 1599 edition of Passionate Pilgrim are attributed to Shakespeare with certainty by Shakespearean scholarhsip.<br /><br />Undoubtedly, this movie will stimulate debate and controversy. The idea that he didn't write a single word goes too far in my opinion, it would be interesting to know for sure what he did and did not write. I do think this is one of the best movies I have seen all year.<br /><br />Wherever you stand on this, I highly recommend you see it, consider it, and form your own opinion. If you're like me, it's too tabloidy to be taken seriously, the once virgin queen now a nympho, having an illegitimate son with the real Shakespeare, and so on.<br /><br />Even if like me you do not agree with the premise, you might be surprised to discover you still love the movie.<br /><br />I think you will enjoy it, and I hope this was helpful.dy, and then Shakespeare wrote a version, or made his own adaptation, which then became the definitive version.<br /><br />Only 18 of the 36 plays in the First Folio of 1623, were previously published during Shakespeare's lifetime.  Eight of those 18 were published anonymously. A further 9 plays, pirated versions, previously published under the name of Shakespeare were rejected as Shakespeare plays.<br /><br />In 1619 10 plays were published in what has become known as the False Folio.  Later, in 1664 seven new plays would be published in the Third and Fourth Folios but most are rejected as Shakespeare plays today.<br /><br />Some of these plays in addition to the 1609 Sonnets were apparently published without Shakespeare's authority or consent, and quickly pulled by the publisher. In addition there were several other plays such as Taming a Shrew 1594, King Leir 1605,  First part of the contention 1595, Troublesome Raigne of King John 1591 all published anonymously but not attributed to Shakespeare.<br /><br />The Passionate Pilgrime 1612 edition initially published under Shakespeare's name was reissued without Shakespeare's name following a complaint by writer Thomas Heywood.  Only 5 of the poems published in the 1599 edition of Passionate Pilgrim are attributed to Shakespeare with certainty by Shakespearean scholarhsip.<br /><br />Undoubtedly, this movie will stimulate debate and controversy. The idea that he didn't write a single word goes too far in my opinion, it would be interesting to know for sure what he did and did not write. I do think this is one of the best movies I have seen all year.<br /><br />Wherever you stand on this, I highly recommend you see it, consider it, and form your own opinion. If you're like me, it's too tabloidy to be taken seriously, the once virgin queen now a nympho, having an illegitimate son with the real Shakespeare, and so on.<br /><br />Even if like me you do not agree with the premise, you might be surprised to discover you still love the movie.<br /><br />I think you will enjoy it, and I hope this was helpful.
B004JZBGWI|2.0|it was ok once you played around with it awhile but otherwise it was hard to understant maybe its just me cause I'm not very smart but I couldn't figure out how to save my notes or even find them once I did basically if you want an easy to use convienent note pad this is not it
B004XWLN20|5.0|My son is a huge fan of the series and he loves the set with all the extras. its great.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|doesnt work on my device , does not open , or shuts down at times . freezes up ,do not recommend , says compatable with tablet , but it is not
B001HN690O|5.0|Before I get to the movie, I want to mention what a great deal the bundle is.  In our house, we have blu-ray plays, DVD players, iPads, etc so the bundle of blu-ray disk, DVD, and digital copy, really makes sense.  Regardless of where we want to watch the movie, we have a copy of for each device. When you buy a movie, you shouldn't have to worry about how you'll play it on various devices and this bundle frees you from that concern. The digital copy is great when we are traveling and need to keep the kids attention occupied for awhile.  I hope they continue to do these bundles for all movies that are released.  In terms of the movie itself its quite good. Without including any spoilers, it continues the story it started in the original movie and it adds additional layers to the story by revealing some of the Panda's past (it also sets the stage for future movie(s) as well). The movie is an audio and visual experience, with great music and very high quality animation. The story is rich enough where the kids are entertained but so are the parents, which I appreciate having seen so many of these kids movies.  I highly recommend the movie because it has messages that are good for kids.
B003L20ICE|5.0|Two teenage children hunt down their sperm donor father (who gave his sperm to their two lesbian mothers so their half siblings), a 37-year-old restaurant entrepreneur with no family or emotional attachments and the father becomes an interloper, having an affair with one of the mothers.<br /><br />The drama is by turns comic, pathetic, and always realistic as we penetrate the motivations of the principals. No scene is wasted. The controlling spouse is played masterfully by Annette Bening who may have done the best performance of all.<br /><br />It's amazing watching the characters' unconscious motives unfold, especially the father played by Mark Ruffalo, who, unbeknownst to himself, wants to take over the family for himself, that is to say, take one of the mothers and adopt the children. In other words, he wants an instant family without doing any of the work. He's in for a lesson.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B000JQUZCI|4.0|This was well formatted for Kindle.  Dark, Gothic and broody at times.  Shelley can still speak volumes to readers in this novel.  Well written and and hopelessly addicted to this classic.  READ IT.
B006C1DH92|3.0|I consider this game much better than the original Fruit Ninja. The campaign is a much more enjoyable way to play. This being said... the game with randomly freeze and cause my droid to power off on its own. I wish that it didn't happen. It is very annoying to have to wait for your phone to restart all the time.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|This was a wonderful addition to my Kindle.  Well formatted and easy to read.  This author is timeless.  I will enjoy gifting this to my daughter one day and appreciate the electronic file which allows me to take it anywhere on my new Kindle.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Ive used many remote desktop apps, and by far this is the best one so far! it has all the features that you could possibly want! and how couldn't you get it when its on sale for only 99 cents! Other remote desktops cost around 30$! you wont regret this app, I promise!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|ok to kill some time. if you are really bord and you don't. have any thing else to keep busy but over all is alright. its also good for kids! good games
B005HSL626|5.0|This is WAY!! better than the ghetto version fruit slice.I love this game!!I give it a 5 star rating. IDK WHY ITS THREE AND A HALF STARS ;-))&gt;)
B0064X7FVE|5.0|Weather Channel is better than I expected! I think this is the very best free weather app you could ever ask for. The Weather Channel free app is perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|my favorite game! Everyone should play this game. there is a verity of games to choose. It is the best game ever and its free. that's the best part about it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|katniss is a wonderful young woman, earning for her family, even if the society frowns upon how she is doing it. hunting in the fields said to have had a fence surrounding it. Katniss makes sacrifices that bring her to met new people, try new things, learn secrets of the society, and learn  that true meaning of love means that you may have to sacrifice your beliefs, and make tough decisions along the way.   suzanne collins keeps you interested the entire way through and makes you wonder what might happen next.   a tear jerking,heart wrenching read that is amazing and deserves al 5 stars. bravo suzanne colins if you are reading this   Review by eighth grade student   Mia
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this app for my kindle tire I'm only 13 and the graphics are great. I love it it is ausome
034552554X|5.0|The Language of Flowers was recommended to me by someone who knew that I grew up in the foster care system.  At ten years old, Victoria Jones is placed in a foster home where for the first time in her life, she is mothered by someone who loves her and it takes many stops and starts before she can trust that she is loved.  In some ways, I found Victoria Jones a relatable character.  As an unmothered mother, I was so unsure of my capabilities.  I would look too long at other mothers -- studying them, trying to learn the little rituals that happen between mothers and their children.  I found my way, as mothers do -- as Victoria Jones does.  I thought Vanessa Diffenbaugh captured some of the spoken and unspoken messages that are given to foster children in an honest way.  The unspoken messages were transmitted through the \\"heavy, silent burden in the actions\\" of Victoria's foster mothers.  Speaking through Victoria, she tells the story of a wounded young girl who lives her life on her own terms and dares to allow the messages of flowers to begin to heal her heart.   I really enjoyed reading this book and finished it in a span of 3 days.  I particularly liked finding out about the Camellia Network in a note at the back of the book.  It felt so good to contribute and be a part of the support that Camellia Network is providing.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|aawesome!! love it!! really fun. me like it a lot. it has many fun and entertaining games. favorite game for this device.
B005MIYI3K|4.0|Before I begin, let me first say a few things that will give you an idea of where my Nightwish bias and opinions are coming from, which, depending on where YOU stand, may help you decide whether you will like this album or not.<br /><br />I am a fan of the 'old Nightwish.'  A couple of my favorite songs are Gethsemane and Sacrament of Wilderness.  I also prefer Tarja over Anette.  I know all bands must evolve at some point, but the transition from melodic power metal into this poppier hybrid is not one I like.  I know Tarja will not be coming back and I accepted that a long time ago but I don't feel Anette was the right choice.  Having said that, I have seen Nightwish with Anette twice, and they were some of the most fun shows I've ever been to, but no one can deny that Anette simply is not at the same level as Tarja.  Some will argue that they are simply different singers and I'm comparing apples to oranges but I have seen both Tarja and Anette live and it is NOT my OPINION that Anette YELLS her way through pretty much every song.  Tarja is not perfect either, everyone knows that she loves her vibrato and can sometimes go overboard with it but at least she can SING.<br /><br />On top of the inability to actually sing, Anette is also lacking in style...  I don't care too much about her look as I do about her voice but when I tell friends about this awesome band called Nightwish and I have to tell them that the vocalist isn't the greatest, you pretty much have only looks to fall back on and Anette has made many terrible wardrobe choices...  Tarja however, is flawless in this area.  Sounding bad AND looking bad is, well...an overall BAD combination, especially when you are the face of the band.<br /><br />So that's where I stand.  Lets move on to my review of Imaginaerum.<br /><br />1.) \\"Taikatalvi\\" - When i think of Nightwish music, the words that come to mind are something like 'magical' and 'epic.'  \\"Taikatalvi\\" is a short intro track sung in Finnish that satisfies both those words.  I don't understand Finnish, but it feels magical and mysterious, with a teasing of the dark epicness to come.  I feel that this is a perfect energy builder for Storytime (which is the next track) and I would expect this to be their opener on tour.<br /><br />2.) \\"Storytime\\" - Now that the energy has been built, it is time to release it!  Probably my favorite song on the album, Taikatalvi teased you with an epic chill at the end leaving you eager to bang your head to something and Storytime now gives you permission to do just that!  This was a great choice for a single and has similar energy to \\"Bye Bye Beautiful\\" from DPP.  Anette sounds very bright and confident in this song and I have no complaints with vocals here but after watching the music video for this, I liked this song just a tiny bit less.  Once I get the image of her waving her crooked finger around and biting into an apple in slow motion out of my mind I'll like this song 100% again, lol.<br /><br />3.) \\"Ghost River\\" - If you don't care for Marco's vocals then this song probably won't be for you since he has a good size role in singing this one.  However, this is probably one of the heaviest sounding songs on the album and I like this aspect as it lets me headbang a bit more before being forced to endure the upcoming slow song.<br /><br />4.) \\"Slow, Love, Slow\\" - If there is any song I feel is incredibly misplaced on ANY Nightwish album, this one is close to the top.  It's a slow kind of bass driven jazz song and I really don't like any of it.  Anette does sing really well here but of course the real test is singing live and I fully expect her to have problems with this song.  I do feel this song is a good fit for the mysterious, dark carnival theme of this album though, in a sense that it feels like a depressing after-hours song being sung at a location where all the clowns and carnival talent gather after work.  They spend all day smiling and entertaining but when the lights go offand the rides come to a stop, there is only sadness and no positive energy.  Might not be the best description there but, either way, I think it fits this album.  Is it Nightwish?  To me...no, not at all.  This is a track I skip every time.<br /><br />5.) \\"I Want My Tears Back\\" - I like Tuomas, I really do.  He is a fantastic writer and composer but the mere title of this song tells me that he needs to start growing up.  Maybe I'm misunderstanding it but I read the lyrics too and it sure seems like Tuomas is, STILL, crying about the past.  His writing is very clever though, and really quite genius the way that nearly every line contains multiple symbols to represent those deeper meanings (not just in this song but ALL his music).  Again, fantastic writing, but personally I'm tired of hearing the whining.  Anyway, Anette sings alright and Marco sings in this one too, which is fine but I still don't care for his vocals.  On the flip side of vocals and lyrics, the music itself reminds me of \\"Last of the Wilds\\" from DPP with the bagpipes and all, though faster pace with more energy.  There is also a great segment of the song where Empuu is harmonized with the bagpipes and reminds of the old Nightwish where he would harmonize with Tuomas' keyboards frequently.  Overall pretty good song.<br /><br />6.) \\"Scaretale\\" - This one really brings out that wild, unpredictable 'dark carnival' feeling with the guitars and especially the way Anette sings it.  I'm positive that's exactly what Tuomas was shooting for and it succeeds perfectly but, at this point I'm starting to get bored of the music.  Why?  Because the music itself is nothing special.  I've been hearing the same palm-muted power chords over and over up to this point and I'm wanting something different now.  This album so far is in desperate need of some more creativity on Empuu's part...  At any point you think there could be a nice guitar solo, there are keyboards and/or orchestra instead, and this is a common thing with Nightwish music.  I'm not saying the orchestra pieces are bad, because they most definitely are not.  Again, Tuomas is a very good at what he does and much of it seems like it could be in fantasy magic type movies, but let Empuu have some freedom once and a while...<br /><br />7.) \\"Arabesque\\" - Just as I got done thinking that a lot of this music sounds like it's a score for a movie, track 7 here solidifies that thought as a fully instrumental piece with lots of energy and epic feel.  The bad part about this song is that it is short!  It ends leaving me wanting more...which, I will not get when track 8 begins...<br /><br />8.) \\"Turns Loose the Mermaids\\" - Another slow song sung by Anette but thankfully not as bad as \\"Slow, Love, Slow.\\"  This one has more energy, less sadness, less depression, and a more hopeful optimistic feeling to it.  Generally not a fan of the slow songs but I actually kind of like this one.  I'll skip it once and a while but tolerate it more times than not.  Kind of reminds me of \\"The Islander\\" from DPP.<br /><br />9.) \\"Rest Calm\\" - This track is heavy, slow, and epic but suffers from being repetitive.  I didn't count exactly but from memory, this is a 7 minute song and I'd say the chorus repeats at least 6 times.  On top of being repetitive, the guitar here is once again the same basic palm-muted power chords I've heard before.  Overall it's a nice slow head banger and the orchestra in the back is awesome but probably too long.  I think this song wanted to be another \\"Ghost Love Score\\" in a way.<br /><br />10.) \\"The Crow, the Owl and the Dove\\" - Another sappy Tuomas song, incorporating some acoustic and electric guitar this time.  I got the feeling that this song was confused with where it wanted to go because it has a bit of everything in it.  It has slow parts, it has mystical parts, it has hope and redemption and odd timing...  Not sure what to think of this one.  I think it's good but I also want to skip it.  Seems like a song I haveto be in the mood for and I'm rarely in that mood.<br /><br />11.) \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" - This song opens with an insanely epic feel, the grand finale to an exciting journey where you aren't sure what will happen next.  It then quiets down with Anette whisper-singing in a way, violins in the background matching her words.  (Most songs that start out feeling epic and then quiet down like this usually end up disappointing me but it's done perfectly here, the violins maintain the energy from the intro and promise another epic segment coming up)  The pace then quickens with drums and bass and the energy begins to build again (the violins' promise being fulfilled!).  Then Empuu enters with the slamming guitar and all is well.  This song feels like a good end to the album.<br /><br />12.) \\"Song of Myself\\" - Just when you thought \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" was going to be the ride for your ears, the 14 minute \\"Song of Myself\\" takes you on one last journey which feels like one big summarization of DPP and Imaginaerum that is perfectly fit for a movie score, but...the epic music ends at about the 7 minute mark, at which point the 7 remaining minutes are spent narrating Tuomas' diary to you.  I'm sure it's a really important segment to Tuomas, but if they choose to play this song live, I really hope they skip it, because the talking parts always come across as sort of an awkward moment for the audience - I'm thinking of \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" from DPP here...awesome song, but the speaking parts I think makes everyone feel like they're no longer part of the fun of the show anymore.  Everyone just looks at their phones until the music picks up again...which happens in \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" but does not happen for THIS song.<br /><br />13.) \\"Imaginaerum\\" - A simple instrumental mix of all the songs on the album.  As I've mentioned before, much of Nightwish music feels like it belongs to a movie, this is another example of that.<br /><br />CONCLUSION - I like this album, but I have to say, for how long we all waited for it,  I am disappointed with the result.  There is a heavy focus on orchestral parts, and they are all very good, but when it comes to the metal aspect, it is very plain and uninspired.  With each new album, Nightwish is moving farther and farther away from their old self and it won't surprise me if one day Empuu has hardly any role at all.  There is very little creativity at all from the metal angle in Imaginaerum and it would be easier and cheaper to just have his guitar parts played as a backing track because it's almost as if he's not even there already anyway.<br /><br />As for vocals, these songs are very obviously tailored to fit Anette's voice and ability much better than DPP was.  I see her struggling a lot less singing live this time around, which is good for her, but doesn't exactly make her a better singer if she isn't challenged...  Oh well, I just hope she's hired a professional to handle her wardrobe.<br /><br />Overall, despite my complaints, this is a fun album and I fully recommend all fans to give it a chance.  There was definitely a ton of effort put into not only the music but the artwork and movie coming up as well and I think Tuomas and his crew deserve an award of some kind...  I myself will continue to support them and see them live because I know it will be a great time and ultimately result in them being able to provide more fun times and memories for me and all fans in the future.nitely are not.  Again, Tuomas is a very good at what he does and much of it seems like it could be in fantasy magic type movies, but let Empuu have some freedom once and a while...  7.) \\"Arabesque\\" - Just as I got done thinking that a lot of this music sounds like it's a score for a movie, track 7 here solidifies that thought as a fully instrumental piece with lots of energy and epic feel.  The bad part about this song is that it is short!  It ends leaving me wanting more...which, I will not get when track 8 begins...  8.) \\"Turns Loose the Mermaids\\" - Another slow song sung by Anette but thankfully not as bad as \\"Slow, Love, Slow.\\"  This one has more energy, less sadness, less depression, and a more hopeful optimistic feeling to it.  Generally not a fan of the slow songs but I actually kind of like this one.  I'll skip it once and a while but tolerate it more times than not.  Kind of reminds me of \\"The Islander\\" from DPP.  9.) \\"Rest Calm\\" - This track is heavy, slow, and epic but suffers from being repetitive.  I didn't count exactly but from memory, this is a 7 minute song and I'd say the chorus repeats at least 6 times.  On top of being repetitive, the guitar here is once again the same basic palm-muted power chords I've heard before.  Overall it's a nice slow head banger and the orchestra in the back is awesome but probably too long.  I think this song wanted to be another \\"Ghost Love Score\\" in a way.  10.) \\"The Crow, the Owl and the Dove\\" - Another sappy Tuomas song, incorporating some acoustic and electric guitar this time.  I got the feeling that this song was confused with where it wanted to go because it has a bit of everything in it.  It has slow parts, it has mystical parts, it has hope and redemption and odd timing...  Not sure what to think of this one.  I think it's good but I also want to skip it.  Seems like a song I have to be in the mood for and I'm rarely in that mood.  11.) \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" - This song opens with an insanely epic feel, thegrand finale to an exciting journey where you aren't sure what will happen next.  It then quiets down with Anette whisper-singing in a way, violins in the background matching her words.  (Most songs that start out feeling epic and then quiet down like this usually end up disappointing me but it's done perfectly here, the violins maintain the energy from the intro and promise another epic segment coming up)  The pace then quickens with drums and bass and the energy begins to build again (the violins' promise being fulfilled!).  Then Empuu enters with the slamming guitar and all is well.  This song feels like a good end to the album.  12.) \\"Song of Myself\\" - Just when you thought \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" was going to be the ride for your ears, the 14 minute \\"Song of Myself\\" takes you on one last journey which feels like one big summarization of DPP and Imaginaerum that is perfectly fit for a movie score, but...the epic music ends at about the 7 minute mark, at which point the 7 remaining minutes are spent narrating Tuomas' diary to you.  I'm sure it's a really important segment to Tuomas, but if they choose to play this song live, I really hope they skip it, because the talking parts always come across as sort of an awkward moment for the audience - I'm thinking of \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" from DPP here...awesome song, but the speaking parts I think makes everyone feel like they're no longer part of the fun of the show anymore.  Everyone just looks at their phones until the music picks up again...which happens in \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" but does not happen for THIS song.  13.) \\"Imaginaerum\\" - A simple instrumental mix of all the songs on the album.  As I've mentioned before, much of Nightwish music feels like it belongs to a movie, this is another example of that.  CONCLUSION - I like this album, but I have to say, for how long we all waited for it,  I am disappointed with the result.  There is a heavy focus on orchestral parts, and they are all very good, but when it comes to the metal aspect, it is very plain and uninspired.  With each new album, Nightwish is moving farther and farther away from their old self and it won't surprise me if one day Empuu has hardly any role at all.  There is very little creativity at all from the metal angle in Imaginaerum and it would be easier and cheaper to just have his guitar parts played as a backing track because it's almost as if he's not even there already anyway.  As for vocals, these songs are very obviously tailored to fit Anette's voice and ability much better than DPP was.  I see her struggling a lot less singing live this time around, which is good for her, but doesn't exactly make her a better singer if she isn't challenged...  Oh well, I just hope she's hired a professional to handle her wardrobe.  Overall, despite my complaints, this is a fun album and I fully recommend all fans to give it a chance.  There was definitely a ton of effort put into not only the music but the artwork and movie coming up as well and I think Tuomas and his crew deserve an award of some kind...  I myself will continue to support them and see them live because I know it will be a great time and ultimately result in them being able to provide more fun times and memories for me and all fans in the future.
B006DRVFRQ|5.0|Essential for anyone who reads long form articles off the web.  Easy to setup and allows you to get around dealing with heavy flash based sites online.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game brings back memories of marathon solitaire sessions with my grandmother who taught me everything i know about looking before you leap, follow through and how you can learn some amazing life lessons with a simple game of solitaire.
B005OK722U|2.0|I am not sure if we were all watching the same movie. The Cinematography is abysmal and the acting is laughable. The kills are insipid and very cost effective. I really saw minimum gore in this film to say the least. And when you find out that the subject mater revolves around a woman it just kills it. Its reguarding a person that is barely in the film. Its quite obvious this was on a smaller budget or lack there of.    I just feel like Eli Roth visually is a better director and cinematographer. This movie appears to be divided into two chunks and when you get down to the last chunk it loses momentum. The actions sequences are insipid and the explosions look CGI'ed. Watch this only if you are bored.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love this app! I really like that I can use pictures of my children as the table background and for the back of the cards. This game is also addicting. I play it all the time at work.
B005OOSPZO|5.0|Tora, Tora, Tora is a movie that portrays the life changing events of Pearl Harbor...Made in 1970, this movie does not lack the critical importance of every visual effects from that tragic day or the historical events leading up to the start of WWII from start to finish it has been captured brillantly! This is an amazing movie that will live on in Infamy!
B005KELQEU|3.0|Was not impressed with the quality of this Belkin cover/sleeve.<br />It's adequate, but could have a pocket or zipper case for cords or ear buds.
886293713X|5.0|I have used this planner for five years now.  It is the only planner I have found that has so much list space, so I don't need a separate notebook to carry around.  I use the list page for groceries especially.  Because the calendar is right there, you can see what is going on that week, who is home and who is not, whether you have someone coming over for dinner...  I don't have a lot of meetings etc. so I don't need the space I would get in a daily planner, so this size is just perfect for me.  The high-quality paper, elastic band, and pocket in the back that are typical of all Moleskine books are nice to have as well, but it's the planner/notebook set-up that keeps me coming back.
B006C1DH92|2.0|will not work on lg optimus. so I don't think It will be on my phone, until I get a new one that is.
B006KX3GXO|5.0|I take tons of pictures with my friends. Decorating and designing those pictures have been a blast. I enjoy this app while listening to Pandora. Great app. Buy this!!!!!!!
B006C1DH92|4.0|this game is really cool! very very similar to the regular fruit ninjas, if u enjoy that one you'll deffinatly love this one. it has loads of fun and keeps you intertained for hours but watch out for the bombs.....
B005OIAFQC|5.0|Following my introduction to VNV Nation back in '01 or '02 things haven't been as good as I thought they could be.  I've picked up every album so far, and outside a few revisits to Judgement most of it just sits there.  This one has a bit of life to it though and may be worth of driving to.<br />The lyrics aren't as cheesy as some, the beats on a few songs are driving.  It isn't Empires but what band doesn't grow and evolve over time?
B000F3T3CS|4.0|THIS OPERA IS ALWAYS AMUSING, BUT THE PERFORMANCE BY VILAZON MAKES IT A SUPERB VERSION! NETREBCO AND NUCCI ALSO ADD DELIGHTFUL PERFOMANCES.YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTEDWITH THIS.
0312430000|4.0|I just finished Atul Gawande's Checklist Manifesto, and as a writer, I am thinking about ways of applying the checklist approach to my writing.<br /><br />Gawande is a prolific writer, somehow finding the time alongside his surgeries and research to write excellent articles for the New Yorker and three books over the past several years.<br /><br />Oddly, though, he never even mentions the idea of applying his checklist approach to writing. He does talk about how many professionals feel that their particular speciality isn't amenable to checklists because it requires too much intuition or quick thinking or creatively or inspiration or whatever other kind of quality you might think of that seems not amenable to taming with a checklist. Of all professions, writers might be the most prone to this kind of thinking.<br /><br />That thinking is, in many ways, exactly right--and exactly why checklists are so crucial, Gawande argues. The checklist is to make sure you've ticked all the boxes for the numerous relatively easy-to-do things, freeing up your mind to deal with the really tough stuff. (In that way, it seems similar to Getting Things Done, with its emphasis on writing down items instead of carrying them around in your head.)<br /><br />And I think that writing a good news article, or feature story, or book also includes a bunch of relatively simple steps that you need to do to make it good. You also need some kind of indescribable magic to make the piece truly excellent. But the rest of the stuff should fit onto checklists. I'm going to try to figure out how best to do this, at least to compensate for my own biases and recurrent failures as a writer.<br /><br />The way that Gawande sums up the benefits of checklists, the best word to capture it is \\"resilience.\\" That's because it prevents little things from bringing down the whole endeavor--like forgetting to give a patient antibiotics before surgery--and when things do go terribly wrong, the preparation that checklists ensure can help you bounce back and save the situation. I'm always looking for more ways to build resilience, and checklists seem like a great one. (Plus, in general, I just like lists.) You can read more about these ideas on my site, Failing Gracefully.<br /><br />How checklists might work for writing, I'm not sure exactly. I've got some ideas, but need to hash them out. Wish me luck. However it goes, I'll write about it.tuation. I'm always looking for more ways to build resilience, and checklists seem like a great one. (Plus, in general, I just like lists.) You can read more about these ideas on my site, Failing Gracefully.  How checklists might work for writing, I'm not sure exactly. I've got some ideas, but need to hash them out. Wish me luck. However it goes, I'll write about it.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|Probably the best sci-fi movie I've ever seen and one of my favourites from all genres. You can take this movie as a commentary on contemporary issues or you can take it as a simple action film. Either way, it provides two hours of intense drama, action and character development.   Sharlto Copley is unbelievably comfortable in his role as Wikus van de Merwe and really portrays the character's transformation from a simple, bumbling pen-pusher to a hero. Yes, the character is heroic and you can see how, towards the end, he just grits his teeth and does what needs to be done. One the way to that stage, he is put through unimaginable (for him) circumstances, and it's heartbreaking to see him plead with the test guys at MNU HQ, to see him reaching out to his wife and just make sense of how his life has been turned upside down.    I can't imagine any other actor carrying this film like Copley has. He makes it work. The writing, editing, music and direction don't let down his efforts.   ***spoiler alert***  Given how this movie ends, I wonder how Copley will be brought back for the sequel.   ***spoiler alert***
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app. Easy access to daily Bible reading. The convenience of being able to read the multiple versions is awesome. Love the ease of being able to bookmark your location. Wonderful app for those wishing to enrich their lives.
B002ZG9846|5.0|I can't believe that I held off watching this movie because of all the reviews moaning about the blood and gore. Some review even said this took the violence a notch higher than Kill Bill. Really? What nonsense.   This movie is just awesome. I haven't read the comic book but the script, casting, acting, editing and cinematography are just brilliant. Not to forget, the selection of music is really creative. Speaking of creative, the direction is inspired and this helps the movie flow from beginning to end, scene by scene. I didn't even feel the romantic side-show was bad. What's a superhero without a love interest, right?   Anyway, if you were turned off from seeing this because of the reports of violence, give it a try. If you've seen any war film/fantasy film/historical war film/alien film this won't bother you. The action is choreographed very well and I nearly cried with joy when I saw the night vision First-Person-Shooter segment complete with the reloading animations and the \\"Commando\\" perk (FPS fans will probably get the reference). And the Good, the Bad and the Ugly soundtrack during the final act.   And when  ***spoiler alert***   Big Daddy is issuing tactical commands to Hit-Girl while being burned alive.  ***spoiler alert***  It's little touches like this that make the movie better than any superhero movie I've ever seen.   Anyway, the little girl really does deserve all the plaudits coming her way. Many complain that she should have received more screen time, but her lessened presence probably contributed to her swashbuckling persona. Aaron Johnson doesn't seem to be a favourite of the reviewers here, but he does a great job too.   I'm definitely looking forward to the sequel. I wonder who the bad guys will be this time.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|Christmas got really noisey this year.  My husband got the daughter a new stereo, and now she has enough power to blast us out of the house.  I guess that is one way to get he and out on a date night...But she had asked for music, and we made her happy.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I know i love the game, as I have played it on other devices. its tons of fun and very addictive...  unfortunately it just crashes nonstop on my new phone (nexus galaxy, running ice cream sandwich).
B003L77TZI|4.0|Christmas got really noisey this year.  My husband got the daughter a new stereo, and now she has enough power to blast us out of the house.  I guess that is one way to get he and out on a date night...But she had asked for music, and we made her happy.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|not bad for free app. don't expect chessmaster level gameplay. I would like future updates to have a rating rating to go with the difficulty slider &amp; maybe personality options for the computer (aggressive openings, doesn't trade, opening blunders, etc.)
B00192IV0O|3.0|Christmas got really noisey this year.  My husband got the daughter a new stereo, and now she has enough power to blast us out of the house.  I guess that is one way to get he and out on a date night...But she had asked for music, and we made her happy.
B005HSL626|5.0|my brothers wanted this game on my tablet and they were  really happy i got it and they never stop playing on it ang it is really fun
B0015DROBO|2.0|This book started great, I was hooked from the page one. Then at about in the middle it started to slow down and to get weirder and weirder. The end was just way over the top for me and very unbelievable. I have lived in Sweden for more over a year and love that country so I really wanted to love this book, but I did not. And I will not be reading the sequels. It may make a good base for a movie script, but in a book I am looking for more real plot.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Doesn't get any more perfect than a free game that offers several difficulties and is fun. Love the game, love the app. No complaints.
0865478570|3.0|As someone who comes from a family of translators and who has worked in translation himself, I am utterly glad that someone has come up with a book like this, an honest and passionate attempt to unveil the world of translation to the average person and spark the debate among the more knowledgeable ones.<br /><br />In attempting to write a book that covers, well, pretty much everything about translation, David Bellos has produced a comprehensive and badly needed primer full of insight, yet a not-so coherent and cohesive unity. The book is divided into 32 small sections (yes, 32), each dealing with a different aspect of translation, from the meaning of \\"meaning\\", to the alleged \\"myth\\" of literal translation, with newswires and the ridiculous sophistication of coffee-shop language somewhere in-between. Some of these sections are delightful and concisely written, others are riddled with analogies and humorous attempts that distract from the main topic, yet others are frankly repetitive or well under-developed. The result is less a piece that seems to flow from chapter to chapter, but rather something that feels at times like a collection of disparate short essays that rumble from bananas to bibles to eskimos and back to translation. While some chapters indeed perform liaisons to previous or following ones, sadly that is not the overall feeling that one gets when tackling the text.<br /><br />I guess this is the unavoidable result of attempting to put together so many different topics under a single umbrella, while trying to give equal importance to each and every single one. But my other assumption is that the book could have greatly benefited from a better editing job, which in turn would have resulted in a more 'natural' feeling to the final product.<br /><br />On the other hand, I do not necessarily agree with everything that Mr. Bellos asserts and the way he does it (but that is a whole different story). I believe he gives too much credence to his own opinions and parades them as axioms, without even considering or giving some space to alternative or critical views. The issue of 'literal translation' is a good -but no the only one- example of this. According to the author's Manichean vision, a literal translation is 'not really' a translation and is such a daunting and fictitious task that is almost not worth trying. This whole argument is sustained in a verbal and semantic pirouette, given that he later on acknowledges that it really all depends on what 'literal' and, yes, 'translation' means to you. However, he does not even bother in considering the opinion of someone who believes that a literal translation (or something close to it) is possible. It simply can not happen, period. One wonders whether he is representing the entire translation community or just speaking for himself which, based on reading his text, is quite hard to tell.<br /><br />Now, on the positive side, the book is full of pearls of wisdom and clever insights into the world of translating. I really hope that this work contributes to spreading the word on the invaluable contribution of translators all over the world, and I hope as well that next time Mr. Bellos will find a better editor.arades them as axioms, without even considering or giving some space to alternative or critical views. The issue of 'literal translation' is a good -but no the only one- example of this. According to the author's Manichean vision, a literal translation is 'not really' a translation and is such a daunting and fictitious task that is almost not worth trying. This whole argument is sustained in a verbal and semantic pirouette, given that he later on acknowledges that it really all depends on what 'literal' and, yes, 'translation' means to you. However, he does not even bother in considering the opinion of someone who believes that a literal translation (or something close to it) is possible. It simply can not happen, period. One wonders whether he is representing the entire translation community or just speaking for himself which, based on reading his text, is quite hard to tell.<br /><br />Now, on the positive side, the book is full of pearls of wisdom and clever insights into the world of translating. I really hope that this work contributes to spreading the word on the invaluable contribution of translators all over the world, and I hope as well that next time Mr. Bellos will find a better editor.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Addictive, fun and Antonio Bandares talks to me ... plus it's free today ... what's not to love???  Puss ... you are a cool cat!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Love this bag. I don't mind or even notice the amazon wording on te zippers. Fits everything you could ever need. It doesn't have a Canon logo on it so it doesn't scream steal me! Lots of padding and compartments. Zippered inside pockets have fabric flap to protect camera from zipper scratches. Most people don't recognize it as a camera bag, and it being on my back is nice for hiking and carrying a baby! Good quality too.
B004U52VPS|4.0|I got one for my 11 year old and he really likes it. It combines his 3 of his favorite things: Building, Destroying, and Angry Birds!
B006OT03BM|5.0|The 7-Disc Limited Collectorfs Edition Blu-ray Trilogy includes all three films in high definition,<br />Transformers: Dark of the Moon in high definition 3D, more than 10 hours of bonus material,<br />as well as a plaque of movie images signed by director Michael Bay. Disc specifications are as follows:<br /><br />  \\"Transformers (2 Disc Special Edition Blu-ray )\\"<br /><br />Disc 1:<br /><br />&iexcl;Feature film in high 1080p definition<br />&iexcl;Audio: English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD, French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby<br />&iexcl;Digital Subtitles: English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese<br />&iexcl;Commentary by Michael Bay<br /><br />Disc 2:<br /><br />Our World<br />&iexcl;The Story Sparks - Steven Spielberg discusses his love for the franchise and early concept art for the film. Explores how the writers adapted the cartoon into a live action movie and why Michael Bay is the perfect director for the film.<br />&iexcl;Human Allies - A look at how the actors were selected and their experiences on the set.<br />&iexcl; Fight Giant Robots - An exploration of the military training that Josh Duhamel and Tyrese Gibson underwent for their roles and the various stunts that the actors were asked to perform.<br />&iexcl;Battleground - A piece on the senior officials from the Department of Defense and Air Force who consulted on the film to give it authenticity and the key locations that the U.S. government provided access to.<br /><br />Their War<br />&iexcl;Rise of the Robots - Explores the interaction between Hasbro designers and Michael Bay to bring the toy line roaring to life.<br />&iexcl;AUTOBOTS Roll Out - Michael Bay discusses working with Chevy and its designers and the modifications that were made to the cars seen in the film.<br />&iexcl;DECEPTICONS Strike - The film's military advisors discuss the \\"toys\\" they allowed the production to borrow: F-22 Raptors, Ospreys and A-10 Warthogs.<br />&iexcl;Inside the AllSpark - ILM's digital artists discuss the challenges of bringing the TRANSFORMERS to life.<br /><br />More Than Meets The Eye<br />&iexcl;From Script to Sand: The SKORPONOK Desert Attack - An in-depth look at the making of this particularly epic and challenging scene from initial storyboarding through production and visual effects.<br />&iexcl;Concepts - Early sketch concepts of the robots.<br />&iexcl;Trailers<br /><br /> \\"Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2 Disc Special Edition Blu-ray)\\"<br />Disc 1:<br /><br />&iexcl;Feature film in high 1080p definition<br />&iexcl;Audio: English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital and English<br />&iexcl;Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese<br />&iexcl;Commentary by Michael Bay, Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman<br /><br />Disc 2:<br />The Human Factor: Exacting Revenge of the Fallen--This multi-chapter documentary<br />&iexcl;chronicles the entire creation of the film and includes interviews with the cast and crew:<br />&iexcl;Seeds of Vengeance - Development and Design - After the overwhelming success of 2007's Transformers, how do the filmmakers top themselves for the sequel?<br />&iexcl;Domestic Destruction - Production: United States - Michael Bay believes in going big: Big action and big explosions. Cast and crew are pushed to the limit as they traverse the U.S. from New Mexico to Pennsylvania.<br />&iexcl;Joint Operations - Production: Military - No other filmmaker in the world enjoys the kind of military access and cooperation Michael Bay has. Here we see just how efficient our armed forces are and the awe and respect shown by the cast.<br />&iexcl;Wonders of the World - Production: Middle East - You can't really reproduce Egypt anywhere but Egypt so off we go to Giza and Luxor.<br />&iexcl;Start Making Sense - Editing - In order to turn over the massive amount of film as quickly as possible to VFX, four editors work tirelessly in a unique tag-team approach to shape the film.<br />&iexcl;Under the Gun - Visual Effects - Revenge of the Fallen features the most complicated VFX in film history. So complicated in fact that the filmmakers were unsure they would make the deadline. The DEVASTATOR VFX alone required 83% of ILM's total render farm capacity.<br />&iexcl;Running the Gauntlet - Post-Production and Release - Working seven days a week, Michael Bay and company usher the film through sound design, Digital Intermediate color-timing and a globe-trotting whirlwind of premieres.<br />&iexcl;A Day with Bay: Tokyo--An intimate and fun all-access journey with Michael Bay as he travels to Tokyo, Japan for the world premiere of the biggest film of the year.<br />&iexcl;25 Years of TRANSFORMERS--Access an all-new featurette celebrating a monumental milestone for one of Hasbro's most successful and popular franchises.<br />&iexcl;NEST: Transformer Data-Hub--Explore conceptual artwork created by the production for 12 of the most popular AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS from the film.<br />&iexcl;Deconstructing Visual Bayhem with Commentary by Pre-Vis Supervisor Steve Yamamoto-- A series of multi-angle pre-visualization sequences allowing viewers to learn how some of the film's most spectacular scenes were created with an introduction by Michael Bay.<br />&iexcl;Extended Scenes<br />&iexcl;Music Video: Linkin Park's \\"New Divide\\"<br />&iexcl;NEST: Transformer Data-Hub--A database of some of the TRANSFORMERS characters that appear in the new film, offering users access to each robot's confidential file including:<br />&iexcl;Innovative 3D spin galleries of each robot<br />&iexcl;A timeline for each TRANSFORMERS character charting its origins, back story and design evolution from toys to animated series to comics and finally feature films<br />&iexcl;Giant Effing Movie - A very personal look at the making of the movie.<br />&iexcl;The Matrix of Marketing--An archive of the film's promotional media including trailers, posters and television spots.<br /><br /> \\"Transformers: Dark of the Moon (2 Disc Special Edition Blu-ray)\\"<br /><br />Disc 1:<br />&iexcl;Feature film in high 1080p definition<br />&iexcl;Audio: English 7.1 Dolby TrueHD, English 5.1 Discrete Dolby Digital, English 2.0 Discrete Surround Dolby Digital, French 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital, Portuguese 5.1 Dolby Digital<br />&iexcl;Subtitles: English Audio Description and English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles<br />&iexcl;The English 5.1 and English 2.0 tracks were each individually mastered to ensure optimal sound for the home entertainment experience.<br /><br />Disc 2:<br /><br />Above and Beyond: Exploring Dark of the Moon<br />&iexcl;Rising from the Fallen: Development and Design<br />&iexcl;Ready for Prime Time: Filming Across America<br />&iexcl;Battle in the Heartland: Shooting in Chicago<br />&iexcl;Attack of the Birdmen: Aerial Stunts<br />&iexcl;Shadow of the Sentinel: Post-Production and Release<br /><br />Uncharted Territory: NASAfs Future Then and Now<br /><br />Deconstructing Chicago: Multi-Angle Sequences<br />&iexcl;Previsualizations with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto<br />&iexcl;Previsualizations/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto<br />&iexcl;Visual Effects with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler<br />&iexcl;Visual Effects/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler<br /><br />The Art of CYBERTRON<br />&iexcl;AUTOBOTS<br />&iexcl;DECEPTICONS<br />&iexcl;Environments<br />&iexcl;Weapons and Gear<br />&iexcl;Ships<br /><br />The Dark of the Moon Archive<br />&iexcl;3D: A Transforming Visual Art<br />&iexcl;Moscow World Premiere<br />&iexcl;Birdmen Featurette<br />&iexcl;Codyfs iPad<br />&iexcl;The Sound of Transformers: Dark of the Moon<br /><br />The Matrix of Marketing<br />&iexcl;Trailers<br />&iexcl;Marketing Gallery<br /><br />  \\"Transformers; Dark of the Moon (Blu-ray 3D)\\"<br />&iexcl;Feature film in high definition 3D<br />&iexcl;Audio: English 7.1 Dolby TrueHD, English 5.1 Discrete Dolby Digital, English 2.0 Discrete Surround Dolby Digital, French 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital, Portuguese 5.1 Dolby Digital<br />&iexcl;Subtitles: English Audio Description and English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles<br />&iexcl;The English 5.1 and English 2.0 tracks were each individually mastered to ensure optimal sound for the home entertainment experience.h individually mastered to ensure optimal sound for the home entertainment experience.  Disc 2:   Above and Beyond: Exploring Dark of the Moon  Rising from the Fallen: Development and Design  Ready for Prime Time: Filming Across America  Battle in the Heartland: Shooting in Chicago  Attack of the Birdmen: Aerial Stunts  Shadow of the Sentinel: Post-Production and Release  Uncharted Territory: NASAfs Future Then and Now  Deconstructing Chicago: Multi-Angle Sequences  Previsualizations with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto  Previsualizations/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by director Michael Bay and previsualization supervisor Steve Yamamoto  Visual Effects with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler  Visual Effects/Final Shot Comparison with optional commentary by visual effects supervisors Scott Farrar and Matthew Butler  The Art of CYBERTRON  AUTOBOTS  DECEPTICONS  Environments  Weapons and Gear  Ships  The Dark of the Moon Archive  3D: A Transforming Visual Art  Moscow World Premiere  Birdmen Featurette  Codyfs iPad  The Sound of Transformers: Dark of the Moon  The Matrix of Marketing  Trailers  Marketing Gallery    \\"Transformers; Dark of the Moon (Blu-ray 3D)\\"  Feature film in high definition 3D  Audio: English 7.1 Dolby TrueHD, English 5.1 Discrete Dolby Digital, English 2.0 Discrete Surround Dolby Digital, French 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital, Portuguese 5.1 Dolby Digital  Subtitles: English Audio Description and English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles  The English 5.1 and English 2.0 tracks were each individually mastered to ensure optimal sound for the home entertainment experience.
B006PKQQJS|5.0|When I got this game I wasn't a fan of it. Then I gave it a chance and really enjoyed. If your looking for a great game that will keep you busy you should buy this. Worth the money.
B006C1DH92|5.0|This is actually better than the original - it has more options for play and it's a lot of fun. I keep trying to beat my best scores and lose track of time. If you enjoy Fruit Ninja, this version is definitely worth downloading. Play and graphics are great on my Kindle Fire.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|Great game! its challenging when looking for the clues but if it were easy it wouldn't be fun, i would get bored. so its great for people who want to keep their minds moving and have a little bit of patience I'm kinda impatient but still loved how some of the object were hidden so it was more challenging. good graphics and i liked that you can talk to people about the crime and crime scene. really great investigation game for my kindle fire! Although it should state how much the upgrade cost when it asks you to install it or in the details about the game.
B006C1DH92|1.0|Currently crashes on my samsung captivate. I go to start up the application, get to the loading screen, but then it crashes and sends me back to the home screen.
B0058VW36U|5.0|honestly. this game is super fun!! if your ever bored this is a good game to play... plus my sister love it to and shes 7. even my parents enjoy it. it works really well on the kindle fire. I highly encourage you to buy the full version because its just so much more fun.
0525478183|2.0|I was really looking forward to reading this book after having just read \\"Looking for Alaska.\\" Everything about this book seemed like a poor rip off of John Greens other books. The characters are one dimensional. Ben and everyone else act like they are in middle school. Quentin is self centered and only talks about Margo. Same ideas from Green's other books are used in this one: labyrinths are mentioned multiple times, Margo and Alaska are the same character, this book might as well be called \\"Looking for Margo\\" because it is the same plot. This book is just as fake as the paper towns Margo talks about. It had potential but ultimately failed.
B004RJMUJO|2.0|.....I mean at first I only had the free version to where you could only get up to 125points.... then I played the full version on someone else's phone and I was ecstatic.... then I got my kildle fire and was able to buy it for myself and I feel likes its kind of a waste of 99cents..... I guess you always want what you don't have.... I just don't think its worth it... puss in boots fruit ninjas is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better!!!!!!!
1451648537|2.0|I am not sure who to feel more angry with--Steve Jobs or the author. I am leaning towards the author. I know a great deal about narcissism. I know about the almost incomprehensible inability to connect at a deep level with others, or to be empathetic, or to think of anyone's needs but your own. Mr. Jobs was clearly short his empathy chip and had a stubborness that both served his genius and tragically, probably helped to shorten his life. We can speculate that he may have had a some form of ADHD or even cyclothymia( a form of bipolar disorder) as a number of highly successful super energetic business leaders do.  But I wonder, can this book be an even remotely accurate portrayal of who Steve Jobs was? Maybe a parallel to the author's own feelings, this book made me lose all respect for the man in spite of all he created in his all too short life. Was he so full of disdain for all the stupid inferior people he encountered that it ate him alive from the inside out?  I feel as if the author was subtley suggesting this. The book felt like a Greek tragedy in some ways, but one that never satifies, or makes the meaningful connections. What's the lesson? As I read I wondered, who could not connect with who---author or subject? Did Steve really reveal so little of himself to the author? Did so many people think so poorly of him?  The book is primarliy a series of rather disjointed and only semi-chronological stories focusing on the building of Mr. Jobs' various business endeavors, but artificially separated as if it was too much trouble for the author to write anything cohesive. I felt like I was mostly reading the uncensored minutes of Apple's business meetings, filled with Steve's wild outburts and blistering criticims of his staff. The book is also filled with technical detail beyond most of us normals and clearly not understood by the writer, who could not explain the importance of many advances. The main point in each section seemed to be what a mean, self-indulgent, unethical \\"a..hole\\" Steve was. Story after story was about the many friends and associates he betrayed, stole ideas from, humiliated, verbally brutalized--who almost always eventually lost all respect for Steve. Really? Did he hardly have one semi-permanant friend in the world?   The book felt extremely shallow and I came away feeling I had no more of an idea who Steve Jobs was than before I read the book. In fact, I now feel I may have a very unbalanced view. There are people in the world as mean and ruthless as the one the author desribes, but I doubt that Mr. Jobs could not have been as successful as he was without a number of redeeming qualities. Primarily, I don't feel the book deserves the title. Reading it made me sad and disgusted. What Steve Jobs accomplished seemed lost in the negativity. His genius was mentioned many times but was rendered much less significant in the desciption of him as a human. The various pieces of his life never came together in any meaningful way for me. People reading this book to know more about who Steve Jobs was will be sorely disappointed.
B005BGBPBG|1.0|first things first, this movie was okay. kate hudson plays her usual character (full of herself, self-absorbed, center-of-attention) the bride. let's be honest, it's not the 1st time she's played this role. then, ginnefer goodwin plays this pretty push-over best friend...i have to admit, the movie portrayed her as this sort of frail old (even though she just turned 30 in it) woman who walked funny (barely lifting her feet off of the ground, pulling her hip dancing out of pure jealousy, and all together walked with her legs far apart type of gal). her role was definitely wimpy and somewhat passive aggressive. the fact that she heard her best friend and lover being intimate together, yet still wanted to have her sexual relationship with dexter, seemed somewhat disturbing. i thought this movie was going to be cute (there were some parts which included john krasinski), but it was kind of slow going. not to mention, the whole situation was a little sick and off-putting. everyone in this movie played a sleazy role, except for john krasinki, who actually kept the movie alive. overall, it was kind of boring, and a gross situation to watch. it was hard for me to relate with ginnefer goodwin's character, because her situation was a GIVEN (everyone was too scared to admit their feelings even at the age of 30), yet it dragged on. this movie was a one time watch for me. sorry.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|if your a looking for fun this is perfect. a little hard at first but its fun makes up for shoer
B0063GORYU|5.0|MobilityWare Spider is a great app. Very easy to learn and fun to play. If you're into solitary games, this one is a must have. I definitely recommend it.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|We bought this for my 18 month old daughter and have already watched it at least 10 times. She loves this DVD. We bought the DVD from Amazon at a great price and received it very quickly. It was worth not having to drive somewhere and fight the crowds.
B004132HZS|5.0|I really enjoyed this holmes film. It was very attention holding. I can not wait until season two. I wiil continue to watch out for the next season.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I'm playing on my Kindle Fire and just love this app.  The ads are a bit annoying, but the app is free so it's not that bad.  By the way, the person who said the game is rigged must be a bad Solitaire player or maybe new to the game.  I win frequently, but still find it challenging enough to be great fun.
B005ZUR724|1.0|This game requires an update that is unavailable. at this time. I paid for the app and started my free trial, but cant play.  Seems like a waste to me.
B0036EH3WU|3.0|I ORDERED IT AND IT WAS HERE IN A FEW DAYS HOWEVER WHEN MY DAUGHTER WENT TO PLAY A SHOW IT WOULD NOT WORK BECAUSE ITS BLURAY. I ORDERED DVD BUT THEY SENT BLURAY. SENDING BACK AND GETTING A REFUND WHICH WAS VERY EASY AND NO HASSEL BUT I WILL HAVE TO HUNT DOWN ANOTHER ONE FOR HER. SHE IS SAD TO HAVE TO WAIT! IT HAPPENS.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|This watch is far from plug and play. I found the quick start manual poor. The web site link did not work. You can find everything, but waste time searching around. When you do get everything working there are some great graphs and charts to see. I downloaded my first work out, but could not down load my next or the one after that. I had a lot of trouble with the bezel. You can not do a lot with the watch unless you can scroll though the menus using a finger motion on the bezel. After trying so many things I finally phoned in for phone support. The person was helpful, but could not solve the problem. We rebooted the watch to try to do a reset and I could not get through the set up screen. The bezel simply would not work where it had worked sporatically before. I took the watch back and will consider the 305 or the timex. It could have been just a faulty bezel, but I would prefer to have a button that is more reliable.
B004XJHBCE|4.0|Works great and very handy. Useful for maximizing screen real estate and organizing your shortcuts. Unfortunately no longer needed in Android 4.0.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this is really good.  it is easy to find chapter and verse and fast.  You can choose which version you want.  You don't need to lug a book around. I have different versions when I need them.  Easy to highlight and save.
B005D0RDKW|5.0|I love the potential of blu-ray to offer high resolution audio and fill the void left by dvd-a and sacd. Unfortunately, that hasn't materialized. However, the live concert \\"movie\\" is an excellent opportunity to see and hear what blu-ray audio could be. So far I have not found many discs that wow, but the Time Machine concert is certainly one of them. It's not as tight or as \\"clean\\" as say Jeff Beck at Ronnie Scotts (which is maybe the best on blu so far) or as sonorous as David Gilmour's Remember that Night but it's Rush and it Rocks. Video is generally excellent, but I buy these for the audio and this disc doesn't disappoint. The sound is clear, the bass is strong and Geddy's voice is not buried nor is it out in front of the music. My only complaint is there is a bit more audience noise than I'd like. This is a live concert and that is to be expected and for the most part they do a great job of suppressing the audience during the music, but this was recorded in a huge venue so there is the occasional yell or whistle that makes it's way to front (no where near as bad as Rush in Rio). If you are a fan of Rush and have a system that can take advantage of the DTS HD Master Audio then you should pick this up and then crank it up. You might also want to check out the blu-ray release of Moving Pictures which is outstanding.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|Works well on my smartphone. I like it a lot and hope the rest of the game plays out well.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|My daughter asked for the twilight movies series. I got this for her for her Christmas gift. She has already watched the three movies and loves them!
B0063IH60K|5.0|game plays just like we all remember and the price is right. more convenient than actually playing with real cards.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this app is excellent for studies, class and personal reading. adding the features of the Android system makes this app an asset.  get your's asap. '
B005I6EU7U|3.0|For the kindle fire? No. As I do love the case in its self, it doesn't fit my kindlfire. I read the \\"Compatibilities\\"  and it doesn't even say kindle fire on it. The only flaw , really, is that it doesnt close. Which aggrivates me.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is a great app!  I have yet to have any issues and the games are challenging.  overall I am pleased with this app.
B005ZUR724|5.0|I love this game and was addicted as soon as I started playing it! I think everyone should try it! Especially for only 99cents! What a deal!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I just received my Kindle Fire cover by Marware and couldn't be more satisfied. It is lightweight and looks great. I have been shopping for a cover in stores and, believe me, there is nothing as nice out there! The microshell cover resembles an ipad cover. It is very sleek and streamlined. There is virtually no weight to it at all. I highly recommend this cover for the Kindle Fire.
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is easy and fun to use. I had never played solitaire before , and now I can't seem to stop playing.
B000W7JWUA|3.0|My son added this game to his Christmas list because the game is being played in a tournament format in his college dorm.  Took me a while to understand the game, but I can see why he and his friends enjoy playing the game.  Once you understand the premise of the game, you will enjoy playing too.
1423136802|5.0|No need to buy one book at a time. My daughter and niece don't want to put them down! Great series!!
B002VPE1XE|1.0|Really not sujested .... i retuned this back....there is no Jip to hold camera...seeems to be camera may fell down from the case.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|The writer of this movie may have saved the franchise by tying in real world medical issues seamlessly into the story line. For those who remember the original Planet of the Apes (Charlton Heston), there a few lines from that movie strategically used in this prequel.  Looking forward to the next movie. Did not know there were SO MANY MONKEYS in the San Francisco Area.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|really good product.  I saw taylor with my daughter (she's 21, not 12) and had an amazing experience.  I was amazed at how great she was in person. The DVD is a great replication of the speak now concert.  While she may not be the greatest singer in Nashville, she is a fabulous entertainer and I recommend this CD.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love this app, but I'm not a fan of the &quot;random deal&quot; and the &quot;winning deal&quot;. If you pick &quot;winning deal&quot;, you already know that you're most likely going to win, so it kind of takes the fun away. Other than that, great app!
B005FVA3LK|5.0|A great collection and a must have for anyone that calls thyself a fan. This made my son so happy this Christmas.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Fun game. Good passtime when too tired to read. Doesn't require much energy to win. Play it for quite a while without tiring.
086571701X|5.0|I truly enjoyed this book.  I have never heard of aquaponics before but the title intrigued me.  The book was colorful, engaging and presented a great overview of the whys, history and how-to's of the craft.  Then the author gave great, detailed advice on how to start your own aquaponics of various sizes, where to find your supplies and how to troubleshoot your system. I learned a lot and am excited to start my own aquaponics system.
0062011847|2.0|Really sad to read this.  It was mean spirited not very funny and an obvious treatise about the Nazis.  I guess the illness is affecting him.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|I've been a customer of Amazon.com since the 1990s. I think I'm probably among the longest customers, and I enjoy my experiences with them in the purchase of books, software, movies, and electronics. Overall, Amazon has been head and shoulders above other businesses in America with regard to customer service and competence.  That's why the poor performance of Kindle on Android is such a shocker. It is difficult to understand how a company that does so well in other areas of business, and which has developed its own fork of the Android OS and released its own associated hardware (Kindle Fire) could screw up the Kindle Android App so incredibly badly.  All my notes and highlights in my 648 page book? Gone.  Gone where?  Who knows? Just gone. Thanks, Amazon!  A week ago, just trying to turn pages was a phenomenal hassle, with the system hanging almost constantly. Entire pages just showed blank. Books had to be downloaded over and over and over again. Some downloads took multiple attempts, and the system gave no meaningful error message other than to tell me to \\"try again later.\\" Then, after trying and trying and trying to download a book that you have paid for, it may finally actually complete successfully and be installed on your Android device...until two days later when it turns out something is corrupted and it has to be downloaded all over again! (Try again later, try again later...)  It looks like they don't know what they're doing. It appears that the folks assigned to this particular project just can't make it happen. This is REALLY disappointing, and there is isn't really an alternative. I made what looks now to be a mistake by buying books in Kindle format and now the primary platform I use for reading is unable to function smoothly and consistently - I can't use \\"some other\\" Kindle reader on Android because there ISN'T another Kindle reader - just this one, that doesn't work.  >>>>>>>> Amazon: Get somebody who knows what they're doing!!!!! Fix this!
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|Current status: Amateur (hobby) photographer<br />Level of expertise: Intermediate<br />Camera: Nikon D7000<br />Prior experience with Speedlight Flash: None - first flash<br /><br />I got the SB-900 to improve the quality of my portrait photography, and was not disappointed.  The manual was a bit daunting, so armed with info from youtube, I bravely set off to photograph a Christmas party.  I got some wonderful photos using the diffuser (which is included with the SB-900) and with the flash angled up both 45 and 90 degrees, bouncing the light off the freshly painted white ceiling.  Angling it behind my head also got some fantastic results.<br /><br />Halfway through the proceedings, the flash started beeping, and the screen showed that it had overheated.  After ruling out that my photos weren't too \\"steamy\\" to cause flash failure, I let it cool off for a bit.  Using the built-in flash in the interim effectively proved that there isn't any going back there after using a Speedlight, so I was relieved when it cooled down enough to start working again.<br /><br />Subsequent research on youtube has shown that the major culprit may have been the type of battery I used.  I was using rechargeable Eneloops to save on buying tons of batteries, but apparently, rechargeables only give 1.2V instead of the 1.5V supplied by regular batteries, causing the internal wiring to overheat with continuous flash use.  However, the rechargeables allow for faster flash recovery times, so if you're not covering a big event, rechargeables will work fine for say, a portrait session.<br /><br />Other than that, using the TTL setting (automatic setting meaning \\"Through the Lens\\") also contributes to premature overheating, and if you switch to manual and reduce the flash power, you should not have the problem.<br /><br />The SB-900 comes with a carry case, a diffuser, a pack of gels with the holder, and a stand for use off-camera.  It also has a small diffuser and white reflector that retract into the head of the flash.  This model has lots of features that I have not yet explored, including the different auto and manual settings, the ability to work as a part of a flash system, and the zoom, which goes up to 200mm.<br /><br />The few weak spots are that the SB-900 is bulky, and if kept in the case, it won't fit in my regular camera bag, and the fact that it is quite pricey for an amateur who isn't recovering costs from customers.<br /><br />In conclusion, I would recommend this flash highly to anyone interested in improving their portrait and low light shots, or exploring the fascinating world of flash photography.  Professionals already know that it's a great flash, and we amateurs will have to do a lot of homework to learn to properly use all the features.  Youtube, here I come.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, December 28, 2011I have not yet explored, including the different auto and manual settings, the ability to work as a part of a flash system, and the zoom, which goes up to 200mm.  The few weak spots are that the SB-900 is bulky, and if kept in the case, it won't fit in my regular camera bag, and the fact that it is quite pricey for an amateur who isn't recovering costs from customers.  In conclusion, I would recommend this flash highly to anyone interested in improving their portrait and low light shots, or exploring the fascinating world of flash photography.  Professionals already know that it's a great flash, and we amateurs will have to do a lot of homework to learn to properly use all the features.  Youtube, here I come.  Amanda Richards, December 28, 2011
B006NXIO7O|4.0|Fun Fast Ride With a Solid Cast. Enjoy it for what it is; a Nikita-type revenge flick. But it is a good one. Every role is cast well and acted well. The story itself is a good new twist on a classic revenge genre, and the pace is good. Even though at first I thought they spent too much time developing the little girl [our young protagonist] after watching the movie, it was actually the perfect length.<br /><br />Fun and hard with just enough humanity in the story.<br /><br />I was actually shocked by the negative reviews here and on iTunes.<br /><br />Great flick well worth the rental.
B0055EAJ7A|5.0|Always loved Thor as a child and was excited when this movie came out. Well, it was the only movie of the year we saw twice in the theaters -- and still wanted to have a copy for ourselves. We bought this 3-disc version because we have a friend who has a 3-D TV, another friend who has Blue-Ray and we kept the HD DVD for ourselves. Very good bargain doing this and it made 3 families happy. Would do it again!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This set was perfect for me, because I wanted each movie that wouldn't take up too much space in my DVD shelf. I don't care about the \\"extended edition/director's cut/extra features/special edition\\" collections. It was just what I wanted; all 8 movies in a small, manageable case. Thank you amazon.
0061969656|4.0|Bernard Cornwell, your Uhtred of Bebbanburg has utterly charmed me once again! With the latest book in The Saxon Tales, I am once again enthralled with the courage and pure chutzpah of my favorite warrior, and once again left waiting anxiously to find out what he's going to get up to next.<br /><br />Death of Kings begins with Uhtred at home, but that doesn't remain the case for long. Never one to sit back and let events slide by, Uhtred soon finds himself chasing elusive Danes and Saxons who change loyalties more often than the wind changes direction, and he is never reticent to use his formidable battle prowess. The death of Alfred the Great, ruler of much of England around 900 A.D., sets the stage for many to try to take a throne; while Uhtred never particularly liked Alfred, he admired him and as a sworn man, vows to uphold his son Edward's claim to the throne. What follows is one of the greatest battles on English soil as men of varying degrees of integrity attempt to roust Edward, and Cornwell sews Uhtred seamlessly into the mix of actual events--so much so that I often forgot that Uhtred is a fictional character and could actually imagine him having led the armies just as written here.<br /><br />Cornwell's research is awe-inspiring, and his use of language is authentic as well, if sometimes confusing. From a dark, often unchronicled period of history, Cornwell weaves a tale that is often gruesome, brutal, and yet ultimately thrilling. I will admit that a few times the story seemed to drag a bit as Uhtred--and the reader--waited for the \\"big\\" battle between Danes and Saxons. But Uhtred's genius and arrogance saves the day once again, and this reader always finds time spent with him satisfying. This novel rates a strong 4.5-4.75 stars and a deep loyalty among those of us who just cannot get enough of Uhtred and his pre-Conqueror swagger.  Highly recommended.
B001FB55I0|1.0|The digital copy included in the set expired in April 2010.  I just purchased it for the holidays.  I would not have purchased this set if I had known.  Now that it's open it can't be returned.
B005KELQEU|5.0|Recently purchased a Kindle Touch and bought this sleeve to put it in while not in use.  Is excellent quality, consistent with the Belkin name.
B001NLKT60|5.0|So much better than the movie. Also, great introduction to the the characters. The second and third books only delve into one character. This one is just great.
B0025VLEM0|5.0|Short and sweet review:  Like the zombie genre but capable of laughing at it?  Just like laughing?  Answer \\"yes\\" to either of the above then this is a movie for you.  A great send-up of zombie movies but with a surprising streak of sweetness running throughout, this movie appeals to many people I know who would normally say \\"no\\" if asked if they like British comedy or zombie movies.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very fun and interactive its completely worth ur money the games are really fun it might take a while to unlock all the games though
B0041KKYBK|5.0|I'll keep this review short: Every American should view this film. I've done my part: I purchased 10 copies for friends and family for Christmas. Almost as an aside, I'll also say the Blu-Ray version has amazingly crisp and colorful images - the helicopter panos of New York City and Iceland are breathtaking. (The scenery, stunning as it is, is merely a bit player in this amazing story of the financial meltdown and its orchestrators.)
B005Y423ZC|5.0|This is a great dvd/cd! She sounds incredible live, as good or better than on a regular cd. It was almost as good as seeing her live in concert which I haven't yet but definitely will. Great purchase.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its wonderful and I think you guys should try it out its verryyyy fun and I think that if I like it u will too!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|its nice if you actually like the game and have patience. no problems with anything really and its super fast and so like yeah
B00004UEDQ|3.0|Gwen Cummings (Sandra Bullock) is out of control. A self-proclaimed Alcoholic and part-time drug user, she has completely destroyed her sister's wedding. After arriving forty-five minutes late as the maid of honor, making an embarrassingly bad toast, demolishing the four-layer wedding cake, and finally stealing a limousine and driving it to its destruction, Gwen finds herself sentenced to twenty-eight days in rehab. There, she begins to bond with her screwed-up teenage roommate, but finds the other people in her group almost unbearable.   Her life changes as she experiences ups and downs and faces the darkness of her own addictions, but in the meantime the movie is a little hard to love. It has a good heart and some solid messages in it, as well as a realistic view of reconciliation and recovery from drug addiction, but the laughs are very uncomfortable. The film winds up trying to be both a drama and a  comedy but winds up landing on the serious side of things. Good, but a hard watch and deeply flawed.  Parental Concerns: drug addiction and alcoholism; implied sex scenes, innuendo, brief rear nudity and some bad language (including the f-word).
0756686970|4.0|I purchased the book as a gift for my 8 year old son - a huge Lego Star Wars fan. He reads it several times a day and takes it to bed with him every night. He likes to look through it and read about the characters. He also likes to use it to look up a specific character and gain more information. It also included an exclusive Han Solo figure, which he was thrilled to receive as well. My son was thrilled with the addition of this book to his Lego Star Wars collection.
B001PPGAJE|5.0|Found a great deal during black friday, and added a classic movie to my collection.  Amazon offers some great Blu-ray deals during Black Friday and through the month of December.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great app for all the solitaire aficionados out there.  just splendid to play and spend hours on
B0013FSXT6|1.0|I mistakenly got a Blu-Ray version of this movie and have not been able to get it replaced yet.  As one of those  older, unknowing Grandmas I had no idea that the Blu-Ray thing made a difference (still not entirely clear about the difference).  Hopefully, I can get a replacement since  this was one my daughter especially wanted.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|have installed twice and both times only half the graphics show up, and for a paid app i am very disappointed.  granted its only a dollar but regardless if you are paying for something it needs to work properly
B000JQU1VS|5.0|There have been many copies and recreations of the Holmes Waton duo. (The show Dr. House comes to mind) but nothing beats the original. Even decades after these books were written the mysteries are compelling and original. The persona of Holmes keeps things lively and entertaining. They just don't make them like they used to!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|for all you people who say that the ads disrupt the game: they don't! this is a great game for nothing! I bought it and love it!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Like others, I was fully prepared to return this case after it arrived. I was hoping it would be great, but I wasn't too certain because of the reviews I read. When I opened the package I fell in love! I was wondering if this was the same case that was given such bad reviews.<br /><br />First, the material that the case is made of is GREAT. It doesn't feel cheap at all. It's lightweight, which is PERFECT because the Fire isn't all that light itself. The inside (back) of the case almost looks like a shiny plasticy material and is very smooth, the inside (cover) is a soft felt material that won't scratch the screen. The outside is my favorite because it's so soft. It feels the same as the back of the Kindle (not sure what it is exactly, but a very soft and pleasant material to hold). This case adds NO bulk whatsoever, so I can slide it in my purse easily. I probably won't use the stand feature much, however I tried it and it worked fine.<br /><br />One of the main worries I had about this case was that it was a \\"snap in\\". I was scared it would scuff the back cover of the Fire when popped into place, however it's very friendly to the Fire! :)<br /><br />I got a free trial of Prime with my Kindle Fire and payed $3.99 on Christmas day for 1-day shipping, which even got here a day before it was supposed to. Overall, I am extremely pleased and very impressed!<br /><br />EDIT! JANUARY 9, 2012<br />*After 2 weeks of heavy daily use I am STILL impressed with this case and STILL in love with it! The rubberized exterior has started to rub away a tiny bit on the bottom right corner where I always have my hand, about a quarter of the size of a dime. Other than that cosmetic issue I have had no complaints.<br /><br />EDIT! AUGUST 22, 2012<br />*This case is STILL holding up GREAT! The rubberized exterior has come off in a few spots (where my hands are, mostly) but other than that it's great! Highly recommended.
0553374842|5.0|this book is containing of such heart-rending pictures that you will want to make scans of every page to place upon your walls. this book will amaze star wars lovers of any age with its paintings, and star wars lovers of reading age with its writings. the writings are expert, and will elucidate many aspects of star wars canon and lore both. please i do implore, obtain this book by whatever legal or illegal means find your preference.
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|The product got here faster than I expected. The DVD/Blu-ray also was in a good shape. Thank you and keep the good work.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great game...love how you can put custom picture a background.  cant beat it for the price.  also dont mind tthe ads at all.
B0055SWM08|5.0|great game easy to spend a couple of hours playing abstract reasoning needed but good for all levels and skills
B006BQI1V2|4.0|Not mesmerizing, but a surprisingly good movie. Especially because - with all my respects to Tatiana de Rosnay - I didn't think that the book was that well written. What saved the book was the subject and the story concept.  Nevertheless they did an amazing job converting the book to the screen. I could sense that everybody put their heart and soul in the project. They didn't focus too much on the depressive aspects of the story. It is not as graphical as I was expecting. There is even some hope and nice characters. I enjoyed.
B0064T6LV8|5.0|I absolutely love this game! I used to play pinball on my desktop and and to find this app was exciting. It works great on my Kindle Fire, has three levels that are really cool ( there are layers in each one), the graphics are wonderful, Plus its so easy to navigate! My mom, who isn't too computer savvy, can play easily and move between levels. All unalloyed, love it!!
B0066W1AZK|4.0|I think this is a nice chess app. I'm used to playing chess against my Mac, which has 4 or 5 different kinds of chess, and this only has one kind, but that is my only complaint. It really is a good app, and the computer gives you a good challenge. I reccomend this for all chess players who like to play on the go.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|My husband and kids love comics.  THey loved the movie.  Looking forward to the Avengers coming out in the spring/summer of 2012.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|We are Buble fans, but this is ridiculous!  We love this Christmas CD and listen to it all of the time.  My family is now humming his versions of most of the Christmas songs on his CD.  Amazing music!
B0063GORYU|4.0|I love the graphics. Drag and drop features are very smooth, which allows you to make your play as fast as you want. Great game.
1426308469|4.0|My four year old grandson loved this book.  Information, a picture and a pronunciation key is listed for each dinosaur in the book.  The illustrations are of good quality and the information is interesting. I would recommend this book for young children who are interested in information about dinosaurs.
B004P4S4NM|1.0|I really don't understand the hype behind Adele, there is something about her voice that makes me cringe (and not in a good way) Chasing Pavements was good, but this is just bad, I think they overhyped this album enough and people are just eagting in up. I'll pass,try again next time Adele.
B0060YIBLK|5.0|This book is a great, enjoyable read.   Even if you consider yourself a \\"people person\\", this book can really teach you something to help you improve your conversation. After reading it, I listened to conversations around me, and related them back to this book, and after witnessing its success first hand, I can say without a doubt this book is well worth it.  Coming from such a knowledgeable and experienced source, I felt comfortable about utilizing many of the techniques put forth  in the book.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to improve their people skills, or even just learn more about how people are wired!
B00005ATQF|5.0|I went through Boot Camp at San Diego in 1967, the time frame  and the style of training was consistent with what I had to endure. As a result it was a nostalgic trip down memory lane! I loved it!
B005CMSDLE|4.0|Regardless of the less than satisfying ending, this was a great showcase of a new young actress that did an outstanding job -- I loved it! and the fact that the lead male role was played by such an incredibly hot hunk didn't hurt one bit!! Special effects were well timed and the direction of the movie was great! I was not disappointed!
B005ZUR724|1.0|Same as everyone elses posts 1 star till the update   hopfully these reviews will speed up the update. game looks great cant wait to actually play.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I like this app because I can play with my friends for free. this is the best free chess app for kindle fire. I like balls
0812979702|5.0|Any of the inner game of this or that will do,but it does not hurt that they specified it for games like golf,tennis and business and I do think that does help drive the point to what you want,given as a gift and was recommend for this golfer in mind.
B004EPYZXK|3.0|How many times is Hollywood going to do the alien in the stomach thing.  This movie was long and drawn out.  The suspense was alright, just really never delivered the big punch.  The plot was laid slowly, and was well done.  Gave it three stars due to just being a bit cheesy.  We got this out of the BB kiosk at the local market.  Glad I did not spend more then 3 bucks, it was worth that.  Happy landing.
B004ZGI1V0|3.0|Based on a 2003 French novel. The quality of the main actors and actresses pumps it up but the story is derivative and while the overall concept is somewhat intriguing the payoff just doesn't, well, pay off. The pacing on the other hand is well done so it becomes hit or miss when we are speaking of the plot and packing. The former Statis German detective is the best supporting character. I'd say the first half is more intriguing than the latter half. January Jones plays her usual cold b**ch role which is beginning to make me feel it's the only role that she can do. This film cost roughly $40M and yielded over #134M at the Box Office. CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B; PLOTTING/STORY: B minus;   ACTION/INTRIGUE SEQUENCES: B minus; OVERALL GRADE: B minus; WHEN WATCHED: yesterday.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This so much fun! My daughter has vthis app for her IPhone but I never realized how much fun it is until I downloaded for my Kindle Fire. I highly recommend getting this app...works great on the Kindle Fire!
0062011847|5.0|Pratchett's books follow a formula that works!  They are all a blast to read and combine a nice mix of fun with morality tales; this book is no exception and continues the arc of Sam Vines.  This is NOT a spoiler but for American readers after you encounter the \\"Fabulous Fanny,\\" google the English coloquial meaning...and you will understand the rest of the humor.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great time waster! If I had to complain about one thing, it would be that there's no background music. This is a fantastic and addicting free app!
1419702238|5.0|Cannot go wrong with this series of books,another Wimpy hit ,highly enjoyable read.Given as a gift,person very happy. This person has all of these books in her collection.
0439023513|3.0|I will keep this short and simple without any spoilers for those who haven't read the book. Truth is, if you have read the other two you will definitely buy and read this one. Why? Because the other two are absolutely GREAT! I finished one, immediately bought book two and then immediately bought book three because I couldn't stop reading...the only downfall is that after two great books, Mockingjay fails to impress. Not because it doesn't deliver the happy ending everybody is waiting for but rather because the author does not adhere to the same writing style and story as before. Instead, she uses the third book as blatant anti-war propaganda instead of just weaving her propaganda into the story - like she previously did in books one and two. She could have still gotten the message across without blatantly saying it. All of the sudden I felt like I was reading an essay, not the end of a trilogy. Lost the characters, lost the story. Maybe it was her intention...but it wasn't well received at all. After all that waiting, the thought that this book is the last is very disappointing.
B005ZUR724|1.0|Was really enjoying this game, until they released an update that kindle users cant get. The game is unplayable, and gameloft customer support hasn't even responded to my inquiry after 48 hours. Id go buy something else if I were you.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Funny and well acted.....sorry to know there are no more episodes to follow.....very satisfied with the picture quality and packaging ...EB
B005HSL626|5.0|this game was fun and helps increase your reaction speed. highly addictive I couldn't put it down Highly recommend. :)
B00000ICN5|5.0|The CD came at a reasonable time in delivery and I love SRV with a passion.  The CD was in great shape and I enjoy the listening pleasure always.  Christine Matthews Psychic Medium.
1609611543|5.0|After reading all the reviews I had to get this to read myself, I am still reading it,but I know something is very wrong in all of our diets,go to any mall or store and you see these people that are really really huge,and I have had a see saw of 20-30 pound struggle never thinking that it is due to the gene change of wheat and what all these manufactures are doing to the foods we consume. I would love for 20/20 to break into these manufactures homes and see what is in their cupboards and refrigderators, are they just as fat and huge too? Looking forward to altering my food intakes,thank you Dr.Davis.
B0019HQIFE|3.0|The music is fine but why do we have to put up with his periodic pontificating on his many contributions to mankind?  I purchase music DVD's to hear the tunes not the artists view of themselves or the world.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|This movie was great and my kids love it!! It was a brand new copy and came in great time.
0307949486|4.0|I read this book because I had an intrest in the movie and I have to say that it was a good book.  If there is one complaint it is that the beginning is kinda slow and I had to force myself through the first few chapters.  But that being said make sure you pay attention! The book is very good mystery and the characters are compelling.  I look forward to reading the other books in the series!
B005ZUR724|1.0|I just put money on my card only to use about w dollar for nothing. I miss pocket legends on the ipad. AT LEAST YOU CAN DOWNLOAD IT!!!!!
B003V4AK8E|4.0|I would give this one 4 and a half stars. Because of My leaky roof Oklahoma dirty rain runt My Sony controller I took the controller apart and cleaned It with alcohol but the motors that have the unbalanced weights which causes the shaking the wires came loose and It Is a nightmare to solder them back and the controller did Not work right after that so time to buy a new controller but Sony controllers are expensive so I wanted to find a good 3rd party controller. Everyone says that 3rd party controllers are junk but this controller does everything well the rubber padding Is nice It helps when Your hands are sweaty. I was playing It with Need For Speed Hot Pursuit No problem however the steering Is a little too sharp compared to the Sony controller and It does Not have turn on the system button and It will adjust so that You can only use one controller at a time but other than that It Is a great controller.
B004LUS390|5.0|This program is truly excellent for anyone who enjoys creating artwork. The features, options and the level of customizability of the brushes comes very close to replicating a few of the programs I use on my PC. SketchBook Mobile allows you to work in layers, and you can even export your work as a .PSD, which is fantastic if you decide you'd like to continue your work in PS. The program really shines when you're using a stylus, but it's still incredibly fun if you're drawing/painting using your fingers, too. I really have been extremely impressed and highly satisfied with this feature-packed app; it's a steal at its current price!
B0063IH60K|5.0|For a free app, this is great. &quot;Commercials&quot; are not obtrusive. Playing is easy and fun. I don't think you will be sorry if you download this app.
B0063IH60K|5.0|solitaire is my favotite game of all this is amazing I had no problems&iexcl;!!!!!! I hope you like it as much as I do
B0057R5XRG|5.0|Perfect.  It was shipped quickly and I would not hesitate to order from vendor again. Great buy for my money.
B0058VW36U|4.0|I love this game! I play it all the time on ipod! its a very addicting game and fun for everyone, but when you have the amazon gift card it doesn't purchase the app, you must have the credit card attachment. not to mention amazon does not have the new updates that are realesed, besides that I'd recommend purchasing it.
0439023521|5.0|I have read LOTS of books, and this book comes first by far.  The main characters are interesting and exciting.   This book actually took me 2 days to read.   The violence in there makes the book even better.  Chapter by chapter, you wont want to stop reading.  Most of the chapters are cliffhangers, and it is just an amazing book.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|Emma Stone shows how ballsy she is.  I love how she handles herself in this movie.  She is really going to be one of the best actresses out there very soon.  Keep watching her films.
B002OSY2T6|5.0|We received this for Christmas for our 4 month old son. He hasn't been a huge fan of tummy time, but this toy has made it a lot more fun. He gets very excited by the mirror, flashing lights, and music. He's even trying to swipe at it and pumping his legs to try to get closer to it. Love this toy. I think it will be a great motivator for him to have fun with tummy time and start crawling soon (especially with the feature that it'll move slowly forward). Cute toy!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|A fun way to past time and its very addictive.  like how you have to unlock the games by winning the previous ones.
0545091020|5.0|The Hunger Games is a great book. I had read it after a high school student suggested it to me. The whole series went very quick and I decided to buy the audiobook so my husband and I could listen to it on a trip. He also loved the book and we have been suggesting it to all of our family and friends.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Suzanne Collins has done a great job with The Hunger Games. I just got a new Kindle Fire and this was the first book I read on it.   It's a good book, so good I read it in two days. For someone who normally takes weeks to finnish books, that's saying something. The beginning of the book is a little slow, but as you begin to see the main character's past and learn about their world you begin to become so intrigued, you want to keep reading. I do wish that Collins would have elaborated more on the \\"post-apocolyptic\\" world that she created. I would have enjoyed more detail so that i would be able to understand what to imagine, because at times it seems like these people are living in severe poverty caused by the apocalypse, but at other times it seems like the technology is still very advanced. Even though this is kind-of explained by the fact that there are different districts, there still isn't much explanation why, and it leaves you wanting.   The only real problem I encountered in reading the book was that up until the middle/last third of the book you are lead to believe that the climax and most of the action that will draw you in will be physical, action packed, and that Katniss will have to use her bow skills to defeat enemies and whatnot, actually turns out to be more emotional and instead of focusing on the fighting between competitors, all of a sudden this becomes one huge love story and you barely read a page without Katniss kissing Peeta, and reading hints of some sort of emotional struggle that she is now going through. I'm sorry, but if I wanted to read Twilight, I would have.   While that was annoying and I finished the book wishing that it would have had a better finnish, it wasn't totally bad. While at times corny and reminding me of a high school teenage girl, I did enjoy the book and will probably read the second. I guess you could say that I was hoping that it would be a more neutral book, not focusing too much on physical fighting and action (whatsome would see as viscously male) and not focusing too much on love and an inner fight of emotional proportion (what is seen as feminine). That's why the book gets a 4/5.
0307292096|3.0|I'm not reviewing the story, A Game of Thrones is simply amazing and is still my favorite of all the Song of Ice and Fire books; but this edition is only alright. The binding is beautiful and the design is great. There are a few things that kind of bother me about this edition. The map on the inside of the book is very pixelated and looks as if it was printed on a really cheap ink jet printer. There's a preview in the book as well for a newly released A Game of Thrones graphic novel; as well as character designs for the comic. In the character design section they label a drawing for Jon Snow and his Direwolf Ghost as John Snow and his Direwolf, Snow... not sure how they printed so many of these books with the misnaming of John's wolf. It's still not that bad of an edition and I'll most likely end up keeping it just because the binding and artwork on the outside of the book is so beautiful; and in the end I don't care about the crappy graphic novel preview and misnaming of Ghost because A Game of Thrones is incredible and I'd even read it if it was printed on toilet paper.
B005DKLPF6|2.0|This is ridiculous.  First Rammstein got away with blatant nationalism and racism (Towards Russians, Americans and the Spanish) and now Mastadon are doing it.  The cover is an obvious reference to Spanish traditions of the pinata but it is exaggerated in an obviously offensive way.  This album hurt even worse because they sold out.  I can't believe this how easy these songs are to listen to.  Where are the hardcore blasts and screams?  Gone.  They'be been replaced with Avenged Sevenfold and Dream Theater vocals and lyrics. This is horrible.  I hope this is just Mastodon's midlife crisis, because if it isn't, I'm gone.
0440244412|5.0|What can I say? I loved it. I loved the one year wait for the final installment in the series, I loved the speculation, the anticipation and I loved each and every book. Shadowfever was satisfying in so many ways. KMM answers the crucial questions for her fans, but leaves the ones that do not need to be answered opened. There are some really good twists and turns - some that I did not see speculated at all about. Great great series.  SPOILERS BELOW  (YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!)  What I love love loved about this book.  I loved that JZB was a predator. This had been alluded to in the previous books where as JZB was very tuned into blood - the loss of blood, people's veins, etc. What he is makes complete sense, but also it was done in such a unique and interesting way.  The twist with V'lane was beautifully done. I loved that he was Cruce. I knew that Cruce would be important in this series and I doubted V'lane's loyalty/intentions but making him Cruce was brilliant.  Mac's powers were very interesting. I loved the description of the silvers and the UK's chambers.  I think the change in Christian is very interesting. Christian has long been my favorite of this series, so I cannot wait to see how this develops. Unfortunately, I am guessing it will be a long time before our next installment.  I loved the scene where the sinsar dubh came into BB&B and tried to convince Mac that her mother was alive. It was brilliant and of course ended with the killing off of a character that drove me crazy.  JZB's child I think really humanized him and helped explain his coldness, abusiveness and ruthfulness. It makes sense why he acted the way he did - he was not only on a mission, but on a mission to save his tortured child. What wouldn't a parent do to accomplish that goal? Perhaps we can forgive some coldness and meanness to Mac? (but the birthday cake scene still remains unexplained ........)  I loved seeing more of Darroc, he was a fascinating character. I never felt sympathetic towardhim, but he made for an interesting read.  K'Vruck was a great addition! I loved the scenes with him. And it really helped make Mac's line of thinking that she was the UK believable. And yeah - anything that kills Darroc is well - if not a good thing, applaudable.  KMM's description of Mac's grief in the beginning chapters was so real. I felt her grief and I think she did an amazing job making the readers feel sad. I think I laughed out loud and squealed when I read JZB's chapter from his point of view - it was such a relief after all we (okay Mac) had been through.  Negatives  The Keltars and Adam. I was initially excited to see these characters and their wives/children (although we didn't really see the wives/children). Their inclusion did not push the story forward and was done more as a gift to the fans - and hey, I'll take it. I just wish their interaction could have been more substantive. I thought it was completely unbelievable that Adam would have refused to see the Queen. He spent  of Immortal Highlander trying to save the Queen's love, the Queen gave him the love of his life and his current life and additionally, Adam owes so much to the Keltars for it happening - I just don't believe he would resist seeing her.  The little lies and mistruths Mac told both Christian and JZB were irritating. I really wish these hadn't been included.  I completely get why Mac paired up with Darroc, why she pushed her feelings down and moved on - but ugh, I hate fake love triangles premised on misunderstandings. Really? JZB didn't get it? I found that entire part very irritating.  I actually thought JZB and Mac were too lovey dovey. *ducks* I know, I know it is what we all have been waiting for and I am truly happy for the two of them, but I just thought too much time was spent on their bonding and 5 day sex-a-thon. And I could have done without the line, \\"Mac, I just saw you almost die, now I need to f*** you.\\" LOL. I know the intent was to show some primitive marking bya primitive and ancient beast, but wow - did that make me laugh and was so not sexy in my opinion.  This is more not about the writing and the story but a negative about JZB - I loved him as a character, I think he is fascinating to read about and with but ewwww, the feeding of his son humans, what the hell does JZB eat?!!!, and the murder of a woman he bedded b/c he invited her to his room? I know his does everything for Mac. I know he won't let her die, he dies for her over and over again, he is there for her and supports her - I do think that is great, but I personally can't get past the other stuff. So he will never be a favorite of mine. Fascinating, yes - but not an ideal.  Okay, enough of the negatives, I don't want you to think I didn't like this book. I did. I loved it. I enjoyed almost every page and plan on listening to the audio. I read this book slowly, digested it and took notes. I appreciate everything KMM did for her fans in this book, exploring all of our theories for us, and going out on a limb (Mac thinking she was the UK? - brilliant). I know I will read KMM's next book the minute it hit the stands (or my Kindle), I hope she publishes it soon.  Some favorite quotes:  V'lane: \\"Accept me or kill me MacKayla. But choose. ****ing choose.\\"  Mac to V'lane: \\"I nodded back as if I had some clue what we were nodding about.\\"  This line needs no introduction: \\"****ing Fairies.\\"  Christian to Mac: \\"Why'd you scream anyway?\\" He shouted at me....\\"she startled me is all\\" I shouted back. \\"Bloody great. Next time put a sock in it, would you?\\"
B0063IH60K|5.0|very easy to use. ads are no big deal, just click out of them quickly. would download a thousand times its that good
B000I3R796|2.0|First, Theron wears the same outfit the entire movie, it's sexy for the first three minutes. Second, she's a cold blooded killer, but can't kill the guy she's sent to kill because...they were lovers!!! Like, nobody knew this BEFORE they sent her to kill him? And there's all the flips though the air, and impossible martial arts, it's like a typical Chinese martial arts film. It's about $5 overpriced for the $2.99 I paid to rent it. Oh well, live and learn. As a side note, I've yet to see a Charlize Theron movie I liked. In my not so humble opinion, she is a grossly overrated actor. Hot does not equal good.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I really like the Kindle Fire microshell hot pink cover. I can see where I put it and won't lose it. The support is also very nice. I prefer this cover because it has a hard bottom for the Fire and protects it.
B0061S073A|5.0|As a parent with a tablet your children may use this is the best parental control app to my knowledge, it keeps your kids where you want them, with a password protection keeping them in Kids Place program.
B000XK7P7S|5.0|Amy she was so talented, I just purchased her Frank CD, LOVE IT!!!!!!!!, Black to Black, LOVE IT!!!!!!  Would have paid big bucks to see her. I will never get that opportunity.  Damn, damn, damn.
B005ZUR724|1.0|wont work because amazon doesn't have the updated client to download. will change my review once amazon fixes there stuff.
0823095223|5.0|This book is full of great comic art by some of the best sculptors in the business.  Many step-by-step guides to sculpting figures from all styles of pop art.
B006C1DH92|5.0|love this game its so fun. and a fun twist if you already like the original Fruit Ninja. I will definitely be recommending it to all my friends! :)
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Amazon send the product in a fast time. And the movie is great.  The sound and the image quality are fabulous.
B0015DROBO|1.0|Too slow and boring for my taste. I think I will just watch the movie instead. I need books with detail and it all has to mesh gracefully and this just doesn't.
B0011UBDTK|3.0|I bought this for my fiance for Christmas present.  It looks great and has the entire series in a very non-bulky binder.  However, for whatever reason some of the discs are having trouble playing.  We have tried it on a couple different computers and such and they all have the same problems with it.  I hope not everyone has had this same issue.
1426308469|5.0|Great book for a 5 year old. I bought this for my granddaughter who has shown an interest in dinosaurs. Great adult/child book packed with all kinds of great pics and interesting data.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|It constantly freezes on the Galaxy Nexus. It opens and runs fine for about 30 seconds, then freezes. Please update to be compatible with 4.0 ICS.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|this turtle beach head set is extream value for money other sets with similar specs retail for 300-500 and a very well known gaming brand. 2 thumbs up.
B006G2NVCA|1.0|There's a lot of discussion going on in film music circles these days about the direction the art is taking, and a lot of it stems from Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross's Oscar win for their score for The Social Network last year. Amongst many mainstream film critics, Reznor and Ross's ambient drones are seen as ushering a newer, better way of scoring films, one that moves away from the \\"schmaltzy emotional manipulation\\" written by the likes of John Williams and James Horner, and instead embraces a cold, clinical musical style that is more akin to sound effects than traditional film music. In his review of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, Variety film critic Justin Chang said the score \\"blends dread with driving momentum, establishing a richly unsettling mood with recurring dissonances, eerie wind chimes and pulsating reverb effects\\". In his simultaneously-published review of War Horse, he criticized the film for \\"a cloying strain of bucolic whimsy driven by John Williams' pushy score\\", so you see what we're up against.  Unsurprisingly, my personal opinion is directly opposed to Chang's. In an interview I gave to film music journalist Tom Hoover for his book Soundtrack Nation in 2010, I said \\"I understand that not all films require big, bold themes, and that there is a definite place for understatement, but you have to remember that film music, at its core, is all about emotion. I think it was Alfred Newman who said that 80% of the emotion you feel while watching a film is directly attributable to the music, so it stands to reason that if the music is being intentionally diminished to the point where you can't tell whether it's music or not, then you're not going to get the same emotional reaction from the film.\\"  Of course, a film like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo doesn't require a great deal of orchestral histrionics. It's a dark, brutal story of murder and violence set in the snowy wastes of northern Sweden. Based on the exceptionally popular novel by the late Stieg Larsson, the film stars Daniel Craig as investigative journalist Mikael Blomqvist, who is hired by wealthy industrialist Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, some 40 years previously. Meanwhile, punk computer hacker Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) has been hired by another company to monitor Mikael's activity, and contacts Mikael when she solves some of the puzzles that Mikael could not; working together, the unlikely pair find out more about the Vanger family than Henrik intended, involving generations of corruption and murder.  Trent Reznor has, of course, been the recipient of a great deal of praise and acclaim for his work with his industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, and rightly so: they were a groundbreaking group in their time, and I like a great many of their songs. Atticus Ross has been Reznor and NIN's producer for many years, and as such also deserves our respect and acclaim. Unfortunately, much like The Chemical Brothers and their score for Hanna earlier this year, the pair have virtually no understanding of the narrative requirements of film music, the subtleties and nuances of which seem to be completely beyond them. Hanna, of course, was named Best Score of 2011 by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association - of which our friend, the aforementioned Justin Chang, is secretary.  In the film, Reznor and Ross's score veers between understated nothingness and outright inappropriateness. In one scene set in an apartment building, one of the characters walks past a man using a buffer to polish the floor, and almost immediately Reznor's music begins to mimic the sound of the buffer, for no apparent reason, and continues to do so for several pointless minutes. Elsewhere, in a scene set in an office conference room, Reznor underscores the important expositional dialogue with a low, irritating hum and a series of inexplicable electronic bleeps, which took me completely out of the film, to the point where Ilooked up at the cinema's speakers to check whether they were broken and emitting smoke (it's heard on the album in \\"People Lie All the Time\\").  When the score isn't jarringly distracting, it's virtually inaudible or indistinguishable from the film's sound effects, begging the question of why the music is there in the first place. I would argue that if the score does nothing to enhance the emotion of the film because it's either too low in the sound mix, or is written in such a way that it's virtually indistinguishable from source music and sound effects, then what purpose does the score serve? What is its basic function? If you can't hear it, and can't feel it, why is it there?  On CD, in general terms, the score is little more than a series of ambient drones, overlaid with various industrial sound effects and staccato rhythms - de-tuned piano chords, plucked bass notes, and the like. The six-track promo released by Reznor earlier in the year includes the cues \\"Hidden in Snow\\", \\"People Lie All the Time\\", \\"What If We Could?\\", \\"Oraculum\\", \\"Please Take Your Hand Away\\" and \\"Under the Midnight Sun\\". Running for just over half an hour, it provides a satisfactory overview of pretty much everything the score has to offer for anyone interested in seeing what all the fuss is about. The three hour complete score released on Reznor's personal label, Null Corporation, is barely tolerable, and should be reserved only for those who actually enjoyed the score in context (i.e., masochists) or the hard of hearing.  To move away from tongue-in-cheek flippancy, the album does have some cues of note. The cover version of Led Zeppelin's \\"Immigrant Song\\" by Karen Orzelek of The Yeah Yeah Yeahs, which was remixed by Reznor and Ross and plays over the film's outstanding opening title sequence, is excellent, and stands as the musical high point of both film and CD, with its location-specific lyrics and primal scream chorus. Similarly, the cover version of Bryan Ferry's \\"Is Your Love StrongEnough?\\" by How To Destroy Angels features a soulful vocal performance by the group's lead singer, Reznor's wife Mariqueen Maandig, that is also very good.  A few of the 37 score cues do merit some mention for a brief musical moment of worth: the opening \\"She Reminds Me Of You\\" has a child-like metallic motif that jingles in a bizarre, almost Christmassy way over a synth drone; \\"Pinned and Mounted\\" has an insistent, urgent percussion rhythm that underscores the terrible ordeal Lisbeth endures at the hands of her guardian; \\"What If We Could?\\" and \\"I Can't Take It Any More\\" reprise the chilly piano/celesta motif in a cue of unexpected tonal quality, the latter with a female vocal effect by Maandig down in the mix; \\"A Thousand Details\\" and \\"Great Bird of Pray\\" have a roaring electric guitar that adds to the contemporary setting, as well as Lisbeth's own musical tastes.  Elsewhere on the album, \\"An Itch\\" pits a detuned piano beat against a bed of pulsating synth rhythms and squeaky industrial dance-music effects in a way that is s unexpectedly engaging; \\"A Pause for Reflection\\", \\"While Waiting\\", \\"Millennia\\" and \\"A Pair of Doves\\" work chimes, bells and the female vocalist back into the equation, giving the score an isolated, chilly demeanor. \\"The Seconds Drag\\" mimics a ticking clock, \\"Parallel Timeline with Alternate Outcome\\" and \\"Revealed in the Thaw\\" feature the briefest semblances of an actual theme performed on a solo piano - two of the score's few melodic high spots - while the driving \\"Infiltrator\\" has a high energy rhythm that at times is quite engaging, despite the 1980s computer game sound effects that appear half way through the track.  Beyond these few moments, though, the score is for the most part worthless, providing little more than various percussive rhythms and sub-industrial drones that go on and on and on over the course of three mind-numbing hours. It's not that I can't tolerate scores that are predominantly synth-based - many of my recent reviews dispel that myth. It's more that the almost total lack of structure, depth, or actual musical intellectual language flies in the face of everything I love about film music. Praising scores like this, which are superficial by design, is an insult to all those composers who have spent years honing their craft, learning technique and orchestration and counterpoint and harmony, and who don't get the acclaim or reward they so deserve. You only have to think about the scores written by David Fincher's previous musical collaborators for his earlier films - Howard Shore on Se7en and The Game, Elliot Goldenthal on Alien 3, even David Shire on Zodiac - to get a sense of what kind of a score this film could have had. Orchestral and thematic and tonal doesn't have to mean happy and pretty; dark, brutal, brooding, menacing music perfect for Lisbeth Salander could very easily have come from the pen of any of these men, and the music would have had a much more rich and fulfilling compositional language at the same time.  Even Reznor's composing process is radically different from the norm: whereas most composers will write music with a specific scene in mind, tailoring it to fit the emotional needs of the film at any given time, referring backwards and forwards to musical points elsewhere in the movie to create a tapestry that links concepts, characters and locations together, Reznor presents his director with \\"big chunks that are three-or eight-minute suites. They go from here and travel around the corner and go underground and come back up and wind up over there. We do not have 30 15-second beats of sound.\\" While other composers have written music in this way before - notably Gustavo Santaollala on Brokeback Mountain and Hans Zimmer on Inception - Reznor's approach really crystallizes what I feel is wrong with his scores. He's not really writing film music; he's writing a series of instrumental textures that just happen to accompany a movie, and which are needle-dropped into placeby the director whenever he thinks he needs music, with no regard for any conceptual specificity, no thought about the `bigger picture', no structure, and no way of giving the audience any cues as to the emotional intent of the scene.  This obsession with not spoon-feeding the audience emotional content via music is one of the most bizarre and misguided opinions of recent years; film is all about audience manipulation, making them empathize with the characters on screen. Directors have no qualms about manipulating the audience's emotions by, for example, using colored filters in the cinematography, or by using a quick-cut editing style, so why is the music singled out as being as a scapegoat for the Hollywood schmaltz machine? When I watch a movie or listen to its score, I WANT to be moved, to be scared, to be exhilarated, to feel the joyous rapture of love, and a million other emotions. That's the whole point.  I didn't want to turn this review into a rant against the direction contemporary film music is going, but I care deeply about this genre, and I couldn't help it. I've spent half my life listening to, and loving, and championing this music and its composers, and to see it stripped down and under-valued in this way affects me on a personal level. With their Oscar win for The Social Network and the immense acclaim their score for The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo has received, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross are clearly on the forefront of contemporary film scoring, and are likely to prove influential to other film makers in future who want to recapture the vibe and mainstream popularity they encompass. This disturbs me greatly, because it marginalizes and trivializes everything I have loved about film music for the past 20 years, shoving it into a box marked \\"old fashioned\\" and \\"sappy\\". Call me elitist, call me snobbish, call me out of touch, I don't care. I know what I love, and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is not it.
B004U52VPS|1.0|This is one of the worst games I have ever purchased.  The materials are poorly made.  The structures can be difficult to stand up and aiming the birds is a joke with the plastic catapult.  If you enjoy the app version, you will not enjoy this game. Save your money or purchase another game that your children will actually enjoy.
B005EHNEDO|5.0|I was weary and had high expectations when I popped this album in but \\"The Whole Love\\" covers everything that is good about Wilco. This easily could've been a pretentious, boring arthouse album that took itself too seriously.<br />Instead, the band touches on each of it's strengths, experiments some with the intent of using experimentation to grow instead of sound more relevant, and never loses it's initial charm that makes them such a good band.<br /><br />There's sonic noise rock, sweet folk ballads, psychadelic folk-rock tunes that take you back to the 60's/70's, straight up rock songs with swirling solos, and beautiful ballads that don't have a genre.<br /><br />This works incredibly well as a body of work and as an album you can enjoy song by song.<br /><br />The only negatives to me are the packaging which I think could've protected the cd better.<br /><br />For people that love the Wilco that's pre-\\"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot\\" and don't like the directions the band has gone in since then, everybody can't be pleased. Keep an open mind and you'll find that the magic is still there.
B000QUUD60|5.0|Elvis was never better live than he  is shown to be in this film. Lithe, nimble, physical, and in fabulous voice, totally connected to the music. Amazing renditions of so many songs - Polk Salad Annie, I Just Can't Help Believing, Patch it Up, the list goes on and on. A gorgeous rendition of Heartbreak Hotel, better than the original IMO, more soulful. Physically he seems in top shape, even a mere 3 years later he would appear spent, bloated, tired. But here he's 100%. There is just no describing what he brings to a song when he is on his game. And of course he  is so beautiful. Who ever looked like Elvis? This is Elvis in all his glory, no more a young man, now a man in full. Even in 1968, he seemed more like a young man, though of course the comback concert is amazing too.
B006PAZMMK|5.0|I've always liked electronic music but there's always been separation between all the sub-genres. Skrillex's work cannot be defined by classification really. Bangarang EP is his latest and flows from start to finish (though the titles wouldn't really indicate so). It's very high energy, and you'll find yourself bobbin' to the beat during whatever it is that you're doing. There were some mixes out there (I'm thinking about Bangarang) done by other DJs, but Skrillex's sound is very unique and polished, so these songs still sound new and different to me. If you've listened to most of his work, you'll agree that you can't really categorize it (and you shouldn't). That's his visionary style. Forum-warriors will duke it out to determine where he belongs along the spectrum of electronic music. He doesn't care. He just sees \\"music\\", and that's good. Nowadays, I tell people to just listen. If you like it, you like it; if you don't, you don't. Plain and simple.
B0053YGYO4|4.0|This album like all Coldplay albums has its great songs, its every day songs, and it's rainy day songs.  There is one thing I can say about this album, its 100% better than their last one.  If your a coldplay fan, there is nothing on this album like yellow, but...it is still a good album.  This particular one came with a t-shirt which was nice too.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is by far the best Bible app I've used so far.  It makes sharing with others a snap.  The layout is fantastic!!
B000641MB6|5.0|This movie was very fun and great to watch for the holidays.  Our family will be watching it as a traditon each christmas eve
B005LY4B0A|4.0|This app is a nice challenge. I love playing it. It's nice to see an app where I have to use my brain.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|this is a good game for people who enjoy searches. it also lets u interact a bit which makes it morethan just a searh and find game
1609611543|5.0|I am a 51 year old woman who eats healthy, exercises on a regular basis and has maintained the same weight into adulthood.  You would look at me and think I was the picture of health, but you would be very wrong.  I have suffered from low energy and chronic fatigue my entire life.  I have undergone numerous tests over the years to figure out why I have such fatigue and as usual doctors have always told me there is nothing wrong.  I picked up The Wheat Belly and by the end of the first chapter I made the decision to go wheat-free.  By the second day I felt clear headed and energized.  It has been 4 weeks now and I feel like a new person.  I sleep like a rock, am energized all day long, no longer have ravenous hunger pains an hour after eating, and all of my joint pain is completely gone!  It definitely takes more effort and time to eat gluten-free, but it is so worth it.  I cannot recommend this book enough!
B001AUKUTU|5.0|IMHO this is one of Dio's best. I love last in line and holy diver, but this one is more fluid, and i like the flow of the album. It's as good as the previously mentioned 2. Craig Goldie is exilent, different than Viv Campbell, but still great. And I like the fact that Dio doesn't sing about the same things most other metal groups do.
B000BNI99K|5.0|This es a great CD.  Rod singing the old songs already made famous was great to listen to.  I have the other ones he has made and this is one of the better ones
0060852712|5.0|Purchasing the CD from Amazon was completely easy. The CD arrived within two days. My children love Roald Dahl and listening to The Twits.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I bought this for my wife for Christmas; I didn't get it in time for delivery on Christmas day (my fault, saw it too late); but when I handed it to her, she was very pleased to have received it; Adele is a great performer, and the video shows her at her best!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I enjoyed Harry Potter's series and wish that there were more of them.  I'm sorry that it had to come to a close.
1904994679|5.0|Came on time with no problems, and my little brother loved it! Thanks, Amazon! I was happy to find out it was only about $13, as I saw some in stores for as much as $50!
B006C1DH92|5.0|This game is really fun! I have never played the original \\"Fruit Ninja\\" but have heard many good things about it. I was a big fan of the movie \\"Puss in Boots\\" and I am now a big fan of the game. It seems to be pretty responsive to your touch for accuracy. There are many different levels to play and many different accomplishments so you won't get bored quickly with this one!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|this is simply the greatest app for getting rid of cluttered slips of paper and making notes so you have a running synopsis of everything you did that day!  I can't wait to check out all the features.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|We heard Mumford and Sons singing with Bob Dylan on a television broadcast and my daughter and I were impressed. I bought the CD and gave it to my daughter and I haven't seen it since! Obviously she's satisfied and I hope to actually listen to it ... someday!
B004TI5N38|5.0|This book follows Baldacci's typical pattern and pacing, but I found it quite a bit more exciting than many of his more recent offerings.  I hope he develops this main character into a full series much like Oliver Stone and the Camel Club.
B002MQYOFW|2.0|What do I think of this book..hmmmm. let's see. I was on Chaz Bono's blog and he said that this book was really good. Yeah, right. It didn't make any sense. It wad nothing like 'The Help'. I don't even know why anyone would like it. I'm \\"hungry\\" for more action. Quit playing \\"games\\" with me. The Left Behind series smokes this book series majorly. Note to reader: don't take book recommendations from Chaz Bono unless you want a book that sucks.
B004TI5N38|5.0|I couldn't wait to finish it.  Yes, a lot like Reacher, but I've not liked anything Baldacci's written, especially his Camel Club series.  Too bad it seems alot like Reacher - coincidence?  Maybe not too bad, it was still a good read!
B005VT42BS|5.0|A big advantage when walking into a prospective clients environment, nice theme and layout. A must for any net-geek :-)
0439023513|2.0|I really liked the first novel and liked the second one even better.  And of course, in true cliffhanger style, the second novel leaves you NEEDING to read the final one unless you're okay with walking away from a totally unresolved story.  Sad to say, I probably should have walked away.  To say the final installment was \\"dark\\" is an understatement (as if the previous two were light-hearted affairs).  In a lot of ways, this trilogy reminds me of the Matrix trilogy, in that the first installment hooked everybody, the second one some people loved and some people hated, but the third inexplicably plummeted into darkness and all-around misery for all the main characters.  Characters to whom you had built an attachment/affection, so you end up with a nasty taste in your mouth.  Look, I get the whole war-is-bad thing and how all too often one side will exploit its people just as much as the other--but was it really necessary to pound that message home by inflicting such horror on all the heroes of the story?  To put it succinctly, after finishing the second book (and remember, the second book re-animated the main plot device from the first book), you felt a buzz and a natural eagerness to snatch up the third.  Upon finishing the third, though, you just felt: bummed.  I didn't need it to be a Disney ending, but damn.  And the tacked-on \\"epilogue\\" (which smacked of an attempt to alleviate the bleak ending) seemed just that: tacked on.    Maybe they can rework this all when or if it becomes a movie, but sorry: two out of three worked here.  I mean it seriously when I say you could leave it at the second book and walk away satisfied.  In this instance, finding out what happened didn't produce any sort of closure or resolution--just bitterness.
0521673763|5.0|Tone is conversational yet it presents very important information on every page. The tone makes it easier to understand the complex information. There are numerous tables and figures to assist in presenting the information. The diagrams reinforce the text.
1400069181|4.0|I really enjoyed reading about Blake's idea and how he started his company in an apartment. Hard work pays off and it's nice to know that there still are companies out there that are not all about profit, but to also make a difference in other people's lives. I really liked how there were websites listed and useful tips for people to consider when starting their own idea. Thanks Blake I think I will be looking into getting a pair of TOMS now.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have used the youversion app since I got a smart phone.  This version works great on my kindle fire.
B005XY67WI|5.0|realmente me sorprendio (como siempre) una artista muy completa que se prepara mucho y en este concieirto en Paris fue absolutamente increible la calidad de la grabacion es buenisima y si se disfruta en alta definicion con sonido 5.1 es lo mejor
B006C1DH92|1.0|This game might be good but I can't get it to load.  I dont know if it something I am doing, but it frustrates me. And now I might have to download it for 99  cents. Can someone please tell me how to delete it from my apps?
B0054JZC6E|4.0|If stuck in the airport, you will enjoy wasting time.with this game series. While the adds annoy you to no end, it will make the time less stressful. Check out the dart game and see if I am wrong.
B001JNNDDI|5.0|A great movie I have enjoyed watching on television, that I just had to purchase to see it in its entirety without commercial interruptions!
B004P7CMXC|5.0|Very good! The film is a horror classic, must be watched by all who love the genre. It's an incredible story that should not miss in your collection.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I liked it. was good for wasting time. just didn't like the snake game. has a lot of replay value as well.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Love this version of Fruit Ninja! I loved the first version but this one has topped it. It's challenging, comical and so much fun. Runs perfectly on the Galaxy Nexus.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|downloaded for the galaxy nexus. keeps freezing in the early levels and cannot continue. its a great and addicting game when it works, however it just never does. please update to fix
B0053TMP24|5.0|this book along with all the others is awsome if your a fwan then this book is a must have!!!!!!!!!!! email  me at  tannermacdonald@hotmail.com~if you have any qeustions about this book dont hesiatate
0553328255|5.0|I am a big fan of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. These first 60 stories set the tone for detective stories ever since. The best!
B006JPS1OM|4.0|A little difficultly downloading but worth it! Fun and not too hard. I'm enjoying it and not stressing Bc it's too hard to find objects. Also neat that it's more than just an object game...interviews and such are a nice twist.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|really enjoy.playing, we play as a family to see who ties better...easy enough for the kids but not to easy for adults...
0385534639|5.0|Firstly, I must begin by saying the I've never reviewed anything before in my life. This book is amazing, and timeless. I was actually sad when it ended, and I had to resist the urge to immediately flip back to the first page and begin to read the book all over again. It's beautifully written, and I love the way that the story is told. I did find myself wanting to know more about Marco, but I realize that that info. probably would not have made a huge difference in the novel as a whole. The characters were very memorable, and I love the idea of the followers of the circus known as the rveurs. Erin is an amazing storyteller, and she came out of the gate running with this debut novel. I can not wait to read everything that Erin Morgenstern has to offer. This is the best book that I've read all year, and I'm a voracious reader! Did I mention that I absolutely LOVE this book?
B005K17RU0|5.0|No complaints with this app. It's also really easy to switch from one city to another. All around simple to use but tells me everything you want to know down to the hour.
0515149489|5.0|OK,  this book I read every night before I went to sleep.  It caught my eye because of the dog training plot...was so true to life! Reading is supposed to be a leisure not a chore and this book so fits that catergory!!
B005I6EU7U|2.0|This cover isn't a good fit for the Kindle Fire.  It is a cute cover, but it is just a hair small for the Fire.  I can look past the snug straps, figuring that they'll keep my Kindle safely tucked inside.  However, the fact that the cover won't close all the way with the Kindle Fire in it was too much for me, so it is going back.  I'm pretty bummed.  I had my eye on this cover and my mom surprised me with it for Christmas.  The problem lies in the fact that the Kindle Fire is so thick.
B0058VW36U|5.0|_sbzcx x f f d d x d f c c c d. f f xcf. f d d d x x x dd.  dz.  g v
B003O86FMW|5.0|I enjoyed this series from first page of first book to the last page of the final book.  They were very well written, making you feel as if you were actually a participant of hunger games. Characters came alive with each page.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|works wonderful on my kindle fire. no ads. fast. looks really nice also. idk if other people are using it on their phone and still getting ads but I have yet to see one. :)
0811879542|5.0|According to my five year old this book is magic (her teacher at kindy has it). It's a wonderful book...so simple and powerful for kids and adults (my husband loves it too!). Would make a great gift for someone with everything.
0316017930|5.0|Outliers is an extremely thought-provoking book.  I read this during winter break and couldn't put it down.  Gladwell is a great story teller, and this book is full of stories.  You might remember Gladwell's other works, Tipping Point or Blink.  Neither of those books are as good as this one.<br /><br />Outliers makes you think twice about why people are successful, and by the end of this book you will be convinced that success is more about opportunity than it is about talent, and that concept alone has huge ramifications for public education.<br /><br />What kind of opportunities do students have for meaningful learning in your school?  How has the testing craze in public education added or taken away from meaningful learning opportunities in our classrooms?  These are good questions.<br /><br />In many public schools--especially ones in communities of poverty, opportunities are scarce.  In middle class homes, children come from homes surrounded by hundreds of books--that is not generally the case in homes of poverty.  Yes, just about everyone has a TV these days and gaming stations are popular.  But books?  Who reads these days?  Leaders do, and not because they have to.  They want to.
B004X80QNG|1.0|Pocket Informant worked nicely. It is better than the stock calendar Something happend it does not work anymore. I had to uninstall it T-mobile G2
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Loved this series? Was not sure that I would like these books from series but once I started reading them I was hooked. Finished first one an on to the next. Was sad when they were over. Will make great movies
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun, challenging, easy to navigate! I would. recommend. this. game.  If you enjoy. card. games you will love this one.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love solitaire on the computer, and this is just as fun, just a more hands on approach. It is veryfun to play!!
B001IYCMNA|1.0|Right out of the box, I connected it to my network and using the default SSID with no security, wireless connections from any of my devices (iPhone 4S, iPAD2, two laptops, etc), would drop after a few seconds.  Then they would reconnect, stay connected, I could surf the web, etc, but then after 10 - 15 seconds, the wireless connection would drop. I tried changing the wireless channels manually, I tried using the auto channel selection option, I tried changing the SSID and enabling the different security options, same problem.  I upgraded to the latest firmware, same problem.  I reset to factory, same problem.  I rolled back to my old AP and the connections stay nailed up.<br /><br />I'm returning it.
B00012QLQ4|5.0|I personaly do not like this film I own it and yet I hate it I watch it three to four times a month yet I still hate it.  Why would I give A film I hate 5 stars you ask? Well it simple this film is awesome in so many many ways the story is unique and worth watching over and over again the version of the film I have has the english dubbed version and the Japan language version. Both are rather awesome.  The voice acting should of stayed to the orginal even with the English dubbed.  This film is so Awesome It inspired me to watch anime and buy anime and love anime it created my adiction to anime so I hate it!!!  Bottom line just b/c I hate this film dse not mean you will it is very unique and enjoyable to watch it dose earn it's R rating so kids don't watch.  I love to hate this film....
B005AUWY90|5.0|This movie is awesome!! My son is 2 and a half, he watches it everyday. Non stop action. I bought the first cars movie after wathing this one a thousand times my son prefers cars2.
B0055SWM08|4.0|Pretty good game.  Relaxing and thought-provoking.  Also sharpens logic skills.  However, a little tedious after a while.  Would recommend for all ages.
B004XWLN20|5.0|I ordered Smallville Complete Series this morning as a late Christmas Gift for me and my wife.This is a blind buy for us she has never seen the show and I have seen Season 1 when it aired in 2001.I missed many episodes due to work and college so I waited for the complete series to come out to purchase Smallville instead of getting it season buy season.218 Episodes to start the new year I can't wait!! Highly Recommended Gift!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Ive had a lot of fun playing. This is a great download. Would recommend to anyone who is a solitaire fan.  ..
B0000DJE9R|5.0|This CD has a nice collection of MJ hits...probably not enough for the true devotee, but with so many to choose from that would be impossible to contain to one disc.  It is, however, a nice selection of several of my favorites and I got it for my 6 year old.  He is becoming quite the fan and loves this CD.
0307477479|4.0|I liked this book as a whole, but I can't say I liked every part of it.  It is different.  The book is made up of a lot of separate chapters which have separate characters and stories in them.  There are some characters who appear in multiple chapters, but it's difficult to keep track of who all the people are.  At least it was for me.  There were times when I was enjoying reading this book, and times when I didn't think I wanted to continue.  Most of the characters were not all that likable, although all were realistic in the sense you could imagine someone actually being like that.  One chapter, narrated by the daughter of one of the characters was entirely in powerpoint format.  I thought I'd find that annoying, but actually I quite liked it.  I also found the end of the book interesting, where she gave a vision of the future.  If you like to read things which are interesting and different, you may like this book.  If you like to read \\"feel good\\" stories, you probably won't like this, since most of the characters are on their way down... This is the kind of book where you could reread it, though, and find things you'd missed the first time.  It's more complex and layered than most.
B002BJGYV2|1.0|Gilmore Girls is in my top 5 favorite shows of all time and Seasons 5 is my absolute favorite, so much happens! I was super excited to finally be completing my seasons when these went on sale in December for less than $8.00 each! Sadly, when I received the item, it was not the same good quality product that my other seasons were(except for my Season 4 which arrived crushed - I reviewed that one as well). This season arrived without a booklet. As I mentioned in my other review, I did not realize when I ordered them that these \\"sale\\" items were not a good quality item sold at a discount but rather a cheap version of what I wanted.   The photo quality of the cover and the disc art is terrible. The picture are grainy and look like they used copies of copies to manufacture everything. It was even missing the booklets. I returned it immediately and received another set that had the booklet but had a case that was crushed. The hinges in this case were broken. I was glad to be able to exchange it but I will proceed with caution when I buy anything else that looks too good to be true.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|After getting a Kindle Fire, I tried out a few cases for it.  Many added too much bulk to the tablet and just gave the device (which is a nice-looking, slick device as it is) a bulky appearance.  This MicroShell Folio Cover wraps around the Kindle Fire nice and tight.  The power button and speakers have plenty of clearance and the thin profile of the case keeps the Fire looking sleek.  The cover folds easily around the back when you are using the Fire without adding too much bulk.  I didn't use the case much in its upright position, because I tend to just hold the tablet in my hand.  The strap flips around to either hold the cover on the rear when using the tablet or on the front when not in use.  Overall, this case is simple and clean.
B003XQPT9A|5.0|I love this movie to bits! I decided to rent it from Amazon instant video to satisfy a quick Christmas downtime craving. I was very impressed with the quality of the stream to my smart TV app.<br /><br />OK now for the slightly bad news. I noticed the comments and reviews for this movie mentioned the lack of \\"When Love is Gone\\" in the DVD release. The video download/stream did not include this song (except over the end credits). It appears to be the Special Edition widescreen version of the movie. I didn't think I'd miss the song when I was reading all the melodramatic comments; but, I kinda did. Our in-house compromise was to pause the movie and stream just the song from another source. This did not ruin or seriously impair my enjoyment of a holiday classic. For next year, I think I'll try to track down a copy of the VHS, or just buy the DVD pack.
B004X80QNG|1.0|It doesn't sync so what good is it?  I have need to have my calendar on my Kindle Fire, Android Phone and computer all in sync.  How difficult is it to sync with Google when just about every other calendar app in the universe does this?  But I\\"m not surprised as the developers don't seem to have a clue.  No matter how many bugs you report (and read the bugs being complained about in the website forums) the developer always responds with \\"I haven't been able to duplicate that problem\\".  If I could give this app zero stars I would have, one star is far to generous.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use Evernote constantly for my grocery list, multiple to-do lists, shopping lists and more. I love that it keeps my lists synchronized across my computer, smartphone and tablet without me having to do anything. And the ability to email things directly to a specific notebook allows me to keep all my tax-related receipts together for easy access during tax time. Simply put, it's fantastic.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is simply amazing! I love the voice feature! I thought that it was for reading only but is for so much more. Get this app!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover does exactly what it says it does. The quality is great. It's slim and light but protects. I had to wait weeks for mine, and in the meantime my Fire was in a big bulky zip-up case. Was it more protected? Sure. It was also heavier and bulkier. I travel for work and the Fire is always in my hands or purse, so I need as little bulk as possible while still offering protection. This case is perfect. It doesn't add any noticeable weight while holding the Fire, and of course the ability to prop it up is awesome. Makes 6 hour plane rides so much better! Love this case and highly recommend it.
B004EPZ084|5.0|Watched this dvd last night. It was funny but I was hoping for funnier.   Great actors great movie will watch again
B005K2XM94|4.0|I took a look at a lot of different cases before going with the Timbuk2 sleeve. It was just the right size for the Fire. It has a felt inside that keeps it snug inside the case and I think even helps wipe the screen when it goes in and out of the case. I've taken it on a trip and it fit perfect in my laptop bag. Simple sleeve that does its job.
0596805888|4.0|This book is fantastic. It is full of interesting tidbits, not only about food, but about technique and the science behind why things work the way they do in the kitchen. A must have for those interested in the science of a good noshing.
B000EXZI0K|5.0|I remember when CHILDREN OF THE WORLD first came out back in 1976, Michael McDonald had just joined The Doobie Brothers, Hall and Oates were getting underway, Boz Skaggs was releasing some truly soul filled music and The Bee Gees were in the midst of one of the most important musical transformations in music history.  The \\"Blue Eyed Soul\\" movement was squarely underway and it was a time when soul (R&B) was truly the center of were music was headed topping the charts with artists and bands, both black and white, who were producing great music.  Indeed it was such a beautiful time, for the 4 or 5 minutes the song was playing, it didn't matter the color of the artists or bands skin just that incredible lyrics, outstanding compositions and phenomenal musicianship were on full display.<br /><br />The Bee Gees had gone through a full metamorphosis by the time this album was released.  Gone was the band who couldn't escape the unfair and rather ridiculous comparisons to their older british comtemporaries, especially The Beatles.  I always felt they stood on their own merit and made just as good, if not, better material in the mid to late 1960's. They seemed trapped, even by their manager, Robert Stigwood, into being the younger version of their older contemporaries from britain.  In the early 1970's they seemed to be trying to find themselves and their own identity and began to pull away from Stigwood's direction towards their own.<br /><br />Even though they had already produced some of the most amazing albums, songs and performances ever, they were attempting to discover who they truly were as artists.  On the advice of their friend, Eric Clapton, they moved their entire operation to the U.S. in Miami Florida and began working with the great producer, Arif Mardin, who truly took time to figure out what type of music they wanted to produce.  He turned them on to the growing R&B and dance scene which he felt was perfect for their singing, songwriting and performance skills.  Mardin would, due to contractual issues, only produce 2 albums with the band, MR. NATURAL & MAIN COURSE, however, he would also start them down the path that would soon lead to one of the single most important and incredible periods in music history.<br /><br />This album is the first where the Gibbs are the sole producers and you see a very mature and confident band that's tight and ready to take the music world by storm.  This would lead to some of the greatest songs of their career and their songwriting prowess, especially Barry's, would now take center stage in music.  Barry and Robin Gibb are every bit the songwriting duo as any of their contemporaries and with songs like \\"You Should Be Dancing\\"; \\"You Stepped Into My Life\\"; \\"Love So Right\\"; \\"Love Me\\" and \\"Children Of The World\\", the brothers were giving notice that they were indeed here to stay.  This was a great time in music and The Bee Gees were a major reason why..  Mardin would, due to contractual issues, only produce 2 albums with the band, MR. NATURAL & MAIN COURSE, however, he would also start them down the path that would soon lead to one of the single most important and incredible periods in music history.<br /><br />This album is the first where the Gibbs are the sole producers and you see a very mature and confident band that's tight and ready to take the music world by storm.  This would lead to some of the greatest songs of their career and their songwriting prowess, especially Barry's, would now take center stage in music.  Barry and Robin Gibb are every bit the songwriting duo as any of their contemporaries and with songs like \\"You Should Be Dancing\\"; \\"You Stepped Into My Life\\"; \\"Love So Right\\"; \\"Love Me\\" and \\"Children Of The World\\", the brothers were giving notice that they were indeed here to stay.  This was a great time in music and The Bee Gees were a major reason why.
B005K17RU0|1.0|did not work, never loaded. all I got was a blank screen. do not even try, at on the fire.
B006C1DH92|5.0|amazing!!! I loved the 2 different modes you could use and all the minigames, I'm gonna say it's better than fruit ninja!
031286504X|4.0|I had first read this story when the movie came out. But, realizing that (as usual) the story far outweighed the movie in terms of plot and twists, I continued reading the other shorts within. The combination of thought provoking characters and horror elements really makes for some delightful scares. Keep the nightlight on.
0882847953|5.0|Syncopation is a classic in the drumming world. What is great about it is it goes through quarter notes, 8th notes, syncopation, 16th notes, 8ths with 16ths, triplets, accents, etc, and it does so in a way where the student can repeat the rhythm in a section, then move on to the next similar (but slightly different) one, then play a page where it combines the variations.<br /><br />It is great for learning how to read and how to play popular rhythms.<br /><br />Many instructors have devised numerous additional ways a student can go through the book as well (e.g., left hand plays the page/rhythms while the right hand plays an ostinato pattern).
B0058VW36U|5.0|AFGRYBFJBKVFHFHHF! GABOOF?!?3&quot;?#,!?$$ OMG I CANT BELIEVE IT AAA WW UHH GGG BBB GGG GCC GHBH HBV IG HVHJV HVVH FDFCCFG!
B006FE17Q6|5.0|When I started watching Walking Dead when season 1 premiered, I expected a low budget scare fest.<br />Man, was I wrong! The first thing that caught me was the writing, then the acting and then the special effects.<br />There hasn't been a decent program on TV in a while, that caught and kept my attention.<br /><br />At the end of each episode, I'm left saying \\"Well, I didn't see that coming\\".<br /><br />I'm not a zombie fanatic, but the drama of the story of these people surviving day to day.<br />You could replace the zombies with a storm and would still work<br />Excellent work from the cast & crew!!!<br />I can actually say I'm excited to see what the new season has in store for me.<br /><br />5 out of 5 stars!!
B004N6369Y|3.0|I feel like I read this somewhere else.  It wasn't her usual writing.  I was a bit disappointed. The whole story was so predictable it was almost boring.  I have nearly ever book Danielle has written.  I read then in one night....this went so fast as it was very familiar and I felt as if I had read it before.  I waited so long for it to come available and then finished it so fast.  Not happy.
B00518HBD0|5.0|I've been enjoying listening to this album. 3 Doors Down always manages to put out great songs, some slow, some faster paced!
B00000163G|5.0|I know for a fact Jack that his CD is $25.00 in the mall. I have owned this CD 3 times...my youthful ways kept pushing me to lend it out to friends...Long Story Short....my CD's were never returned! As a woman....I Will never lend it ot again....AMAZON made my eyes applaud when I saw my 4th opportunity to own this masterpiece ata fraction of the cost!   My CD has not arrived yet but I am confident it will be here soon!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This is a very good product protection device for a great and fun product. It will be recommended to family and friends.
B005ZUR724|1.0|$6.99 for an app that doesn't work and has virtually no support. o and a monthly fee.  thanks but no. kindle fire, says to update when there isn't one. good job devs
B0054JZC6E|5.0|games that make no sense, are retarded, weird, and so funny their stupid.... my kind of games, oh and did I mention they're awesome?
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game was and is really fun. I enjoy it.... my younger cousins enjoy it... even my parents enjoy it! a fun game for all ages... everybody will enjoy...
B006C1DH92|4.0|game is fun and all, works also. As for the noons saying buy a better phone because it can't play this game, get a life no one likes paying for a super high end phone.  Anyways if my cheap overclooked optimus v can play this game then yours can too. -1 star for no flient. Excuse my spelling on my phone
0307593312|4.0|It took me a long time to finish \\"1Q84\\" but not because it was a difficult read. It's just a very long book and one that I found easy to put down and pick back up even after an interval. It creates such a specific world that once you've opened the door, returning to the lives of Tengo and Aomame is easy. It only takes a few sentences to put you right back into 1984 Japan and the lives of a would-be fiction writer turned teacher turned ghost writer and a fitness instructor turned avenging assassin.  What Murakami seems most fascinated by is having both characters look back into their own lives when faced with their unusual present-day situations. This then leads them to look into the pasts of others and that's when facts and timelines begin to fracture. You soon wonder how far the story is going to move into the fantastical.  It's not Murakami's best book, but it feels like one that's much more about what Murakami wants to say than simply telling a story.
B004LROUW2|5.0|A brick of a book, at over 900 pages, 1Q84 is an almost surrealist piece of fiction which examines time and societal constructs. It really made me reflect on the way I see time. It also made me buy Jan&aacute;'ek's Sinfonietta. I am officially a fan of Mr. Murakami, and can't wait to get my hands on his other work.
B0063IH60K|5.0|enjoyable, entertaining and relaxing.  play almost every night before bed. better then watching t.v. love playing it with la's cages scoring....makes it more competitive
0547258305|3.0|(May contain some minor spoilers)  This is an easy read, I think, for most young adults. I enjoyed the straight-forward style and development, though it tends to border on predictable and stereotypical.  The main character is a little difficult for me to accept. I feel she doesn't REALLY go through any major change (making her a little static). When she finally learns to defy her uncle, it's not really a BIG change... she's just decided to apply her already-defiant nature to the guy. Still, it's okay. But then... she doesn't really go much further beyond that. Her faith in others is really only existent in Po, and no one else (she has some kind of leverage over others she works with, and never really HAS to trust anyone else).  Po is very static, and goes through pretty much no change... That's okay, but only if you like the way he starts to begin with. If his dreamy, pretty-boy, \\"open collar to reveal his neck\\" (as she describes him more than once) personality gets on your nerves... It doesn't change. If that sort of light, easy to grasp character is your type, it's fine. It made me gag a tad, but sappy, cheesy romance is something I enjoy, so I read it anyway.  A somewhat major flaw (in my opinion): Katsa describes her gift more than once as not only \\"survival\\", but \\"life\\". If that were accurate, why (as a woman) would she be so set against creating life by having her own children? I didn't mind either of these points, but in combination, they contradict each other. On a similar note, her inner debate of \\"lover vs. husband\\" was rather weak... The author wasn't really debating it: she had already made up her mind about what would happen. Po and Katsa are both very controlled by the author's biases, which is perfectly acceptable if you agree with her. Cashore is very much present in her characters, and so they lack the independence of more creative works, but all the same, they're fun people to read.  Overall, a decent, you-get-what-you-see book. It's not deep, or innovative, but it's well written and structured, and it tells a 'cute' love story. Don't try to look deep into it, you'll be disappointed. But if you just want something that won't try to twist your mind, or challenge your understanding of the universe... This is your book.
B000PC0U1W|1.0|The movie is fantastic, however the sound quality is really terrible. It would not play in true surround sound. Picture looks great, but I prefer to have sound and picture quality... The old DVD at least plays in surround sound.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I've been enjoying Spider on my Pc &amp; was happy to find the same version for my Kindle Fire. Even better -it was free!  It took a little getting used to on a small screen, but now it's just as much fun &amp;equally challenging.  I'm working my way up the number of suits.)
B0058VW36U|5.0|I absolutely love this app!! My friends and I would play for eternity. So glad that it's available for my kindle fire! The graphics are great and it definitely gives you an amazingly fun way to entertain yourself, challenge your thinking, and kill time. Cannot rave enough about this game!
1451627289|4.0|This was the first book by Stephen King that I have read (although I have seen a couple of movies based on his novels) and I was more than pleasantly surprised. He is a terrific writer with multi-dimensional characters and a wonderful writing style. This book pulled me in immediately and I was instantly intrigued. I was literally on the edge of my seat with the \\"teasing\\" up until the first time travel occurred. I'm not intimidated by long novels- the longer the better. This novel was like a journey where I did not think about the destination but enjoyed each moment of the experience. I will be reading many more of King's books in the future.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love this app! I use it in church when I'm preaching. Love the different translations. Would love to have some commentaries added.
B000FC130E|5.0|I keep wondering to myself why I haven't picked up Neil Gaiman sooner than this. At my age I should have read \\"Coraline\\" \\"Stardust\\" and even for goodness sakes get started with \\"The Sandman\\" graphic novel series and \\"American Gods\\", but no I have not. So, I attempted to open myself to Gaiman by reading \\"Neverwhere\\" since I am in love with the city of London and the idea of Door, Richard, and the Marquis intrigued me.<br /><br />I was not disappointed, I literally could not put it down (or my Kindle either). Now, I feel like I should have a paperback copy for my permanent book collection instead of just having the digital copy on my Kindle.<br /><br />I won't go in detail with the plot since so many people have mentioned it, but I will say it is quite a ride and Neil Gaiman will keep you entertained. One thing I know Neil Gaiman is known for is his referencing work, which I love as a fan of literature. The fact that he opened the book with a Machiavelli reference with his villains, to Shakespeare, Milton, The Wizard of Oz, and more just makes me pleased. I love it when other works are referenced and used so well, and the character of Door is quite unique and I really had a laugh with Richard and The Marquis.<br /><br />If you are a fan of fantasy and want something offbeat, I would highly recommend this book. It's engaging, detailed, bloody, cynical, fun, topsy-turvy, and most of all very much Neil Gaiman.
B006PKQQJS|1.0|it wont let my install it on my kindle fire, I usually love the game, so I need help? Plus it already purchased it! so yeah, fix this please.
B0060ZJ74O|5.0|I admit that (as a non-sports fan) I don't typically enjoy sports-themed films. They tend to be uplifting or inspiring in some way, but they're ultimately just too generic for my taste. Moneyball, based on Michael Lewis' book of the same name and derived from a true story, isn't a run-of-the-mill baseball movie and successfully breaks from some of those generic conventions, while managing to be crowd-pleasing enough for the average viewer. Adapted by two Academy Award-winning screenwriters, Steve Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin (coincidentally, the writers behind David Fincher's previous two films), it's an intelligent, well-structured film that moves quickly and hits all the right emotional cues.  `Based on a true story' is a relative term in Hollywood and I'm not sure how closely Moneyball sticks to the truth in its story, but that has little bearing on how well the story is told. Brad Pitt plays Billy Beane, a former Major League baseball player, working as the general manager of the Oakland Athletics. Upset with his underfunded team's recent loss and the impending departure of three star players, Billy attempts to overcome the financial restrictions that stand in his way of putting together a competitive. At a failed meeting, Billy meets Peter Brand (Jonah Hill), a young man with an economics degree from Yale, who specializes in player analysis. Using a sabermetric approach, based on a theory by Bill James, Brand has formulated an unorthodox way to assess a player's value. Beane hires Peter as Assistant General Manager and begins to put his theories to the test, despite the opposition from the more traditional baseball scouts who don't see the theories assisting Billy's ramshackle team. Billy faces a particularly dismissive attitude from the Oakland A's manager Art Howe (Philip Seymour Hoffman), who refuses to put some of Billy and Peter's ideas into motion due to his stress of working under a one-year contract. Baseball history buffs may know how everything pans outhere, but I found it mostly unexpected.  Pitt is charismatic and quick-witted in his role. It's a gum-smacking, charming performance that is just subtle enough to score a potential Oscar win. He has some tough competition, but appearing in two of the best films of the year certainly won't hurt his chances. Hill has received some attention for playing against type and he shows a previously unseen dramatic depth playing Peter Brand. Hill has been written off in some circles as a one-note comedic actor, but with his performance here and in last year's Cyrus he proves that he may have quite the emotional well to tap from. I wouldn't call his performance Oscar-worthy (no reflection on him, it's just not written to be), but his character is such a departure from his typical sarcastic persona, as well as likable and meek enough, that he may be nominated for one of the big awards. The screen is populated with some fine actors, but with so much focus on Pitt and Hill most are relegated to the background. Hoffman, reuniting with director Bennett Miller, who directed Hoffman to Oscar glory in Capote, deserves some recognition for his role as the cynical manager. Also noteworthy is Robin Wright as Billy's ex-wife and director Spike Jonze, in a one-scene role, as Wright's awkward new husband.  Unheard of in a baseball movie, there is more focus on people behind the scenes rather than on the field. The statistics and those who used them are the focal point, with attention being given to the players and actual on-field games only when it's necessary for an emotional payoff or to further the plot. Like he did in his Oscar-winning script for The Social Network, Sorkin takes numbers and data that would be incomprehensible to the average person in life and dull/confusing onscreen and somehow makes these pass by in an accessible, compelling manner. Along with Zaillian, he has made the thinking-man's baseball movie that, ironically, does the thinking for you.   Moneyball is a strange version of the Hollywood, sports film that follows the traditional template enough to draw viewers in and breaks from it enough to please viewers looking for something a little different. With two of Hollywood's brightest screenwriters, a talented director, and an eclectic cast giving some terrific performances, it carries a rather anti-Hollywood message and is accessible enough to be enjoyed by sports fans and non-sports fans. Against the odds, it's an exceptional slice of Americana and extraordinarily crowd-pleasing entertainment.  GRADE: A-
B0042JTAI8|3.0|I just finished The Distant Hours.  (literally....stayed up well into the early morning hours to finish it)  I agree with other reviewers who say that this book could have easily been shortened.  The plot did drag on a bit, and in the end, I found that I did not care as much about the characters as I did in her previous two novels.  Morton has a gift for creating memorable characters and providing elegant descriptions, but this particular story could have benefited from deeper development of some of the secondary characters (Meredith, Thomas, and Juniper, in particular).  This was a good story, and there was no way I was going to abandon it once I started reading, but it could have been better.    That being said, I will buy every single novel Kate Morton writes.  I simply think she is one of the best writers out there. While The Distant Hours didn't affect me emotionally in the same way The House at Riverton and The Forgotten Garden did, it is still a good novel, one that I'm glad I took the time to read.
B006C1DH92|4.0|I am not a game player but I like this Kitty cat, so I downloaded this app.....oh, no! This game is fun. It doesn't require too much of me in the way of strategizing, for which I am thankful. Beating Houston traffic requires all the strategies I can muster!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|this app is so helpful and very easy to understand! I now almost never loose my Internet connections. I strongly recommend this to anyone who is on the move a lot!
B005HP2JAM|4.0|In Cave of Forgotten Dreams maverick director Werner Herzog takes his film crew into the Chauvet Cave of Southern France, home to mankind's oldest known pictorial drawings. Carbon dating has found the earliest drawings to have been created 32,000 years ago with some others aged 25,000 years. As well as writing and directing the documentary, Herzog also narrates in his trademark style that provides background to the images he's showing to his audience while incorporating his own musings about the images that range from obscure to obscurely profound. Herzog has long established himself as one of the great film directors of the world, but he's also one of the great documentarians, delving into his chosen subjects with a zeal that no other director can emulate.  Going too in-depth with a description of a documentary only serves to spoil what occurs within. Having said that, I'll leave you to either see the documentary yourself or find more detailed information about it. Basically, the doc consists of exploring the interior of the Chauvet Caves (under strict conditions, due to the fragility of the site) and interviews with experts about various aspects of the cave. As is typical of Herzog there are also moments that drift into other topics while Herzog offers his personal philosophies on the subject.  Despite his reservations about the format, Herzog chose to shoot this documentary in 3D. I, like most people, find 3D to be nothing more than a gimmick but, unlike most people, I prefer it exploit that gimmick to the fullest extent possible. When I see a film in 3D, I want things to obnoxiously fly out of the screen at me. The main proponents of 3D filmmaking, notably James Cameron, have tried to change the way people think of 3D by using it \\"artistically,\\" not as a gimmick, but as a way to increase a viewer's experience of the film by bringing them closer to the cinematic world. It's a nice idea, but I haven't found that use of it any more fulfilling than the traditional 2D format. Despite this opinion, Herzog's use of 3D is the most effective use I've ever seen in a live-action film, as it has purpose and actually succeeds at increasing the viewing experience. Herzog does not use the format in a gimmicky way, but as a way to fully illustrate the drawings and emphasize the structure of the cave walls that host them. Because of the shapes of the walls, the 3D allows you to really see the caves in a way that 2D simply wouldn't allow. Without ever invading theatre space, Herzog has brought me into the film more convincingly than any other director who has worked with the format. The first shot slowly progresses down a path and actually provides the illusion that you are on that path, while the cave footage is the closest a filmmaker has come, with cinematic tools, to actually bringing his audience along with him. Seeing the walls of the cave in three dimensions allow you to admire the artistry and the contours of the cave to such an extent, it feels like you're observing these images over Herzog's shoulder. This is the only film that has made me feel like I was standing in front of and admiring an actual object. Shot with custom-designed, handheld 3D cameras, it does get a little shaky at times and I still don't fully endorse the 3D format; but Herzog has shown me that 3D can, in fact, be used artistically and with a purpose rather than a way to exploit the novelty of things onscreen being flung at you.  The documentary itself has all the trademarks of a Herzog documentary. The interviews, with various experts from a wide range of fields, tend to be so delightfully weird they'd be perfectly at home in some of Herzog's non-documentary films. Throughout Cave of Forgotten Dreams there are images of striking beauty, underscored by Ernest Reijseger's operatic music, and fascinating elements that only Herzog could really bring to a film on this subject. In case you're not too familiar with Herzog's documentaries, they stray far from a cinmavrit style and a large part of their effect comes from the way he interprets what he's filming. Rather than just pointing his camera at something and letting it speak for itself, Herzog adds his own ideas and sometimes incomprehensible, but always fascinating, interpretations and that's what we're given. It makes for fascinating filmmaking, but it doesn't always produce a fascinating film.  At several moments during the film's whopping 90-minute running time, I found myself wondering if Herzog had enough usable footage to fit that span of time. A film's entertainment value is not indicative of its quality and Herzog films don't always entertain, nor do they intend to, as they usually exist on such a radically different cinematic plane than other films. However, due to restrictions Herzog faced while filming within the cave and the rather small amount of drawings that are there anyway, I began to feel that he had padded the film significantly to reach this running time. Certain interview segments seem to stretch on long after the interviewee has revealed anything of importance or necessity, perhaps because Herzog was simply more fascinated by these people than I was. I felt my interest slip further when things began seeming repetitious. While I was frequently wowed by the beauty of the cave drawings, Herzog returns several times to the same drawings and allows his camera to silently linger on them for prolonged periods of time, almost like he's tempting those unimpressed members of the audience to stare at the drawings until they see the same beauty Herzog himself sees. I can't escape the idea that Herzog stretched a 40-minute documentary into a 90-minute one. Whether this reflects on the film itself or me as the viewer is open for debate. Taking the enjoyment factor out and looking at the film from a purely cinematic standpoint, it's a well-made documentary that contains fascinating images of the remaining remnants of long-gone human history and it boasts a brilliantly inspired use of the over-used 3D format. Additionally, the postscript is so bizarre and brilliant (although, I admit, I'm not sure why) it could only have come from the unique mind of Werner Herzog.  Objectively, this is a very good documentary about a very interesting historical subject that will intrigue those interested in art and/or history or just those interested in knowledge itself. Subjectively, how much you enjoy the film may be dictated by both the interest you have in the subject and your enjoyment of the way Herzog handles that subject. It's a film that begs to be appreciated even if it's not enjoyed. While I can't say that I was enraptured by all 90 minutes of it, I'm very appreciative of the subject matter, the filmmaking, and the overall experience. If nothing else, the film will enlighten you to a bit of human history and show even the harshest critic that 3D can be utilized as an effective tool in cinema. Until seeing the 3D in Cave of Forgotten Dreams, I had been ignorant to just how much this technology really had to offer. I still have my doubts about it but, in the hands of people as talented as Herzog, this is the first time I've seen the potential for this moneymaking gimmick to actually be used as a serious art form.  GRADE: B-
B005ZUR724|1.0|I didn't know that this game is unstable. it keeps saying that I need to update the game to play with. The problem is, update is not available till today. Very frustrated.
B004SEUIWY|4.0|A really good movie if your into that era and all that renfest stuff which I am.Great story line.Reminds me of all those movies..like the golden fleece.
1466401885|5.0|I would like to think that I would never fall in love with a boy like Travis, but then again I don't think Abby ever really had a choice in the matter. As another reviewer said... Read it. Devour it. Love it. I believe I have done so over 4 times already. Yes, its that good.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I loved this book. This is the kind of book you can read in couple days... fast and easy to read. Keep in mind that the book is based on 5 years old mind and the words are very simple (makes more real to me). Loved it! MAde me think about simple stuff we dont pay attention on every day life.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|We had this on VHS when I was young and we would watch it every Christmas. 24 years later and we still take the time to watch it during the holidays. This film can be enjoyed by young and old alike. The music, which is the centerpiece of the work since there are no words, is wonderful and enchanting. I always get chills when I hear, or even think about \\"Walking in the air.\\" The animation is simple, classic, and timeless. Awesome film. Should be in every home.
0739384198|5.0|This book on disk is beautifully read.  Simon Vance does a great job of creating different voices, accents, and tones for each character and maintaining consistency of the characters throughout the book.  It was a great choice for a long road trip.  We could start and stop it as needed during the trip and easily pick up where we left off.  The book itself has been extensively reviewed by others, but is exciting and draws the listener into the story and characters.  An overall good choice for a book on disk.
B005ZUR724|5.0|this is an amazing game. its a fully functional mmorpg for th kindle fire. the only problem is that the game server got an update that amazon has yet to release, so all we can do is sit and wait, and beleive me, its worth the wait.
B005HSG3U6|1.0|I bought this thinking the stand would be totally worth it, but I hate it and it's already cracked.  You cannot turn the pages when your Kindle is in the cover.
B0007OASII|5.0|THIS is a terrific album!  I came upon Kamelot by accident earlier this year.  I instantly fell in love with Roy Khan's voice.  It is strong, operatic at times, but also fits very well with this style of music.  This is made very apparent in the song \\"The Haunting\\".  This song is pure ear sex!!!  It is addicting!  According to iTunes I have listened to that song over 230 times...  Anyhoo!  My favorite songs are \\"March of Mephisto\\", \\"The Haunting\\", \\"This Pain\\", and \\"Serenade\\".  If you aren't sure whether you like symphonic metal or not, give this band/album a try.  You won't be sorry.
B0063IH60K|4.0|fun classic game. lot of options and great way to pass the time. it will always be in my game menu.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love this app.. very addicting. simple and easy to use. play it anytime. Well worth the effort to download. Enjoy.
B00000AFDW|5.0|What's really interesting about Psycho Circus is a lot of fans slag it off because it wasn't a \\"band effort\\" but at the same time they praise Creatures of the Night which was made under similar circumstances and recorded in a much similar manner.    I can understand why some fans don't like this album because it was suppose to be their big comeback after their highly successful 1996-1997 Reunion tour and first studio album together in almost twenty years and all that B.S. but what I care most about is the songs and Psycho Circus really delivers in that area.  Paul's lead off track and the album's title track is a skull crushing, ear bleeding rock and roll masterpiece.  It doesn't really get any better than that.  Gene surprisingly has an amazing showing on this album.  Mr. $immons really hits it out of the park every time at bat.  Within, We Are One and Journey of 1,000 Years are all awesome songs and could fit just about on any album in the band's history.  They are very timeless songs.  Gene's only misstep is You Wanted The Best but it's far from a throw away or piece of crap.  It has kind of a weak chorus but the verses are a rocking with contributing vocals by all the band members and the guitar solo is great and harkens back to classic KISS albums from the 70s.  Some people are overly critical of Paul's songs on Psycho Circus but they are much better songs that what Paul has done in the past on albums like Unmasked, Music From The Elder, Hot In The Shade, Revenge and Carnival of Souls.  Into The Void is the only real weak song on the album.  It's too bad that the band couldn't work out their differences and make it a real team effort but this is a practice that started with this very lineup twenty years before in the late 70s and continued on for the next two decades so fans really can't knock the band for that.  That's just how they record albums.  It would have been nice to hear about them getting along and recording the album together but they stopped getting along during the Reunion tour and I have to commend Gene and Paul for trying to make it work with an addict like Ace was at the time, but that's not their fault.  Sometimes, you just have to cut your losses.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|Why would anyone believe in Crap like this ? It's all just a made up story. If I was ever given a bible I would rather use it to start my bon fires than to have someone think I believe in that Crap
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|Saw the movie before we purchased it. Thaks so much for a timely  reception of this DVD --- Gave it as a gift to someone who would appreciate it  as much as we did.
B002ZRPQ5K|5.0|Never haerd of this performer until now. A few cuts hated but the ones I liked awesome. Thank you Amazon for exposing me to new music.
B000001ELD|5.0|What amazes me most is how The Elder gets so much love and praise from the KISS fan base but this album doesn't.  This is probably the most experimental KISS album from the 1970s and in my view, one of the best.  It's got everything and more on it.  I can't really give highlights because EVERY song is great on it and Gene's experimentation is awesome.  Even the lyrically challenged Living In Sin is a great song with a funny guest appearance by Gene's then girlfriend at the time, Cher.  Gene's Beatles inspired acoustic side shines through on See You Tonight, Always Near You(Nowhere To Hide), Man of 1,000 Faces and the excellent Mr. Make Believe.  He's got a church choir in the middle part of True Confessions which is great considering how much crap the band got from religious nut cases back then.  Gene really brings it here and while Ace's may have sold a few thousand more copies(Gene's, Paul and Ace's all sold relatively the same amount), Gene's is by far the most musically adventurous and has the best results.  The bizarro intro to Radioactive is some of the coolest music on any KISS album ever.
0061537969|5.0|As I read the Art of Racing in the Rain I could relate so many times via laughter, tears and \\"aha\\" moments my dog Remi had in common with Enzo. So if you are searching for a great book to read, The Art of Racing in the Rain is one. Be prepared for belly laughes and eye stinging tears...you will be better for it.
B004Z7AHZC|4.0|I honestly wasn't expecting the movie to be as good as is was. I suppose my favorite part was either the audience cheering for Roderick's mom crazy dancing which Loded Diper confused into cheering for them. Or when Roderick and Greg were being chased by Greg's gym teacher.
B000GG4KTU|5.0|Great music to listen to, when you're out on patrol in Afganistan. The locals hate it so you know that it must be good
B000001EL7|4.0|I like it! The beginning of SuperKISS!  The album cover is really cool and done by the same guy who did Destroyer.  I Stole Your Love, Love Gun, Plaster Caster, Hooligan, Christine Sixteen, Shock Me are real highlights and even Gene's two obscure songs Got Love For Sale and Almost Human are cool and kind of a stretch for the band, Almost Human especially, something you might hear on Destroyer.  I even like their cover of Then She Kissed Me, not sure it was a necessary edition but it came out cool.  Love Gun could have been a double album had they used the studio tracks from side 4 of Alive II and maybe threw in one or two other cool songs.  Tomorrow and Tonight is the weakest song on the album but it's not that bad.  I'm not sure when they were written but All American Man or Rocking In The USA would have been better choices.  Overall, a great album with more solid production by Eddie Kramer and great performances by the band.
B000B8QF00|4.0|This Music CD contains many of Alanis Morisette's best songs and is definitely one of my favorites. It is definitely a must have for any rock collection.
B000F8O35U|5.0|This CD came much sooner than expected and was exactly as described.  I would definitely use this seller in the future!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great app, I can't believe it's free! There are a lot of choices of Bible translations to suit just about anyone. Also there are a number of reading plans to encourage readers to actually *read* the bible. If you are someone who is into social media, you can also share what you are reading with others. Once again, I can't believe something this good is free!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app is super easy to use. Works great on my kindle fire. No glitches, only one pop up at beginning of each game, no big deal. Love it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really liked these games because they are fun. download. my friend told me it was awesome. that's how I knows about ir.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|i really like this app! i tried several others and this is the only one i was satisfied with. if you are looking for a certain version and an easy way to find certain parts of the book, you should try this app. ive had no errors with it
B002JVWR4K|5.0|Love the Bones series.  Great price, great condition when I recieved it.  Wish bluray prices were like this all year round and not just Black Friday!
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Great replacement for an scratched up copy that went through a move across counties. Wife loves to watch movie alot.
B006C1DH92|3.0|I downloaded this game for my son on his Ematic Funtab tablet and it installed fine BUT will not run! I also downloaded it on my HTC Merge and it works fine there. What is the story with that!? Also, when I search the app store on the tablet there is no free version of angry birds, but of course there is when I search using my phone or pc!?? I even tried purchasing on the pc and installing to the tablet but it didn't work. Any helpful suggestions would be appreciated.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is so so so so cool. I have bin playing this game ever sents I got it and I love it
B005DI65L2|2.0|I was greatly disappointed with this book. I'm really surprised that it was a best seller. Quality literature and dogs are two of my favorite things. I've had dogs and read about dogs for forty years. In this case I felt like I was reading a text book, not the work of an experienced writer who would inform and entertain. Also, since I was specifically interested in what was going on inside a dog, I felt I really wasn't given a lot. Had to dig through the book to find pertinent information. Lots of extraneous information that was of no interest to me.
6305128952|1.0|The behavior of the problem horse in this movie is totally Hollywood nonsense. The horse training showed in the movie was pathetic.
B005ZUR724|2.0|ok well this game is 5stars definatley but I tried to play it today and there is an unavailable update. like what the fudge!?!?
B0054JZC6E|4.0|so good!!! it has 117 games y y y. y y y y y y y y y y y
B006C1DH92|1.0|normally the app store will let you know if you will have a problem using the app. im stuck with an app that should run fine on my tablet but it just crashes after the game loading screen. please run an update!!
B004DH8IK0|5.0|I found this album thru Soundhound on my IPhone . This is an amazing mix of music that they don't play on the radio very often.  It has kind of a techno dance beat and I just can't seem to take it out of my cd player. This is one of my favorite finds. I highly recommend it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so I like playing all of these games for free. its awesome to play I cant shop playing it is addicting to play.
B0000024IE|5.0|If you like Public Enemy this is a must have.  Each cut resounds better than the last.  Chuck D and the boys always have a message on every song.
B005ZUR724|1.0|an awesome game but the patch needs to come out. its useless now. other than the patch problem the game play os great good graphics and dosent lag.
B0055SWM08|5.0|glad to play this sweet little game ... very pretty graphics and interesing puzzles ... well worth the price, even if it isn't totally unique
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|ive played this bird launching games,there are birds that blow up, multiply or go full speed power.I would reccomend this game to proletariat who like launching birds.
B005974CDU|2.0|I don't like long reviews, but this album was so bad that I had to write something.  This album is simply recycled, forgettable, and boring.  I've been a fan for 25 years, and I have already filed away this album.  I think Kevin Moore was more important to the band's writing then they realized.  Portnoy was right, they need a break, and more importantly, Jordan needs to go!
B004FRX0MY|3.0|I like being able to use Amazon MP3. Not a fan of the cloud player because it uses my limited data. And I wish they hadn't taken away the free song of the day.
B004XCUEU2|5.0|Well balanced, honest documentary about the Foo Fighters and all of its past members. Even though this is clearly still the Dave Grohl show (and friends), it offers interesting insights into the dynamics of the band and their recording process. One of the best rock documentaries ever.
159514188X|1.0|This was a terrible book.<br /><br />The only reason I can even begin to guess it has such high ratings is because of the topic matter/idea. It isn't given enough attention, and the idea for this book was fantastic. I was so excited to read it.<br /><br />The writing is poor, the book is longer than it should be, there are awkward cuts in the \\"tape\\" where there shouldn't be (why do you have to interrupt Hannah talking to tell us/the reader a drop of water made its way down the glass?) and it got really boring and distracting.<br /><br />I didn't even want to finish this book. I forget what person I got to--hot tub guy toward the end, I think? I don't want to give away any spoilers--but I was just to the point where I couldn't stand any of the characters (especially Hannah!!) anymore, and finishing it was just a chore.<br /><br />Very disappointed in this book--the premise had so much promise!
B003EMFC04|4.0|The movie is spectacular--who doesn't love RDJ and Jude Law--but the comic is absolutely horrendous story wise(the art isn't bad, but it's not very creative). Not only does the story imply that Holmes and Adler have sex, but here are some quotes taken directly from the comic:  \\"He(Holmes) grabs her throat demanding she return his prize. She(Adler) uses martial arts to free herself and runs for the door\\". But wait, it gets better. \\"Holmes, now a true believer in magic, secretly hides the talisman...\\"   I'm not a big stickler to those kinds of things, but for Holmes' sake it is the worst, most out of character, poorly imagined piece of fandom it has ever been my misfortune to read. Don't waste your money, and don't waste your time if all you're after is the comic book.  Sincerely,  A disappointed fan  (The rating loses a star because of the comic)
B0058VA2U4|5.0|So I recently ordered a CD from this company Anthrax's latest endeavor Worship Music is an awesome CD best 1 since the sound of white noise.  So I'm very happy with the CD not getting charged twice to mail me 2 discs from the same place.  I also had to mail a screw up back 2 them so I payed for 3 S&P charges and they did nothing 2 help me out. Regardless read my other review if U wanna get the gist of it.
B005DOKK7Q|4.0|I have had my case for about a month. I think it is a great choice if you just want a cover and not a fancy cover that turns into a stand. Here are the pros and cons:  Pros: It does not add a lot of weight.     It doesn't add a lot of size.    The inside provides good protection.  Cons: The only con I can think of is it's chemical smell. It wasn't THAT bad, and the smell wore off within a week and a half.   I think that it's a good choice for just a cover that costs about $30.
B004EPZ084|3.0|I ordered this movie because I had heard it was a very funny movie.  It was okay. I didn't necessarily think it was a waste of time to watch, but it was not funny enough that I would have wanted to own the movie.  I should have paid $1 at Redbox to watch the movie and saved some money.
1400069181|5.0|This book is perfect if you feel that you are in a lul in your life and want to do something that makes a difference!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game and it's very User friendly.  Before I know it an hour goes by and I only plan to play a short time.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|Everything seems to be okay except that it came with the wrong cable...It was missing the power cable that has a usb end (which connects to the headphone) and the DC end (which connects to the power supply). Without this cable I cannot even turn this on so I am unable to use it until I get the cable. Turtle beach says this has a manufacture warranty but it takes weeks and it's all done through email. I ended up just having to buy the missing cable myself.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Thanks Amazon! I ordered online and it turned out that all the local stores were sold out and the cost on Amazon was less! Just a great deal!
0307408833|5.0|Extremely quick shipping, product in excellent condition, perfectly described. Item looked brand new as if I had just picked it up off the shelves of a bookstore myself. Very happy.
B006O5YHUY|5.0|Great movie IMO. I'm very pleasantly surprised. I agree with what has been stated before that this is not just a movie about MMA. The MMA is just gravy with several familiar faces making appearances. Whether you're an MMA fan or not I recommend this movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game. lots of things to do and play.  it is a game fun fir all ages.
B000L53D4O|2.0|I was excited when my son received this as a gift for Christmas.  He is 9 months old and cruising furniture.  He loves this walker, however, I am not impressed.  It is so light weight that when he just pushes it a little, he can flip it over.  I always supervise my son when he is \\"walking\\", however, this toy does not seem safe at all.  When it is in the locked position, he can also flip it over.
142313866X|5.0|I was lucky enough to receive the Animation Archive Series books on Animation, Design, and Story last Christmas, and this year I was able to complete the set! The books are all amazing, each full of so many different images, many from some of their older or less popular films, making each book a visual timeline for the company.  This book specifically is a treasure to look at, as the backgrounds are something we don't always pay attention to during the viewing of the films, partly because the role of the background in an animated movie is to remain in the BACK. But when a background is done well, it becomes an environment, something real that the characters live in, and that's exactly what this book showcases.   If you liked the rest of the books in the series or are just a nut about layouts and backgrounds, this book will not disappoint!
B004LWZW4C|4.0|Not bad for a prequel to XMen. Fairly good plot and the acting was at least true to the characters we know.   It's worth  it for a nice evening.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Enjoyed the book and the pages flew by.... I enjoyed the historical aspect of the entire novel down to the most minute detail.  King did a great deal of research and it showed in this book.  I overall just had a good time reading this book and looked forward to the down time of the day to get back into the book.
B000JD4SLK|1.0|Since you give no details about this book, let me help.  This Readers' Digest Condensed Book Vol 5 1990 includes 4 books:<br />Purpose of Evasion - Greg Dinallo<br />Coyote Waits  - Tony Hillerman<br />Snare of Serpents  - Victoria Holt<br />Harvest  - Belva Plain<br /><br />If you really have the book to sell, then certainly you must have this detail.
B005N95JA4|4.0|Just got this one before the Christmas holiday. The remastered \\"Some Girls\\" sounds a bit more \\"compressed\\" than my LP especially on the cymbals/kit & sounds ok. My advise is dont dump your vinyl. My good condition LP does sound better than the cd. The bonus disc has some decent cuts on it but this would never have been the Stones answer to \\"Exile\\". The Stones did cull the best or most exciting trax to make a pretty sturdy lp & one that has held up fairly well. The addition of Ron Wood is very evident on this release. The Stones exhibit good energy & over all pretty good \\"live\\" sounding songs verses overly slick & produced stuff that mars their other efforts. Some Girls more or less harkens back to the original line up where there was no real \\"designated\\" lead guitarist like the \\"Jones\\" era & the results are pretty cool & raw sounding. If anything borrow a copy to hear the bonus trax which I think are decent & better than the so called bonus trax offered on the Exile reissue. But, the best version of Girls is still the vinyl.
B0041TM3LA|5.0|These are all trio recordings with Ed Thigpen (drums)  and Ray Brown (bass) from 1959.  The remastered sound is excellent - crisp and clean.  I don't have the original recordings to compare, but I couldn't ask for better sound from late 50s recordings.  There is presence and clarity in the sound, with all three instruments clearly heard.  Oscar and the trio's playing is, as always, absolutely top-notch.  These are all studio recordings, with individual tracks mostly under 5 minutes in length.  Recommended as an economical way to gain exposure to this great music if you don't already own these albums.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|This an fantastic invention!It is one the best apps I have seen! I am a HUGE art person and now I can create art anytime, anywhere with paint, Crayon, markers, stamps, and a large selecting of backrounds and stickers. You can even choose.the size of the brush. Then just save it and create a collection of one-of-a-kind creations by you! You have try this and I can almost guarantee you WILL enjoy it! Great for all ages and personalities. Great when you are bored, too. Let your imagination run wild!
B000VUJFZU|1.0|When reviewing this readers' digest condensed book vol 4 1980, I found that the jacket displayed was the jacket from readers' digest condensed book vol 4 1992.  You should really edit your displays in a better manner.
1419702203|5.0|Good book well written nice pictures thank you   Story nice sad ending interesting fun music life family George Harrison living in the material wordl good
B006C1DH92|5.0|Great game for Kindle Fire, just got mine for Christmas and I'm still learning. Came across apps today and got this one for free. Great fun waste of time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a hood app keeps kids entertained and goin but some are pretty hard to accomplish... but still fun.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|I loved this book!  I was a little hesitant to purchase after reading the reviews but I am glad I did.  Another reviewer labeled this book as a \\"twilight for adults\\" and I couldn't agree more.  It deserves a much higher rating than it has received.  I can't wait for book 2!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|love this game! addictive fun free can it get any better then that? if for some crazy reason you don't have this app get it get it now!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I enjoy being able to easily finish when I have skipped a day. It is perfect for reaching goals in your bible reading.
0385534639|4.0|This is an enjoyable read.  The characters are many and varied.  I found it confusing. At times as the author does not follow a consistant time line.  While magic is a core plot device it does not take away from the relationships of her characters.  Not epic literature,  but an engaging book.
0142419400|5.0|Perkins's style is such a mixture of playful, fun and teen angst that it is bound to sound authentic in a YA novel. Her characters inhabit the pages with the same joie de vivre as their tiny student rooms. They're charming, full-bodied like a glass of Bordeaux, sparkly creatures that make you fall in love with them with the same intensity as when you had that very first major crush ... way back when.<br /><br />And despite the 350+ pages, the plot never wavers, never slumps. This is in part because Anna's love story with the perfect boy is not actually the only love story in the novel. Anna also falls in love with Paris and Perkins seamlessly weaves interesting tidbits about the city's past and its monuments into the plot, turning it into another enchanting and chic supporting character.<br /><br />When you start reading, just make sure you have the entire afternoon off as you'll want to finish it in one go.
B004EPYZU8|5.0|When I first saw the trailer for this movie I thought it looked completely stupid. The weird thing is that the trailer grew on me to the point where I eventually wanted to see the movie...really bad! From start to finish, I freakn loved this film! The story, the effects, the action sequences, it was everything I could really ask for. One thing I noticed about the people who dont like this movie are actually quite bitter about it. I think it was over their head, and didnt realize that it actually does have a good ending. All the complaints about this movie being degrading towards women is bogus! Yes, women are degraded throughout this film, but that doesnt make it a film that is degrading towards women. If anything, it is the quintessential girl power movie! Every action scene has girls kicking serious trash. One of the final scenes of the movie has Emily Browning (aka Babydoll) kicking a bad guy in the balls. Cmon people! It doesnt get any more girl power than that! Btw, the music in this movie is amazing, and i loved how Emily Browning sang a few of my all time favorite songs.  This is a movie that I had to instantly add to my top 5 favorite films of all time.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|I hate this. ot wont download for me... rarrrrrrrr.  how do I download this game... why wont it work... it is making me angry
0345529057|5.0|Product perfect, shipping was speedy. Series came in a case that holds all 4 together- very convenient. Could not be happier with Amazon and my purchase!
B001AQT11M|5.0|I ordered this classic dvd as a gift for a grandchild.  It arrived well within the alloted time and was very well packaged.  Another good buy from Amazon.  EP
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game rocks I.play it.on my kindle fire and on.my ipod I think.I am move&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 I.could dat angry birds ha ha
B004MC8CA2|1.0|I go to click the Icon that shows I have other apps pending (which they havent downloaded and its been hours! probably because of this app) and I click on one of the icons pending and it goes strait to the Bible app. (the page that says 'install' or 'save') I uninstalled the app and removed it in every way I could from my kindle fire but it wont stop popping up when I click on the pending applications. maybe the big man is suggesting to stick to my personal hardback cover that I take to church. DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!!!
B000A2IPP0|1.0|Yuck! This is the worst thing to happen to film since they COLORIZED black and white films!!! What's with all the added CG effects to E.T.'s face? And E.T. LEAPING through the woods like a GAZELLE?! This DVD ISN'T the origional version of the film. It's AWFUL! Ruined this movie for me. Guess what's going to the Goodwill this month?
B005G4TJUC|5.0|Purchased this dvd as a gift.  It arrived well within the alloted time and was well packaged.  Another good buy through Amazon, my place to shop!  EP
B0057R5XRG|4.0|I ordered this because my grandson really enjoys watching this series. It is an activity that we do together. It is an excellent value and quality. We have watched this series several times over Christmas break and he never grows tired of it. In addition,I also must say that ordering form Amazon is easy, convenient, and shipping is prompt.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game was definitely a good download. I got my Kindle Fire for Christmas and immediately searched for a good solitaire app. This one had good reviews and I now know why. So happy with this app!
B005HSG3VK|4.0|I'm generally satisfied with this cover, but I wish I'd chosen a color other than white.  It became dirty looking on the corners and edges almost immediately, being carried in my fairly pristine handbag and being set down restaurant tables.  The discoloration can't be easily removed.  The description says the cover has a \\"sleek...hard polycarbonate back shell\\" which I took to mean had a slick cover that could be easily cleaned.  However, it has a somewhat porous surface that seems to attract dust and stains.  Other than that, I like the hinged cover and the elastic closure band.  The white cover does make it easier to find in my cavernous handbag, which is why I went with that color.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|I ordered this dvd as a gift for a grandchild.  It arrived well within the alloted time, and was well packaged.  Another good buy from Amazon, one of my favorite places to shop.  EP
B005K17RU0|5.0|I've had no problems with this app. I find myself going to this app first thing in the morning because it's easier than firing up my computer.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I really enjoy playing this game.Om Nome is so cute!Playing this game is super fun.putting candy in OmNoms mouth is a lot funner than it looks!You should really try it!
6304698658|5.0|We always watch this movie after Thanksgiving. It's a tradition at our household. A planned out family Christmas that goes wrong but then turns  for the better.  Lots of laughs.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|An absolutely essential tool. I have Evernote on literally every device I own. I'd be lost without it. The android app is great.
1416562605|4.0|Painful to read and painful to get through. Poverty is soul destroying as this book so expertly and with a bull's eye direct hit pointedly remonstrates with the reader, in fact, I'd say begs the reader to see walking in the shoes of someone who grows up so horribly poor and demeaned. Any errors in describing specific Indian poverty should be overlooked because the big picture of poverty is so ably and realistically portrayed. Any poor citizen in the world from Africa to the Americas, if they've had enough of an education to read will recognize the utter helplessness and feelings of hopelessness and futility of being poor. I highly recommend that people fast for three days, live on the streets without bathing, flush bathroom or money, sit on a sidewalk and see how the world behaves towards you.  I have read many reviews where it is obvious the world of poverty is an abstract idea and has never been lived. Poor people in every society not only live with the degradation and pain of having nothing next door to impossible wealth, but they are pressed deeper into filth with accusations of immorality and lack of will. Before panning this book, if you cannot get past a mental mindset based on a middle-class lifestyle and education, you will not see what the book is really about. Yes, it uses an Indian backset and a class culture created by the Hindu religion, but the point is how poverty overwhelms the luxury of morality and generosity and love. When you are poor love, marriage and children drown you into deeper generational poverty. Lack of education further dooms one into a life of slavery, whatever Pollyanna words (such as 'servants', virtually unpaid) are used to cover up the utter failure to help a human being to read, eat well, or live in clean housing, or raise children in a decent environment. Any traveler to many countries has seen children playing in open sewers without, I suspect, really thinking about that for too long. I've been in conversations where well fed Westerners cannot fathom \\"how they can live like that.\\" I cannot fathom the lack of empathy or understanding. Any doctor can describe how a lifetime of malnutrition affects the brain and body. Any person with means who moved to a new city and feels lost without knowing where the stores and dry cleaners are is getting a very small taste of what it is like for a person of no education and low caste to function in a higher tech world. Add in cultural religious pieties which in my experience are as useful as handing toys to a starving child and you have a class of humans who believe in their enslavement and early death and utter misery is their lot, as well as the spitting in their faces by wealthier folks who despise them for their dirty bodies, lack of teeth and cultural practices which add to their poor health. Carl Rogers wrote of how his eyes were opened when he went to China as a missionary convinced that Christianity would lift the Chinese out of a \\"lessor\\" society, only to discover schools and food and doctors and decent housing would do far more to improve the lives of the poor Chinese rather than memorizing Bible verses. When it comes to poverty so many people think in terms of spiritual salvation and morality and ignore the physical necessities of survival.Westerners cannot fathom \\"how they can live like that.\\" I cannot fathom the lack of empathy or understanding. Any doctor can describe how a lifetime of malnutrition affects the brain and body. Any person with means who moved to a new city and feels lost without knowing where the stores and dry cleaners are is getting a very small taste of what it is like for a person of no education and low caste to function in a higher tech world. Add in cultural religious pieties which in my experience are as useful as handing toys to a starving child and you have a class of humans who believe in their enslavement and early death and utter misery is their lot, as well as the spitting in their faces by wealthier folks who despise them for their dirty bodies, lack of teeth and cultural practices which add to their poor health. Carl Rogers wrote of how his eyes were opened when he went to China as a missionary convinced that Christianity would lift the Chinese out of a \\"lessor\\" society, only to discover schools and food and doctors and decent housing would do far more to improve the lives of the poor Chinese rather than memorizing Bible verses. When it comes to poverty so many people think in terms of spiritual salvation and morality and ignore the physical necessities of survival.
0446585025|5.0|My friend loved this book. She said that she laughs out loud while reading it and is enjoying it greatly.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|I'm a huge science fiction fan. I've read hundreds of science fiction books and watched dozens and dozens of science fiction movies. I've watched Forbidden Planet with Walter Pideon, Anne Francis and Leslie Nielsen and Robbie the robot at least 20 times. INMO the movie on DVD is in the top 5 science fiction movies of ALL time. Look at all the many 5 star ratings by other reviewers. Trust me...this DVD is fantastic.<br /><br />Filmed in Cinemascope.,the color is great and so is the sound.<br /><br />We see the crew on a flying saucer type spaceship being told on no circumstance to land on Altair 4 by Professor Morpheus but they  land as the Captain has orders to find out what happened to the first expedition on Altair 4. Earth spaceships now have hyperdrive allowing many times the speed of light. The special effects for 1950ish movies was spectacular but of secondary importance. This movie won awards mainly because of INMO superb acting by all 3 main actors/actress and a fantastic plot.<br /><br />All of the members of the previous ship were either killed by some monstrous invisible beast or vaporised when the first ship tried to escape. The only survivors were Professor Morpheus played by Walter Pidgen, his wife who later died of natural causes and his now grown up beautiful daughter played by Anne Francis. Leslie Nielsen is the Captain of the second expedition sent to take survivors back to Earth if in danger. Innocent  Morpheus's daughter has never seen a man other than her father and falls in love with the Captain.<br /><br />Morpheus shows the Captain and the ships Doctor where he got a brain boast from a Krell educational machine. The Krell were super intelligent beings over a million years more advanced than us. They made a titanic 80 miles by 80 miles self repairing machine to instantly create matter anywhere on the planet. Morpheus shows the Captain and Doctor a small part of the machine via a shuttle Krell transportation tube. The view is impressive. However in one night, at the height of their intellictual achievement the Krell were all slaughtered. We learn it was the murderous monsters from their subconscious minds..the ID... that destroyed them using the almost unlimited power of the machine.<br /><br />We also see a talking super strong robot called Robbie that was created by Morpheus after taking the brain boost. He is the cook, butler, and handyman.  It does everything and creates 60 gallons of Kentucky bourbon for the cook of the spaceship. Unfortunately members of the crew are torn apart by an invisible beast created by Morpheus subconscious mind. The invisible beast can survive nuclear disintegration beams because it is constantly recreating its atomic structure using the unlimited power of the titanic Krell machine.<br /><br />The beast is smashing into the home through steel plate and melts super strong Krell metal because of the unlimited power of the machine. Its now out to kill the Captain and Morpheus daughter and Morpheus can't stop it and neither can Robbie the robot with his blasters. Morpheus super brain boosted subconscious mind with the power of the Krell machine is sending death to all.<br /><br />Lots of great action, a superb plot, and great special effects for a 1950ish movie. I won't ruin the ending for you.<br /><br />If you like QUALITY science fiction, this DVD INMO is rated in the top 5 science fiction films of ALL time. They did a great job remastering it and putting it on DVD. A must have for any science fiction collection. Rated 5 stars plus.<br /><br />As a bonus, the DVD \\"The Invisible Boy\\" was thrown in staring Robbie the robot who somehow comes from the 24th century via time travel to the 1950s. We see a computer scientist, his wife and their young son who rebuilds Robbie. Robbie helps the boy Timmy become invisible and both go on a rocket to orbit the earth. The main big computer (who gains control of Robbie the robot) has developed self awareness and wants to take over the Earthand either enslave humankind or destroy them. This movie INMO was total crapola with poor acting, a poorly directed plot, and cheesy cheap special effects. Here is an example of bottom 10% science fiction. The Invisible Boy bonus DVD rated 2 stars. The only thing good on it was Robbie.r acting, a poorly directed plot, and cheesy cheap special effects. Here is an example of bottom 10% science fiction. The Invisible Boy bonus DVD rated 2 stars. The only thing good on it was Robbie.
B004WPYNY8|3.0|I used to really like this band. But, to me , they have regressed over the last 2 CDs. This CD is an improvement over the Paradise Lost CD but still not up to their standard. Maybe it takes two mediocre ones to wake these slumbering musical maestros. The bottom line is what another reviewer stated: They have become just another generic metal band.
B000063UR1|5.0|I saw \\"Silent Running\\" years ago and loved it. As I got older and a little nostalgic I just had to own it as soon as I could find it.   The story is about a space mission to preserve and save Earth's flora by sending them into space, because the Earth environment has been so degraded. The crew is mostly made up of astronauts who are perfuntorily going through their tasks without any passion or commitment, and Bruce Dern, who appreciates the importance of this mission.   When mission control decides to abandon the mission and bring everyone, but not the plant life, home, Bruce Dern decides he has to do something. A good number of interior scenes were filmed on a derelict Navy ship, which gives a real sense of realism to the sets. The special effects are, well, special. Particularly fascinating are the droids who assist in the care of the plant life.   I highly recommend this movie and the only way your likely to see this film is to buy the DVD.
034552554X|5.0|A beautifully written novel about the perils in life that can face foster children...especially those who have had rough situations with some of the placements. The setting is true to San Francisco and north Bay areas and the author descriptions are believable and real to those familiar with the areas. The strength and goodness underlying a very disturbed young lady are developed as she struggles to find her place in the world.  The flower references are used to  convey feelings and associations with her past as well as guides to her future. As a first time novel, this book is deserving of notice...hope to see the author provide more intriguing novels.
B003L77GG0|5.0|If you are into smallville or superman this is a must see, totally loved it though my husband was not as impressed as I was
B0006JGFNQ|4.0|\\"Dancing, Singing Gizmo\\" is really cute. My boyfriend & I watched the movie together & we both think Giz is so cute-- then I found out my BF wanted a real one when he was little, so I had to at least get the toy-- it was a cute, nostalgic gift. Giz sways from side to side humming 1 song LOUDLY (the one from the movie where he hummed with the keyboard).  Actual toy looks a bit smaller, redder & skinnier than the more rotund, brown & fluffy picture of Gizmo on the website & box cover.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this seems to be a cool game.... the only downfall is you have to earn more point to get new games  must have thanks so you keep playing to see what u unlock next
B0024RID6U|4.0|After the disappointing \\"Emotional Rescue\\" the previous year, The Rolling Stones managed to rebound with 1981's \\"Tattoo You.\\" While not quite a masterpiece, it's a solid, consistently enjoyable effort with no truly dire moments and quite a few noteworthy if not sublime numbers. If \\"Some Girls\\" was never released, I probably wouldn't hesitate to call it the best post-\\"Exile\\" effort. It manages to stay away from the excessive experimentation that marred \\"Black and Blue\\" and \\"Emotional Rescue.\\" There's no pulsating disco beats or thrashing punk power chords. In fact, it's probably their last start to finish Stones sounding record, remaining remarkably grounded within the band's traditional sounds.<br /><br />\\"Tattoo You\\" kicks off with the last great Stones single, \\"Start Me Up.\\" Originally developed during the \\"Black and Blue\\" sessions as a reggae experiment, \\"Start Me Up\\" wound up evolving into a masterful, in your face rocker that rivals \\"Satisfaction\\" and \\"Brown Sugar\\" as the ultimate Stones anthem; three minutes of raw attitude built around an unforgettable Keith riff, with Mick snarling not so subtle euphamisms like \\"You make a dead man come...\\" This was the last time the band ever hit such a peak, and they seem to know it, as they sound like they're having a blast on the record.<br /><br />\\"Hang Fire\\" is an ironic parody of Midwestern American laziness, while \\"Slave\\" is lyrically underdeveloped but is saved by the great instrumental work by all involved. \\"Little T & A\\" is a Keith classic, a raunchy tribute to future wife Patti Hansen sung with sincere sleaziness in Keef's one of a kind 'cigarettes and heroine' drawl. \\"Black Limousine\\" is a punchy blues number with some killer harmonica and slide guitar licks, and finally \\"Neighbors\\" is a dumb but fun little adrenaline rush.<br /><br />Side 2 is a bit more serious, with the slower, more soulful numbers taking the forefront. \\"Worried About You\\" is one of Mick's falsetto showcases, reminiscent of \\"Fool to Cry\\" and the like; it's a bit corny but the band manages to sell it. Better still is \\"Tops,\\" a seedy ballad about the price of fame and taking a chance to reach the Big Time. Mick's double tracked vocals are surprisingly effective and the backing arrangement is excellent as well. \\"Heaven\\" is a spooky, ethereal ballad with a haunting melody that will captivate you upon first listen.  \\"No Use in Crying\\" is a solid but forgettable blues ballad. The closing \\"Waiting on a Friend\\" is the album's second best song, a gentle, sax driven ballad about the virtues of platonic companionship.<br /><br />\\"Tattoo You\\" isn't life changing, but a solid and respectable effort.the band manages to sell it. Better still is \\"Tops,\\" a seedy ballad about the price of fame and taking a chance to reach the Big Time. Mick's double tracked vocals are surprisingly effective and the backing arrangement is excellent as well. \\"Heaven\\" is a spooky, ethereal ballad with a haunting melody that will captivate you upon first listen.  \\"No Use in Crying\\" is a solid but forgettable blues ballad. The closing \\"Waiting on a Friend\\" is the album's second best song, a gentle, sax driven ballad about the virtues of platonic companionship.  \\"Tattoo You\\" isn't life changing, but a solid and respectable effort.
B0051UP5NQ|4.0|this office suite pro 5 is a great app very useful and easy to use. You will fund this application user friendly.
B005FVA3LK|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. She is a huge fan of U2 and she absolutely loved this. Delivery came just in time and it had no damage at all. Excellent work amazon. And this product i have to say is totally worth the price.
0439023513|3.0|Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins<br />'''''<br /><br />In the final book of the Hunger Games trilogy Katniss fought back against President Snow. She was the Mockingjay, the symbol of the rebellion. She had to be an example and lead the rebellion while also dealing with her emotions. The Capital had captured Peeta and the number one thing she wanted was for him to be safe. The second thing Katniss wanted was to kill President Snow for all the pain and destruction he had caused.<br /><br />I was very disappointed with this book, after being so excited to read it after finishing Catching Fire and loving it. I felt the story lacked real emotion. It was more like reading a series of events, without really feeling emotionally connected to the characters, like I had with the other books. I read things that should have pulled at my heart but I only felt disconnected from the story.<br /><br />I don't mean to be harsh but after the beautiful work the author showed with the first two books this was a huge let down. I'm perfectly happy reading books that aren't all happy and have fairy-tale endings. I read a ton of books that do not have happy endings. With that said I need to feel the emotion that the characters are supposedly feeling. I did not feel that in this book. This book gave me the feeling like that author was done with the series and just wanted to end it.<br /><br />I also didn't like how the future was tacked on. When I was reading it all I could think of is Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. It was different because the story was not the same as Harry Potter. It showed her about twenty years later, who she ended up with and how her life turned out. This also made a statement from the author saying, \\"ok you know how their lives ended up, I'm done.\\" It didn't feel original or give me much of a feeling for the characters' lives.<br /><br />The story line was a good idea but I just felt that it was wrongly executed. She could have made this last installment great but instead I feel like she ruined it.<br /><br />There are people that enjoyed Mockingjay, Claire from YA Bookie Monster loved it, read her review on goodreads.that enjoyed Mockingjay, Claire from YA Bookie Monster loved it, read her review on goodreads.
B000RZIGSG|5.0|A pure fairy tale fantasy fable, with Michael Nouri as the Fairy Godmother (godfather?).  But Jennifer Beals is luminous, and many of the supporting actors are outstanding.  Who cares that Jennifer didn't dance all the dances?
0316019984|5.0|Wonderful and Exciting - I gave this book to a two children, one 3 and one 8 - both loved it - and while there were many new toys to play with both sat down to explore this great book.
B0054E317Q|5.0|This is my favorite concert.  Chris Botti is amazing, and his guests help create a magical evening. The scenes at the end are very interesting too.
B006C1DH92|3.0|This is pratically he same as the regular version of Fruit Ninjas.  There are a few different backgrounds, but that's it.  There's minimal replay value and really only worth it if it's free.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I kept seeing this book at the top of Amazon's top 100 paid Kindle books and so I started to think maybe it was worth it. I read the synopsis and was certainly intrigued. I wasn't sure if this book was for me, being a 32 year old male and all. The story revolves around a 16 year old girl named Katniss who volunteers to take the place of her sister in an annual death match called the Hunger Games. The story has just what any action movie goer would want. Thankfully, Suzanne Collins knows how to write well. Her writing style is very descriptive, but not over the top, with the exception of the descriptions of the foods. I recognize it's a literary device to show the difference between what the oppressed districts eat contrasted against the lavish lifestyles of the Capitol citizens, but I found myself skipping the paragraphs when she started describing the food. I won't spoil the plots, but I will say that the book left me craving more. I immediately bought the second book after finishing the first and I've just bought the third since I'm almost through with the second. There appears to be a movie coming out soon, but do yourself a favor and enjoy this book. The thoughts of Katniss just won't translate onto screen.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|The game that led to a legacy....Angry Birds.   So simple, so fun. It is a nice game and very addicting.  I recommend it to anyone, any age.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I, along with millions of others around the world, am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series and and was blown away by the final one.  Although the ultra violet copy was not as expected, since it didn't work as a digital copy where you could download it to itunes, I found an easy solution to the problem.  1. Go to [...]  2. Click on \\"contact us\\"  3. I sent them something similar to this... \\"Hello, I understand from the Amazon boards that you are providing iTunes codes to resolve the debacle over the Harry Potter 7 digital copy issue. I have an ultraviolet key which is: XXXXXXXXXX. Can you please send me an iTunes code? Many thanks.\\" (Thank you to tallkokomoose for the earlier post)  4. In a couple of hours they sent me an email with a new redemption code and steps to get it onto itunes (basically it sends you to the warner bros website that the original digital copies send you to). Now I have it on my Itunes, so I'm happy :) Hope this helps. Don't let the ultra violet stop you from getting this; it turns out to really be worth it.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|definately an adult movie
0393338959|5.0|Joseph Stiglitz has succeeded in this work in providing a genuinely substantive account of the recent economic crisis which remains accessible to the layperson. It would be hard to imagine anyone being more successful in that particular task. Joseph Stiglitz's book is much more than a journalistic account of the crisis. It is a substantive look at the causes of the crisis from a Nobel prize winning economist presented in a lucid and accessible way.<br /><br />Stiglitz is, of course, famous for his work on information asymmetries and their importance in distorting the market mechanism. Information asymmetries play an important part in Stiglitz's account of the causes of the crisis. Stiglitz certainly believes that the crisis can be traced to market failures, the most important failures being failures of 'agency' and 'externalities' and information asymmetries play a large part in market failures.<br /><br />In the modern economy there are important separations of ownership and control which lead to agency problems by providing incentives for managers to run companies in ways that benefit themselves rather than the owners. Managers are often paid bonuses in terms of short-term stock performance which gives them incentives to get involved in creative accounting as a way of over-stating profits. One of the most important themes of this book is that a great deal of the financial \\"innovation\\" that took place in recent years does not really benefit the average consumer or lead to genuine economic growth. The innovations in mortgages, for example, were largely attempts to increase information asymmetries and increase fees as a way of boosting short-term profits rather than producing higher quality products for consumers.<br /><br />The free-market is supposed to lead to innovations which benefit consumers as providers of services compete with one another but information asymmetries lead to inefficient results. Sitglitz believes that good government regulations can channel innovations in ways that really do benefit consumers and which provide genuine economic growth as opposed to increased opportunities for speculative profits.<br /><br />There are also important externalities in the financial market since the consequences of risky behavior are passed onto us all (even those of us who did not engage in any risky behavior). These market failures give rise to the need for government regulation and involvement.<br /><br />Stiglitz does an excellent job of pointing out a number of the contradictions within many of the arguments for free-markets, but he also provides some fairly concrete proposals for ways in which we can restructure our economy so that it benefits everyone. All in all I would say this is probably one of the best books written about the recent economic crisis and required reading for anyone interested in economics as well as those who are looking for concrete solutions to our current problems.ly do benefit consumers and which provide genuine economic growth as opposed to increased opportunities for speculative profits.   There are also important externalities in the financial market since the consequences of risky behavior are passed onto us all (even those of us who did not engage in any risky behavior). These market failures give rise to the need for government regulation and involvement.  Stiglitz does an excellent job of pointing out a number of the contradictions within many of the arguments for free-markets, but he also provides some fairly concrete proposals for ways in which we can restructure our economy so that it benefits everyone. All in all I would say this is probably one of the best books written about the recent economic crisis and required reading for anyone interested in economics as well as those who are looking for concrete solutions to our current problems.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this is awesome!! def. one of the best apps!!  if you want a fun game then pick this won!!! 5 stars!!
B0054U53WG|5.0|Cool insight into the way Google uses the logs of its users. The story is told from too much of a fanboy perspective. But still 5 stars due to the insight into how Google uses the massive amount of data it gets.
B0056BU3I2|5.0|if you like Vin you'll like this
B004FOA84A|4.0|Very clever puzzles that held my interest.  Really needed to longer.  Finished in two hours with breaks.  Glad it was only a buck.  Sure hope they develop more.  Looked and performed well on my Kindle Fire.
B006C1DH92|1.0|I love fruit ninja but this is just a horrible game. the graphics are poor, and there is only one game mode. you would think they would at least make the graphics hd.....
B000007492|4.0|This collection is a very good representation of Supertramp's best, and is an excellent buy for anyone still needing to add Supertramp to their collection. However, buyer beware . . .   I just ordered this disc (from Amazon), and it has copyright 1990 on the disc, booklet, and back cover. It was certainly not produced in 2001 as stated by Amazon and at least one reviewer.  In addition, the booklet carries this notation: \\"This complilation was taken from the original masters of previouisly released album tracks and singles...\\".  If taken from the original masters it can't possibly be a remaster!
B000008H4E|5.0|This is a studio project written by two artists that know how to craft a song with the proper ingredients which makes this offering a beautiful piece of art.
1597772992|5.0|Having had open heart surgery and a cardiologist that two years ago, told me to be careful and that I was an imminent danger of death. After confirming with a dietitian that authors ideas were sound, I became a vegetarian.  The book's study is well documented and should be read by everyone.  On this program, I have lost about thirty pounds and my doctor was surprised to find my heart stronger than previously. Even though I am a Kindle reader, I have given seven of the book away, and the last one to my cardiologist's staff.
B006C1DH92|2.0|works but not for long on kindle fire. screen became unresponsive between 3 and 5 mine of use. resolution was perfect.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very good app if you want a fun app get this one. time killer. there is 20. word minimum. get er done
B00009Z574|4.0|Not one of the best offerings from the band but it still contains enough creative material on it to justify its entry into anyone's audio collection .... I mean c'mon, it's YES!
B003Y5HWK4|5.0|HBO has produced a lot of incredible shows/series over the years.  This is supported by all of the Emmy's and other various awards they have won for their original programming.  I have been a huge fan of dozens of these series in my 30 or so years as a customer.  I have to say that, without a doubt, the first two seasons of \\"Boardwalk Empire\\" have been, quite simply, the best show I have seen so far.  They have absolutely nailed the look and feel of the 1920's prohibition era.  I know a lot of people will disagree with my assertion that this is the best show HBO has done so far, but that's my opinion.  I have seen, and been a huge fan of, many of the HBO original series.  There are no less than four or five shows currently in production at HBO that I think are absolutely incredible and award-worthy, but I feel that \\"Boardwalk Empire\\" is the best of the best.  If you haven't seen it then, by all means, buy the blu-rays and get caught up.
0439023521|5.0|I started this book on the recommendation of a coworker and once I began to read, I just couldn't put it down.  I found myself keeping it on my desk just so I could sneak in reading a page or two while working.  The story is extremely well written.  You begin to feel for the characters.  I cried when bad things happened and was glad when things went well.  Its a futuristic end of the world as we know it kind of story.  The world as we know it is no longer the same.  Its been wiped out and 12 colonies are left.  The capital, as a way of oppressing the people, have developed the hunger games.  A boy and a girl are randomly selected from each colony to compete to the death in a controlled environment.  Its controlled only to the extent that would create the most exciting viewing.   To complicate things further, a blooming romance takes place in the books and capital lies and trickery continue to get worse.    I highly recommend this book to anyone that is looking for a great read, a well written plot and a set of books that will keep you guessing as to what will happen next.
0439023521|5.0|Suzanne Collins did a spectacular job of writing the book The Hunger Games.  Lots of people had been reading it and recommending it to me so I decided to get the book.  I can see why they all liked it because once I started reading the Hunger Games I couldn't put it down for a second!  The Hunger Games is a real page turner and a must read for everyone!  The Hunger Games is mainly about a group of 24 teenagers who are put in an arena to fight to the death on live TV.  It has a bit of violence in it that may be a bit to much for younger readers, thought I do know a lot of kids (11 or 12) who have read it and really liked it.  So anyone could read it.    One thing I liked about The Hunger Games was that people can connect with the characters.  I was really able to feel like the characters.  Suzanne Collins knows how to pull readers into the book.    I absolutely love this book!  It is a real page turner with lots of action in it.  The Hunger Games was a really engrossing and I would recommend it to anyone.
B005K0HDGE|4.0|King is a pretty eclectic craftsman, comfortable with short stories, novellas and novels.  His style ranges from arguably literary fiction -- The Body, Apt Pupil, Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption, even The Shining, to pure page-turners.  11/23/63, falls into the latter category.  It doesn't lag much, but it could have used a bit of trimming.  It's well researched as far as the Kennedy details go, but its time travel mechanism is definitely fantasy and not science fiction. There's no logic to it, and we are basically asked in the beginning and then more so at the end, to simply believe in the unbelievable premise, and King's idiosyncratic physics, which is not Einstein's nor Hawking's.<br /><br />Without spoilers it's hard to tell other readers what I found dissatisfying, but there were several \\"twists\\" toward the end that I didn't buy.  I could feel the wheels turning -- a certain contrivance necessary for the hero to not accomplish his mission before the last possible moment.  While the narrator tells us this is the timeline's resistance to being changed, I felt the author's hand behind it, and could see the set ups being created. At the end, of course the hero must make a decision, but there was little doubt as to what it would be. It could not have been other.<br /><br />So I didn't \\"love\\" the book.  On the other hand I neglected many other things and read the whole meggilah in a couple of days.  That says something.  So I can't really give it less than four stars.<br /><br />If you've never read King, and think you won't like him, this is probably not where you'd want to start.  If you are an alternate history fan, there's probably not enough glimpse into the re-imagined present to satisfy.  If, like me, you came into this expecting or hoping for something like The Man in the High Castle, but with the Kennedy assassination substituting for World War II, you'll be sorely disappointed.  However, if you allow yourself to go with it, you'll be caught up in the story, even if not passionate about it.nate about it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this game is great and I find myself playing over and over. don't like how the game doesnt end when ur out of moves though.
B004SGWYW4|5.0|I've read all the negative comments about the \\"fan service\\" displayed in this series... HELLO!!! Every show ever made, is created to please! And by the way, its a zombie themed show, I mean how deep can you get? You need panty shots, lesbo scenes, foul language, bloody head shots and crude humor to get through it all! I loved this box set =D
B0063IH60K|4.0|Only problem I've found is sometimes the cards don't move easily.  Other than that it's fun app to have on your Kindle.
B005ZUR724|1.0|don't waste your money, I bought a 6 month sub and havent been able to log in since I bought it.  never buying a gameloft product again.
B0012Z361C|5.0|AWESOME CONCERT.WAS VERY NICE TO HAVE ON  ON CHRISTMAS DAY. THE WHOLE EXTENDED FAMILY ENJOYED IT (EXCEPT FOR TEENAGERS!) GAVE ME GOOSE BUMPS IT WAS SOO GOOD!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Amazing.  Absolutely amazing that a voice is that beautiful. Great product and price.  Very pleased with the purchase.  Highly recommend for anyone that enjoys talented music artists.
B006JN5KBG|3.0|This is a great movie, but I would not pay that much for it. Like I have seen posted previously, wait til it is available wider. Don't throw away your money. This isn't ebay.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This version of solitare is one of the best apps for the android phone. and I have played a few from the android market
B006C1DH92|5.0|I installed this app n was quite disappointed when it wouldn't run after two tries and a Clear Data... I gave up hope n just played with my phone for awhile n came back to the app n it ran!!!! For other Vibrant users... Just be patient. It'll run. :)
B001UGB1X8|5.0|Love it when a movie slides under the watchful eyes of the Hollywood destroyers and remains true to the book. (Golly, how they did screw up Bloodwork.)  Tommy Lee Jones perfectly brings to life the dreams of every James Lee Burke reader as Dave Robicheaux. He's the guy we'd all have cast. But then, he's a dead ringer for author James Burke, no surprise. I find the JLB books ultimately well-crafted but just a mite bit depressing - nobody in them ever seems to grow, and that's the essence of a soul-satisfying flick. What Women Think, for example. Mel Gibson's character is a perfect A.H. the way he treats women. After falling in a bath tub with a hair dryer, he can hear women's thoughts. His heart expands to embrace their realities, and he becomes a better man. Makes us feel good. Ancient sage of East say: Expansion of Awareness Equals Happiness. Nothing like that happens in the JLB books, alas. Dave R remains an irritable though well-intentioned son of a gun whose flaws disappoint us. A well-drawn character that you don't really wouldn't want to spend your life with, except that JB tells a good story. Still, 5 stars for the filmmakers.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|love it!  great size for fire.  easy to navigate.  I recommend it for anyone.  not sure if the upper levels would be challenging enough for an expert, but its plenty difficult for me!
0451232577|1.0|I read about 200 pages of this book and set it aside. I knew when I bought it, it was a crapshoot - the only entertaining book I've read by Ken Follett is \\"Pillars of The Earth.\\"<br />It reads like a very poorly translated Russian novel. A lot of characters, strung all over the earth, a lot of extraneous material without either literary or entertainment value.<br />It requires energy better spent on a book well written, a book with value worth talking about.
B004LWZW4C|4.0|Got it when it was on sale because I heard it was good and needed something to fill in to get free shipping. It arrived on time and well packaged. As for the movie I can't say, one day I'll watch it.
B004GUSG4M|2.0|The idea and premise of this book sounds exciting.  This kind of book would be considered suspense, and it was more like a constant state of anxiety for the reader.  It's just not a plausable or believable storyline.<br /><br />Not to spoil the book for those who haven't read it yet, yes it could be possible to have selective amnesia that resets every time Chris wakes up. Her doctor calls her every day to remind her to read her journal.  She keeps her journal hidden and writes in it constantly, yet her husband never finds it or catches her doing it.  He never finds the extra cell phone the doctor gave her to call her to have her find and read her journal.  Toward the end of the book, her journal is 30-50 pages long, yet she reads it everyday after the doctor calls her.  It's just not a fun read, you keep waiting for it to fall apart, and it's not held together well.  Disappointing.  Whoever says this book should be a movie is crazy. It was bad enough to read it.  I really wanted to like this book.
B0031RS7X6|5.0|Oh. My. God.  I love Sophie Kinsella though I must confess to having had to have a little rest from her crazy characters after The Shopaholic series.  With this book she's done it again - fun, romance and a super plot. It was so funny that at times I was actually laughing out loud even if I did find it annoying that Emma couldn't just make a sensible decision at times.  The best thing for me was that all the little secrets Emma told at the beginning of the story came back to bite her during the tale.  I loved the interaction between her and Jack when he first comes to the office and realises he knows her! Hahaha  This book is a deifinite must read if you like chick lit!!!
B005N95JA4|5.0|Great!!! I love it!!  The early Rolling Stones music that goes back to their \\"blues roots\\" makes this a must have.  They never sounded better!!  This is the reason they are the number one Rock and Roll band in the world.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is an amazing app. The interface is well laid out &amp; it's very user-friendly. Make sure to download a few translations to your device so you can read when your away from a data connection. Also consider using the night mode as its easier on the eyes. I have this app on an iPhone &amp; Kindle Fire. You cannot go wrong. The Bible is God's eternal Word.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|First thing you've got to have after you get a new Kindle Fire for Christmas is a protective cover.  I'm partial to distressed leather, so I searched high and low for the ideal cover in that material.  Closest I came was the Verso Prologue, but got a little concerned when some reviewers complained it was too much like vinyl.  THAT I don't care for.  But I bit the bullet and punched the purchase button.  Got my cover by UPS today.  Hold your breath.........vinyl?  Distressed leather?  It's as close to distressed leather as you're going to find w/o finding the real stuff.  And I don't see any of that on the market right now.  Verdict?  LOVE it!  Highly recommended!  Now for a workable stylus............
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It really helps me stay on track with my daily devotions. You can set up an alarm at a specific time to remind you. I like the straight forward easy to use interface and the daily reading plans.
1451627289|5.0|I was born in 1968 so, everything I learned about that day in history, I learned from my parents, the History Channel and the movie \\"JFK\\".  I will say this, I couldn't think of another writer who could've told the JFK assassination story as Stephen King did in this one. This is one of his best books in a long time. (Not as great as \\"The Stand\\", nothing will come close or, top that one)<br /><br />I've been a \\"Constant Reader\\" of Stephen King for over 30+ years and in those 30+ years, I've loved S.K's work and I've hated it. (Can you say \\"Rose Madder\\", \\"Gerald's Game\\", \\"From a Buick 8\\" and \\"The Dark Tower 7\\")  Even though I struggled through some not so great novels, I didn't put him down. Eventhough his writing went off the rails for bit, I still bought whatever he cranked out because I am as Stephen King addresses us die-hard fans in each book, a true \\"Constant Reader\\". I guess I was waiting for him to redeem himself.  Well...he has more than redeemed himself with this one. With this one, he's finally gotten the hang of finishing the story without making us \\"Dear Constant Readers\\" want to throw the book out the window!<br /><br />In true \\"Stephen King-ian\\" fashion, he throws in a few \\"Easter Eggs\\" that, are a true blast from the past and there for all of us \\"C. R.s \\" to enjoy.  You'll be pleasantly surprised to \\"see\\" old friends you haven't \\"seen\\" in at least 25 years and those from not so long ago.<br /><br />King writes, in the afterword, that he wanted to write about the JFK assassination in 1972, but thought the research it would no doubt involve was too much for a full-time teacher (such as he was in 1972)...THANK GOODNESS he waited until now to write it because, had he wrote it then, I don't think it would have been as good. I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I did because he did a great job with subject matter most writers wouldn't touch with a 10 foot pole.<br /><br />Bravo Mr. King!
1591396190|5.0|This book represents the term \\"Blue Ocean Strategy\\". It is a unique approach to competitive advantage and should be read from everyone who is interested in business strategy. I strongly recommend it.
0316098329|5.0|Keep reading it, at first it seemed a little tedious to get through the 5 year old narration and it took me awhile to figure out what was going on (hadn't read reviews, bought the kindle version based on Sept Book of the Month ratings for my bookclub).  That said, it's a very memorable book that you will enjoy; for me it reminded me to spend more time with my kids doing the things they want to do and to remember there are mean people in the world so keep my kids close!  Very quick read, and I couldn't put it down.  I especially liked how the author challenged the thinking of 'it takes a village'!!!!
B006C1DH92|1.0|I was so excited about this app. Unfortunately it will not work on my galaxy. I hope they work out the bugs soon. Looks like a fun little game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Unlike the solitaire game that comes with your PC this game is a real challenge. Now solitaire isn't a push over.
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's lots of fun.  My only complaint is there is no freecell, of spider included. Other than that, it's great!
B000784WMW|5.0|Excellent purchase. WIll treasure it for years to come. Great movie, Timothy Dalton a sexy beast! Watched it with my daughter and loved it. Can see Jane Eyre a thousand times, always like first time!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Good challenge. Fun time when waiting and can move up through levels. Or can just play to pass the time. Usually good puzzles.
1451627289|5.0|This is only my second Stephen King book. I always assumed his writing would not be my thing and perhaps some of his earlier work would not be, but having read Under The Dome earlier this year I was looking forward to more from where that came.  1963 is one of my favourite kinds of books. It had the feeling of a \\"saga\\" to me. I love getting lost in a good plot where a story follows a person throughout their entire life, or even generations of a family. That is not 1963 (in most ways) but I was as wrapped up in this book as I could be in any generational epic. Perhaps I like books where the present harkens back to the past and all the ways that which has gone before effects, if not completely shapes the here and now become self evident. Often in surprising ways. That is definitely what 1963 is about.  I enjoy small town tales, the sense of community (that I wish I had more of in real life) and much of 1963 is set (mostly) in such a town named Jodie, with a cast of small town 1950's folk who I relished. It is a love story, a story about a man who loves his life in The Land of Ago, who loves the rhythm of his days a school teacher where he really makes a difference in the lives of at least some of his students. It is a story about a man who loves the taste of food (cooked with presumably less preservatives and additives as many of the dishes he first eats in \\"Ago\\" are described as being surprisingly vibrant and fresh to his palate) a story about a man who loves his \\"vintage\\" (to him) car and how inexpensive everything is! It is also a story about a man who falls deeply in love with a younger woman born before his own birth.  The love story with the woman and the mid century small town is tempered, to say the least, with the task at hand. Or more aptly, the mission. Jake/George has gone back to the past to change a couple of things. One of them being the assassination of JFK.  Many reveiws go into detail about that aspect of the book so I won't go there or provide any spoilers. Safe to say that George leads by necessity a double life in the past, the one that he loves in Jodie and the one that feels he must lead, but surely has no love for in Dallas. Perhaps he actually leads a quadruple life because even while in Jodie he cannot be authentic, he has to keep very large secrets.  I am not American, and was not quite yet born in 1963, so while of course this part of American history has clearly been known to me (I was born in another country, not under a rock) I didn't live it and have not felt it quite as deeply as an American alive during that time.  Naturally, I have found the assassination of such a young man sad. Take away the whole romanticized President and political ramification equation, JFK was a YOUNG man, a husband, a father. I have also wondered on occasion when reading something or talking with someone about the events of 1963 if Oswald acted alone and I can only imagine what the feeling in the country (and around the world) must have been like on that terrible day and afterward.  Perhaps something along the lines of the death of Princess Diana . . she was loved as much, it was as shocking and sudden  . . . and then of course the conspiracy theories and conjecture that has followed. Will we ever know for sure?  I would say that the Death of Diana is probably the closest I can get to knowing what a person felt like during and after 11/22/63. So, the book was also fascinating to me from this standpoint, as while of course I know it is fiction it brought a time period and a place a little more to life for me. What the best fiction does.  I hope I don't give much away here (stop reading now if you don't like even very vague hints of how a story ends  . . .I know I don't) but the ending had shades of The Time Traveler's Wife. I loved that book also.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|I like the story and the hidden picture scenes.  The story keeps you involved by questioning witnesses and finding clues like a real detective.
0938045768|2.0|A disclaimer in the front of Convict Conditioning says that names, histories and circumstances have been changed partially or completely. I think the whole prison thing is entirely made up to make it seem more badass - a marketing gimmick to appeal to the angry, young man demographic. I don't think the stuff in here is so unique as to warrant a $44 price tag. There's a ton of bodyweight exercise guidance on youtube for free.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|hgv vfghdhgg cgchvh cvcdggc. gfccfgctf gfcg fggc cc gcv Fcc fccc vvc v g vfgg ggv ggv hhr sgchc dh dhf Rh. fhdbfbdh Fuchs dhc hfhch Bc hxhxj
B006C1DH92|1.0|Downloaded it and went to open it and it took me to the leading screen then kicked me off. Installed it, but now can't to reinstall it. Would really like to play it..... :/
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is one of the best apps that I have downloaded. I never have trouble with it, loads of fun for the whole family.
B0055SWM08|5.0|yr dhd fgf fgf fbdvffbfcbh hcxb bfb. hf c. hf c. hcb. ch.  b bcb.  db. c x. Cb. c.  Bc. Bc Cb. c. b Bc c.  c Cb. c Chris db b.
1455508691|5.0|Great book!!  Given as a Christmas gift to two people and the both reported loving the humor and the quality of the writing.
B004P7CNUY|4.0|Shame the Halloween Franchise didn't think as I did, that this would've been a nice place to wrap up the Myers legacy. A good feel to it and fun , however (SPOIL ALERT HERE ,FANS OF THE \\"HIGHLY UNLIKELY VAN ACCIDENTS AT MOVIES END \\" (HUVAAME) UNION LOCAL H20OH2!!!!) double cheesy at film's end. All and all ,good fun .HEY,DOWN IN FRONT !!!!
B005R5U5B2|5.0|This album is great... all tracks are amazing, some of them are sad but most of them are catchy. 1d fans will love this album... i absolutely loved all songs except Save You tonight... love boys voices :) CD was in great condition and arrived on time... my only concern is that it's over priced BUT it's worth of money :) i give it five STARS :)
B001LOU6ZS|3.0|Another fine example of 80's rock by some of the best.  I am dissapointed in the sound quality on the CD.  I bought this on vinyl when it was released.  Sorry to say that my record sounded cleaner and better than this disc.
