B00009RDG9|1.0|save your money for something you can watch more than once.
B00004T9UF|5.0|So here is my outlook on Em's best CD:<BR>All the tracks are a work of lyrical art, and all deserve to get 11 out of 10 stars. I made the following list in order of my favorite tracks(no skits on this list, though PSA 2000 is hilarious):<br />1:Stan: this song is an original masterpiece. Needs to be heard to be beleived!<BR>2:Criminal:Em has about 7 different voices in this track. Funny, fast, and has a cool bank robbing scene.<BR>3:The Way I Am:Emotional view into Marshall's feelings.<BR>4:The Real Slim Shady:Funny, insulting, and has an odd beat.<BR>5:Amityville: A real gangsta style beat and Bizzare from D12 make this track stand out.<BR>6:Remember Me:I can't figure out why people bash this song so much. The guest rappers are pretty good and it is such a cool song.<BR>7:Who Knew?:Eminem explains how much of a surprise that Stan did what he did.<BR>8:Kill You:A semi-offensive song uless you take it with a grain of salt like your supposed to.<BR>9:Bi*** Please 2:Snoop is great in this song, along with Dre, Xzibit, and Nate Dogg, and of course the highlight, Eminem.<BR>10:Marshall Mathers:Em tells you how no one cared about him until he got famous.<BR>11:I'm Back:Slim's back and ready for action with a chorus of children's voices.<BR>12:Drug Ballad:A good party beat make this a great song.<BR>13:Under the Influence:Shady is rapping a song he wrote when he was high, and if you don't like it, he has something to tell you! Featuring D12.<BR>14:Kim:An emotionally charged song that is fairly scary.<br />There you have it. find it, rip it open, and enjoy!
B00005ASOC|4.0|Sound familiar? A kid from a rough neighborhood and an old man with former ambitions meet and both their lives are completely turned around. The boy realizes that he is smarter then his former bad grades let on and the old man learns that he can still find a life past his recent failures. Good Will Hunting, right? Well, yes, but it is also the basic premise for Finding Forrester. Though the story is tweaked a bit and toned down from the R-rated Hunting, Forrester does come off as being a little too familiar, being released around three years after the Miramax feature, but can the similarities really hurt it? In actuality, not really. There have been plenty of Dead Poet Society knock-offs that have made pretty decent coin at the box office in recent years but none of them equal the quality of the original. So in essence there is both a good side as well as a bad side to this situation. Can Forrester break this trend? History is against the film but Connery is pretty select on his choice of scripts, so there is at least some hope for it.<br />The story is pretty much the same as Good Will Hunting minus the witty charm of Ben Affleck and Robin Williams. William Forrester, a vibrant writer from New York, wrote the great American novel nearly four decades ago but ever since then he has basically vanished from the face of the earth. Or so many people thought. A sixteen year old student named Jamal Wallace meets up with the famous author when he breaks into his apartment one night and leaves his backpack behind. Jamal is amazed to find that his writings are returned with corrections made to the documents. When Mr. Wallace is accepted to an elite Manhattan prep school, he returns to the old recluse seeking help and inspiration for writing. After some time Mr. Forrester agrees but on two conditions: Jamal can not tell anyone about the whereabouts of William Forrester and no questions on why he only wrote one book. As time goes on they begin to look beyond the stereotypes they once believed and teach each other something about life. The story for Finding Forrester is quite well done despite borrowing several influences from the previously mentioned Good Will Hunting. If you are literature buff then you will greatly enjoy some of mentioned works in the film. If you're not then you will find the several scenes a bit confusing but your overall experience shouldn't be greatly affected.<br />Though the cast is a relative bunch of no names, the leading roles, for the most part, perform exceedingly well. Sean Connery shows that he can still act off much younger co-stars amazingly well as he does with Rob Brown. Connery really showcases a former writer who had enough of what society thought his book was about and sunk into a deep depression especially after the loss of the several members of his family. The most enchanting scenes with the veteran actor have to be him riding his bicycle through the streets of New York. It seems so awkward that it becomes quite charming and heart-warming to witness in this feature. Rob Brown, as ill experienced as he may be, does a wonderful job considering he is performing opposite one of the prominent veteran actors of our time. One of the few flaws in the film has to be the character played by Anna Paquin, who recently appeared in the summer hit, X-Men. It has nothing to do with the performance, Paquin did an excellent job with the material that was given to her, but has rather to do with the character itself. The film suggests a growing romantic relationship between her and Brown's character but once the main premise of the feature rises to its climax, the whole romantic side story disappears completely.<br />Overall, Finding Forrester managed to do what many of its predecessors couldn't by actually being entertaining despite borrowing several elements from critically-acclaimed Good Will Hunting. One those borrowed elements would have to be the talented actor Matt Damon, who cameos as Mr. Forrester's lawyer near the end of the feature. The timing and way the scene was handled made the cameo quite a delight considering thoughts of Hunting had to be on the minds of many movie-goers. The few problems with feature would have to include the longer then needed time length and some side stories including the romantic relationship between two characters that aren't explored fully in the film. Outside of those small complaints, Finding Forrester succeeds at being quite an entertaining romp despite feeling all too familiar to movie-goers. Not as entertaining as Good Will Hunting but it can be said that filmmakers never intended that to happen.
B00005JM4Z|1.0|The only reason I signed up for Amazon.com was to write a truthfull review.  I would really give this movie a negative star rating or even a zero, but I cannot.  Let me start off by saying that back in 2001, I saw The Fast and the Furious and thought it was the coolest movie in the world.  I have since then matured and realized what a crappy movie it was and how much they don't have a clue about what they're talking about.  Like how you can pop the hood and see a NOS fogger system AND, direct port nitrous injection AND, a stand alone fuel management system(and that's only in one scene).  But away from the past, this movie is ten times worse.  For starters, they turned it into a movie geared at only one audience, black people and people that like to copy them.  With slang, rap music, hydralics and numerous other items from the &quot;Hip Hop&quot; community, this movie tries to blend show and go, but that is not really possible.  Anyone that knows anything about cars knows that air bags, neon lights, big spoilers, chrome rims or just plain any rims over 17 inches, TV's, $10,000 stereos, and playstation 2's will not help you out in the speed factor of your automobile.  It just saddens my heart to see what started off as a great phenomonon with the first movie, into neon lights and hip hop music.  This is absolutly the dumbest movie about cars I have ever seen.  The kids that like this movie think that cars that look cool and run 17 second quarter mile times are fast.  They like to go crusing, and race other cars like their's and think when they win against a civic with exhaust their car is the fastest on the block.  I also read a big feature article in Super Street, where they got to test the cars from the movie, and the cars times were SLOWER than stock.  All the did for the movie was weigh them down with chrome rims and computer s***.  I also found out they disengaged the all-wheel drive on the skyline, just so it could drift around corners to look cool.  This moviereally gives true car enthusiasts a bad BAD name.  THIS MOVIE SUCKS.  F*** YOU 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS.
B00003CXXJ|2.0|The rivalry between the Walt Disney Company and Dreamworks S.K.G. never seems to get old as each one does something to out do the other though it usually involves Dreamworks copy-cating Disney's moves. For example, Dreamworks partnered up with the computer animation studio, PDI, which is eerily familiar to the partnership made between Disney and Pixar Animation Studios just a few years earlier. Their first feature film together, Antz, was a modest success compared to Pixar's A Bug's Life, which was released nearly one month after. Now Dreamworks once again turns to PDI to create a full length animated film based on a children's book entitled Shrek. Mixing in the voice talents of rising stars Mike Myers and Cameron Diaz as well the famous comedian, Eddie Murphy, might make this relatively modest feature a big hit. But are Katzenberg's intentions more then making an entertaining family film? Did somebody forget to mention it takes more then a few jabs at Disney and their fairy-tale oriented films? Bet Disney is real happy about that and they'll be even happier if it proves successful.<br />The story for Shrek takes a twisted look at the classic fairy tales like Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, and Pinocchio. The story goes that Shrek is an ugly, green ogre who lives alone in his swamp wanting only to be left alone and for travelers to stay off his property. But things don't go quite as they should when a load of fairy tale creatures evade his swamp and take over his home. It seems they were dumped there by Lord Farquaad in order to rid his perfect kingdom of Duloc from the &quot;fairy tale trash\\". Among the creatures is an annoying talking donkey named Donkey. He befriends the crabby Shrek as they travel together to the kingdom of Duloc to talk to short-statured ruler. Farquaad agrees to hand over the deed to the swamp if Shrek fetches his new wife, Princess Fiona, from the keep of the fire breathing dragon. Along the way, Shrek discovers that it doesn't matter what you look like on the outside but how people feel about you on the inside. The story for Shrek seemed like any other fairy tale telling but falls way short of the classics. Too much time was spent picking on the Walt Disney Company and their fairy-tale animated films for much original ideas that worked.<br />Though the animated film showcases a wide-variety of voice talent, you really couldn't see that in this film. And in many instances, it is not the fault of the actors and actresses but rather the writing talent. Mike Myers, known for his comedic roles in such films as Austin Powers and Wayne's World, unfortunately down plays his comedic genius in this film. Myers isn't given much to work with here and when does fall upon something, it usually involved Donkey. The best lines of Shrek come from Eddie Murphy's annoying talking donkey named ...well, Donkey. The bad thing about this is that the side-kick draws too much attention away from the rest of the cast. Cameron Diaz, who voices Princess Fiona, is decent but nothing extraordinary unlike John Lithgow who voices Lord Farquuad. He is nothing short, pardon the joke, of spectacular and the movie-going public wouldn't expect less from a Shakespearian actor.<br />Overall, Shrek is a moderate film at best and doesn't even come close to living up to the hype that DreamWorks and the movie going public built it up to be. The problem is that there really isn't anything in the two hour feature that is all that original. Many of the jokes that are made are aimed at Disney and have probably been seen millions of times at one point or another. Is this the real reason Katzenberg agreed to the film? To make fun of his former bosses? If so then he needs some serious psychological help. But the bottom line is that Shrek lacks the greatness of other computer animated films like Toy Story, A Bug's Life, or Monsters Inc.
0767821769|1.0|Let's get one thing straight, I HATE this movie, I will make no attempt to give an un-biased review here. This movie deserves nothing more.<BR>Where to start? Well firstly, It features the super hag, Julia Roberts, and as if this wasn't enough, Susan Sarandon is in it aswell.<BR>Now if you haven't fainted at the sheer horror of that concept, you will when you realise the dullness of it's plot. Super hag doesn't get on with her boyfriends ex wife, then the ex-wife dies, the end. BORING.<BR>After sitting through this painfully bad movie, I had to take a shower to get the stench of bad movie off me. I then had to watch some ninja movies to forget my terrifiying ordeal.<BR>This movie was lacking (and went I say lacking, I mean totally viod of)in the most essential aspect of a movie, a** kicking. This movie could've been so much more entertaining if it had robots or pirates.<BR>Please do not buy this movie, It's possibly the worse movie ever made.
B00005JL96|4.0|Traditional animation has taken quite a few hits in recent years and some from the studio you would least suspect, Disney. Disney's last traditional animated effort, Atlantis: The Lost Empire, only managed to gather $84 million by the end of its run, well short of the film's $120 million budget. Many recent Disney animated features have suffered from bloated budgets of which include Fantasia 2000 ($90 million budget), Tarzan ($130 million), and the studio's holiday animated release, Treasure Planet ($140 million). Then how has this genre been able to survive? Thanks in part to the Walt Disney Company's Florida animation facility, they have been able to produce the occasional hit to keep the animation wing of the studio chugging along. Traditional animation needs a hit more then ever due to the failures of not only Disney but Dreamworks, Warner Brothers and 20th Century Fox which seem to signal the end of this motion picture staple genre.<br />The story centers on a mischievous alien who crash lands on Earth and learns the meaning of family from his new friends. Experiment 626, created by the mad scientist Jumbaa, is declared a huge hazard to the universe and is ordered by the Galactic Federation to be exiled on a far distant asteroid. Unfortunately things quickly go wrong and 626 hijacks a space cruiser only to crash into the Hawaiian Islands on the planet Earth. Being mistaken for a normal dog, a misunderstood girl named Lilo adopts the galactic criminal and dubs him Stitch. Unbeknownst to his adopted family, Stitch had been programmed to destroy everything in sight and nothing else but over time the fugitive learns accepts the love of his new friends and learns the meaning of family. The story for Lilo &amp; Stitch starts off a little slow at the beginning but as the film goes on, it quickly picks up and comes off as being unique and well done. One thing that can clearly be said is that the plot holds up much better then Atlantis: The Lost Empire, which suffered severely especially in its third act.<br />Stitch may look ugly but, as he puts it, he's just \\"cute and fluffy\\". The character of Stitch has to be one of the most original creations coming from Disney animation. Certainly he is more different then any other Disney animated character and that is probably why he is so loveable. The Walt Disney Company will definitely be making a fine coin off this wonderful creation based on merchandise sales this summer to be sure. Be forewarned that some smaller children may be frightened by some of Stitch's mischievous antics at the beginning of the feature but they are nothing of huge concern. The character of Lilo, who is a typical six year old who is cute and weird but also has a bit of a dark side, is probably one of the most down to Earth animated characters ever. She feeds a fish peanut butter sandwiches everyday believing it controls the weather and when another little girl makes a comment, Lilo jumps on her and punches her. Her antics worry the audience and yet at the same time we can't help but feel sorry for the way others treat her. The only problem found in the cast of characters lies with the background aliens. Though there are a variety of them in the feature, they aren't as unique to audience members as the aliens in Men In Black or Evolution but it is difficult to do that with so many alien features in recent years.<br />Overall, Lilo &amp; Stitch is a pure Disney gem and ranks up there with many of the past traditional animated classics. Certainly the film doesn't match up with the artistic merits of The Lion King or Aladdin but its own unique style makes it stand out from the rest of the box office pack this summer. This has to be one of the most different Disney animated films in recent memory but the studio needs to keep up with its ever changing audience. Stitch suffers from a slow start and over cuteness in the story department but there is tons of humor that mixes well with the overall story and delightful characters that makes up for those small squabbles. Despite featuring no original songs, the soundtrack for Lilo &amp; Stitch offers several Elvis Presley songs that go extremely well with the actions occurring in the film. Lilo &amp; Stitch is definitely one of the best comedies of the year and should be considered one of most unique and outstanding animated features in recent years.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is by far tool's best cd.  This is the introduction of Justin Chancellor as the bassist who is by far the best rock bassist of the 90s(I know im prbly gonna get some bashing about this by chili peppers fans) If u don't like this album which a lot of ppl don't its just not your type of stuff. THIS IS NOT RADIO ROCK!  If u want more radio rock sound pick up lateralus which is also excellent.  These guys are genius.  get this now if ur into metallica before they sold out.  best tracks: THIRD EYE! stinkfist, eulogy and forty six and 2
B00005JKZV|5.0|After much hype and anticipation, it is finally here. The second installment of The Lord of Rings series enters theaters almost one year to the date after the first film became a huge success at the box office. New Line executives are hoping now famous director Peter Jackson can continue the magic not only in the beautiful film making but in the potential box office as well. The first installment, The Fellowship of the Ring, grossed an astonishing $300 million domestically alone with more rolling in as the film opened internationally and became on DVD. After a pretty moderate year based on the number of releases, New Line is hoping for bigger returns with the first sequel. The Two Towers will have many challenges ahead of it including the lessened amount of anticipation that The Fellowship had leading up to its release a year earlier. Can the ring of power rule the box office once more? If Tolkein fans have anything to say, they are just hoping it rules the Oscars as well.<br />The Two Towers picks up where Fellowship left off with Frodo Baggins and Sam heading toward Mount Doom with the ring of power to destroy it. As they draw ever closer to land of Mordor, the two hobbits realize that they are not alone. The creature Gollum, who once possessed the ring, has been following them and later helps them in their quest. Meanwhile, Sarumen has nearly completed his vast army of 10,000 creatures and sets them out to destroy the human race, sparing no one. Elsewhere, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli travel in search of their hobbit friends and come upon the ravaged people of Rohen as they head to the fortress of Helms-Deep in a final standoff again the powers of Sauron. Though the end looks grim, the audience learns that there is hope in even the most desperate situations. Though The Two Towers comes in at a lengthy three hours (two hours and fifty-nine minutes if you want to talk specifics), Peter Jackson does a wonderful job at not making the film feel like such a long feature. The flow of the film is much more consistent then its predecessor which suffered from several lengthy breaks from the action sequences. There are less moments of no action which works all to this films advantage.<br />Most of the characters are the same as they were except for a few new characters that are introduced in The Two Towers. One of those characters is the creature Gollum, who has conflicting emotions and an eerie consciousness of what is going on. But when he expresses those thoughts in the film, they come off more as comic relief then a great dramatic performance. Not an Oscar winning performance in the least. Elijah Wood continues his great performance as Frodo Baggins. He seems pretty confident with this character and though he not seen as much as he was in Fellowship, he plays his limited scenes very well even with the computer generated Gollum, which can prove difficult even for the most experienced actors. John Rhys-Davies' Gimli in turned more into the comic relief of the picture as was the situation with Ron Weasley in Harry Potter &amp; the Chamber of Secrets but for some reason, it works better here. His character was meant to be the comic relief and those hilarious moments are needed to contrast the many dark aspects of the feature. Orlando Bloom is great at Legolas once again and many will look forward to his performance outside The Lord of the Rings in next summer's Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl.<br />Overall, The Two Towers achieves a rare feat of out doing its predecessor in almost every aspect of the film making process. Director Peter Jackson doesn't waste a single second of the three hour feature and stylizes everything in a wonderful style. The story is more consistent then that of Fellowship with action sequences spread out and less relay time between one battle sequence and the next. The actors and actresses within the films, much of which were also in Fellowship, seem more in tune with their characters, which is so important in bringing about a truly powerful trilogy such as this. The musical score wasn't quite as accelerating as the previous entry but its does get your heart pounding for the Battle of Helms-Deep near the end. He obviously is important to the story but is he intentionally that annoying? Does the movie-going public need more obnoxious characters like Jar-Jar Binks or Dobby the house elf? At least in the more dramatic moments they could have made him less annoying but made their attempt was to make him as pathetic as possible. Outside of those squabbles, The Two Towers is nothing short of a masterpiece. Fans of the fantasy film series won't be disappointed for sure and those not familiar with the Ring series will find the feature delightfully surprising. Anticipation has already started to build up for the final installment, The Return of the King, next Christmas.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Great movie - great characters - great acting - wonderful special effects - and it even manages funny moments in the midst of parts favorite characters could die any moment. And that is hard to do without making it seem silly, but they've done it here.<br />And the Special Edition is worth the extra money. It includes deletes scenes, extra commentaries, and much more then the normal version of the DVD.<br />Recommended for everyone.
B00000K19E|5.0|Let's imagine that you are an average Joe just trying to make your way through the world, doing whatever you can just to make a living. But just like that, your entire world is turned upside-down. That is what happens to a man in the sci-fi action thriller, The Matrix.  When The Matrix was released into theaters over the Easter weekend in 1999, it looked to another innocent film that might make some decent money since it had a relatively low budget. Who would have figured that this film would become a cultural phenomenon? It became one of the biggest DVDs of all time in 1999 and spawned two sequels, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions, both set for release in 2003. Animated prequels, titled The Animatrix, have also been created based on the success of the original film. Obviously many are surprised at the success of the series but is the original as great as many claim it is or is all the praise just a lie?<br />The story goes that Thomas Anderson is another run of the mill guy. He works in an office building during the day but outside his usual job, he sells computer programs and such in his spare time. His world is soon turned upside-down when he meets up with a woman named Trinity. He is seeking the answer to the same question she has: What is the Matrix? Mr. Anderson meets up with a strange man named Morpheus, who believes he can help him find the answer. Morpheus reveals to the now named Neo that world he had been living in is a lie. The year is not 1999 but rather closer to the year 2199. No one really knows for sure. Artificially Intelligent Machines have taken over the planet and have hooked every human being into The Matrix, a computer program created to keep everyone in check, so that the dead may be used for fuel. Neo is recruited to join the resistance movement and save the human species. The story for The Matrix is probably the best ever created for a film of this genre. The Matrix blends not only good storytelling and amazing special effectsbut also blends references and elements from classic literature and mythology which is extremely rare for sci-fi action films so like The Matrix.<br />The acting is pretty dry in The Matrix but that is the way it is intended to be. No one is suppose to stand out but all are intended to blend together to create a better movie-going experience. Keanu Reeves, who is probably best known before The Matrix for his role in Speed, plays the character of Thomas Anderson, aka Neo. Reeves' acting is much better then most of his other films and shows that he is really maturing in his choices of roles. Some of the dialogue sounds weird coming from him and some of his actions seem awkward but that is his acting style that seems right in place for this kind of film that throws all kinds of weird things at you. Laurence Fishburne is absolutely perfect in the role of Morpheus, the man who trains Neo to free his mind from the machine controlled world. Fishburne presents a strange yet intriguing feeling with the character of Morpheus that always keeps you guessing at what he character is going to do next, which makes him a favorite among many fans of the film. Carrie-Annie Moss is pretty good as Trinity. Her character obviously kicks some serious butt but she is less focused on then Neo or Morpheus, who are more of the focus of the film. Hugo Weaving is extremely creepy as the cunning Agent Smith, a program of the Matrix sent to destroy the rebel movement. His character is a great highlight of the film.<br />Overall, The Matrix is truly an amazing experience that must be seen to believe. The special effects are only part of this film and aren't the main focus, which the Wachowski brothers pull off with great storytelling and direction. That doesn't mean they aren't amazing by themselves. The special effect sequences in The Matrix are probably the best choreographed scenes you will ever see in sci-fi film or any film for that matter. It shows that a lot more went into each scene otherthen just the CGI, which is so rare in most films released today. The plot for The Matrix is the main focus and it is very well done. One has to watch the film more then once to actually get everything since most is thrown at you so quickly that it can be processed all at one time. And a lot of things that have to be taken from The Matrix are hidden in the film but that's what makes watching this film so much fun. The Matrix is probably one of the best things to come along in quite awhile. This singular film will hopefully change the way we watch movies for many years to come. It shows that there is more to a film then spectacular effects. It is the little things like chromatography, plot developments and such that make a truly engaging movie experience. This one film alone should be everybody's list to see.
B00005JMGL|4.0|Still familiar in my mind from viewing just a few hours ago, 'Peter Pan' was an excellent retelling of the story with a darker twist and innocent sensuality shared between the leads, Peter and Wendy. With fabulous scenery that reminded people more of a fantasy world than the rainforest look of the cartoon and wonderful acting, 'Peter Pan' was probably one of the best children's movies I saw this year. <BR>This version was a little different than the familiar '50s cartoon. This movie was definitely darker. Neverland itself is not the Eden that it has been portrayed as before. The mermaids here are no sweet Ariels, they are dark and deadly creatures with bodies like those of corpses and talon-like nails who will drown you or harm you even if you get too close to them. The pirates are not as unharmful as they are in the cartoon. There is more blood and violence here, with Captain Hook shooting two men (who die) just for speaking at the wrong time. Tinkerbell's mischief is more dangerous here. Infact, the only safe part if Neverland seems to be the scene where the fairies are dancing one night and Peter and Wendy watch.<BR>Many children's movies these days have a lot of violence and language and sexual content, but this movie was an exception. Yes there was violence (there were pirates people!)and just a little language, but I think the best part of this movie was the innocent love shared between Peter and Wendy. The scene where they dance in the forest in the moonlight w/ the fairies and the kiss towards the end on the pirate ship have nothing to do with sex or a sexual relationship, but instead a childlike love. True love, shared between two adolescents. And it's almost heartbreaking at the end when Wendy and Peter say goodbye forever. No, not almost, it IS heartbreaking. <BR>The love between Peter and Wendy seems to be the plot of the story. Peter's love for Wendy is what urges him to bring her to Neverland and what urges him to defeat Hook. And it was a change (a good one)to see Wendy as the center of the story instead of Peter and Hook. <BR>I enjoyed this interpretation a lot and would recommend it to many kids and parents alike. A delightful escape from our ordinary world.
B00005JM02|4.0|You can always count on a Pixar film to create loads of family fun as parents and children alike take some time off their busy schedules to enjoy another one of their features. They sure have a great record for it. They began with the surprise hit Toy Story, which started the long-standing trend of computer animated films. They followed with A Bug's Life in 1998, Toy Story 2 in 1999 and Monsters Inc. in 2001. Pixar outperforms each of their previous efforts which is very rare in the modern Hollywood scene. Now, after taking a year off, they take audiences to the ocean in Finding Nemo. But how well will the film do? This is the first time a Pixar film has been placed during the summer time (all previous efforts had been released in November) but this allows for more success with children finishing school. Another problem for the film is lack of voice talent. Monsters Inc. had the advantage of John Goodman and Billy Crystal in the leading roles but the voices for this film are less known. This doesn't matter to children but it can be for some adults.  The question is whether Finding Nemo can continue Pixar's trend of success or will be the film be sunk by the competition?<br />The story goes that Marlin, an orange and white striped clownfish, lives with his son Nemo, who has a &quot;lucky&quot; fin that is smaller then his other fin, in the ocean near Australia. Marlin is very cautious after the death of his wife and fears for the safety of his son. He fears so much that follows his son on a field-trip on his first day of school. Nemo, who seems embarrassed by his father's over-protective behavior, swims to a boat as dare to prove that he is not like his father. But this courage gets him in trouble as he is captured by a scuba-diver and taken away to a dentist's office in Australia. Marlin goes on a rapid search for his only son and along the way he meets a variety of colorful characters. Among those are Dory, a blue fish with short-term memory loss, Bruce, a shark who forms a club for vegetarian sharks, and Crush, a surfer talking turtle. Marlin will go to any length to find his son and bring him home even if it means facing his own fears head on. Like all previous films, Finding Nemo's story is far superior to most animated films though, it can be said, it is not totally perfect. Much like A Bug's Life, which was also directed by Andrew Stanton, the story tends to drag a bit in parts making it less consistent then Toy Story or Monsters Inc.<br />As previously stated, the voice cast for Finding Nemo is less well-known then most Pixar films, which gives it another similarity toward A Bug's Life. Albert Brooks gives a perfect timid voice to the character Marlin. Brooks, who is also appearing in the In-Laws currently, deserves more attention for his role in this film then he is currently getting. He presents sarcastic humor at the right time with this characters as well as emotion which makes you feel for him as he struggles to find his son. Ellen DeGeneres is absolutely delightful as the forgetful Dory. The funniest moments in the film come from her characters especially the hilarious scene where she tries to speak whale. Some of the most thought provoking moments come from her character as well, which is ironic coming from a fish with short-term memory loss. Barry Humphries is perfectly cast as the voice of Bruce the shark. He gives a chilling voice-over that makes the character mysterious yet somewhat sympathetic. William Dafoe is wonderfully cast as Gill, who tries to help Nemo escape from the dentist's office fish-tank. Geoffrey Rush, who stars in Pirates of the Caribbean later this summer, is humorous as the pelican but most of his most funny scenes had been seen in the trailers. The director himself, Andrew Stanton, provides the voice of Crush the sea-turtle who speaks with a surfer accent. And Pixar regular, John Ratzenburg, is great as the school of fish that poke fun at Marlin and teach him to lighten up.<br />Overall, Finding Nemo is another great film from the folks at Pixar but not their best work. The visuals are the best that have ever been seen in an animated film, that is for sure, but the story is not as hilarious as Monsters Inc. was or even Toy Story 2. The story also tends to drag a bit in parts which makes it quite inconsistent. Finding Nemo also seemed to have a lot more intense scenes then most films aimed toward children, which is better for the older crowd but is sure to frighten some children. Speaking of those frightening moments, it was quite disappointing that there weren't that scenes involving the sharks who become vegetarians. The scenes that were shown with them were mostly seen in the trailers and they do not reappear until the end of the film, which was somewhat confusing as to why they would appear at the end. But the spectacular visuals, the delightful characters and those Pixar tributes to famous films (including The Shining and Psycho) make this a must-see anyway. The messages expressed in Finding Nemo may feel a little tacky and too heart-warming but they work. Pixar films are the few films out there that actually have people on the verge of crying and teach them something about life. The best family film to date and looks to be for quite some time with lack-luster fare like Rugrats Go Wild and Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas cluttering the movie theater in the next month or so.
0446677450|1.0|It's bad enough that this book is a waste of time, don't let it be a waste of money.  If you must read it, borrow it from your local library.  Kiyosaki doesn't have much to say, contrary to what his proponents write.  His main message, be financially smart and pay attention to how you spend your money, is simply common sense and not a great revelation.  Beyond that, the book is vague and somewhat suspicious.  His tale of the rich dad makes one think that it is a fabrication.  Kiyosaki writes about the rich dad in such a formless manner that it seems plausible that the rich dad is purely imaginary.  The book just isn't worth the time it takes to read it, definitely not worth the praise some people have heaped upon it.
B00005JMCW|3.0|Neo who? 2003 was expected to be the year of The Matrix but has surprisingly become the year of The Mouse. The Walt Disney Company, who last summer was groveling over constant movie problems, has surpassed all other studios by becoming the first to cross the coveted $1 billion mark this year thanks in part to the leggy duo of Finding Nemo and Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl. Disney hopes to continue its winning streak by digging through their archives and remaking a classic film for a new generation. Freaky Friday, which originally starred Barbara Harris and Jodie Foster back in 1977, hopes to join the ranks of other girl oriented Disney comedies like The Princess Diaries and The Parent Trap, which also starred Lindsay Lohan. The only thing going against the film is the fact that it is a remake. Walt Disney Pictures does not have a great success rate for their remakes with films like Flubber and That Darn Cat flopping at the box office. And things didn't go too well for the original Freaky Friday back when it first opened in 1977. The good word on the film didn't get around until late in its run and by then it was all too late. Freaky Friday hopes to defy past history and present a delightful film for teenage girls; a thing the box office has lacked a lot this year. But will the girls flock to the film or will history repeat itself?<br />The story centers on the conflicting relationship between Dr. Tess Coleman and her daughter, Anna. Anna is just another typical fifteen year old teenager who enjoys rock music, plays in a garage band, and drives her mother crazy over her hair, clothes, and problems at school. Tess has enough to worry about with her rising career and her upcoming wedding. But one night while the whole family is dining at a Chinese restaurant things boil over. Anna is totally infuriated that her mother doesn't agree with her musical aspirations and Tess is at wits end trying to get Anna to recognize how good of a man her futurehusband is. When the two crack open their fortune cookies and read the pieces of paper inside, something mysterious happens the next morning. Anna wakes up in Tess' body and Tess wakes up in Anna's body. The two live each other's lives for one day going through all the problems they never imagined the other had as they try to find a solution to their predicament. Whatever has to be done must be done quickly as Tess is set to marry her boyfriend the next day! The story for Freaky Friday does a great job at modernizing the classic body switching tale for a new generation though several elements of the new script end up getting lost within the course of the two hour feature. The conflict between Anna's former friend who is now a cheerleader was just another typical \\"Cheerleaders are evil\\" story element most teen comedies and/or dramas seem to have but wasn't really necessary for this film.<br />The cast for the remake of Freaky Friday was surprisingly more memorable then that of the original film. Jamie Lee Curtis, who is best known for her roles in True Lies and the Halloween series, is absolutely amazing as Tess Coleman. She plays the frantic mother role down pat and slips very well into the role of a teenage girl trapped in a grown woman's body. Lindsay Lohan, who also starred another Disney remake, The Parent Trap, does a very good job in the role of Anna Coleman and shows that she is really maturing in her style of acting. The scenes where Tess is in the body of Anna are less comedic then the scenes with Jamie Lee Curtis acting like a teenager but maybe the fact the audience knows its Jamie Lee Curtis makes it that way. Mark Harmon is pretty good as Tess' future husband but he isn't featured as much as he should have been. His character is shown struggling trying to connect with Anna in only a scene or two and doesn't show much conflict as more there was more of a focus on the relationship between Tess and Anna. Chad Murrary plays another typical high school guy who looks bad but is actually good at heart that is seen in every other teen comedy/drama and does nothing outside the ordinary here.<br />Overall, Freaky Friday is another teen oriented comedy which can be both good and bad. Most of the problems with the film seem to be that many of the elements that are typical in a teen comedy/drama are no different here. Such elements as \\"cheerleaders are evil\\", \\"the bad boy is good at heart\\" and \\"some teachers are out to get certain children\\" got pretty annoying after awhile and weren't needed is this feature. Then there were the scenes that show Jake (Chad Murray) becoming fascinated with Anna's mother. Granted they were trying to show that Jake was interested in Anna's mind and personality that was trapped in Tess' body but it still comes out as just creepy and wrong especially when he sings \\"Hit Me Baby One More Time\\" outside their house. And as hilarious as the film was in many instances, the overall feeling was that the film resorted to too much slap stick humor. Certainly the film didn't have to lower itself to that level that much to be entertaining. Outside of those problems, the film was quite entertaining though not on the same level as comedies like Anger Management, Bruce Almighty, and American Wedding. If you are a teenage girl searching for an entertaining film outside of the \\"blow `em up\\" action flicks the box office seems to be cluttered with then certainly Freaky Friday is the film for you. If not, stick with Pirates of the Caribbean or American Wedding until the next gross out comedy or action flick opens in a few weeks.  
0385504209|2.0|the actual story was predictible.  The theories were interesting and somewhat thought provoking but the story itself was mediocre at best.  The short chapters got very annoying after awhile and the constant cliffhangers at the end of all the chapters seemed like elementary writing.  I was very excited to read this book, but then let down.  At least it is a quick read so you don't waste a lot of your time!
B000066NW0|5.0|Shut up you morons, Avril never CLAIMED to be punk...gimme a break, if you HAD the CD you'd know that!! (And if you still don't believe me, look in YM issue October 2002.) Must you go around labeling people like medicine jars? Everybody is a poser in some way, god...when will you EVER learn???!!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|this cd is a lot dif. than other previous britney spears cds. her style in this cd isn't what we were expecting. at first i disliked the whole cd, but a week later i listened to it again and i got hooked to 7 of her songs including the hook up, toxic, outrageous, etc...<BR>just give it some time and this cd will grow on you<BR>this cd rocks!!!
B00005JKCH|1.0|I was very excited about this movie when I heard that Sam Raimi would direct it. I thought he did good work on the Darkman movie, but I think he lost some of his edge, because this movie was just plain bad. If it had been a debut of a new filmmaker this movie would be forgivable, but Mr. Raimi should be very, very ashamed.<br />The story is basically non-existant, the bad guy is just plain stupid (why didn't they choose Doc Octopus as the bad guy), the acting is awful and even the CGI is sub-subpar.<br />Let's just hope they won't make more of these or give it to someone with a little more depth. If you want to see a really good superhero-movie try Ang Lee's the Hulk.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Did these guys really write this album in 3 weeks!?! It's unbelievable.  Dream Theater hasn't lost their edge.  Their music continues to be a mind boggling intricate maze of time signatures, key changes, rhythm and harmony. The technical prowess of every member is very evident on this album. It is a little darker than the other stuff they have done but change can be a good thing. This is a very cool album with a lot of exciting music and I would recomend it to any prog fan.
B00005JKC3|5.0|I just loved this movie. As always Ang Lee has interjected something of himself into his movie, which gives it a certain inexplicable quality that lifts if over every other SuperHero movie (with the exception of Unbreakable that is).<br />I loved the depth of the characters, I loved the CGI Hulk and I adored the scenes of mayhem and destruction. The only thing I didn't like is the ending, which I will not spoil. I thought the conclusion of the fight was a bit too simple.<br />People who think that Spiderman was a better (or even a good) movie, should have their heads examined. This is like comparing a good book to a Tom and Jerry cartoon.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|This album is just beautiful.  The music is beautiful, the story is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, Everything about this album is beautiful.  Morse has really pushed the envelope with this album.  Portnoy's drumming is awesome, and Morse's use of orchestral instruments is really cool. It is the most spiritually uplifting CD I've ever heard. If you are worried about how preachy the album is, you have no need to worry. The story that Neil tells is presented in a very honest, uplifting down to Earth way that is not forcefull or imposing. This album with Feel Euphoria is evidence that Neil is Spock's Beard. If you were slightly (or like I was, monumentally) disappointed with Spock's Beard's Feel Euphoria, I would strongly suggest buying this album because it will not let you down.
B0000CFW87|5.0|When I bought the first Josh Groban album I didn't think that it could get any better. When I got the second album my theory remained true, but it is just as good. Great CD!
B00005PJ8O|5.0|He was a no bull, all guts general with a passion for war, for progress, and for history.  And he used history to his advantage.  No other World War II general had the personality of Patton.  And no general since Patton has been able to match his flamboyant style.  George C. Scott's potrayal is flawless.  And the movie is a good history lesson for all of us who were, ahem, napping during that part of the lecture.  I was not a fan of &quot;old war movies&quot; before I saw Patton.  A child of the late 80s and 90s, I grew up with the special effects stuff such as, most notably, Saving Private Ryan.  But it's Patton's personality that makes me like this movie.  He makes you want to watch it.  His attitude inspired men to move, to march.  I think he could still inspire us all today.
0312319517|2.0|You want details?  You want backstory?  Then this is the book for you. I bet there are not 70 pages in this book that take place in the &quot;now&quot; of the story!<br />EVERY time a new character is introduced the author has to give us pages and pages of backstory - school, war stories, etc. Toss in asides about the &quot;real story&quot; of Vietnam or the troubles in the Middle East (in the author's opinion). This all turns what is an OK story in a long and twisted read.<br />As to some of the plot devices - the Avenger is smart enough to get his entry visa when they didn't think to look and engineered on purpose what happens at the end of the book. Sure a lot of it is a stretch - but I didn't have as much trouble with that part of the story as I did with all the needless, verbose, backstory.<br />Wait for the paperback on this one - or get it from the library.
0140288503|5.0|Bowden does an exceptional job in portraying the story of the men who fought and died in Africa in 1993.  His success as a newspaper journalist can be seen in this gripping epic of struggle and brotherhood.  Bowden grappled with the telling of a story that not many people knew about, until the recent motion picture came about.  In my opinion, Bowden did a tremendous service to the men of the Task Force Rangers and the Delta Force through the telling of this story.  I know as a historical writer, Bowden was seeking objectivity.  I think he achieved this goal.  While we sat and watched the events unfold on CNN, many of us didn't think about the soldiers perspective.  Complete a mission.  The bonds of brotherhood are touching and the level of professionalism is suprising.  And Bowden does illustrate the fact that even though we are the most advanced military power on the earth, we are still human, and humans error now and then.  Bless our armed forces, and thank you Mr. Bowden.
0688163173|5.0|As a big time reader of mysteries, I consider myself hard to please.  This book did it! Outstanding characterization,  easy to read, and fast paced, this would have to go on my top  10  list for  2003.  What a great  ending!  Looking forward to more from this young author!
B000065U1N|5.0|Sometime, a long time from now I will use this video in my modern warfare classes.  I know I will because this is a great study into modern urban warfare.  It is also a great view of what happens when things don't go by the book.  Scott does an exceptional job with the adaptation of Bowden's original work.  But do yourself a favor and pick the book up.  Scott is a genious but you can't fit all of the info from Bowden's book into a movie.  Plus reading never hurt anyone.  But, continuing on, the cast list is amazing.  An all star cast combined with an all star crew make this an all star movie.  Go Rangers!
B00005JLYW|1.0|OK, guys, Cameron Diaz is not hot!!!!! Drew Barrymore is fat!!! And Lucy Liu is okay, but if you want to see a real hottie click on my name and see the page made about me. That's right, you know you like what you see!!!! I'm hotter than all those Hollywood bimbos put together. If ya got plenty of dough and a hot bod to match maybe we can hook up! shelovesbeach@yahoo.com
0553214632|5.0|People tend to look at me crazy when I tell them that I've read ORIGIN OF SPECIES.  And really, I think we can all see where they are coming from.  Nevertheless, being curious, I thought it might be interesting read the book that started all the fuss.<br />I was surprised to find how readable it really was.  Think about this: what we are taught in high school biology is way more than Darwin knew when he wrote this book.  Accordingly, the science described in this book is quite easy to understand for anyone who has previously taken a biology class.<br />Probably the most interesting thing about this book were the few times that Darwin threw in a little philosophical/theological side comment.  I'll leave these juicy tidbits for you to find, but look for them as they add a little &quot;kick&quot; to an otherwise fairly &quot;scientific&quot; book.  Though a bit lengthy, this accountant enjoyed ORIGIN OF SPECIES.<br />As a sidenote: I find the funniest thing about those &quot;Jesus fish&quot; eating the &quot;Darwin fish&quot; car decals is that the base idea is that the stronger fish wins- a.k.a. surival of the fittest.  The ensuing contradiction of unwittingly using one of Darwin's base tenets to attack Darwinian evolution is priceless.
0060933275|3.0|This book is slow at parts, and is boring in the beginning.  However, during around the late middle it really picks up.  The trial shows a fantastic mix of character development and suspense which keeps you engaged for the rest of the book.  I suggest reading this book also because of its historical significance.  This book gives you an idea of what was happening, and what the views were of the time.<br />-Kyle McEvoy, 8th grade Rooptop Alternative School.
B00008NRI8|3.0|All right, I said it. I liked this film, it was cute. Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock have great chemistry. Yet there have been A LOT of \\"Cute\\" films that have come out that all have the same sort of plot. Two people work together and fall in love. Take Alex and Emma for example. You might just want to stick to renting this one instead.
B0000029DD|5.0|...Hands down the BEST cd ever recorded, I've been addicted to it for two years strait!<BR>...Jeff Buckley has influenced me and so many others... why do all the good ones die?! RIP
B00005JM0B|3.0|Before i saw this movie in the theatre, i was excited to see that old Arny was making another Terminator movie. The first 2 were great, so this one had to be too, right? WRONG. I was very dissapointed, but what can you expect? They played it up way to much. I think that there didn't really need to be this movie for the audience to figure out what was going on, but that may just be me. The DVD has all the extra features you would expect. Buy it if you are a fan, otherwise, skip it.
B00005JM02|5.0|Adults and Children alike will be sure to enjoy this newest family film from Pixar Entertainment.  Following in the tradition of other great animated movies such as &quot;Ice Age&quot;, &quot;Monsters Inc.&quot;, and &quot;Toy Story&quot;, &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; combines excellent animation and a fun storyline which will surely captivate any audience.<br />The film starts out with Nemo (Alexander Gould) being taken to his first day of school by his father Marlin (Albert Brooks).  Having never been out in the wide open areas of the ocean before, Nemo was coaxed out by his young friends.  However, Nemo is soon scooped up by a diver and placed aboard a boat.  Marlin, having discovered that Nemo is missing, begins a frantic search for his son.  Along the way, Marlin meets Dory (Ellen DeGeneres), a blue Tang fish, and an instant bond develops between them.  Dory agrees to help Marlin find Nemo.<br />Their adventure leads them to the far reaches of the ocean, and many interesting encounters occur, including meeting a group of sharks who have vowed to stop eating fish, a group of jellyfish, being trapped inside a blue whale, and meeting a group of sea turtles.<br />Meanwhile, Nemo has been placed inside the aquarium of a dentist in Sydney, Australia.  Nemo is befriended by Gill (Willem Dafoe), who hatches a plan for Nemo's escape.  Will the plan work?  Will Marlin reach Nemo before its too late?<br />My children and I have grown to love the Pixar animated films, and &quot;Nemo&quot; keeps up the fine tradition of earlier movies from this company.  The animation is terrific and the voices of Brooks, DeGeneres, Gould, and Dafoe bring the characters to life.  This movie also teaches the important idea of family bonding and going to any lengths possible to save a loved one.  I highly recommend this movie.  It is sure to become a classic.
B00009TB5G|4.0|Lord of the Rings, the Two Towers is an awesome movie. If you thought the first one was long, get out the popcorn and get comfortable because this movie has tons of footage not seen in the theatre! I don't suggest this for kids under the age of 12 because it is so long and they might get bored easily. Other than that, there is nothing except a violent war scene that would be bad for them to watch. I love the excellent extra features which explain how the movie was made, and has commentaries with the people that made the film. What is better than that? Overall, this is a must-have DVD!
B00012FXAE|3.0|Producers of this disc set claim there was not enough disc space to include the DTS track due to the 154 min. special edition run time. I find this extremely hard to believe. The Terminator 2 Ulimate Edition DVD is two minutes longer than Aliens SE and that disc has seamless branching, an audio commentary, Dolby Digital EX, DTS ES, and the picture was superb. Bunch of BS if you asked me. The lack of a DTS track on this release is a major goof and, as such, just dropped the title from my reference list.<br />Blunders like this are nothing new to 20th Century Fox. Keep in mind, they are the same bunch  ... that gave us the non-anamorphic special edition DVD of The Abyss.<br />Get a clue Fox!
B00005NB8J|5.0|The film 'Stargate' is based on an interesting albeit not entirely original premise -- the idea that the ancients have been visited from beings from the stars is as ancient as is humanity; the particular idea for this film probably came from the Erik von Daniken type of UFO conjectures quite in vogue in the 1970s.  In all, it is an intriguing idea, pulling in the mystery of ancient civilisations, the ancient pyramids, the mysticism that underlies all forms of writing, and pictographic/hieroglyphic writing at that, and good old fashioned heroism.<br />The story begins with a discovery during the golden age of Middle Eastern archaeology, in the early twentieth century.  Drawing on ideas that still circulate today in real academic circles that the pyramids and other structures pre-date the actual historically-recorded empires in Egypt, in the story it turns out the discovery was actually an ancient device that served as a passageway for extraterrestrials who needed mining workers for the resources of this and other planets.<br />The key to this 'stargate' is embedded in the inscriptions on the device, and Daniel Jackson (James Spader) is the only one who can decipher them.  Jackson is a down-on-his-luck Egyptologist whose out-of-this-world ideas rendered him unemployed and destitute -- the perfect recruit for a secret government mission.<br />Enter into the scene Colonel O'Neil (Kurt Russell), a depressive, mourning military officer pulled out of retirement to take charge of a near-certain-death mission through the stargate.  The clash between the academics/scientists and the military is a classic story development, but the clash is shortlived here as the team going to the distant planet must work together.<br />Arriving on the distant planet, they find people and environment similar to that of ancient Egypt, and the whole civilisation has the purpose of mining minerals for their 'god', who turns out to be an extraterrestrial with nearly infinite lifespan and manipulative ways of subduing cultures, primarily by keeping them illiterate and technologically backward.  This 'god' presented himself as 'Ra' to the ancient Egyptians (played here by Jaye Davidson, the ambiguous star of the 'The Crying Game', being the only other film he starred in before opting out of acting).<br />The action picks up with 'Ra' arriving for a regular shipment, only to find the Earth team ready to begin revolution and destroy the distant stargate with a smuggled nuclear weapon.<br />The special effects are good if not innovative; the idea of the device and the method of transport is an effective use of special effects technology at hand, and much is carried on the story and the idea of the device rather than the actual computer or miniature effects.  This has proven a boon to the producers, who are able to budget for a weekly series derivative of this film, not something originally planned with the production of this film.<br />The acting is good, occasionally great.  The perhaps the best character is Viveca Lindfors, who plays the daughter of the original archaeologist who discovered the device; now an elderly woman, her dream comes true of activating the device. Lindfors died the year after this film was made, after a career in acting that spanned over six decades.  Watch closely for French Stewart, as a disgruntled soldier, barely recognisable as the same person who plays on 'Third Rock from the Sun', a very different science fiction idea.<br />In all, this is a good story, a fine film and it captures the imagination well.  It is not over the top and doesn't overwork the classic science fiction stereotypes.  The special edition contains interesting commentary from the director Roland Emmerich and producer Dean Devlin in director's cut, includes the theatrical trailer, includes both director's cut and theatrical cut, and presents things in a widescreen format.ative ways of subduing cultures, primarily by keeping them illiterate and technologically backward.  This 'god' presented himself as 'Ra' to the ancient Egyptians (played here by Jaye Davidson, the ambiguous star of the 'The Crying Game', being the only other film he starred in before opting out of acting). <br />The action picks up with 'Ra' arriving for a regular shipment, only to find the Earth team ready to begin revolution and destroy the distant stargate with a smuggled nuclear weapon.<br />The special effects are good if not innovative; the idea of the device and the method of transport is an effective use of special effects technology at hand, and much is carried on the story and the idea of the device rather than the actual computer or miniature effects.  This has proven a boon to the producers, who are able to budget for a weekly series derivative of this film, not something originally planned with the production of this film.<br />The acting is good, occasionally great.  The perhaps the best character is Viveca Lindfors, who plays the daughter of the original archaeologist who discovered the device; now an elderly woman, her dream comes true of activating the device. Lindfors died the year after this film was made, after a career in acting that spanned over six decades.  Watch closely for French Stewart, as a disgruntled soldier, barely recognisable as the same person who plays on 'Third Rock from the Sun', a very different science fiction idea.<br />In all, this is a good story, a fine film and it captures the imagination well.  It is not over the top and doesn't overwork the classic science fiction stereotypes.  The special edition contains interesting commentary from the director Roland Emmerich and producer Dean Devlin in director's cut, includes the theatrical trailer, includes both director's cut and theatrical cut, and presents things in a widescreen format.
0440237688|5.0|What an incredibly well organized book!  Every thought about how the futuristic society exists and operates has been meticulously figured out and recorded by the author, Lois Lowry.  There is not a word out of place in this novel.  When younger, I often got this book mixed up with the similarly titled, \\"The Cay\\".  An unfortunate mix-up when you consider that Theodore Taylor's \\"The Cay\\" is regarded by many to be a badly written pompous book.  This book, however, is lovely.  An easy read, it sets up all its ideas perfectly before knocking them down.  The reader is placed in a position not too different from that of Jonas, the protagonist.  What Jonas learns to feel about his community, we  readers learn to feel the same things at the same time.  Lowry is especially skilled at the slow reveal.  We do not know that the citizens of this world do not distinguish height or sunlight or snow or color until Jonas learns about each of these things in turn.  And the book is especially interesting when you consider that there aren't any villains beyond the system itself. This is a laudable book and a good didactic (without being preachy) tale.  This would pair well with other dystopian futures, such as \\"A Wrinkle In Time\\" (remember the world where \\"It\\" lives and the children must bounce the ball all the same way?).<br />I disagree with those readers who feel this book is inappropriate for younger readers.  While the open ended ending will probably disappoint or anger some, kids will enjoy the writing for what it is.  Eloquent and enjoyable.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is a great cd and the film is great.
B0000CDLA7|1.0|Dream Theater have been my gods of music for a long time now, and still continue to be.  but only because of their older stuff.  i wanted to love this album so badly, but after listening to it a bunch of times i just couldnt.  all in all a complete disappointment.  put your money to something good like their New York concert.
B00009ATIX|2.0|I recall seeing the original Tarkovsky film in the then dirty and dingy Cinema Village on E. 12th Street. It struck me as an ambitious mess, at times, even crude, hardly crying out for a \\"re-make\\". Unfortunately, egos not reasons rule in Hollywood.<br />That said, I have enjoyed the non-commercial films of Mr. Soderbergh (THE LIMEY; sex, lies, and videotape,etc.) as opposed to his commercial (ERIN BROCKOVITCH, TRAFFIC,etc.) ones. This time, Mr. Soderbergh's creativity seems to have been subordinate to the company he kept during its making. The filmakers seem so determined to make the viewer prostrate before their consideration of \\"serious issues\\", the film becomes pervaded by a smugness that renders the material as leaden, inert and lifeless as a small moon.
0385504209|5.0|The only reason why I read this book is because my mother and father got it as a Christmas gift for me.  Of course, I'd seen this book a trillion times, in the bookstore, but never even thought about reading it because I mostly read non-fiction genre.  However, I basically finished this book in one reading - during my returning flight from New York to California.  I couldn't believe that I actually was going to pass up reading this book!  I phoned my mother as soon as I got into California, to thank her for giving me that book!<br />Basically the book is a suspense novel about the inner-workings of the Secret Societies and the role of such organization(s) as they pertain to a murder which transpired in the Louvre museum.  Once you start reading this book, you cannot possibly put it down!  Granted, there are portions that are quite deep insofar as the level of research involved - especially in regards to the Secret Societies and Art History - however, it is an incredibly fascinating storyline!<br />You do not need to have background understanding of the Secret Societies or Art History, though it would be quite helpful, because the author has eloquently written in a manner which is quite accessible to the &quot;rookie&quot; as well as the &quot;veteran.&quot;<br />Although this book is supposedly in the fiction category, one can't help but wonder how much of the operations of the Secret Societies is actually non-fiction!<br />You be the judge!
0385503954|4.0|After a decade of memoirs-as-novels and novelists turned memoirists, it all seems to culminate in this brilliant work. It is difficult to pick which is the greatest pleasure: watching a novelist strive diligently for years after a certain &quot;trick effect&quot; (which I will not disclose here) and finally, achieves it; or that he has produced a work writers--undoubtedly wearing and writhing in various shades of green [sin #]--endowed with  greater gifts than Mr. McEwan, have yet to come close to in conception or execution. Finally, it demonstrates beyond any doubt, the judgment of the Booker Prize people (who awarded Mr. McEwan's much lesser effort, AMSTERDAM)isn't unerring.<br />NOTE ADDED July 7, 2004: Less enchanted readers of Mr. McEwan's work have not felt any restraint to reveal a structural feature of this novel, thus potentially ruining the &quot;trompe l'oiel&quot; effect merely alluded to above. (This only serves to confirm, I suppose, the steely-eyed view of human nature the author possesses.) Future readers should judge for themselves whether they agree or not.
B00005JMCN|5.0|Take the time to view Starman, The Big Lebowski, The Contender, The Fisher King, and especially Seabiscuit, and experience the best actor working in films today.  He never wins the Oscar or many other much deserved accolades, because he makes his roles looks effortless. <BR>If you get the chance, watch the scene in Seabiscuit, where he is talking with Chris Cooper's character around the campfire. His flawless acting, in a side-view, dimly lit shot reveals more than any other scene in the entire movie the heart and emotion of the story.  <BR>This actor is an underrated treasure.  Whether you watch Seabiscuit, The Faboulous Baker Boys, or any other of his worthy films-enjoy!
080018789X|2.0|If only the film had maintained the same level of inventiveness of its opening sequence, this film (or should I say films?)showed promise. Unfortunately, it swiftly becomes a structural nightmare: a romantic comedy nested inside a storyline about a businessman/lawyer who finds his conscience (is that an oxymoron?); a buddy picture (an interracial one, at that!),etc. The talented Mr. Crowe would have done better to remember the admonition of Raymond Chandler: do not mix genres. (Perhaps this is a reason why Chandler's sometime collaborator, Billy Wilder declined to play the small role of sports agent Dicky Fox.)
0385504209|1.0|Others in this space have already appropriately criticized Mr. Brown's sloppy &quot;scholarship&quot; / &quot;research.&quot;  But then, I didn't buy this book for scholarship.  I did, however, expect to be entertained, not exasperated.<br />I would say Mr. Brown's characterization is cartoonish, but that would serve only to insult great cartoon writers like Mort Walker and Charles Schulz.  There isn't any sort of depth or development here.  Yes, the plot unfolds over a mere two days, but a &quot;master&quot; (says Vince Flynn on the jacket) would have been able to give us more sharply defined characters.  One has to do some of one's own Hollywood casting to put flesh on this screenplay.<br />Moreover, Mr. Brown treats his readers like simpletons as he walks them by the hand through the solution of certain puzzles.  This also has the effect of stretching credulity to its elastic limit.  For example, are we seriously to believe that a Harvard symbologist (Langdon) and an expert on the Holy Grail (Teabing) are stumped by a clue that is written backwards?  Langdon says &quot;My first guess is Semitic&quot; -- you've got to be joking, Mr. Brown!  Langdon, knowing of Sauniere's admiration for da Vinci and presumably knowing of da Vinci's use of mirror-image script, would have tried a backward reading first.  Sophie Neveu, the DCPJ cryptographer, solves the puzzle only because she recognizes her grandfather Sauniere's writing.  There are more such episodes, but there is not enough room here to review them.<br />I won't even give this book away.  Into the trash it goes.  I've learned my lesson: this author's work is not worth the time or the money.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It seems every time they get these great witty series they go off the air in a blink. Firefly captured me from the very first episode... The caracters, the themes. They should really bring it back!!
B00005JM0B|1.0|This film is beyong doubt the ending of the Terminator sequals.  Arnie looks like he's a fat bloated old man now.  The TX was just a rip off of the T1000 liquid metal idea, and there were absolutely no surprises.  John Connor looks like he should get a part in the next Planet of the Apes film.  His character was pathetic.  The effects were boring, morphing, computer graphics on the truck, plasm gun, how boring!  It's all been done before!  Overall I would give this a zero rating.  It was too long forthcoming and was no were near the league of it predessors.  It was also too short.  Rise of the Machines is a joke and it's hardly surprising hardly any of the actors from the previous films got involved in this one.  The idea has been done and is now old hat.  Give up now!  This is the final nail in the Terminator coffin.
B00005JKZV|4.0|The first of the series LOTR's was a slightly better than average movie, but an excellent adaption of the books.  This trilogy actually gets better as it goes along.  Once I had both enjoyed and suffered through LOTR I, I was able to savor most of TWIN TOWERS, but there were parts that just made me want to take a nap.  I am not a fan of extremely long camera shots of facial expressions, especially given the limited range of expressions emotted by some of the hobbits in particular.  Liv tyler also only had one facial expression, her grim poker face.  I give LOTRF 4 stars and RETURN OF THE KING 5 stars.  The special effects and the masterful battle sceens are an absolute WOW!<br />This is the best trilogy since Star Wars, and due to the evolution of cinematography, is aguably now the best trilogy in existance.
B0000DJZAH|5.0|okay... i normally don't review too many albums on amazon, but was i amazed to read all these reviews from people who chat about the album but then go on to say &quot;but i haven't heard it on SACD yet.&quot;  so i thought someone might benefit from reading about the surround mix in SACD... <br />well, it is simply amazing, especially for having been mixed by the near-deaf townsend (surely its a joke!).<br />the most amazing thing about the 5.1 surround mix is how present and powerful keith moon's drumming is.  i have always pointed to &quot;quadrophenia&quot; as the shining example of his frenetic hammering of the drums.  but now i can more fully appreciate his drumming on &quot;tommy.&quot;  the drums sound amazing on this SACD surround mix.  no other words can describe it.<br />one of the reasons for the drums being more powerful is the ability to follow keith's &quot;live in the studio&quot; drumming more closely.  you see, all the &quot;accentuating&quot; drum parts (tympani, gongs, cymbal splashes) are all separated from keith's drums in the mix... it wasn't as clear in the stereo mix which drums keith is playing, and which drums are over-dubbed elements.... but here, they are coming at you from different sides of the room.  this makes for some amazing parts, particularly during &quot;sparks&quot; and &quot;overture&quot;, where keiths keeps pounding out a rhythm, then the tympani drums build up to a crescendo.<br />also, pete and roger's vocals are sometimes separated in the mix.  pete's first words on the alubm came as a shock. he sings, &quot;captain walker didn't come home. his unborn child will never know him.&quot;  and he's coming from the rear right speaker (mostly) and roger and all come in later, together chanting &quot;a son, a son, a son&quot; from the front speakers.  its pretty powerful stuff from the get-go.<br />i could go on and on.  but the most amazing thing truly is the fidelity... i hear things i've never heard before, and i thought i wasprety intimately familiar with the album.  subtle touches now are given such depth and prominence... and the separation that is achieved with surround sound allows the listener to follow a particular part or a particular instrument...<BR>you can hear pete breathe in before singing... you can hear the sound of his pick against the acoustic guitar.  you can hear a few of keith's dud hits on the snare (thought they are few, and always charming to hear).<br />another reviewer said, &quot;reason alone to buy a SACD player.&quot;<BR>i agree.<br />thanks for reading.
B0000DCGT0|5.0|This movie is a modern classic!  Great story, cast, and sets.  An uplifting true story that poured off the screen!
B00008H2LB|1.0|First off, linkin park sucks!!!!! they are little posers who can't sing play guitar, drums, or turntables. It's disgusting to see these people rank #2 on someone's BEST BANDS OF ALL TIME!!If you want REAL music, go get a real rock album.<BR>The best bands in the world are listed below....go pick up 1 0f there albums:<BR>              1. NIRVANA<BR>              2. MetallicA<BR>              3. KoRn<BR>              4. Led Zeppelin- YES... Even 70's rock is better than this<BR>              5. System of a Down<BR>              6. Black Sabbath<BR>              7. Pearl Jam<BR>              8. Stone Temple Pilots<BR>              9. Offspring<BR>              10. Green Day
B000089RVX|1.0|the most overrated album of 2003 award goes to this album.
B0000UHFC6|1.0|I was really looking forward to receiving this enhanced CD.  Sure enough, I got the DVD and the enhanced part of the CD.  Problem was - NO SOUNDTRACK!!!
B0000CFW87|1.0|I am really dissapointed with this album...the first album was much better than this...there is no doubt that Josh has a god voice but the selection of tracks are so similar to his previous one...there should be some variations....
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I got my copy of the Firefly dvd for Christmas.  It's one of the best shows ever made and I can't believe we don't get to know what happens next.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|This is on of the rare moments when the sequel is better than the first film. This is better because it talks more about Wolviren and how he turned into a mutant. Some really good action sceans are in this film. In my opinoin this was better than the hulk film that also came out in summer 2003. Great acting (Patrick Stewart at his best). This is a great film.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|A Perfect Circle creates energy that is so intensely aesthetically pleasing to the ear that it blows me away.
0688163173|5.0|My daughter just visited for Christmas, bringing with her a copy of Dennis Lehane's Shutter Island she had gotten from the library. She suggested that I read it, as she had liked it and thought I would.<br />Boy, did I. As a biological psychologist and a historian of psychology, I consider myself knowledgeable about the development of psychosurgery by Egas Moniz in the late 30s and the pharmacological revolution in the mid1950s. This came about with the discovery of chlorpromazine (Thorazine), the first of the so-called major tranquilizers, actually the first of the antipsychotics. At any rate, I found the medical issues completely plausible and loved Lehane's writing from the first page. Teddy was completely convincing to me, and I was totally sucked into his world. The ending, which I won't divulge, shouldn't have been as much of a surprise as it was, as Lehane had certainly foreshadowed it at several places in the book.<br />Bottom line: Loved it. I disagree absolutely and totally with the reviewer who found it unconvincing and worthy of just 1 star.
B0000AZJXQ|1.0|this cd is horrible!!! omg i can't even compare it to anything cause it's just crap!!! sealed in a plastic cover don't get this album for nothing!!!
B000066C1N|5.0|This is a beautiful story about the love of your own roots... and the Spirit we all have to take risks and go for an adventure in discovering new lands.  As a Mexican woman who wanted to discover a new world in Canada... this movie made me think about my roots, homeland, the love to my beautiful country and my loved ones.  I strongly recommed you the film and if you want to keep on remembering it, buy the CD... the lyrics are full of emotions, love and a deep message that goes straight to your heart.  Thanks to Bryan Adams for your amazingly inspiration who made me appreciate all I have, just there where I Belong!!
6304712944|2.0|At first viewing this movie is alright.  My bit of advice would be make sure you never listen to the broadway cast recording of Camelot if you want to like this movie.  Julie Andrews voice is so superior to Redgrave's it is not even funny.  Julie should have been the Queen.  At least they asked her to be.  I loved the way she declined and since she wouldn't perform this show fell through.  I hated the way the director says that there was no one else better than Vanessa for the Queen.  He must have been in denial that Julie said &quot;No.&quot;  Julie clearly would have been the better choice.  I also think the storyline is slightly terrible.  I have always had mixed feelings about the King Arthur legends.  I hate how the Queen falls for Lancelot, he is the most self-absorbed snot that ever lived.  THe singing isn't wonderful and I would highly recommend the broadway casts version to the movie.  Julie is the greatist and no one can ever live up to her.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|Why did they have to kill someone who just got shot in his arm?<BR>I don't think something like that could kill you. This movie is kind of a love story. It is a very sad story , But it has a happy ending. Daft Punk is a really cool band. They put out a lot of songs , and everyone of them is GREAT!!! If you like cartoons and/or Daft Punk then you should get this DVD.
630522577X|1.0|I can't say much more than what has already been said.  Julie should have had this role.  The songs are good in this musical but other than that the plot stinks.  Unfortunately the songs are not nearly as well sang.  Marni Nixion sounds alright but is not Julie.  I listened to Audrey's version's of some songs and no offense to a good actress, but she can not sing, not like Julie.  So do yourself a favor and buy the original broadway recording to here Julie's beautiful voice.  Or better yet watch THe Sound of Music.  Who needs MFL when they have TSOM?
B00009V7T2|5.0|I don't speak Spanish, and I don't want to.  But I would for Mars Volta.  This is some of the most brilliant stuff I've come into contact with for a long time.  I didn't even plan on buying this CD, really, until I found it in a common electronic store for a very inexpensive price.  And I have no idea why I bought it.  But it was worth every penny.  <br />This music is so sporadic.  For those of you with ADD, this is good!  Well, other people without learning disabilities will like it, too.  This CD is CHEAP on Amazon, so buy it!  And if you don't like it, you can give it to someone as a birthday present.  Kind of like what I did with my Green Day CD's.  <br />But my point is that I've never heard anything else like this before.  And the whole point of music is to explore and broaden your mind.  If you share that same view, then get this and expand your mental horizons, or something.  ...That's too cheesy.
6305878323|1.0|I hated Mary Poppins the first time I watched it and wrote a very mean review for it.  I watched it again and though it is not something I want to watch everyday, like The Sound of Music, it is an alright film that people can live through. The songs are really wonderful and touching.  The children are very cute even thoguh at times they lack the personality of some other children from one of Julie's other movies made a year later.  I think of this movie kindov as a stepping stone to greatness for Julie because this movie was the precurser to the good things to come in &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot; I would recommend if you want to see a really flawless musical about a nanny watch &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot; It is onehundred times better.  Mary Poppins however is good in its own right.  And one more thing.  All the people who continue to whine that Audrey should have gotten the Academy Award instead of Julie need to get over it.  Julie was just as deserving and MFL won for best piture so you really should jsut stop complaining.  Audrey is a good actress, but let me remind you Julie's performance was superior because she acted, sang and danced and did all of them well.  Also compared to Julie's performance on Broadway, Audrey really stunk in MFL.  Audrey got her fame from doing a lot of alright movies, but let me remind you that Julie Andrews were always be remebered for her great performance in Mary Poppins that made the movie.  And for the one movie that will live forever &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot;
B0000DZEA1|5.0|This CD is truly great. The music fits the movies sooooo well. I especially love the last song 'Into the West'. I remember when I first saw the movie, I stood behind for the credits just watching them and listening to this song. . . It is so beautiful. Bravo, Howard Shore, Bravo Peter Jackson! You have met my hopes and excededing them! I just felt that I had to thank you. . .<BR> If you love the movies, this CD is great. Even if you get it for the last song, it is worth it.
B00005JKED|5.0|Traning Day is the greatest movie ever. Once again Denzel proves why he is the greatest actor in hollywood. He was so bad which was so good!!!! You have to purchase this movie to see a true master at work.
B0000959N0|4.0|Daredevil is very entertaining. Affleck deserves credit. Insecure little boys will miss most of the fun while complaining about Ben, but if you don't fall into that group, and are a fan of comic book styled entertainment, you should check this one out.
B000099T2L|4.0|To me, Beyonce has been solo all along but now it's just offical. This is a good album of course with the hit singles &quot;Crazy In love&quot; and &quot;Baby Boy.&quot; The beginning of the album will keep you bouncing and then it mellows to a love groove. All in All this album is good to have in your cd collection.
B00009TB5G|5.0|When The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring&quot; premired a little over 2 years ago, I marvelled at the magnificence and sheer beauty of a film which so wonderfully captured the essence of the J.R.R. Tolkein novel of the same name.  I sat spellbound for most of three hours, completely captivated by the imagery set before me.  Then, when I received the Expanded &quot;Fellowship&quot; on DVD later that year, I was re-introduced to Peter Jackson's vision of Middle Earth in a way that further expanded the realm and characters that were so marvelously created in his film.<br />I am thrilled and delighted to say that I have had the same experience with &quot;Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers&quot;.  This second installment of the film continues where &quot;Fellowship&quot; leaves off, with Frodo (Elijah Wood) and Sam (Sean Austin) continuing their quest onward to Mount Doom.  Along the way, they capture and befriend Gollum, who had initially sought them out in hopes of reclaiming the ring, his &quot;Precious&quot;.<br />Things are amiss in Middle Earth as Suraman (Christopher Lee), under the eye of Sauren, continues building an orc army that will be used to rise up against the powers that oppose Mordor.  Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), Legolas (Orlando Bloom), and Gimli (John Rhyse-Davies) are in pursuit of thier captured counterparts,  Merry(Dominic Monaghan) and Pippin(Billy Boyd), two hobbits who ventured out by chance with Frodo and Sam in &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring&quot;.  <br />As with the novel by the same title &quot;The Two Towers&quot; expands the realm of Middle Earth, and introduces us to many new characters, including the beautiful Eowen (Miranda Otto), daughter to King Theoden, who finds herself falling for the mysterious Aragorn when he helps free her father from the manipulations of Sauren.<br />The special extended edition of this film, like its &quot;Fellowship&quot; counterpart, does a marvelous job of expanding scenes, further developing characters and situations, providing an ever more expansive film that fans of this series are sure to treasure.  The 4-DVD set contains two additional CD's which contains a treasure trove of extras, including expansive looks into the creation of the CG characters seen in the film, focusing on the development of Gollum from storyboard to a &quot;living, breathing crature&quot; on the screen.  The extras discuss many of the aspects, decisions and ideas that Peter Jackson brought with him at the onset of developing this epic film series.<br />This is a MUST-HAVE for anyone who has been fortunate enough to experience any part of this major epic movie series. These films go far and beyond any undertaking of this magnitude thus far and the results are films of such quality that they will forever raise the bar for filmmakers in the future.  Make this collection a part of your DVD library.  If these films continue to achieve the acclaim that Tolkien's original &quot;Ring&quot; series has maintained in the literary world, than these films promise to entertain for generations to come, providing a canvas which contains some of the most beautiful, elaborate and indeed, complex cinematography ever seen.  <br />-Scott Kolecki
B00005JM9C|5.0|This could have been a boring chick flick. I got conned into it by my lady friend. I only agreed to see it because Jessica Alba is a hottie. This is a really cool movie though. Honey Daniels is a dancer / bartender that wants to make it into the big time. She gets her chance from a music video producer. She also meets a group of kids including Lil Romeos charector a kid with heart who's mixed with the wrong crowd. She realizes she wants to help these kids and decides to open a dance studio.
B000002UA0|3.0|I was introduced to Pink Floyd, as most were, by their opus THE WALL. Now, liking this album, I went on an epic quest to get all of their albums. <br />This, being their first, was one I *HAD* to get. And, boy, the first time I listened to this one, I was HUGELY disappointed. This was 60s psychedelia. Not exactly my style. But it slowly grew on me. &quot;Astronomy Domine,&quot; &quot;Lucifer Sam,&quot; &quot;Interstellar Overdrive,&quot; and &quot;Bike&quot; are all terrific songs. Most of the rest are listenable. &quot;Pow R. Toch&quot; and &quot;The Scarecrow&quot; however are terrible. Syd was an interesting song writer, just not for my tastes.
B00009L1TA|3.0|i didn't find allot to like about this other than the brief action scenes. i didn't find it very fun but i kinda like it.
B000002U9W|4.0|I don't understand why the band disowns this album. I think It's great. Every song on here is terrific. Though &quot;Alan's Psychadelic Breakfast&quot; does stretch on a bit too much. <br />&quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; has become one of my favorite Floyd songs. It should have been on their Best Of CD instead of &quot;Sorrow.&quot;<br />&quot;If&quot; is a sad little song, as most Roger songs later became. It's still great though.<br />&quot;Summer '68...&quot; This is the closest to the Beatles Pink Floyd ever came.<br />Now, the title track. Hmmm. Difficult to opine about, really. It was originally called &quot;Theme to an Imaginary Western,&quot; and that's exactly what it strikes me as. It's entertaining, but hardly Pink Floyd.<br />All in all, this is a good album. Not their best, but far from worst.
B000059T00|5.0|This album, recorded in London in 1969, captures not only the sound of its own time (which it does perfectly), but also constitutes a work of art that anyone who loves rock music cannot help but love as well. Steve Winwood's vocals are extraordinary, stunning, even after more than thirty years. Eric Clapton--the same Clapton who served as the subject of the routine London and New York subway grafitti asserting that \\"Clapton is God\\"--plays brilliantly, ranging from very subtle (\\"Can't Find My Way Home) to in-your-face/can-you-dig-this riffs that blow away anyone who loves  real rock 'n' roll (\\"Had to Cry Today\\"; \\"Sea of Joy\\")--listen to both of these works through good headphones and ask not be disturbed during the experience. Ginger Baker's drumming is also wonderful --particularly on \\"Do What Your Like\\" in which a long, brilliant drum solo (a species of performance which has essentially disappeared from contemporary popular recordings) makes one remember how expressive drums can be as an intstument. As someone who grew up in the 60s and who continues in a modest way to play music in various contexts, I can tell you that, if you love the joy and emotional power of classic rock performed by virtuoso musicians at the height of their abilities, you should not pass up this recording.
B000002UA5|3.0|Okay, so. I have no idea how to review this album. I could do it all in  words: &quot;Live one: Good. Studio one: Bad!&quot; but that doesn't say enough about it. Fact is, the live one is fantastic. The quality of sound isn't the greatest, but the music more than makes up for it. Especially the fantastic version of &quot;Saucerful of Secrets.&quot;<br />The studio one is a whole different animal. It's really rather poor. &quot;The Narrow Way&quot; and &quot;Several Species...&quot; are good for very diffent reasons. Everything else is terrible. &quot;Narrow Way&quot; is the closest to typical Floyd on the studio album. Nice guitar work too. &quot;Several Species...&quot; is the most hilarious thing I have ever heard. It's a work of art.<br />All in all, it's interesting, but only for the hardcore. Plus, it has a neat poster featuring the boys.
0385504209|5.0|The Da Vinci Code was recommended to me by many friends, and I did not regret it when I finally found it, after having hunted for it for months, only to be told that it, once again, was sold out in one day.<br />The Da Vinci Code was my first read by Dan Brown, and I am looking forward to pick up his other books.<br />The story starts with the murder of Jacques Sauni&eacute;re, curator at Louvre Museum in Paris. At the same time, historian Robert Langdon from Harvard, is giving a speech in Paris about symbols. It soon becomes clear, that Robert Langdon's visit to Paris was far from coincidental, as is the case with his involment in the Louvre murder. He does not know in the beginning, but the story shows that he, via his field of study in symbology and history, is very much involved indeed. It quickly becomes priority no. one to find the murderer. Jacques Sauni&eacute;re's granddaughter enters the scene, and from then there is no looking back. The book is very exciting and well written.<br />Dan Brown uses a lot of well known pieces of art, movies, books, scripts etc. to create a &quot;unbelievably believeable&quot; story, and it is hard not to become interested in many of the themes this book brings up. I recommend this book to anybody interested in a good story, history, religion, thrillers, symbols and magic.
B000024D4R|5.0|Third in a row of five perfect albums, &quot;Animals&quot; was the first in which it was quite obvious that Roger had complete control of this band. It's essentially a punk rock album mocking bureaucracy and capitolism. There's no signs of this being the same band as the one who performed &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn.&quot; It's usually forgotten, between &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; and &quot;The Wall,&quot; it really has no chance.<br />The two &quot;Pigs on the Wings&quot; parts are great, simple songs. &quot;Mother&quot; from &quot;The Wall&quot; is very similar to it.<br />&quot;Dogs&quot; is a great one. Terrific lyrics and great instrumentations.<br />&quot;Pigs (Three Different Ones)&quot; is another great one. A very funny song to me. <br />&quot;Sheep&quot; is my personal favorite. Very fast-paced and fierce. It seemed to pave the way to &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; from &quot;The Wall.&quot;<br />Get this album. You won't regret it.
B000055ZDT|5.0|Wow, this band is the heaviest thing I've ever heard in my life! How much bass heaviness can you get? This is the album to judge all other metal albums. &quot;Weird Tales&quot; just makes me want to go ape s$#t on people. The top of my list.
B000002U9Y|4.0|After initially being disappointed by the first Floyd Album, &quot;Piper,&quot; I was unsure about this second one. But, after putting it in, the worries were immediately put to rest. This is an excellent album, save the title song. I like the live version of it available on &quot;Ummagumma,&quot; but the studio one found here is just boring.<br />&quot;Corporal Clegg&quot; is a great tune. A lot of people seem to hate it, but I think it's fantastic. Quickly becoming one of my favorite Floyd songs.<br />&quot;Jugband Blues,&quot; Syd's last song with the Floyd, is a great one too. Really kind of sad when you think about it.<br />All in all, this is a terrific album, and one I listen to quite often.
0553582453|5.0|I have almost come to the conclusion that Robin Hobb cannot write a book I don't like. This second volume in this series brings back much of the emotional content of the Assassin trilogy, along with superb character development for all the players, especially Chade and the Fool.<br />Not much action in this book as usual, but I found it tremendously addictive. <br />Fitz is older and wiser. I miss Nighteyes. A lot. Prince Dutiful is not a wuss any more. The new characters introduced in this volume are all great. The book builds and builds... I can tell that the final volume will be a blast.
B000002C1W|3.0|The first time I heard this one, boy, did I hate it. It was really terrible. It started promisingly with &quot;Signs of Life&quot; and &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; but overall, it was really bad. &quot;On the Turning Away&quot; was also good, but everything else was bottom shelf material. But, a while later, I decided to give it another go. This time it was listenable. &quot;Dogs of War&quot; and both &quot;New Machine&quot; parts were still awful, but everything else was 'okay.'<br />This album is still a sore dissapointment. Pink Floyd albums should be much more than 'okay.' Roger's writing is sorely missed, and Rick should have been allowed to re-enter the band, rather than be a session player. I'm sure his playing would have vastly improved this album.<br />If new to Pink Floyd, skip this one. Buy &quot;Animals&quot; instead.
0694003611|5.0|I read this story to my 3 smallest story every night before they went to bed for years.  They all loved it and still remember me reading it to them. Wonderful memories for myself and my children. You can't go wrong with this one!
B000002UA2|4.0|&quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot; is the closest to typical rock and roll Pink Floyd ever came. Not that that's a bad thing, mind you. It's a good album. Great, considering that it's 'only a soundtrack.'<br />The only bad song on here is &quot;Absolutely Curtains&quot; which starts promisingly enough, but the chanting kills it.<br />My favorite is &quot;Free Four,&quot; a happy-go-lucky pop tune about dying. In fact, I do believe it's the first mention of ol' Roger's Dad dying in the war.<br />Go for it and buy this one. Don't hesitate.
0446608955|5.0|I believe that there is a book that can touch someones soul and leave them feeling changed just by having read it. &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is that book. I recommend that everyone should read this book. I have read this book 3 times and everytime I read it it still gets to me and leaves me in tears. I once heard some one say that just because your done with a book doesn't mean that it's done with you. &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is a book that I guarantee you'll want to read more than once. If your looking for a beautiful love story you don't have to look any farther than this book. Highly recommend for someone who is a romantic at heart, and believes that there is that certain someone out there who was meant just for you.
B00008CLOA|5.0|But don't get me wrong, it's still as good as Floyd gets. Of course, if you listen to rock and roll radio stations, you've heard every song on this album, save maybe &quot;Any Colour You Like.&quot;<br />&quot;Speak to Me/Breathe&quot; is the greatest opener for an album ever.<br />&quot;On the Run&quot; is the soundtrack of my nightmares. But I don't hold it against the song.<br />&quot;Time&quot; is a masterpiece. It just can't be any better.<br />&quot;The Great Gig in the Sky&quot; is good. Great instrumentations, though the girl's part was done better in 1994.<br />&quot;Money&quot; is the most overplayed song EVER, yet I still love it.<br />&quot;Us and Them&quot; is another masterpiece. Very moving.<br />&quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; is great.<br />&quot;Brain Damage/Eclipse&quot; is the perfect closer to an album.<br />Buy the album. Everybody's doing it.
B00005JLSE|5.0|What a great movie. For those who have seen the broadway play, or for those who haven't it is just a wonderful representation. The music and the dancing is spectacular. Buy it, you won't be disappointed.
B00005JMTQ|5.0|Not being a Nicholson or Keaton fan prior to this moving I was amazed at how the writer and director changed my opinon within hours. What an excellent feel-good film. I encourage anyone at any age to see this highly entertaining film but wholeheartedly encourge people over forty because this age group will truly reap the amusing, touching and engaging age implications -
1400049628|4.0|I used to think that nobody could do deadpan comedy like Mel Brooks, but I was wrong. His son has written one of the funniest books in years - it almost makes me wish we were in a 28 days later situation, with hordes of ravenous zombies everywhere, just so I could put the knowledge to use that I've learned from the guide. Serious in tone, well thought out and above all else, demented, this should be required reading for fans of end-of-the-world horror.
6305428042|5.0|This movie was entertaining from start to finish. Bette Midler was perfect for the lead witch role and played off perfectly her two partners in crime. The children were well played without too much &quot;cutesy&quot; stuff to make you gag.<br />It was nice to see this type of film that did not rely on special effects to keep you entertained. Shows what a good script, actors and direction can do for a film.
B000021Y77|3.0|This movie is purely amazing!  The plot is wonderful, that acting is superb and the soundtrack is fantastic!  Not only that, but the film used is perfect and the mix of blak and white and also film was wicked!!  i highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants real intensity and really good acting to the point where it seems like your in the movie!  Prepare to be blown away!!!!
B0000DZ3DR|5.0|Perfect collaburation between genious Clark and Textone Olson. Re-release of the original 1987 album with good bonus. Highly recomended!<br />L-O Str&ouml;m
B00005V3Z4|5.0|At this writing, there are over 500 reviews of this movie.  I won't spend time here repeating a review of the plot or discussing the characters (all excellent).  Instead I will tell you about  my family and this movie.  My 17-yr-old son started talking about it one day because he had seen it late one night on one of the cable movie channels.  He said it was really good and he was looking for it to come up again. He said we HAD to see it.  It eventually did come on again one late night, and he made my husband and daughter watch it with him.  The next morning my husband was shaking his head with a smile on his face and saying that the movie was good but quirky.  He wanted to see it again, as did my daughter.  Flipping around channels one early, early morning I chanced onto this movie.  I watched it, totally enthralled, and totally oblivious to the fact that it was 4 in the morning and I had to go to work in a little bit.  When it was over I got up and complained to my sleeping son that I was now hooked, late for work, and it was all his fault.  I've seen it a couple times on the cable channels, but that wasn't enough, so I bought it for Christmas for the family.  They were excited.  It is entertaining, rich with character and plot development, engaging, addicting, and after you watch it, you can't stop thinking about it.  See it and enjoy.
B00008PW2D|4.0|Oh come on, it's really not this bad. I bought the DVD today and after reading all these reviews I was expecting these 8 episodes to be absolutely horrible. And you know what, they aren't. They may not be the cream of the crop, and they certainly aren't the best to come out of this show, but they are still entertaining, and that's what this show it all about. It's not a life changing show with deep views and moving topics, but it's something to relax and just laugh with, and at. These are not the best epsiodes, but they are still enjoyable. I'm glad I spent my hard earned, whopping 35 dollars on it (gasp, 35 dollars-oh my! oh my!) and I plan to invest in the next season when it comes out, too.
B00005JM0B|4.0|I agree with one of the other reviewers of this movie that stated they did not understand how all of a sudden the Dyson character in T2 became obsolete because the general in this film is the one that implemented Skynet.  This movie was good but could have been so much better, if the script had been done right.  They should have explained more how Judgement Day was postponed and how Skynet still got built after all evidence and work that had been done by Dyson and Cyberdine in T2 was destroyed.  This was not explained hardly at all.  And I thought the ending was kind of lame, and sad.  It just ends with Judgement Day being fulfilled and that is it??  I guess we are supposed to then assume what we know to happen (from all three films) will happen.  That John Conner will lead the resistance against the machines.  <br />The DVD is good with lots of extra's.  Perhaps a director's cut of this film will surface some day and be able to add to some of the mysteries I speak of above.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|The best way to watch this movie is to disregard the fact that it stars Bill Murray and to keep in mind that it's a mood piece rather than a big-budget Hollywood movie.  Not much happens, the dialogue is sparse, but by the end, you'll either get it or you won't.  It's a movie, not a true depiction of daily life in Tokyo, just like Sex and the City isn't a true depiction of New York or Pretty Woman isn't a true depiction of LA.  As for the racial overtones, while Japanese stereotypes abound, so do American ones (the trashy lounge singer, the dumb-American blonde who's obsessed with herself and skin cream).  As someone who's spent time in Japan, I didn't have a problem with it.  The only thing that I did wonder was why the main characters didn't have a better attitude about being there in the first place.  If she felt alone all the time and dislocated, why did she go to Japan with her photographer husband in the first place?  And shouldn't a guy who's washed-up in the US and being paid two million dollars to do a couple of commercials in Japan be a little more excited about the prospect of being there?  I couldn't feel the slightest bit sorry or sad for either of them because they are still luckier than most of the people watching this film.
B000065V3H|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF THE GREATEST TEEN MOVIE'S EVER MADE.  I just saw a preview the other day for a movie thats about to be released.. i think its called &quot;Love Dont Cost A Thing&quot; - and its a total rip off !!!! of Can't Buy me Love, just shows how their is no originality these days, they sample the hell out of music, now movies !!
B00008PW2D|3.0|Okay. First let me first say that I am writing from the perspective of a 20 year-old male college student. Not that being a guy matters. Well. It does.<br />Let's be stereotypical for a moment. Guys are tight with their money. And in my case, poor college guys are really tight with their money and are really skeptical about buying things unless it's really worth it. I happened to come across the 5th season today and saw if for sale for $30. I am secretly in love with \\"Sex and the City\\" (so are my fellow college buddies) and own all the other seasons. I remembered that I bought the last season for the exact same price, but with much, much more episodes. I held it in my hands and thought to myself, \\"is this worth it?\\" Common sense told me no. But my obsessive compulsive alter-ego who was dying to have a complete set told me yes. So I bought it. The moment I got to my apartment, I popped it into the DVD player hoping to convince myself that this was more valuable than the groceries that could have lasted me for a week.<br />There were two disks.<br />The first contained:<BR>~Four episodes (Anchors Away, Unoriginal Sin, Luck Be an Old Lady, Cover Girl)<BR>~Audio Commentaries (which are always interesting to listen to)<BR>~A Season Index<br />The second contained:<BR>~Four episodes (Plus One is the Loneliest Number, Critical Condition, The Big Journey, I Love a Charade)<BR>~Audio Commentaries<BR>~A Trivia Game (Fun for only about 5 minutes)<BR>~A Behind the Scenes feature with Costume Designer, Patricia Field (About 22 minutes long, only for those interested in women's fashion. It talked about all designs for all four girls)<br />So did I convince myself that it was worth it? Kinda. Truthfully, buy it if you're a die-hard fan. If you're even wondering about whether are not you should even pick it up, don't. I sucked it up like a man and watched a couple of episodes. And some of them are really great. Mr. Big sorry for everything that he did in \\"The Big Journey\\"? Man thatguy is cool. But still, right now, I wish I had a frozen pizza. But of course, afterall, this is coming from a guy.
0553812173|5.0|This book rivals George R.R. Martin's A Game of Thrones in its very &quot;literary&quot; treatment of the genre. By literary in this case I mean it goes beyond the linear storytelling offered in the more mainstream fantasy offered by the Dungeons and Dragons set. It also differs in its grittiness, which makes some balk at the rather non-traditional aspects of Erikson's writing (such as the rather modern language of most of the characters, which is for the most part bereft of flowery &quot;thee and thou&quot; type prose). The work of authors like R.A. Salvatore is workmanlike but good, and it does its job of giving the world its required supply of standard fantasy fare. But the world also needs those tales outside the mold, to keep things fresh. Both types of fantasy are needed, in my humble opinion. And neither should be ridiculed for their unique traits, either. Anyway, so as not to make this review a soap box alone, Gardens of the Moon is incredible to the mind of this fantasy veteran. Give it a chance. Should you like the more standard stuff, so be it. No problem. Just don't look upon the other side of the fantasy coin with disdain just because your tastes are different. Stepping down from the soap box now. Happy reading.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Perhaps it will be twenty years from now when this album will recieve its proper recognition, because when it was released, it recieved virtually none.  I didn't even really hear about this one until after I'd heard Kid A.<br />At any rate, I think this album was a key transitional step for radiohead- the Bends was by far their most personal and lyrically superior album, and Kid A was completely experimental and lyrically abstract.  That said, OK Computer ranges from lukewarm to emotionally engaging lyrics, backed by music that at times rocks, other times makes you want cry.  Radiohead is my favorite band, and when I'm trying to get a friend into them, I start with this album.  It's very quintessential of the style they write music, but more accessable than later works.  This one is pretty eclectic.<br />There's always the &quot;sgt. pepper&quot;-type albums the public latches onto, but I'll stick with my &quot;revolver&quot;-type albums that can take decades to appreciate.
B0000DCGT1|5.0|Seabiscuit is one of those rare films that really tugs at the heartstrings It's about fighting the good fight and never giving up. Tobey Maguire is great, and Jeff Bridges is excellent, as well as Chris Copper and William H Macy.<br />If this film does not get an Oscar, then there is no good in the world.
B00004TX5F|5.0|I'm not particularly concerned about review guidelines: I just want to register my delighted amazement and suggest that YOU WATCH THIS FILM. If your favourite films include The Outlaw Josie W, Bladerunner, Get Carter (original), The Enigma of Kasper Hauser, Barry Lyndon and Satyricon, then I suggest you prepare yourself for a treat.
B000001Y42|5.0|Yeah, first albums are always the best of the bands. Here Limp Bizkit was looking for their own sound but always following the same style, the mixture between rap and nu metal. They made it sound great in many tracks like Pollution, Counterfeit, Sour and Stuck. I also loved Faith -Jorge Michael's cover-.I think it's the heaviest album Limp Bizkit has done,it is fast, has got crude lyrics and great beats.it's a pitty they didn't go back to that crude sound like Korn but well... This is my opinion about the Bizkit's albums>>><BR> <BR>1st place = Three dollar bill y'all$ -instrumentally cool, powerful lyrics.<BR> <BR>2nd place = Results May Vary - no matter the bad critics, this cd rocks and new guitar man's f*cking amazing- good quality music.<BR>   <BR>3rd place = Significant Other- a sound that's softer than the first one but with many hits like Nookie and Rearranged.<br />4th place = Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water- heavier, instrumentally good, some songs are really good, others are just fillers, no matter it's ok for me.
B00006LLLN|5.0|This CD was given to me as a gift for Christmas.  I've listened to it every time I have been in my truck since, driving to and from work, etc...  I just really like this CD.  I cannot think of a reason to give it any less than 5 stars.
B00005V3Z4|2.0|I actually liked the movie a lot, but I get the impression that some people (read: stoned teenagers) try to find hidden meanings of things in the movie. I also fear that this was the intention of the director. God I hope not. <br />I think it's an indication of under developed appreciation of art to have to add some sort of logic to things like this movie. Simple style and mood, hints at motivation, and bizarre imagery are fine on there own. They don't all have to tell a story. They don't even have to even represent anything at all.<br />I'd give it 4 and a half stars but I'm going to try to offset the art school kids on this thing so I'll give it 2
B0000AQS6R|5.0|let's all remember to keep Christ in Christmas
0345357116|5.0|This book has much more additional information on Middle earth.<br />I loved the intertwined stories of Tuor and Turin and the fate/doom upon them and their families.  Another book from Tolkien's writings that gives the middle earth lover the goods that they want.<br />Get this book and read it often.
B0000VCZK2|4.0|First the good news; Fox has done an outstanding job with this great box set. Alien has never looked this good on DVD. There are a few minor drawbacks. 1) There's no isolated music track (seems that Fox couldn't get clearence from Goldsmith to do this) 2)No alternate music track (ditto). Other than that, Alien looks really good. Edge enhancement has been kept to a minimum and the use of a digital filter to get rid of some of the analog flaws, have improved the look of this dark film enormously. Someone commented on some of the effects looking fake--hey folks this was made 26 years ago (released 25).<br />Aliens--The film doesn't look a whole lot different from the previous version. There is less compression problems associated with the film but it's made from the same high definition digital master that the 1999 release was. Cameron's commentary (and that of the cast)is entertaining and very informative. Cameron makes a couple of brief comments about Fincher's sequel (he thought the film looked great but he knew the audience would resent the death of Newt and Hicks). The extended version is the one to watch as it has more depth and the story is much broader in scope. <br />Alien 3 appears to be the dark horse of the set. Fincher's version wasn't his--the film was taken away from him during the editing phase. He had constant battles on set and in post-production with Fox (there's 30 minutes missing from the documentary on disc 6. It was cut prior to the discs being pressed and released. Why? Fincher makes his feelings very clear in a couple of onset sequences such as calling Fox's executives morons, etc.). The extended version was prepared without Fincher's involvement which is really too bad as it's much better than the theatrical cut. Is it a perfect film? No. It's not up to the first two films for a variety of reasons chief among them the constantly changing script and some of the stinky rewrites. Still, some outstanding scenes, acting and a visual style that looks great.<br />Alien Resurrection actually would have benefited from the scenes added to the extended verison. The opening is completely different and sets the tone for the dark brooding comedy at the heart of the film. The opening wasn't finished (budget issues again)so it's reconstructed from partially finished effects. The ending on Earth, I thought, improved the film. <br />The second disc here isn't as informative as there were less problems than with Alien, Aliens and Alien 3. Everybody makes nice and no one says anything nasty. <br />Disc nine has an interesting Q&amp;A from the 2001 screening at the Egyptian (just 3 days after 9/11)in Hollywood. There's also a great BBC documentary on the making of the first film. Sadly, Yapett Kotto and Ian Holm are not included in this either. The laserdisc extras are archieved here as well. <br />Why not five stars? Well the edited documentary on Alien 3 and the lousy packaging. I also would have preferred to have one single director's commentary vs. a mish mash of director/crew/actors. 1 commentary track each would have been better.<br />Now, is anybody else sad to hear that they are maing Alien vs. Predator? Paul W.S. Anderson (Resident Evil)co-wrote the script and is directing. The plot concerns an archelogy dig in Anarctica where the discover...Aliens and a number of teenage Predators ready to hunt them down. Sounds like Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein--the end of the line of the series. Hopefully Anderson can make this plot (with elements adapted from the books)fly. I'll keep my fingers crossed although it isn't too promising.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I have seen the many specials on TV for Britney and thought I would give her music a try.  I picked the wrong CD for experimenting with music from Britney.  This CD really stinks. Needless to say, I won't be buying any more Britney CD's.
B000002KHB|5.0|What a shame that only those who is today over 40 can really appreciate how great this album is. And it doesn't matter how many times you heard it. When you feel a need for some heavy metal rock this album get settled in the top of list in your mind.<BR>Definitely, this is a brilliant masterpiece, most lucky thing  ever made in rock music life. Deep Purple paved the way, they were first, and they didn't mimic anyone. In this album (well, there are also &quot;Burn&quot;, &quot;Lady Double Dealer&quot;, &quot;Speed King&quot;, and so on) they found unique notes and it's impossible to bit them.
0345409671|5.0|Memnoch comes to Lestat with an unusual opportunity. Lestat agrees to let Memnoch make his case before he agrees to anything, and so begins Lestat's tour of Heaven, Hell and human history, both beautiful and bloody.<br />Although The Vampire Lestat is still one of the most compelling of Anne Rice's books that I have read, this one can definitely compete in the same league.<br />I approached this novel with some caution after reading the terrible reviews, but I turned the last page of the book with immense satisfaction. If you thirst for some good philosophical fantasy, uninhibited storytelling and a little indulgence for your Shadow Self, then I highly recommend this book. It definitely puts an interesting spin on typical Christian ideas, and makes you wonder if those &quot;twenty million people could be wrong&quot;.<br />On whether this book is a valid instalment in the Vampire Chronicles, I would have to say yes. Even though vampirism is &quot;not central to the tale&quot;, 'Memnoch the Devil' explores the humanistic aspect that lingers in Lestat and all the remaining vampires in spite of the cool detachment of immortality. It further explores the Atheism vs. Mysticism profound in the Chronicles' first three books and in modern society's sense of spirituality or lack thereof.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence is not one of those bands with a couple hit songs, and the rest is trash. I am an extensive CD collecter with over 75 CDs, but this is the first CD I have ever bought where I liked every song.  Every single song on this CD is original, has a great tune and great lyrics. Don't buy this CD expecting only to apprieciate the hits like Bring Me To Life, Going Under and My Immortal.  Amy's angelic voice and Ben's sophisticated lyrics rule every song on this album. Other songs like Everybody's Fool, Haunted, Imaginary, Whisper and Hello are just as good if not better than Evansence's chart-topping hits. The songs are not repeditive and you won't get bored with this album fast. This is a debut that Evanescence should be proud of , and I hope that their up coming CD lives up to this gold-medal standard.
156224003X|5.0|One night I had a terrible, terrible time in my beginner's jazz ensemble class. Every note I played sounded more horrible than the one before. I distinctly remember, as I was walking toward the train station from the New School in Greenwich Village, New York City, eying every dumpster I saw and thinking -- I could toss my flute in one of those, and I would never have to think about music ever again. But I couldn't quite bear to throw thousands of dollars away, so I didn't throw my flute into the trash.<br />Fortunately, also that night in class, the teacher recommended Effortless Mastery by Kenny Werner to another student who was also floundering. The title stuck with me, so the next day I went out and bought the book.<br />I immediately read the book at least four times through, and I did the meditations daily for over a month. The book and meditations cured my feelings of inadequatecy and rid me forever of the stage fright that had been a problem too.<br />If it hadn't been for this book, I would have quit playing music, and missed out on thousands of hours of joy as a musician, a composer, a band member and as a jazz performer in the very same New York City neighborhood where I took my first jazz ensemble classes.<br />Warmest heartfelt thanks, Kenny Werner, for keeping me playing.
1400034779|1.0|I had to read this book because it was selected by my book club.  Had I read it when I was 12 it might have been fun. The stories are written at a childish level and to market this as anything other than a Nancy Drew level book is astounding. Fortunately it is over and done with quickly.
B000002UJQ|5.0|i am with all the people who want this to get to 5 stars. actually the only reason i am writing this review is becuase i want it to get to 5 stars. i was outraged at reading the 1-2 star ratings. Over rated, boring. These are not the words to describe this album, but i am not ready to pick a fight with the reviwers who put them up.<br />i am only 15....i dont know if this is a revolutionary album of the 90's or even the past 2 decades. all i know is this album is bloody good. it only took 2 listens to get me captivated.<br />Radiohead should be proud of this album and they do deserve 5 stars. The reviewer i fully agreed with was nick...he is right why avril, 5 stars but not radiohead....i just dont get it
B0000027EP|5.0|People can say what they want, but 1916 is a GREAT Motorhead album. It's all here, simple fast riffs, sense of humor, Lemmy's roaring and catchy tunes. \\"Voices in the Sky\\" has a great melody is very tight. Could you imagine for a moment flying on an airplane to the land of sex and sunshine? Check out \\"Going to Brazil\\" and you'll get the idea. The RAMONES tribute is awesome, I loved the fact that there was no guitar solo. The standout track though is the closing 1916. Rarely can 'beautiful' be used to describe a Motorhead track, but Lemmy nailed it. With just a drum and an oboe, he sings of the terrors of the 1916 'Great Offensive'. Years ago I thought this to be a very strange thing for Lemmy to do, but Lemmy knows best. This song has stood. I wonder if he ever had the balls to do it live.
B00008R9M0|4.0|I love this movie just as much as the first Men in Black. It's just a fun little SciFi piece of entertainment. Others have given this movie low marks here because it is only 88 minutes long for some reason - thank goodness! All movies don't have to be 3 1/2 hours long. Overall, I like this movie - it's just plain fun. And it looks outstanding ( Superbit Version ) on a good DLP home theater projector!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|i loved watching this show and think i will stop watching anything on fox so i don't have to pine for ANOTHER lost good show. i also liked john doe and fastlane which they killed at the same time.....when are those exec's gonna wake up?!?
0380789035|3.0|I finished American Gods this afternoon. A very interesting read, and some memorable lines and whatnot. The writing style was wanting in some aspects, but that didn't detract from a decent story. The ending was a bit of a downer, but I was satisfied with the way the author tied things up. The idea of Jesus hitch-hiking in Afghanistan was humerous, if inaccurate (any good Muslim would have stopped for the prophet Isa (pbuh)). Odd thing, though...I mean, where was Jesus in America and, more importantly, where was God? People believe in them, correct? But apparently, only pagan, technology, and intagible gods exist in a country where the majority of people worship in the major monotheistic traditions.  Hell, even the gods of the Hindus make appearences, but God, the deity with the most worship on Earth? Nope. Or Jesus, who exists (according to the book) in Central Asia? Don't count on it.<br /> Also, how does Shadow take all of this in so calmly? Mr. Gaimon would have us believe that one's wife dying is a perfect excuse to accept the most bizarre of circumstances (gods? undead wife? etc). Yeah, no dice. The man just floats through the book, almost entirely unphased by his encounters with deities and demons. The reader will encounter much difficulty in sympathizing with such an obscure, flat character. The most admirable things about him is the fact that he hooks up with Bast. Finally, it confuses me that a god lives on belief, but can be killed by bullets. Whatever. A decent read that went down easy for someone who lives on never-ending fantasy series, but it suffers from plot-holes, character development, and the writing style could use some polish.<br />Interesting, but would not buy it.
B00006RINF|5.0|I was first introduced to Lacuna Coil's music when I purchased &quot;Unleashed Memories&quot; a couple of years ago, just shortly before I got into Nightwish. I was immediately hooked by the melodic hooks and dark lyrics. I am not big on today's metal scene but Lacuna Coil is one of the handful that I truly enjoy listening to, besides Lullacry, Nightwish, and Evanescence. I have been searching for the band's latest album &quot;Comalies&quot; here, there, and everywhere. I finally found a copy of &quot;Comalies&quot; on Sunday. I found an unopened copy of the cd in the used bins and I automatically snatched it up. After listening to &quot;Comalies&quot; a few times, I must say that this is the band's best work (or at least better than their last album as good as that was). I love the combination of Christina Scabbia and Andrea Ferro's vocals. While Christina's vocals are more angelic or ethereal, Andrea's vocals are more gruff and harder-edged therefore both vocals complement each other without overwhelming one another. I wouldn't necessarily lump Lacuna Coil in the genre of goth music but they certainly have some goth influences in their music. I would describe Lacuna Coil as more metal than goth. My favorite songs on the album have to be the more heavier, aggressive tracks like &quot;Daylight Dancer&quot; and &quot;Heaven's Lie&quot;. The ballads are good and they aren't cheesy but I love aggressive music. I never thought I would be able to find a copy of &quot;Comalies&quot; but miracles happens and I certainly got lucky yesterday.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|The Strokes decided that their fomular works so they copied it and took the safe way out, basically they did another \\"Is This It\\". This is what made my dislike the album from first listen. I believe that every artist who releases an album has to make progress whether it is more mature lyrics or going into another direction (eg: what radiohead did after ok computer). I couldn't help but be dissapointed by \\"room On Fire\\"<br />BUT no matter what people like me say, we all should know now that they can and are getting away with this album. They have garnered so much respect from the rock world and reviewers that in-return they could not bring themselves to bag and tag this album as a dissapointment. The Strokes have power. But i must say they let this album slip and got a way with it, but next time it won't be so easy....
B000002H2H|4.0|Yes Cliff and the boys were riding high on the lightning indeed. It's funny when I first heard this album back in 87, I thought Metallica was a 'death' metal band. Hey who could blame me? We got songs here about nuclear war, execution, battle, suicide, drowning, and the Angel of Death himself looking for lamb's blood on the doors during Passover. I'll get some major boos for this one, but I never liked 'Fade to Black'. I'm sorry, to me it was always a sappy, teenage girl, feel sorry for me suicide song. I always skip it, and this album would have been five stars without it.<br />RIP Cliff. The real fans still remember.
B00005V3Z4|4.0|A few of my friends told me about this film and i was interested as i hadn't heard much about it...i was astounded by what i saw! I actually thought i was not enjoying it throughout as i kept thinking 'where is this going?!'. Some of the reviews have given too much away which i think is a shame cause you need to watch it for what it is and leave the analytical thoughts in your head. This kinda reminded me of American beauty in many ways especially the sliding side shots revealing everyone's conclusions at the end, plus the film primarily focuses on two troubled teenagers, very american beauty.<BR>All in all excellent film!
B00006LIRI|1.0|I am so incredably upset at U2's second hits CD and it really dissapoints in a lot of ways. Even hardcore fans who got this CD to have their known hits during the 1990s will notice that there are serious problems with the way they put this CD together. <br /> One serious thing that really Ps me Off is that they rerecorded the singles off their 1997 album &quot;Pop&quot;. What the hel.l. were they thinking? I loved the original versions on that album but these new versions especially &quot;Discotheque&quot; just plain stink! &quot;Discotheque&quot; now sounds dry and lifeless in it's new version. Yergh. They really soiled a great classic. <br /> I also don't like &quot;The Hands That Built America&quot; very much. This song isn't bad but I find it to be rather boring and subpar by U2 standards. <br /> This is not a bad collection but this is one of the most poorly assembled collections I've ever bought! <br /> Do not buy this! <br /> A total waste of time and money. Just get their original albums instead. <br /> I don't even recommend the 2-CD version of this album either. The 1980-1990 CD, even though that had it's missteps, is far superior in every way.
B0000C0FJB|4.0|Rush in Rio is an excellent present I got for Christmas.  There is a wide mix of fast/slow, new/old, vocal/instrumental music on the three disk set -- even a little big band in the drum solo on disk 2.<BR>;-)<BR>The sound recorded Geddy's voice somewhat muted on most tracks, but the instruments come through fine.  The LIVE and excited audience makes their presence known, but that's how I remember the concert at the Virginia Beach Amphitheatre.  The liner notes include a few pictures and a nice narration from Neil Pert explaining the conditions leading up to the concert that concluded their 66 show tour -- an awesome acheivement!  No complaints here for this wonderful package.  Let's hope their next tour will be sooner than five years from now.  Rush on!
B0000C7PQK|5.0|I'd like to comment on Mr. Karlsburg's comments on his review of Voyager. Micheal's voice is not all over the cd, actually another male singer by the the name of Andru is the dominant male voice along with Ruth-Ann from Olive, as the dominant female voice, SHE sings Following the Sun. Thank you very much ;)<BR>This cd is classic Engima and it works (if you all know what I mean). I happen to enjoy the increase of vocals that were dominate on Screen Behind the Mirror (again Ruth-Ann from Olive), these vocals are enjoyable and much easier to listen to then the likes of Hootie and the Blowfish...
B00009L1TA|5.0|Remember its a movieeeee guysss.<BR>Well i wont tell anythign about the story like the other reviwers.<BR>JUST TAKE THE TIME AND WATCH THIS ONE, very good, good actors, and a good finale.<BR>if you like movies were you try to guess whats happening, and its not that, the you go ahhh now i know, and pum it wasnt it neither. WELL THIS ONE WILL STAND YOU GUESSING TILL THE END. ITS GOOODDD
B0000584V3|5.0|Wow, what can I say? Words really don't do this justice...but i'll go ahead anyways. This has to be my favorite Opeth and it has a special place next to my heart, since this was the cd that got me into true metal and out of the sh*t hole known as nu-metal. I remember when Michael Akerfeldt started singing in The leper affinity...me and my friend were totally stunned.This album basically changed my taste dramatically for the better, for sure! Now focusing more so on the album...the production (courtesy of Steve wilson of Porcupine tree) is perfect, just an incredibly rich sound to everything. I also think Michael Akerfeldts is at his best here, both the guttaral growl and the clean singing. And as for the rest of the band, I would say that Opeth has one of the most solid line ups in bands i've heard, just that every member is so gooood, and no ones really competing for being the best. Well anyways, enough of what I think , just go buy it if you haven't already! And don't forget about the rest of the Opeth collection either , that would be quite the mistake!
B0000CDLA7|2.0|i will agree with all the people above who actually mentioned that this album is way below my expectations! and since i'm more like a progressive fan rather than a metall fan, i find this album sounding very &quot;hard&quot;. i believe that having a great album out every year, while you are not frank zappa, is VERY difficult to do. maybe they should take a rest and get some fresh ideas in order to achieve something near (the unachievable for me) Mp2:SFAM!
B000002L68|1.0|Prince has to be one of the most overated talents in the history of pop music.  This self absorbed, annoying, hopelessly dated CD will have you scratching your head wondering how critics still persist in labeling Prince's tired gimmickry &quot;musical genious.&quot;<br />Prince's rocket fueled climb to the top of the artistic heap in the early eighties was promptly followed by a more rapid and well deserved plummet.  It all started and ended here...
B0000027RL|5.0|ten is hands down one of the greatest albums of the 90s and up there for all tim.  everyone should own this cd
B000069CWE|5.0|Firstly, let me start by saying that you should get a copy of hybrid theory and listen to it several times before you get reanimation. Two years ago, I thought this album was &quot;over-technoed,&quot; but that was before I got into linkin park and really started listening to their music. They're an amazingly talented group, but reanimation can't be fully appreciated for wat it is until you become familiar with the original tracks on hybrid theory.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|This album is one of the best. It is this year's &quot;A Rush of Blood to the Head&quot; (Coldplay if you are not literate in music)! Yes, this sounds alot like &quot;Is This It?&quot;, but who cares?! It's the Strokes! That's all that matters! I only have one thing to complain about on this album is that the CD is only 33 minutes. To me, this is what I consider to be an EP. To be considered an LP would be 40 minutes or more. Why can't we have a long Strokes album? Are they afraid to bore the audience? Come on Strokes, bring out a 40+ minute album! It'll make me love you guys even more. On the plus side, this is better than Is This It?!
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Casting Fonda as the one of the meanest of all Western villians<BR>is a masterstroke.  The final duel is excellent.  And the first time I watched it as a teenager, and saw how the &quot;harmonica&quot; came to be, my jaw was on the floor!<br />Also, soundtrack by Morricone....what more needs to be said!<br />Danny
B000002U8G|5.0|'Echoes' is a song that took some coming around to for me but now I recognize as one of Floyd's two or three best tracks ever.  The words, the melody, the guitar, the keyboard...It last over 20 minutes but cruises by every time.<br />'One of These Days' is a now-classic Floyd rocker that lends some life to this otherwise dreamy, sedated work.<br />The rest of the album is pretty nondescript, but nontheless it does well to maintain the calm oceany atmosphere and the solid songwriting of Waters and company.  The one exception is 'San Tropez' which is a wonderful little ditty that recalls sandy beaches and tall palm trees.<br />Overall, a solid piece of work made into an exceptional one by the uncomparable 'Echoes.'
0385504209|3.0|THE DA VINCI CODE is disappointing.  The problem is not that the book isn't fast paced and suspenseful - it is to both.  But that's all it is.  There are plenty of \\"hooks\\" and plot twists, but they occur on a page-to-page level.  Once the story is established as a quest for the Holy Grail, the arc of the plot becomes highly predictable.  That the story is about the search for the actual Holy Grail, and the biggest conspiracy in the history of western civilization, is another problem.  The scope is as big as it seems.  The suspension of disbelief becomes shaky less than halfway through the book and never recovers (side diatribes about the theological implications of THE LITTLE MERMAID don't help matters).  As if that weren't bad enough, after we come to realize the story really is about the search for the Grail, even after its \\"true nature\\" is revealed, even after it is actually located... we don't get to see it.  Had the book ended with some doubt about whether the Grail - and the massive conspiracy about it -- was real, hiding it would have worked.  But by the end of the book there is no doubt about its authenticity.  We are told somewhere in the middle of the story what type of thing the Grail really is (it isn't a cup), but we don't learn much more about it once its location is discovered.  The whole thing has the unpleasant smell of the new-age self-help book, THE CELESTINE PROPHESY.  Well, it wasn't quite that bad - but precisely because it wasn't that bad, it was even more disappointing.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is incredibly talented. Their music is so creative, and just so musically amazing. Just listen to the rythms...they're sO GOOD!
B00005JMGL|3.0|I cannot decide which it is. Just as in the book, there are grown-up themes about what it means to grow up and take resoponsibility for one's feelings in this more-faithful retelling.<br />My son is 5 and he enjoyed so much about it (especially the crocodile). But the whole girl/boy/feelings thing was just over his head enough to get him all worked up. He hid under the seat during much of that stuff....it was sort of comical, actually. <br />Hook was nasty enough to be a bit scary. The Darlings were....well, darling. Peter looked so much like Peter that before this actor played Peter, he probably had people tease him about looking like Peter Pan. He was really effective. The set design was so real/fantastical that the mood was thoroughly captured. The element that did NOT strike true was Tinkerbell. She looked wrong, overacted, and was just the wrong kind of Tinkerbell.<br />I liked it and so did my kids. Must be good, then, right?
B000002U9W|5.0|Atom Heart Mother is one of those ealry Floyd albums that on first listen strikes you as a little odd, not great, but certainly unique, but after multiple listens grows on you to the point at which you can't get enough of it.<br />The title track features an orchestra and a recurring, ominous horn riff.  It is a huge work at over 20 minutes, and there is lots of down time, but it IS great.  <br />'If' and 'Fat Old Sun' are probably my two least favorite tracks on the album, which is surprising because they were written by Waters and Gilmour, respectively.  'If' has some nice lyrics by Waters but is a little too repetitive and frankly boring.  'Fat Old Sun' has a pretty melody and is sung beautifully but the lyrics are a bit trite (and the vocals seem to have been mixed in far too low...).  The closing guitar solo is solid, though.<br />'Summer 68' is the gem of this album: an unheralded classic by Rick Wright.  A lovely keyboard riff, beautiful verses (has to be the prettiest song about a one night stand I've ever heard!), and a psychedelic chorus.  My only qualm is the grand orchestra interlude is a little too much.<br />The closing track could have been produced a little better - it has some fascinating performances by the band, seemingly live-in-the-studio, and lots of uninteresting talk.<br />Still, the album holds together beautifully as a whole, and gets 5 stars for its uniqueness and ambition.
B000002KKD|5.0|What's that you say?  You want party music.  You wanna dance like a monk-funk mowgli, but you don't want to be seen to be a trend-hound, you don't want to leap aboard this funk-punk-disco wagon that doin' the rounds.  Hmm... let me see now... Well there's always this, you can't go wrong with this.  It's a joyous meisterwork from Athens' finest, the B-52s.  This could whip up a mother thumpin' rumpus in a mausoleum.  It's new wave gospel music.  And these Georgians preach a fearsome hip shaking truth...  Yeah, this is the one.  Hearing this again...  It's making my ears all prickly.  Wow I mean look at these songs.  Planet Claire, that's a kind of spooky b-movie sci-fi, exotica, hypno-rhythmic monster, if you follow me.  52 Girls, that might be my favourite.  It hits this, this incredible surf guitar groove that sends shivers up and down my spine.  And Dance This Mess Around, there's your perfect party song right there.  You could goad your friends into doing the Hip-o-crit, or the Aqua-velva, or or the Escalator!  Oh yeah, and then of course you've got the demented Rock Lobster.  You must know that one.  It'll have you beating the dance floor like a loved-up baboon.  Side two doesn't really live up to that sublime flip but, you know, it's still good stuff.  I mean that 6060-842, yeah that's a cracking little song.  So, anyway, has that helped?  Come on, be honest.  I don't mind.  You were lookin' a bit down in the mouth.  This will give you that sparkle, I promise.  Look at my eye.  See that sparkle?  And I'm just sitting here talking about it...
B000002A46|5.0|all i want for christmas-<br />wonderful loud vocals by mariah<br />the last note of the song truly amazing<br />miss you most at christmas time-<br />a very moving song<br />joy to the world-<br />amazing gospel vocals and mariah vocals
B00005UKE0|2.0|Apparently the entire rest of the world likes this album, but I don't see why. First, the production is truly awful. It's a overly-overdubbed, reverby sludge that reminds me a little of the lousy sound of Lennon and Nilsson's &quot;Pussycats.&quot; There are supposed to be so many great musicians on this album, but who can even tell when they are burried under Spector's muffled &quot;wall.&quot; By comparison, the added tracks sound clean and refreshing, like they can actually breathe.<br />Also, outside of a few very pleasant hits, there aren't any good songs. Even a song like &quot;Wah wah&quot; that could have been good, is overly repetitive and runs on for twice the amount of time that it warrants. Some of the lyrics are pure divel (I Dig Love??!!!) that may be anachronisms but sure don't hold up well today. Many of the non-hits were difficult to sit through.<br />I feel like I have been led astray by all the reviewers who have gushed about this album over the years. I have liked most all of George's other solo efforts, so I figured this one would be a sure thing... but it just wasn't. I liked 33 and 1/3, Brainwashed, Dark Horse and a couple of others all better than &quot;All things must pass.&quot; I should have &quot;passed&quot; on this one.
B000001ESP|5.0|Soy fanático de Rush hace algunos años. Precisamente, el primer disco que tuve fue Moving Pictures y...fue extraordinaria la sensación que la música de estos genios ocasionó en mi mente. Para empezar la heroica &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot; con esos sintetizadores alucinantes, luego &quot;Red Barchetta&quot; con todas sus altas y bajas como conduciendo al Ferrari, &quot;YYZ&quot;...ufff!!! demasiado...qué locos para tocar a esa velocidad, &quot;Limelight&quot; realmente todo un clásico del rock y una letra maravillosa, &quot;The Camera Eye&quot; el primer tema de RUSH que escuché y uno de mis favoritos, es una lástima que no lo toquen en sus presentaciones. Finalmente, &quot;Witch Hunt&quot; bastante suave en comparación al resto y &quot;Vital Signs&quot; un tema rarísimo pero genial por la llevada tan extraña de Alex.<br />A aquellos que son fanáticos del rock en general (progres, metaleros, punks, darks y demás) o que sencillamente gusten de la música bien hecha, les recomiendo que escuchen a estos maestros y en especial este album tan vanguardista y virtuoso. <BR>&quot;Moving Pictures&quot; es el boleto de entrada al mundo de este trío notable.
0446677450|3.0|I read this book a while back with high expectations. After completely reading it i just thought to myself &quot;ok where do i start and how&quot; The book lacked alot of info on how to make your money work for you, but gave alot more info on RK's life. <BR>Don't get me wrong I did like his way of looking at things and his way of thinking, but he just didn't give enough info on &quot;how to&quot; Maybe his other books are more detailed and have much more to go off of. I'll try one more book. Can anyone recommend anything?
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I had not heard of this show until after it was cancelled.  A television series of this quality is an exceedingly rare find.  I wholeheartedly recommend Firefly not just to sci-fi fans, but to anyone who enjoys an excellent cast, an ingenious script, and a captivating story.  Maybe HBO could pick up the ball that Fox so mindlessly dropped.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This cd is awesome at first and grows on you the more you listen to it. Maynards voice is capturing, and this cd is great to listen to all the time, its way more mellow then Mer De Noms but still has the a PC feel. I'm a big fan of Tool and i like APC but all you Tool hardcore metal fans may not like the mellowness of Apc but give them a try, and bice versa if you don't like tool you may still like APC. At least listen to some of the songs.<br />Heres a grading of this cd<br />1. The package  9/10 great opening song, about 9 minutes has great bongo drums.<BR>2. Weak And Powerless  10/10 first single which is great has a fast dark feel to it probably one of the harder songs on the album around 4 minutes  <BR>3. The Noose 10/10 BEST VOCALS this song is one of my favorites out of tool and APC maynards vocals are amazing on this track about 6 minutes  <BR>4. Blue  10/10 another great song possibly their second single has almost a pop like feel to it rumored to be sequel to song \\"aenema\\" about 4 minutes <BR>5. Vanishing  8/10 at first i didn't really like this song and it's still not a favorite but its ok now and i don't skip it 5 minutes  <BR>6. A Stranger 9.5/10 this song is great its a pretty slow song that you will enjoy extra when tired 6 minutes       <BR>7. The Outsider 9/10 another hard song for this cd its great and i really like the chorus   6 minutes     <BR>8. Crimes  ? not really a song he just counts like to ten  2 minutes       <BR>9. The Nurse Who Loved Me  9.5/10 a remmake but its origninal and not actually the best song but sounds new so it gets extra points   4 minutes     <BR>10. Pet  10/10 most hard song on the album maybe my most favorite depends on my mood \\"count the bodies like sheep to the rythm of the war drums\\" great chorus buy the album for this song 4 minutes        <BR>11. Lullaby - (what the hell is this?) 2 minutes4/10         <BR>12. Gravity 9.5/10 a great song to end this album kind of slow bout emotional 5 minutes<br />In conclusion this is a Great Cd Definitley a buy, probably one of the top 10 cd's in the last 10 years (in my opinion of course)
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I'm gonna have to give ol' Joss more credit in the future. <br />It was hard enough believing the force behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer could actually appeal to anyone over the age of eighteen, much less accepting the fact that another TV show in space could be good (since the Star Trek rise and ultimate fall). I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised. <br />Whedon has created something unique to television with his wild west meets the far future Firefly, and FOX has shown a special amount of stupidity in cancelling the show. I hear there's a movie, so I'll live. This is a short lived series that, even in its brevity, captures the viewer and sets them firmly in a happily believable world where more often than not the bad guy wins (until they get what's coming to them) and the good guy gets away by actually using what most shows lack... smarts. It's just... damn fun to watch!<br />If the powers that be get it together and put it back in production for a television audience, I won't complain... but for now, this is an excellent set, and  a collection any fan of sci fi, or just good old fashioned gunslinging, will enjoy.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This is Dream Theater turned up to eleven! Of course they can write melodic and thought-provoking music. Just like their past albums. But remember that they are considered a progressive METAL band. That means that they have every right to turn it up if they choose. I have read some of these negative reviews and all I can think is that there are a lot of people living in the past. Images and Words was awesome. So was Awake, 6DOIT and Scenes from A Memory (my all time personal favorite) But each on those albums stood on their own. Even Falling Into Infinity is good on its own. There can only be one IAW. One 6DOIT. One FII. One Awake etc.  When you start expecting new albums to sound like past albums, that's when you set yourself up for disappointment. True fans allow their favorites to express themselves how they want. True you don't have to like it, but you should respect their creative vision and right to do it. Heck, I'm not a fan of the new King's X CD, but I do respect them for trying something different for their fans and most of all, themselves. Remember, the music we listen to is suppose to reflect the artist that performs it. It's an extension of them and how they feel at the time. <br />It is not cool however, to predict the doom of a classic band, especially when they are no where close to the end. So get over yourselves.<br />This album is a brutal onslaught and is 100% Dream Theater. I see all the benefits that have come from all the side projects the members have done becuase there are multiple influences in this CD while at the same time staying true to their own sound they perfected. It annoys me that people compare this CD to GodSmack or even (what the f*** were these people thinking?) Kid Rock. Here's the thing, You can &quot;hear&quot; certain artists on other artists CDs when you are hearing the music and not really listening. People compare one thing to another when they have no clue what they are talking about. That's why you can hear people doing ridiculous comparisons between one artist or another. Hell, I could hear Kid Rock or Godsmack in Celine Dion's music if I concetrated hard enough and did that much crack. My advice, don't listen to this CD as a Godsmack Cd but as a Dream Theater Cd as it was originally intended.<br />Honor Thy Father is the most brutally honest song I have ever heard from Dream Theater as long as I have been a fan of the band. In the Name of God has warranted the praise it has gotten. The album as a whole, is a sonic attack on your senses. Pure Dream Theater and nothing else. <br />If you naysayers think this is too fast, don't listen to Symphony X. <br />All you people who blasted this CD, do yourself a favor, put your comparisons and your highly distorted expectations at the door and listen to this disc as a Dream Theater album. You might see things differently.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King's memoir on writing is effective.  He advises privacy for story-spinning, a public forum for the revision, re-write stage of work.  His upbringing was by some measures meagre, sad, deprived.  Events of his childhood served later as fuel to his writerly imagination.  He resembled his mother in the possession of grit, fortitude.  The family confrontation breaking the cycle of his addiction illness is described forthrightly and humorously.  Stephen King fans, readers curious about his autobiography, and readers interested in becoming writers should all enjoy this book.
B00005QZ7U|4.0|Many people will not even notice the feature on this DVD that, for me, makes it the excellent movie it is.  Just about every theatrical quality of this movie has been reviewed to death, so I'm going to try and avoid that and mention a feature that will make the movie for a small but, to me at least, important group.<br />If you insert this DVD and navigate to the languages menu you'll find a language entitled something like, &quot;audio description for the visually impaired.&quot; If you select this feature and play the DVD you'll notice short spoken descriptions of action, setting, costuming, etc inserted so as not to interfere with the dialog of the movie.<br />If you don't happen to be visually impaired yourself, or if you don't happen to be watching with someone who is, simply don't select this language and your viewing experience will proceed as if this option didn't even exist.<br />With DVD being a media that permits storage of truly astounding quantities of data, there is little, good, reason for movie producers not to include such an audio description on their DVD releases.  Nevertheless, we see the vast majority of DVD releases coming out without this small but exceedingly appreciated accomodation.  Any movie studio that does include this feature on their DVD releases has my vote, especially if the movie provides me good entertainment alongside the rest of my family.  This was a good film, an excellent production and a terrific example of how a movie studio can make a minor accomodation that can provide real benefit!
B00006M183|2.0|Having been a Pearl Jam fan for years, I was disappointed with this CD.  The songs on this CD seem to stray from the style of rock that made Pearl Jam a success.  In addition, I felt it was a little too political.  Pearl Jam should stay with what they do best.
0553296981|5.0|To start off I am 14 now and I read Anne's diary when I was 13. This book is indescribable. It changed my life, and always makes me find the good things in people. It is so inspiring. I really relate to Anne. She was amazing. She is my role model. I feel like I met her and that I really am &quot;Kitty.&quot; To those of you who find the book terrible you deserve to go die in a hole. I cannot even begin to explain the impact that this book has made on me. I love this book more than any other book I have read. Anne was only my age when she wrote this life changing heartbreaking book. She will make you laugh out loud and cry. She displays the horrors of the Holocaust in depth with her personal experience. Anne Frank is my hero(iene). Read this. You won't forget (or regret) it.
B000002A3T|2.0|This stuff pales in comparison to Floyd's work with Roger Waters.<br />It is lyrically and spiritually empty. Perhaps the best number on the album is Cluster One, and it's an atmospheric instrumental piece. <br />Songs like &quot;What Do You Want From Me?&quot; and &quot;Keep Talking&quot; seemed forced and written for the sole purpose of making a quick buck off touring. <br />Stay away and don't buy any Floyd post &quot;Final Cut.&quot;
B000001E7V|5.0|It's been nearly 10 years since the release of &quot;Maxinquaye&quot;, and there have been many pretenders to the throne, but the once and future king is still Tricky. The Pistol from Bristol lays down and dirty deep grooves around the smokey and sultry vocals of Martine. This is electronic music for the mind and body.  &quot;Maxinquaye&quot; is a journey into the heart of darkness. Listen to it and fear it.
0380789019|5.0|First published in 1996, Neverwhere was Neil Gaiman's first foray into adult fiction after a very successful career in comic book literature.  His \\"Sandman\\" series of serial comics is one of the most successful of all time.  Gaiman made the transition from comic book writer and illustrator to novelist with surprising ease, as Neverwhere proved to be a huge commercial and critical success.  Neverwhere is a novel that borrows elements from many different genres, in particular dark fantasy, horror and even children fantasy, most notably Alice in Wonderland.  But Neverwhere is no children's book nor is it a book for readers weened on safe and sound fantasy.  Neverwhere is a very dark novel, a dirty, grimy \\"London Below\\" of murder, torture, genuine horror and truly psychopathic villains.<br />Richard Mayhew is a former Scott who now lives and works in London.  His life is the epitomy of mundane and average.  He lives in a one-bedroom apartment in a decrepit part of the city, works an office job in a little cubicle and is engaged to a nagging high-maintenance woman who he may or may not truly love.  One night on his way to dinner with his fianc&eacute;, he stumbles upon a young girl, unconscious and bleeding on the side of the street.  Richard wants to lend a hand but the girl refuses to be brought to the hospital so he brings her to his apartment instead.  He then learns that the girl, whose name is \\"Door\\", is really from London Below, an underworld of mazes and tunnels.  The next day, Richard finds his entire world thrown upside down.  Nobody notices him anymore; not his fianc&eacute;, nor his co-workers or the office building's security guard, nobody. He can't even manage to flag down a taxi.  It turns out that by helping out Door, Richard has become invisible to London Above (the world he used to be a part of) and his existence now lies solely in London below.  Together with Door, Richard sets on a mission in London Below to find the mystical Angel Islington, who holds the answer as to who murdered Door's family and left her bleeding on the street and who can restore Richard's existence in London above.<br />Gaiman packs his world of London Below with truly fascinating characters, such as a female Rambo of a bodyguard named Hunter, an eccentric cook named Marquis de Carabas, a populace of giant rats and \\"rat-speakers\\" and most fascinatingly, a pair of hitmen by the name of Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandermar who will stop at nothing to get their hands on the little girl \\"Door\\".  Gaiman's writing is fast and fluid, a style I found truly invigorating.  There is a nary a dull moment in this book as Gaiman throws us scene after scene of danger and myriad new characters along the way.  In a way, it is very much the writing style you would expect from a former comic-book writer.  Of course the downside to this is that very little time is spent on character development, as it takes a backseat to the atmosphere that Gaiman is creating.  We don't get much of a glimpse into the minds of the characters as the action unfolds.  But still, I personally prefer a no-nonsense novel of 400 action packed pages than say, a 700 page so-called \\"epic\\" of overwrought material.<br />As fascinating as I found this book to be, I imagine it must be a reel hoot for Londoners to read, especially Londoners familiar with the city's underground transit system.  Gaiman uses real London station names and brings each station to life, such as an Earl who resides in Earl's Court Station and Friars in Blackfriars station.  On top of the fantastical elements, Gaiman also injects numerous societal commentaries into his work, especially on the ever-present class divisions of England.  Social outcasts, freaks and winos may be looked down upon in London Above but in London Below, they finally have a place where they can feel a sense of belonging.  Anyone considering reading this novel should not hesitate any further.  There seems to be no limit to Neil Gaiman's imagination, and Ifound my venture into his world of London Below to be a truly spellbinding experience I will not soon forget.my venture into his world of London Below to be a truly spellbinding experience I will not soon forget.
0393320928|5.0|This book offers a spectrum of insights into professor Feynman's life.  From his personal struggles with his wife's illness early in his life, to his role in the Challenger disaster investigation, we get a more personal view into the man behind the legends.  The anecdotes dealing with his time on the Roger's commission on the Challenger disaster are truly worth reading to get an outsider's inside view on how such inquiries work.  We get particular insight into the work and ideas behind the famous eureka moment demonstrating the O-ring material weakness in cold temperatures.  Feynman is humble in describing the contributions that others provided in formulating his ideas during this investigation.<BR>  Clearly a gem worth reading whether or not you're familiar with the eariler book, &quot;Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!&quot;
B0000C0FJB|4.0|If you already have different stages, pass this one up but do buy the dvd. The music is the same as on the dvd. You hear alot of the crowd noise. I think when Rush decided to record in Rio I don't think they realized how big they were there. They were welcomed as if they were the Beatles.
B0000C0FJB|1.0|The audio mix on this CD makes it difficult to enjoy.<br />The Rush signatures of strong vocals and clean bass lines are missing from this CD.<br />The mix on the vocals is much lower volume than the original records so it sounds like they were picked up by a mic in the drum set and the bass lines are dulled.<br />The constant crowd noise is irritating.<br />The one good thing is that the drum mix is rather good when you can hear it over the crowd noise and Neil Pert is more precise than a drum machine.<br />This CD may sound better on a premium sound system with very fine controls.
B00007KWHN|5.0|Nobody really knows how the magic came about with this record. It could've been Steve Howe's entry into the band. It could've been the extra hard work that they put into the album. Anyway, this is the first of many great Yes records and the first with the trademark Yes feel to it. This album was their first tap into the mainstream. It's also one of their most accessible album out of their classics. Although Fragile made them known across the world, this is where it all began. This album and Fragile are both excellent starting places for the new fan.
B0000C9ZLD|1.0|Anybody else notice all the media hype surrounding the Strokes? I was fooled into buying this CD because I read an interview about the Strokes and thought, &quot;hmmm, those guys seem pretty cool.&quot; All the magazines will definetely talk about the Strokes. They'll talk about Julian, the New York music scene, the smurfs, and how cool the Strokes supposedly are. They'll talk about everything, it seems, except the music. If you buy the CD, and listen to every song on it, you'll see why. Unlike a band that cares about their music, it seems like the Strokes are more concerned with their image than anything else, because the music is pretty unextraordinary. Ever wonder why it's been so long and the Strokes have only released one single, &quot;12:51&quot;? To answer that question: Because if there was anything else remotely good on this CD, trust me, you would be hearing it play on the radio. Unfortunately, there is not. Some songs try to be good, and almost, almost get there, but they are definetely not. If you are into the whole image behind all these &quot;cool&quot; new rock bands, then this is the CD for you, to increase your supposed hipster appeal. If, however, you are into the MUSIC, like me, then let me give you an unbiased warning from a person who bought this CD hoping for a &quot;full&quot; CD as good as 12:51 : save your hard-earned money. It is obvious that the Strokes are not true musicians, only fans. This CD blows.
B00005QG9J|4.0|I believe that the reason I first started listening to Incubus is because I like to imitate their guitarist, but as I heard the CD more and more, I learned that the lyrics to are very poetic, something you don't hear much nowadays. Like in Under My Umbrella, I was utterly blown away by the power in those lyrics. <BR>And the other aspects of the music are very good, like the guitar, numerous trills and fast paced strumming, purely Incubus.<br />It's classified as Rock but, I have to admit, sometimes their songs sound a little too much like Pop(e.g. Aqeous Transmission), but hey thats my opinion. <br />The only thing that kept me from giving this CD a 5 is that they seemed to have kept to the rock genre more in this album than in Make Yourself and there just isn't that diversity of music that they had.<BR>If you like Rock, great guitar and powerfull lyrics, pick up this album right away, it won't dissapoint.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|To my knowledge, possibly the greatest injustice in TV history was the handling of Firefly, the finest Sci-Fi series ever produced, bar none. Having carefully developed a large ensemble cast of incredibly strong characters with colourful yet secretive pasts, using witty &amp; sharp dialogue and gripping storylines, as well as excellent and realistic sets, special effects and costumes, the show was canned just as it was promising so much. <br />For those of us across the Atlantic, it was hard to imagine when this series reached our shores, how it had been cancelled Stateside, without even all the episodes being aired. A western in space, surely this should have gone down a storm! Fortunately on our side of the pond, we did get all the episodes screened and were quite bemused how shows like Andromeda or Farscape could survive so long, while a show of this calibre, couldn't get picked up beyond half a season. Word has filtered through and apparently despite Joss Whedon's track record of success with Buffy and Angel, Fox decided to screen the series with no promotion, in a Friday nite death slot, up against the baseball. Surprise, surprise ratings weren't exactly great. If I was American I'd never even have heard of this show (I'd have been watching the sport).<br />Anyway thank God for the DVD release and excellently done it is too. Great commentaries and bonus material on top of the fact that this is a show you can just watch again and again, make this DVD excellent value for money. The only problem with this DVD is that having watched it and enjoyed it so much, you are left with an unfinished masterpiece. The thought that all the questions that this now cancelled series posed may never be answered, is rather depressing. Here's hoping Joss' plans for a movie or encouraging DVD sales are enough to resurrect Firefly.<br />Fair dues to you Americans, you sure do know how to put together top quality entertainment. Pity this one, which should of been a flagship example, got canned at infancy.<br />BTW, to those who recommended Farscape over Firefly is tantamount to recommending Denis Leary as a better stand up comedian than Bill Hicks, no disrespect it's a fine show but we're talking different leagues here.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I cannot tell you enough how much I LOVE THIS BAND. I don't think they've made a song I don't like. This album is very awesome (in fact, as I write this I'm listening to it right now!). No doubt that my favourite song on the album is the catchy &quot;Zwitter&quot;, but I think all of the songs are amazing. The first track, Mein Herz Brennt has amazing orcestra, the following tracks are very heart felt and I find them absolutely mesmorizing. I cannot recommend thier music enough. If you love Metallica, In Flames, or any other hard band you'll probably really enjoy Rammstein as much as I do :D <br />I've learned all my german from this wonderful band ;)
0671027344|4.0|My friend bought me this book for Christmas.  I'd never heard of it, but she said it was really good, and that it made her want to listen to Dashboard Confessional.<BR>My first impression wasn't too good.  A grossly naive teen writing letters to someone... sounded like an Adrian Mole knock-off or something.  Then there are a lot of depressing, messed up things that go on in this book, pretty much every problem you can name:  suicide, homosexuality, mental illness, teen pregnancy, etc.<BR>However, I did appreciate this book.  Chbosky shows originality, despite all the borrowed themes.  The Perks... takes place in the early 90s, for one thing, which immediately reminded me of the movie Reality Bites.  Charlie, the main character was questionable at first, but is an honest, highly developed character.  <BR>The Perks... is an easy read, but anyone can read this book a million times and enjoy it.  I would NOT compare it to Dashboard Confessional, I think their work is a tad bit different from Chbosky's.  The Smiths might be more appropriate (Charlie's favorite song is &quot;Asleep&quot; by The Smiths), or perhaps some titles by The Cure.
B000005J56|5.0|Cuban music had its heyday in the years before I was born, so I have no nostalgic memories of the days of mambo and cubano.  So I suppose I come to this recording relatively free of bias.<br />What you have here is compulsive listening.  The music is a very special blend of highly complex latino/african rythyms mixed with flamenco style spanish vocals.  These are then fleshed out with instrumentals which, while individually are each simple repetitive riffs, come together in a complex interweaving of harmonies.  The end product is smooth as velvet but charged with energy and passion.  And it makes you want to dance!<br />It is pure serendipity that had Cooder chance upon these musicians and capture them before they were lost forever.<br />The music covers a range of styles from peasant style Son music through what I call &quot;Las Vegas Cardroom Mambo&quot; (salon music) and up to some pretty sharp Jazz, especially on the piano.  All of it is hot and all of it is great.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is the most entertaining movies. The best acting. The fighting was OK. It looked like the mixed up a bunch of shots to make it look intense. I couldn't tell who this was or where this happened or where the people dying were because of this. Sometimes you couldn't tell who was winning. Very sad and Dramatic. The best story you could think of and it was successfully put into a movie. The places they are in look amazing and it feels like it really is acient rome. Russel Crowes best movie. Best music in a movie too.
B00004SVID|4.0|You should buy this as a compliment to the studio version, surely not as a replacement. Is There Anybody Out There is good, afterall it's The Wall, however in my opinion the stuido version is much better and should be bought over this.<br />being live adds a nice twist, but really isn't anything all that great... but maybe it might grow on me?<br />maybe?
B000069HK2|5.0|I bought this album a year ago and still continue to listen to it. Bert McCracken's uninhibited and emotionally charged vocals are just short of genious, the lyrics are poetic and real/true-to-life considering what this band has been through. Each song is a masterpiece in it's own right. I love this band. They're also great to see live. Whether you label them punk, alternative, or emo, it's undeniable that the music is great. Buy the album!
B00006FDCJ|5.0|Probably one of the coolest westerns to date is still one of the finest ever made. I really don't seem to follow some of those older westerns. The ones where 2 people duel over the revenge of someone. Anyways, this movie is entertaining and pretty well done.<br />Clint Eastwood is pretty cool. At the beginning he doesn't get to do much, but later he gets to shoot some guys. Gene Hackman isn't too bad of a guy, and he does a great job of being vengeful yet calm. Morgan Freeman does a great job of backing Clint up, but Clint Eastwood is still the star. Also, English Bob was a great character, but he was mostly there to show you what Gene Hackman(Dagget) is really like.<br />As for the movie itself? You can look up the synopsis anywhere, but the movie is great. It keeps you there with great visuals and great acting/characters.
0671799320|5.0|The engines of the modern world run on hydrocarbons, and especially on oil & gas.  and The Prize is an excellent, accessible history of the oil & gas industry, the impact it has had on world history and politics, and the corresponding impact of world events back on the industry itself.<br />Oil fields are a wasting asset -- once found, they require capital for development, and once developed they become depleted.  Yergin shows that the industry's story is largely a matter of finding balance -- (1) the balance between the ongoing need to find new sources, the depletion of those sources, and the need to find and hold market share, and (2) the balance between the countries that own resources, the companies that develop those resources and the consumers of oil and gas.<br />Although this is not a very recent book, it explains the principlpes that underlie the dynamics of the oil industry.  The reader comes away with an understanding of both yesterday's and today's oil-related geopolitics and economics.  Explaining that complex linkage is quite an accomplishment, and explaining it so well and in so readable a manner justifies the high praise this book has won for nearly a generation.<br />Yergin does a very good job of explaining the pre-World Way I and II strategic issues revolving around the availablity and security of oil supplies, and oil-related postwar political issues.  It's a particularly interesting book in light of the recent declassification of British documents from 1973 indicating that the US was considering seizure of mideast oilfields during the 1973 Arab oil embargo.  If you want to understand the history and economics of a powerful industry and its impact on global economics and geopolitics, read The Prize.
6305971099|3.0|this is probabley the only halloween im not keen on but i give it 3 stars and i also think that this is better than any of the nightmare on elm streets friday 13ths or hellraisers.little jamie lloyd is now in a home and now has telapathic bonds with her uncle -michael myers!! so dr loomis -michaels phsychiatrist can track him down.1 year after the 4th instalment and michael is again back not as good this time if you want to se better of him watch 1,2 h20 or resurrection they are top this is not dissapointing its good horror its what ud expect of a horror and it does make you jump and is worth watching.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Finally a TV show that doesn't assume the viewers are morons! This is the first time since Kubric's 2001 that has no sound in space.
0553274503|2.0|When I first heard on Flowers for Algernon I thought it would be a great book that would make me cry.  I was wrong.  The book was good at the begging.  It really made me feel sorry for the young Charlie.  As I kept reading the book I realized that all Charlie thinks about is physical relationships.  It would have been fine if just a few pages involved this, but that was what the whole book was about.<BR>     All in all, not a good book.
6305291446|5.0|h20 is better than all of them except for halloween resurrection!<BR>laurie strode(jamie lee curtis)<BR> is still struglling from the horrific 20 year old memories of evil brother michael myers.now has a son john(josh harnett) of her own and is head teacher of a californian school laurie quikley lurns that michael is still alive.it takes laurie about 40 minutes to get into gear and confront evilwith an ending that was good will laurie be able to live michael myers free forever?<BR>this was my favourite halloween but now the latestr is halloween resurrection totally rocks
B00008DDXC|5.0|okay lets start off with this movie is way better than the original hard to think i know but this is true it has more tense and interesting scens it is so interresting you wish it would go on and on   its definitly a must see
B0000DIXN7|5.0|Upon listening to my copy of \\"Frank\\", several of my friends have made comparisons of Amy Winehouse's debut to other artists from Lauryn Hill & Erykah Badu to Billie Holiday & Josephine Baker. Sure, I can see where such comparisons are birthed, but Amy's first project is solidly unique.<br />A monotoned, jazzed-up voice syrups over cuts like \\"Stronger Than Me\\" & \\"Know You Now\\", while range & depth pervade \\"Take The Box\\" & \\"Love Is Blind\\". The music itself is eclectic: the reggae-tinged turn of her cover of \\"Moody's Mood For Love\\" & the hip-hop inspired \\"In My Bed\\" provide variety among the generally subdued tone of the album. But, for me, the ace in the hole is Amy's lyrics. She implements a slew of literary devices throughout, prompting multiple listens to catch all of the latent references.<br />An accomplished player, a strong vocalist, and an inspired writer: Amy Winehouse is in a class by herself - who cares if she is a bit boy-crazy?? Most 19-year-old girls are...
6305627347|5.0|The kid was saying that the makers of the Terrance and Phillip movie are canadian, not Trey Parker and Matt Stone. As for spoiling anything, the Kenny part is not that big of a deal. Hope you did not lose too much sleep over it.
B000000XB9|5.0|I love this album. Its a perfect way to get started listening to CCR. The best songs are, well all of them. Features almost all the the chart toppers, the ones that arnt are on #2. If you have a chance, buy this album!!!!
B0000CAQ27|4.0|I'm impressed with the evolution of Pink: the R&amp;B-ish &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; got me interested in her, the more rocked-out, self-consciousness of &quot;Misundaztood&quot; made me a fan, and now with &quot;Try This&quot;, Alicia just became the millenium's superwoman of music.<br />With this new project, she's proven that she can sing over just about any track and breathe her own flavor into it. Although &quot;Try This&quot; is the hardest, punkest Pink thus far, she's able to retain mainstream relatability with the aid of fresh hooks. The heavy rock of &quot;Trouble&quot;, &quot;Try To Hard&quot; &amp; &quot;Last To Know&quot; knocks you over the head like a blunt object. But after you pick yourself up from the ground, you realize the reverence that Pink shows to 60s Mowntown harmonies in the changes of these songs won't allow this project to be simply classified as &quot;rock&quot; or &quot;punk&quot;; there's also the drum &amp; bass of the vituperative bonus track &quot;Hooker&quot; (which seems to be latently directed at foe X-tina) and the soft porn of &quot;Oh My God&quot;.<br />Though the project's majority is comprised of the teeth-gritting rage found in these songs, she also shares a wailing vulnerability in rock ballad-ish joints like &quot;Catch Me While I'm Sleeping&quot;, &quot;Love Song&quot;, &amp; especially &quot;Waiting For Love&quot;.<br />There's so much soul to this rock that it seems almost genre-creating; you almost forget that Janis Joplin did the same thing 30 years prior.
0345350499|5.0|After reading The Once and Future King, I was terribly excited to read this book knowing it would expand on the Arthur tale. The characters are so well developed and pull you into the book, which is something I admire. Bradley has an uncanny way of sucking you in. Once you pick up this book, it's hard to put it down. The writing is superb.<BR>Bradley changes a few things about the Arthur legend, but the changes give the legend a more &quot;real&quot; sense and were cleverly done. The detail and research she did was intriguing.<BR>This book is much more real than TOFK. Not that the older book is bad, but Bradley works her magic and makes her characters more understandable and their actions can be better justified.<BR>It's a GREAT book. If you want to dive deeper into the Arthur legend pick up this book. It will certainly open your eyes to new ideas about the once and future king and the women behind him.
B00004RJ71|3.0|I was skeptical before watching this movie, I wasn't expecting good acting and drama in a movie about gangs in prison. The story of 3 young Mexican/ American growing up in the streets of LA. Each one representing the different choices that many of us take in life. <br />So we see ourselves utilize our god given gifts to make an honest living. And at the same time to resist and battle the temptations of drugs in Cruz, the artist. To channel our rebellion and energy to push us past what it seems like a dead end street, in Paco the Cop. Or \\"go with the flow' and be part of a self-destructive life by associating ourselves with the wrong crowd in Miklo. <br />While Benjamin Bratt and Jesse Borrego offer a very strong and believable performance, I found some of the slang way over done to the point that it becomes laughable and corny. <br />The story has it's moments. One in particular between Paco and Cruz that is so intense, dramatic and real that it made a knot in my throat.<br />If you get past the corny gang slang, you will find this movie intense and dramatic.
B00005JKC3|1.0|Before the people who liked this movie criticize me, I would like to point out that I understand the film and what they were trying to do. Now I can move on.<br />Someone must have intentionally tried to make this a bad movie. I don't understand how else you could take this incredible cast, insanely large budget, award-winning action and drama director, and a largely franchised character retelling the classic story of Dr. Jeckell and Mr. Hyde, and flush it into the toilet on such a horrible waste of time?<br />The CGI, beyond looking fake, used the cheapest trick to hide their own faults: everything happened at night! Only one or two really good fights scenes were filmed in daylight, and those were the ones prepared for the trailer. <br />The acting was wooden and yawn inspiring. Connelly is a good actress, and here she is reduced to staring wide eyed in a display of insipidness. Nolte is his typical, big monologue delivering self.<br />The writers destroyed a story that was perfectly good to begin with, by writing something other than a hulk movie. The tried to write a drama, or a psych exam, or some other garbage. I can't tell for certain, since they obviously failed at their task of getting whatever misguided message across that they were wasting their time on. Themes of father abandonment, and legacy were bandied about. Interesting for a movie where the original story never really featured much of a father figure, considering he was written as dead before the series began. Also, since this movie was so deadly serious all the time, let me point out two words from one of the many fight scenes at night: Mutant Poodle. <br />Cinematography? No savior there either. Those cute tricks with split screens and jagged frames were as annoying to watch as I am sure they were annoying to shoot and edit.<br />You can simulate this movie at home. All you need is a picture of Jennifer Connelly (face only), and an audiobook read by Nolte. Then sit in a chair, staring at the picture while playing the audiobook. Every 2 minutes place the picture at a jarring angle. Every 25 minutes, turn off the lights and grunt a lot for 5 minutes. Then resume staring at the picture, while listening to the Nolte tape. This is a PERFECT recreation of the film. Just follow those steps for 3 hours.<br />I wish Ang Lee had just come to my house, turned out the lights, kicked me in the groin, and took twenty bucks outta my wallet. Would of been less painful then what he put me through with this film.<br />P.S. For those of you saying the only people complaining are whining because this wasn't an action flick, I say YES we are. It was marketed as an action flick! I don't remember Tom Hanks throwing a tank in the previews for Philadelphia! Just because you like what they showed to you instead of the promised movie, don't belittle those of us who did not get what we paid for.
B00009RDGA|4.0|Paper Moon is one of those great old Hollywood type films. It has that charm that we seldom find nowadays. It's just fun and simple and makes you laugh. The film is also absolutely stunning visually. It's unbelievable how perfectly Tatum O'Neil is for this part. She's cute, funny and street smart and does an unbelievable job for a 10 year old. The title also has a famous story about how Orson Wells notoriously said &quot;that title is so good you could just release the title without the movie.&quot; It worth seeing by those who love that old Hollywood charm and those who just want a good fun lite film.
0689835604|5.0|My son got this as a first birthday present.  We read it over and over every day.  He already knew a few of his body parts, but this has helped him learn more.  He likes to point to the different items on each page too (wagon, ball, etc.)  As mentioned in other reviews, the flaps are not as sturdy as the cardboard pages.  A little tape is all it takes to fix that though!  Overall, this is an excellent book for babies and toddlers!
B000066NW0|4.0|I first heard Avril's debut hit \\"Complicated\\" when it was just beginning to get airplay and liked it then. After hearing it and \\"Sk8er Boi\\" countless times, however, they've lost their appeal for me almost entirely. What really made me want to buy this disc was the ballad \\"I'm With You.\\" It's true that Avril is not the best singer (I agree with the reviewer who said she doesn't sound good live), but on this beautiful song and on the slightly faster number \\"Things I'll Never Say\\", her voice is clear and lovely. But when she sings on heavier tracks such as \\"Losing Grip\\", she tends to get pretty whiny and annoying. Though no song is horrible, Avril should work on controlling her voice for her sophomore effort.<BR>(If you would like to leave more detailed feedback on this review, please click on the \\"See more about me\\" link, and look for the URL to my website.)
B00006690G|5.0|We have all listened to Emimen grow up on his albums. Each one seems to get better and better  has he makes them. This album is off the hook. <BR>My favorite song is probably No. 14 Hailie's Song. He is singing but  listen to the lyrics it is great. The last number is funny.. It is just a skit. Without Me, was good to but it got old real quick. So i recommend anyone who is a rap fan to buy this. It needs to be in the collection. It's Marshal Mathers at his best. Hopefully he will make even better albums. If thats possible. Peace
B000089RVR|5.0|I have been a Dido fan for almost four years, and, no matter how much I listen to her music, she never fails to astound me. Her lyrics are stark and simple and profound, and her voice unique and shockingly original. It is almost impossible to find someone who truly hates her- what's to hate? Or more importantly, what's not to love? &quot;No Angel&quot; was a musical milestone, and I was half-dreading this release- how could it top &quot;No Angel&quot;? But I decided that if it was even a quarter as good as her debut, I would be satisfied.<br />It is at least as good as &quot;No Angel.&quot; I thought there could be no equal to songs like &quot;Thankyou,&quot; &quot;My Lover's Gone,&quot; and &quot;Isobel.&quot; But there are! <br />WHITE FLAG: the first single is a great open to the set and sets the mood for the rest of the album. It's a bit overplayed, but with all the cruddy music out there these days, too much of a good thing isn't so bad! .... &quot;I know I left too much mess and destruction to come back again...&quot; 9/10<br />STONED: a trip-hop song that's come to be one of my favorites on the album. Its confessional lyrics are bit uncharacteristic, but any risk that Dido takes is sure to be a good one. A truly addictive song, no pun intended! .... &quot;I think I'll explode if I can't feel this freely now...&quot; 10/10<br />LIFE FOR RENT: The title track is beautiful and wistful, and Dido sings about how nothing she owns is truly hers. It is heartbreaking and profoundly touching, and a true masterpiece. .... &quot;My heart is a shield and I won't let it down...&quot; 10/10<br />MARY'S IN INDIA: The &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; of this album, this is an atmospheric and melancholy song that really tells a story... &quot;See the things I'll probably never get a chance to see...&quot; 10/10<br />SEE YOU WHEN YOU'RE 40: a touching ballad about realizing that the love of your life isn't always the person you thought they were... &quot;You think misery will make you stand out from the crowd...&quot; 9/10<br />DON'T LEAVE HOME: A sweet and very beautifully written song about a woman's devotion. One of the album's catchiest and most moving songs.... &quot;If you're cold, I'll keep you warm...&quot; 10/10<br />WHO MAKES YOU FEEL: This trancelike song is almost creepy, and Dido's voice really shines... &quot;I don't mind if you come home late/ I just assume that if there's a problem you would tell me....&quot; 8/10<br />SAND IN MY SHOES: This is right up there with &quot;Thankyou&quot; as Dido's best song ever. It is difficult to put into words how much I love this song about a woman who is thinking about the love she found while on vacation.... &quot;I'm home now, and things still look the same....&quot;10,000,000/10 !!!<br />DO YOU HAVE A LITTLE TIME: A song that warns listeners about the toll a fast-paced lifestyle can take on you. It's very sad to hear Dido singing about how she is being ignored... &quot;Why do you run when you could walk with me?&quot;... 10/10<br />THIS LAND IS MINE: Reminiscent of &quot;Hunter,&quot; this is standout track that features some of the album's most beautiful lyrics. Classic Dido.... &quot;From behind this wall I hear your song/ oh sweet words....&quot;<br />SEE THE SUN: The album's only song written soley by Dido, it's a beatiful, tear-soaked ballad about  a woman comforting a friend who has lost a loved one buy promising him that he will indeed &quot;see the sun&quot; again one day. A perfect end to the album... &quot;Wear anything, as long as it's not black...&quot;<br />My favorites: <BR>SAND IN MY SHOES<BR>STONED<BR>DON'T LEAVE HOME<BR>MARY'S IN INDIA<BR>LIFE FOR RENT<br />This is a truly wonderful CD and would make a great addition to any music collection. <br />********
0385504209|5.0|If you dont mind missing sleep and meals then read this book because you wont be able to put it down! Very exciting a little confusing at first but it is a very good book and i would recemend it to everyone who likes a good read!
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|1st off, why is everyone comparing them to the Ramones and the sex pistols all the time?? and especially (*chuckling to self*) the Stooges? the strokes are not in that vicenity, yet.<br />What this album shows (I've never listenied to 'is this it') is that they have potential. They aren't doing anything particullarly original and a lot of people are saying they are \\"exploiting their influences\\" which may be true but there are some key songs on 'Room on Fire'. For those people who will buy an album for a few great songs, and a few more mediocre songs, this ones it. I bought it just after seeing the video 12:51 once on MTV2 not because i thought it was amazing but for the way Julian sullenly sings his way through his hazy memory, the we-have-a-better-night-than-you-everynight-even-better-than-your-best-friday lyrics, and the melodies and rythym which when don't backfire (I.E. 'meet me in the bathroom') make The Strokes (so sue me!) irresistable. <br />I would buy this album just for song number 8 'Under control'. It is so melodic and everything works. Every piece of the strokes that sound good seperatly in other songs find eachother in this song. The lyrics are pretty damn nice sung by that voice which in this song goes through many changes not just sung by some hungover person. \\"I don't wanna change your mind, I don't wanna change the world, I just wanna watch it go by, I just wanna watch you go by\\"<br />The opening line is worth even borrowing the cd from a friend alone for the way Casablancas shouts \\"I wanna be forgotten, and I don't wanna be reminded. you say please don't make this harder, no I won't yet\\". <br />People say that Julian Casablancas is a crap singer but singing isn't always sounding like Mariah Carey or whoever, but it's in the emotion put behind the voice which Julian covets very well. Fab's drumming is so on it sounds like a drum machine, and the guitars compliment things nicely when not trying to sound like rip-offs of whomever. bottom line, thisisn't amazing (cept for song 8) But the whole album definately deserves a listen and maybe a place somewhere in your cd collection (if your in to them). The potential is there and paraprasing what another revewier said, they better bring it, bring it ALL next time.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|Actually I am a fan of \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" and \\"Blade\\".  Before I watched this movie, I have a concrete impression about vampires in my mind.  I never think that vampires are the weak minority and they can be killed by werewolves, but not some kind of superheros.<br />This movie gives me a whole new image about vampires and their rival, werewolves.  Most of the time, vampires are villains and now they are the good guys.  The plot I like the most is the character, \\"Lucian\\" is not as bad as I think at the end of the movie.  He wants to fight back vampires because of revenge.<br />Kate Beckinsale is so cool in this movie, especially after watching her in \\"Pearl Harbour\\".  I can¡¦t imagine she can play this character that well.<br />Last but not the least, it¡¦s a really good movie about vamps and werewolves even lots of people complained that this movie is a blend of \\"Matrix/Crow/Blade\\".  Sometimes \\"blending\\" can make good movies.
B00006IUL7|4.0|Imagine if Robin Williams could subside his overzealous attempts at being the funniest person of all time (which obviously wasn't working) and actually took on a more serious role.  Come to find out that he can actually be a great actor!  It's true, Williams drops all the corniness to team up with Al Pacino and Hilary Swank to achieve Christopher Nolan's brilliant follow-up to Memento with this thrilling drama that takes place in Nightmute, Alaska.  Two L.A. detectives are brought into this quaint little town to investigate the murder of a local teen.  Chaos ensues after a philosophically taxing event happens to chief detective Will Dormer (played by Pacino).  It's quite entertaining all the way up to the very end that will have you chewing on your fingernails without even knowing it.  Spectacular acting by Pacino, Williams, and Swank mixed with Nolan's fantastic directing sytle prove this film to be a great one.<br />Also see \\"One Hour Photo\\" for another role that thwarts the \\"corniest guy of the 90s\\" type-cast for Williams.
B00008BXJF|4.0|I am a King Crimson and prog-rock newbie through and through. I guess it was semi-natural to come to this point in my music listening seeing as I grew up on 70s rock and metal and have been a musician since the age of 12. Regardless, I would never claim to be a prog-rock genius but as with any kid finding a new hobby, I'm like said kid in a candy store constantly discovering new bands of the metal/stoner/prog genres and they don't come much bigger in the progressive arena than King Crimson.<br />Initially, I was introduced to King Crimson via their most recognizable track &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot; and was immediately floored by it's technicality and heaviness for it's time. Even for coming out in an era where musical experimentation was applauded in the rock world, King Crimson stood out like a sore thumb and that soreness has  continued on into 2003's &quot;The Power To Believe&quot; album.<br />The opening track is a short acappella piece that segues into the awesome &quot;Level Five&quot; that leads me to believe that a good number of death metal bands were more than a little bit influenced by King Crimson. &quot;Eyes Wide Open&quot; is a much mellower and soothing track that gives the listener the feel of endless space and calm. The whole of the album from here is a blend of electronics and variations of &quot;The Power To Believe&quot; that is split into four separate versions. The remainder is made up of the electronic laden &quot;Facts Of Life&quot; and the album highlight &quot;Happy With What You Have To Be Happy With&quot; that has one of the most memorable and eventful choruses in modern rock music.<br />&quot;The Power To Believe&quot; is as interesting and unconventional as one would expect from almost any progressive rock band. King Crimson, in 2003, crafted an album that bands like NIN only dreamt of making while maintaining their heavy rock roots. Much like I think it did then, the world needs a band like King Crimson now more than ever and hopefully, more albums like &quot;The Power To Believe&quot; will come down the pike.and hopefully, more albums like &quot;The Power To Believe&quot; will come down the pike.
B00003CWL6|5.0|In my opinion, American Beauty is one of the greatest films ever made.  It's got everything...great acting, a terrific plot (some say it's contrived, but I say that's ridiculous), fantastic cinematography, and fabulous symbolisms throughout.  Kevin Spacey turns in his best performance yet (in my opinion) as Lester, the \\"middle aged, can't stand my boring corporate job, there's got to be more to life than this, my wife is a money-grubbing freak\\" man that will try anything to break free from his monotonous lifestyle.  The movie functions around the phrase \\"Look Closer.\\"  In fact a sign with that phrase is posted on Lester's cubicle wall at work.  The premise behind this phrase is that from the outside, everyone appears to be normal, but it's not until you see life from a much closer point of view when you find that everyone has their own quirks and idiosyncratic shortcomings that make life out to be very challenging.    <br />There are so many memorable quotes from this film.  These quotes will stick in your head for days and you will crave a second and even third viewing of this movie.  Sam Mendes' big screen directing debut is nothing short of phenomenal and judging by \\"Road to Perdition\\", his future work will no doubt be great.
B0000TB01Y|4.0|I'm so torn. I read the book aeons ago, back in '97/'98. And loved it. LOVED it. I just skipped through to read my favorite parts and was amazed at how this novel really made me question the nature of &quot;evil&quot; or if anyone really ever &quot;is&quot; Wicked. So when the movie version didn't go through, I was a little saddened - when news came of a musical I was a little stumped. A *musical* of a dark, moving character with so many layers to her you'd need an elevator to get them all - I was suprised. So I got tickets - amazing third row center seats - and I LOVE the musical. But it's not a musical version of the book. Not by a long shot. A loose LOOSE adaptation. The music is great - I don't see a problem with it. The best songs, in my opinion, being &quot;No One Mourns The Wicked,&quot; &quot;The Wizard and I,&quot; &quot;What Is This Feeling,&quot; &quot;Popular,&quot; &quot;Defying Gravity,&quot; &quot;Thank Goodness,&quot; &quot;No Good Deed,&quot; &quot;For Good.&quot; These songs are, if you have to listen to anything from this show, are the songs that really highlight and showcase the talent but explain the show for you. The ending of the musical is unforgivable. Completely unforgivable. I know I and at least eighty other people moved quite jerkedly in our seats when the ending was thrown at us. Complete garbage. It destroys everything the show builds and completely betrays Elphaba's character and destroys contuinity with the novel it is tied in with.<br />Oh, and by the way - did Winnie Holzman ever READ L. Frank Baum's novel &quot;The Wonderful Wizard of Oz&quot; - does she not know Boq is a mentioned character in the novel who shelters Dorothy on her way to Oz? Maguire respected this in his book without destroying Boq's purpose - but what Holzman negates this musical from being associated with either novel (Baum's or Maguire's).
B00008S2VG|4.0|the first 2 singles were BAD! the rest of the album is fab though! mad management!! bad company!
B0000DD7LC|2.0|I thought this CD would be great after reading these reviews, but it's just your standard run-of-the-mill stuff.  Nothing great.  Her voice sounds strained on some songs, and her piano playing is very, very basic for such an &quot;accomplished&quot; musician.  I can't say I understand the hype here. <br />Many of these songs sound like a reworking of her previous tunes.  I'm going to either exchange this CD or get a refund.
0385504209|3.0|...because Brown ends chapters in the middle, without rhyme or reason.<br />It's a chick book. No...a guilt-ridden Catholic girl chick book.<br />Brown knows his stuff. The factoids are very interesting, but he front-loads the book with them. It's entertaining and full of rich detail for the first half. But, if  you haven't figured out the plot's direction by then, you haven't been paying attention.<br />A good book for the beach for those with  lowered expectations who have  been drinking.<br />Can't wait for the movie (sic).
B000069HKH|4.0|...spoil your enjoyment. Simply put, this album was meant to be played on a six-string. Listen and you'll see. All of the tunes have a \\"Springsteen\\" feel. There are well-crafted, moving lyrics joined with sweet, toe-tapping melodies. The knockabout syllables that characterize his early (late 70's/early 80's) work are still there. One can't help but imagine Bruce and his guitar laying these songs on the studio guys. I don't know why they didn't get it. These songs should have been released as as simple, unaccompanied tunes (so much for music industry executive imagination, maybe) but songs like \\"Waitin' On A Sunny Day\\" and \\"You're Missing\\" still sing pure and clean despite the excessive vocals and instrumentation. \\"The River\\" and \\"Nebraska\\" are wonderful narrative songs, and so are most of the songs on this album. They just don't know it yet. Look for a un-plugged or live version. Still an A+ collection, so don't be afraid.
B00008YLV2|4.0|What is on this edition that was not on the original release has little to do with production of the film, but the event itself. In my opinion, you don't need the new edition if you aren't terribly interested in an in-depth study on the raid itself.<br />The film is something of a mixed bag, and although I find it to be harrowing and good, I can easily imagine my negative review for the film.<br />The character developement is cliched and cursory. It doesn't, however, develop over-sentimentality like WE WERE SOLDIERS. Once the guys get in their army gear and all dirty and bloody, it can be difficult to identify them. When the film is nearing the end, we look at some of the characters and say, &quot;Oh, that guy lived.&quot;<br />  Complaints have been made about the film's portrayal of the expendability of the Mogadishu civialians. I find some truth in that, but given the perspective and time contraints of the filmmaking world, I think director Ridley Scott did an admirable job of trying to squeeze in sympathy for the &quot;enemy&quot;<br />  It's harrowing, though. Once the battle ensues, I forgave the shortcomings and was pulled into all the gritty action. It was coherent and loud and &quot;exciting.&quot; Unlike soooo many recent action movies... this one isn't THAT long. Hans Zimmer's score adds  etheral and harsh elements to the mix. If you can forgive the shallowness of the characters and aren't going to disssect the films military accuracies (the feet on the rope, for example), this film is pretty good, or at the very least, worth seeing
B0000VCZK2|4.0|Ditto about all the good stuff that others have written about the set; picture and sound are superb, and it gives one a whole new perspective on ALIEN 3.  But.....that glitch on the first disc is no illusion.  It occurs at 1:09:58 on the Director's cut of ALIEN, and a few seconds before that on the theatrical release....in the middle of Skerrit's speech about blowing the creature out the airshaft.  Then, after a frame freeze (during which the DVD counter continues to advance!), it skips back to the beginning of the chapter.  When it plays through the moment again, it skips to a different place.  Eventually you have to jump the section entirely.<BR>But here's the interesting part.  It only does this on my Sony machine (usually the best of my 3).  It does NOT skip or freeze on a rather cheapo RCA combo DVD/VCR, NOR on the DVD drive of my PC; so it's rather hard to justify a return or exchange from the retailer.<BR>2 questions:  Does anyone out there know a way to contact Fox's Quality Control/Consumer Info department with this?  (Unlike Sony, they don't offer a toll-free # on their products.)  And...do any DVD player experts out there happen to know what causes this to happen on some machines with this particular disc, but not on others?  It's a bit maddening....
B00006879E|5.0|If you're looking for something a little different and you like deep and funky bass guitars and hooky lyrics delivered with a Dave-Matthew's Band-like panache, this is definitely worth a listen.  <br />I haven't replayed a CD this many times for years.  It is fresh and edgy without being over the top.  If this CD were a drink, it would be the best Bloody Mary you've ever tasted, with some spice in it that you couldn't quite place.   &quot;Hit me again with that.  That was great...&quot;   <br />Another CD you might listen to if you like the deep funky bass licks is Keziah Jones.  His lyrics tend to be indecipherable though.
B0000C9ZSV|4.0|I did not expect much from this cd, when I received it.  But I was very pleased with it after listening to it.  It is one of his best/if not his best cds out there.  I recommend it to any fan.  You will not be disappointed!
B00013F35I|2.0|Springsteen Live in Barcelona is a 2 DVD set and Led Zeppelin is also a 2 DVD set, and the similarities end right there! While this may be directed to two separate audiences, the core remains the same. As a fan of both, I happily purchased these and I can't believe the logistic differences. Although the Led Zeppelin DVD was more money it was worth every penny. I would have gladly paid more for Barcelona if Bruce put the same amount of care into his project as Zeppelin did on their DVD. From what I've seen and read on the DVD, the Zeppelin guys hired a producer that worked closely with them for over a year to get the compilation done right. The result is nothing short of spectacular. Since the Barcelona DVD was a single concert the work on it should have been easy. However, the shoddiness of the sound, the quality control problems that have been posted here and the editing makes this look like a rush job. This should serve as a wake-up call for the Bruce team over at Thrill Hill that any product that their bosses name graces should be of the highest quality. Sorry if this offends the die-hards like the fan who said, \\"never mind the sound, look at the performance.\\" Wow, that is really a sheep mentality because the performance can only be enjoyed if the sound is good. I love Bruce too but you have to admit this release could have really been special had he cared as much as Plant and Page.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|A fantastic show that FOX was too stupid to keep on the air. The writing, acting, everything about it was perfect. If you loved the show, you have own the DVDs. Finally you can see the episodes in the correct order and with great extras, like the interviews &amp; the famous gag reel. And if you've never seen this show? Here's your chance... why not give it a shot?
B000000IRJ|5.0|This Album Has all my favorite Rod Stewart songs,<BR>Maggie May, Mandolin Wind, Reason to Believe and so on.<BR>The Gold Master Recording is a Plus!!
B00013F35I|5.0|I attended a Giants Stadium show of his and this brought back great memories. He has such a way of connecting with the audience and his fun is contagious. Luckily, my 2nd disk works perfectly and I've noticed no problem with sound like some people have said. The songs are all fantastic and the way he sets them up, from one to the next, is so well done. This is a definite must for any Bruce fan.
B000002B35|5.0|Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  David Gilmour has been blessed with unbelievable talent as shown on this CD (and all of his others) and with his perfect guitar playing and sexy voice (which has NOT diminished in the least with age) his uncanny humility about all of it blows me away !!  What an awesome human being!  STILL the SEXIEST MAN ALIVE in my book.  This CD is a MUST if you are a Gilmour or Pink Floyd fan.
B000063DI9|5.0|i dont have that many maiden albums but lemme tell you this one is definitely my favorite. Many would choose #of the beast or killers as their favorites probably and i respect that but theres just something about seventh son that grips you. such epic tracks as infinite dreams (excellent song), the evil that men do, and seventh son really are more than enough of a reason to buy this awsome cd.
B0000VD04M|5.0|I really expected this movie to be bad. I was pleasently suprised. It was fabulous! Depp in a dress is hilarious, he had all Ed Wood's mannerisms down ! Get work done by all of the cast. I just wish the film was in color instead of black and white.
B00008J4P5|5.0|For someone who has had a love affair with r&amp;r for 30 years it is so nice to see the whole thing re-invented again. The flaming r&amp;r core of energy, rebellion, pride and attitude tends to get wrapped up in fashion garbage at regular intervals of years. Fortunately some wild kids apparently always come then and chop away the blubber. Jack 'The Ripper' White swings the guitar-shaped dagger this time. I don't remember the last CD I've heard over and over again without skipping numbers here and there - but Elephant is such an album. The strange thing is that names and numbers from the past bubbles up in your  mind when you listen to this music. Jimmy Hendrix, Jefferson Airplane, Who, David Bowie, Clash ... You have heard all the bits and pieces before and still this is brand new, original, personal, real.<BR>These kids offer you a short break from the plastic, the brain death, the greed and the numbness. Take it !
6300184269|5.0|I remember seeing this as a kid every weekend. It's always funny to me! A Definate Classic.
B000002OX7|5.0|Thier finest effort without a doubt!!! The band is in peak form in this album!!! Many of thier greatset hits are here including:Won't Get Fooled Again,Bargain,My Wife,Behind Blue Eyes,Goin' Mobile and Baba O'Reilly!!! The bonus cuts are great too!!! A treat from start to finish!!! Two Thumbs Up!!! A+
6305897786|2.0|I seen this movie purely based on the fact that I love Johnny Depp, but this movie is just bad and quite boring. What is the point of the end anyway. And the picture quality is bad and so are the special effects.
B000002UCN|5.0|13 Classic Harrison tunes(7 Beatles tracks for the first half and 6 early solo career tracks for the second half) in on little shiny disc!!A nice sampling of hits!!! Essential!!!Five Stars!!! A+
B00005JLH3|5.0|I see him on t.v. as a comedian/ actor, now he is a singer. Go head boy ! Get paid. This movie is very good to my surprise. All ages should see it.
B00003CX8T|5.0|Good news for all of us waiting for a release of Aladdin! It will be released October 2004! This is one of the best Disney's movies! It's a must have!
6300216039|5.0|This is the best version of romeo and juliet I ever saw. You really believed them as R and J. The movie was quite funny too. The whole cast is outstanding. Great work done by all.
6304416415|3.0|This is a nice kids movie...but pretty stereotypical story line.  Clearly devised to show off the Disney special effects.  Can be scary for a 5 year old.  Kids characters are stereotypes.  And of course, it is the one girl who needs rescuing!
B00008VGK0|1.0|Madonna trying to rap. oh my god please say it ain't so ! This song is a complete JOKE!
B00006IU73|5.0|In an era of the music entertainment business where you find &quot;other&quot; bands in the top ten (I won't go over them) it is fair to say there is still a &quot;Glass Ceiling&quot; of sorts when it comes to bands like Porcupine Tree. They certainly deserve every ounce of recognition for being survivors. When you think about their history, how many different INDEPENDENT record companies have the band alone been through before signing to Lava? Too many to mention. And we won't even get into the countless stupid music critics who never saw anything appealing about the band but to just poke fun at them. Most bands would have died a premature death because of failure to appeal to mainstream and media. What we have here is a philosophy (with a few exceptions thrown in for good measure) that hasn't been seen in rock field since the late 60's. No, the music industry shouldn't be JUST about money. Although when you look around 15 months after the release of In Absentia you would think this revolution in mainstream music would at least see some sort of breath in America, if only for a nanosecond. But alas that has not happened. Americans are just too consumed by the possiblity of becoming rock star millionaires overnight. The fact that rock music is being made all over the world to listen to and think about never crosses their minds anymore. Just the almighty dollar and how much they can squeeze out of their musical piece of crap. So what you have repeatedly seen are record companies that continue to sue file share/swapping kids because they are losing record sales because the artists are not happy making a few hundred thousand dollars. The fact really is though, records don't make artists THAT much money. Surprise, it is the record company. The money an artist makes nowadays is by touring. So there claim that file swapping hurts the artist is not at all truth. And money grubbing artists just lap it up. Hum, I wonder if record companies ever thought the REAL reason for record sale decline is just in the fact that what the bigwigs are releasing as music these days don't even deserve radio rotation little alone a purchase at the local FYE music store...Yet mainstream radio hold record companies hostage and continue to ignore Porcupine Tree mostly stating that they are far too left field for the marketplace. One of the Wonders is going down and it will be the demise of mainstream music. AOL/Time Warner are going to sell their movie/book rights and I am sure in a few years will sell their music rights as well, because while it makes them money, it doesn't make them billions. Good for them, and perhaps that will change the midset of mainstream radio for forcing record companies and the average Joe to buy Evanesence(dought it though). In the meantime, all other talented bands will be mapped forever on the other side of the Glass Ceiling because music critics and radio say so. At least we have In Absentia on the mainstream side. A rare commodity because media and radio have had their cheek turned the other way about Porcupine Tree since the release of The Sky Moves Sideways back in 1995. How long will this last? Not looking good because the &quot;Unnoticed Musical Revolution&quot; is going on in the United States just as I predicted it would before In Absentia's release back in 2002. This album should be selling millions and instead has sold a fraction of that. A few hundred thousand at best. Will Lava dump Porcupine Tree? Let us wait until the next album for that, of not before.<br />Oh yeah, about In Absentia, the music. Worth the price of $11.00, believe me. This is music that is meant to be played on a nice Hi Fi. Not an MP3 swap...Yes even those who prance around screaming Radiohead and Coldplay (boneheads) as the survivors of British Rock would even have a change of heart if they heard this without the (dare I say it) any influence from the ignorant music critics. And I know Porcupine Tree's track record with mainstream music critics.Not too good. If you have read this far (and I dought that many have) all I ask is that YOU listen to the album without prejudices or preconceived notions. Just listen to the DAMN THING already... <br />Look for Stupid Dream and Lightbulb Sun, both previous releases to be out in 2004 on Lava. And a 5.1 release of In Abesntia coming out next year too. Ah, I think I will put my headphones on and listen to In Abesntia. Good Night.
6301763041|5.0|This is Johnny's first movie after starring on 21 jumpstreet. I Love it because you can see Johnny do something he loathes :Dancing. He did great and his lip syncing was fantastic. A definate classic.
0385504209|2.0|I had eagerly awaited the chance to read this book because of all the rave reviews I had heard about it. Unfortunately, the reality did not live up to the hype. While expecting a mystery thriller, what I got was mostly historical fiction.<br />While the author seems to have done a lot of research into the history of the grail and secret societies, the mystery was poorly plotted and seemed to drag where it should be speeding along. Hot thriller? I'd say lukewarm at best. The first 150 pages were hard to get through, but I persevered. The story did pick up a little bit after that, but was so trite and predictable that I had it all figured out by page 200.<br />What seems to fascinate everyone that reads the book is the &quot;history&quot; given- and some people actually seem to believe the premise given in the book to be real. (See other reviews.) However, this is a work of FICTION. There is just enough truth mixed in with the fiction to perhaps fool the masses, but any true Bible scholar knows better.
6305428425|1.0|Don't see this movie. It's a waste of time and energy. It's just about 2 nit wits wanting to impress everyone at their high school reunion.
B00008PC2O|4.0|I have the Ultimate Edition.  I thought that the extreme edition had a lot more special features not including the remastered picture and sound.  I was totally wrong.  MOST of the special features are dvd-rom features and I don't have a dvd-rom.......and those features aren't really good anyways.  It has a very good 25 minute long documentary about the use of computer generated special effects and how t2 started the large use of these special effects.  That's basically the only worthwhile special feature that it has.  The special features were really disappointing, but I'm fairly sure that the picture is much better (more colorful and richer) compared to the ultimate edition's picture, which makes the movie that much more enjoyable to watch.  The movie is great, but the special features are lacking...... as for the ultimate edition.....the special features are abundant and the picture isn't too great therefore making the movie a teeny bit less great.  It's up to you.......a lot of special features (if you can still buy the U.E.)....or a great picture........or else just buy both and you can have everything........like I did.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah is the queen of mellow, calming music. Thank you for providing us with music worth a listen.
B00000G3PL|5.0|I love these movies....  Each movie in the series is action packed, funny, and is overall a great and very fun movie to watch.  I seriously hope that the idea for a 5th Lethal Weapon pulls through.  So....the movies are great....don't see anything wrong with the picture or sound...... It doesn't include very many special features, but seriously.....special features are really not needed at all to be able to enjoy these dvds/movies.
6300189821|3.0|Yes its a horrible plot, but I enjoyed this movie as a kid. I watched it so many times its ridiculous.
B0000070QN|5.0|&quot;Empty Promises&quot; must be like the tightest song ever.  Whoa!  This CD totally rocks out.  This album and Cuts Like a Knife are like my favorite hard rock albums of all time.  I remember hearing it as a kid, and it was like the heaviest thing I had ever heard.  It pounded me like a hammer.
6305364648|4.0|Surprisingly this was a good film. Arnold CANNOT act but who cares. He did very well and so did Jamie Lee Curtis. Very funny plot too.
B000002UAR|5.0|this album is the goodness of happiness.The ideas for this album has brought forth new styles for the heart and soul of modern music.  This album also transformed alot of rock music.  Just listen to &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot;, or &quot;Eleanor Rigby.&quot;  If the beatles didn't exist, there wouldn't be a lot of good rock.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It took Fox a long time after cancelling the show to finally decide whether or not they were going to release the episodes on DVD.   It's about time and thank you Fox!! I love these shows and I've been anxiously awaiting their release.  What can I say about a show (now only on DVD) that is humorous and clever.  The episodes were written to a smart audience because they didn't assume that they had to explain every little detail.  The characters let you fall in love with them even though they may be slightly quirky.  If you can't relate to a guy the has honor and morals while having to be a smuggler then this may not be for you, but if you are looking for a really fun ride and the flight of the decade, buy the DVD's and hang on.  They are powerful, emotional and funny episodes and I'll enjoy them until the disks wear out.  I mourn the loss of the series but anxiously await a possible movie.  Get to know these characters!  Keep flying!
B0000DD7LC|4.0|If you love Alicia Keys then this CD is for you! Every song that Mrs. Keys sings is amazing. She expresses herself  through her music and uses her wonderful talent to do so. Her music is the best out there. This CD is really worth your $!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Watched this by myself, then rewatched the episodes with commentary.  Then watched the entire set with my folks.  The boxed set has provided me with hours and hours of entertainment.  Various and sundry folks I've gotten to watch a few minutes have been pleasantly surprised.<br />HBO execs please take note:  I'm too miserly to have cable, even the basic package, but I'd get HBO and eat Ramen to make up the difference if you picked up Firefly.
1586210912|1.0|This book is an elegant mix of political mumbo jumbo and repeated advice.  Let me assure you that any money spent buying this book will be better spent having a good day out.<br />Why?<br />1)  Any financial book requires exactly what it is - Financial information.  This book lacks (if it contains any) serious or definite information.  It informs the reader through its main slogan \\"don't work for money, let money work for you\\".  Not only does this slogan appeal to the lazy, it lacks any fundamental method of completing it.  Other than this useless slogan, the rest is simply words with no advice or knowledge or good English.<br />2)  Check the number of times the book refers to its board game \\"Cashflow\\", in other words, this book is a marketing stunt to get you to buy its very expensive board game (you'd be better off buying Monopoly)<br />3)  There are hundreds of good, sincere, but less well known books out there.  If you're looking for something that will appeal to the lazy and ignorant, want to waste your money, and you despise sending your children to school and think that they should drop out of it tomorrow, buy this book.  If you're looking for a MOTIVATIONAL BOOK, buy \\"think and grow rich\\".  If you're looking for something that will actually teach you something, attend a seminar or be brave and buy a less well known book.  <br />4)  Robert Kiyosaki has no ethics nor morality.  He proclaims \\"money is power\\", and endorses college dropouts.  He resorts to name calling such as \\"chicken little\\".  He says, \\"I have found the principles of finding value are the same regardless if it's real estate, stocks,...or a new spouse...\\"  He says that the reason you want to have rich friends is to get inside stock information (illegal?).  \\"That is what friends are for\\". <br />NEVER JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER.
B00006LLNU|4.0|I stumbled across this album while doing some reading on Radiohead. I bought the album and gave them a shot, why not right? I must admit, I was quite suprised. The best way I can descripe this album is it is like an eerie soundtrack to life. The vocals are delicate and light and you think you know what he is saying but you are wrong; it is gibberish. The music is light, flowing an melodic. Listen with headphones for best effect. This is an album to enjoy.
055357342X|5.0|There simply aren't enough adjectives in our language to describe the magnificence of this series.  After I began reading, I was sucked into a vortex where I was unable to stop reading, yet dreading the moment when the words run out.<br />The huge scope of the story is brilliantly told from the points of view of the heroes and villians, and it's left up to you to figure out which is which.  As soon as you have it figured out, Martin reveals some hidden motivation or plot twist that turns all your theories to dust.<br />There was no point during my read where I was waiting for something to happen.  The story moves along in a stately fashion, with all the numerous details fleshed out in full color, smello-vision, and 3-D.
0767811070|5.0|At only 23 years old, John Singleton hit the ground running in this film directing debut. His work seemed as fresh as an established director. Not only was he a superb director, but he also was an excellent screenplay writer. The Academy gave him credit by nominating him in both categories. This movie also has a outstanding supporting cast as well. Cuba Gooding, Jr., Ice Cube, Laurence Fishburne and Angela Bassett (who would both go on to play Ike and Tina Turner in &quot;What's love got to do with it?&quot; and recieve Oscar nominations.) give outstanding performances. One of the most important black movies in a generation.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|Let's be honest. If you're considering a remix of a 30-year-old rock album, you might as well give up the notion that there's any objective reason you will NOT buy this CD. You're considering it precisely because you're looking for finality (you know better!) and perfection (hah!).<br />&quot;Let it Be... Naked&quot; is just the most recent in the blend of commercial and bootleg versions of a quite decent collection of songs by a quite decent rock group. There was a &quot;bootleg&quot; mix that was heard as &quot;Get Back&quot; for several months before the Spector version appeared as &quot;Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;...Naked&quot; seems most like it, in the ordering of the songs and in its simplicity.<br />Some of the material seems to be drawn from alternate takes. The most surprising is Sir Paul's &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot;, displaying elegant power pulled mostly from Paul's exquisite phrasing. This was a song I never liked much, and this version just proves how wrong I was. Orchestra and choral arrangement stripped from the song, it is now easily the best of the bunch.<br />I was never a fan of Harrison's weak efforts, and my mind hasn't changed on those. &quot;For You Blue&quot; and &quot;I Me Mine&quot; are catchy ditties, but the least spirited on the album. &quot;Dig a Pony&quot;, &quot;I've Got a Feeling&quot;, &quot;don't Let me Down&quot;, and &quot;Let it Be&quot; are, I think, what the Beatles were after when they wanted to &quot;get back&quot; - spirited rockers with an infectious glee in performance. These versions aren't so different from the Spector mix, but they are clean and spare, and stripped of the studio chatter that tried to imply a spontaneity that this version presents much better by just playing the music. Even &quot;One After 909&quot;, a song I never really liked, shows the Beatles' ability to do deadpan stylistic chops with gusto.<br />The &quot;Fly on the Wall&quot; disk has been roundly panned in reviews, so I go against the grain in liking that, too. I find it a nicely edited audio documentary, not too deep or important, but solid nonetheless.  A nice bonus, and the whole thing goes for the price of one CD. Just considering the music - in my opinion a better mix and ordering than the Spector version - you should add this to your collection.
B0000DJZB9|5.0|Awesome!!! Awesome!!! Awesome!!! I love it, brings back many memories still waiting for the band to get together and give us some new sh** <br />diehard GNR Fan
B000088E6D|5.0|I bought this cd for Christmas for the man I recently started to date exclusively. I took a chance even though he had never heard of Michael. When we met, he was playing his Frank Sinatra cd at his work.(The red cross blood donating bus!) Just by randomly browsing, I found Michael's cd and listened to some of the tracks. Little did I know how big of a hit it would be.  He loves it!  I love it!  Listening to the whole cd it got better and better. His voice is like a smooth, rich, chocolate truffle melting in your mouth.  He has set the mood for one of the most romantic dances I've ever had the pleasure to experience. Who knew listening to a cd in a living room could make you feel like you're getting a private show on a cloud?  The fact that he's so young is impressive.  Not many younger people have an appreciation for this music and he shows what it's all about without needing 60 years of experience. He's fresh and adds his own style without trying to outdo the original. Very genuine, very good!
B000002UJQ|5.0|A lot of people, here and elsewhere, have rated radiohead's albums poorly or attacked the band. Almost without fail these are knee-jerk reactions, the \\"inevitable backlash\\" that all highly praised albums can expect. The media is hyperbolic, of course their praise is going to go over the top. It always does.    The bottom line is this: OK Computer is a great album. To anyone who thinks otherwise, whether you feel this opinion is truly justified or not, I offer this challenge. Listen to this album 10 times. Not all in a row, mind you, just whenever you have time to spare. While listening, give it your full attention - walking in and out of the room or talking on the phone while it's playing doesn't count. That's not listening.    Frankly, it doesn't even matter if you go into this completely convinced that you're going to hate it. The only pitfall would be a dogged determination to remain hostile; to be willfully close-minded.    Listen to it 10 times and you'll hear all the \\"imagined\\" depth first hand. You will love it. You will love this album. Period. There are no exceptions.
B000089RVR|5.0|I knew Dido with her song Thank You but i did not loved this song too much to buy the album. Last month I heard White Flag at the radio and I really fall in love with this great song. You know, this kind of song with a perfect chorus and a great melody, and #1 hits.. I decided after it to go to my music shop and buy her album &quot;life for rent&quot;. I loved it too much and I decided after it to buy her first album. It show you how I loved her music.<br />I like the entire album. I can't said that I skip a song on the CD. The only thing I can say you is buy this album !
B00005JMCT|3.0|It's quite interesting they call this DVD a \\"unrated extended party edition.\\" I love the raunchiness of the the \\"Pie\\" series. My favorite is having Shannon Elizabeth going topless in the original \\"Pie.\\" Fans won't be dissapointed because \\"American Wedding\\" has plenty of topless scenes, sure to have you begging for more! Remember the bachelor party scene with the two babes nude? Well there's more of that in the 'unrated' editon!<br />Anyway, this third entry is alright. Jim gets married to the girl from band camp. The wedding plans turn out to be a disaster, but in 'Pie' fashion, they do tie the knot. Half of the young cast from the previous two movies are gone, and that's probably the downpoint. I miss Shannon Elizabeth! She should of had a cameo by ruining the wedding and running off with Jim! That would have been a better plotline.<br />But Stifler(Seann William Scott) is the savior here. He's funny because he's in this film alot. He pratically stoled the show despite being more stupid and nasty then in the first two movies combined. This rude and arrogant character should have his own movie series. Well enjoy the DVD. GET THE UNRATED EDITION!
0385335482|5.0|I fell in love with this book right from the beginning, and couldn't put it down!!  If you loved Bridget Jones' Diary, this is a must read.  It's fabulously light, but absolutely lovable and engrossing at the same time.  And, to the reviewer who thought this book was shallow and too materialistic.... go out and BUY something!!
0385504209|2.0|the rage will be short live surviving only in church book clubs and oprah fans. a page turner all admitt, however, the premise of controversial religious topic is the real suspect to blame for gluing your finger to the page. the writting was mediocre not to ripe the book apart but i was just as enthused by picking up a goosebumps book. only suggestion- read it for yourself the opinions seem to vary drastically
0452285186|4.0|Andy Riley, a British cartoonist and creator of a weekly comic strip in the Observer, tackles the off-the-wall subject of bunnies who simply can't go on living any more. These cartoons explore the outrageous and creative ways a bunny might dispatch itself to that great hutch in the sky. These include such methods as sunning on the beach while Noah loads the Ark, becoming ballast for a hot air balloon, and catapulting through venetian blinds. This book is morbidly funny and tragically silly. If you like humor that's a cross between The Addams Family and The Far Side, this book is for you.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Over the years we have watched the young pop star blossom into a sexual music icon.  Though wether or not you agree with the changes in Miss Spears public image, it's not just her look that has taken a turn in a different direction.  Her latest CD In The Zone consists of different beats and melodys never used in a previous albums.  No two tracks from this album are the same, which is quite refreshing concidering many complain how you can hardly tell pop from pop these days.<br /><br />  But The truth is, hardly any of her work is pop.  Her music has evolved into a more funkier hip hop beat within many tracks, which leaves you with maybe 4 actual pop songs from the 13 tracks.  Though this album will draw different fans, Britney followers may be dissapointed in her new album, for she sheds the bubbles and enters a fiery sexy image.  However this is by far her most fast paced album, which could quite possibly show Britney fans and haters there is more to this young beauty than just 70's-like pop tracks.
B00005JMGL|5.0|'Peter Pan' is one of those classic books, like 'Alice in Wonderland', that everyone knows and almost no one has read.  Those familiar with Barrie's Peter Pan have bemoaned the lack of a cinematic adaptation of the original tale that didn't hide, alter or reject many of the story's deeper and darker allusions of childhood.  The execrable 'Hook' and Disney's overly-sanitised version of Barrie's classic only borrowed the characters and climactic plot-points.  P.J. Hogan has adapted the story to film for the first time without apology; at last we are exposed to the real Peter Pan with all its wickedness and violence and sadness.  This is a beautiful film, made with great love for its subject, and the slight alterations to the script are minimal and not at all out of accord with J.M. Barrie's intent.<br />Don't be surprised if much of the film startles: 'Peter Pan' was not just about a boy who never grew up, it was about the need for maturity, the benefits of growing up and the subsequent regret that comes with the loss of innocence.  The blossoming sexuality of Wendy is in the original story, even more overtly than in the film.  She is the real center of the story; a heroine as adventurous as Peter, but the one who goes through the true catharsis of adolescence.  Peter is a boy who can never reveal his deep loneliness, and it was not by accident that Barrie chose a boy as his title's hero.  Peter is not a boy who can't grow up: he is a boy who refuses to grow up, and unlike Wendy who is able to stand more firmly on her own feet, he is doomed to a life of solitude and lovelessness.<br />These are Lost Boys who kill pirates, girls who kiss boys, boys who are sometimes brats and sometimes heroes.  Barrie often commented that what he admired most in children was not their precociousness, but their sense of anarchy.  Children are selfish, self-centered and often cruel; it's only when they grow up do they understand their roles in a bigger world, and break out of that selfishness into someone capable of compassion.<br />The film is just wonderful, a great script, BEAUTIFUL performances from all the children and adults, spectacular special effects and a great night out.  Don't hide your kids from it; they'll be much better for it.
B00005YXZH|5.0|Jeff Tweedy has one of the greatest voices I've ever heard. If you've heard Uncle Tupleo, you may think you know Tweedy. But you don't. Since those days with his former band, he has really matured. His lyrics are deeply poetic at times, although there are still awkward points, and his voice is perfect the Wilco's style of music. The first 5 songs of the CD are all gems, nearly perfect, as is &quot;Heavy Metal Drummer&quot; and &quot;I'm the Man who Loves You.&quot; And what makes this CD so good isn't just the vocals and lyrics, it's the production. Producer Jim O'Rourke took a good pop album and turned it into a masterpiece. Add to that some very catchy hooks, and you have yourself a CD that you can listen to over and over again, and never get tired of.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Oh my god, this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It has such great fight scenes and an awsome plot and theme. I would reccomend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a great movie. I love Equilibrium!
B000092ZYX|4.0|If you are reading this review, chances are you know that Radiohead is one of the most important bands of the past 20 years. You know &quot;OK Computer&quot; is one of the best albums released in the '90s. But in case you didn't know, you do now. Since &quot;OK Computer&quot; was released in 1997, Radiohead has released &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac,&quot; both highly regarded by the indie music community. Needless to say, &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; was perhaps the most anticipated release of 2003. It does not dissapoint.<BR>While not quite the masterpice of &quot;OK Computer,&quot; &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; is an exceptional album. Combining the best elements of all their CDs to date, Radiohead has created a work sure to please fans of any of their CDs. For new fans, however, the sound may be a little... well, different at first. This isn't the type of stuff you hear on the radio. Be sure to note that that is a good thing. After a few listens, almost anybody that enjoys good music should be able to appreciate the beauty that is Radiohead.<BR>The album starts out as good as any I've ever heard. Indeed, &quot;2+2=5&quot; may be the best opening track on any Radiohead CD. Starting slow, with Thom Yorke managing to sound beautiful even as he howls the lyrics, then building and building into the climax. It's one of the most exciting moments on any CD ever.<BR>Although no other song quite matches the opener, the rest of the CD doesn't dissapoint. Highlights include &quot;Sit down. Stand up,&quot; &quot;There There,&quot; and &quot;Myxomatosis.&quot; There are really no weak tracks, although &quot;We Suck Young Blood&quot; may piss a lot of people off, what with the rather annoying handclaps. But unless you try, and try hard, to find flaws with this album, it will seem just about perfect. Yes, folks, Radiohead has somehow done it again.
B00005JMFO|5.0|This film is one of the best films I have ever seen. It wonderfuly blends comedy, tragedy, romance and drama into one uniquely differnt motion picture. The plot is not a simple one, so I will will give you a brief explanation of all the romantic situations entangled in this movie: 1-The new prime minister, who falls for his beautiful secretary; 2-A writer thats comes to love his Portugeese-speaking housekeeper; 3-a housewife, who belives her husband is cheating on her with another woman; 4-a young man madly in love with his best friends new wife; 5-an older man (who just recently lost his wife) helps his young stepson to \\"woo\\" the love of his life; 6-a weird Englander moves to America to have lots and lots of sex with American girls; and 7-sex-scene body doubles whose naked conversations lead to true love.Although the film is much enjoyable, it runs for a bit too long (pushing 2 and a half hours) but still is a gem. Not appropriate for teenagers under 15.
B000068PQ0|4.0|The Flaming Lips' latest full album release does not quite compare to &quot;The Soft Bulletin,&quot; which is easily the best they've ever done, but it certainly leaves its mark on the world of indie rock. The album starts out with the best song, &quot;Fight Test.&quot; It gets fun and quirky with &quot;Yoshimi&quot; and thought-provoking with &quot;All we have is Now.&quot; There are a few boring songs on the album, such as &quot;The Morning of the Magicians&quot; and &quot;Are you a hypnotist?&quot; but for the most part this CD will keep you entertained.
B00008EYA5|5.0|This movie is probably running with some of shakespears peices except this one has COLIN FARRELL and other great actors. This movie is also right at home in the age of technology. This thriller had me on the edge of my seat at the movies and now on the edge of my seat at home. This movie was so good I couldnt just settle for seing it on the big screen, I had to bring it home with me! Colin Farrell is one of my favorite actors but for some its not. If you are one of those who do not like Colin Farrell, you get a whole mess of other great actors including Samuel L. Jackson, Michelle Rodriguez, and LL Cool J. This bad boy style shoot-em-up will not have you displeased if you decide to bring it home! If you dont think it would be such a great idea to go out and buy it, maybe you should rent it, because this movie is not one to be pased up!
B00005JM02|4.0|Another huge success for the folks over at Pixar, Finding Nemo is a delightful film that should be enoyable for everyone. If you've seen other Pixar movies, it won't surprise you to find that the humor can be enjoyed by viewers of all ages. Kids will love it, most teens not too worried about being cool will enjoy it, and any adult with children should find it entertaining as well. Another fantastic movie for the entire family.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|As a self professed fan of pop music, I was really excited about this CD.  Unfortunately it's really a warm overed disappointment...just see the terrible \\"Me Against the Music\\" for proof.  Apparently, the music lost big time as Britney moves further away from what she actually does very well...fun catchy pop...this album simpers and snears and comes off laughable and pathetic instead of sexy and mature...for a better listening experience try Britney's earlier efforts or the latest efforts by Kylie Minogue or Paulina Rubio.
B0000019PA|5.0|This album is absolutely perfect in all of its imperfections. The sometimes lo-fi recording fits perfectly into the humble, but genius music of Jeff Mangum. The lyrics are abstract, but at the same time majestic, to a point that has hardly ever been reached. Every last sound effect, strange instrumental, and horn track is no more and no less than this album needed, and if you ask me, it can do no wrong. It is a thing of beauty that should be heard by as many people as possible. The centerpiece of the album, &quot;Oh Comely&quot;, is one of the best takes of any song ever recorded. Ever. Even the producer screaming &quot;Holy S***&quot; at the end of the take is perfect. Anyone who does not have the privilege of hearing this is much deprived.
B00005YW4H|2.0|This CD was better than the endless hours of radio play it received but not good enough to upset the hard work and dedication real singer/songwriters such as Bruce Springsteen have given us for over 30 years.  The songs are nice if you're strapped in the backseat of your Father's Oldsmobile with windows that only roll down half-way.  But if you are between the ages of 0-60 put this CD on your funeral-setlist and until then listen to likeable, knowledgable, creative, artistic, resourceful, eye-popping, heart-stopping, earthshakin', earthquakin', pants-droppin', Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band.  What were the Grammy people thinking when they voted?
0375432302|4.0|Wake up world! To all who think it is fiction - forget everything you have ever learned - it's all a lie! This is the first book that combines history and thriller in one - just for that you have to love it. To those who know the truth - we hope it gets people thinking, researching and reading.<br />P.S. Nothing is as refreshing as short chapters, great book.
B000069AUI|4.0|this album is a crazy mental drain. the music doesn't even really need lyrics to go with it, but the singer makes everything that much sweeter. they have this symphonic sound that makes labeling them a rock band inappropriate, but to call them anything less would be cruel and unusual punishment. these guys are great, very mellow very emotional, very true to themselves. there are of course some flaws here and there but they are easily forgivable. this isn't something to rock out to, this is something to daydream to, to relax and escape from the busy city life to. you want to talk about vacation on a budget? this is it.
0385504209|3.0|Successful novels aren't always carried by the sum of their components, and this novel is an example of how one component alone can sometimes propel a book to bestsellerdom. In this case the component is the subject matter itself: Jesus Christ's bloodline and the suppression of documents that suggest a woman should be heading up the Church in Rome. Other components I found weak. Main characters, for this reader, remained paper-thin. The French police captain and his second-in-command revealed a hackneyed relationship. The story attempted to duplicate the frenetic pace of some movie thrillers, but its effort fell short because its energy to accomplish this was consumed by format rather than story: more than 100 chapters, plus a pro- and epilogue, and too many of them unfolded in an escaping vehicle. Additionally, because much of the story has its action in France, its appears author and editor thought it necessary to pepper the text with countless French lines. A little of this goes a long way for readers who do not speak French. Although I finished the story, early-on something began to nag at me and it remained to the very end. This is a generous time of year and so I've awarded it 3 stars.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I confess, I never really liked Star Trek.  The reason: they all just seemed so goody-goody.  There they were, cruising around the galaxy, helping people, and they always were cast as the good guys.  As a decidedly anti-establishment type, I couldn't help but see shades of Big Brother in the Federation.  That's why Firefly hooked me immediately.  The crew members of Serenity weren't part of the establishment, they weren't always the good guys, and they actually seemed to be fighting against the larger Federation-like social structure.  Firefly is the Un-Star Trek, perhaps even the Anti-Star Trek, and for that reason is a lot more charming and likeable than Star Trek ever was.  The characters are more real, more fun, and the story lines are more original and more intellectually stimulating.
B000050IE6|5.0|'Still Life' might just be my favourite heavy metal album. There, said it. I want to discard hyperbole in this review, and lead anyone who reads it into the core of this remarkable piece of work.<br />  Opeth are like a ten ton hammer wrapped in velvet. Its actually almost impossible to describe them and fully get across how their music SOUNDS though. Theres deat metal growls, which I used to hate (I wonder how many fledgling Opeth fans find themselves typing that?), theres incongrous, simply catchy parts, theres stunning acoustic guitar playing, theres thrash runs vicious enough to rip your eras off. But Opeth, despite having all that, are something....more.<br />  'Sill Life' has a very important edge over the bands other albums, and many of its competitors: it tells an intriguing, bleak, enthralling story. I wont (and cant) give anyrthing away here, as I havent even come close to deciphering all Akerfeldt's lyrics. Essentially, the album follows a man returning to his home after 15 years, searching for a character called Melinda. Following, analysing and being gripped by the story is half the fun of this record. So, its a conecpt album, or a theme album I suppose, but what really propels it above so much dire, bland and ludicrous extreme metal music is the sheer diversity, the range, the techinical ability and musical ingenuity contained here. Opeth sprinkle touches of progressive rock, psychedelia and wistful acoustic balladry throughout this record, but pull it all together in impossibly seamless fashion. Akerfeldt<br />, who writes the lyrics and plays one hell of an acoustic guitar, draws on and perpetuates the ideals of his death metal roots, utilizing the bleak lyrical style, evoking reams of misery and despair and growling his way through songs that are entirely unconventional in structure.<br />  Opener 'The Moor' is out and out stunning, with a dreamy intro and gorgeous mid section. 'Godhads lament' has one of the most bizzarely catchy parts Ive ever heard in a song so brutal: 'searching my way to perplexion' It even has some 'ahh, ahh's. 'Benighted' discards growling vocals and crunchy guitars entirely, focusing on melody and a delightful chorus. 'Face of melinda', the albums centrepiece, is jaw-dropping, letting a vivid intro explode into life suddenly late in the songs.<br />Ok, I've droned on enough. If you like metal, prog metal, or are just open minded enough to go for an album that, I assure you, is actually fairly physically and mentally draining, then buy this instantly. Look past the growls and wild riffs, and discover some extremely original and vital music. Remember, your parents wont like it, your girlfriend might not like it, your pets wont like it, but embracing Opeth might just make you a better person.a song so brutal: 'searching my way to perplexion' It even has some 'ahh, ahh's. 'Benighted' discards growling vocals and crunchy guitars entirely, focusing on melody and a delightful chorus. 'Face of melinda', the albums centrepiece, is jaw-dropping, letting a vivid intro explode into life suddenly late in the songs.<BR>Ok, I've droned on enough. If you like metal, prog metal, or are just open minded enough to go for an album that, I assure you, is actually fairly physically and mentally draining, then buy this instantly. Look past the growls and wild riffs, and discover some extremely original and vital music. Remember, your parents wont like it, your girlfriend might not like it, your pets wont like it, but embracing Opeth might just make you a better person.
B0000DJZA5|4.0|Just got this release for Christmas and it's a real gem!  Given the snips of dialogue, the soupy mix, and the overwrought and leaden Spector (and, yes, Sir George) Martin orchestrations, I always thought the original LIB was the anomaly in the Beatles' canon.<br />My only disappointments on LIBN (keeping me from rating it 5 stars) are the perfunctory guitar solo in &quot;Let it Be&quot; (instead of the masterful solo that was emphasized in the single version) and the absence of the &quot;yeah, yeahs&quot; at the end of &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; (I know they're corny, but to me they're an echo of a distant bend in that Road).<br />The additional disc has some tantalizing song snippets, but, generally, I don't think an artist is well served by short un-rehearsed bursts of tunes.  A better approach might have tracked the development of a particular tune, but some might think that's too tedious.
B000005JA8|5.0|Some people think this album is cacophonous and shrill.  This is true for someone who's never heard any point of reference for this album.<br />Combine Delta Blues and freedom jazz (Albert Ayler, Ornette Coleman, Sun Ra, any number of folks) and you've got a reference point.<br />You see, when you have a piece of music, the lines in the different parts don't have to be the same length.  You might have 20 beats where one part plays 5 bars of 4 and one part plays 4 bars of 5 (you've heard the Beatles do this with 12 beats at the end of &quot;Happiness Is A Warm Gun&quot; -- the guitars play a waltz, where the drums play in 4).  <br />Or you could have 17 beats in one part and 12 beats in another and they stop and end at the same time.  <br />Or you could have one part start to get faster and faster, and go out of sync with the others, and have them hit together several bars later.<br />This album does this a *lot*.  Does it make it cacophonous?  Perhaps if you've never heard this happen before.    <br />Is this album random?  No it has a definite formula -- basically each part has something to play, and they play each bit a few times (usually until they all hit together) and then another, link them together until the poem runs out.  Don Vliet shouts/sings his poetry over it, sometimes completely out of sync, sometimes very tight, sometimes just in sync, and sometimes drifting in and out.<br />There *are* rather normal rock songs on this album (check &quot;Moonlight On Vermont&quot;, &quot;Veteran's Day Poppy&quot;, &quot;Sugar 'n' Spikes&quot; or the ever popular &quot;Myhumangetsmeblues.&quot;  There's a straightforward blues tune (&quot;China Pig&quot;).  One song even showed up on another album in a different form (&quot;Pachuco Cadaver&quot; vs the song &quot;The Spotlight Kid&quot; on the album &quot;The Spotlight Kid.&quot;)  One song (&quot;Hair Pie&quot;) is played twice, in a slow version versus a fast version.  <br />But there's a lot of brain-food and geometric shaping of time in this music (you can't be wigged out and make this, no way).  Once you figure out how the shapes shift, it won't sound strange, but it might be a *new language* for you.
B000068TPN|5.0|We Were Soldiers is one of the best movies on the Vietnam War I have seen. It is an antidote to such cynical perspectives as Full Metal Jacket, Platoon, The Deer Hunter and Apocalypse Now. Those were all very well made films, but obviously colored by the various directors' politics in general and disdain for the Vietnam War in particular.<BR>Nobody longs for war (except if you're crazy), but We Were Soldiers displays how men of integrity and with a natural patriotism will fight and die for their country. Based on the true story of the first battle between American soldiers and North Vietnamese troops in 1965, We Were Soldiers is useful in showing the very early stages of the war. We are given a bigger scope of the conflict in the opening segment which shows how the French were finally driven out of Indo-China in the '50s.<BR>During the Cold War, the United States felt an obligation to fight against the spread of Communism and prevent the Domino Effect of South East Asian countries falling one by one to Communist control. So with the French gone, America made a stand in Vietnam, probably with the right motivations, but in a war that was to prove too costly in terms of lives lost and loss of national resolve back home.<BR>But in this first battle, we get the feeling the war could have had a very different ending. An American air cavalry regiment under the command of Col. Hal Moore (brilliantly portrayed by Mel Gibson) is dropped off in enemy territory with orders to hold their ground. The North Vietnamese have the advantage of numbers, knowing the land, and with the high ground position. They come in waves against the American troops, but are fought back each time. These battle scenes are exceedingly well shot. You can feel the bloody shock of the close combat. At one point, a civilian war correspondent is unable to be an observer anymore and takes up a rifle alongside the soldiers.<BR>The days of conflict are interlaced with scenes of the military wives back home, particularly Col. Moore's wife (the luminous Madeleine Stowe), as she takes on the burden of telling other women on the base when their husbands have been killed in action. These are deeply moving scenes. I applaud this movie for being able to incorporate the effects of war on loved ones back home in such a personal, non-political way.<BR>We Were Soldiers also takes the courageous path of not refraining from showing Col. Moore's very real faith. He was a devout Catholic, and we see him in conversations and prayer with his family and a junior officer (Chris Klein, in a very pleasing understated role). Moore cares deeply about his men, a stark contrast to the self-absorbed, cowardly or mentally unhinged portrayals of officers we see in other Vietnam movies.<BR>Likewise, the North Vietnamese soldiers are not caricatures. We see glimpses of them as human beings with loved ones too, and with an earnest conviction on the part of their commanding officer that their cause is just and that they will prevail.<BR>I recommend seeing this movie together with A Bright Shining Lie, which could possibly be understood as an anti-war film, but which was valuable for its documentary type scope of the entire duration of the war, showing how incredibly short-sighted strategy, growing cynicism and even a senior military commander's personal life can shape the outcome of a war.
B000063DHL|5.0|While it did take me a few listens to get used to, somewhere in time is arguably their best album ever. It's full of quick, heavy riffs, really cool guitar synth, and amazing solos. Here's a quick break down of the CD.<br />Caught somewhere in time - (4.5/5) - The first track, and the title track, is easily one of the best songs on the cd. It's extremely underated. It starts slow with the heavy guitar synth, then suddenly takes off into the main song. The normal guitars work very well with the Synth here.<br />Wasted Years - (4/5) - Another outstanding track. The chorus is incredible, the verse is simple, yet works wonderfully. Proclaimed as one of maidens best songs, I've got no place arguing with that. A must-hear.<br />Sea of Madness - (4/5) - No slow intro here. It starts fast and heavy and continues like that the whole song. Another wonderful chorus, and the lyrics are well done too. Don't even think about skipping this. <br />Heaven can wait - (5/5) - ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS OF ALL TIME! Starts out slow and picks up speed. This is a very upbeat song, and its absolutely amazing. You can listen to it again and again and never get tired of it. So do that.<br />The lonlieness of a long distance runner - (4.5/5) - What a title, eh? This song is another good one. It's amazing what Iron Maiden can write songs about. Another underrated classic.<br />Stranger in a Strange Land - (4.5/5) - Wicked bass work at the beginning, then kicks in to a slow heavy beat. Awesome song, one of my favorites.<br />Deja-Vu - (4/5) - Yet another underrated song, this song starts off really slow, then hammers into a fast and heavy verse. Another one of my favorites, don't skip it.<br />Alexander the Great - (4/5) - Probably my least favorite song on the cd, but by no means is it a bad one. The song starts off slowly, and maintains a march-like beat through most of the song (which is quite long). Don't skip it.<br />-------------------------<BR>The bottom line: I recomend this to all IronMaiden fans, new and old. Give it a chance, and you'll become addicted. 5 stars.
B000068IEU|3.0|Having just recently seen this movie on DVD, I now see how far Wes Craven moved from his roots to the camp horror he is better known for. In many ways this is an amateurish effort with a lot of new and then unknown actors, but I think it is ultimately a better story than Nightmare on Elm Street or Scream.<BR>Last House on the Left is so scary because it's realistic, notwithstanding some of the contrived circumstances in the story (such as the torture and murder of the girls being carried out so close to the home of the concerned parents). It's realistic because the villains are not otherworldly, invulnerable beings. They are common thugs who have lost all sense of empathy or mercy. They remind one of the Manson family or the Nazis who performed horrific experiments on their victims or casually executed them.<BR>While watching this, there were times I was shouting out at the helplessness of the victims, the ineptitude of the police, or just for vengeance on the cruel and pestilent villains. There is some justice at least, in the end.
B00005JM0B|4.0|Ok, since lots of people bashed this movie saying it was crap(and half of them probably liked the Matrix Sequals), im going to tell you why i think this movie was great. First of all, to answer some questions, Ed Furlong was not in this because of his substance abuse(he had the part of course,but John Mostow didnt know if he could pull it off without any help). Why James Cameron didnt direct this? (Titanic may have had sumthin to do with it)but there was an interview with him after this came out and he said he liked it. OK, now for the movie. Overall, i was pleased. I wondered how they could pull it off, because for me, the first two Terminator movies were about the two bad Terminators (Arnold in the first, Robert Patrick in the second) and how Cameron kept making us believe they couldnt be killed, and it was that threat that scared me.After i saw this one, i realized how smart the makers of this were(they knew that this new girl Terminator couldnt have the same effect the other two had), so they made the threat the impendind arrival of Judgment Day, and wondering if they would stop it. When it came to the end, i thought it was going to turn out ok. But then (sorry if i ruin the movie)when they found out it was just a bomb shelter for the President and not the thing to stop Skynet, i was shocked. I got surprised again when Judgment Day began, and we saw the bombs fall. I said to myself, Wow, i never expected that ever.That is were i realized how good this movie was. Sure, you got your Plot Holes(Dyson not being the cause of building Skynet, huh?) and part of Arnold's performance(talk to the hand? Gimme a break) and the T-X didnt do it for me(but she is really, really hot, so she did it for me there) but i didnt feel the intensity in her performance like i felt with Patricks T-1000, or Arnold's in the first one. But overall, not bad.
B00000IMCW|5.0|Trying to put my finger on exactly what it is I like so much about a vision of a ruined world where your only sanction comes from hording the remains of a consumer America that i find so damn appealing is extremely difficult. Is it my general distaste of humans that drives me into a frantic fantasy of being the only one left? Do i long for adventure on such a grand scale that it would end in me fighting off my own friends and family, undead, blue and bloated? Or do I secretly just fear going to the mall unless it involves killing hordes of zombies (the romero type, not the ones at the GAP)?<br />One thing is for damn sure: Romero is the luckiest guy in the world. To sculpt a film that embodies everyone of our deepest darkest fears or fantasies, and he does it in such a way that has kept us from losing touch with this gem since the 70's.<br />Something that has kept us coming back i think is the idea that Romero, like many of you reading this, wasn't really known to the studios with the money. He just knew a lot of people with money not intended for young independent horror movies. Those people took a million and a half dollar risk on Romero, and from what I hear most of the investors were people who'd known Romero since the Night of the living dead days. They didn't know what was brewing in his head, but they knew it would probably work. Seeing this thing get made must have been the happiest accomplishment in his career.<br />So why do we, the avid horror buffs, keep coming back to this campy genre flick with shuffling smurf-like white guys with afros? Well, as a technical accomplishments go, this one succeeds with very little to work from. Getting the kind of shots that Romero wanted on the budget he had must have seemed like quite the joke to the cast and crew, so he had an awful lot of things to consider. For starters, if he was going to succeed in making us believe the whole world came to an end, he was going to have to think of clever ways to accomplish this, unlike a certain remake which just went the full nine and really destroyed a big section of Toronto. Romero garnered together as many people around his beloved Pennsylvania, and he managed to get as many as possible into the movie. The morale of the lesson is make many friends and your movie will get made with their help.<br />So i guess in conclusion, I should tell the uninitiated why they should get up right now and go get a copy of this. For one, the acting is excellent, probably the best of any of Romero's movies. The cast was very green and had a lot to portray given the supposed situation, and they handle it very well. Most of the extras (Zombies) look very nice, but a few will make you wonder what  was going on in the seventies that got some people so much screen time (I think it was massive quantites of drugs, personally, but not on Romero's part) like that stupid bald tamborine zombie, some sort of irony in a peace-lover-by-life and a flesheater-by-death kinda thing. Oh, and there is a few white guys with afro's which will make you giggle, and bellbottoms abound, but if you look past that, this is a rather timeless movie.<br />The effects are excellent for there time, and still hold up to todays gore standards quite well. Savini himself admits now that the blood recipe he used was a few shades off, coming off more as red tempre paint than blood, but aside from that, it all looks pretty convincing.<br />I wouldn't recommend buying any of the DVD's floating around at really outragous prices anymore now that a DIVIMAX version by Anchor Bay is out around March or april of 2004, with a super-deluxe version (between 3-5 discs worth, if you can believe that) so don't blow $40 for an oldie here, just wait.<br />I strongly recomend the other films in the Living Dead series, Night of the living dead and Day of the dead. Day is a bit talky, but has great zombies, probably the best, and Night has all the same perks as Dawn but much more gritty. Go check 'em out.
0385504209|5.0|it's funny - of all the negative reviews I've seen for this book, most seem to be from the type of people who expect their fiction to be completely factual (now does that make sense?) or from those who take exception to the religious suggestions/overtones of this work.<br />I was caught up in this book from the very beginning (which is always a nice surprise) and couldn't put it down until I reached the end.  The author did a marvelous job of bringing into the story an alternate religious view and tying everything together with multi-layered puzzles and symbols hidden within the works of DaVinci.  It's fast paced and full of great action - I couldn't believe it all takes place over the course of two or three days!<br />Some people can get so caught up in an exciting and plausible story that they wouldn't hear you if you shouted in their face - if this sounds like you, I'd say you'll love this book.  If, on the other hand, you find it offensive that a vague reference to the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls is off by a few years, maybe you should look for some good non-fiction.
B00000IMCW|5.0|Trying to put my finger on exactly what it is I like so much about a vision of a ruined world where your only sanction comes from hording the remains of a consumer America that i find so damn appealing is extremely difficult. Is it my general distaste of humans that drives me into a frantic fantasy of being the only one left? Do i long for adventure on such a grand scale that it would end in me fighting off my own friends and family, undead, blue and bloated? Or do I secretly just fear going to the mall unless it involves killing hordes of zombies (the romero type, not the ones at the GAP)?<br />One thing is for damn sure: Romero is the luckiest guy in the world. To sculpt a film that embodies everyone of our deepest darkest fears or fantasies, and he does it in such a way that has kept us from losing touch with this gem since the 70's.<br />Something that has kept us coming back i think is the idea that Romero, like many of you reading this, wasn't really known to the studios with the money. He just knew a lot of people with money not intended for young independent horror movies. Those people took a million and a half dollar risk on Romero, and from what I hear most of the investors were people who'd known Romero since the Night of the living dead days. They didn't know what was brewing in his head, but they knew it would probably work. Seeing this thing get made must have been the happiest accomplishment in his career.<br />So why do we, the avid horror buffs, keep coming back to this campy genre flick with shuffling smurf-like white guys with afros? Well, as a technical accomplishments go, this one succeeds with very little to work from. Getting the kind of shots that Romero wanted on the budget he had must have seemed like quite the joke to the cast and crew, so he had an awful lot of things to consider. For starters, if he was going to succeed in making us believe the whole world came to an end, he was going to have to think of clever ways to accomplish this, unlike a certain remake which just went the full nine and really destroyed a big section of Toronto. Romero garnered together as many people around his beloved Pennsylvania, and he managed to get as many as possible into the movie. The morale of the lesson is make many friends and your movie will get made with their help.<br />So i guess in conclusion, I should tell the uninitiated why they should get up right now and go get a copy of this. For one, the acting is excellent, probably the best of any of Romero's movies. The cast was very green and had a lot to portray given the supposed situation, and they handle it very well. Most of the extras (Zombies) look very nice, but a few will make you wonder what  was going on in the seventies that got some people so much screen time (I think it was massive quantites of drugs, personally, but not on Romero's part) like that stupid bald tamborine zombie, some sort of irony in a peace-lover-by-life and a flesheater-by-death kinda thing. Oh, and there is a few white guys with afro's which will make you giggle, and bellbottoms abound, but if you look past that, this is a rather timeless movie.<br />The effects are excellent for there time, and still hold up to todays gore standards quite well. Savini himself admits now that the blood recipe he used was a few shades off, coming off more as red tempre paint than blood, but aside from that, it all looks pretty convincing.<br />I wouldn't recommend buying any of the DVD's floating around at really outragous prices anymore now that a DIVIMAX version by Anchor Bay is out around March or april of 2004, with a super-deluxe version (between 3-5 discs worth, if you can believe that) so don't blow $40 for an oldie here, just wait.<br />I strongly recomend the other films in the Living Dead series, Night of the living dead and Day of the dead. Day is a bit talky, but has great zombies, probably the best, and Night has all the same perks as Dawn but much more gritty. Go check 'em out.
B00005JMGL|5.0|the previews were so thrilling i had to see it. Not to mention i though Jeremy to be really cute! (dont worry I'm 14 not 40). It was so awesome it took me into another world and i still havent returned. Yes, I'm a big fan of Jeremy Sumpter but it was so much more than that. A truely fantastic amazing thrilling exciting great unbelievable movie.
0451457994|5.0|2001 was what many people consider the greatest science fiction movie of all time.However, I think I like the book more than the movie. It had a lot more detail and had important parts that were left out in the movie. The plot is that in the year 2001, the moon has been colonized by humans(I wish). When they find a strange object on the moon, they call Dr. Heywood Floyd from Earth to check it out. It appears to be a black monolith that was made 3 million years ago, long before there was any life or civilization on Earth. The book had some interesting ideas, such as the fact that every star in the universe is actually a solar system. The book had a great story. Actually, it was 3 stories, but the object was in all 3. The ending still is confusing, but it leaves you to come up with your own ending. Very original book, highly recomended.
B000006045|5.0|Being the hub from which many of the greats in trip-hop seemed to disperse (Tricky, Portishead), Massive Attack deserved to have this incredible album next on its &quot;to-do&quot; list. &quot;Mezzanine&quot; reads like a list of solid songs with occasional examples of exceptional talent.  Tracks like the atmostpheric instrumental &quot;Exchange&quot; (played with samples in track 10), set the basic mood for the perfect album for a room filled with cigarette smoke.<br />But the real treats are in how the vocals complement the languid grooves, be they male (&quot;Risingson&quot; and the darkly majestic &quot;Man Next Door&quot; - just listen to the chorus) or female (Liz Frazier of the Cocteau Twins in &quot;Black Milk&quot;).  Anyone familiar with the films &quot;Pi&quot; or &quot;Snatch&quot; can recognize &quot;Angel&quot;, one of the album's most recognizable and most haunting melodies.  Sung by a high-voiced reggae artist, &quot;Angel&quot; goes from sweet lullaby to deranged rant with some simple guitars and percussion.  Its something that has to be heard to be believed.<br />However, it is when Frazier adds her voice to a different song that we hear what may be the album's greatest moment: &quot;Teardrop&quot;.  Backed up by piano chords and sounding like an old record, singing about when &quot;black flowers blossom&quot;, Frazier's voice couldn't be more beautiful.  And her work turns &quot;Teardrop&quot; into the most beautiful song on one of the most beautiful cd's ever created.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I only managed to catch a couple of episodes of this show on Fox...by the time I realized that it was something truly worth watching, it was off the air. I had actually managed to forget about this show since then, untill a couple of weeks ago when I noticed the DVD on Amazon while doing some Christmas shaopping. I ordered a copy and promptly forgot about it again. On Christmas Eve, I noticed it in a stack of books and DVD's and thought that it might be fun to watch while wrapping presents. I watched the first DVD Christmas Eve, and finished watching the last one tonight. I will never forget this show again. From the first disc to the last, this is one of the very few nearly flawless television series that I have had the fortune to watch. This show is one of the best examples that I have seen of entertainment becoming art, and art becoming entertainment. The only criticism that I have to offer about this series is that there isn't more of it, and that there isn't more like it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|When Sofia Coppola stormed the silver screen in 1999 with her breakthorugh movie \\"Virgin Suicides\\", you could clearly see that talent really does run in the family. That film was still somehwat rough around the edges but the touching story, the soft visual language, and her choice for music (Air) made up for it thousandfold. And luckily Sofia hasn't lost an inch of her touch, but has rather grown maturer (both visually and story-wise).<br />Bob Harris (Bill Murray) is one of those actors who once where on the cover of every magazine and in every blockbuster, but whose career is now on its way downhill. He has found himself a new audience in Japan, a country that still remembers his past glory and is fascinated by everything American. This time he is in Tokyo to promote a whiskey and when his director explains to him in a minute-long intense Japanese monolgoue how he should say those few lines, the translation is, \\"Turn to the camera and say the words.\\" He is literally lost in translation and drowning in his mid-life crisis.<br />At the same time a young American photographer (Giovanni Ribisi) is staying at the same hotel with his wife. Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson) has a Yale degree in philosophy, she is married to a guy who doesn't understand that they are slowly drifting appart, and she has chosen to come along to avoid doing nothing at home. She is at the point in her life when everthing seems to be coming down.<br />And then the actor and the wife meet. They glimps each other over the hotel, seeing that both of them are as lost in their present surroundings as the other one. And one night in the bar (where a failed American singer is entertaining her faithful Japanese crowd) they discover that they both are in the middle of a crisis and in a foreign country where only the whiskey still works.<br />This story is at the same time about two lonely people who manage to find a soulmate, and a study of the strange little culture that is Japan. And Sofia Coppola knowsboth of those stories very well. Her \\"Virgin Suicides\\" was first and foremost a hit in Japan (she is almost a cult icon there), and the loneliness is the one she felt when her husband Spike Jonze was constantly working and she was stranded in a foreign country where everything is a twisted mirrorimage of its Western self.<br />The visuals and the story are both subtle and the right word for their characterization would be \\"observational\\". This is not a movie where the viewer is only shown the moments that define a relationship. In this movie we are shown how a relationship forms, how in loneliness the only things we need to create a bond are that same loneliness and a common language to express it. And both Murray and Johansson manage to bring this story and their characters to life with an amazing grace and intense realism.<br />In Japanese literature and movies, even in paintings, there are many examples of using subtlety to express important feelings. In \\"Lost In Translation\\" Sofia Coppola uses that very subtlety to speak of the same feelings and does it on a backdrop of modern Westernized Japan. A country that uses a strange magnifying glass on everything American to make it part of their everday-life in ways that the author of the original would hardly have thought possible.<br />Overall, I think that this is one of the best movies of 2003 and that Sofia Coppola is one of those young directors whom to keep my eye on because her future is deffinitely bright. It seems that weren't it for the fact that Peter Jackson just has to get an Oscar for his magnificent achivement of bringing Tolkien's world to the big screen, Sofia would be my top choice for the Best Director Oscar. But then again Sofia does have a lifetime to collect them for her mantelpiece (or wherever she will place them).
0316776963|5.0|This is my second David Sedaris book, and after the mixed feelings I have regarding Barrel Fever I can say this is much better overall. Sedaris describes, through vaguely connected essays, his own often difficult battle with communication, and the insights he gains are painfully funny. A bit like an autobiography, &quot;Me Talk&quot; is layered throughout with Sedaris' bits of wisdom and wit, and I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I didn't find myself rolling in the floor with laughter except on a few occasions, but the book as a whole is a good look at the difficulty we all have on occasion to say what we really mean, or let people know what we're thinking. The parts about Sedaris' efforts to learn French and justifiably cited as the funniest parts, but I also enjoyed the essay dealing with his stint as a college teacher, assigning writing projects on soap operas. This is a good introduction to Sedaris, and I recommend it highly.
0399900233|5.0|A wonderful wildly provocative heartbreaking book. I enjoy the  journey of Roy Basch and his fellow interns dissecting the real world in the most famous teaching hospital. <br />This book reflects -- how alarming & realistic medicine can be, albeit the irony in medicine inevitably exist in one way or the other. <br />My first idiom  I learned \\"Knock My Socks Off\\" which I perfectly describe in this book. Awesome, Provocative, Brilliant with Wild Sense of Humor!!!=).
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|I admit that I never really planned on buying this cd. I was just browsing around, and happened to find it. I had heard the single &quot;12:51&quot; before, and I really liked the sound of it, so I bought this. At first I was not very surprised, and even thought it sounded bland (note I haven't listened to their first cd). But after the 5th or 6th song, it dawned on me: This cd is catchy, REALLY catchy. <br />But then all of a sudden, the cd ended. That's where this cd falls short, in the length (pun not intended). I've felt pretty shorthanded because the cd was only a meager 33 minutes long. But don't get me wrong, the songs are terrific, and each of them has a hook that really gets you going. It's just the length prevents it from getting a full 5 stars.<br />In short, buy this if you want a really catchy album, but be prepared that you're not going to buy the longest album out there.
B000002Q7Y|5.0|And we held it for a fair old while. Trials, tribulations, a half decent Streets Album, two pretty decent albums with John Elefante at the vocal helm, and then the news broke- Steve Walsh was coming home...<BR>I for one was pretty excited. Sure, the Elefante/Livgren axis had come up with some good stuff, but for me anyways, Walsh was the Rock n'roll heart beating at the centre of Kansas-THE voice of the Wayward Son. His return still couldn't persuade Robbie Steinhardt back to the fold, but it did herald the advent of Dixie Dregs guitar hero Steve Morse and a sharper, more song-friendly ear for hits. Indeed, in All I Wanted, the first single from the album, Kansas landed it's first US Radio hit for nearly a decade and convinced the doubters at MCA that Kansas was a band that could make the progression from Pomp to Pop pretty easily. There's a great mix of Kansas music here, from the nod to the old (Musicatto simply drips evocations of Point Of Know Retutn-era Pomp Mayhem)through the Steaming jazz rock Of We're Not Alone Anymore to the power balladry (no pun intended...) of the afore-mentioned AIW;There really is something for every kind of Wheathead on this record- it'll nestle nicely in my top 5 Kansas albums forever!
0792840070|4.0|Director Adrian Lyne's got a thing for weird relationships. 9  Weeks with Mickey Rourke as a Wall Street exec with a thing for Elizabeth, an art gallery owner (Kim Bassinger). They enter into a quirky and sort of porno relationship which is predicated on a light dominant/submissive message. Apparently the European version of this film was much hotter and way more explicit. The relationship, at the outset, is limited to just over 2 months, but by the time it ends, viewers are caught up in the smutty drama and quite willing for it to go on longer. Rourke plays this kind of slightly dangerous but charming bad-boy role so well that one wonders if he's even really acting. Basinger is terrific, especially in the You Can Keep Your Hat On song and dance number. <BR>It's a good one.
B00005JMGL|5.0|I always thought that Peter Pan was confusing, and rather stupid with all of it's \\"delightful\\" characters. But this movie, shows Peter Pan and the rest to be what they really are. Wendy is not as blonde as in others, Smee, it just plain stupid, Tinkerbelle is frightning, besides what others say. <br />Peter has the delightfulness about that that you could not find in other things. They have followed the book very well, but there are some parts which, without them, would make the movie dreadfully boring, and wonder why on earth Peter wanted to keep Wendy. It is a very charming story, and you can reallly see, I think, for the first time, the characters played out as they were ment to be.
6302881005|4.0|Really sick relationship, but here comes director Adrian Lyne again with another weird relationship movie, so what can you expect? A couple who really need money (Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson) agree to the sicko offer by wealthy Robert Redford to loan Demi to him for a while for a flat million bucks. The marriage falls to tatters, of course, but it's not Redford's fault. The success of the film turns on the director's ability to draw viewers in with a titillating tease and turn the experience into a provocative and thoughtful exploration of what makes a couple agree to such a thing. Interesting movie with a great cast.
B00008NG5V|5.0|hey guys! i like all types of music ranging from hardcore rock to even rap. some people say jack's music is too soft. well, i think it's really good. in fact, this is a remarkable cd that adds a new flavor of music to my taste. On and On is exceptional for kicking back with your friends, chillin out, or even cheering you up (it always makes you feel content when you listen to his music). anyways, i recommend it and i think all of you should give it a chance and listen to johnson's music, its awesome!
B0000VAFO0|1.0|An utter waste of time. Save your money. I saw this on the big screen at a second run theatre. As I LOVE vampire movies, this sounded so promising...a sexy, high-style love story between a vampire girl and werewolve boy. Well, the PR people deserve a bonus for coming with THAT hogwash! Be forewarned: this isn't \\"Buffy\\" and there is no romance here at all. I don't think the characters hardly touched, let alone have a \\"love affair\\". One minor character appears to have had an interspecies romance in the far past, but it's not gone into. Set in England (or somewhere), it's very hard to tell, but most of the Eurotrash looking actors have British accents.<br />Every cool movie of the last decade is mined here -- the bleak, colorless noir of \\"The Crow\\", the wire-work stunts and long leather coats of \\"The Matrix\\", the kick ass action of both \\"Blade\\" films, the vampire \\"king\\" from \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" and every Anne Rice novel ever written -- but to absolutely no effect. What plot there is, is nearly incomphrensible. The general principles of vampirism or werewolvism are disregarded...werewolves change at whim, and both silver bullets and daylight no longer work as in traditional tales.<br />Kate Beckinsale, a fine young actress, is wasted in this garbage. What on earth could have convinced her to take this part? At least she looks great, wearing Michelle Pfieffer's catsuit from \\"Batman\\". Every one else in the film is so pitifully incompetent that it would add further injury to even name them. Trust me, this won't appear on anybody's resume.<br />By midway, I was nodding off. If I'd been at home, I am sure I would have fallen asleep. One boring shoot out after another, often with very unclear results. The ending clears up nothing whatsoever about the \\"plot\\", which is nearly nonexistent.<br />This is one of the worst movies I saw in 2003, and possibly the worst vampire/werewolf movie ever made. Abbot and Costello meet Dracula is Oscar material in comparison with thishowling dog. AVOID AT ALL COSTS, even if it shows up on cable.
044651652X|3.0|Robert Kinkaid stops and asks directions of Francesca Johnson while photographing covered bridges in Madison County, Iowa.  Its love at first sight.<br />Most people know this story by now.  What is interesting is the self-serving way Waller writes himself into the fantasy, so thinly desguised.  I mean really, he names his principal character Robert?  You would think he was the greatest thing since sliced bread.  Though the book tries to be noble,  with Robert staying away and Francesca sticking with her responsibilities to her family, Francesca is still an aldulterous whore no matter how you slice it.<br />An interesting book to while away an afternoon.
B0000B1OFL|3.0|Ok, let's face it: when you check out this movie, you are not up against the BEST action flick there is, with the greatest script or the greatest acting (though I enjoy Wahlberg's performances in general). It's a very Oceans 11-type movie (to the point of also being a remake of an earlier movie, from 1969 with Michael Caine on it): a few &quot;bad guys&quot; (which you end up liking in a sense) pulling off a theft of huge proportions in a very clever way, and so the story goes (not going to spoil it for you)...<br />The embedded Mini-Copper propaganda left and right, aside (it's on every other shot or so, past the first third of the movie), it's a fun action movie more than worth renting. Not too sure about putting money on it, considering it's not extremely original or unpredictable, though. In fact, the very last scene was so overdue when it came, that I almost feared being wrong about my &quot;prediction&quot; for what was going to happen in the outset, which is why I give it a what I consider to be a fair three stars.
B00008PW2D|1.0|I love the show but the price is too high for this quarter of a season! Talk about taking advantage of the fans! The season is ok, not the greatest. Carrie hooks up with Big again (yawn) and Charlotte meets &amp; romances her divorce lawyer is the funniest character to come along in ages. Miranda adjusts to being a new mom and Samantha is still reeling from her break-up with Richard. The season ends on a high note with Samantha single again, Charlotte in love, Miranda coping &amp; Carrie finding a prospective new love.
0061002593|5.0|Everyone looking at the reviews here about this novel will know the plot and that everyone who has posted something loved it.  Me, too!  Damerel is the very best rake in the Regency canon in my view.<br />However, re-reading this over the holidays I was struck by the great achievement Heyer made in fixing her characters firmly in Regency soil.  So many of the more recent pretenders in this genre insist on applying the moral and ethical values of their own time to characters fixed in a fictional world 200 years old.<br />So here we have Damerel admitting to his shortcomings, Venetia on the verge of being &quot;cabined, cribbed &amp; confined&quot; to Edward, a young man with a disability that won't magically be cured and a host of friends and relatives whose moral outlook isn't crammed into the garments of 21st century behaviour.  Brilliant!<br />Although first published in 1958, this novel is charming, witty, cleverly plotted and exquistely written.  It is full of engaging characters who are allowed to act out an amusing and clever story without bowing to modern prejudices.  Invaluable!<br />If you have never read anything by Heyer, try this one first.  You will fall in love with Damerel and be charmed by Venetia and find yourself lost in a long-gone world that Heyer makes come truly alive on a private stage for us between the covers of this novel.
B000002KKC|5.0|As a fan of \\"Fleetwood Mac\\" and \\"Rumours\\" I jumped into \\"Tusk\\" and welcomed it with open arms. I had read several critics reviews on the album, claiming it to be a \\"dissapointment\\", still I welcomed the album as something new. Yes it is a bit different than Fleetwood Mac's previous albums, but it also shows musical growth within the band. Fleetwood Mac's sound had to change, they couldn't possibly do another \\"Rumours\\". <br />The album is more experimental especially on Lindsey's part (\\"Tusk\\", \\"Not That Funny\\", \\"Walk A Thin Line\\").  Lindsey's songs on this album are more Beatle-esque (\\"What Makes You Think You're The One\\", \\"Walk a Thin Line\\", \\"That's All For Everyone\\").<br />\\"Storms\\" a Stevie Nicks song, is the most touching song she may have ever written (next to \\"Silver Springs\\") - simply a beautiful ballad about a failing romance with the classic line \\"never been a blue calm sea/i have always been a storm\\". Of course one of the most well known songs is here \\"Sara\\" - a beautiful song written by Stevie (which some say is to her aborted child named Sara) - this is another all time favorite song- \\"All I ever wanted/was to know that you were dreaming/there's a heartbeat and it never really died\\" Stevie sings. Even the edited version which appears on this album is good- I wish they would have included the full version though.<br />\\"Brown Eyes\\" is another wonderful song, featuring Christine McVie (along with Lindsey and Stevie on vocals) - it sounds like nothing else on the album, and is almost hypnotizing. While \\"Sisters of the Moon\\" sung by Stevie is one of my absolute favorites off this album - the song again returns to the likes of Rhiannon- similar in that it deals with a woman who is born of the night and calls upon those to join her as a sister of the moon- as the song goes. The song also is reminiscent of Stevie's onstage persona (the witch/gypsy etc).<br />\\"Not That Funny\\" is another great track, where Lindsey seems to be venting, in almost a comical way. His remarks (possibly to Stevie?) are \\"It's not that funny- is it?\\". While \\"Tusk\\" is another song that reveals the inner workings of the complex Lindsey Buckingham. \\"why don't you tell me whos on the phone?/don't say that you love me!\\" - a song that seems to deal with a jilted lover who is still supiscious of his ex lover.<br />This album deals alot with Stevie and Lindsey's failed romance (as many of their songs tell) - \\"Storms\\", \\"Tusk\\", \\"Not That Funny\\" etc.<br />Overall this album has to be my favorite Fleetwood Mac album. Although I love \\"Rumours\\", \\"FM\\" and some of the later releases, I think this album is where Fleetwood Mac shines, while still riding on the success of \\"Rumours\\"- they tried to create an album to perhaps- top it. Even if \\"Tusk\\" didn't top sales of \\"Rumours\\" - its still a great album, and worth a listen. \\"Tusk\\" features a change in the band's sound which may have alienated those who were fond of the Mac for their hits off \\"Rumours\\". But I'm glad they were a little more experimental on this album, I think it is some of their best work- and is simply brilliant.<br />Hope this helps in deciding to purchase this album or not. The album is less folk-y - featuring songs that are not really at all like any off Rumours. Yet this album is a diamond in the rough.
B00005JM0B|2.0|I thought this movie was terrible.  The first 2 Cameron movies were very dark, which this movie lacked.  The humor was ridiculous and not typical Arnold humor.\\"Talk to the Hand\\" Was one of the most pathetic lines I have ever seen in a movie.  You may think that was funny if you were in 2nd grade. Sure there was some action, but if I wanted action I would rather watch Bad Boys II.  The story was very weak and I believe most of the original actors did not come back because this script lacked any kind of substance.(except Arnold, he needed the campaign money)  Sure Claire Daines is pretty good but the actor who played john connor was aweful.  The only good thing about this movie was the The Hot Terminator.  Save your money.  Let sleeping dogs die.
B00005JKL8|3.0|Gene Hackman and Owen Wilson star in \\"Behind Enemy Lines\\".  This true story is based on a young man's undercover mission gone wrong.  A lot of action is contained in this movie that keeps the audiences interested.  However, the plot could have been more in depth.  Despite its fairly accurate events, many unanswered question still remain that the writers never revealed.  Most scenes have been done before by many other film producers.  The computer effects are at its prime, remaining realistic-looking, that keep audiences amazed.  Its sound effects from the weapons offer a more intense experience to the action theme.  Gene Hackman and Owen Wilson are unfortunately not at their best in their careers, though their personas are credible.  However, not much demand went through their characters, which is mostly the plot's fault.  \\"Behind Enemy Lines\\" is great for those curious to what happened.  Some mixed reviews may arise upon the movie outcome, but it has many interesting moments.
B000002AGN|5.0|&quot;Time Out&quot; is a timeless classic from The Dave Brubeck Quartet. It was the first album of its kind, an album of complex but intruiging music. Nearly 45 years after its release in 1959, this album is still being discovered by every passing generation and has been influential not only in the Jazz genre but in the Progressive rock genre as well. Both &quot;Blue Rondo A La Turk&quot; and &quot;Take Five&quot; are now standards. &quot;Blue Rondo&quot; in particular has been covered by a diverse range of artists from Al Jarreau to Keith Emerson (who played it with both The Nice and ELP). Elsewhere on the album are some equally stunning moments such as the beautiful &quot;Three To Get Ready&quot; and &quot;Strange Meadowlark&quot;.<br />Each piece on this album is rhythmically complex. No piece on this album is performed entirely in 4/4 time. It is simply amazing the way that Brubeck and Company pulled this off.<br />Simply put, no music collection is complete without &quot;Time Out&quot;. Even if you're not a Jazz fan, this is still crucial listening.
B0000CFW87|5.0|For those of us who have been fans since the beginning, two years seems like an eternity for new material. Though he released a little tibdit, &quot;Josh Groban in Concert&quot;, we've all been waiting for the next cd. Well, it's finally arrived. I am a fan of Classical music and vocals, and the way Josh combines them is so unique, in that he makes classical music appealing to a wider audience. Even if you can't understand exactly what he saying, whether he's singing in Italian, English, Spanish or French, he expresses so much emotion that you don't have to know what he's saying to understand. I enjoy this cd even more than the first, if possible, because it has a more diverse selection than the first, while still staying with what he's known for, his own brand of &quot;pop-op&quot; (pop opera, or classical pop). Tracks like &quot;Oceano&quot; &quot;Broken Vow&quot; and &quot;Hymmne A L'Amoure&quot; show the diversity in tone and feeling the human voice can convey. Overall, another EXCELLENT album.
B00008ADPF|4.0|I disagree with the other review that says this CD is just the same as the others. This CD has a few songs that resemble the hard rock sound of their previous albums, but most are different (they dont yell as much;) The rhythm in most songs are slower than before. Some songs are more similar to other artists than to normal Nickelback. Some resemble Audioslave, while other tracks resemble slower Saliva songs. Personally, this is my favorite Nickelback CD to date.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|I personally like this cd, and it may be so called different but, they are doing sumthing and they are sounding up to date which fleetwood mac's always done if u want the same old fleetwood mac from the 70's listen to rumours or the original. An ode to Christine who will be missed but still it still is a hell of a cd, even without her. It isnt no Rumours but give it a try and shut up and stop fussin about how its not like there original music look Fleetwood Mac never really had an original style they are rock and somewhat pop and if you can think and say any excuse but just face it, it's a cd of this time and the haters cannot face it and wont give it the time becuz Christine left and Stevie and Lindsey are taking the spotlight. Well duh they are the only singers so to all the haters get over it and for the ones who are curious about the album buy it and try it out i know nobody will like every song but just listen. But if you dont like it well thats cool. so my review is its up to date and its a shame it was never really aired that much but even true fans will look pass that, and while some rumours state it's a Buckingham Nicks album umm where does it say on the album that it says fleetwood mac. So give it a try. thanks
B00005JMGL|2.0|The previews looked amazing.  Jeremy Sumpter (Peter Pan) looked handsome and mischieveous, the perfect Peter.  Rachel Hurd-Wood (Wendy) looked strikingly beautiful yet innocent. But that's just how it LOOKED. <BR>   <BR> The movie followed the basic J.M. Barrie tale, about a boy who never grows up, flys, and lives in Neverland. Sumpter seemed good for the role, but when it came to acting...he just didn't cut it. Hurd-Wood was wonderful, charming and innocent as a girl with her first crush. But it was hard to figure out what made her so infatuated with Peter. <BR>    <BR> Jason Issacs starred as both Mr. Darling, Wendy's father; and Captain Hook.  He was the best thing in \\"Peter Pan.\\"  As Hook, he was witty and intelligent.  He was a good actor, showing different facial expressions and proving the authority of Captain Hook. But he wasn't enough to save the movie.<br />You're better off seeing the old Disney animated classic than this. Go ahead and rent that instead of seeing this!
0066620996|5.0|Few authors have the ability to bridge the gap between the theoretical and the practical.  Collins' writing translates real-world learning into leadership behaviors.  His anecdotes are incredibly telling, such as the executive elevators at Bank of America and the profligate use of corporate jets at Bethlehem steel.  His conclusion are contrarian, putting the lie to common management myths such as charisma, bravado, technological risk-taking, and daring strategic thrusts.  <br />In 2001 his conclusions were already being proved out by the dot com bust.  Three years and dozens of corporate scandles later, time has proved his conclusion more correct than ever.  At the end of the day clear thinking, character, and constancy are far more powerful than flamboyance, flash, and financial legerdemain.<br />This book will challenge you to think and act differently as a leader.  Isn't that what a good book does?
B00005JMFO|5.0|this is a great film for lovers of a good ending! i LOVED every minute.. good for a laugh, too!
B00008MNYS|2.0|Boybands are like a celebration of the youth . Talented young men with great looks and good voices - their image is so unspoiled , their energy is striking . When is comes to music though they usually fail to offer anything earthshattering . Furthermore it's somehow weird how the spotlight always focuses on only one or two members even though most of the times we're dealing with a five-piece band . <br />  With that in mind , Take That were an exception of some sort since many of their songs ( \\" Back For Good \\" , \\" Pray \\" ) are simply still great to listen while three band members went solo after the group's brake-up , proving that besides beautty and the moves , they indeed had artistic ambition as well . From the three , Robbie Williams has had many ups and downs all these years . Commercialy speaking , right now he is experiencing a career pick  . He is massive in Europe and the ultimate pop idol in his homeland , Britain . <br />  \\" Escapology \\" , his latest offering is an overall satisfying pop record which lacks though anything truly gripping or challenging . Many songs like the recent cd-single \\" Sexed Up \\" start full of promises yet never take off . The problem seems to be that Williams nowadays tends to be more macho than pop and there's this obsession torturing the people behind him ( as a recent photo-shoot for the cover of Q magazine clearly displays ) that he must be promoted as something totally different from what he used to be : an ex boyband member . <br />  From a generally decent tracklist the song which somehow stands out is \\" Me And My Monkee \\" yet you know that there's something wrong when a side-project single ( One Giant Leap's \\" My Culture \\" ) tops every new song of the nation's number one pop star . Williams has all the attitude and sex-appeal one could possibly ask for but at least until now , hasn't got the tunes to truly make a difference .
B00008X5J1|1.0|I don't even know where to begin.  I gave this movie one star because the only thing I liked about it was the fact that there was a movie during the civil war in the New York.  That never happens.  I'm a history buff.  I love period films.  I love movies that take place in New York.  I didn't like this movie.  First off.  DiCaprio was miscast bigtime.  Should have been Depp or someone else.  I have no feeling on Diaz.  She could have stayed or left.  Whatever.  Day-Lewis was good for whatever that was worth.  The title was wrong.  Yes, there were tons of GANGS in NEW YORK but that was NOT what the story was about!  The film was long for nothing.  a chunk could have been cut out in the middle and we would have not really skipped a beat as far as the story was concerned.  Scorcese was trying to tell too many stories instead of sticking to the main one.  Not usually his style.  Characters weren't developed.  Overproduced.  Sloppy.  Uggh!  I couldn't wait for it to end.  I was exhausted.  Skip it.
B00005JM02|5.0|I visited my one year old twin grandbabies over the Christmas week and this was one of their presents I gave them.  They love to sit on the floor in front of their big screen TV and watch movies.  I think I loved watching &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; as much as they did.  It was the most beautiful animated movie I have ever seen.  I think Ellen DeGeneres outdid herself as the blue fish.  Nemo and all his friends in the fish tank were wonderful, too.  If you haven't seen it yet, do yourself a favor and watch it.  I'm buying it for my DVD library now!!!!
B0000VAFO0|5.0|Well, Hollywood makes movie trailers over the top so naturally when I saw the trailer for this film, I thought for sure this was a big budget movie.  Thankfully, I continued to read about the movie before I saw it and came across it's actual price tag.  Let me just say that for the money that made it, something special was put together here.  This is a dark film that doesn't rely on CGI wizardry to the extent that others of its kind do.  No one watches these kinds of films for Oscar acting.  These kinds of films are action mood pieces, period.  They can either be good or bad and it's that simple.  Underworld is just plain good, utilizing some seriously creative ideas, one of which I have never seen or expected (the idea of mixing a vampire with a werewolf, oh yeah, I felt the love too).  Great storytelling.  Great original characters.  Awesome use of color/tint.  I expect a sequel but I'm hopefull that they don't use more money the next time like so many other sequels.  More money may actually hurt this story.  Never thought I'd say that about a movie.
B00003CXWV|5.0|This is a really good movie. I didn't like Johnny Depp, but after is saw this movie I am convinced of his great acting qualities! They movie is overall really interesting and a lot of fun to watch it. It makes somebody wanna do the same he did, but it's not realistic today. Still great entertainment!
B000002MY3|4.0|If there was one album in the mid-90's, that said &quot;bye-bye&quot; to the whole alt-grunge scene, it had to be &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;. Only No Doubt's &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; sounded as fresh at the time. Plus, this disc screamed &quot;Girl Power&quot; better, and before the &quot;Spice Girls&quot; did. It's one of those albums that's musically and lyrically awesome, and came out just at the right time. Also, in an album of all good songs, half of them are excellent. Besides the huge hits &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, &quot;Hand In My Pocket&quot;, and &quot;Ironic&quot;, this includes the songs &quot;All I Really Want&quot;, &quot;Right Through You&quot;, and &quot;Head Over Feet&quot;. This will probably always stand as &quot;Alanis Morissette's&quot; best album, dont'cha think?
0385504209|4.0|I like books that challenge conventional beliefs with thought provoking revelations.  Another book of this type is Kleier's THE LAST DAY (Warner Books), which goes even farther in its  disclosures than Da VINCI CODE, into and beyond the secret sanctums of the Vatican Bibliotheca Secreta. There are some things God does not want Man to know (so think the patriarchs of the Church), and THE LAST DAY exposes the shocking, harrowing, and fascinating Truth. If you like the suspense of Da VINCI CODE, you will find THE LAST DAY even more intelligent and surprising.
B0000CAXID|4.0|This is (I guess?) a re-issue of the original CD that I own, so while I can't speak to the sound quality of this release, the original was such a good creation overall that I don't see how a re-issue could damage it in that regard.<br />So, on to the review.  I own all of the Foo Fighters' studio albums (plus the &quot;My Hero Japan EP&quot;), but this is the one album by Grohl &amp; Co. that I return to on a consistent basis.  The songs here are for the most part more raw and direct than future releases, and contain an infectious sense of energy and personality that I personally found lacking in the Foos' most recent efforts.  The leadoff &quot;This Is A Call&quot; is churning guitar pop at its finest, and the pace doesn't really let up until &quot;Floaty,&quot; which sidetracks the album into an enjoyable acoustic ballad.  But that doesn't last for long, as the very next track (&quot;Weenie Beenie&quot;) reverts back to the raw punk noise efforts found in the middle of Nirvana albums (&quot;Territorial Pissings,&quot; etc.).  The last songs, with the exception of &quot;Wattershed&quot; (which just flat-out rocks), are a more atmospheric affair that really show off some of the most well-developed songwriting that Grohl has done in his entire career.<br />If you're just getting into the Foos, ignore the &quot;One By One&quot; album and start here instead.
B0000666DW|5.0|This album is on the best releases in metal of the last few years, everything about it is good, agression, melody, great lyrics, great artwork, great musicianship and of course great songs. EVERY music is good, there are no let downs in the album, you could choose randomly and have a great single for this record. <br />When you come across one of the many parts of melody through out the record you know it will lead to a great burst of heavyness, and when the music is tearing everything apart you know it will end in a beautiful, melodic part.<br />The voice fits perfectly the sound of the band, the guitar work is perfect, and the drumming is insane. Everything works for a memorable record.<br />Mastodon and Remission have everything to crush all other metal releases around them.
6304076517|5.0|I am somewhat at a loss because I actually came on to Amazon.com to buy Prospero's Books on DVD (and a second copy, if I could find one, made for the Asian Zone), only to find that it has not been deemed a necessary release in the new format.  What a damning condemnation of our dumbed-down TV-commercial music-video society!  This movie is a masterpiece.  It is everything that any true lover of Skakespeare should expect from modern adaptations.  The visual poetry is of the highest order, the themes inherent in the play are explored in depth, the characters are expertly rendered, and the complexity of the language is allowed to dance its magic in our minds.  Greenaway is not always a tip-top movie-maker, but he is a first rate artist and with Prospero's Books he gave us something that should be one of the most highly praised adaptations in movie history.  Instead, I suppose, we will have to get used to Leonardo DiCaprio and Shakespeare in Cars.  What a shame.
B0000DIXRU|4.0|A Natural Disaster is a beautiful album, full of great melodies, musical ideas, song structures and just the perfect amount of aggression.It works on a global level, was made to be listened from beggining to end and it is never boring or uninteresting.<BR>This is not the doom/death Anathema we all knew some years ago, instead we have a band were the influences of Radiohead, Portishead and other more commercial, melodic bands is visible, something they have hinted with the previous A Fine Day To Exit, only this time the Pink Floyd influence is not so strong.<BR>Even with all these influences coming from outside the metal area this is still easily a record recognizable as Anathema, and i don't think this will appeal to fans of more commercial music, as it don't have the pop groove ,that makes Radiohead so big, for example. <br />The album kicks off with three great songs, that instantly set the ambient for the whole thing, with the end part of Balance as the higlight. The uninspired Are You There? only makes the intermission Childhood Dream fit perfectly, and then the second half of the record just gives you some more agressiveness alonside strong melodies, something more in the vein of Judgment. Pulled Under At 2000 Meters A Second and Violence will appeal to the fans of the more heavy Anathema, while A Natural disaster show us the best they can do on the commercial side of music.<br />In my opinion, lyrically the album is not so strong as musically, with some cliches being used here and there.<br />The artwork is beautiful and it makes this album worthy of a vinil release.
1586212222|4.0|Summary:<BR>The book is a collection of short stories, some fictitious, some based on the author's actual experiences.  Probably the most well known story is 'SantaLand Diaries', the author's account of his time spent working as an Elf in Macy's SantaLand.  <br />`Based Upon A True Story' is about a TV producer who shows up at a Pentecostal church one morning hoping to convince one of the members of the congregation to sign a contract allowing him to produce her miraculous story.  Apparently, the woman saved her son by transplanting one of her kidneys to him in their house. I'm assuming it was meant to be a fictional commentary on the ridiculous lengths TV executives will go to to get a story.<br />`Season's Greetings to Our Friends and Family' is a wife's account of the havoc that has been created in their family due to the arrival of her husband's love child from his time spent in Vietnam.  The love child, Quesan, arrives one day, unannounced, and proceeds to destroy the narrator's family.  The story is written as though it were a holiday greeting card and is also fictitious.<br />`Front Row Center with Thaddeus Bristol' is a strange critique of elementary school drama productions.<br />`Christmas Means Giving' is a fictitious account of two families whose competition to give the most ends with the ultimate sacrifice - their lives.  This is another social commentary, though its target isn't perfectly clear.<br />`Dinah, The Christmas Whore' is, I believe, a non-fiction account of when his sister brought home a co-worker, who also happened to be a prostitute, around the Christmas holidays.<br />My Comments:<BR>All of the stories are well-written, engaging, and entertaining.  SantaLand Diaries was by far my favorite, but I think that is primarily because it isn't fiction.  At least, I don't think it is fictitious, which leads to one of my criticisms of the book - the author never reveals when a story is fictitious or not.  Of course, some are obviously fiction (Christmas Means Giving), but with others you can't be certain (Dinah, The Christmas Whore).  It probably doesn't really matter if the stories are fictitious or not, but it would be nice to know.<br />I'm also not sure what, if anything, I missed because I listened to this book on CD, but there was definitely one element of the CD that probably makes it better than the standard book - Sedaris's Billie Holiday style singing.  On the CD he sings; you won't get that in the paper back.<br />I was impressed by the author's candor about his personal life (once again assuming he is relating non-fictional stories).  Though these 'secrets' are more extensively revealed in later books, I did find his fixation on soap operas to be a bit unsettling.  Sedaris is also quite adept at producing one-line summations of points.  For example, in commenting on how similar people are, the author ultimately concludes, \\"When all is said and done, it just comes down to fingerprints.\\"  As much as I'd like to disagree, I'm thinking just about everyone would want to disagree, which makes my disagreement moot.<br />Though the stories jump all over the place and don't really seem to have a common thread, I don't think anyone can argue that Sedaris has a gift for telling poignant and humorous short stories.  Not all of the stories make sense, but given that some of the most non-sensical stories are true, I don't know that making sense is the author's goal.  Perhaps what Sedaris is really trying to do is illustrate the absurdity of life.  If he is, he's doing a good job of it.  The stories are a bit outlandish and the author is blunt, meaning they probably aren't for everyone, but I would definitely recommend this book.
B00006JJ1O|4.0|When I picked up this CD, I was only interested in the 2 hits songs.  After hearing the rest of the album,  WOW!!   This stuff rocks.  The style of music is catchy and unique.  Russian versions of the songs are neat but I would have liked to see a full album of songs.  <br />Hope to see a followup full album.
B0000DJZA0|3.0|The low end is very weak for some reason. I turned the low frequencies up on my system and subwoofer and it still sounded so weak. Bad sound engineering. Where's the beef??? If I was the bass player I'd be pissed!<br />The live performance also exposes a weakness. These guys are only average musicians. Their recordings are way polished and they being below average musicians can't keep up live. A shame really, but they're still good songwriters. Although their lyrics are for crap.<br />Look at earth from outer space<BR>Everyone must find a place<BR>Give me time and give me space<BR>Give me real, don't give me fake<BR> <BR>Please! &quot;don't give me fake&quot;? Is that the best you could think of? I'm still a fan though. Best band today.
B0000C8AQM|5.0|I saw the movie and loved it, the soundtrack does not disapoint either. There are plently of great songs for everyone to give you a taste of what great music is. <br />When I got into music I gravitated towards the hard rock and glam rock. Needless to say that the songs by NO Vacancy and The Darness fill that volid. It's old school glam metal sounds reminds me why I listed to begin with. It practically forces you to have a good time listening to this music. <br />The soundtrack also serves as a tool to go out and check out more songs from these bands reminds other of how great these songs used to be if you haven't heard them in awhile. I for one and going out to get The Darkness cd and will start paying more attention to the older sounds of rock that I know know RULE!!!<br />The lines from the movie between songs are really great to. When the DVD comes out be sure to pick it up, and get ready to have a rockin' good time.!!!<br />-Mark
B00005YXZH|3.0|I like Wilco, which is why I put off buying this CD for quite a while; anything that receives so much unrelenting praise is immediately suspect to me. Still, a friend of mine told me I needed to get this CD into my life. \\"I'm not really a fan of Wilco's other stuff,\\" he said, \\"but this album really speaks to me. It's like, 'How do you know my life?'\\" So I decided it couldn't be that bad. I mean, \\"Summer Teeth\\" was good, even if the mastering was a little squashed-sounding.<br />Regardless of how much truth there is to the band's supposed label difficulties (and there is some evidence supporting the possibility that the whole thing was either: a] a clever ploy to hype their new album, or b] a clever way to renegotiate their contract while hyping their new album), my reaction was ultimately something akin to: \\"What? That's it? All the hype was over this?\\"<br />I like the first few songs, and the fact that \\"Radio Cure\\" all but buries its melody in muffled production until the song's climax. The lyrics range from strangely poetic (\\"I am an American aquarium drinker/I assassin down the avenue\\"--which is a great opening couplet) to banal (\\"The cash machine/is blue and green\\"; rhyming \\"f*ck\\" with \\"luck\\").<br />If you strip away the unusual production touches, this really isn't as eclectic an album as most would have you believe. Almost all of the songs are built around simple chord-changes and repetitive, conventional structures. What exactly is going on here that's groundbreaking? Some of the lyrics don't rhyme, but a good amount of them do. There's always a chorus around the corner, waiting to repeat itself. Jeff Tweedy's ragged voice lends some credence to the supposed \\"confessional\\" nature of these songs, but John Lennon did it better more than thirty years ago with \\"Plastic Ono Band\\". I'd be willing to bet that, if you took away the production flourishes and the label-dropping deal, there wouldn't be nearly as many reviews here as there are, and there wouldn't have been nearly as many frothing-at-the-mouth reviews from music critics who can't seem to decide whether they're cynical or as easily-won-over as a five year-old handed an ice cream cone on a hot day.<br />This isn't a particularly bad album and, as newer music goes, it's even pretty good. But it isn't anything all that special, and it certainly doesn't deserve all the attention it's received.
B000060P79|5.0|simple plan is amazing, and this cd is awesome. they put on THE BEST live show. i suggest everyone go and check it out. each song on the cd means a little something different, and the way the fast and slow songs are mixed just make the cd great. if you like the starting line, NFG, good charlotte, or yellowcard, then this cd is right up your alley. other cds i suggest are story of the year, acceptance, matchbook romance, maxeen, and spitalfield. therye all a little different, but most people that like simple plan also tend to like those bands, even though theyre a bit underground still, except story of the year.
B00008EYA5|5.0|When I first saw the commercials for it, I knew I'd love it and I'd have to be the first one to see it.  S.W.A.T. is a great movie about getting a prisoner from one prison to the next...alive.  It is an awesome movie about ambushes, snipers, chopers, armored/armoured cars, sharpshooting, teamwork, betrayal, and a whole lot of BOOMS! and BANGS!  I suggest anyone who likes this kind of action to get this movie.  There is no point in renting it... I suggest you buy it right away.
B00008S2VG|4.0|Although, Madonna stays true to her roots with the first two tracks of the American Life album, she is moving towards a more mature, mellow sound as she feels her &quot;song writing is improving since [she] learned to play the guitar&quot;.<br />Madonna is still unrivalled in the world of popular music, and she sees fit to challenge herself, hence the  inclusion of the infamous rap at the end of the album's title track.  The rap met enormous criticism but Madonna typically responded with &quot;they are my words, who cares&quot;.<br />This album, to me, is in a similar mould to Ray of Light and Music, however this to me is better, but after American Life, Hollywood and Love Profusion I cannot see what eles is worthy of being a single, don't get me wrong as an album it's brilliant.<br />Here are my impressions of each track:<br />American Life - Madonna takes a look at war and what its like to be famous yet isolated, and how she symbolises the American Dream. This track grows on you, but I admit it does sounds a little weird. But on the plus side the rap makes it a courageous release. 7/10.<br />Hollywood - Perhaps my favourite track on the album because it talks about how fame and fortune can take over and people don't realise it, and it's not good as everyone perceives. 8/10<br />I'm so stupid - Speaks of Madonna's development as a person and how she's comfortable with herself now and beleives that we are all here for a reason. 7/10.<br />Love Profusion - A great guitar sound here, with a high level of intimacy informing us of her finding her match. 9/10.<br />Nobody Knows Me - Title explains it all really, strange dance sound can be heard here.  Not Keen! 5/10<br />Nothing Fails - A great song, providing the listener with optimism, pure genius!  I was shocked to hear her revist the choir sound that she used in Like a Prayer. 9/10.<br />Mother and Father - This is a heart felt track with Madonna revealing all about her mother's death and her relationship with her father.  I feel it should have been a ballad because it's spoiled by the dance beat (and theres another rap included). 8/10.<br />Die Another Day - Written especially for the James Bond film by Madonna.  A great dance vibe and the most successful track from the album to date(here in the UK). 9/10<br />Easy Ride - A great way to end the album, telling of what she has in mind for the future, her thoughts on the past and how she feels great in the present, because she has &quot;come full circle&quot; and found her &quot;place&quot;. 10/10.<br />Die hard Madonna fans will not be disappointed with this album, however I suggest you buy her Immaculate Collection or GHV2 if you only like her a little.
B00005JM0B|5.0|I found this movie to be the best one of the series...but when is the last movie to come out NOT the best one?  This movie continues the storyline of John Connor and Sydney Brooster who escape a newer, better terminator.  But no one can stop Arnold.  This is a non-stop action film telling about  happened when machines get the better of humans... and how the destruction of the lab that created the machines didn't stop the inevitable War.<br />I suggest you see the movies in order, then you will understand the whole story.
630280082X|3.0|Just to clear up some confusion. Stevie Ray Vaughan had nothing to do with this movie. He didn't play on the soundtrack nor did he play &quot;Eugene's&quot; parts in the film. Ry Cooder himself played all the blues-based guitar and slide parts and traded licks with Vai during the duel at the end.
1400049628|4.0|This book is a must have for any fan of the living dead horror genre. Max Brooks deftly weaves historical and scientific fact with zombie fiction into a convincing backdrop for this satirical look at worst case scenario survival.<br />While The Zombie Survival Guide is not laugh out loud funny, it's dry humor is more apt to start the gears turning in your head. The funniest part of the book happens after the last page is turned. The reader is left with a compulsion to start researching the facts and historical accounts outlined in the book. (Incedentally, solanum is a real virus. Fortunately, it only affects potatoes though.)<br />The Zombie Survival Guide is highly recommended for those who can appreciate dry cerebral humor. And in the off chance that the living dead do finally overun the Earth, the instructions described would be sound advise for survival.
B000009RC2|5.0|My father first introduced me to the music of The Mahavishnu Orchestra while I was listening to a Santana album.  As soon as arrived back at my house I began doing research on this tremendous band.  The first album that I started listening to was The Inner Mounting Flame.  The musicianship on this album speaks for itself.  Anybody looking to get into The Mahavishnu stuff, this is the first album to get.
0385504209|1.0|OK, I'm not opposed to the possibility that Jesus Christ was married and had a child, but much of this book's views on current religions are very insulting!  Most of the \\"evidence\\" that the author relies on is flimsy at best.  Some of the theories he presents on various symbolism are intriguing to contemplate, but they are very weak as presented in this story.  As far as the story involving a French Cryptographer, what was the need?  There is nothing more complicated in this mystery than a few grade school riddles and a simple rotational substitution cypher.  If the Priory of Scion was seriously trying to protect their secret, why would they pick passwords like sofia and apple?  And to use the Fibonacci series of numbers for your bank vault password is ridiculous!  The only thing good about this book is it might intrigue some to do more in depth research on some of the topics highlighted in the book.<br />Oh, and can you say double entendre again???
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|Quit complaining.  What will appease you people?  Either albums are too different from the ones before or they sound the same.  Well Room on Fire does not sound exactly the same as Is this It, so what if it's similar, it's quality music.  And quit with the comparisons.  I have to doubt a person's taste in music when they continuously compare the Strokes to the inept White Stripes, who only have the catchiness of their songs going for them and are held back by Meg's terrible and inexperienced drumming.  This is a good album, like its former. Not every band evolves between every album release...
B00008PW2D|1.0|Maybe it's because I'm a sensitive guy who tries to avoid harpies like the ones on this show.  Maybe it's because I've met more than my share of heinous men and women who behave like these four empty-headed fools, living meaningless lives and flitting from tryst to tryst as if life means being as materialistic, shallow, and cloying as you can be.  Whatever the reason, this show illustrates quite well precisely what is wrong with our culture.  Although it is dressed as a &quot;comedy,&quot; it's quite easy to see that they producers of this show are holding up these four women as ideals, as role models.  Yet, they live lives that are strikingly similar to the stereotypical, empty-headed, macho men we'd learned to avoid and decry.  And their hideous personas make them  ugly, even if on the outside some might find them attractive.  (Frankly, I think it's impossible to see them as physically attractive after they've opened their mouths to spout their gibberish lines.)<br />Can't we have a show about women of substance, women who value the meaningful and lasting, and not women who grow more and more decrepit each year looking for multiple orgasms, promotions at meaningless jobs, shallow &quot;friendships,&quot; and dumb men?<br />Come on!
B00008J4P5|1.0|OVERATED AND UNDESERVING OF THEIR FAME.  For a band devoid of a talented drummer (and not to mention a base player, which is the backbone of most good bands, and necessary when the drum skills are lacking), I have to admit they have some catchy songs.  There is not much depth to any of their songs, and the only good thing they have going for them is Jack White, who I'm sorry, but might as well be playing by himself.  And I'm sick of the White Stripes being compared to everyone.  THEY SUCK! They do not deserved to be mentioned in the same sentence as the Strokes or even be compared to Interpol.  They are not creative, and the more I listen to this piece of crap cd, the more I hate it.  It gets old and boring, just like bad music that is passed off as good does.  Hardest Button to Button is incredibly BORING, partially because it is so overplayed.  And when you listen to Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself, I can't believe you don't realize just how much Meg (you think she would attempt to learn how to play) SUCKS.  The ONLY song on this entire album that I was able to sit through without pressing the skip button is Seven Nation Army, which is probably the only song you have heard by them.  So don't buy it!  That's the reason Seven Nation Army is first, the rest of the album is crap, and many of these reviewers have not even listened to this entire album, because I do not believe that this album deserves 5 stars. <br />Give the White Stripes 5 stars if you want, but this album, like all of their others is a waste of money, time, space, paper, plastic and it's a waste of time to even consider buying it.  THEY ARE NOTHING LIKE THE BEATLES OR THE STONES!  And it is an insult to Rock music to make that comparison.  And I scoff at any poor idiot who can compare Jack to JIMI HENDRIX of all people. If you're looking for a revival of Rock and Roll, your money is better spent on Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, who actually manages to bring back some of the essence of Rock andRoll.
B00005JLSE|3.0|Okay.  I'm not a big fan of musicals.  And show tunes sicken me.  Plus, I'm more into substance than glitz.  And I appreciate good acting.  Finally, I've never seen a movie where dancing has added anything.  I'm glad I got that out of the way.<br />As for Chicago, the acting, such as it is, is rather thin and not terribly impressive.  The songs are shallow and mainly dumb.  Sure, there are lots of lights, and custumes, and &quot;numbers,&quot; but the entire production had the feel of amateur performers trying to be grown-ups.  Why'd I give it three?  Because I had to leave some room at the bottom for films that have no redeeming value.  This movie has some value as eye candy, but little else.
B000008GAC|1.0|guns n roses brought back booze drugs and women and killed the corparate hair metal era so many bitching about the profanity, a band with a reputation like G`n`R shood give you an idea of wat wil be on this album and if you dont like it (in the words of axl rose) &quot;you can suck me&quot;. I will always love this album but what i will never love is censorship, buy the dirty version and get the real G`n`R experience.
0345347951|5.0|Author Arthur Charles Clarke is renowned as one of the greatest science fiction writers of all time.  His \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\", written with and filmed by Stanley Kubrick, is viewed as one of the seminal works in science fiction history.  Obviously, Clarke didn't make his career out of one single book (and movie).  He has been quite a prodigious, and proficient, writer.  In addition to writing three sequels to the \\"2001\\" saga, he also wrote the best-selling \\"Rama\\" series, numerous single novels like \\"Hammer of God\\" and \\"Songs of Distant Earth\\", and untold numbers of short stories.  His stories have won just about every conceivable award for this genre and have achieved the dual goal of garnering critical praise and popular approval.  Of all his novels, though, it may be one of his earliest that still stands as his best. <BR><BR>\\"Childhood's End\\" was first published in 1953, a time when the cold war was in full form and people were beginning to truly look towards the stars for other life and possibilities for exploration.  \\"Childhood's End\\" tapped into that fertile imagination to craft a story of profound scale and meaning.  It begins one day when numerous spaceships suddenly appear in the sky above Earth.  They are flown by an alien species referred to as the Overlords.  The purpose of their journey to third planet of the Solar System is subject to much speculation and fear.  These aliens seem to be a benevolent race that only wants to help humanity solve the problems that plague it.  In fifty years, these Overlords will end ignorance, poverty, war, and disease.  To what end do they do this, though?  The absence of any obstacles and struggles renders humanity complacent and inert.  Is this designed to make Earth pliable for invasion, or is there a greater, more benevolent purpose behind these actions by the Overlords?  <BR><BR>\\"Childhood's End\\" is an appropriate title as it references the end of humanity's childhood.  The Overlords are on a quest to condition thepeople of Earth for it's new role in the order of the Universe.  Current humanity will not be able to handle what is asked of them, but through the generations they can be evolved to be prepared to take their next step.  \\"Childhood's End\\", in the space of a mere 224 pages tells the stories of the different steps of this evolution in an episodic manner that is rich in detail and profound in meaning.  Clarke is fascinated by the potentials of human destiny.  Sometimes, as with \\"Light of Other Days\\", he is not as successful in realizing that destiny as he is in other stories.  \\"Childhood's End\\", though, extraordinarily realizes what humanity can become and its importance to strive towards that.  \\"Childhood's End\\" is as relevant and compelling and novel in 2003 as it was in 1953.
B00006F83Y|5.0|I recently bought this exceptional record after hearing the single &quot;No one knows&quot; many times on the radio. Drummer Dave Grohl's drumming blew my mind on tracks such as &quot;Song for The Dead&quot; and &quot;Do it Again&quot;. Lead Singer Josh Homme has one of the most recognizable voices in Rock today. I was fortunate enough to see the talented group paly live the last time they came into town, and was pleasantly surprised by their awesome stage presence and performance. This is definetley my favorite record to listen to right now. 5 out of 5 stars.
B000055Y0X|5.0|The movie is awesome. An interesting story that Tony Harvey tells in the commentary for The Lion In Winter is how he cut Dr. Strangelove while on a boat to Australia during the Cuban missle crisis. Ironic that.
B00005K9LM|5.0|&quot;Defenders of the Faith&quot; is a must for any purveyor of heavy metal. This album was one of several my band drew on for cover material in the mid-80's. It sounds great at any volume, but to appreciate the depth and quality of production, a good EQ to bring out the frequencies is most complimentary. Every track is ear-worthy, and you will find yourself doing mental playback all day. I recommend this to any old-school metal head and any kid that wants to know how the Masters did it. A+
B00000JCOV|1.0|ooh look at their masks !!<br />woow they're so hard !!<br />they scream  ! you can't hear the lyrics, the guitar is tuned down 2 and a half step down.  The bass plays only Si (B) and Do (C) on the 5th string (or 4th string tuned down....)<br />The drummer is good, sure, but he plays always the same thing.  He is very fast, but there's no variety in what he plays.<br />Two guys are hitting on barrels are useless.  You don't (or you have to be very attentive to) hear them on the cd anyway..<br />The singer sings good... in his other band.  In slipknot he only screams.<br />There's also a DJ, but i don't know why, probably because he's the best friend of another member so they take it in the group, and a sampler, but i don't know what it is... Seriously, he doesn't have a lot to do, only some scratches.<br />that's all for the members...<br />oh no, there's another guitarist i think but one guitarist can do the job, i don't think they need two.<br />The percusionnist (Shawn... #6) is disguised in serial killer. I don't think a serial killer is funny. And i don't think it makes the band better.<br />You love a band that calls their fans &quot;MAGGOTS&quot; ?  These white things that eat corpses ? .. no comments.<br />Ok, I liked this album first, and buy it, the digipak, and it was something like.. $30 CAN, and i realized 2 weeks later that is was a big waste.  There's only 2 tracks that I like, SIC and eeyore (hidden track)<br />Anyways.. listen to amazon samples, go local cd store, ask a friend, download, burn, and make your own idea about it.  Maybe you will like it.  If you do, buy the cd.  But I strongly recommand you not to buy this album only for it's &quot;reputation&quot; because you will probably like it for 2 weeks and be a lot disapointed after..
B00005JMCW|5.0|Freaky Friday is a great movie. I got this movie for Christmas and watched it with my parents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and my little brother. There were ages from 10 all the way to about 50 something years old. Everyone loved this movie and were laughing none stop.<br /><br /> I would recommend this movie to anybody. All ages will love this movie. Freaky friday is also a good family movie and it shows adults that teenagers lives aren't really as easy as they might think, and shows us teenagers that being an adult isn't as easy as we might think either!<br /><br /> Freaky Friday is a 5 star movie without a doubt, so what are you waiting for if you haven't seen it yet you should! This is like one of the best family movies that has come out in a long time. Which says a lot!
B0000DJZA5|5.0|Spector never had any business working on a Beatles record.  By 1970 his wall of mud was passe and he should have retired and dissapeared.  This is a much more listenable version then the original.  Maybe not exactly what J, P, G and R would have put together, but probably darn close.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|There is something so beautiful about this composition. It's almost as if it were a tapestry of music, interwoven with woe and happiness; good and evil. I think now, especially since the Lord of the Rings trilogy has come to an end, you can really feel Howard Shore's heart within each and every song; his bittersweet emotions, his desire to make this a grand closing, and his utter devotion to the material. It is a beautiful experience listening to the soundtrack, and I advise any fan of the movie, or the book, not to let this one slip... There has been some controversy over Annie Lennox's contribution. At any rate, I could not have wished for more brilliant - not to mention appropriate ending theme! I admit I did not like it all that much at first hearing, but once I bought the soundtrack, and really - REALLY listened to the song, I fell in love with it. You cannot help but to.
B000002JPA|5.0|Dream Theater's &quot;Images and Words&quot; is a fantastic album in which they show their true musical brilliance as a prog (progressive) rock- metal band. Infact the only song that titles itself to metal is &quot;Pull Me Under&quot;. This is the first track on the album. The whole album however in itself is simialar to Rush and possibly better. Labrie's vocals shine over the artistically layered album. John Pertrucci's wild guitar effects and heavy riffs make this album a fun one to listen to. I gurantee anyone that buys this album will like it. Although it got certain bad reviews, it's only because people feel they are a copy of Rush, which is certainly not true because Dream Theater has their own style and talent. DO yourself a favor and pick up &quot;Images and Words&quot;.
B0000CDLA7|2.0|Dream Theater really lost it on this release. After owning &quot;Images and Words&quot; for some time now, I must say that &quot;Train of Thought&quot; really loses it's spectacle and Dream Theater's respect. I honestly feel Dream Theater sold out to the sameness of todays music. Yes they show the same wacky guitar riffs and heavy laden verses which I have always enjoyed about their albums but &quot;Train of Thought&quot; really loses this. James Labrie's vocals are awful and show no sign of the same man we knew before. Labrie even raps on one of the songs on this album. It is simply awful and I find myself comparing this to Nu Metal. I'm sad to say that I wouldn't recommend this album to find Dream Theater's as always has been &quot;amazing talent.&quot; Instead this is a repeat of the past and of the present. This was a horrible way to spend $15 of my money, don't waist yours.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|The Matrix was not only excellent but was perfect for a series of sequels, however, the powers that be outdid themselves again, ruined a perfect story, made a silly sequel and even turned it into a mindless kung foo(l)/pseudo religious/bandstand sort of sexual piece of garbage that isn't worth the price of a ticket much less the cost of a used DVD. Wow! Did this upset me or what.
B00005K3LU|5.0|It seems clear now that the 1988 film \\"Die Hard\\" is one of the most important cinematic touchstones of our lifetime, simply because every action film since then can be reduced to being a variation on the theme (e.g., \\"Speed\\" is \\"Die Hard\\" on a bus).  I am not going to claim that \\"Die Hard\\" is more than mindless entertainment, but rather that it is the standard by which all mindless entertainment is to be judged.<br />One Christmas New York City cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) flies out to Los Angeles to enjoy a nice, quiet Christmas with his estranged wife Holly (Bonnie Bedelia), who is climbing up the corporate ladder of the Nakatomi Corporation.  However John arrives at the company office party a few minutes before a group of terrorists, led by the urbane Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman), takes over and holds everybody hostage.  While the bad guys begin the long process of breaking into the building' vault, McClane becomes the proverbial \\"fly in the ointment,\\" on the loose in the building and causing problems.  The only person on McClane's side is Sgt. Al Powell (Reginald VelJohnson), a cop on the outside who learns about what is really happening inside Nakatomi tower when McClane drops a dead body on his squad car.  Also working against McClane are top cop and complete idiot Dwayne T. Robinson (Paul Gleason) and sleazy reporter Thronburg (William Atherton).<br />What makes \\"Die Hard\\" work?  First, the film had the virtue of making Bruce Willis a movie star.  Prior to this point he had failed to make his success with television's \\"Moonlighting\\" translate to movies.  Leading roles in \\"Blind Date\\" and \\"Sunset\\" were disappointing enough that the best part of Willis's cinematic resume was being a courtroom spectator in \\"The Verdict.\\"  But in John McClane he had a character that allowed him to get off his one-liners but was also involved in some big action sequences and still found time to use his brains on several occasions.  I also like the adding insult to injury twist of fate that finds McClane barefoot when things start happening.  The result was that suddenly Willis was promoted to the A list, which almost always makes a bigger splash than when the star is there to begin with.<br />Second, there were the action sequences, the best of which remains McClane's jump off the exploding top of the building with a fire hose wrapped around his waist.  Everything else pales next to that one, but the common theme you have with all of the key sequences is that McClane is an ordinary guy facing long odds in a series of extraordinary circumstances.  Another common denominator is that for what McClane comes up with usually involves some thinking as well, such as using an office chair and a computer to create a detonator for plastique explosives.  McClane might be unlucky, but he is not stupid.  Add to this the fact that the action is pretty much non-stop once it gets started, and this is by no means a boring film.<br />Third, there are actually some emotional elements to the story, with McClane obviously worried about his wife being held by terrorists being at the top of the list.  But there is also the relationship between McClane and Sgt. Powell, even though it exists almost entirely over the radio (but has a nice double payoff in the film's denouement).  The scene where McClane asks Powell to pass along a message to Holly provides a sense of despair that usually does not enter into one of these films.<br />Ultimately, John McTiernan's film achieves a solid balance between characters and actions.  If an action film succeeds on the basis of the villain, then Rickman certainly provides that (I like the way his character is introduced), and I have always thought that VelJohnson's show \\"Family Matters\\" was an obvious and intelligent effort to capitalize on how great of a character he created in this movie.  Then there is Bedelia's Holly Gennaro McClane, who has it all, including a good right hook.  You might not understand how those two ended uptogether in the first place, but can sure appreciate why he wants to stay married to her.<br />Even the fact that \\"Die Hard 4: Die Hardest\\" is currently in pre-production can distract from the reputation of the original.  Actually the two sequels are better than most of the imitators that have come down the road (\\"Speed\\" is definitely the best of that bunch).  Besides making Willis a big time movie star it certainly set the bar higher for all the action films that have been made since 1988 and showed that you needed to have some heart and a sense of style to go with all the witty one-liners and explosive pyrotechnics.  \\"Die Hard\\" is still a lot of fun to watch.up together in the first place, but can sure appreciate why he wants to stay married to her.<br />Even the fact that \\"Die Hard 4: Die Hardest\\" is currently in pre-production can distract from the reputation of the original.  Actually the two sequels are better than most of the imitators that have come down the road (\\"Speed\\" is definitely the best of that bunch).  Besides making Willis a big time movie star it certainly set the bar higher for all the action films that have been made since 1988 and showed that you needed to have some heart and a sense of style to go with all the witty one-liners and explosive pyrotechnics.  \\"Die Hard\\" is still a lot of fun to watch.
B00005JLSE|5.0|I've seen this three times already. I'm not a musical fanatic and, for the most part, I am a man of few words. This is so much fun. The music and lyrics are 1st rate, Bob Fosse can't be beat, Richard Gere is very surprising, it is superbly acted and performed by all, the numbers are oh you get the idea. Fast moving and fun, fun, fun. Foot stomping and very entertaining indeed and isn't that what it's all about anyway.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I LOVE this album.  Even the songs I liked a little less than the others initially, I have grown to love.  Each song just takes me away.  I don't know how, but Josh's voice seems even richer and fuller than on his first CD.  Plus he has expanded his styles and his voice sounds WONDERFUL on the more contemporary tracks.
0380002930|5.0|This is the 2nd. or 3rd. time I've read this really very good book by Richard Adams and I like it more each time. It isn't just a book about rabbits, it's a book about life, danger, tragedy, humor, adventure, overcoming adversity , death and legacy. The gamut of one's emotions are touched and it's difficult not to want to finish the book at one sitting. Through Mr. Adams's narrative you can almost experience the warmth of a burrow, the kinship of comrades and the incredible thrill of overcoming obstacles on your path of survival. This is a story that should live forever in the hearts of all adventurers regardless of age.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|How []like Enterprise and Stargate can stay on the air when this gets cancelled is beyond me.  The storytelling here is subtle, character-driven, full of humour and mystery.  Most importantly, it's rarely predictable -- and when it is, it's only to lull you into a false sense of security so that you fall for the next twist in the tale!<br />A few characters wear their hearts on their sleeves but most have secrets and ulterior motives that were only beginning to be revealed when the show was axed.  What did the preacher do before he found religion and why does he know so much about crime? What's so special about the contents of River's head that the most powerful corporation in the universe wants her captured? <br />It seems like everything about this production just gelled from day 1, and the stories here rate alongisde the strongest Buffys and Angels -- and far outstrip what both those series acheived in their first years.<br />It seems Fox doesn't have the patience or know-how to turn an original series into a hit.  Here's hoping someone in TV Land sees sense following the upcoming movie and picks up this extraordinary show for a second series.<br />Don't be put off by the blending of Westerns with science fiction, or the links to Buffy if you're not a fan of that show.  Firefly transcends genres to produce truly original and entertaining television.  Check out the astounding number of positive reviews on this site if you don't believe me!
B00005JMCT|4.0|American Wedding, the third \\"American Pie\\" film, is loaded with alot of sex jokes and toilet humor (what passes for high-end comedy today) but I still laughed at most of them. That is probably the reason why this series is so popular. <br />American Wedding manages to make low brow humor appealing to a mass audience without making the whole film an exercise in stupidity. The cast does an excellent job and the writers create some really funny situations.
B00005ALP6|4.0|Henry Higgins (Rex Harrison), is a Professor of languages and a rather condescending and conceited man.  A visiting colleague, Colonel Pickering, makes him a wager that he can't take a commoner and turn her into a proper lady.  Higgins accepts this wager and transforms transform a very unrefined and dirty Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle (Audrey Hepburn) into a lady.  He succeeds. But when he takes all the credit and forgets to acknowledge her efforts, Eliza angrily leaves him for a young aristocrat. Suddenly Higgins realizes that he's grown accustomed her face and can't really live without it.<br />While the story behind this movie has been done by some many different filmmakers, only Audrey Hepburn can pull it off and make it a classic.
0671449028|5.0|I have been reading this book to my baby girl since she was 3 months old as part of her bedtime routine.  It has a lovely, sing-song quality to the rhymes that she loves. We have read this book so many times that I have it memorized and I can recite it in a quiet voice even when she is too sleepy to sit through a bedtime book (or if we are away from home).  The pictures are silly and cute, too.
B000063DHF|5.0|Simply put, the best Iron Maiden album ever made. If you consider yourself even romotely a Maiden fan, you already own this album.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|Sometimes sequels fail to make good on the promises of the original film- themes and nuances are dropped or forgotten, and the final product lacks the spark of the original. <br />Not so with X2, and credit has to fall with the return of director Bryan Singer and the entire cast- as well as several key crew members- to maintain the style and environment of the original film.<br />I think one of the reasons that the concept works is that the characters are not too powerful. For example, look at the Superman and Batman movies- how can you beat a guy who can turn the Earth on its axis? And how could Batman jump off buildings without a wire and land without a scratch? (Schumacher- I'm looking at you!) When Wolverine gets shot, sure he survives and his scar heals- but it HURTS. The characters are limited in their powers. Magneto may be the most powerful mutant on Earth, but without metal to manipulate- he's powerless. Pyro cannot create fire- only control it. It makes for a more interesting struggle than fighting a god. The characters have flaws and wants, they make mistakes and have dubious motivations.<br />The acting is wonderful. Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are old hats at Sci-Fi and they bring all their RSC training to lend authority and seriousness to the roles, setting the tone for the acting. Hugh Jackman shines in the role that made him a star with his usual charisma. Alan Cummings creates a wonderful physical character in Nightcrawler. A nice touch is the cameo by Bruce Davidson from the first movie- adding continuity. The addition of several student mutants are fun and exciting, and, most importantly, in small doses, just enough to get the point across without confusing the audience.<br />As demonstrated on the special features, the CGI was kept to a minimum. Most of the stunts were done by the actors themselves- Jackman, Paquin, Marsden, etc... and several shots, such as the ice wall exploding and the police car attack were done with traditional movie making methods, adding a touch of realism that makes watching the &lt;i&gt;Star Wars&lt;/i&gt; prequels and the &lt;i&gt;Matrix&lt;/i&gt; sequels look artificial and cartoonish.<br />The special features are a treat- in depth discussions about creating the Nightcrawler character both with makeup and body movements. Details on the Wolverine/Deathstrike fight and several deleted scenes as well as several behind the scenes moments fill the second disc.
B000002H6C|5.0|I had never even heard of Metallica when I bought this (tape) when it had just come out.  Oh my God.  Immediately with Blackened I was hooked.  I didn't feel like my ears were worthy of hearing metal that sounded so good.  I listened to this entire album and I was mesmorized. It was, and still to this day is the best Metal album that any band has ever released. EVER. Yes, Metallica has totally changed now, but this album defined just how talented these guys are. It's a crying shame they never again produced something as incredible as ...And Justice For All. It's the standard of which all other metal bands are measured against. If you don't own this CD what the heck is wrong with you!!!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Like it's predecessor, this DVD is jam-packed. I am pretty sure if you are reading this review, you have heard of or have seen this movie. I don't have to explain it. I will say if you loved the movie you owe it to yourself to get this DVD. It adds 40 min. of footage, there are TONS of special features, and it looks and sounds great. This is my favorite DVD of the year, by far. Highly recommended.
B0000DD7NL|1.0|I am sorry.....Girl! absolutely no talent.  The first track sounded like something off my grandmother's new Dolly Parton cd.  Come on! There was no bling! bling! in this thing! thing!  you know what i am sayin'  she totally came off trying to be like Aretha Franklin....who I must say is the true soul sister....she is in my house..uh huh! uh huh! As I got toward the middle I was like yo dog what is that.....chick be soundin' like stankie toes.  not to mention the attitude.  trying to come off all hard. aretha could put her in her place any day....all she would have to do is stick out hand. this wanna be soul sister is washed up and should look at another career.  really come on...how ironic she plays the piano and her last name is keys. peace out to the 10,000!
0385504209|1.0|I purchased this book because I read a review referencing it as a battle between good and evil. It was all evil. This book begins in error and ends in error. I.E.: Brown erroneously states that Jesus was only a great prophet. That Jesus was married to Mary Magdelene. That Mary Magdelene was expecting when Jesus was crucified and gave birth to a daughter, Sarah.  Brown gives verbal acceptance regarding the Knights Templar's sexual rituals and referenced those acts as a form of worshipping God. Brown states that the main character is a direct descendent of Jesus. (...)
0446677450|5.0|This book is one of the greatest books I have had the honor of reading, it is not a &quot;financial&quot; book. It is a story of how one man who had nothing becamse a success in the business world. If you think for one second its about &quot;Do this to make money&quot; book you are quite foolish. Its a wonder read with delightful humor and insightful pointers. Before starting and/or getting into business I recommend this book to anyone.
B0000DD7NL|5.0|This album is pure good. ALL the tracks are hot. I'm telling you. I'm not even saying this because it's Alicia Keys.  Before I bought it, my sister asked me if I'd listen to other tracks (I hadn't listened to any of the tracks but &quot;You Don't Know My Name&quot;). After buying it I was scared that I'd like only 5 songs...not true. When I listened to it on my discman and I got HOOKED. haha I can't help but listen to ALL the tracks. They are very old skool mixed with some new stuff.<BR>VERY NICE STUFF<br />I say, GRAB IT!!<br />among my favorites:<BR>HEARTBURN(lovely funk!)<BR>you don't know my name<BR>samsonite man<BR>so simple<BR>wake up<BR>if i ain't got you<BR>when you really love someone<BR>if i was your woman
B0000AMRJC|5.0|First of all,let me just say that I'm an absolute fan of this film classic and that it's now presented in a brand-new,beautifully restored,and excellent 20th Anniversary DVD release! The brand-new 2-disc DVD is perhaps the ultimate edition of SCARFACE than what you will ever see,that's because this version has been digitally remastered,has both 5.1 Dolby Sound and 5.1 DTS Stereo,and it's availible in both standard screen (1.33.1) and widescreen (2.35.1) versions.I chose the Widescreen version to see the spectacular cinematography by the late,great John Alonso and all of the action that helps makes this film excellent to watch! The first disc consists of the entire feature (170 mins) while the second disc consists mostly of great bonus features.The bonus features have four short documentaries (which features interview excerpts taken from the 1998 Collector's Edition DVD which is now out of print featuring Brian DePalma (director),Al Pacino (star),Martin Bregman (producer),and Oliver Stone whose script was inspired by his real-life addiction to cocaine!) plus an all-new documentary called DEF JAM PRESENTS:ORIGINS OF A HIP-HOP CLASSIC which chronicles the film's pop-culture status on the world of rap and hip-hop music with interviews from Jay-Z,P Diddy,Snoop Dogg,and others as they share their influences about the film.Deleted scenes are also included,but that's about all the bonus features that you will ever get on this DVD.That aside,the picture quality is absolutely sharp and clear since the '98 release had been poorly taken from a badly transferred print and had green stripe lines throughout most of it,and also the sound is excellent.It's one of the best DVD releases in a long time and that it was absolutely worth the wait! Get this classic on DVD before it too will be leaving the shelves as well!!
0375431624|2.0|Yes, this book was well written, however it can hardly be called a novel. It is more of just a longer short story with a very simple plot. This novel is also very short providing only a day or two of reading. All in all this book is definatly not worth all the money. I would reccomend buying another book to fill your time.
B0000DD7NL|5.0|Beautiful album by Alicia. She came out blazing on this album.  Her first album was decent at best and it put her on the map.  This album exceeds her last one imo.  To the hater Brandon that gave her one star....this is a review on her music....NOT her attitude or how you think she is as a person.  Quit sippin the haterade! Good music is good music and Alicia does it here.  One of the better albums I've bought in 2003 and I listen to alot of different kinds of music too! BUY IT!
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Why has everyone gone off britney spears? I think she is really great and I love her new album. My favorite songs are toxic and  Me agaisnt the music.The songs have a really good beat to them and I wish everyone would stop critising her and her album. She has done so well with her songs and I think we should be congratulating her instead of hating her!
0345452577|4.0|Nice to see a non-Alex Delaware novel, as Kellerman was losing his edge with this character.  It is nice to be introduced to a new, fresh face with similar characteristics, but complex in different ways than Delaware, character.  Great read - reads fast, a real page turner!
B00005JM02|5.0|&quot;Finding Nemo&quot; was truly a hit for Pixar! Its a wonderful movie that has it all. The characters are wonderful, especially Dory, who is extremely funny! The story line is also very good and the animation is awesome! I give it 5 stars!
B0000DD7LC|5.0|I hestitated getting this album, at first, because I didn't really care for the first single released, 'You Don't Know My Name'. Instead, I included this on my Christams Wish List and I'm glad someone got it for me.<br />Alicia Keys has outdone herself with the this release; I think I like it better than the first.<br />This is only the 2nd album (Mary J. Blige's 'What's the 411' being the first) I've ever purchased where I like ALL the tracks!<br />This is true R&amp;B with a lot of heart and soul. Alicia is in a league of her own with this one!!
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I must admit that I was not looking forward to the release of this DVD. The sadness I felt (and still honestly feel) about the death of George Harrison made me hesitate to watch this tribute to his life and music. It was not that I thought the performers or intent would be insincere. It was that the whole concert would be a painful reminder of Harrison's passing.<br />I found after Ravi Shankar's 'Arpan', that the rest of the concert was a breeze to get through, until Joe Brown's rendition of 'I'll See You In My Dreams'.<br />For those that are not familiar with classical Indian music, and that which was such a passion in George's life, Shankar's 'Arpan' may impress with its arrangement and technical precision and playing. But for those who do understand classical Indian's meanings and intents, 'Arpan' is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I have ever heard anyone compose for anyone. Classical Indian music is a conversation. A dialogue about life, death, God, and all within. 'Arpan' encapsulates everything Ravi Shankar felt about George Harrison. There are moments of celebration and joy, great grief and sadness, and throughout there is the mutual respect they had for eachother spoken in the music. The instruments tell about the life of George Harrison and what he meant to Ravi Shankar. For me, this is the part of the concert I have a very hard time watching. It moves me to tears. And I have to honestly say, the rest of the concert was easy and light compared to the first section of the show. Anoushka Shankar's rendition of 'Your Eyes' was also a major highlight. But appreciation of Indian music is fundamental in understanding the love that is expressed for George in these two songs.<br />For me, the star performers were Billy Preston, Ringo Starr, Monty Python and the host of the show, Eric Clapton. The professional and social relationships they had with George really shine through in their performances of his songs (mainly from his Beatles career and 'All Things Must Pass'), and my opinion of Eric Clapton shot up about 80% after watching this concert. He handled everything gracefully and with dignity, considering Harrison and Clapton's history, the obvious love he has for George makes him literally the star of the Western portion of this concert. He never overplays, he sings George's songs with great passion and consideration for their words. I could not find one single thing that marred Clapton's performance in this show. Not one thing. His shared vocal with Billy Preston on 'Isn't It A Pity' is one of the best moments of the show.<br />Ringo has always been with George. The two were practically inseparable in their solo careers. 'Photograph' takes on much more meaning in this rendition of it, and I'm sure Ringo found (and maybe still finds) this song a little hard to sing now.<br />All of the people on stage really knew George, and I find the exception is Paul McCartney. He may have knew him in The Beatles, but George the solo artist and man I don't think Paul knew at all. It is why I do find a slightly humourous irony that Paul plays piano on 'Wah Wah', and may not be familiar at all with who the song was about. And this may displease some, but I honestly did not like Paul's ukelele version of 'Something'. It made the song sound like a 'ditty'. It's not a ditty. It's one of the most beautiful contemporary songs ever written about being in love, and that its subject matter is as much about God as it may have been about Pattie Harrison does not lessen its power and impact. When Clapton (and band) play this song in its original format, I forget all about the ukelele version that opened it. Paul's rendition of 'All Things Must Pass' is much better. There's a slight sadness in the fact that he was unfamiliar with the song (even though he felt strongly enough 30 years ago to help reject it from the Beatles song catalogue).<br />A worthy purchase, and if this does one thing for all those who just wanted to see Ringo &amp;Paul perform together again, is that George Harrison is one of the most underrated musicians of his time. The concert barely skims the surface of how much great music that was written with heart &amp; soul by Harrison there is. If this show gets people interested to hear what else Harrison had to say, it'd be a long time coming.p; Paul perform together again, is that George Harrison is one of the most underrated musicians of his time. The concert barely skims the surface of how much great music that was written with heart &amp; soul by Harrison there is. If this show gets people interested to hear what else Harrison had to say, it'd be a long time coming.
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in a Shell is first class Manga entertainment with a positively techno-orientated feel to boot. The world that has been assembled for this movie will blow your mind and at times it feels like you are watching a live action film. The plot is certainly going to bend your intelligence in more ways than one as you must come to grips with a Neo-Tokyo that is home to humans, half-human/half-robots, full robot humans and ghosts that are a type of robot that exist in human form - all before the story even begins. The artwork here is outstanding and many of the action sequences can only be seen in this animation as the cost of a CGI movie done this way would probably be double or more that of the whole Matrix trilogy.<br /><br />The story revolved around a hacker that is hacking ghosts so that it can take control of the political and economic infrastructure of Neo-Tokyo. Ghosts, humans and half-human/half-robots set out to track the hacker down and along the way meet all sorts of conspiracies.<br /><br />Yes, GIAS has probably influenced nearly every modern techno-orientated sci-fi movie and certainly movies like The Matrix and games like Metal Gear Solid can not deny where their roots came from.<br /><br />Ghost in a Shell is not flawless and does end in a strange way that does not feel satisfying but you do not really care because what you are really watching here is the mega-fantasy and unbelievable animation that is on display.<br /><br />Ghost in a Shell looks visually stunning but is heralded mostly for its techno-philosophical storyline that plays out as brain candy for computer enthusiasts. There are many creative moments to be had and it has heavily influenced many films such as The Matrix and lots of popular directors such as Quentin Tarentino.<br /><br />The story revolves around cyborgs that are being hacked by the mysterious `Puppetmaster' to perform geo-political crimes. Cyborgs are sent out to track down and reveal the identity of the mystery hacker, with a shocking twist.<br /><br />Ghost in a Shell is up there with the likes of Ninja Scroll, Akira and Vampire Hunter D but is the most divergent of the four. Those expecting lots of action, or even a long Manga, will be disappointed. Ghost in a Shell is surprisingly short and there is more than a fair share of dialogue, politics and techno-jargon to get everyone's neurons firing on all cylinders. That is not to say that the action is absent. It is there, and done well, but not as plentiful as the other top Manga, especially during the second half which is mostly cyborgs talking about neural-stimulating ideologies.<br /><br />Ghost in a Shell will swirl your mind's eye.is up there with the likes of Ninja Scroll, Akira and Vampire Hunter D but is the most divergent of the four. Those expecting lots of action, or even a long Manga, will be disappointed. Ghost in a Shell is surprisingly short and there is more than a fair share of dialogue, politics and techno-jargon to get everyone's neurons firing on all cylinders. That is not to say that the action is absent. It is there, and done well, but not as plentiful as the other top Manga, especially during the second half which is mostly cyborgs talking about neural-stimulating ideologies.    Ghost in a Shell will swirl your mind's eye.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I first saw the big screen version of the concert (Disc 2) sometime in October 2003.  And I said to myself, got to have the DVD.<br />I used to take George's songs for granted  when I listen to them from a Beatle or a solo album. But this concert, performed by his friends, highlighted some of his compositions and made them truly special.  What could go wrong when you have musicians like Eric Clapton, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Jeff Lynne, Sam Brown, Anoushka and Ravi Shankar, Tom Petty, Billy Preston, Dhani Harrison and others all in one stage, giving all they got for the benefit of one beautiful friend (and father) - George Harrison.<br />This DVD/CD is better seen first than heard.  One needs to see the emotion as each artist performs a number to realize the beauty of this wonderful and star-studded concert.<br />Thanks George for your music.
B000059PPN|1.0|This is somewhere between ultra-bad and barely passable.<br />Lucio Fulci is known as a \\"hit or miss\\" director. Out of his fifty plus works some are great, others are outstanding, some are mediocre and the remaining, pure rubbish. Unfortunately this is one of Fulci's pure rubbish ones that is further spoiled immensely by Anchor Bay Entertainment's display cover of the secret monster than this film builds up too. Normally Anchor Bay is quite good and their DVD sets are super but this one has pretty much broken the golden rule of not giving certain things away on the sleeve - Bah!<br />Anyway the film itself is pure rubbish from start to finish and is about a family that move into a haunted house with a sinister presence at work, killing people off. The family try to figure out what is going on and their kid is having visions of a ghost that is trying to warn them of some danger. There is also a subplot involving a strange doctor that once lived in the house and who conducted experiments into prolonging life. Sounds good, but the execution is poor, slow and never really satisfying except for the ending which is not all that bad and helps earn it that one star.<br />In short, Fulci churned this one out quickly and for the money. He made several other films that same year. If Fulci had given this film a bit more of his precious time and attention we would have had an ace picture on our hands - a five star horror, but It feels rushed and contrived and much of the story is slow with lots of meaningless time filler stuff. In fact, and I hate to say it!, this horror film is one that deserves a remake... but no one can be blamed for that except Fulci who could have done it so much better instead of cashing in on the moment.
B0000E6I1J|5.0|I first saw the big screen version of the concert sometime in October 2003.  And I said to myself, got to have the DVD.<br />I used to take George's songs for granted  when I listen to them from a Beatle or a solo album. But this concert, performed by his friends, highlighted some of his great compositions and made them so special.  What could go wrong when you have musicians like Eric Clapton, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Jeff Lynne, Sam Brown, Anoushka Shankar, Tom Petty, Billy Preston, Dhani Harrison and others all in one stage, giving all they got for the benefit of one beautiful friend (and father) - George Harrison.<br />This DVD/CD is better seen first than heard.  One needs to see the emotion as each artist performs a number to realize the beauty of this wonderful and star-studded event. <br />Thanks George for the great gift of music that you left us.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|This CD of the smash new musical now leading the boxoffice in New York is a somewhat uneven representation of the best new Broadway score of the new millenium.  After the bland \\"Aida\\", the instantly dismissable \\"Producers\\", the quirky but annoying \\"Urinetown\\", and the pleasant but overwhelmingly derivative \\"Hairspray\\", Broadway has finally given up a score that moves and excites.  Admittedly, \\"Wicked\\" is at times somewhat done in by an overreliance on 70s pop sensibilities, but there's an energy and excitement to this score that even Sondheim rarely achieves.  It's a bit pokey in the early sections, but once Kristin Chenowith performs her charm number, the delightfully playful \\"Popular\\", the score comes into its own.  Chenowith has been given a huge share of the credit for the show's success but Idina Menzel, as the evil witch, holds her own and is the heart and soul of \\"Wicked\\".  From the lilting \\"I'm Not That Girl\\"  to her whirlwind turns on \\"Defying Gravity\\" and \\"No Good Deed\\", she brings passion and heartbreak to the lost Elphaba, Wicked Witch of the West.  The recording itself is, unfortunately, somewhat spotty.  The first duet for the two stars, \\"Loathing\\", is at times flat and at other times soaring.  Both of Joel Gray's songs as the wizard are hardly memorable, and the overlong \\"Dancing Through Life\\" is one sidetrack this show could do without.  In addition, some of the orchestrations rely too heavily on percussive bite, at the expense of rather delicate melodies.  Still, when the two stars are front and center, the show rises to skies.  The running theme of \\"Wicked\\" is not \\"good vs. evil\\" but rather, surface vs. substance, and how worthwhile people can sadly fail.  These dichotomies are ever present in the unlikely friendship forged by the two witches, and it's quite thrilling to have a substantial show built around female bonding and identity.  Chenowith and Menzel are the women to do the trick, and they turn \\"Wicked\\" into a passionate experience.  As theygo their separate ways in the eery but exciting \\"Defying Gravity\\", you sense the tragedies to come.  Chenowith tries to keep things light in \\"Thank Goodness\\" but, as the show's theme asserts itself, the score naturally turns dark and foreboding, meaning that Menzel's Elphaba takes center stage.  Her passion and rage on \\"As Long As You're Mine\\" and \\"No Good Deed\\" communicate a sense of loss that adds pathos to the proceedings.  This makes the witches' denouement, \\"For Good\\", both a satisfying and precisely right culmination of the show.  \\"For Good\\" is exquisitely tailored, and the stars bring a delicate honesty to their performances that is extremely moving.  Whatever its failings, it is in this moment that \\"Wicked\\" proves itself more than a sum of its parts.
B0000DZTIW|4.0|The Last Samurai followed the pace of Zimmer's 'Thin Red Line'. Although a bit similar, the Last Samurai carried the themes further on an emotional level. There are also familiar bits from 'Pearl Harbor' and 'Gladiator' that were not included in this commercial release soundtrack. But not too saturated with those themes.<br /><br />The Last Samurai does build a slow theme, but it is at much more satisfying momentum than other scores that through and jumble themes instantly. The first track 'A Way of Life' is a pure example of building pace.<br /><br />If you do want more, go to Hans Zimmer official site and they will have a couple bonus tracks to listen too. These are slight variations of the tracks from 'Ronin' to 'A Small Measure of Peace.'<br /><br />I did purchase this soundtrack before I have seen the movie.<br />Afterwards, I gave Zimmer's work much more appreciation. It reflected much of the peaceful tones and heated battles during the film. Apart from the film this score can stand alone.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The firefly series was one of a kind.  From the first episode, this series had action, humor, and most importantly heart.  As you watch each episode, you see more out of each of the characters as they grow throughout the series.  It's so hard to find that in any series.  I may sound like a crazed fan (and I am), but just watch this series in order and you'll see what I mean.  By the final episode, you care about these characters so much that you hate to see them go.  There was so much potential.  It was so sad to see them go.  It's nice that a movie is being made to possibly answer all those questions about the series, but (at least) another few more seasons is what this show deserved.  I wish fox would give it another chance on a decent night.  The acting, the writing, and execution by the people making it is extraordinary.  Buy this set and you will not be disappointed.  It is everything and more.  <br />&quot;Take my love,<BR>take my land, <BR>take me where I cannot stand.<BR>I don't care, <br />I'm still free.<BR>You can't take the sky from me.&quot;
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Joe Strummer was the heart and soul of one of the greatest bands of all time, The Clash.  With the Mescaleros, Sr. Strummer doesn't disappoint.  A man with a great voice, an artist in the studio, and a supreme knack for putting it all together.  Comfortable with punk, reggae, rockabilly, all out rock n' roll, there's nothing he couldn't do.  Great Britain's authentic gift to the world.  Rest in peace, Joe.
B000099T2L|4.0|I think fans of your typical rnb/pop synthesised music will be disappointed with her solo effort because Knowles is singing from the heart, with a few upbeat songs (ie, Crazy in Love -Baby Boy) but mostly, she is trying to prove to the public that there is a voice behind her beauty. And I dont think anyone can deny that the girl can sing. <br />At first sight, this album seems like a collection of ear-banging songs, loud and busy like Crazy in Love, exotic like Baby Boy and bouncy like Thats How I Like It but the album is more dimensional than floor filler like songs such as the ones mentioned above. With songs like 'Yes', 'Signs', 'Me,Myself and I', Beyonce shows that she can sing songs of substance and it is obvious that she has truly tried to display her voice in different ways (compare Yes with Signs) <br />The main letdown of this album is while there is an abundance of great songs, the pace slows down from tracks 11 onwards so the listener might feel like there was an anti-climax. <br />This album gets my vote for one of the albums of 2003 but like Justin Timberlake, can she deliver a brilliant follow-up?
6301969588|5.0|PLEASE bring this back into print in some format. VHS, DVD, I don't care. I love this movie but I just can't afford $50 plus S&amp;H for a used copy. The market it here, just give us the supply!
0452282152|4.0|I am not going to pretend to be an art historian here but in terms of literature and how Chevalier portrayed Griet's emotions, this book is an absolute success. It chronicles the tentative but crackling painter-model 'relationship' between Griet and her master, Griet's relationship with her family and an in-depth view of Griet's emotions laid bare. <br />Positive points: The way Chevalier communicates Griet's thoughts into convincing language makes the book worthwhile, even if it might seem hard to get into. <br />The intense description might seem off-putting but is brilliant in allowing the reader to feel part of 17th century Delft in the Netherlands. <br />Griet's character is a shy and enduring one. I felt my emotions run for her as she developed her love for Vermeer. <br />Negative points: While the relationship between Griet and Vermeer is developed, us hopeless romantics will be disappointed because they connect on an emotional and mental level, not on a physical one. This is the only slight niggle I had. <br />I hope the film lives up to the book
B000002TQV|5.0|This goes out to beattles fans, and specifially the charater who wrote the response regarding 90's music.  The beatles are one of the most over rated groups of all time.  This is because they were the first internationally famous pop group.  You should listen to most of their lyrics more closely.  Their music is called bubble gum pop, because most of it is mindless dribble.  The early to mid 1990's had some of best music surface since the mid 1970's.  If you are sixteen then that means you were 8 years old by the time the grunge movement had run its course.  Popular music has ridden a steady descent in quality since this time.  I can guarantee bands like pearl jam, radiohead, soundgarden, Phish, dmb, nirvana, and rage to name a few.  Your music knowledge is minimal.
B00005R87Q|5.0|i saw it today, and i totally fell in love with it! it's full of action. just...amazing. u need to watch it for yaself therefore i'm not goin to tell u anything in the movie.
B00008H2LB|1.0|Here come the keyboards!!!!!!!<BR>Here comes the 35 yr old rapper!!!!!!!!<BR>Here comes the same power chords played over and over!!!!!<BR>Here comes a screetchy singer complain about his relationships!!!<BR>Here comes 12 yr olds to the music store to buy this CD!!!!!!<BR>Here comes another HORRIBLE album by linkin park.
0613180771|5.0|This is a well-written expose of Japanese war crimes<BR>in Nanking China in the 1930s.  The event itself is<BR>widely accepted outside of Japan and has been documented<BR>in academia, journalism, even The History Channel.<br />It is suspicious that a host of &quot;readers&quot; with Japanese<BR>surnames have deluged Amazon with 1-star ratings of this<BR>book.  This does not reflect the sales or press reviews <BR>of the book.  Amazon should not be used as an outlet for extremists who submit bogus reviews.
B00009W0U4|4.0|I thought that this was a very well made film that has a good message. This movie is not made for entertainment purposes, so if your looking for a movie to entertain you, look else were. I am sure that everyone knows what the story is and heard that the movie is violent. Except for the opening sequence and the rape, the movie is not violent, but those parts will turn a lot of people away. I must say that I have a strong stomach and can take watch some pretty violent things with out having to look away. But as I watched the openings part in irreversible I had to look away at times, it is pretty brutal. So i only recommend this movie to people that have a strong stomach and to people who are looking for a good movie.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is a pretty good holiday album. I got this album only because of I'm Your Angel and The Prayer. Celine performes The Prayer with Italian Opera singer, Andrea Bocelli. This song was played at my grandparents' (on my mother's side) 50th Wedding Anniversary, where they renewed their wedding vows, back on May 14, 2000. 2 1/2 years ago, my grandfather sadly passed away. Everytime I hear this song, all I can see is him sitting in that church, so happy, and everytime I think about that, while listening to this song, I start to cry. It is such a beautiful song and it is a song that I will keep close to my heart forever. I'm Your Angel is performed with R. Kelly. I have also dedicated this to my late grandfather because the words fit perfectly. Buy this album and listen to those two tracks. You will listen to them over and over.
B0000B3B95|5.0|The Hulk is a really good movie! It may not have done well in Theaters and had bad reviews but its stil good! They were expecting it to lead up to Spider-Man's success,but don't expect it to be like Spider-Man or the 80s Hulk TV Series starring Bill Bixby. And it doesn't have the same line as the Comic book. But its still good for a true Hulk Fan! Its worth getting,but if you have your doubts always try renting it.
B00005JMCT|4.0|Ill sum it up in a couple of words. Excelleny movie, but where the hell is oz and every1 else?????????
B0000BWVCJ|5.0|X2 will blow you away! Its way better than the first oner and has alot better action,more X-men(including NightCrawler)and more Wolverine! And also the Phoenix story begins to warm up. If you weren't pleased with X-Men One,then this will change yourt mind completeley. If you haven't got it,then what are you waiting for!?
B00005JLXE|3.0|i recently bought daredevil on dvd, while its loaded with 2 disks of speacial features this movie just dosent deliever as it was put... this movie has ben affleck who i dont see as a superhero i see him ore the comedy as in chasing amy or the kevin smith series or playing an ex con in reindeer games. The movies action is so so not over the top and not to boring of a movie. just a plain pre summer action comic turned movie.. rent it if youve seen spiderman and x men and the hulk..
B00003CX5P|2.0|This movie is not that good compared to the Star Wars Trilogy. George Lucas should have spent more time on plannig episode One. The good parts are seeing Yoda again and a bunch of new faces. But Stars Episode One does not seem like it leads up to its trilogy.
B00005JKC3|4.0|another comic book turned movie... the late hulk movie about 20 years ago was a ed wood in my book but this one is loaded with cgi and just a good movie. better then daredevil the action is great except for the carried on begining... they dragged on the characters a little to much. well not as good as spiderman or x men it is deffetally a good movie to see on a boring day interesting tid bit that ang lee the director turned down the change to direct terminator 3 to direct this! COMPLETELY SURPRIZING but probably should have been
B000001E8P|5.0|I am not usually a fan of what could be termed &quot;Brit Pop&quot; - but since I heard &quot;Common People&quot; on a dancefloor 7 years ago now, i have been hooked on this album. Unfortunately, this album seems to have been Pulp's Magnum Opus because I found their previous and subsequent albums of a significantly lesser pedigree. I believe that most bands have one seminal work in which the music, lyrics and performance all comes together - this album is it. Slightly tacky, lots of fun, wicked, aggressive and highly creative - all at once. A must have.
B00000K19E|5.0|what can i say this is the matrix the movie that has spawned movies with CGI a the great bullet time. it also spawned scary movie. now to the movie this movie takes its toll on two different worlds the computer world controlled by machines as the world is destroyed. and the world as we know it called the matrix. very orginal story the wachoski brothers are a great pair. Keanu reeves is good and so is laurence fishburne and carrie ann moss. great action from start to finish never bores you. leads to 2 sequels and a video game. The movies soundtrack is also one that no other movie couldve handled praise this movie as it gave birth to CGI
B00005AQGH|1.0|I bought dis cd. Its bad. All of 2pacs death row stuff is bad bad bad bad bad!! II hate dis. Get Me against tha world instead its probubly 2 pacz bezt cd eva. It only has 2 bad songs but the rest arent dat bad. so get dat instead.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|to some this movie was a bore but i loved it great music and great scencs how someone could not lik this movie is beyond me, sure it didnt have non stop action lik the first one but it wasnt intendted to it was the second movie in a triolgy just lik lord of the rings two towers it was explaning more of the story then gettting to the straight action just yet. im glad that this wasnt as long as two towers either because that would have effected me quiet abit as i dont think that movies should be more then 3 hours long espically a sequel all in all this movie has great action and a great soundtrack
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool are amazing, admitenly this is my only cd of theirs i own and ive only heard the whole album of Opiate besides this. But Id be a fool not to say that these guys are kick ass perfect musicians! I love Maynard's voice very much, its just really heart touching and peircing! Adam Jones kicks major ass at guitar, no questions there. Danney Carrey is an amazing drummer, and Justin Chancellor plays a mean bass. All in all Tool is definently one of the best if not actually the best band to come out within the 1990's and still holds the title as best band today! the transitions are amazing, the changes of time signatures, the dynamics, each concept behind the songs and Maynards unique vision are what make these guys equal perfection! definently worth your money, BUY IT!
B000005RTG|5.0|Whichever line-up you prefer, it has to be said that Deep Purple remained a tight and powerful unit even after the classic Blackmore-Gillan-Glover-Lord-Paice version had fractured. 1973-75 were uneasy years for the group, and &quot;Come Taste the Band&quot; is the best album from this shaky put productive era. Guitarist Ritchie Blackmore had gone by this time, preceeded in 1973 by bassist Roger Glover and lead screamer Ian Gillan. Their respective replacements were the late Tommy Bolin, Glenn Hughes, and David Coverdale, steered by faithful members Jon Lord and Ian Paice, to make this solid and charged effort.<br />&quot;Come Taste the Band&quot; is often tight and limited in its structures, which actually helps the songs achieve their heights. It rocks ('Dealer'), it rolls ('You Keep On Moving,' 'Comin' Home'), it swoons (Bolin's interesting 'Owed To 'G,' a section of the track 'This Time Around'). The production is very meticulous and as a result, is very fitting to DP's brand of hard rock. In addition, much of the material translated very well onto the live stage, as many of the songs would become thrilling pieces of Deep Purple concerts throughout the brief remainder of their 70s career (see &quot;This Time Around: Live in Tokyo '75&quot;).<br />Its predecessors, &quot;Burn&quot; and &quot;Stormbringer,&quot; were fine efforts, but neither have aged as well as &quot;Come Taste the Band.&quot; Upon first listen, without knowing the history, this album hardly sounds as if it were recorded by a band that was ready to buckle under professional and personal pressures. Rather, it sounds like a band just getting started, mainly because it's not as complex as earlier efforts. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case, and &quot;Come Taste the Band&quot; would be Deep Purple's last album for nearly a decade.
B00005JLYW|5.0|This sequel is one of the best....all 3 angels are fantastic and funny!!!  All are beautiful and really make these movies work!!! Lucy Liu = Excellent movie!!! Diaz and Barrymore=also help take this version to a fantastic level..that even the series could not have dreamed of doing back then. Seeing Bruce and Demi in the same movie was kinda nice.....the FX was great..and the new Bosley was hilarious and great also!! The whole cast was enjoyable and did very well!! This is a must get DVD!!!
B00001ZULV|4.0|The only problems are that they don't have enough songs on here and that some of them are edited down.(Although I didn't mind seeing \\"Abacab\\" and \\"Mama\\" being edited down.) There is a lot of the pop music on here that defined their 80's work, which is a big plus for me. There weren't a heck of a lot of \\"Gabriel-era\\" singles out to put on a hits-album that aren't chosen simply because they're fan-faborites, so there should be little complaining there. But, if I could design this CD compliation, with at least 1 song from each album regardless of chart position, this is what it would be.<br />                   Disc 1<BR>1. When The Sour Turns To Sweet.<BR>2. The Knife<BR>3. The Musical Box<BR>4. Watcher of The Skies<BR>5. Firth of Fifth<BR>6. I Know What I Like(In Your Wardrobe.)<BR>7. The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway.<BR>8. In The Cage.<BR>9. Dance On A Volcano<BR>10. A Trick of the Tail<BR>11. Eleventh Earl Of Mar.<BR>12. Your Own Special Way.<BR>13. Wot Gorilla?<BR>14. Supper's Ready(From Second's Out.)<BR>15. Down and Out<BR>16. Follow You, Follow Me.<BR>17. The Carpet Crawlers 1999<br />                     Disc 2<br />1. Turn It On Again.<BR>2. Misunderstanding<BR>3. Duchess<BR>4. Abacab<BR>5. No Reply At All.<BR>6. Paperlate<BR>7. Mama<BR>8. That's All<BR>9. Invisible Touch<BR>10. Tonight, Tonight, Tonight<BR>11. Land of Confusion<BR>12. In Too Deep<BR>13. Throwing It All Away<BR>14. No Son of Mine<BR>15. Jesus, He Knows Me<BR>16. I Can't Dance<BR>17. Hold On My Heart.<BR>18. Congo<BR>19. The Shining Sun
B0000CDLA7|3.0|I'm not too happy with this new DT cd....and they are my fave band.<BR>This time around they exagerated the technical level and totally neglected the melodic side which is what I like the most about them.<BR>Don't get me wrong, the songs aren't bad, but I'm also a musician (I've played guitar for 20+yrs) and I doubt non-musicians will appreciate it as much as I.<BR>The only song I liked is Vacant.<BR>Another thing worth mentioning is the (for the most part) lack of keyboard parts; most of the album is John Petrucci's heavy guitar riffs mixed with very fast never-ending scales and the always unbelievable drum parts Mike Portnoy knows how to perform very well; but they do make the disc sound like a guitar/drum method for heavy metal progressive techniques!<BR>If I was Jordan Rudess, I'd get insulted and I would quit the band, because I could not find any interesting keyboard part in the whole album worth mentioning, and I'm under the impression that John and Mike, who produced it, forbid him to have any composition input on the disc. It's like this time they wanted to take DT to a more Pantera-Metallica direction.<BR>I liked 6 Degrees better.<BR>My favorite will always remain Images &amp; Words.<BR>James Labrie is an incredible singer and, to me, is worth the price of this disc alone.<BR>His voice, like Steve Perry and Steve Hogarth from Marillion keeps sending chills down my spine.<BR>Hopefully, the next one will be a tad more tastefully put together.<BR>Guys, we know you can play (to mention a phrase that appears on a couple of Steve Vai's songs), but I think on this one you missed the melody factor altogether.<BR>Secret Sphere's Scent Of Human Desire stole your spot for disc of the year, in my opinion, and I'm going back to listen to it.
B0000024W3|4.0|I can't believe Dylan himself panned this album! It's hard to argue with that, but I'd like to anyway. In a nutshell, Self-Portrait is a chronicle of Dylan kickin' back, unwinding, enjoying the country air, taking a load off. Possibly dealing the corporate world a joker, to see just what they'd do with it? Listen to the Basement Tapes, Nashville Skyline, and The Band's Music From Big Pink before even trying to approach this album. The landscape will then seem quite familiar: the laid-back country blues of Living The Blues, the timeless balladry of Days of '49. the gentler side of the great man in Early Mornin' Rain. Yes, there are clunkers on this album. In Search of Little Sadie is an interesting experiment in melody gone embarassingly awry, and All the Tired Horses, while lush and poignant, only needed to be about a minute long. The heart of the album is his cover of &quot;Copper Kettle,&quot; ostensibly the narration of a bootlegger. Here Dylan is clearly reveling in his bucolic idyll: &quot;You'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright..&quot; It's the anthem of his Woodstock sojourn if there were such a thing. At least one reviewer has noted that the Isle of Wight tracks peppered throughout break up the continuity of the album; think of the album as a documentary and I think the puzzle pieces fit together a little more nicely, all spread out to give you a feel of the larger picture. The so-called &quot;lackluster&quot; Isle of Wight performances sound just like the Dylan and Band I would expect from this period: laid back, more than a little bluesy. It sounds like they might even be- gasp- enjoying themselves. Just perfect. To sum it up, leave it behind if you would be disappointed by anything less worthy than Blonde on Blonde. But if you are already into The Band, or american roots music, or dig Bob's country stylings, this album may surprise you.
B000002C1W|1.0|A momentary lapse of reason is exactly what this work is.  The departure of Pink Floyd from Pink Floyd is something truly sad.  When I listen to songs like Julia Dream or A Pillow of Winds or even Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast, and then I listen to this monstrosity!  It makes me want to cry.  The Final Cut should have been, since then it's been a downward spiral.  They gave up on art and opted for being ROCK ICONS, a damnable pity if there ever was one.
0688156819|5.0|The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories is a great book for anyone who is a fan of Burton's, into humorously demonic things, or just likes a good laugh.  It is written for many people at the ages of ten and up.  It's easy reading and enjoyable.  I really loved this book because not only did it come from a great mind but was funny, cute, and in a way scary at the same time.  Tim Burton is a great writer.  If you liked Edward Scissorhands, Beetlejuice, and The Nightmare Before Christmas, you will surely love this book.  I encourage you to read it, its worth your time.
B00005JMGL|5.0|Peter Pan is one of those wonderful stories that everyone knows, even if they have never read the book. It is also one that, like its protagonist, never grows old. The tale probably reached its widest audience with the well-known musical stage version starring Mary Martin (and most recently Cathy Rigby) as well as the Disney cartoon version of the early 1950s. There apparently was a silent film adaptation made at some point but aside from that there has never been a plain, non-musicalized live action version on the big screen. That is, until now. The result is truly spectacular. The filmmakers have been fortunate in finding young actors and actresses with exactly the right look and temperament for the main characters (that of course, being Peter and the three Darling children, Wendy, Michael and John). Young Jeremy Sumpter, playing Peter Pan, is particularly impressive, instilling the part with just the right amount of boyish mischievousness without going over the top. His relationship with Wendy (played by talented Rachel Hurd-Wood) is very believeable; despite reviews to the contrary, there is nothing that parents should object to. The rest of the cast, (with the sole exception of the young woman in the role of Tinkerbell, whose only direction was apparently to act as obnoxiously as possible) is ideal as well. Captain Hook is a delightfully menacing enemy, Smee is the usual goofy sidekick, and the infamous ticking crocodile is in rare form. It's nice to see an old classic return with a bit of polish, and boy does it shine.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Cliche? Yeah, so what. I have, unquestionably, spun OK Computer more than any other album ever put to celluloid, and it still feels as fresh as ever. It is, yes, a masterpiece for the ages.<br />Why? Well, for one, the music itself is technically superb. Most of the songs are utterly complex with fascinating harmonies and brilliant instrumentation; the spectrum of emotion the album carries is far and wide with lyrics that always invite multiple interpretations and beautifully capture every bit of feeling the music itself displays. I COULD go on...<br />... however, for an album to remain a favorite, I think it ultimately has to do with how it simply makes you feel, all technicalities aside. OK Computer, for some reason, produces a spark in me, a spark of Spirit, of Humanity, of Myself. Yes, this may indeed seem strange given the album is largely synthetic and, hmmmm, &quot;futuristic-sounding&quot;. However, for me, that's why it's so damn amazing: it has an artificial gloss to it, but the underlying feeling is always very Human, very touching. I believe this is the effect Yorke was going for, and he succeeds on every account.<br />And, like I said, the album is pretty eclectic in its moods. &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is probably the most bizzare (and complex) song on the album, and lyrically perhaps the darkest and most tragic. Likewise, &quot;Exit Music&quot; is a pretty depressing piece (and, while very good, is probably my least favorite on the album). On the flip side, songs like &quot;Let Down&quot; and &quot;No Surprises&quot; are what give this album a Heart, and provide for sudden bursts of extreme consciousness when listening (OK, ok... That's too far. But you get what I'm going for, right? Riiiiight?) Somewhere in between, then, you have the observant and critical &quot;Karma Police&quot; and &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot;, while pieces like &quot;Climbing up the Walls&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; are simultaneously uppers and downers.<br />I guess, hmmmm... OK Computer makes me feel connected on a deep level. Perhaps more than any other album I've ever heard. I feel at one with the Human race, in an uncertain and disconnected world filled with technology, but still containing the potential for sheer beauty, wonder, and communion. I feel the excitement of the unknown marvels that lie ahead with our universe, and the neo-soundscape Radiohead portrays here captures that perfectly.<br />Bottom line, what I write doesn't matter; it's an easy 5 stars. People here trying to get the rating to bump up to 5 stars on Amazon.com should give it up, since we all know like 50% of the albums on the site have an average of 5 stars anyway. This one, on the most critically harsh level, though, truly deserves it.
B00000E7Q6|3.0|This is an album that needs to grow on someone. The album is filled with catchy and not so catchy jazz sounds.The song that attracted me to this album was \\"They Say Jump\\". Not every song was modeled after this track. I still enjoyed the album and it follows the trendy production stylings of Nile Rodgers (also produced \\"Cosmic Thing\\" From the B52s and an member of the 70's group Chic) This was an album that displayed alot of brass horn parts. The bad thing about the horns,they are the jazziness tones that polute the album. Although, I do respect David Bowie for this wondering in genres and I feel this makes him one of the most versital artist in the last 30 years. I don't think that the soul and jazz of the 90's really fit him. The duet with Al B Sure(Black Tie White Noise), which at the time was a million dollar artist, was not a match made in heaven. <BR>In contrast,There is some good tracks on this album the wonderfully done instrumental \\"The Wedding\\" was one of the songs the jazz feel worked well with. \\"They Say Jump\\" is a wonderfully lyrically rebelous track and one of my favorite Bowie songs.<BR>This album also contains a flowing mellowness that is really quite relaxing. This album was not all bad but not his best. Much like most artist,the songs are hit and miss. Some tracks where made to be a single and some wasn't.
B00008J4P5|5.0|Definately not my favorite of their 4 albums, but still a 5 star album.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I confess when I watched the first &quot;Firefly&quot; episode that Fox put on the air (&quot;The Train Job&quot;), I didn't totally get it.  An Old West-style train robbery in the future?  Later I realized that tweaking genres is Joss Whedon's trademark, and it's great fun.  Why did this show get cancelled???<br />Even if you saw all the shows when they were broadcast, this DVD set is well worth the price.  The three unaired episodes are every bit as good as the rest.  Not to mention the &quot;making of&quot; feature and the deleted scenes (now I know why the ship is named Serenity).  Die-hard fans (I am one now) will want to listen to the commentaries and get a kick out of the gag reel. <br />The &quot;Firefly&quot; DVD release is a chance to appreciate the terrific writing, appealing cast of characters, clever cinematography and musical score-- whether you've ever seen the show or not.  Oh, and you can learn to swear in Chinese.
0385504209|2.0|The book starts off interestingly enough, but lapses into a breathlessly conspiratorial style of story-telling that gets pretty tiresome after awhile.  Brown's penchant for throwing in explanations of myriad bits of symbology, apparently for entertainment rather than embellishment, eventually proves distracting, too.  Furthermore, the plot device of the &quot;evil Church&quot; ruthlessly and violently suppressing information supposedly &quot;dangerous&quot; to its existence is getting pretty over-used these days.  (The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Nag Hammadi manuscripts have been part of the public domain for a long time now, so I doubt the Church is really too worried about them at this point.)  And frankly, I found the trotting out of a mish-mash of various conspiracy theories propounded by numerous esoteric and occult societies of the late 19th and early- to mid-20th centuries, presented in this novel as purportedly widely-known and accepted history, a bit much.  I hope most readers have the good sense to remember that this is fiction and not take this all too seriously...or at least do their homework first!<br />Overall, I thought Umberto Eco did a much better job with this subject matter in Focault's Pendulum.  It is a much more subtle, albeit dense, presentation, but in many ways much more entertaining, and has a considerably more eerie and sinister flavor to it.
0743490304|5.0|The book (like his others) is a great who-dun-it.  I couldn't put it down.  This one didn't leave me guessing until the end like DaVinci Code though.  Also, like DaVinci, the ending left me wanting.  This is certainly an easy read.  The style makes it an excellent bedside book for those that just want to finish the chapter before turning out the light!
B0000CFW87|5.0|It is so nice to hear a beautiful voice sing new songs to listen to.  I can understand all the words (in  English, of course) and enjoy my kind of music.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This extended version is better than the one for the first movie.  Some of the additions to this one help explain why other things happen later.  They also help develop some of the characters more.  Excellent movie and DVD set!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This collection of #1 hits is an unlikely Desert Island choice for me, but what other collection of rock 'n roll songs can unite all living generations and give the somewhat guilty pleasure of knowing the names of the #1 pop song as well as being able to sing along!<br />It is great to have all these old favorites here on one CD, to hear the Beatles musicianship and production skills develop and mature with time, and to provide a starting point for new younger listeners to explore the Beatles varied, rich and prolific catalogue.
0385504209|5.0|This was the first Dan Brown book I read.  It's great.  His weaving of fiction with non-fiction is excellent.  There were excellent twists in the story and the final realization of who the bad guy was really suprised me.
0345452577|1.0|Jonathon Kellerman is one of my favorite authers, and his last two books have been his best in years.  But with Conspiracy Club he has totally missed the mark.  This book is slow paced, the main character (Jeremy Carrier) is totally uninteresting.  I've read about 100 pages and nothing has happened!  I can only read a few pages at a time before I start getting sleepy.  I had to put the book down, I couldn't finish it.  I may go back to it but not right away.  What a bummer.  If you're looking for something to put you to sleep pick this book up.  Everyone else should just leave it alone.  Hopefully Kellerman's next book will be up to his earlier standards.
B0000DZ3EA|4.0|The big miss here is nothing from album II. Album II features some great tracks, but most of all it is important because of the production work of Robert Fripp, making it a landmark album in Gabriels' musical journey, begining to shape the sound of things to come. \\"On The Air\\", \\"DIY\\", would have made HIT an excelent overview of Gabriel's musical journey.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Read any and all positive reviews here and you may very well get an idea of what kind of effect this album has had on an entire generation.  The very first time I listened to this album I stopped everything I was doing and just sat down and listened.  I was immediately enthralled, and subsequent spins have revealed loads of emotions and superb songwriting.  Why this album does not have a solid, collective 5-star-rating is absolutely baffling to me.  I could note specific songs that I like more personally, but seriously, this whole album is outstanding.
B00006AUIG|3.0|The 2001 psychological thriller \\"Session 9\\" is, quite simply, a character study. This small, independent film generated a nice buzz and it's not difficult to see why many enjoy its creepy allure. \\"Session 9\\" is certainly not a horror classic, but it's not a bad film either. An unusual atmosphere and a handful of terrific performances boost this little chiller, but a muddled screenplay and a predictable ending place this in the realm of an above average \\"Night Gallery\\" episode.<br />A motley cleanup crew is hired to remove asbestos from a huge, abandonded asylum - an extraordinarily creepy building with dark tunnels, eerie metal tables and barred rooms decorated with the unsettling graffiti of past patients. The crew arrives, among them David Caruso, Peter Mullan and Josh Lucas, and each is carrying their own load of mental baggage. From failed relationships to domestic abuse, these men are haunted by the stress of messy lives. Mixed with the rigors of the job and the growing menace of the weird location, they begin to crack in small, uncomfortable ways.<br />I like the performances of Caruso and Mullan, two excellent actors. As longtime comrades, their characters eventually begin to distrust one another, and group stability collapses. Caruso should be applauded for continuing to do interesting work in small films such as this. For the most part, he's survived the \\"NYPD Blue\\" blunder, and his work in \\"Session 9\\" is earnest. <br />The location work of \\"Session 9\\" is incredible. Reportedly filmed at an abandonded hospital in Maryland, the set itself is so realistic that it could only be an actual site. It's too bad the filmmakers didn't have the screenplay to back it up. Hazy and frustrating, the story stumbles along while utilizing confusing flashbacks and a hidden tape of a patient with split personalities.<br />I suppose comparisons to \\"The Blair Witch Project\\" (isolated people cracking under the pressure) and \\"The Shining\\" (isolated people in a creepy building) areaccurate. But \\"Session 9\\" is not as good as either one of those films. I respect director Brad Anderson for essentially carting a handful of actors to a remote spot and creating a well-acted little chiller. Undoubtedly the locale is unforgettable, but the film is disappointingly predictable.
B000002GEY|1.0|Oh how dissapointing that Supertramp went down the road of bubblegum, seeking middle of the road AM play.  They used to be so good, but followed up their excellent albums (Crime of the Century and Crisis, What Crisis?) with the boring, flat Event in the Quietest Moments and the even worse Breakfast Over America.  This is a totally forgettable album.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Just buy the DVD, you shouldn't need anymore than that. And what is up with FOX, I say we boycott there TV station (not the news station, but the show one) thats right we boycott them, meaning not watch any of there programs untill they bring back firefly, plus emails can be powerful. So i say power to the people FOX is always cutting good shows and leaving the dumb boring shows on the air well lets confront them on it. So you can start by buying the DVD and let the big CEO's at FOX eyes pop out when they see how much money they missed out on. So buy the DVD and enjoy it.
B000002GEV|5.0|I loved this album when I bought it many years ago and still love it now, it was one of the first CD's I purchased when I finally got a CD player.  In my mind Supertramp only produced two good albums (Crime of the Century and Crisis, What Crisis?), but what great albums they were and continue to be. I have long since discarded my Even in the Quietest Moments and didn't even buy Breakfast Over America when I heard the Logical Song (what a peice of boring bubblegum tripe).  Crime of the Century is Supertramp at their best, put simply, it rocks.
0714843377|3.0|This book creates an interesting parallel between advertising and success.  The author obiously has very extensive knowledge of advertising as he refers to it on almost every page.  It is an informative book and gives great insight to the world of creativity and how to use it to your advantage regardless of what or who you work for.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|This movie tried way too hard to be deep and meaningful. It felt really forced and it didn't keep my interest at all. I loved the first one so incredibly much, this was a major disapointment. Sure, you can dig into it and find all the profound things you want but the movie just didn't go anywhere. The graphics and effects were way too good for the poor quality of the story... Skip this one and go to the third.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Disregard my previous review! This album deserved 5 stars! I apologize for not realizong this sooner. It just hit me this morning. I don't know why it took all this time, but It finally grew on me. So please forgive me, I have seen the light! I now LOVE this album! Go! Buy it! NOW!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I am a DVD fanatic and tend to buy the collections of series I especially enjoy.  My husband knew how much I loved FIREFLY and thoughtfully gave it to me for Christmas.  I spent two evenings relishing every moment of these episodes and believe me--if you enjoyed the series, you will be in ecstatic with this set.  Not only are the special features really SPECIAL, but there are 3 episodes included which never aired.  I love this set and I will watch it again and again.  IMHO, this show had the potential to be even better than Whedon's BTVS or ANGEL.  What a crying shame that FOX never supported or promoted the show as it deserved to be.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|Afterglow continues on in an even more mellow tone than Surfacing. Overall the CD is good, but not as good as Fumbling. There is no edge or humor to any of the music. Fallen is probably the strongest song, but I prefer Stupid, Train Wreck and Push.
B00006L7XQ|3.0|I love Johnny Cash but he never should have made this album all it does is make you sad for what he used to be. I gave it three stars just because its Johnny and no one could touch him in his prime.
0385504209|1.0|Yet another attempt to defile the person of Christ.I threw it out.
B00005JKHP|5.0|I'm not afraid to admit that I love this movie! For some reason the critics seem to think it is slooooow paced. My question to the critics is what's wrong with that? Not every movie has to have the, whats now known as, the \\"MTV Edit\\" of quick, flashy edits. I like a movie that takes it's time. This DVD is PACKED with GREAT extras! The other special edition Trek movies that recently came out are loaded with extras too, but nothing like this DVD. I love the TV spots and the documentaries! Great nostalgia and awesome interviews! Notably absent from the interviews is Leonard Nimoy. Also I had no idea they had plans to make another Trek series back in the mid seventies. They even show test shots of the would be new cast (featuring Persis Khambatta who would have played Ilia on the show!) and the new sets on this DVD! Very interesting stuff! They were way ahead of their time. TNG was still over 10 years away from being made at this point. <BR>Star Trek The Next Generation \\"borrows\\" a lot from this movie. From the intellectual story telling, the theme song, the uniforms, and Jonathan Frakes owes his career as Riker to Commander Decker. <BR>This movie has been labeled a \\"bomb\\", but critics should know that this movie was the 3rd highest grossing movie of 1979 and it came out in December of that year! It made more money than the original Alien and Apocalypse Now! Both of those movies are considered classics. The new CG shots are amazing! They really add to the film! V'Ger is no longer just a cloud in space, but is now a massive probe looking for it's creator! The only drawback to this version is there is 7 minutes cut out. I would've liked to have seen maybe an egg (like T2) where you can watch the original version and/or the television version. But that is a minor point. <BR>So, just relax (forget the MTV flashy edit style movies of today) and indulge yourself in this bit of Star Trek history!
B00004RF9B|5.0|The movie deserves 5 stars, but, What happen with the companies that release DVD's???. They don't see that the latin market is a masssss market?????????????<br />Sorry for this excellent and other excellent movies that can not see our latin friends.
B00006AW2M|2.0|This is so far the worst of the SACD remasters I've heard. In fact the snoring in the middle of the CD actually woke me up. What was this supposed to achieve? Is it an attempt to copy Magical Mystery Tour? The covers are similar but thats were it ends. I like the stones but this shows that they really were musical midgets compared to the beatles.The best track on this is shes a rainbow and the rest is a muddled mess.For music it gets 40% and recording 75%.
B0000029GA|5.0|When Nasir jones released &quot;Illmatic&quot; in 1994, he released the best hip-hop performance in history and yes it deserves to be the best rap album of all time, because this 9 track album plus intro has the most provoking lyrics you will ever hear, from his first verse of the incredible &quot;N.Y state of mind&quot; he say..&quot; rappers i monkey flip'em with the funky rythem I be kicking/musician/inflicting compostion&quot;...... and later on he adds to the greatness of the song by saying  &quot;Inhale deep like the words of my breathe/ I never sleep because sleep is the cousin of death&quot; in every song Nas spits his usual fire, the classic &quot;it ain't hard to tell&quot; has to be one of the best hip-hop tracks ever, the presence of AZ in &quot;life's a bi***&quot; makes that song even better by saying &quot; even though we know we all gotta go, but as long as we leaving thieving we'll be leaving with some kind of dough&quot; after comes &quot;the world is yours&quot; which is personaly is my fav song on the album, It also has a great beat with usual good lyrics by Nas, &quot;halfime&quot; which is a song having Nas spitting his hot ryhmes, simply put, this will go down as the best hip-hop record of all time, it's well worth the money.
B00004I9VE|1.0|&quot;SACD&quot; stands for &quot;super audio CD&quot; and means that it likely will NOT play on your CD player UNLESS you've spent extra money for a special system.  Amazon.com does not say anywhere what &quot;SACD&quot; stands for or what having an SACD actually means to you, the end-of-the-line user.  If, on the other hand, amazon.com DOES inform you, the information is buried so obscurely in the website you'll likely NOT figure it out until after you have the product in your hands and it's too late to do anything about it.
B00006V9A0|3.0|I did not purchase this cd but a friend of mine did.  Why would I need to when i have their other cds.  I knew what songs would probably be on it before it was released.  I heard &quot;you know you're right&quot; performed live by seether.  It was great live and it is an ok studio track, but it is not worth however much they are selling it for these days.  I've read other reveiws calling this compilation a nirvana for dummies.  Dont even bother with this one, if you want a beginner nirvana album, go with &quot;nevermind&quot;, then proceed from there.  Or if you like the band then go ahead and pay for the album. At least members of the greatest band since the beatles will make more money, hopefully kurt's share won't go to courtney love.<br />Also, I read your remarks on one &quot;fred dursts number one fan&quot; the name alone should tell you that anything he or she has to say would not be earth-shattering, honestly at first when i read some of their reviews, i thought he/she was the biggest imbecile i had ever read anything on, but the more i read into them, the more i realized it was probably just a very cynical reviewer who is making light of the present pop culture situation, remarking very dryly how bands such as Limp Bizkit(dont get me started on dursts horrific redition of &quot;behind blue eyes&quot;), Puddle of Mudd and Staind are among the biggest sellers these days. As history has shown us, most of the times the biggest sellers are usually not the best acts, perhaps with the exception of the sontes, the beatles, and led zeppelin.  but the fact remains, acts such as 50 cent are the norm today, who can rap about money and b**ches and cars and bullets or whatever, he is nothing but a reflection of the sorry state of our society.  pray for a rock and roll renaissance, it has to get better than this.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|Anyone who does not think Cher is the true Diva of all time is thoroughly confused and misinformed. She paved the way for all the other wannabes....except she did it with class not crass like....ahem...Madonna, Britney etc. There is only ONE authentic diva and it is Cher. This is a brilliant overview of her career and shows her many faceted sides. A tender memory of \\"Sonny and Cher\\" included in it. This perfomance starts with Gayatri Mantra that, if you look it up....is the goddess of music and the arts etc, and tells of the link between all life (as does her song \\"A Different Kind Of Love Song\\", <br />MANTRA: <BR>Aum Bhur Bhuva Svah <BR>Tat Savitur Varenyam <BR>Bhargo Devasya Dhimahi <BR>Dhiyo Yo Naha Prachodayat<br />  O Lord, You are the protector of life and of breath, dispeller of miseries and bestower of happiness. <BR>You are the creator and the most acceptable intelligence, possessing eternal qualities. <BR>May Your qualities and Your inspiration pass to us. <br />This is truly a gift from Cher..but you have to research that mantra and see what else it says to see the connectedness to Cher and her life and this performance. It is not mentioned on the video...but being I have to know the purpose everything and what the relevanceis...I knew Cher was saying something to all of us so of course I looked it all up. <br />Awesome costumes , awesome dancers and performers...AWESOME PERFORMANCE!
B00005N5S5|5.0|This is Arnold Schwarzenegger's best film yet. It's about a robot from the future(Arnold's charictor)who has been sent back though time by an evil computer called &quot;Skynet&quot; to kill a young women named Sarah Coner(Linda Hamilton)because of her unborn child John Coner, Skynets rival. Sarah only hope is a man named Kyle Resse. Great acting by the entire cast. Arnold makes a perfect villion. This is the best of the three films. If they make Terminator4 (which they probuly will) they should make Arnold evil again(and I'm not counting those 2 mintues of Terminator 3 where he was evil). Great film, good for anyone.
B00005JMTN|5.0|Wow!! Big Fish was just brilliant. I loved every second of it. Tim Burton is just a genius, the man doesn't faile to entertain. Ewen Mc Gregor is now one of my favorite actors, i find him extreamly underated. Steve Buschemi was so funny in this move. The movie made me laugh, cry, think.........it was just incredible. DON'T MISS IT
B0000AK7AB|1.0|Commercials on DVDs are nothing new.  Annoying though they are, you can always skip them with a click of the remote, right?  Not anymore.  For Babe, a title targeted at kids no less, Universal saw fit to make the commercials non-skippable.  They start as soon as you put the disc in, and the \\"Forward\\" button on your DVD player won't let you bypass them.  The \\"Menu\\" button has no effect either.  Even the \\"Stop\\" button won't work!  Once the commercials start -- including one for the dreadful Cat In The Hat that's  nails-on-chalkboard offensive --  there's no escape from them!  Shame on Universal for ruining the long-awaited widescreen debut of this wonderful film.  My solution: I will no longer buy Universal DVDs until they discontinue this practice.
B00005JK8K|1.0|I don't know much about what the code talkes did during the war but I find it hard to believe if they were so valuable that they would be on the front lines calling in artillery.  Maybe massive troop movements, battle plans, or enemy movements but not simple things like that.  Also I got sick of old Nick firig five shots only to watch five dead enemy soldiers fall to the ground.  I also didn't know soldiers had no fear of enemy fire and rarely took cover.  Maybe it was because the japenese just came screaming at the marines instead of firing at them.  I could tell this movie would be awful wthin the first 30 seconds and I was right.
B00005JKGV|5.0|This movie is difficult to explain and just as difficult to understand, but I absolutely love it!! Lost Highway is a movie that you can see over and over and notice something new or different every time. I keep checking this page to see if they've introduced it on DVD yet, but so far, nothing. I've worn out two copies of it on VHS already and am on my third quickly wearing out one now. David Lynch's Lost Highway is in the same category as Natural Born Killers, in that you may be one of the lucky ones who can't get enough of it or you may see it and just warn everyone else away from it.<br />Please at least see it once, if you haven't already, and then maybe you'll begin to also understand the artistic quality in this wonderful film.
B00000IP4H|4.0|Well I used to be into this band a lot... but eventually grew away from them. I saw one of my friends with this cd and gave it a try. Wow... its amazing how they've progressed. Gone completely is the huge Metallica influence they once had. Hell this is a better death metal album than most real death metal bands put out. Two things I missed though were Alex's wonderful leads, and Chuck's melodic vocals (although the change of pace is exciting). This cd would be awesome if Alex didn't leave to do Jazz crap... but whats done is done. All in all an very good album, definately not what I expected from Metallica's little brother. Don't worry it'll grow on you.
0691023565|5.0|Polya prescribes different forms to approaching a problem through some guide questions that a solver should ask (\\"Is there a related problem\\"). The exposition is quite short, majority of the book is devoted to a glossary of heuristic terms which prove very helpful. Polya uses common problems in high school geometry to demonstrate his point which make it easily understandable.<br />I'm glad I have discovered an excellent book on problem solving which would prove indispensable in my programming career. Other programming books mainly demonstrate features of an OS or a computer language but this book goes into the heart of the computer science which is problem solving.
1400034779|4.0|It was fun to read about Mma Ramotswe and her investigations. Her use of common sense and observation was a delight, as was the unique setting in Botswana. Some of the cases that Mma solved were very funny (the woman whose husband was going to bars to pick up women; the man who stole the Mercedes); and some were sad (the boy that was kidnapped).<br />I did not think that there was anything grand and ground-breaking here, but nevertheless a fun, light read.
B0000648WZ|1.0|The nazification of Carl,the human &quot;swarms&quot;,and the 90210 theme of the story turned a book about service and duty into an antimilitary film. John Milius would have done justice to the Heinlein story.
0385504209|5.0|Call me cantankerous but when I hear, &quot;You must read this book,&quot; or &quot;You'll love this movie,&quot; my first thought is &quot;No, I mustn't&quot; or &quot;No, I won't.&quot; I have been disappointed too many times by the misleading commercial success of a book or movie to expect much from such recommendations. Major disappointments that come to mind include the movie &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; and any novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Despite my misgivings, on the recommendation of my brother-in-law the intellectual, I cracked open The DaVinci Code with low expectations and immediately found myself caught up in the puzzlement of a gruesome, after-hours crime scene in the very secure Louvre.<br />Having spent 12 years as an earnest Catholic school girl, this book set my brain on fire. A usually passive reader too lazy to look up the occasional unfamiliar word, I found myself racing to Google on claims Dan Brown made regarding classic art, religious history, mystical numbers and such. Years ago, E.L. Doctorow's Ragtime captivated me in a like manner by mixing historical fact with fiction. It is the reader's decision where to draw the line between fiction and fact, and I find it fascinating to have to ponder where that line actually falls while reading a novel.<br />The DaVinci Code is not great literature but it is a great book: the plot unfolds at a rapid-fire pace, the characters are likeable although trite and the points it makes about DaVinci's art and a secret code fascinated.
B0000062GK|4.0|This album is very very good...<br />Satriani explores music in angles that he hadn't done previous to this album. In some songs, you get the pleasure of listening to the most bizarre yet melodically accomplished musical phrases... such as in Time, With Jupiter in Mind and Raspberry Jam Delta-V. The songs are wholely satisfying and there is still plenty of songs that are reminiscent of previous Satriani songs. So really you can't go wrong with buying this album.<br />Joe, musically, is very very clever, and he explores various different flavours in his music on many of these songs. A notable example being the use of the Lydian mode in A Piece Of Liquid (great song)... I also recommend that any guitarist who wants to advance their playing has a look at all the modes, they come in handy when writing your own music.<br />The tone on this album is also superb on this album, as always, with songs like Time really shining out. The tone in Crystal Planet the song really does bring across the visualisation of a crystal planet if you like. It has that eerie &quot;out there&quot; quality about it.<br />Really this album is superb, go out and buy it. If your wondering why I haven't given it 5 stars, well im a bit tight :D.<br />Incidentally, if listeners like the new musical angles Satriani comes from in this album, he goes the whole hog in Engines of Creation, worth a purchase, as is anything from the man.
B00005LLK8|4.0|I should add that many ballet dancers ARE GAY though not all are - and I see absolutely nothing wrong with either fact (even though the director seems to in this film!).<br />For the adult Billy in the last scene, the director could have chosen a better looking dude.<br />This is a fine movie.  I understand some people's complaints that the plot is, in retrospect, rather trite and predictable - like the whole time you keep saying to yourself, \\"What else could it be?  I could've written the script myself!\\"  But that's not the point: It is still a good film if it can move you.
B000001E3V|4.0|This is truly a fantastic live show, but the absence of Duane Allman from the line-up shows.  There are existing tapes of the few shows that the Dominos played with Duane, I just want to know why they aren't availiable to the public.
0151008116|5.0|'Life of Pi' is an inspired, amazing transformative journey. Reading this novel not only expands one's understanding of other (I say other, because this is also an inspired work.) major religious texts, but of the religions themselves.  <br />Comprehension of the ideas and metaphors in this novel can serve to unite the fractured God in one's life experience.<br />Yann Martel weaves together a beautiful allegory that is as complex in it's subtext, as it is simple in it's storytelling. <br />Anyone can pick up this book and enjoy the tale of Pi and his long and harrowing journey on a 20ft lifeboat with a bengal tiger aptly named Richard Parker.  <br />'Life of Pi' is an exciting, emotionally charged, spiritual novel that leaves you wanting more.  It is a story of epic proportions that one never wants to end. Indeed this is a story that can be read over again and again with new insights and understandings achieved upon subsequent reads. <br />While the story is fantastic in every way, the irony is that the story itself is inconsequential.  Where the novel really excells is in its rich, metaphorical, subtext which Martel cleverly hides in plain sight as it were. <br />When put into practice, the priniciples that Martel demonstrate are life altering. The ideas in this book may change one's perception of the world around them, as well as the perception of others toward one.    <br />Martel is a true artist and a wonderful spirit, who has blessed us with a work of truth, life and love. <br />Needless to say, this novel is highly recommended.
B00006CXSS|5.0|In short, the entire series is one, huge film following the true-life epic story of men from the 101st Airborne who fought in Europe during World War 2.  The acting is wonderfully understated.  No superstars taking over the show here.  Dialogue and sequencing are authentic.  Fans of \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" will immediately appreciate \\"Band of Brothers\\" for its uncompromising look into the very darkest heart of the war.  But \\"Band of Brothers\\" seems even better than \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" if only because, this time, the script is based on reality.  The men who live and die on screen, really did live and die, as shown, and the gripping nature of this film is a testament to the real and brave heroics of those who stood against one of the greatest political and military menaces of the modern age.  Those who carp or complain about the film \\"glorifying\\" warfare simply miss the point.  This is not a typical hollywood blockbuster.  This is not \\"Top Gun\\".  This is the real war as seen through the eyes of the real soldiers who fought it, and I found it awesomely moving since we see first-hand how tough the average American 'mongrel' trooper really is: the hell he went through protecting the freedoms we Americans now enjoy, the turmoil the war brought to his personal and professional life, and the ultimate sacrifice he often made for his nation, his unit, and his buddies in the trenches.  This film is not a love letter to war itself.  It is a love letter to the valor and strength of the common free man.  Though certainly not child's fair, I would recommend this film to any parent who has a child that loves \\"Lord Of The Rings.\\"  Show your son or daughter the REAL heroes and epic warfare that rescued our world from a REAL army of darkness.<br />On a personal note, I found the bonus \\"behind the scenes\\" DVD to be a real winner.  Some bonus CD's are crud, but this one is a must see, not only for the in-depth interviews with the real-life guys upon whom this series is based, but also for actor Ron Livingston's home movie of the \\"boot camp\\" the actors were put through prior to filming.  As an Army Reservist I found myself laughing to the point of tears at some of the stuff Ron and the other guys went through, and I also found myself shaking my head that these guys found their ten-day mini-Basic to be so \\"tough.\\"  Hey guys, try the real thing--9 weeks plus however many extra weeks you do in your Advanced school!  Ouch!  Anyway, even my Army training experience pails next to what the original Airborne troops had to go through.  My hat is off to the men of Easy Company, who paved the way for those of us in later generations, and who stand as shining examples to us all of what real heroes are made of.or actor Ron Livingston's home movie of the \\"boot camp\\" the actors were put through prior to filming.  As an Army Reservist I found myself laughing to the point of tears at some of the stuff Ron and the other guys went through, and I also found myself shaking my head that these guys found their ten-day mini-Basic to be so \\"tough.\\"  Hey guys, try the real thing--9 weeks plus however many extra weeks you do in your Advanced school!  Ouch!  Anyway, even my Army training experience pails next to what the original Airborne troops had to go through.  My hat is off to the men of Easy Company, who paved the way for those of us in later generations, and who stand as shining examples to us all of what real heroes are made of.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was well on its way to becoming my favorite of the Joss Whedon shows, which considering the huge Buffy &amp; Angel fan I am is saying something. Its amalgation of genre touches was truly unique, and it pains me that so many questions will remain unanswered. I hope mightily that the promised movie will happen, but in the meantime I have these wonderful DVDs that I have been watching almost non-stop since their arrival two weeks ago. All I can say is, shiny!
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|After hearing Is this It I loved the strokes; That is a very solid album. But after hearing Is this it, with an album that good, its hard to keep it going that well. Its pretty typical that a good band releases their good albums before they get famous....Well The strokes are famous. Now With Room on fire, you get a pretty good album with the exception of a little less emotion. Its notice able if you go from a song like &quot;Last Nite&quot; to a song like &quot;Meet me in the bathroom&quot; But thats the only real complaint there is for the album. If you liked the strokes first album, you will love the second.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I LOVED the show on TV. The DVD set is MUCH BETTER!<BR>The episodes are in the intended order, and the DVD set included the never shown episodes. I'm on my third viewing since I recieved the set. Even my wife likes it and she doesn't like Scifi! I hope   they start movie soon, and some big-wigs at the network(s) come to their senses and put the series back on the TV. <br />    Do yourself a favor, buy this DVD set!<BR>               <BR>                         G.W.
B0000DIXDR|5.0|'Dirty Dancing' takes place in 1963 where Frances &quot;Baby&quot; Houseman (Jennifer Grey) goes to Kellerman's with her family for the summer.  While she is there she meets the handsome dance instructor Johnny Castle (Patrick Swayze) while going for a walk one evening.  When she discovers that Johnny's dance partner, Penny, is in need of an abortion and she can only have it if they can possibly find someone to fill in for her during a performance, Baby volunteers and she falls in love with the mysterious dancer, and she teaches him that there actually are people in this world who will stand up for other people and that the badness in life can be worked out.<br />The DVD verison of this is amazing.  The picture is very clear and it is widescreen so it is able to fit the new widescreen TV's.  The sound is also very crisp and clear.  The bonus features include: interviews; commentaries; a screen-test of Jennifer Grey; behind-the-scenes featurette; a theatrical trailer; music videos of &quot;(I've Had) The Time of My Life&quot;, &quot;Hungry Eyes&quot;, and &quot;She's Like The Wind; biographies of the cast and crew; a trivia track; an Emile Ardolino tribute; and a sneak peak of the upcoming 'Dirty Dancing - Havana Nights'.  The only thing that is odd about the Bonus material is that they have interviews and stuff on Jennifer Grey, but non on Patrick Swayze.<br />This movie is great and the music is absolutly phenominal.  If you love 'Dirty Dancing' I strongly suggest you get this DVD, because this is the best I've seen it viewed!
0375758992|5.0|What makes this book worth reading -- aside from a captivating style and humorous content -- is precisely what separates it from other excellent books about similar subject matter (Godwin's Mukiwa, Dangarembga's Nervous Conditions): the fact that Fuller makes no attempt to analyze, excuse, or explain the racism and insanity of her family history. Rather than rationalizing her parents' racist attitudes, Fuller chooses instead to simply describe in her wry, matter-of-fact voice precisely how the end of the colonial era was experienced by people implicated in it. She does not try to gloss her childhood experiences with politically correct hindsight, and in so doing thrusts the reader into the desperation and the joy of rural African life in the last three decades. Bobo's mother is one of the most memorable and remarkable personalities I've encountered in African literature. The book is worth reading entirely for its hysterical concluding scenes. Fuller's characters are real and human, in all their extraordinary bizarreness! <br />Having spent many an hour, like Bobo Fuller, poking grass into ant-lion holes in the hot dusty veld, this moving story captivated me and painted a moving portrait of people fighting the cruelty of the African landscape. Myth and reality are intertwined in a witty and beautiful story. Everyone should read this book!
B000003TA4|5.0|I am currently going through a stage where I am totally obsessed with Nirvana and Kurt Cobain. If you'd have asked me two months ago, I'd have laughed at the thought, but there's something about me that's changing, and bringing in all these new musical styles. It began when a friend of mine recommended &quot;Nevermind&quot; to me. I was reluctant as I labelled them with that woe-is-me, angst-ridden mosher band, but I admit I was wrong. I saw some of their videos over the Christmas period, and really began to dig them. I then bought Nevermind on the spur of the moment from Amazon. I'm so glad I did. This is a masterpiece!<br />When Nirvana were being hailed as the greatest band in the world I was four years old, and not into much apart from the Rugrats. Little did I know that they were tearing the world apart, revolutionizing the music scene and selling 10 million copies of their second album Stateside. It's not hard to see why this album is often hailed as the greatest album ever. It's not my favourite album ever - nothing will ever topple Alanis' &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; - but it's up there high on my list.<br />The album opens with the masterpiece &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot; This is one of the most popular songs of all time, and it's not hard to see why. Everyone knows this song. No matter how you live your life or what backgrounds you come from, you WILL have heard this. The guitars are masterful, and Kurt's screeching vocals reflect his tumultuous state of mind and his tortured soul. &quot;In Bloom&quot; is a great rock-pop anthem, with a deep and catchy bass. The lyrics are simple and the chorus is just anthemic. Kurt sings about a guy who likes all his pretty songs. He likes to sing along and all that, but he doesn't know what it means. He's a crowd-follower, which Nirvana certainly gathered many of, not under their control. &quot;Come As You Are&quot; is one of my favourites on the album. The deep bass that opens the song is so famous, and the vocal arrangement is very melodic. It's just a song about being who you are. Keeping it real and living your life as you.<br />&quot;Breed&quot; is another one of my favourites. The guitars on this are just so awesome, and the verses are excellent. The lyrics come in short swift strokes, and repetition is used to maximum effect. The chorus is fabulous and Kurt's vocals are just so majestic. &quot;Lithium&quot; is a favourite amongst many, but I myself am not that keen. Sure, it's a brilliant song, but compared to the others on offer here, it doesn't live up. &quot;Polly&quot; is the most simple song on the album. The four-note lyric style is reflected throughout the entire song, which adds this simplicity to it, along with the simple guitar. The subject-matter is more than disturbing though. &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot; is another highlight. With a really funny opening, the beat comes in loud and hard. After the 16th second of the first minute is passed, the beat really drives in. It wedges into your brain, until Kurt's shocking vocal display at the end. He's almost screeching in pain and torture.<br />&quot;Drain You&quot; is probably my favourite unreleased song from the album. I think the lyrics, in part, are just vile. Listen to them and you'll see what I mean. However, the chorus is brilliant, and the verses have rocking guitars. The best part of the song comes after the second chorus, though, when the spooky scary bit kicks in and Kurt's voice echoes the word &quot;You...&quot; The guitars are awesome on here. &quot;Lounge Act&quot; is a brilliant but short song with a subdued first chorus, which then is repeated again in such a loud and screaming manner. It's brilliant. &quot;Stay Away&quot; has some really wicked guitars and the lyrics are sung so fast. I love the chorus. Everything about this song is perfect. &quot;On A Plain&quot; is another really good song. Kurt's background vocals are really good, and the beat sounds tampered with at the beginning.&quot;Something In The Way&quot; is the perfect album closer. It's the slowest song on the album, and is almost peaceful. The guitars are full of sorrow and Kurt's voice is on top form once more. Nothing bad about it.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />There aren't many albums that I can listen to where I love the songs on the first listen, but Nevermind is definitely one of them. It's also an album with not one bad song on it. Some people have criticised this album, and I can't see why. Once a band experiences success and sell a few million copies, the 'cool' underground dudes have to rip it apart. Just because they like to be unique and all that. Forget all that. Listen to this masterpiece album. It changed so many people's lives, and it's not hard to see why. I'm reading &quot;Heaven And Hell&quot; at the moment, and it's a wonderful biography on Kurt's life. I'm really relating to the way her felt sometimes and I already look up to him for his music. Tragically, he would be gone just less three years after the release of this album. Buy it, listen to it, worship it.&quot;Something In The Way&quot; is the perfect album closer. It's the slowest song on the album, and is almost peaceful. The guitars are full of sorrow and Kurt's voice is on top form once more. Nothing bad about it.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />There aren't many albums that I can listen to where I love the songs on the first listen, but Nevermind is definitely one of them. It's also an album with not one bad song on it. Some people have criticised this album, and I can't see why. Once a band experiences success and sell a few million copies, the 'cool' underground dudes have to rip it apart. Just because they like to be unique and all that. Forget all that. Listen to this masterpiece album. It changed so many people's lives, and it's not hard to see why. I'm reading &quot;Heaven And Hell&quot; at the moment, and it's a wonderful biography on Kurt's life. I'm really relating to the way her felt sometimes and I already look up to him for his music. Tragically, he would be gone just less three years after the release of this album. Buy it, listen to it, worship it.
0694003611|5.0|Remember the simplicity of childhood? That simplicity is contained within the binding of this book. This was and probably still is my favorite book. I wish that I was but a child again, to be able to enjoy and bask in the simplicity. This book is remarkable, so sweet & important. I loved when my mother read it to me, and I cannot wait to be able to read and instill the same love and simplicity to my children. Purchase this book, and you will not be disapointed.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence's new cd Fallen is for sure a top charter. This cd has several songs to fit your many diff. moods. This is a cd that you will just have to add to your collection.
B00008RH3L|2.0|I bought this DVD based on the recommendations in Amazon and the actors - I typically enjoy Gabriel Byrne films (Defence of the Realm is superb) and Albert Finney is a favourite.<br />I watched the film and fell asleep (admittedly I was tired). The next evening I took another look. What a dissapointment. Quite simply this film didn't do it. Byrne was totally emotionless - took some severe beatings without so much a showing a scratch. Predictable film. Just lacking. Period.<br />One to rent from Blockbuster, not to buy.
B00000099Y|5.0|This cd changed my life it is the greatest cd to be released in at least the last decaded.Every song on this cd blends in and builds on the previous song. This cd is not for the light hearted it takes a good few listens to actually understand the music and realize how complex it really is.Every song on this cd is amazing the filler tracks may make it a bit choppy but o well it is still great. I love Maynard's voice Danny's percussion Adams riffs and Justins bass lines they fit together perfectly to make TOOL.do your self a favor buy yourself this cd once u listen 2 this u will compare all ur other cds to this and u will be like woah what was i thinking and you will realize how superior TOOL is:)
B00005JL3A|5.0|Like most people, I also thought this movie was going to be stupid like most video game made movies or whatever you want to call them.  One of the reasons I went to see this film was because I am a die hard Milla Jovovich fan.  To my surprise, I thought this movie was very good.  I also am a big fan of the Resident Evil games, and when a movie based off of a game is made, there's obviously gonna be differences.  There is no Jill Valentine or any other characters of the game in the movie..some of them come later in the sequel maybe...This movie is pretty much a whole entire different story to Resident Evil.  So what if it wasn't exactly like the game.  I think it probably would be very dumb if they started it like that.  Anyway, I don't know why people are saying the acting was bad?  It was very good I thought.  With Milla Jovovich always giving an excellent performance and Michelle Rodriguez and the others doing a great job too.  The storyline, once again being new to the game, was great to with it leaving off in the end to a good surprise (8  The makeup for the zombies and other creatures was very well done and give all of them a very creepy affect and made it tie in with the action and suspense very well.  If there were to be anything bad about the movie, it would be that it seemed kind of short.  That's my opinion but other than that, I definitly recomend this to big action fans, Resident Evil fans, and of course, Milla Jovovich fans (8
B0000AQVCL|4.0|First, I am a fan of all things rock-n-rolly, moldy and oldie.  I loved the revival of rock in the early to mid 90's that began with great, but not particularly original, bands such as The Black Crowes and The Spin Doctors.  The hatred leveled at Jet from snot-nosed kids who were still listening to their Barney tapes in the early 90's and who are now fans of lo-fi (and in my opinion junk) bands such as the infernal White Stripes, is totally unfounded.  These guys just plain rock.  I personally don't care that they sound an aweful lot like a bunch of other bands that I love, who are no longer making new music.  I just like it, ok?  And I think a lot of other folks will too.<br />Jet is not ground-shaking, new found aural orgasms-on-a-stick.  It's just good rock-n-roll.  And for those who can't get over it (and who are jealous that they have a bassist), go buy your White Stripes albums and cry in the corner that someone out there might be able to do it too. :0<br />For those who are screaming about these guys stealing this, that, and the other thing, EVERY BAND in existance that has any kind of recording deal has stolen something from someone (if they haven't, they're just making noise, and I'm sure there's a guy named John Cage who would like a few words with them).  Certain melodic progressions in pop music go back as far as the 16th century.  Music is all about recycling ideas into something new and fresh, and has been for a long long time.  These guys take some old ideas and create something new with it that's pleasing to the ears.  Get over it.<br />I've listened to the disc several times now.  Every track is certainly listenable and the production is better than a lot of albums that I own.  I have to agree with the reviewer who said that the lead singer has the best &quot;yeah&quot; in r-n-r.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|I am allready a fan of Hans Zimmer's, since the Ring Soundtrack (too bad THAT'LL never be made into a CD...) so as a fan I am stunned to say I was blown away even more than normal. This soundtrack is the ying to the visuals yang, the perfect balance to the movie. It stands alone just as well, stirring emotion and thought with every track. There is a common theme entwined throughout most of the tracks, but it never becomes stale or repetitive. In fact, the theme stabilizes the soundtrack, making it flow from one emotion to another. Hartache, longing, peace, fear, strength and honor are evoked through sweeping string ensembles and strong drum beats. Without knowing the movie, you would still be moved to tears just by the music. There is a fragile beauty, a sad dignity that underlies the tracks. A knowledge that all must eventually fall and cruble to dust, yet still a strength to choose how they will have their end. Who they is can be mutable. The knowledge is still portrayed and that is all that is needed. If you are looking for a score, to move you, to make you think, to motivate you, this is the score.
B000089RVR|3.0|I expected alot of good songs on this one.  Her previous cd was better, although this one is average.
B00003XAQ5|1.0|It is important to note that this particular CD version WILL NOT PLAY on a computer or a stereo that is not SACD-compatible, whatever that means.  Who's system is SACD-compatible, anyway?  Nothing against the music it contains...haven't been able to listen to the recording because it won't play on any of my systems!  Save yourself the time and hassle and buy the *regular* CD version, and avoid this version.
B0000TB050|5.0|U2 is the most popular non-American rock band since Led Zeppelin, this is in equal measure due to their live shows and of course, the music, always the music. &quot;U2 Go Home: Live From Slane Castle Ireland&quot; is an exhilarating document of the band's homecoming concert. The Irish pride of Rock bumps, grinds and shouts here proving why they are the world's biggest band. It's also a fitting companion piece to the previously released &quot;Live In Boston&quot; DVD which was also great to watch but was missing some essential songs which are present here (and this DVD in turn is missing essentials like &quot;I Will Follow&quot; and &quot;Gone&quot; which are in the Boston release). A stunning performance of &quot;Elevation&quot; opens the show (watch the enormous crowd react in unison to the song) and then the soaring, evocative &quot;Beautiful Day&quot; follows with it's almost celestial chorus. &quot;Until The End Of The World&quot; is still an epic, exhilarating concert moment with Bono's stage presence and The Edge's sonic assaults of melody and power that project from his guitar. Now to the new songs, &quot;New Year's Day&quot; is here with it's evocative feel and wonderful piano playing from The Edge. &quot;Pride (In The Name Of Love)&quot; is still inspirational and rousing while &quot;All I Want Is You&quot; is a lovely tune Bono dedicates to his wife. &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot; here has a nice, classic choral intro. &quot;Live At Slane Castle&quot; manages to create a more grand, exciting tone mainly due to it's significance for the band and the fact that it's a huge, outdoor show while the Boston show was a smaller, more intimate venue. The band's dialogue is more interesting here, especially before &quot;Kite&quot; when Bono speaks of his and The Edge's fathers both being tenors who used to sing together from time to time. &quot;Out Of Control&quot; is a neat look at the band's early days. The DVD's extra features are also worthwhile like the &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; documentary which is a fascinating look at the band in the 80's. Another extra treat (which should simply bee included with the rest of the show) is &quot;Mysterious Ways,&quot; which of course many fans noticed was missing in the Boston DVD. Bono's daughter even makes an appearance and does a few moves to the song which is still an intoxicating groove. &quot;Live At Slane Castle&quot; is a must for fans of the band, especially those who want to see the excitement of the band playing in their hometown, in the country of their roots. Simply put, unforgettable.
B00009UW0N|5.0|I first rented this at the video store and when I got it, I loved it.The original horror films are always the best.One thing that got me on my nerve in this film, is that they always play that music, its not creepy buts its annoying, but I enjoyed the film.Its worth watching
B00005RHGK|1.0|The movie started with alot of interesting ideas and promise,but it gradually got worse.The suspense in some scenes was good but the acting was really bad and the story was left undone.This movie was really bad and not worth anybody's money.SUCKED!!!!SUCKED!!!!SUCKED!!!!
0385504209|1.0|A quarter of the way through I realized why this book is such a page-turner.  Brown uses a tried-and-true formula for keeping the readers going, even when the story lapses into incredible implausibility.  Develop a series of mysteries within a bigger mystery and keep the reader interested by making every chapter a cliff-hanger.  One mystery solved leads to another mystery to be solved. Etc., etc., etc.  Now that seeing how it's done by a master I'm going to write a similar novel, make a million bucks, and retire.  Unlike Mr. Brown, however, I won't bother writing more than one bestseller.  I'm not greedy.  I figure one good bilkering of America's dumbed-down readers is enough.
0446608955|5.0|This sad and realistic tale of teenage love and Christian faith is a true classic. With the emotions of the characters, you'll transform and find yourself walking alongside the believable Landon and Jamie. This book is one that truely inspires the Christian soul, after reading it, I set it aside, dug out my Bible, and vowed to finish it.
0385504209|5.0|This book was a real escape from the day to day realities of life.  The fact that the entire story takes place in one day was also very interesting.  You never had time to rest.  I found the book hard to put down once I got started.  I was sucked in right from the beginning.  I think the book was very cleaver.  I would highly recommend it.
0790742780|5.0|Falling Down is one of Douglas' greatest performances as a 40-year-old nerd who, on a hot day in the middle of traffic, starts to have a breakdown, trying to get to his young daughter's birthday party, even though he's divorced and his wife keeps telling him he can't come. Along the way, no matter how big or small the obstacles, (including un-fair fast-food restaurants, lazy construction workers, expensive convenience stores, a gang of punks, or fanatic military vets), he's determined to make it home, even if it means death. Duvall is the cop who is tired of the job and is retiring within the day, yet who quickly and voluntarily gets involved with tracking Douglas' rampage across Los Angeles. Douglas, although inspirational at first at how he makes a stand for himself among the many inconveniences of society, gets genuinely and convincingly creepy and loony as the movie progresses from big to enormous. Although what happens along his trip home is anything but funny, this movie has plenty of dark comedy for even the most shocked viewer. This movie is one of my favorites because of how Douglas reacts to the many stupid laws and regulations of society, some of which I agree, and if you're fed up with how places and people are acting these days, you're sure to love this movie too. A damn good time!
0060591706|5.0|Como de costumbre, siempre leo primero la segunda parte y luego la primera, por lo que creo que es como otros libros que la parte que se lea primero es la mejor, la historia que cuenta sobre el &quot;Hombre de las nieves&quot; y lo que sufren por encontrarlo, as&iacute; como la historia del Drag&oacute;n es bonita, siempre est&aacute; intereseante y uno nunca deja de aprender algo nuevo sobre nuestro mundo, culturas y sobre todo en lo distinto que somos las personas, desde las que s&oacute;lo les interesa el dinero hasta las que s&oacute;lo les interesa el bienesatar de todos, es un alibro &aacute;gil de leer, claro que me falta el primero para compararlo y ver si no es el mismo tema s&oacute;lo que en el Amazoneas, ya lo ver&eacute;...
630382790X|5.0|Talk about rolling snake eyes.  To begin with, your mission is numbered &quot;thirteen.&quot;  Then the pilot you've trained with is grounded prior to lift-off because he's allegedly been exposed to the measles; he's replaced by a young buck still wet behind the ears.  Once you're within spitting distance of the surface of the Moon an oxygen tank explodes.  Obviously, it takes oxygen to breathe, so now what?  Shut down everything in the command module, of course, shiver in the lunar module, and hope the gravitational tug from the Moon will slingshot you back home.<br />And I thought I had my bad days.<br />Yet the problems mentioned above merely scratch the surface of the true trials and tribulations of APOLLO 13.  Director Ron Howard recreates this gripping, compelling story, right down to beehive hairdo's and computers the size of Mt. Rushmore.  The drama, the sense of urgency--on the part of the astronauts, and the NASA staff in Houston frantically trying to save them--is so powerful and vivid I felt I was watching the actual event itself.  To magically weave the viewer into the story is a crowning achievement for any filmmaker, and here, Howard succeeds like a wizard waving a wand.<br />Tom Hanks, Bill Paxton, Ed Harris, Kevin Bacon, and Gary Sinise headline a stellar cast in a grim race-against-time that had the entire world transfixed in April of 1970.  I remember being glued to the TV watching Walter Cronkite broadcast around the clock to give us the latest developments of the Apollo 13 story; I remember the relief and joy I felt when that banged-up capsule was retrieved from the ocean.  To relive the triumph--and near-tragedy--of this event is an awesome experience, and APOLLO 13 is awesome, indeed.<br />--D. Mikels
0345442970|3.0|Now that the new Star Wars movies have arrived, the fans are graced with a whole new series of inspired fiction. The authors of previous Star Wars sagas such as The New Jedi Order now put the spotlights on what happened before Palpatine took control of the Galaxy.<br />Great! This means a whole unknown niche of the Star Wars history will be unveiled. And sure enough that is what happens. Yet, what has disappointed many aficionados is the new tone and order of these prequels. To put the difference in words: Pre-Star Wars times were High Times in decay, not bravery against unbelievable odds. The prequels present an old man dying instead of a young one flourishing.<br />Cloak Of Deception tells of the first attempts at bringing the old giant down. Just as you cannot stop maggots from getting into rotting meat, you cannot stop power-hungry Senators and greedy Corporations from taking profit out of this situation. Senator Palpatine has managed to attach strings on several powerful figures and institutions and has started playing them like a puppeteer. Meanwhile the Jedi are busier than ever, and eventually they are too busy and cannot control the uproars any longer.<br />While James Luceno's book describes interesting events and gives us fans a closer look at a wide display of background characters, there is one flaw: it is too busy and too paced. It doesn't stop often enough to describe motivations.<br />One of the villains is Captain Cohl, a character with a long history, who started out his rebellious career with a righteous cause but lost track of it. Cohl could have been THE tragic figure of this Star Wars chapter. Unfortunately, his past is merely summed up, and if his actions in this book cause any inner turmoil, the reader gets to see the result of this turmoil instead of the turmoil itself. This is what I felt throughout: the author does not stop to explain and deepen characters.<br />Another point I have with this chapter is the lack of resolution. The lead characters do not go through any sort of emotional arch. Nor does the story itself end well. It could have been either a cliffhanger or a defined closure. It seems to stop instead of end.<br />Despite all this I managed to enjoy Cloak Of Deception. After all, Tarkin has a cameo, as well as Vergere and Yaddle. And after all, it presents us further events in Star Wars history. The slow decline and cunning treacheries.<br />It is just that I feel sad I care more for the encyclopaedic value of this book, than about the book itself.<br />This one gets three stars.<br />Bram Janssen,<br />The Netherlandsaracters do not go through any sort of emotional arch. Nor does the story itself end well. It could have been either a cliffhanger or a defined closure. It seems to stop instead of end.<br />Despite all this I managed to enjoy Cloak Of Deception. After all, Tarkin has a cameo, as well as Vergere and Yaddle. And after all, it presents us further events in Star Wars history. The slow decline and cunning treacheries.<BR>It is just that I feel sad I care more for the encyclopaedic value of this book, than about the book itself.<br />This one gets three stars.<br />Bram Janssen,<BR>The Netherlands
B000002A3T|2.0|Now, when I first got this album, I thought it was a vast improvement over Floyd-Mach-Three's last effort, &quot;A Momentary Lapse of Reason.&quot; But, the more I listen to it, the more I realize it's just a bunch of boring tripe. <br />There are good songs on the album, but not many: &quot;Cluster One&quot; is good. Good way to open an album. &quot;Wearing the Inside Out&quot; is a triumphant return to the world of vocalizing for Mr. Wright. It's a fine, jazzy tune. &quot;High Hopes&quot; is a nice way to end the Floyd's career. Very reminiscent of past songs.<br />The rest are either poor, or listenable only. &quot;Keep Talking&quot; grates on my nerves severely. I used to like &quot;Coming Back to Life,&quot; but it's just worn thin with me. &quot;What Do You Want from Me&quot; has alright lyrics, if only they had come up with original music. &quot;Have A Cigar,&quot; anyone?<br />Skip this. Get &quot;Saucerful of Secrets.&quot;
B0000C83KN|5.0|'Innocent Eyes' is the fantastic debut album from Delta Goodrem. The 14x Platinum album shows off the ARIA Award winner's fantastic singing/songwriting talents, and the quality of songs and lyrics is outstanding. Delta's voice soars through the music; the songs' styles range from pop ballads, to touching on rock. 'Innocent Eyes' has sold more than 2 million copies worldwide, but this is not surprising seeing how amazing this young talent is. Go, buy this fabulous album now! You'll LOVE it!<br />Also catch Delta Goodrem playing Nina in the Aussie soap Neighbours, every weekday.
B000002C1V|5.0|After this one, ol Mr. Happy himself left the band. That's right, this is Roger Waters' final album, and, in fact, it's not really a Pink Floyd album. Rather, it's a Waters solo album with guests Nick Mason and Dave Gilmour. And it's a fantastic effort. Despite it being the most depressing rock album ever released, I listen to it all the time.<br />The title track alone warrants the purchase of the album. It just helps that every other track on the album is great. &quot;The Gunner's Dream&quot; should have been on the Greatest Hits package instead of &quot;Fletcher Memorial Home.&quot;<br />&quot;Not Now John&quot; is a hilarious parody of Top 40 rock songs, like &quot;Money.&quot; It's so happy in it's satirical racism and nonchalant usage of cursewords, insuring it could never be released as a single.<br />Get this underrated gem. It's depressing, but it's worth it.
B00005JLYW|4.0|Movie:  Okay, did anyone expect great cinematic art here? No, and why should they. The first Charlie's Angels was one of the dumbest no-brainer movies ever made, and Full Throttle keeps that tradition alive. While I did enjoy Charlie's Angels more than Full Throttle, I have to admit I did have a damn fun time watching it.  After all, everyone needs a good dumb film like this every once in a while. I won't even begin to get into the plot, as there isn't much of one, anyway. As Natalie, Dylan, and Alex, the three Angels, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, and Lucy Liu are obviously having the time of their lives. Despite looking very hot, they bring a fun energy to the movie that you just have to love. Demi Moore, in one of the best comebacks of the new millennium, is not only hotter than ever, but is also having a blast as an ex-angel gone bad.  All in all, one of the dumbest movies ever, but it's so much fun, who really cares?  (4/5)<br />Picture: Full Throttle comes to DVD in an &quot;Unrated&quot; 2.40:1 anamorphic widescren version, and the theatrical version is presented in full frame 1.33:1. Seeing as the film was shot open matte, the full screen version contains more visual information on the top and bottom of the screen, while being very slightly cropped on the sides. The widescreen version loses some information on the top and bottom, but opens up a bit on the sides. Both look pretty good. Colors are very strong, and clarity is good. However, the picture can look a little too sharp at times.  Not a bad transfer, though.  (4/5)<br />Sound: The Dolby Digital 5.1 track is excellent.  The surrounds are active most of the time, and are put to effective use.  A highlight is the motorcycle racing scene.  While not as good as the excellent DTS track on the Superbit Charlie's Angels DVD, this does serve the film well.     (5/5)<br />Extras: There is a commentary by director McG, a study on the cars in Full Throttle, interviews, trailers, and the P!NK music video &quot;Feel Good Time.&quot; There are quite a few nice extras here that are fun and informative.  (4/5)<br />Overall:  A pretty good movie gets a pretty good DVD. Recommended.  (4/5)
B000002UAX|5.0|Wow. This is a great album. Not only that, but it has a song written by Ringo. How can you go wrong. There are no bad songs on this two-disc set. Every one of them is great. I love &quot;Revolution 9.&quot; It's hilarious.<br />&quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; and &quot;Piggies&quot; are two terrific Harrison numbers.<br />Get it. It's a good one to start your Beatles collection with.
B000002UAR|5.0|Classic is just not a strong enough statement for this one...Eleanor Rigby has got to be one of the greatest songs ever done,period! Happy new year!
B000006TRV|5.0|I don't think I can say anything about this album that hasn't been said a good hundred times. It's great, one of their best, and number four in their phase of five perfect albums in a row.<br />Though it does have a weak point or two. &quot;What Shall We Do Now?&quot; from the film and &quot;The Wall Live&quot; should have not been cut from the album. Also, I really hate &quot;Another Brick in the Wall, Part 2.&quot; It should NOT have been their only number one hit.<br />Why do people diss on &quot;Vera&quot; and &quot;Bring the Boys Back Home&quot; so much? I think their terrific. The playing on &quot;Vera&quot; is enough to get you to forgive the track for Roger's poor singing on the track.<br />I think my favorite piece on the album is one never played on the radio: &quot;Waiting for the Worms&quot; has such great atmosphere to it, how could one not love it? It's a really terrifying song when you think about it.<br />Get this album. Unless you hate hearing about rock star's petty problems, you'll love it.
B000005RFQ|5.0|Like alot of people( famous people too I might add like Henry Rollins, Dave Grohl, Kurt Cobain), I have a serious appreciation for the Born Again album. Maybe because from the extreme cover art, to the bass-heavy productioin sound, it is so over the top! I still listen to it all the time. I think &quot;Trashed&quot; has a big Motorhead vibe. It would be awesome to hear Lemmy cover it.
B00005JMTQ|5.0|This movie is hysterical!  Okay, it's a bit of a chick flick, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and laughed out loud several times!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Its the kind of dvd that is really worth to buying specially for all the extra scenes!<br />Check out the audio comments they are really funny and give you loads of detail, a dvd made for real Lord of the Rings fans.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|One of those times when the sequel was better than the original, X2 doesn't disappoint as it gives you action and an incredible plot. I highly recommend this and can't wait until the third installment of the series hits the movie theaters.<BR>Two words: Dark phoenix :-)
0385504209|2.0|I love mysteries and this book kept my attention to a point. However, the author presented many religious theories as facts (I think the research was lacking). The more I read, it became apparent that this novel was an attack on the Catholic Church as well as traditional Christianity.  I found this troubling since some readers will view his 'theories' as the Gospel truth. I wonder about the author's background - I kept feeling as though a bad experience with the Catholic Church was the basis for this book.
B000006TRV|5.0|This Cd is fantastic! The Reviewer who said the thing about it not coming together, if you really pay attencion to the &quot;fine prints&quot; then it makes the overall story more accesable.This is Roger Waters's masterpeice concept album, second only to animals which is also great. It is about a rock Rock star named Pink who slowly goes insane by building a psycological wall around himself. Buy the album you'll find out the whole storie, trust me, all my friends did and they love it. Heres my faorite songs on the album.<br />Hey You, One of my turns, comfortably numb, Run like hell, In the flesh(not to be confused with &quot;In the Flesh?&quot;), Mother, Vera, Another brick in the wall pt. 2, and then the Trial.
B0000AGQ6Z|5.0|Well, for me &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; is one of the greatest epic pictures out there and owning a home video version has been a quest all by itself.  Finally, with this new super-bit DVD we seem to have reached Damascus or at least Aquaba.<BR>     I first saw the beautiful restoration work of Harris and Katz when a friend rented the 1988 VHS release, which is also the first time I saw wide-screen on a VHS as well and I liked it.  I was one of the 1 percent of the population that ventured into high tech audio video with the Laserdisc accompanied by a surround sound receiver in the 90's.  I got a used copy of the full-screen Laserdisc which featured the cut and unrestored version, but even that featured stereo sound and was mesmorizing.  I than looked for the restored film and found Criterion had released two editions and Columbia Tri-star re-released it a couple of years later.  I assumed the Tri-star release would be as good or better as the Criterion as newer releases of Lasers often had stronger colors and better transfers largely due to improvements in the medium.  Actually, the Tri-Star disc had slightly weaker colors, but made for a satisfying viewing experience until one of the platers developed Laserdisc rot.  By the time I looked for &quot;Lawrence&quot; on DVD the film had already had two releases and I decided to wait.  I had heard that the Super-bit collection was a mixed bag and I noticed that some films that were not even billed as super-bit in fact had as high or even higher bit rate than some &quot;Super-bit&quot; releases.  This time, with the help of Mr. Harris I think they got it right and from all the reviews here and my own experience I think this is the DVD to own if you treasure David Lean's &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot;.  Enjoy the show and Thanks!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This CD is a great shift for RHCP to being more of a soft band away from the funk and hard rock of their previous albums.  This in many ways lays the ground work for &quot;By The Way&quot; and shows off the effectiveness and versatility of this band.  In comparison to their previous records I will admit that BSSM is imposssible to beat, but I will say that this goes into new territory that they continue to develop.
B0000AI45P|5.0|To me, a classic album is one in which I can return to time and again and rediscover the joy and excitement I found in it the first time I played it.  This is true with Television's 1977 masterpiece MARQUEE MOON.  In addition, the bonus material adds over 30 minutes of music to the original release. The most significant being the inclusion of their 1975 independently released single &quot;Little Johhny Jewel,&quot; a 7-minute song originally spread out over two sides of the original 45, now spliced together as a single track. The other bonus tracks are alternate versions of &quot;See No Evil,&quot; &quot;Friction&quot; and &quot;Marquee Moon,&quot; along with an untitled instrumental. Like the Velvet Underground, Television never sold many records, but their influence is significant. ESSENTIAL
6305513406|4.0|This pilot episode deals with many of the themes that made the original Star Trek Series so enduring. Themes of conflict between friendship, and loyalty versus duty and commitment. Themes touched upon this episode actually have alot in common with the most beloved episode of the orginal series... City on the Edge of Forever. In this episode, Kirk is faced with the terrible decision of having to destroy his best friend who has become corrupted by a powerful force unwantingly bestowed upon him. Guest Stars Gary Lockwood and Sally Kellerman were wonderful. Gary Mitchell was Kirk's best friend. In the end a friendship dies, but another grows between Spock and Kirk. With only a 50 minute time to establish a story, Lockwood and Kirk are very effective at communicating the closeness and bonds of strong friendship that are gradually eroded and destroyed as one becomes corrupted by a force that he cannot control. It is touching and moving.. and set the tone for the entire series of what it could be at its best...
B0000AM6LY|4.0|I was driving somewhere when I heard &quot;Sunrise&quot;. (If I am not listening to dance music, the smooth jazz station will be on in my car.)  Then, this song came on and I could not believe that it was from Simply Red.  I am not a huge fan of sampling but with this song, the integration of an old Hall and Oates tune had me hooked.  There is something different about the lead singer's voice though.  It varies from his sound in &quot;Holding Back the Years&quot;.  If anything, I wished that &quot;Sunrise&quot; was included in the greatest hits album.
B000099T2L|3.0|I am a HUGE fan of Crazy in Love (featuring Jay-Z) and Baby Boy (featuring Sean Paul), so I asked for this album for Christmas.  It's an okay pick, but I wish that I would've have gotten a better album instead.<br />The catchiest songs are the first four tracks...Crazy in Love, Naughty Girl, Baby Boy, and Hip Hop Star (featuring Big Boi).  The other good song is her duet with Luther Vandross.  Definitely a slow song, but very, very pretty.  The rest of the album is not that great.  Especially Signs...what the heck is Missy Elliott thinking by being a part of this song?!  It is a song about astrological signs.  What?!  It just doesn't sound right to have Sagittarius and Gemini being thrown around in a song.  I must say that I am a bit disappointed with Beyonce's first solo album.  I would have enjoyed more upbeat dance tracks.<br />I think Destiny's Child should get back together and make more singles like Bootylicious.  That is a good song!
B00005JM0B|5.0|The first time I noticed that there was a Terminator 3 movie coming out was when I was at the movie theater. There above me hung a huge Terminator 3 banner, featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger, half showing his human face, and the other half showing his exo-skeleton machine face. I was extremely excited, being a fan of the Terminator series. I went home, watched the trailer for the movie so many times, I lost count, and counted down the days till the movie would arrive on the big screen. My father even bought advance tickets to the movie to ease my thoughts that they may sell out, which would get in the way of me seeing the movie that I knew I would love! Right after that, when the movie launched onto theaters, there I was with popcorn, waiting in line for the movie of my dreams...<br />When I left the movie theater, I was impressed at the fact that the movie didnt bomb. Yes, I know that a lot of sequels to a great movie turn out to be crap, but that was proved wrong with Terminator 2: Judgement Day, Aliens (sequel to Alien), and a couple other titles. Well, this is another example to prove that statement wrong as this movie held together until the end. <br />The story takes place with the time being now, present day. John Connor (Nick Stahl), the soon-to-be hero in the future, lives without any type of personal information. As in saying, he doesnt have a home, no computer, nothing is in his name, and basically he lives off of the streets. This is because he's still paranoid from the fact that the machines from the future sent a machine (the T-1000, played by Robert Patrick) to terminate him so he wouldnt be alive and would never exist in the future. Anyway, he's still afraid that there may actually be a chance there is a terminator being sent from the future for a second chance in wiping him out. And boy, was he right. Out steps the T-X (Kristanna Loken), who is more powerful than the T-1000, having the same things as the last machine, but even more such as a metal exoskeleton under the liquid metal (the T-1000 was only liquid metal), and being able to change forms and shapes into anything that it sees, just like the T-1000. The only protector that John Connor can depend on is the T-101 &lt;or T-800&gt; (Arnold Schwarzenegger), who was his guardian in the second movie. From then on, this movie takes you on a great action experience. From car chases on a huge crane truck, to a one on one showdown between the T-101 and the T-X, this movie will not displease you one least bit (that's my opinion, though)!<br />Also, there will be some twists in the movie, and I will not give out the twists, as its much more enjoyable not knowing while you're watching the movie... Enjoy!<br />Rated R for strong sci-fi violence and action, language and brief nudity.
B00005YW4H|2.0|Music is good (somewhat sleepy...) but something went wrong in the recording. The instrument balance is not so good and Norah's voice is badly recorded, too rough.
0385504209|4.0|Above all other criticism and/or praise, Dan Brown's &quot;Da Vinci Code&quot;  is inarguably an interesting and exciting read.  Although critics do have some merit to the argument that his characters lack the definition of other, more mirthful novels, Brown uses a healthy sampling of wit, intelligence, and anecdotes to keep a reader turning the over 400 pages of this book.<br />To argue that this book is not worth buying because of the historical inaccuracies is MISSING the point of a FICTIONAL novel; it's make-believe!  Brown twists the facts to suit his own purposes as a story-teller; doing just that seems to be Brown's call to guard.<br /> He does a splendid job keeping this novel moving, and his tempo never wavers.<br />I was fully satisfied with my purchase (once I realized that I couldn't expect an acutely accurate historical nonfiction work from a middle-aged novelist), and I would be confident in saying that you will too.
0385504209|2.0|Like others,this book was highly recommended to me. Although the subject matter was very interesting, the writing style left me wanting more. The characters were not fully developed and after a while, it became predictable. I felt as if the author was telling me everything, instead of letting me figure some things out on my own. After all the high praise, I was dissapointed.
B000069KE0|4.0|After all this time, Chicago II still remains their best-loved album.  While I believe Chicago's first album, Chicago Transit Authority, was in fact a better record, it is not hard to see why most choose this one.<br />The great horn experiment continues with first side (as it appeared on vinyl) with a good set of songs.  \\"Movin' In\\", \\":The Road\\", \\"Poem For The People\\", \\"In The Country\\" and \\"Wake Up Sunshine\\".  While these songs rarely make it to anyone's \\"greatest hits\\" list, they are a solid opening, memorable, and quite well done.<br />However, it is the series of songs on the second album side (again, as it appeared on vinyl) that cemented Chicago's status as a popular band.  Labeled \\"Ballet for a Girl In Buchanan&quot; suite, we recognize it better as \\"Make Me Smile\\".  This \\"suite\\" is a series of movements which opens with the above mentioned hit and then changes moods through \\"So Much To Say, So Much To Give\\", \\"Anxiety's Moment\\", \\"West Virginia Fantasies\\", \\"Colour My World\\", \\"To Be Free\\" and finally \\"Now More Than Ever\\" which is actually a reprise of \\"Make Me Smile\\".  Each of these \\"movements\\" have their own pacing and moods which build toward the exciting conclusion of \\"Now More Than Ever\\".  \\"Colour My World\\" was a popular single in its own right and frequently was used as a \\"slow dance\\" number at parties and weddings because of its dreamy character.  For the most part, I advise the casual listener to purchase any one of the \\"greatest hits\\" or \\"retrospective\\" packages if they wish to have some Chicago in their music library; but \\"Ballet for a Girl In Buchanan&quot; suite is worth the purchase of Chicago II all by itself.<br />The rest of Chicago II yields two more excellent songs \\"Fancy Colors\\" and \\"25 Or 6 To 4\\".  \\"25 Or 6 To 4\\" remains one of Chicago's signature songs and packs all the excitement the band is known for into one tight song.  \\"Fancy Colors\\" is fun and was popular at the time but is not nearly as memorable.<br />Unfortunately, the rest of Chicago II is not as good.  Make no mistake, it is good music; but it is only moderately interesting and I doubt anyone would apply more than a few listenings to what remains.  Others sometimes mention the last song, \\"Where Do We Go From Here\\", as a great tune in Chicago's catalogue; but I never have seen it that way.<br />Still, these reservations aside, Chicago II stands as a great rock and roll record.  If you want to have a few actual Chicago records for your collection, this definitely is one you should own.  The Rhino edition contains the single versions of \\"Make Me Smile\\" and \\"25 Or 6 To 4\\" as bonus tracks.  If you enjoy making your own complication CD's like I do, these bonus tracks are nice to have.go II is not as good.  Make no mistake, it is good music; but it is only moderately interesting and I doubt anyone would apply more than a few listenings to what remains.  Others sometimes mention the last song, \\"Where Do We Go From Here\\", as a great tune in Chicago's catalogue; but I never have seen it that way.  <br />Still, these reservations aside, Chicago II stands as a great rock and roll record.  If you want to have a few actual Chicago records for your collection, this definitely is one you should own.  The Rhino edition contains the single versions of \\"Make Me Smile\\" and \\"25 Or 6 To 4\\" as bonus tracks.  If you enjoy making your own complication CD's like I do, these bonus tracks are nice to have.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Miss Britney Spears' 4th album &quot;In The Zone&quot; is one of the few good adult album to date. This album keeps it coming. At first it was kinda hard to get into as much as me against the music but after a couple listens its one of my faves.<br />Lots of good dance beats and sultry lyrics its banging. This is Britney's best album yet. Everyone seems to compare this to Christina's &quot;Stripped&quot; and I dont think that's really fair. Christina has been mean and talked crap about Britney when Britney defended Christina. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. <br />Overall this album is great. Not so pop-ish and more of a hip-hop vibe.
0393037010|2.0|I disliked this so much, I had to review it.  The use of period vocabulary and nautical terms had me running for a dictionary or the web more times than I considered reasonable. Had to give up before the &quot;sophie&quot; even set sail.
B0000CNY27|5.0|ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK is a big Western masquerading as an action-packed Sci Fi romp.  Sergio Leone could not have made it any better, and witness that John Carpenter even used Leone alum Lee Van Cleef!  Made at the dawn of the 80s ... this is the movie that made Kurt Russell an action hero, cemented John Carpenter as a filmmaker with a style all his own, and took the decline of New York (during that period it was the crime capitol of the world) to dizzying ridiculous hyperbole.  It's dated now.  New York did not become a maximum security prison, we've yet to elect an English President, and fashion has come a long way along with action films.  But this movie holds its own quirky charm!<br />The story revolves around Snake Plisken, a convicted bank robber and veteran of a war in (of all places) Siberia (which is why he wears black and white camo pants).  He has 24 hours to break in to New York, save the President of the US who has been hijacked into Manhattan which is a maximum security prison.  Along the way he will find gangs of lunatics, old allies, and ultimately the Duke of New York (Issac Hayes - giving his best pimp daddy performance).<br />It's all giddy fun from start to finish!  Carpenter delivers a great score, and all the actors seem to be having a blast playing larger than life parts!  It was a hit back in the day, and has remained a cult favorite almost immediately.<br />The collector's edition features commentary by Carpenter and Kurt (together again for another funny and informative audio track).  The commentary was recorded in 1994, so forgive them for not knowing about 9-11 during the World Trade Center sequences.  Oddly enough the two provide commentary on the deleted &quot;bank robbery&quot; sequence, and that sounds newly recorded.  Also featured is a 2nd commentary featuring Debra Hill and the production designer.  They get more technical, and have the fortune of recording this track recently.  Included are trailers, a documentary, a comic book, and radio spots.  The transfer is MUCH better than the previous transfer for the single disc, but both are a major improvement over video.<br />Very worthwile piece of 80s filmmaking!ook, and radio spots.  The transfer is MUCH better than the previous transfer for the single disc, but both are a major improvement over video.  <br />Very worthwile piece of 80s filmmaking!
0061015725|5.0|Very quick read.  Great plot. Very interesting nanotechnology subject matter...likely just a few years away given recent advancements in the field.  If you're into this stuff and like Michael Crichton's style you won't be able to put this down.
B000000OAN|5.0|Well this is the best of the best band ever in my opinion.  People criticize them for overproduction, which of course is what any great experimental band has ever done in the recording studio.  I think certain music to a degree can get criticized if there's no substance to the material other than studio trickery.  Queen, especially in the 70s, never shorthanded their fans in music quality and didn't use the synths everyone was adopting at the time.  They used their creative minds musically (writing and performing all of their own instruments and instruments you were amazed that they could play such as the Harp on Love of my Life and the Toy Koto on The Prophet Song) and technically layering their vocals, guitar parts and even drums which had to actually be recorded in seperate studios because of the lack of technology they had at the time) to produce the best music they could for their time.  <br />They were each virtuosos on their own instruments and their playing was never better than it was on this album.  Songwriting-wise they each contributed some of if not their best songs ever on this record lyrically and musically.  <br />Lets first take Roger's I'm In Love With My Car, clearly his best rocker that he himself sings.  It's great to hear the vocal harmonies in the chorus, featured as the opening tag in the remixed version not being covered up by all of the other tremendous instrumentation.  John Deacon, of all the band members writes the true pop classic of the whole album You're My Best Friend which has been featured in movies and commercials all over the place.  It features an electric piano sound which blends perfectly with the vocal harmonies and Brian's guitar work.<br />Now the big boys, Brian and Freddie...Even though Good Company has tremendous guitar orchestrations and features Brian playing all the guitar and banjo parts on it, I still prefer '39 as his best vocal song.  The middle section of '39 featuring Roger singing the mega-falsetto ahhhhhhhh'salong with Freddie really adds tremendous atmosphere to the country ballad.  That's what is great about pretty much every song written by Brian on this record.  You feel like you're being transported to another place.  Before I get around to his masterpiece (The Prophet Song), I have to get to Sweet Lady which is a very underated song by him.  The lyrics are great &quot;you call me sweet like I'm some kind of cheese&quot; and definately shows his heavy metal-pop sound which becomes more realized in his next rocker Tie Your Mother Down featured on the next album A Day at the Races.<br />Okay now for The Prophet Song...Early Queen albums had it's share of epic songs like Liar, Great King Rat, March of the Black Queen, all written by Freddie.  Now for the first and really only time, Brian takes the ambitious step to write a song with different sections.  This song has many levels, from his slow intro played on the toy koto, to the narrative verses, to the anthemic chorus, to the choirboy echoing in both speakers accapella section, moving into the rauchous heavy metal section and then blending perfectly back down to his delicately played koto and connecting seemlessly to the next slow love ballad written by Freddie.<br />Which leads me to the man MAN!!!  Here he's at his purest.  Writing really his last ever heavy metal song Death on Two Legs which was about their former manager.  Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon and Seaside Rendevous shows Freddie's love for the old ragtime/showtune style he started with Bring Back that Leroy Brown on the previous album and followed up with The Millionaire Waltz and Good Old Fashioned Loverboy on the next album.  <br />Love of My Life is a gorgegous song both melodically and harmonically.  Then we get to Freddie's masterpiece...Bohemian Rhapsody.  What can you say about it..There will never be another one of these ever recorded.  Their harmonies (both vocals and guitars) were their best ever on this song.  The most special thing about thissong has to do with variety of different musical styles performed masterfully.<br />Most bands refer to Sgt. Pepper by the Beatles when they say they hope they can make an album they can say is their best.  A Night at The Opera I believe is far better than the Beatles Sgt. Pepper (not that I think Sgt. Pepper is even the Beatles best).  I am truely surprised this album gets overlooked as much as it does when people start thinking about the best albums of all time.  Probably due to it's lack of singles since Queen only released You're My Best Friend and Bohemian Rhapsody from it.  Lastly, I have to say...the music from this album makes me live.
B0000CD5I6|5.0|This CD is great.  Every song is great.  The singing, lyrics and music are all great.  Even the packaging is great.  In short, this is just a great album.
B0000042MY|5.0|In many TV programs I hear these melodys... ¿Why?  IS THE BETTER SOUNDTRACK, specially for the epic and classic style of their songs.  My favorites, \\"The Main Title\\" and \\"The Elk Hunt\\" (a great begin), \\"Promentory\\", a classic of the pop music, and \\"The Courier\\", short but very wonderful.<br />Congratulations Trevor Jones by this excelent work.<br />A classic forever.
B00005JMTQ|5.0|I went to see \\"Somethin's Gotta Give\\" expecting a romantic comedy<BR>with little or no comedy,but five minutes into this film I discovered I was wrong.The movie is about Harry played by Jack Nicholson a fity something bachelor who has been dating much younger women for years.When his girlfriend Marren played by Amanda Peet takes him to her mothers house the two meet quite hilariously.Erica is an uptight playwright played by Diane Keaton<BR>who hasn't dated a man since her divorce and ends up finding her special someone in Harry.But after Harry suffers a heart attack and is forced to stay with Erica romance blossoms.But Harry's younger doctor played by Keanu Reeves has fallen in love with Erica.Now also bringing light to an already hilarious film is Frances McDormand as Erica's sister Zoe.This film is one of the funniest filns of the year,with Keaton and Nicholson excellently cast this is one great movie
B00005JKG9|5.0|I can't believe the prices I see this movie selling for at stores...It's almost an insult to the movie that it's so cheap.  I'll take it though.  This movie features just about all of my favorite actors Pacino, Spacey, Harris, and Lemmon.  My favorite performance though believe it or not is Alec Baldwin.  That may have been the most perfect performance of a one scene character in a movie I've ever seen.  <br />The screenplay actually steals the show more than these great actors and that's not putting the actors down at all since they're all at their peak.  Pacino calling Spacey a \\"stupid c**t\\" is classic Pacino.  Harris's acting is his machismo-smartguy best.  Spacey is perfectly cast as the guy everyone hates.  His ability to go from easy-going abnoxiousness to desperate angst makes his character very believable.  Lemmon is the thinking man's actor.  He's always aware of his character's motives and they are constantly switching depending on what situations take place.<br />This movie is great to watch for people wanting to become actors.  You can use many of the monologues as audition pieces in fact I saw a book the other day that contained one of them.  Another movie I recommend to watch that is kind of similiar in that it has great actors and a great screenplay and has another fine performance of Jack Lemmon in it is 12 Angry Men (the remake).
015626224X|5.0|The story begins in Paris, with a British writer, who loses all of his money, sells almost all of his clothes, nearly starves, and is about to be evicted from his apartment. He decides that he has no alternative, except to find work. After long of struggle he finds a job working as a dishwasher in the basement of a posh Paris hotel, he describes the filth of the kitchens, and the sad plight of those working in the kitchens. While there he works all day, often running around trying to do ten jobs at once, anyone who has worked at a place like McDonald's around lunch time knows what this is like, he then goes home, sleeps and comes back the next day. He can feel the work eating away at his life. He eventually moves to a new Russian restaurant and is worked half to death there also. He gives up there also and writes to a friend back in London about work. His friend tells him of a job as a translator that pays a decent salary, and the writer leaves for England. When he arrives in England he finds that his job opening has been postponed for a month. He accepts his fate and decides to become a tramp for the next month. He sells everything he has except for one pair of clothes, and buys some cheap tramp clothes. The nice clothes he saved he stores at the train station so that he can wear them when his job opens, then he spends the month wandering around looking for a bite to eat and a place to sleep. He begins to understand the ways of being a tramp, and while he doesn't live a life of luxury, he discovers that the tramps around him are people too. George Orwell tells the experiences of being down and out in Paris and London in a sometimes humorous, and always straightforward way. My favorite quote from the book is: &quot;It is a feeling of relief, almost of pleasure, at knowing yourself at last genuinely down and out. You have talked so often of going to the dogs-and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it. It takes off a lot of anxiety.&quot; This is a great book. One I heartily recommend along with three other titles, Post Office by Bukowski, Tropic of Cancer by Miller, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez
0385335482|4.0|This book was hysterical...I laughed at the mayhem...and I know people like this &lt;grin&gt; If you enjoy and understand British humor...then this book is for you!
B00001ODGR|5.0|Fantastic...No getting around the fact that Dennis Deyoung and the boys are captured in one brilliant DVD...No more words needed...This is a Classic...Get it!
B00009TB5G|5.0|The theatrical release of &quot;The Two Towers&quot; was superb, and the extended edition here has mixed extra baggage. Some of the scenes seem crucial (the Aragorn/Brego scene springs to mind, as does the Boromir/Faramir stuff), but many show that the editing was right to begin with.<br />In any event, the extras on the two other DVDs are very well worth it for the fan. They take you behind the scenes in a thorough and interesting manner, and reveal some of the magic without diminishing the effect.<br />Overall, a great set for the fan of this spectacular trilogy.
B00007G1ZM|5.0|The perennial Joan Crawford delivers an exquisite portrait of an unconditionally devoted mother in this very riveting melodrama. She plays a simple mother that strives to provide the world and its wonders on a gold platter to her daughter, Veda, who turns out spoiled and quite evil. Of course, a Joan's movie won't be complete without plenty of melodrama and a catty character (only this time it isn't Joan's), both with which this film is rife.<br />Sometimes the dynamics between the mother and the daughter are inconsistent and very illogical. Nevertheless, this is truly a great classic worthy of your attention.
B00008S2VG|4.0|Madonna is always full of surprises, not only because she changes all the time, but also (as in American Life) because she doesn't change when you expect her to!  This a Pop album with many electronic elements (as opposed to Music with many Country guitars and Ray of Light that had lots of Rock moments).  <BR>American Life (the song) has a section when she raps, unlike all the critics i think it's rather nice, and she succeeds to make the point(s): &quot;I'd like to express my extreme point of view.  I'm not a Christian and I'm not Jew.&quot;  <BR>Nothing Fails not only has great lyrics it also has a very nice choir section.  Contrast in lyrics is amazing: &quot;I'm not religious, but I feel so moved.  It makes me want to pray.&quot;  <BR>X-Static Process is deep philosophy: &quot;I'm not myself when you're around.  I'm myself standing in a crowd.&quot;  But there is more.  Easy Ride, i think, is the best song in this album.  Musically it's great: a mixture of Pop, electronics, classic.  Lyrically it's amazing: <BR>&quot;I go round and round just like a circle<BR>I can see a clearer picture<BR>When I touch the ground I come full circle<BR>To my place and I am home.&quot; <BR>One buys Madonna's CDs not only because they're great, but also to see what she's done this time round.
B000066NW0|5.0|Avril is really cool! I love all her music. I get pissed off at people who say that her music is crappy and fake. GET REAL!!! She is just singing about real things; what teens go through, what they feel. I like her because she's different, and so is her music. So artists like Hilary Duff have sappy, happy music about life. Well life isn't like that.I used to like Hilary's music but then I got a life. I think Avril has great potential and her music is great. Personally I love music like Avril and Good Charlotte. Hard rock or punk is really good music if you give it a chance!!! Buy this CD! It totally rocks!
B00005JMFR|4.0|First off, I thought the Matrix trilogy was excellent, minus a few sorted details. The concept shown in the first edition of the world of the matrix, was well done to say the least. <BR>When I went to see Reloaded when it came out, I was having mixed feelings of what to expect from it. But I thought that the action scenes with the highway chase, Neo in the hallway with the whole bullet time thing, and lets not forget Neo and the multiple Smiths hacking it out in the streets, was well done and I was really impressed with the whole storyline and how they thickened the plot after the first movie. If I had to choose my favourite of the three I would definately say Reloaded purely because I thought it was the most well done of the three. <BR>Revolutions was a memorable and worthy conclusion to the trilogy but it was my least favourite of the three. I thought the battle scenes at Zion with the machines was incredible and definately worth seeing in theatres, and the storyline was fitting with Reloaded and continuing onto Revolutions, considering Revolutions picked up right where Reloaded left off. My only problem with the whole trilogy pretty much, was the last fifteen minutes or so of Revolutions. The storyline got kind of confusing, not in the sense of not understanding what was going on so much as why the Wachowskis tied it up like that. The ending seemed kind of rushed, and some parts even ridiculous. Trinity dying isn't something I would have wrote in if I had wrote the ending, but I understand why she did, because it makes sense with the whole theme of the two conclusions. However, I was disappointed with what they did with her character. And regarding Neo, I was more pissed off with what they did with him rather than confused with the small questions it left everyone with. But still, COME ON. What, is he just supposed to sit there in the machine world for the rest of his life, or just a few decades and maybe then consider returning to Zion? And even if he does go back to Zion, hows he going to get there? Feel his way back? <br />Even so, an excellent trilogy, despite the few rushed and some-what ridiculous final minutes, and its worth seeing all three movies anyways. I know I'm going to buy them when they all come out. Why let the last few minutes ruin the whole thing?
0790729350|5.0|Hey, folks, don't give up on this DVD based on the review from New Jersey Jeff. If he really saw Woodstock when it came out, that means he was alive in 1969, but he sure wasn't aware of the music scene in those days. The blues ruled--look at the bands from the late 60's that were making waves--Hendrix, Cream, Led Zeppelin, Steve Miller, Big Brother, Fleetwood Mac, Johnny Winter, and so on. These were bands whose sounds had blues at the roots. Look at the first Grateful Dead album: &quot;Good Morning Little School Girl&quot; is as blues as you get. Cheap Thrills? My God, Turtle Blues? Ball and Chain? Jeff liked Joplin, but he didn't like blues from Canned Heat. Jeff, the director didn't add blues for modern viewers. Blues music informed almost everthing that was being played at the concert that summer! Listen to Joe Cocker. You don't think he added blues to &quot;A Little Help from My Friends'? Listen to &quot;Red House&quot; if you don't think Hendrix played the blues. <BR>If you want a documentary of the most important concert of the 60s, buy this. Then get &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; to see how the Woodstock dream ended
0783231202|5.0|A film by Steven Spielberg<br />\\"Amistad\\" is a fact based account of a 1839 revolt by African slaves on the slaveship La Amistad, and the legal trial in the United States over what exactly should be done with them after they were rescued (and imprisoned) on American soil.  \\"Amistad\\" was Spielberg's first serious work since \\"Schindler's List\\" (not counting \\"Jurassic Park 2\\" which was also released in 1997), and it should be counting among the best movies of 1997.  It is a powerful film.<br />The central story is that of the African slaves.  The movies focuses on one particular slave, Cinque (Djimon Honsou), so that we have someone to be interested in, and so that the human story of their experiences can be told.  They were able to overthrow the slavers while on the slave ship, but their captive was able to sail them to America rather than back to Africa.  Upon arrival in America, the slaves are promptly captured by American soldiers and imprisoned until their status can be ascertained.  As the lawyer for the Africans, Baldwin (Matthew McConaughey) says in the movie, \\"it is a matter of property.\\"  Who owns the slaves?  The soldiers who captured the slaves claim ownership as salvage.  The slavers claim ownership citing a legal purchase of the slaves in Cuba.  The government of Spain claims ownership.  The Africans say they are free men.  Who owns the slaves?  Are they legal property?  This central question is what the movie revolves around and works towards answering.  We learn the answer early in the movie, but the question is what can Baldwin prove before the courts, and will the courts listen to him?<br />Steven Spielberg did a good job in showing that this was not just a case of the white man jumping and rescuing the black man.  That did exist here, but Spielberg showed just how central and important Cinque was, how his actions and his words were what helped the case for the Africans the most.  All the while, Baldwin and Joadson (Morgan Freeman), a freed slave, are entreating former President John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins) to become an advocate on behalf of the Africans.<br />As I mentioned earlier, this is a very powerful film.  There is an extended sequence were Spielberg shows the experience of the slave ship and it is so horrible that I don't think I can put words to it.  While \\"Amistad\\" may not rank quite as high as \\"Schindler's List\\" or \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" on the list of great movies, this is an excellent movie that deals with a subject usually ignored.  This is a slower paced film, with more time spend talking and in the courtroom, but it is a very good one, too.re entreating former President John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins) to become an advocate on behalf of the Africans.<br />As I mentioned earlier, this is a very powerful film.  There is an extended sequence were Spielberg shows the experience of the slave ship and it is so horrible that I don't think I can put words to it.  While \\"Amistad\\" may not rank quite as high as \\"Schindler's List\\" or \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" on the list of great movies, this is an excellent movie that deals with a subject usually ignored.  This is a slower paced film, with more time spend talking and in the courtroom, but it is a very good one, too.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I don't understand why the producers can put out such piece of CRAP. She is not really singing. You can hear all the eletronic and voices helping her behind. Damn when this woman will take singing lessons and discover that singing is an art? Is sad that she and her producers are trying to sell her image to TEENS that are not ready to decide what is good and what is not good. Don't buy it is a piece of GARBAGE! Guys open your eyes because her bank account is growing BIGGER and BIGGER!!!!!!!
B000089RVX|1.0|i hate this stupid band. and i hate it when they are compared to lacuna coil. dont ever compare them to this loser, poser band. they are not even goth, they are just wannabe goth so those stupid poser kids can buy this crap. plus the woman cant even sing. she sounds ok on the cd, but live she sounds like she has a damn sore throat. this is a pathetic band that plays crappy music, and whoever calls this band goth is just some stupid poser. if u want goth try some cradle of filth, dimmu borgir, marilyn manson, and marduk. i give this album pure nothing.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Jackson doesn't believe that the extended version would play well in theaters and that may well be true but I won't go to a theater to watch this trilogy as I want to see every frame he has recorded.  He's contributed a beautiful piece of work that we can savor for many years to come.
0767840135|5.0|I've watched several of the Cirque performances on Bravo HD. It really is like being in first row.  The picture is so clear.  <BR>Not to say that the performances in each aren't excellent, but as far as &quot;story-line&quot; goes...most of them run together after a while and I can't say personally that any one stood out from another, until I saw Quidam.   It is darker and intensely more magical than any of the other shows I've seen.  I highly recommend it and plan to buy this dvd.  I know this is one that I could watch again and again!
B0000DZEA1|4.0|I miss the Hobbit songs, even as short as they were, from all three movies.  And we all could use more of Mr. Boyd's voice saying or singing just about anything.
B000065U1N|3.0|Many years ago, the British made a film called Zulu where thousands of Zulu tribesmen rushed at a camp and were shot down by about 100 British soldiers.<br />The same effect occurs here. The Americans are surrounded. The weapons are stronger, but the effect is just the same. THe Americans are people while the Somalis are not. The American soldiers die in pain - often in slow motion - and they are named in the credits. The Somali soldiers just get shot or blown up and we are told that 1000 died compared to 19 Americans.<br />The Americans are depicted as brave, while the Somalis are shown as maniacs.<br />Nonetheless, there is a lot to like in this film with some creat action scenes. The fight scenes are well done.<br />THe film has no real centre, after the carnage, there is one scene at the end when a man dimly walks across a road with his dead child, there is no vision that this war may be destroying all involved in it. In the end, it is a film that has very divided sympathies and does not work as a whole.
B00003CXV4|4.0|Of course the premise is absurd but you know that going into it.  Nevertheless, Sara (Theron) will wrap you around her finger just as she did Keanu Reeves.  Sure, Reeves can be kind of wooden but it doesn't affect the movie.  It's charming throughout.  Cynical bashing of 'chick flicks' is pretty standard but, assuming you can get past that, I think you'll enjoy this movie.
B0000BWVCM|4.0|Usually sequels to so-so movies are just as bad.  Not in the case of X2. This time around, the director doesn't have to spend half the movie introducing the characters (who are well known to those who follow the comic book, cartoons, etc.) Instead, we are put right into the story, which I thought was wonderful.  The movie picks up where the first left off and &quot;kicks it up a notch&quot;. There is more excitement in this movie - including a wonderful fight scene in the beginning of the movie starring Nightcrawler. I would highly recommend this movie to those that are interested in this genre.
B00007GZR5|5.0|this movie is one the few movies i've ever seen that makes me cry. it is truly heart-wrenching. so very touching. and no, not in that sappy chick-flick way. powerful movie. you just have to watch it. it makes you think...
0679428895|5.0|Robert Harris skillfully recreates the events leading up to and following the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius in 79 A.D. in his extensively researched historical fiction Pompeii.<br />Through the eyes of Marcus Attilius Primus, aquarius and chief engineer of the Aqua Augusta, the aqueduct providing fresh water to the cities sitting on the Bay of Naples, we experience Roman society in and around Pompeii.  Attilius is summoned by the emperor to Misenum, home of the royal navy, to evaluate a problem with the water supply.  Pinpointng the problem to an area adjacent to Mt. Vesuvius, Attilius aided by the scholarly Pliny, commander of the navy, sails to Pompeii.<br />While in Pompeii, Attilius learns quickly that the real reins of power are wielded by Ampliatus, a former slave and now a land speculator and richest man in Pompeii.  Ampliatus cultivates a level of decadence and ambivalence in Pompeii that leads to inactivity as it becomes apparent that their are some major geologic problems facing the inhabitants of the city.  Attilius, a widower, becomes enamored with Ampliatus' insightful and compassionate daughter Corelia.<br />With materials supplied by Ampliatus, Attilius sets out to repair the damage to the aqueduct on the slope of Vesuvius.  While affecting repairs, he observes the initial seismic events which will lead to the eventual eruption.<br />Harris masterfully narrates the events resulting in the tremendous devastation to the cities bordering on the Bay of Naples.  He interestingly explores the psyche of the citizens of the area who at the time were more apt to shun scientific explanations and base these events as signs from the gods.  Harris immerses us in the ancient world of Rome as we live through four monumental days of nature's havoc.
B00008H2LB|1.0|I got this CD form a friend who, after buying it could not stand it. After listening to it, well, what can I say: Just another corny, ridiculous, pretentious band. I remember the good old days when bands actually had something to say, and did it in an original way. All these stupid bands (Limp Biscuit etc) can't be differenttiated one from the other since they all follow the same formula to drain the money out of every single pimple faced kid in America.    No self respecting adult would listen to this garbage.  This band and the other Rage Against the Machine imitators are to the 2000's what the backstreet boys were to the 90's
B00005QK3D|5.0|Underated,pure and simple,this album's great,although a few of these song's are lame,mainly the Pink bubbles one,Heavy metal hamsters,and Number One.Now as far as I'm concerned two and a half song's out of eleven isn't bad,considering the fact that I think all of the new Helloween stuff suck's.And Queens Ryche to me alway's sucks...
0345452577|5.0|I thought that I was not going to enjoy this novel very much because of the change in main character. I haven't read all the Delaware novels yet, but I enjoyed enormously those I have read. In the Conspiracy Club Kellerman sticks to what has made him a best-selling author...a psychologist involved in a mystery as main character.<br />After his girlfriend is murdered in a gruesome manner, Dr. Jeremy Carrier is considered the main suspect by the police. As other girls are murdered this suspicion intensifies and Jeremy finds himself looking for the killer with the help of a stranger that sends anonymous messages and clues to him through the hospital mail. The clues started coming after he was invited to a \\"secret\\" dinner by one of the doctors on staff, Dr. Chess. In this dinner Jeremy met four very intriguing elderly people that piqued his curiosity and whose backgrounds are part of the solution to the mystery.<br /><br />The novel is very well written and keeps you on edge, presenting a considerable variety of suspects and a very interesting plot. I couldn't put it down!
B0000AQVCL|2.0|...That there was now such a generic, packaged formula for \\"retro-rock\\". First time I heard the cd my ears perked up \\"wow, sounds good\\" I thought. Second time I heard it, I was like...hmmm...what exactly is it about this music that sounds..empty...vacuous...cheesy...inane...insipid. By the third time I had heard it, it was clear that this band was a front, and that there was a corporate shadow in the background. Jet is contrived and prepackaged. Still has a few nice hooks, a couple nice lyrical phrase turns. It's better than a lot of the other schlock out there I guess, but if you want authenticity and soul, don't go with Jet. Try something, anything, by the Brian Jonestown Massacre, the best band in the world that nobody has ever heard of, or the Warlocks, or BRMC.
B000002W9P|5.0|People who complain about how alot of Power Metal sound's to much like Mid career Helloween.Obviously don't know what good vocals are,because this is where it all started.Michael kiske,not to be confused with the sorry ass Geoff Tate,has spawned a legion of wanna be immitator's,and not one of them come's close to the legend.But I still enjoy listening to them try.And it doesn't bother me in the slightest to buy group's that immulate him,and the early Helloween's musical style.In my oppinion you can't get better than this group.Although Stratovarius,Sonata Arctica,Rhapsody,Therion,Both Nocturnal Rites,Falconer,and the really impressive new band's Brainstorm,and Black Majesty along with many,many more great power metal band's,still this band in it's prime was,and still is,to me the absolute best in Power Metal.If you don't like this album,you should by stuff that doesn't sound like good traditional Power Metal.Maybe like the NEW Helloween,with their horrible sorry excuse for a singer Andy Deris,and the sorry ass,bad song writting,glammy ass,Queens Ryche.With Geoff Tate,a man that to me sound's just a little bit like Michael Kiske.And to even think that a band that sound's that F!cking bad,could even be compaired to mid career Helloween make's me seriously ill.And if Mid career Helloween was a copy,then they totally in every possable way,shape and form exceeded their sorry ass mentors.So in short,if you want good Power Metal that was,and still is,ground breaking,then get this,and all the other Mid Career Helloween album's.
B0000399WI|4.0|Shawshank Redemption is a film so worthy of your attention.  Exceptional performances from the entire cast, plus a storyline so engaging that you will find it hard to walk off. Many have commented on its length (over 140 minutes), but you don't really notice it.<br />I strongly recommend true fans of the films purchase the Australian DVD for it's pristine transfer, plus the 'making of' documentary which is not avaiable on the American DVD.<br />I still can't believe this film was so overlooked on it's theatrical run.  The Quiet Achiever.
B000089RVR|4.0|- \\"No Angel\\" is still the better work<BR>- Strong Dido styled with a cherry on top<BR>- She crosses genres like a champ<BR>- Will please all ages<BR>- Vocals were great <BR>- All the songs were not as \\"embellishing\\" or \\"meaty\\" <BR>- \\"White Flag\\" is the favored Strong-Song<BR>- Good sequencing, but very basic almost boring<BR>- Lyrical content: Strong, Clever, full of relationship talk<BR>- Production: top notch<BR>- Performances: top notch<BR>- Worth purchasing and listening to over and over!<br />&lt;OTHER  RECOMMENDED  ALBUMS   SIMILAR-GENRA  WORTH  PURCHACING&gt;<br />No Angel<BR>A Rush of Blood to the Head<BR>Fumbling Towards Ecstasy<BR>Fallen From Grace<BR>Tales of a Librarian
B000022TSW|1.0|First off, I'm a big fan of the South Park TV show.  The TV show has always been crude, vulgar, and witty.  The movie is not witty.  The whole movie is just trash!  They must have used the f-word over one hundred times and it never generates a laugh.  They were going purely for shock value of the f-word.  It seems the script was written by a bunch of 10-year-olds that just learned how to swear.  C'mon, I know these guys can do better.<br />     I am not one of those people that are hyper-sensitive about everything.  I am just calling it as I see it.  This movie is stupid.  I really don't understand what other people see in this movie.  I think people just like the excessive vulgarity.  This movie will seem very dated over time as the next &quot;Elvis&quot; becomes popular.<BR> <BR>     The story is OK but slow moving because of all of the lame songs.  I would recommend getting any of the season DVDs before getting the movie.<br />PS ...or get the newer Primus DVD... highly recommended!
B0000C6E4D|3.0|- &quot;Fumbling&quot; is still her best work<BR>- &quot;Surfacing&quot; is a runner up<BR>- &quot;Afterglow&quot; is very slow moving, perhaps often boring<BR>- Not her best work, not even comparable<BR>- &quot;Fallen&quot; is the chosen strong song<BR>- Vocal, as always...(perfect)<BR>- Lyrical content: shallow, cliché, underachieved<BR>- Production is top notch<BR>- Performances were top notch<BR>- Worth purchasing if a fan of hers<BR>- Big disappointment for me personally.<br />&lt;OTHER RECOMMENDED ALBUMS  SIMILAR-GENRA WORTH PURCHACING&gt;<br />* A Rush of Blood to the Head<BR>* Jagged Little Pill<BR>* Fallen From Grace<BR>* The Very Best of Sheryl Crow<BR>* Life for Rent
B0000C8AVM|5.0|My Cousin was named after Bob Dylan and I never understood why untill I heard Blood On The Tracks, Bob Dylans best album. Not only is Blood On The Tracks Bob Dylans best but it is also one of the top albums of all time. Every song on Blood On The Tracks is a classic with Dylans amazing lyrics. Blood On The Tracks alone proves the Bob Dylan is the single greatest song writer of all time.<br />'Tangled Up In Blue' has always been my all time favorite Bob Dylan song which makes Blood On The Tracks even better for  me. I truly think this is the best song on the album. Its a fantastic love song that stretches through the years. It starts way back when the two young lovers meet and how their familys dont approve of their relationship. The two go their sepperate ways and meet up again in the end.<br />'Shelter From The Storm' is one of Bob Dylans top five songs of all time it has a great melody and some of Dylans best lyrics.<br />The rest of the album is just as fantastic as these two songs but I think 'Tangled Up In Blue' and 'Shelter From The Storm' are the two most outstanding tracks on Blood On The Tracks. This is by far Bob Dylans best album, never before or after was Bob Dylan able to write such amazing songs.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|I love Charlize and have seen every movie she's been in so far, and this one is just fun.  Seems that it would be tougher than the movie makes out to crack a safe, and I'm not sure what poliece she's working for in the beginning, but who cares because the movie is one of those popcorn munching, try not to think too much good times.  at least rent it and check it out.
0743243307|4.0|This review is coming from a American Muslim Bengali's perspective, and I've got to say that the book captured the very essence of many Muslim Bengali Immigrants here in Michigan. The author did a great job in capturing the Bengali traditions and the clash they had upon the Islamic religion. I consider myself more of a American Muslim than a Bengali, having never placed foot on Bangladesh once in my lifetime. The fact that Monica Ali did not distinguish the actions taken by the &quot;mulla&quot; and Nazneen as being extremely forbidden by Islam rather than just a &quot;sin&quot;, irritates me. Monica does not have to further her research on the Bengali culture, rather she should base her research on the misconceptions Bengali's have regarding their religion and culture clash (touching the feet of elders for their blessings is hindu-derived, whereas many &quot;Muslim&quot; Bengalis follow suit, it is strictly forbidden by Islam to bow to any one other than the Almighty). Her conception of the citizens of Dhaka vs those of Sylhet is very true. Being from a Sylheti family, I can feel the pressure without having ever being there. Although she writes from a British perspective, the story she conjures into being, can(possibly already has numerous times) take place in the streets of Hamtramck and Detroit, Michigan today!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|My wife and I were big fans of Firefly and were in utter shock when it went off the air.  This DVD collection is bitter sweet.  After watching each episode we look at each other and just go &quot;WOW&quot;. . . soon followed by &quot;WHY!?!. . . Why did they cancel this show!?!&quot;<br />The characters are all fantastic.  The scripts are always spot on, surprising, touching and often crack you up funny. . .<br />Mal - &quot;You know it works better when you lead them.&quot;<br />Jane - &quot;I like ta smack em.&quot; <br />Get this DVD collection.
0385504209|1.0|Perhaps the buildup was too great, but certainly my experience with this novel doesn't begin to match the wild acclaim that heralded its arrival.  Every turn of the page disappointed me more.  Mr. Brown has obviously hit a chord with some people, so for that I applaud him.  But is his novel an intelligent page-turner?  In my opinion, it wasn't. This book is written at a junior high level at best.  For me, the final straw came with the unveiling of a certain coded message (I won't spoil the story by being more specific). I recognized it instantly as a child's secret code.  If you ever owned a decoder ring, I'm sure you'll be able to figure out this code in a heartbeat, even though Mr. Brown's brilliant Harvard professor, and English historian both had trouble. Mr. Brown assumes that we must be told everything, and I do mean everything.  Despite the characters' supposedly rich intellectual backgrounds, they are forced to ask the most simplistic questions for reasons of exposition.  Though the premise is intriguing -- or could be in the right hands -- if you're looking for something to exercise your gray matter, I'm sorry to say this isn't the book to do it.
B00008PW2D|3.0|I really like this show, have the other seasons on DVD, and don't have HBO, which is why I bought this season. However I think the price they are asking for this season is ridiculous, considering it's only 8 episodes. For an average price of $40 where ever you look, that's about $5 an episode, which is ridiculous! Plus the episodes aren't the best compared to the other seasons, and there isn't enough Mr. Big. I'd recommend buying this only if you have the other seasons and want to complete your collection. Otherwise, get one of the earlier seasons.
B0000UHFC6|5.0|I would have to say this is the best soundtrack i have come accross. Inside, there's the music CD, the extended DVD, RotK stamps(can't be used, collectors item)and a little booklet with pictures from the movie. this is a DEFINITE MUST for all LotR fans! I got mine on New Years Eve 2003!
B0000CDLA7|4.0|This CD is great.  Dream Theater added a more heavy, distorted feel to their music, but the songs still have their sense of technique and style.  Tracks 1,2,3, and 7 are some of the best songs I have ever heard.  John Patrucci has some wicked guitar licks to go along with this CD.  Rudess also has a lot of time blocks to show his talent as well.<br />I don't know why some of the fans don't like this CD.  Maybe it's because they don't like heavier music.  Keep in mind, it is still Dream Theater's style.  Endless Sacrifice is my new favorite song, so I'd recommend listening to it.<br />If you liked &quot;Images and Words&quot; and &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; you will definitly enjoy this album.  The only reason I gave the CD a 4/5 stars is because Scenes From a Memory can't be beaten.
B00005JM4Z|1.0|This film doesn't even begin to engage with you at all on any levels. From the opening sequence, you will hate the characters because they're so flat. You will hate the soundtrack because it's angry black people shouting about their ho's and their bling. You will hate the director because he cannot direct, you will hate the writer because he cannot write.<br />I noticed some people said this film has 'attitude'. If attitude is (badly) making a (boring) film which is basically a two-hour long car advert, then yeah, this film's got it. <br />You could say it falls into the category of Mindless Action Film. Big testosterone fests that show off the old Hollwood budgeting strategy of spending most of it on explosives. There have been great Mindless Action Films in the past; Die Hard, Speed, and so on. This film doesn't even compare. It's below mindless. I'd rather watch a tub of paint than watch this again. If you want to be entertained, go watch something which is most certainly NOT either of the films in this franchise.
0446310786|5.0|&quot;You can shoot all the Bluebirds you want, but remember, it's a sin to kill a MockingBird&quot; This is the most important phrase in the book. It explains the title and the main moral and lesson of the book. This novel is about a lawyer, Atticus Finch, who is to defend a black man accused of raping a white girl in the 1930's. The story is told by Scout, Atticus's daughter. She tells of the trials her and her brother Jem have to go through as this case goes on. As the trial winds down, Tom Robinson, the black man, is found guilty of a crime everyone knew he didn't commit. The quote relates to Tom. This book is a great addition to anyone's library. This novel will leave a mark on your soul! While I'm at it, let me mention two other lesser-known but worthy Amazon picks that I enjoyed: WILL@epicqwest.com by Tom Grimes, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez -- two lively, fun novels that were an interesting change of pace for me. :o)
B0000TB01Y|4.0|I've seen the show, and I personally LOVED it. I'm a huge Idina Menzel fans, so seeing her was the real highlight of the show for me. As for fans of the book who don't like the musical because it's not faithful to the story - GET OVER IT. The two are totally seperate entities, sharing nothing more then basic plot and characters.<br />Now, on to my by-song review...<br />1. No One Mourns the Wicked - A very strange beginning to the show, especially since it's set in such a minor key. But Kristin Chenoweth has a masters in opera, and it really shows here. <br />2. Dear Old Shiz - Bleh. Skip it.<br />3. The Wizard and I - I love fast fowarding, because that lets me skip Carole Shelly's verse and go straight to Idina Menzel. For people who have never heard her before, be prepared to be blown away!<br />4. What is this Feeling? - When I first heard this song, it annoyed the CRAP out of me. I especially didn't like the chorus coming in at the end. But then it just kinda grew on me, and is now one of my favorite songs in the show. Just try and get it out of your head...<br />5. Something Bad - Stupid goat. Stupid song.<br />6. Dancing Through Life - Don't be put off by the long song (7+ minutes).  Onstage, the song makes much more sense because of all the characters and scene changes. Maybe I just like the song because of Christopher Fitzgerald (Boq) - I love his voice!<br />7. Popular - Kristin Chenoweth steals the show with this (duh). I won't say anything else, other then I guarentee that in 5 years this will be one of those great \\"character songs\\", right up there with \\"Adalaide's Lament\\" and \\"I Cain't Say No\\".<br />8. I'm Not That Girl - Cute. Sweet. Yawn.<br />9. One Short Day - You really have to see this live for it to make sense, but it's still very fun and catchy,<br />10. A Sentimental Man - To tell the truth, I haven't even listened to this yet. It bored me that much live.<br />11. Defying Gravity - Idina Menzel deserves a Tony for this song alone! And you knowwhat? She holds back on the CD - it's 10 times more powerful live! I just wish they would've made the \\"I Hope You're Happy\\" part a separate song, so we could've gotten straight to Idina.<br />12. Thank Goodness - Very ironic, if you consider what happened and they're singing. My only beef with the song (besides it's 6+ minute length) is that live Kristin hits this INCREDIBLE high note at the end, and it doesn't really come through on the recording.<br />13. Wonderful - Stupid, stupid song. Joel Grey deserves better then this.<br />14. I'm Not That Girl (reprise) - Big probs to Kristin (a soprano) for singing this in the same key that Idina (a mezzo) did.<br />15. As Long As You're Mine - A down right sexy duet that wouldn't sound out of place on the pop charts. I'm totally waiting for Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey to record this!<br />16.  No Good Deed - Crazy belting from Ms. Menzel. How does she do it?!  And listen to the lyrics... ;-)<br />17.  March of the Witch Hunters - This totally reminds me of Beauty and the Beast (you know, \\"Kill the beast!\\").<br />18. For Good - A very sad, sweet duet between Kristin and Idina.<br />19. Finale - Totally weak ending. Don't bother.<br />The reason I have this 4 stars was because I only listen to eight or nine songs on the whole recording. The rest aren't worth your time. But the eight or nine are, and that's what's so confusing about the recording! (BTW, those \\"essential\\" recordings are # 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, and 15).
0688163173|4.0|Shutter Island is the kind of scary that creeps up, slowly, taking its time, compounding the menace. Marshall Teddy Daniels and his new partner Chuck Aule come to Ashecliffe Hospital for the Criminally Insane in 1954 to find an escaped murderess, Rachel Solando.<br />There are varying levels of patients at the hospital, the worst of them in Ward C. While conducting their search, unaided by top hospital personnel, Teddy mentions the loss of his wife, who died in a fire two years earlier. The arsonist responsible for that fire is currently held somewhere in the facilities, possibly in Ward C. Chuck expresses his concern that Teddy hasn't told him everything about this visit, his possible desire to seek out and confront the arsonist, Andrew Laeddis. Add to the mix a hurricane bearing down upon the island and no outside communications and the stage is set. Then a patient slips Teddy a note that says, \\"run\\"...<br />All this is merely window dressing, the bare bones plot. The truth of this terrifying novel is purely psychological and devastating. For this reader, visions of Jacob's Ladder and Carrion Comfort loom, novels equally as frightening in this particular, and exclusive, genre.<br />Lehane is the master and the characters are his puppets, beautifully manipulated through the halls of an institution where mental patients run amok, friends become foes and nothing is what it seems. In a heady mix of possibilities, hallucinogens, Nazi surgical experiments, torture, death and the ready tricks of a damaged mind, Lehane navigates through a m&eacute;lange of terror that uncovers the most basic of human fears. Teddy Daniels comes face to face with his own demons, realizing too late that he ignored the warnings all along the way. Quickly infected with Teddy's paranoia, the reader is helpless as the intrepid Marshall forges ahead, unstoppable.<br />This is not a story for the faint of heart, but Shutter Island is unquestionably a must read. Just don't make the mistake of thinking you've figured it out...Luan Gaines/2003.you've figured it out...Luan Gaines/2003.
B00003W8NM|5.0|&quot;A viewer from Irvington-on-Hudson, NY&quot; asked and shall receive. The question is: &quot;What does Fight Club make you think about?&quot;<br />Could be different things to different people, but here's a few definites to enlighten Mr(s). A. Viewer.<br />We are emerging from an incredibly politically correct time, and the biggest victims of that period are the very people whose fathers victimised others: men in general, white men in particular. Slowly we've been learning/forced to change our ways, to act in defiance of our basic animal urges. We have become less promiscuous as a whole, and more tolerant of others. Our hunting/fighting/mating urges are partially fulfilled and partially replaced by consumerism and the media. We started to become everything that everyone (including ourselves) think we should be.<br />But it's not going to work. We're fed up now of being told what to do, what to wear, what to buy and how to behave. We're fed up of double standards, of being told what's wrong with us but being unable to retort without fear of persecution. We're no longer so eager to please. We've tested the water and it's warm.<br />The main thrust of Fight Club is to turn our backs on the fabricated consumer-machines we've become, to stop worrying about everyone else, and start forging our own future. Fight Club states this as a challenge, though deliberately supplies a wrong answer. As well as a rant about subscription to material hunger, Fight Club also works as a warning against subscription to political ideology (though it could apply to any religion or cult). In Brad Pitt, Norton finds a charasmatic figure worth following into sociopolitical terrorist activity, but when he finds out that Pitt is not quite the person he thinks he is (watch it and you'll find out), he discovers that it is himself, not Pitt, who is responsible, and without that ready-made package to subscribe to he is quick to see the error of his ways.<br />After the initial excitement of seeing this ultimate consumer begin to break the rules and tap into his more instinctive characteristics, we are dismayed to learn that he has merely replaced one type of subscription (to the Ikea catalogue, for instance) with another (the titular organisation, and it's later incarnation).<br />However, Fight Club is optimistic. Though Tyler Durden's &quot;answer&quot; to modern man's problems suddenly collapses under its own paradoxes (which should clear up those accusations of fascism), Norton comes to a happy comprimise that can include being yourself and being someone to someone else (which should clear up those accusations of misogyny). The initial principal of ignoring women and focusing on the future of the male animal cannot be upheld: to succeed in the end Norton has to make room for everyone, most of all the woman he loves. So a third point the film makes is a valid criticism of the feminist discipline, and that of past political figures such as Malcom X.<br />So in summary: be careful which leaders you follow, don't drink at Starbucks, and don't try to forge a future for one subset of the population alone. In short, be an individual, not a subscriber.
0393051587|4.0|Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol is as much a part of this holiday season as \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" and this reissue of the 1976 edition, the perfect gift for traditionalists who love booklore, literary trivia and anecdotes. The Annotated Christmas Carol is that wonderful blend of hope, poverty, ghosts and folklore that illustrates the theme of greed vs. generosity in the Victorian era.<br />Who can fail to appreciate the qualities of this reissue, the stories behind the story, the people and places that so captured our imaginations? The Oxford University Press published the letters of Charles Dickens since the 1976 version, opening up a wealth of new material for Hearn to glean more details, including behind-the-scenes machinations of the original publication.<br />The archaic language is explained, as well as its origins. Hearn's meticulous research has unearthed the complexity of the tale: Dickens' autobiographical details, as well as an historical perspective, the where and how of the first printing and Dickens' oration that so enchanted his audiences.<br />Hearn has put together a small masterpiece of a treasured Christmas story, expanded, with beautiful reproductions of the original artwork. The art is outstanding; there are the photographs, lithographs and engravings sprinkled throughout the pages, lending that authentic Victorian flavor of Dickens' tale of the plight of the poor in an indifferent society. In addition, there are gorgeous four-color illustrations from the original printing. All in all, this is a book to be treasured by the family and shared in the true spirit of the season. Luan Gaines/2003.
B000002G60|5.0|This is an extraordinarily sensual album, as noted by others, with &quot;Stockings&quot; and &quot;Caramel&quot; standing out. The other standout to me is &quot;World Before Columbus,&quot; a warm love song, with the rest of the songs good enough but forgettable. Contrary to some of what you may read here, &quot;Nine Objects&quot; wasn't a clean break from the &quot;99.9F&quot; sound still found here on several songs, but the bossa nova style used to good effect on several others was new for Vega, as were other jazz touches, and they suit the material perfectly. I'm not sure everyone below is interpreting Ms. Vega's often-cryptic lyrics properly, but her poetry is as rich here as ever, and the heat of this CD, however subdued and smoldering, was a welcome contrast to earlier material. Though I only really fell in love with a few songs, &quot;Nine Objects&quot; was my favorite of her first 5 CD's for a long time. On re-listening 7 years later, I think this is because the sound is consistently gorgeous, perfectly produced, and this helps one overlook the unremarkable quality of the bulk of the songs. Of course, &quot;unremarkable&quot; by Suzanne Vega standards is so remarkable that there is nothing to criticize here except by comparison with other work by the same artist. Musically, this CD draws me in like none of her others save &quot;99.9F&quot;, and lyrically it's second to none save perhaps &quot;Songs in Red and Gray&quot;. This is no second-best, though - Vega's works are all different, and I'd consider this one an essential for any serious (or perhaps less-than-serious) fan.
B00005JMCW|3.0|This remake of the Barbara Harris/Jodie Foster film from the mid-1970s is a borderline 4-star picture. It's a classy, smart and very, VERY funny family film, one that does not insult grownups while it's tickling the kiddos. I don't own this one yet (my daughter does), but I have no doubt I'll be adding it to the family section of my DVD library.<br />What's best about the movie is its acting. Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan are sensational; did any two actors give better performances in the summer of 2003? I always knew Curtis could play funny/tough/matronly/goofy, but Lohan pretty much comes out of nowhere to deliver what is, I think, a Best Supporting Actress-level performance.<br />Lohan, if you will recall, played the twins in the 1998 remake of &quot;The Parent Trap&quot; (another great family film -- strangely absent from DVD). She was wonderful there, but here she's sort of breathtaking. She plays both the mother and the daughter (she and Curtis switch bodies thanks to an Asian &quot;curse&quot;) with absolute conviction. I have a feeling we're watching the rise of a major talent. Who knows what this young actress will be doing 10 years from now? On the basis of her work in these Disney films, I'd say great stuff!<br />Otherwise, &quot;Freaky Friday&quot; is a whole lot of fun. I can't imagine someone not enjoying this movie. It's pure entertainment, but it also deals sort of touchingly with the themes of remarriage and frustrated adolescence. Though it focuses on a mother-daughter relationship, the movie is really for everyone -- even fathers and daughters, as I found out.
B00003CXB7|5.0|This is one of the finest films ever made, 'countercultural' or otherwise. It's antiwar, antiauthoritarian, irreverent, sacrilegious, and utterly without anything conventionally regarded as a Redeeming Feature.<br /><br />It is, in short, a great, great piece of cinematic art. When it's over, not a sacred cow is left standing. And its antiwar satire, though full of wonderfully crass and tasteless comedy, is also quite serious and spot-on.<br /><br />If you haven't read the book by 'Richard Hooker' (Dr. Richard Hornsberger), do so. It's a good book, and it's very different from the TV series you're probably familiar with if you were alive during the 1970s. The original tale centered on three surgeons, not two, and it wasn't (as the TV series became) a vehicle for the smarmy phildonahuing of sensitive-'70s-guy Alan Alda.<br /><br />In fact the book and the movie are both 'racist' in the same sense as Mark Twain's timeless _Huckleberry Finn_ -- that is, not at all, but also not exactly designed to slip in under the radar of the PC Police, who wouldn't recognize _real_ racism if it bashed them in the heads with a billy club. (Likewise 'sexism'.) In developing the TV series, developer/scriptwriter Larry Gelbart toned a lot of this stuff down, but here in the film you can see it in all of its original glory.<br /><br />And then some. The film actually partakes more of the spirit of Joseph Heller's great _Catch-22_ and, along those lines, develops the Hooker novel's mild irreverence to the level of a take-no-prisoners martial art. (The film officially takes place during Hooker's Korean War, but just as with the screen adaptation of Heller's nominal World War II setting, everybody knew the Vietnam War was the unofficial target. And at an abstract level, _M*A*S*H_ is a better screen adaptation of _Catch-22_ than the film version of that novel itself.)<br /><br />Even other satire isn't immune from 'meta-satire'. This film was produced at a time when other countercultural books and movies regularly relied on Christian imagery (_Cool Hand Luke_, _One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest_, _The Omega Man_) to turn their central heroes/antiheroes into savior-figures. Here, Robert Altman and Ring Lardner, Jr., had the temerity to skewer even their artistic allies by turning the Painless Pole (John Schuck in his first major film role) into the central figure at a suicidal 'Last Supper'. (Even here, in thus expanding on Painless's suicide, they took a lead from the book's own irreverence. In the novel, the guys paraded around the South Korean countryside with a longhaired and bearded Trapper hanging from a cross.) _Nobody_ is safe around this cinematic buzz saw.<br /><br />You probably already know who's in it, but I'd better give a quick nod to the marvelous performances by the Big Three: Donald Sutherland as Hawkeye Pierce, Elliot Gould as 'Trapper' John McIntyre, and Tom Skerritt as Duke Forrest. (I particularly call your attention to Skerritt, who seldom gets the credit he deserves for this role because -- under the influence of the TV series -- people tend to think the movie is mainly about Hawkeye and Trapper.) Everybody else is wonderful too, and I won't try to mention the entire cast by name here.<br /><br />In general this rambling masterpiece isn't susceptible to easy summarization. So rather than try to tell you about all of the cool stuff, I'll just tell you to see it if you haven't done so already.<br /><br />The DVD release is wondrous to behold. The movie is restored to perfect color and clarity and presented in widescreen format. The second disk has lots of cool features including cast interviews and stuff about the making of the film (and its groundbreaking cinematographic 'techniques').ian imagery (_Cool Hand Luke_, _One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest_, _The Omega Man_) to turn their central heroes/antiheroes into savior-figures. Here, Robert Altman and Ring Lardner, Jr., had the temerity to skewer even their artistic allies by turning the Painless Pole (John Schuck in his first major film role) into the central figure at a suicidal 'Last Supper'. (Even here, in thus expanding on Painless's suicide, they took a lead from the book's own irreverence. In the novel, the guys paraded around the South Korean countryside with a longhaired and bearded Trapper hanging from a cross.) _Nobody_ is safe around this cinematic buzz saw.    You probably already know who's in it, but I'd better give a quick nod to the marvelous performances by the Big Three: Donald Sutherland as Hawkeye Pierce, Elliot Gould as 'Trapper' John McIntyre, and Tom Skerritt as Duke Forrest. (I particularly call your attention to Skerritt, who seldom gets the credit he deserves for this role because -- under the influence of the TV series -- people tend to think the movie is mainly about Hawkeye and Trapper.) Everybody else is wonderful too, and I won't try to mention the entire cast by name here.    In general this rambling masterpiece isn't susceptible to easy summarization. So rather than try to tell you about all of the cool stuff, I'll just tell you to see it if you haven't done so already.    The DVD release is wondrous to behold. The movie is restored to perfect color and clarity and presented in widescreen format. The second disk has lots of cool features including cast interviews and stuff about the making of the film (and its groundbreaking cinematographic 'techniques').
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I can't compare Afterglow with Sarah's past work, because this is the only CD of hers that I own, but I can say that it is all I listened to for the first two weeks after I bought it, and I am still listening to it.  Sarah has one of the purest voices I have ever heard, and the songs on this album are very passionate.  Put together, you have an incredible listening experience.
B00005JMFO|5.0|We saw this movie on a whim--after a really bad week at work.In no time, we were both laughing at the scenes.<BR>When we go to be entertained--we want to leave feeling good--this movie did it for us
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Unbelievable album!  One reason: It delivers.  I always hate albums where the songs are just tearing it up and low and behold, they never hit a climax...But not with Dream Theater and not with this album!
B00005JMCW|3.0|Walt Disney has been searching the vaults in order to find suitable family fare for years. This version of Freaky Friday is an updated remake of their own 1977 film.<br />On its face this is the classic body switch movie featuring a harried mother and her rebellious teenage daughter (at least by Disney standards). The roles here are played by Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsey Lohan. It is the portrayals that make this film. Both principles do a surprisingly good job with the material that they are given.<br />This is by no means a bad film. Actually it has some funny moments. Not Academy Award good but acceptable for both children and adults. Disney seems to be banking on the power of its stars to carry the film and for the most part it succeeds.<br />The DVD presents the film in both full and widescreen versions with a 5.1 Dolby soundtrack. If there is a flaw with the disc it is in the area of bonus materials but Disney  was probably thinking that its taget audience would not really be interested in these materials anyway.<br />Get this film for its family oriented nature you may be surprised to find yourself chuckling along.
B000002GQE|5.0|A classic rock masterpiece!!! A+ Five Stars!!! A landmark Recording!!! Two thumbs up!!!
B0000DCGT0|5.0|heu nehne henehaln akhf8ydafha a fgood movieodikoafpodadjnadk awasome.
B000002GFC|5.0|This is an awesome Cream collection!!! 20 classic Cream tracks all in a row!!! Great for Cream fans or people who want a nice introdution to this supergroup!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
B000084T18|1.0|if u like music about thug life and about getting shot and having hard times u should listen to Z-ro instead of 50 cent.Z-ro from houston he speakes the truth.the has so cd's u can order from this wed site.&quot;Look at what u did to me,&quot;Z-ro V.S. the world,&quot;King of da ghetto,&quot;Life.&quot;And another thang Z-ro don't like 50 Cent. any questions e-mail me djmoe5892@msn.com
B00000634J|5.0|A great compilation of 20 Lennon solo classics on one shiny disc!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+!!!
020161622X|5.0|I've had this book for a number of years now and skim it regularly. I've recommended it to starting and would-be programmers as well as hoary old &quot;I remember punch-card&quot; war horses. I often wish there were more books in this same vein.<br />The only downside that I could note is that the authors often refer to their own preferred languages &amp; scripts, which both dates the product a little (more so with each passing year), and is also not so useful to those working in different environments or who have their own strong preferences.<br />However, the nuggets of wisdom and common-sense analogies in this book are golden. If you're like me, you'll often find yourself nodding along with the book while reading a passage that describes something you've experienced or espoused first hand and grimacing when it points out a trick you wish you had thought of when working on some past project.<br />This book really doesnt have much to do with _programming_ but is really more about _being a programmer_. It's sort of like a self-help for proggies, a mentor-in-a-book. The book's subtitle is &quot;From Journeyman to Master&quot;, and this jives with the idea of the things in the book being the sort of Guild-lore a Master Craftsman might pass on to his favored Journeymen prior to retiring back in the days of yore. <br />I've been a professional developer now for 6 years, self taught and continuously employed at several companies during that time. This book appealed to me when I picked it up because it is true-to-life, and several of the real-world considerations mentioned jived with my own experiences. The ideas and practices that I already had were crystalized and refined by this book, and it also introduced me to ways of thinking that I had not considered. <br />Perhaps the most significant single line in the book for me is on page 255, &quot;A project that falls below expectations is deemed a failure, no matter how good the deliverable in absolute terms&quot;. This struck home because I was once involved in a major project involving multiple programmers from multiple locations around the States, which met every design specification and delivered exactly what was promised, but which was mothballed after its completion because the management didnt understand it. Their expectation was something other than the specification which they had approved and thus we harried developers wasted the better part of a year on a system doomed to failure not because it didn't work or was a bad idea, but because the head honchos just didnt get it. I never understood why until I read that line in this book, and then it all came clear -- their expectations were not in line with the deliverable, and thus they did not want the deliverable despite the fact that it functioned exactly as planned. <br />Since then I've made it a point to personally do all that I can to ensure that the consumers of projects I'm involved with are &quot;on the same sheet of music&quot; when it comes to understanding what all the tech-speak and specifications actually MEAN. Prototyping and &quot;Tracers&quot; as described in this book have been used to provide mockups before any real code has been written. Documents couched in &quot;Laymans Terms&quot; have been produced. Sometimes it's overkill, but at the end of the projects no consumer comes back saying &quot;thats not what I thought it was going to be&quot;. Some Project Managers dont like it, as they feel like it's stepping on their toes, but in the end no Project Manager will complain if the Project is successful -- they get to look good for a while, so kibitzing over the means isn't a priority ;) .<br />All that aside, if you are a working developer with a grounded approach to programming, and dont have the conceit that you already know everything, I think you should give this book a read thru.
B000002JEV|5.0|This is a great 2 CD set of Zep's historic BBC sessions!!! Great for Zep fans!!! Great sound!!! A top notch package!!! A+
B00005YXZH|5.0|I bought this CD a few months ago after some hesitation wondering if only a couple songs would be good.  No need to worry, this is a great CD.  I listened to it several times initially and really enjoyed it, but now months later I keep finding myself drawn back to this CD.  It has made me a WILCO fan!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is a Santana masterpiece!!! On par with Abraxas!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
B00006LLLN|5.0|I have ordered the live CD set but have not yet received it.  However, what prompted me to order it was seeing Alison and Union Station live on television a couple of weeks ago, performing these very songs.  Nothing  can compare with music played by true music-lovers.  Folk musicians tend to perform, not for the money, but for the sheer love of the music.  Alison Krauss and Union Station are definitely in that category.  I loved the movie &quot;O, Brother Where Art Thou?&quot; and Alison's &quot;Down to the River to Pray&quot; was my favorite of all the songs on the soundtrack; that was my very first introduction to her lovely voice.  I simply cannot wait to receive my CD's!  I hope to introduce their wonderful music to my family and friends.
B000002UAU|5.0|13 Beatles Classics!!! A Masterpiece!!! A+
0440224764|5.0|ONCE AGAIN A CLASSIC .  GRISHAM FINDS MORE WAY'S TO GET LAWYER'S IN AND OUT OF TROUBLE, YET IT NEVER GETS BORING. HE IS BETTER THEN CLANCY, ALOT OF DETAIL &lt;NOT OVERDONE LIKE CLANCY&gt; A GREAT STORY AND MOST DEFINATELY TWIST AND PLENTY OF ACTION.
B00007KWHP|5.0|This is a progressive rock classic!!! An essential Yes album!!! The classic tunes Roundabout and Long Distance Runaround are worth the price of admission!!! But the rest of the album(now CD!)is awesome too!!! And the newly remastered CD has 2 bonus tracks!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+!!!
044022165X|5.0|WHAT A GREAT BOOK I LOVED IT.  MY BLOOD BOILED AS READ ABOUT THE SCUM AT THE INSURANCE AGENCY.  I WISH WE COULD SAY THAT THIS WAS A FANTASY NOVEL BUT IT IS NOT,  WELL OFF THE BAND WAGON AND BACK TO THE BOOK.  THIS BOOK IS TRUE TO LIFE AND VERY VERY GRIPPING.<BR>IT TAKES TWIST AND TURNS EVERYWHERE, YOU CAN FEEL RUDY BAYLOR'S EMOTIONS , DEFINATELY HIS FEAR.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|This fails as a super retrospective because, just like the original Greatest Hits CD, it leaves off too many key songs!!!  Backstreets,Tenth Avenue Freeze Out, I'm On Fire,I'm Goin' Down,She's The One,My Hometown,Caddilac Ranch and many others are not to be found on this collection!!! 5 Stars for the music,1 star for the collection!!!
0783229526|5.0|I believe I said it was a pretty good movie?
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This 16 track CD is a great collection of Phil Collins' solo career greatest hits!!! Lots of Phil!!! A+
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina's last album was wonderful, but this one is just as good! I am rating everything except the interludes and the intro.<br />Can't Hold Us Down (featuring Lil' Kim)- Love the beat. 8/10<br />Walk Away- WONDERFUL! 10/10<br />Fighter- It has a pop/rock sound... And I love pop/rock just as much as I love just pop! 9/10<br />Infatuation- Good song. 8/10<br />Loving Me 4 Me- Good, but not one of her best. 6/10<br />Impossible- Alicia Keys plays the piano in this one. Great collaboration! Alicia plays the piano great and Christina has a beautiful voice! 10/10<br />Underappreciated- I love it! 10/10<br />Beautiful- I understand why this was a single. Such a nice song. 10/10<br />Make Over- This one is kind of light &quot;Fighter&quot;, only I find this one better. 10/10<br />Cruz- It's okay. 6/10<br />Soar- Not one of her best. 5/10<br />Get Mine, Get Yours- I like it... It's pretty good. 9/10<br />Dirrty (featuring Redman)- When this song came out, it wasn't a big hit, but I like it. 9/10<br />The Voice Within- THIS IS MY FAVORITE TRACK ON THE ALBUM!!!!! 10/10<br />I'm OK- It's OK. 6/10<br />Keep On Singin' My Song- It's not one of her best. 5/10<br />There are some tracks I didn't really like on the album, but most of them were great! Christina Aguilera is a very talented singer and I'd reccommend her music to anyone! Keep up the good work, Christina!
B000002UDB|5.0|11 Great Beatles tunes!!! A Classic!!! A+
079284131X|5.0|God... What a funny,freaky,demented movie this is. It starts with a murderer in a toy store. Why a toy store?! Why not a factory like in Terminator? Hell, it's still good... See it.
B000002UAO|5.0|14 great Beatle tunes!!! A CLASSIC!!! Five Stars!!! A+
0385504209|5.0|I couldn't put it down and was interested enough in all the information/history, after finishing the book, did research to find out what was true and what was fiction.  And VERY surprised to find out most of it was true!  This books goes on my shelf of books I won't pass along - I want to read it again.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|A great collection of 27 Beatle #1's!!! A great collection!!! A+
B000089RVX|5.0|I bought this CD because there was this one song I couldn't get out of my head.  I spent the money thinking I'd probably only like one or two songs at most...but I was almost instantly in love with the whole CD.<br />If you liked 'Bring Me To Life'...then buy this CD.  At least half the album is comprised of songs with the same style and attitude.  The ballads add some variety to the CD and they quickly win you over with her pure vocal talent.
B00007KWHN|5.0|This album(now CD!) is a classic rock masterpiece!!! The classics I've Seen All Good People,Starship Trooper,and Yours Is No Disgrace are worth the price of admission!!! The other tunes are great too!!! The newly remastered CD adds some nice bonus tracks!!! Awesome!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+!!!
0385504209|1.0|I totally agree with operation-mobacracy.  Only I think 2 stars is 2 too many.  Brown is a hack.
B000002KHB|5.0|This is one of best heavy metal classics of all time!!! A treat from start to finish!!! &quot;Smoke On The Water&quot; alone is worth the price of admission!!! Space Truckin',Lazy,Highway Star are just as good!!! A CLASSIC!!!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I think this album is a really good album. Whether or not u like her. Because personally i dont like her. I think shes a hoe, and with madonna even more. But that doesnt mean her music sucks. I like her songs. I like the songs ::outrageous::, ::everytime:: and also ::toxic:: Trust me, eventhough i dont like her, i have to admit i like her songs and music.
B00008PX8P|5.0|2 DVD's packed with high octane Led Zep!!! A great package!!! A+
B0000024IE|1.0|The fact that nobody has written a review about this album for almost two years says it all really.  Old fashioned, hackneyed, corny and obsolete this is a classic example of a group that was all hype and made outrageous, over the top statements designed to get themselves into the media to sell their albums.  They purported to be the voice of oppressed black America but they gladly used the white owned media to sell their products and go on a huge ego trip.  And boy did they have a huge chip on their shoulders.  Their fans were not the new generation of trendy black kids from the ghetto but comfortably well-off middle and upper class white teens and twenties who thought it was cool to imitate blacks (&quot;wiggers&quot; they were called).  Whether or not you buy this album is up to you but if you do, remember that you are not buying an album of music in the traditional sense but the major product of a cynical and dishonest moneymaking exercise.  As a historical artefact it is amusing but as far as anything more substantial is concerned, well . . . it speaks for itself.
B000002UA9|5.0|This is the Beatles clasic debut!!! A great album(CD)!!! A+
0385504209|3.0|Typically, I avoid the blockbuster, popular, 'everyone has read it' kind of books...but The DaVinci Code sucked me in. I suggested it to a relative to read, and when she was done with it, picked it up myself.....and read it over the past two days...<br />There are numerous reviews here, and the editorials tell a lot too...to give more info would really spoil the story...so I will avoid a detailed recap of the synopsis....however:<br />I liked the concept...it has a real hook to it....the idea that the story of Mary Magdalene, Jesus, the Last Supper and the Holy Grail are not all they seem....fascinating.  Maybe I'm just a heathen, but I love when 'all the we think we know' is put into question, which is why I loved the first Matrix film so much...it challenges your faith...not only in God, but in yourself.<br />I have not read anything prior by Dan Brown, and probably will not seek anything out to suppliment this experience. While the storyline was fascinating, and the book is compulsively readable....chapters that set up the following chapter neatly, or foreshadow events to come...this sort of 'meant to be read on a flight between Boston and Cleveland' literture doesn't really hold my interest for too long, nor draw me in to pick it up. While the Grishams, Crichtons, and Koontz's of the world top the best-seller list...I tend to stray toward more indepth reading...with occasional exception, such as this.<br />However...if you like that kind of fast-paced, doesn't really require too much attention reading...DaVinci Code will not disappoint. As for it's accuracy.....I cannot comment. Is the Catholic Church withholding the truth about the life of Jesus Christ? As a wise old owl once said (about the amount of licks necessary to get to the center of a lollypop)....'The world may never know'.
B00006AG5N|5.0|A great Elvis CD!!! 30 #1 hits all in a row!!! A+!!! Awesome!!!
B000068TPN|5.0|The DVD &quot;We Were Soldiers&quot; remains generally true to the book,<BR>&quot;We Were Soldiers Once...And Young,&quot; by LTG Hal G Moore and Joe<BR>Galloway. I was in the pipeline for SEA when that fight occurred<BR>on my birthday. I knew some of the participants, one boy from<BR>Big Spring,TX (KIA) and Galloway himself (from Refugio/Woodsboro,<BR>TX). The truth of the movie is in the combat. The fight at LZ<BR>X-Ray was brutal, near over-run, meet-your-enemy-without-mercy<BR>combat. Each side was feeling out the other for strategic information, and each side learned how to fight the other, as would be proven over and over again for the next decade. The scenes of the red dirt at Fort Benning is true. The air mobile<BR>concept is accurate, and the dedication and professionalism of<BR>our Army early in the war is valid. All this would change over<BR>time, at least in American perceptions, but Hal Moore and his<BR>1/7th Cavalry was superb at LZ X-Ray. It is ironic that we learned how to fight the enemy early in the war, and then took<BR>a hiatus from it until the war was lost.  The enemy learned and<BR>maintained his dedication, knowing ahead what the cost would be.<BR>But on November 14, 1965, a battle was fought that ought be remembered. Hal Moore won his fight, but his was only the first<BR>half.  We lost the second half, which is not included on this<BR>DVD. My estimation of this movie is that it fits easily into the<BR>top five war movies of all time, which is some tall company: Patton, 12 O'Clock High, Saving Private Ryan, for example.
B000059T00|5.0|This is a classic album!!! Imagine Cream and Traffic all rolled into one!!! Well thats what you have,2 Cream members(Eric Clapton/Ginger Baker)and 2 Traffic members(Steve Winwood/Rick Grech)in one great supergroup!!! A classic album(CD)!!! All the tracks are great!!! A+
B000002UJQ|5.0|radiohead is uncomparable and indescribable. once again i was curious when i saw radiohead on mtv's 22 greatest cds (DON'T KILL ME!!!!) and i saw it at a target store. so i got the cd looking for the song that they showed there with the crazy riff (apparently it's not this album if anyone know what i'm talking about please let me know although i plan on buying all their albums until i find it). what touched me on this album was the &quot;fitter happier&quot; crazy big brother is watching you stuff. i love karma police, paranoid android, exit music, and electioneering. radiohead is crazy, i heard them a few times when i was younger and was too naive to appriciate music. now i love them, just this album alone made me fall in love. it's been a while since an album made me fall in love like this and i'm glad i did with radiohead. this album is amazing, crazy feelings, mellow but not enough to put you asleep because it's also mysterious enough to make you want to know &quot;what the hell was going through their heads.&quot; amazing, simply amazing.
B00006RAKP|5.0|This great 2CD set has 34 great hits from Elton's long recording career (1970-2002)!!! I nice retrospective!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
0786915749|2.0|The first time I read this book was about 14 years ago (I was 12 years old) and I remember being completely drawn into the Dragonlance universe. So much so, that I ended up reading many other books about the world of Krynn. Recently, I picked up a copy of this book and got ready to be immersed in a world of fantasy once again. But, this time around, I was very disappointed. <br />My first disappointment was encountering how very poorly written this book is. And, it is not just this book, but many others in the Dragonlance universe share the same fate. The descriptive words and conversations become a long a string of clichés and overused adjectives. The word \\"smile\\" is at least found two or three times on every page, often preceded by the words \\"crooked\\" or \\"half\\". Weis and Hickman's descriptions often become repetitive; the conversations many times leave the reader feeling diluted or lacking, rarely is there a middle ground. The authors' poor use of language becomes a burden on anyone who can read at a junior high level; so much that it becomes more aggravating to read rather then enjoyable. <br />The characters are not enjoyable to read about and impossible to connect with on any level. They are stereotypical creations of the D&D gaming world, bound by the limitations that are set in the rules of the game instead of their own personal traits. They quickly become dry and stale and very rarely show any type of personality. The authors' try to paint pretty pictures of emotion and character depth in this book, but more often then not, this attempt fails and is quickly forgotten about. <br />The plot is actually the only redeeming factor about this series but is quickly brought to its knees by other faults. The world of Krynn has the potential to be a well-developed world, which has depth, detail, and could captivate any reader. Unfortunately, what it doesn't have is authors who know how to write it. <br />Overall, the book is probably better suited to younger readers,probably no older then 15. The characters often act like teenagers, which is what probably drew me in to the Dragonlace world many years ago. The maturity of the characters was something I could relate to. I would rate this book 1 star, but since it entertained me once, it should get another for effort.
B000000I02|5.0|A progressive rock masterpiece!!! Calyx features Robert Wyatt!!! A+!!! Great Album(CD)!!!
0385507755|4.0|This is a terrific book, although brutal. It is a raw look at addiction that ranks among the most honest in the genre.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|This great double album(now 2CD's!!!)is a great sampling of Stevie's greatest seveneties hits!!! 16 classics!!! Awesome!!! Five Stars!!! A+!!! Essential!!!
B0000029DD|5.0|This album ,not unlike all great albums,holds up to some of the great truisms of modern rock.1.While it was originally released in 1994,all of the songs have definatley withstood the test of time.2.It has all of the makings of the true spirit of Rock 'n Roll, from moody ballads (Lover,you should have come over)to straight ahead rockers (The ironic &quot;Eternal life&quot;) to his trajic death in 1997.But probably the most compelling thing about &quot;Grace&quot; is Buckley's incredible falsetto.From the opening track(Mojo Pin ),the beautiful elagance of Buckley's voice is more like that of an opera singer than of a rock star.It is only after multiple listenings that you begin to hear beyond his voice and start to focus on his vast and eclectic song writing skills.Songs like the palyful &quot;So real&quot; and the contsantly stretching title track permiate his vast musical influences.Hints of the everyone from the Doors (Dream brother) to Van Morrison (Lilac wine) can be found throughout his songs. His amazingly haunting rendition of Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot; is a wonder to hear. If there is one song that will make you appreciate the true splendor of Jeff Buckley, then &quot;Last goodbye&quot; is it.Most recently used on the VANILLA SKY soundtrack, &quot;Last goodbye &quot;  singularly personifies the brilliance of this work.Buy this album ! If you are a true fan of music, it will never leave your side !
B000002UAF|5.0|13 Beatles classics!!! A masterpiece!!! A+
B000002UAR|5.0|So many reviews have been written for this CD, and so it's hard to contribute something new.  Simply put, this is one of the Beatles' most outstanding albums ever.  That's saying a lot, considering that every Beatles album is already excellent.  But this album really shines, there's not a single &quot;filler&quot; song on it.  It makes your soul soar and energizes your mind!  If you're a Beatles fan without this CD in your collection, you should be ashamed!  Buy this album right now, it's worth every single penny!
B000002UAR|5.0|14 great Beatle tunes!!! A classic!!! Five Stars!!! A+
B00006L83N|5.0|This is the best (and my favorite) Symphony X CD. Melodic vocals, good harmonies, and magnum opus Odyssey at 24 minutes. True, some of the lyrics are pretentious fantasy or dark, but that is what sells in this current prog genre's main market - Europe (alas America has abandoned intelligent music for formula).<br />Standouts are Wicked, Accolade II with a haunting keyboard intro part that is my favorite, Awakenings with great keyboard, guitar and soaring melodic vocals, Odyssey has a little for everyone - very cool complex guitars, a vast story and lots of little amusing parts. Masquerade is the song I like to listen to at work - &quot;save me from this masquerade of lies&quot;.<br />Vocalist Russell Allen has a great range from growl to melodic passionate vocals.
B00008OWZC|5.0|This is a great live Zep 3 CD set!!! This CD rocks!!! A whole lotta live Zep!!! Two thumbs up!!! Awesome!!!
B0000TB01Y|4.0|Steven Schwartz's score for \\"Wicked\\" is one of those pieces you can find a million things wrong with, yet still enjoy immensely. Sometimes, he seems to have given himself more music than he has things to say: the opening of \\"One Short Day\\" spins its wheels with repeated lyrics and there are numerous instances of redundant banalities (\\"OK, alright, enough/So be it/So be it, then\\" at the beginning of \\"No Good Deed\\", for one.) Melody lines tend to ramble to suit the lyrics at times and some of the songs are robbed of their full impact by the lack of a plot synopsis. \\"Wicked\\" has one of the more complex storylines of recent musicals and the numbers could use more context. I realize there are surprises in the show that the creative team was trying to keep under wraps, but I've always felt that an original cast recording was intended to be a full record of a show.    Having said all that, there are lots of things that are unquestionably right. Schwartz does come up with some superbly clever lyrics and rhymes that don't distract. For instance, he rhymes \\"absurd degree\\" with \\"verdigris\\" and \\"aptitude\\" with \\"viewed\\" then with \\"shrewd\\". And in a song like \\"I'm Not That Girl\\", he captures romantic longing with an elegant simplicity that would leave most songwriters drooling with envy. The crowning achievement of the CD, though, is its performers. Joel Grey uses his consummate showmanship on a couple of pastiche numbers and Kristin Chenoweth solidifies her place as one of Broadway's true shining stars. And as Elphaba, the future Wicked Witch, Idina Menzel displays a nuclear blast of vocal talent and range. She is given a large handful of diverse numbers and delivers on every one. She's a revelation; her performance alone is worth the price of the CD.
B000006YYM|5.0|A great offering from the progressive group Gentle Giant!!! 8 Great tracks. Great for prog-rock fans!!! Proclimation and Cogs In Cogs are my faves, but the rest is great too!!! A seventies classic!!! A+
B00005JKNF|5.0|This movie is a classic for the ages.  I watched it the first time and could not understand the whispered dialogue in English accent.  Upon a more careful watching, it is in my top five.  The key is how this movie, while looking like a conventional drawing room mystery, BREAKS all the conventions in a masterful way.  The most significant motif is the focus on details through the perspective of the servants, and not the snobby leeches who are dependent on the murder victim in various ways.  The music is wonderful; the Ivor Novella tunes alone are worth the experience.
B0000004F9|5.0|A great two-fer containing both Volume 1 and Volume 2 on 1CD!!! And the sound is top notch!!! A great package!!! A+
B000002L5P|5.0|I like this a lot and the guitar riffs are probably my favorite thing about this disc.  Soothing, melodic and catchy songs are made in the formula of Morrisey's weirdness and Marr's handy guitar-work.  An 80s essential if you ask me, but to some just plain strange.  The lyrics cover topics any mom, pop or whoever would make them cringe in disgust.  Long story short, listen to the samples before you buy.  You maybe disgusted or delighted.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|I watched the series when it was on the air. My initial impression was that it was very well done, but the setting held it back.<br />Even though I was not overjoyed by the series, I decided to get the DVDs to see the missing episodes. My impression of the series changed after I had a chance to see what Whedon intended for the series.<br />Whedon had some really brilliant ideas. Fox screwed them up. The setting would have worked much better with the original character concepts, the original order of the episodes, etc ... The only weak episode is the episode that Fox forced Whedon to write in a weekend (the 'pilot' that was shown first).<br />If you thought the show was ok when it was on TV, you'll be far more impressed with the DVDs. And, as an added bonus, if you buy the DVDs, you're helpping increase the chances that the show will turn into a feature film ... and the feature film will turn back into a series. For once, the possibility of a cancelled series becoming a movie is more than a pipe dream.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I am not normally a fan of Science Fiction, but I happened to catch a couple episodes of this show during its Fox run.(No thanks to them for me ACCIDENTLY noticing it) <br />What I saw was really good despite the fact I was joining mid-season. So, I didn't fully understand everything, but what I did was great. <br />Now that I have watched the complete series from beginning to end in the order intended, I am hard pressed to think of a better show that was able to so quickly start rolling and get you interested in EVERY member of the cast. Truly excellent material.<BR>Shame on you, Fox. You are turning into a cesspool... &quot;Simple Life&quot; my ass... I can't get AWAY from the marketing for THAT tripe.
B0000DJZA0|5.0|This is the the greatest band in the world.  The DVD and CD combo does the band justice. I think they should have put Spies on the DVD because they played it at NextStage and it was amazing. I bought the DVD not knowing the CD was include but was pleased to know I could carry the live tunes with me in my truck.  I love the visuals done for the DVD.  I love the lighting effects that seem to match whatever the song is about.  Rush Of Blood To The Head was beautifully done live along with Don't Panic.  I was lucky in seeing them play live at NextStage and as I was walking out I kept wishing I could somehow carry the experience with me and show it to everyone who missed the concert.  Jonny Buckland is perhaps one of the greatest guitar players I have ever heard.  The music is simple and yet powerful.   I would highly recommend this DVD/CD to everyone.  Pop it in and just blast out the guitars wailing in the background and the voice of Chris tell the bands stories of hope, lost loves, and etc.
B000002TWN|5.0|great album filled with soul and what he thinks are important, like marijuana use and his main squeeze. I will forgive him on preaching drug usage or.. rather loving a drug so much he had to sing about it... *shrugs* good album
B00005JMCN|5.0|This is a fantasic movie for everyone. The movie is a little long but worth it because it covers the story. I bought the special box set which had some nice history about the people and the horse and also a few other nice things included. I couldn't be happier.
0800141806|5.0|This movie is very good. And it is a very sad movie as well, get your tissues ready.
B00005JKCH|5.0|When SPIDER-MAN came out in 2002, I never taught that it would be such a big deal. But when I saw it, I realized that it's a very good movie. The story is about Peter Parker, a normal teenager who's in love with the High School's sweetheart, Mary-Jane Watson. When he gets bitten by a spider at a research center, he starts noticing that he has special powers. He uses his powers to avenge his Uncle Ben and to fight the Green Goblin. The movie is very good because of the script that holds perfectly throughout the movie and the performances of Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst and Willem Dafoe are excellent. The special effects are very elaborate and are in fact the best in years. SPIDER-MAN is the best superhero movie since 1989's BATMAN, which is also very good. The DVD of SPIDER-MAN is excellent and I would say that it is the best DVD of 2002. SPIDER-MAN is also the best movie of 2002 by far, since that STAR WARS EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES kinda sucked. The DVD contains many documentaries about the movie and the comic book, interviews with the cast and crew and many other features. SPIDER-MAN is truly a DVD you must own.
B00005LANG|5.0|This album is all about romance reggae style, so cuddle up close to a loved one, light some incense and sing along. This man knows what he is talking about. Enjoy.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Frankly, just Knebworth's Achilles Last Stand is worthy the price of admission to this collection. So much has been written here already that I will only try to add a few unworthy bits. First, the Knebworth gig is for me the most moving experience of all contained on the two dvds. You must remeber that this no. 1 rock band (who else showed this much versatility in a consistently outstanding output reaching such peaks as they have in Kashmir, Stairway, Since, Whole lotta, No quarter ?) in 1979 when the Knebworth gig was played was standing against the background of punk revolution that labelled artists like LZ &quot;Dinozaurs&quot;. This, and to a minor extent also the very distance and inconvenience the audience had to overcome to get from London to Knebworth, a long walk across the fields included, made the band so much involved on that evening I believe. I tell you this gig does not feel like an easy win of years before for this great band and they give their best, sort of the last stand it is, and boy - do they win ! <BR>On a technical side I would like to share this notion: when one is actually present at a concert one sees the whole stage and the whole band most of the time. While close-ups in a dvd production are a welcome addition that enhances the experience, abdicating from showing all four memebers of the greatest band on stage at the same time (at least once a minute) is a loss to this viewer. Great music, great edition, treasure it.
B0000013G9|4.0|tlc's best album to date. Full of hit singles and slow jams.
0385512104|5.0|Christopher Boone likes mysteries.  He can apply his strong powers of logic to solving them.  Knowing all the prime numbers up to 7057 [at 15!] suggests his math and logic skills.  When he discovers a neighbour's murdered poodle, he embraces the challenge.  Become a detective!  Find the murderer!  So Christopher, who cannot lie, can't abide strangers, forecasts his days by colour signals, begins his career as an investigator.  He records his progress in a journal, which becomes this book.  Once started, like Christopher's quest, this book rejects distraction.  Every page is a delight - informative, poignant, challenging in multiple ways.<br />His \\"detecting\\" confronts Christopher with many problems, not least of which is rapping a copper on the hooter.  Receiving a \\"caution\\" from the Swinton police and a stern censure from his father, he's enjoined to \\"keep your nose out of other people's business\\".  The dictum only leads him to apply precise logic when encountering others.  A fan of Sherlock Holmes, he admires the analytical processes of detctive work.  If he doesn't ask questions, he's not \\"investigating\\".  If others ask him questions, he brings strict logic to bear on his response.  He fathoms the \\"white lie\\".  He knows how metaphor and simile differ.  He also understands, and beautifully explains, consciousness, different forms of memory, cosmology, and evolution.  And theology - he knows there is no heaven for the dead.<br />The security of that knowledge enabled him to accept his mother's death with equanimity.  But when his investigation confronts him with a new mystery - one which involves his mother, his aplomb shatters.  Things thought stable no longer support his view of the world.  He must now confront challenges he previously held at bay.  From being a \\"mystery\\", Haddon's tale becomes an adventure.  No astronaut nor jungle explorer faced such enigmas as Christopher must now confront.  Nor with such impediments.<br />Christopher is autistic, a condition with no clear definition, treatment or root cause.  He suffers Behavioral Problems, carefully listing eighteen of them.  He understands that he doesn't understand other people.  And sees no reason to try to learn how.  They don't seem to want to understand him.  He's in a school for children who have Learning Difficulties, but people who \\"have difficulty learning French\\" or \\"who don't understand relativity\\" aren't in there with him.  Some children have Special Needs, but people who use saccharine instead of sugar and who have hearing aids, aren't in the school.  \\"None of these people are Special Needs, even if they have special needs\\" he says.<br />Haddon provides a revelation into autistic minds no clinical study can match.  Yet this exposure is done with such charm and grace, the reader can only be captivated by the narrative.  A book that can be read on many levels, none complete nor wholly correct, it will long stand as a model.  It might even help us cast aside some of our prejudices about distinctions between \\"normal\\" and \\"peculiar\\" behaviour.  Shed your preconceived notions as you open the book.  Then keep reading.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]with no clear definition, treatment or root cause.  He suffers Behavioral Problems, carefully listing eighteen of them.  He understands that he doesn't understand other people.  And sees no reason to try to learn how.  They don't seem to want to understand him.  He's in a school for children who have Learning Difficulties, but people who \\"have difficulty learning French\\" or \\"who don't understand relativity\\" aren't in there with him.  Some children have Special Needs, but people who use saccharine instead of sugar and who have hearing aids, aren't in the school.  \\"None of these people are Special Needs, even if they have special needs\\" he says.<br />Haddon provides a revelation into autistic minds no clinical study can match.  Yet this exposure is done with such charm and grace, the reader can only be captivated by the narrative.  A book that can be read on many levels, none complete nor wholly correct, it will long stand as a model.  It might even help us cast aside some of our prejudices about distinctions between \\"normal\\" and \\"peculiar\\" behaviour.  Shed your preconceived notions as you open the book.  Then keep reading.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
B0000669JL|5.0|This man is a legend for a reason, listen to his words and you will understand why. His message from his songs was always positive and it will live on forever.
0553565915|5.0|One day in 1995 I died, and had a NDE. Ever since then, I've been reading everything I can on the subject.  According to most stories I've read, I had an unusual one, not going down a tunnel, but experiencing many interesting phenomena all the same. It seems to me that there are some NDE books and magazine articles that are just hype, and published just to give recognition. I have found, through my many years and multitudes of books on the subject, that there is an underlining truth and spirit that pervades the true experiences. So, I have compiled a list of my best reads for NDE books - ones that I consider genuine and adding validating light to the personal NDE experience. I have left out compilations, these are personal narratives. I hope you enjoy them too.<br />Embraced by the Light ------by Betty J. Eadie<br />Psychic Gifts ---------by Tiffany Snow<br />Saved by the Light --------by Dannion Brinkley<br />4 Days in Eternity ---------by Wayne F.A. Marentette<br />After the Light -------------by Kimberly Clark Sharp
B0000AXE8I|1.0|They should have just left the matrix to be a phenomenon... this sequel is pointless. a waste of money, it doesn't even have a plot, just words thatt resemble religious mumbo jumbo.
1567184855|4.0|One day in 1995 I died, and had a NDE. Ever since then, I've been reading everything I can on the subject.  According to most stories I've read, I had an unusual one, not going down a tunnel, but experiencing many interesting phenomena all the same. It seems to me that there are some NDE books and magazine articles that are just hype, and published just to give recognition. I have found, through my many years and multitudes of books on the subject, that there is an underlining truth and spirit that pervades the true experiences. So, I have compiled a list of my best reads for NDE books - ones that I consider genuine and adding validating light to the personal NDE experience. I have left out compilations, such as Journey of Souls, although I enjoyed this book. This list are personal narratives. I hope you enjoy them too.<BR>Embraced by the Light ------by Betty J. Eadie<BR>Psychic Gifts ---------by Tiffany Snow<BR>Saved by the Light --------by Dannion Brinkley<BR>4 Days in Eternity ---------by Wayne F.A. Marentette <BR>After the Light -------------by Kimberly Clark Sharp
B00001MXXH|3.0|This kid plays a trick.. To pretend to be sick from school. Hilarious the way he gets into and out of trouble while the school is in on his act knowing he is in  fact pretending , but he is always outsmarting them.
B00000099Y|5.0|Every song in this album is a jewel. Go and run to buy it!.<BR>Art rock at it's best :)
B000002A46|4.0|This is probably one of the best christmas cds made by a popstar. I advise everyone to get it because after all mariah can really sing on this album. Not like that annoying flute whisper thing she calls singing now.
B000002H2H|4.0|\\"Ride the Lightning\\" is a solid album, and one of Metallica's best. I would give this album 4 and a half stars, but there's not a rating option here. I felt \\"Ride the Lightning\\" wasn't as good when compared to their next album, \\"Master of Puppets\\", but this album still packs a wallop. Metallica still has Cliff Burton, a great bassist. \\"Ride the Lightning\\" deals with death and dying with nearly all the songs. My favorite songs that deal with this is \\"Fight Fire with Fire\\", which opens a with a un-metal, but interesting guitar opening; the song deals with nucleur warfare. The title song is also good. \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" is nice as well. \\"Fade to Black\\", a ballad, is not as compelling in comparing to Metallica's other ballads, like \\"Welcome Home (Sanatarium). \\"Trapped Under Ice\\" is a rip-roaring song; Kirk Hammett does a nice job here. The rest of the songs are pretty good too. \\"The Call of Ktulu\\" is long, but is perfectly instrumented. Cliff Burton does his magic in this song. James Hetfield sounds young, as his voice seems to get stronger in later albums, but his vocals sound terrific. To sum it up, I'm defintly recommending this album, don't get me wrong I like this album. I'm really giving this 4 1/2 stars, not four.
B000002BQK|3.0|This is a good album but I was hoping for more.. soulful singing, she does an annoying whisper thing that I can't stand !
B0000BWVCM|5.0|I cannot remember the last time I saw a sequel that was better than the original. X2 is just that. Great acting all around, great special effects, and a good message. And for the those of you upset that Jean Grey dies, you obviously never read the comics. I fully expect to see her return as Pheonix in the next movie, which I cannot wait to see.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|what the hell happened?!<BR>the first flick was pretty damn good, and then they throw this flaming pile of trash at us.<BR>what? just because we get an amazing car chase scene and a couple cool fights, it makes the horrible dialogue and the tired story acceptable?<br />WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T BUY THIS!!!
B00003CXI1|5.0|This is the film version of J. K. Rowling's novel by the same name, the first in the Harry Potter Series. It's an imaginative, fascinating, fun-filled, awe-inspiring movie for all ages, regardless of whether you've read the books or not. (As a matter of fact it was watching this movie that I fell into the Potter mania and started devouring all the books).  You will love everything about the movie including the strong characters with their down-to-earth attitude inside their magical worlds and the fascinating possibilities and intricate plots and sub-plots presented in this movie and developed through the series. You'll also enjoy the brilliantly used visual effects, the fantastic scenery, the emotional musical score and, of course, the enchanting, captivating, and sometimes amusing, magic that will take you away to a bewitching place.  In this movie Harry discovers, under very unusual circumstances, on his eleventh birthday, that he is a Wizard. He leaves the normal world of Muggles (non-magical folk) where he lives with his Aunt and Uncle and goes to Hogwarts School to be trained in Witchcraft and Wizard. He meets new friends, learns what happened to his parents who died when he was a baby, faces the evil Voldemort for the first time, and shows his courage, bravery and determination trying to prevent the Sorcerer's Stone from falling into the wrong hands.  Not only does this movie faithfully captures the world J. K. Rowling created in her books, it also enhances it as only a well made film adaptation can. The actors are so well picked and their performances are so compelling that you'll never read any of the books without imagining the actors in the roles they played.  Don't believe the criticism that accuses Harry Potter of being a bad influence on kids and religion before giving it a chance. You will see for yourself that it is not. It is a good-natured story for children (and adults, too) about a group of good-natured characters that face difficult situations and have to put their values and principles to the test in order to triumph over the obstacles they face.  Buy this movie and enjoy it with your children and/or the kid inside you. Again, you'll love it.  --Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
0671891634|3.0|Lynch's story is a good account of how a top performing mutual fund manager (better than 25% a year over 13 years) accomplishes a superior track record, but it's a poor how-to manual for the individual investor. Unfortunately, you will not have the access to all the brokers, analysts, and CEOs that Lynch had by merely picking up the phone. Also, most investors do not have his knowledge of finance and business practice intricacies. Thus, his advice has to be taken with this in mind. Still, he's something of a genius and you can benefit from his experience. <BR>His insight into why mutual fund ownership is not a good way to invest (due to philosophy, fees, size, past performance ratings, etc.) is timely advice today in light of recent revelations exposed by NY Attorney General Elliott Spitzer. But his best argument against investing in mutual funds has to be, \\"You never know where the next great opportunity will be, so don't get stuck in a fund that won't take advantage of it.\\" The good thing about Lynch is that not only does he believe money can be made in the stock market year in and year out, but he's also proven it. It's just too bad that approximating his record the way he recommends is a real stretch.<BR>His \\"buy what you know\\" and \\"check out the local malls\\" makes profitable investing sound easier than it really is. Just because your local clothier is prospering doesn't mean the store in the same chain 3000 miles away is also doing a bang-up business or that corporate headquarters has got its head on straight.<BR>One area that I wished he'd commented on more was point of entry - when to buy. He talked a lot about liking a stock but missing out on it until it had already rallied a goodly percent. The old adage in Wall Street says \\"I'd rather buy a bad stock at a good price than a good stock at a bad price.\\" Translation: Every stock has an optimum entry point and if you miss it, you shouldn't chase it. Find another gem. He doesn't seem to agree. He's looking forhis \\"10 baggers.\\" Stocks that appreciate 1000%. He does stress that the long term stock market return is somewhere around 8% - something we all forgot in the late 90s. So that means there aren't that many 10 baggers around. <BR>Another weakness is his dependence on company reported earnings growth. We've just been through enough scandals to educate us to the fact that \\"earnings\\" frequently can be whatever someone wants them to be.<BR>The last half of the book gets bogged down in his thought processes as he finds, researches, and picks his big winners. The mental work is revealing and does have merit in learning how good stock pickers think, but again, it's not something an individual investor can master as easily as Lynch makes it out to be. Remember, he admits he retired early because of too many 24/7s on the job, whereas the individual investor has to work with what can be easily and accurately obtained.
B00005OM5L|5.0|I only view this one when I arise on Saturdays, and holidays.  It is a glorious, outdoor concert that opens with the acoustic version of &quot;Layla&quot;, and finds him predominantly accompanied by players that are not regularly part of his usual touring ensemble.  He has a horn section, and a marvelous harmonica player in tow.  It all comes together immediately with a great show of Clapton classics that include the only version of &quot;I Shot the Sheriff&quot; that he has yet released on DVD. Eric grins as he glances back to Steve Gadd's drum kit during his impressive improvisational solo during this number.<br />  I have all his releases to date, but this one just seems to be the perfect way to start a weekend, or any day with Clapton's always professionally presented sampling of his many hits, and blues standards.  It never gets better than this!
B0000TB01Y|4.0|I have not seen the show, but I purchased the CD based on my admiration of Schwartz's other work. (Also, I'm from Kansas, where this story has special relevance). As soon as I finished listening to it once, I hit the replay button on my car stereo to hear it again. While the show as a whole seems to lack the emotional impact of &quot;Children of Eden&quot; (one of my favorite shows of all time) and there may not be a song as memorable as &quot;Gifts of Love&quot; or &quot;Meadowlark,&quot; Stephen Schwartz still can craft great songs. In fact, the intricate rhymes are clearly the work of a master lyricist. <br />Although I am an opera fan, I have been somewhat disappointed by the tendency of so many writers for Broadway to imitate the format of opera. I like Schwartz's idea that the foundation of a great musical is great songs. I guess it's good that not everybody wants to be Sondheim.<br />I was considering giving this CD a five-star review, except for one MAJOR flaw--the lack of a plot summary. It was good of them to include the lyrics, for those who like to sing along, but what happens in between. You can't guess everything from the CD, and in a musical, songs have context. Most Broadway recordings have plot summaries which explain the context of each song. Omitting this feature is inexcusable.<br />Nevertheless, this CD is still a great buy. The two female leads are outstanding, and there are actually melodies you can whistle.
B0000VCZKM|1.0|This version is full screen only which means that the left side and the right side of the picture are cut to fit a square TV.  With substantial part of the picture lost, this is the worst way of presenting an excellent musical.<br />This movie was previously released with Widescreen that shows the movie in exactly the way it was originally presented on the theater screen.  Buy that version instead.
0684833395|3.0|This book is difficult to review because it swings between funny anecdotes and horrific descriptions of war. There is also much extraneous material to slog through which makes it a long read. The tone is reminiscent of the television series M*A*S*H, or since Catch-22 came first, maybe it is the other way around. In any case it is an interesting book but a classic it is not. Stick with Tolstoy, Hemingway or Fitzgerald.
B0000DD7LC|3.0|I'm a huge Alicia Keys fan.  She is one of the Top 5 musicians out there, period.  However, I must say this album was a little disappointing.  Musically, it is still a great CD.  In a live show, every song would be great.  But for CD listening, some of the songs just didn't jive.  I got lost a little on some of the cuts.  Now, there are some outstanding songs on this CD, but there are few misses.  I hate to compare it to her first album, but there were no misses on it.  I guess it's always hard to top the first album.  Either way, it's a CD you need in your collection.  Buy it!
B000002HRE|5.0|I do think that this is the best album of the Metallica era of 1996-1999.<br />Their then new style which came with &quot;Load&quot; (another great Metallica album)is both fast-heavy and relaxing-calm. As I said it's filled with good &quot;lay-back-and-relax&quot; tracks; example:<br />* The Unforgiven 2<br />* Carpe diem baby<br />* Low man's lyrics<br />* Fixxer<br />Note that &quot;Fixxer&quot; is this album's best track, in my words. If you have'nt heard it, go then. Buy this album!<br />Why? I wonder, did'nt this make the single? hmm?...<br />Over to the faster/heavier tracks. We've got:<br />*Fuel<br />*The memories remains<br />*Devil's dance<br />*better than you<br />*slither<br />*bad seeds<br />*where the wild things are<br />*prince charming<br />*attitude<br />My favorites are &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;bad seeds&quot; and &quot;where the wild things are&quot;.<br />Great riffs, especially &quot;bad seeds&quot; which, by the way is the opening track on Metallica's Cunning Stunts DVD recorded early 1997.<br />I actually bought this album in Krakow, Poland. And I must say, listening to this album made the hotell evening a perfect-end-of-the-day end.It goes great in the car aswell. a clear 5/5!
B00005MAM2|4.0|'Akira' is a really weird movie but a good one nonetheless.  It entertaining and a joy to watch as long as one doesn't try to make too much sense out of it.
B000002UAU|5.0|I think this is the greatest Beatles album ever, and it is indeed definitley one of the masterpieces of rock music. The songs seem to have not aged at all(with a slight exception with &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds). The album seems to have an essence of 60's psychedelia(much like its counterpart Pink Floyd's Piper at the Gates of Dawn)but that doesnt ruin it, it only serves enhance the other worldly feelings the song and the album conveys. The cohesion is smooth and the album runs fluidly from one track to the next, the cream of the crop would have to be either &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot; or &quot;For the Benefit of Mr.Kite&quot;, well those two are my favorites, my thinking is that &quot;When I'm 64&quot; is too bubble gum poppy and that &quot;Within you, Without You&quot; is too eastern flavored for my taste. Anyways if you love the Beatles or psychedelic rock than this should be your first choice!
B0000DD7LC|5.0|Those who thought &quot;Songs In A-Minor&quot; is amazing have only heard the beginning.  Many thought that its high quality could never be matched or beat.  &quot;The Diary of Alicia Keys&quot; beats it.  These tracks, which were written from her heart, account her personal thoughts and trials through the last two years of her life.  Her powerful words are song amazing soulful, forcing listeners to feel what she's singing.  Such quality proves that she's close to Aretha Franklin's level.  Her piano playing is equally amazing, further expressing her words.  Her combination of Motown R&amp;B and modern day upbeats offer a unique and unmistakable sound with her songwriting.  Compared to &quot;Songs In A-Minor&quot;, her slightly more full sound, by adding a couple extra instruments, offer the added distinction.  <br />In a time when mainstream music is released only to make money, Alicia Keys represents and gives hope to true musicians.  Obviously, she only performs because music is her passion.  This may be why her songs are much better than everyone else's.  Her talents are delivered in a variety of ways in this album: love, loneliness, sassiness, and more.  Regardless if she's singing ballads or upbeat songs, she never flaws a single note.  Her hit single &quot;You Don't Know My Name&quot; capitalizes her musical evolution within the past two years.  <br />&quot;The Diary of Alicia Keys&quot; proves that there will be no artist like Alicia Keys.  She states with her musical quality that she'll be around for a long time.  This album will be a classic.  This is sure to please many listeners.<br />***Expect Alicia Keys to receive at least six Grammy nominations for 2004, including Album of the Year.  She deserves them all.  She could possibly repeat her five Grammy wins for 2001.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|Are The Strokes the saviors of rock? No. Did they deserve all the acclaim their first album, Is This It, got? Probably not. Are they talented? Not particularly. Are they better than Interpol? Certainly Not. Are they any more than your average, garden variety power pop band? Hell no! Is this CD Great? You bet it is! Drawing equally from The Cars and The Doors, The Strokes have come up with a nice little formula and stuck with it: Poor production, cheesy synth work and tight song structures that get right to the point and will always entertain, no matter how &quot;manufactured&quot; their sound is. The production is shoddy, but it works. While the strokes are terribly overrated, they strive to live up to their praise with their sophmore release. And they come pretty damn close.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This by far is the best Britney album ever. It was one of the most anticipated albums of 2003 and finally it's released. This albums awesome. Words can't describe how good this album is. She's so versatile in this album. She has worked with producers such as: Moby, R.kelly, and The Matrix. She has collaborated with Madonna and the Ying Yang Twins. I love all of her songs except for maybe Early mornin'. I wasn't feeling that song very musch. Usually when I buy cd's I usually like only about 2 or 3 songs and the reast are fillers. But in this cd I like almost all of them. She adds many elements of music such as Pop, rock, R&amp;B, metal, Hip-Hop, Trance and Dance and ballads. She also adds a little bit of Reggea which really surprised. My favourite song on this album is Everytime and Toxic. The worst is Early mornin'. I read some of the reviews and people keep comparing her to Christina Aguilera. I know she has a better voice than Britney but in some songs Christina tends to oversing which I don't approve of and is really annoying. Christina is a singer and that's it but Britney's an entertainer as well. Also Britney is a better dancer than Christina. I suggest you buy this album right now if you don't already have it. Buy this album to support the wonderful Britney.
B000002AH7|3.0|The reviewers that talk about playing Relaxin or Kind of Blue hundreds of times<br />but this only a dozen really sum up this great album.  Yes, great if you are in that<br />category of collector crossing over to aficionado.  This is Miles all by his<br />lonesome adjoined by  a strange orchestra that has no cohesion with this artist.<br />Very similar to that hokey stuff Creed Taylor did with Wes Montgomery and that<br />Verve orchestra (which all his best offerings are on Riverside by the way).  The<br />feel of this album is like some Columbia record exec. saying \\"hey Miles we're<br />going to put you in a room with an orchestra and it's going to be for your own<br />good because all the other jazz musicians who aren't half as talented as you are<br />doing this same thing.<br />But this is merely an opinion from a person who really has none other than if you<br />aren't a collector you will be much happier with well rounded classics like<br />Steamin, Talkin, Workin, and best of all Relaxin. Then on to the Columbia Sextet<br />but you can cut yourself on some of that insane wizardry.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|When I listened to Mer De Noms, I thought it was a little different, but was still mainly boring rock songs, as evidenced by the lead single &quot;Judith&quot;. However, after listening to Thirteeth Step, I have a newfound respect for A Perfect Circle. Being a Tool fan, I've always enjoyed the lyrics and voice of Maynard James Keenan, but what I truly love about this album is guitarist Billy Howerdel's brilliant composing and arrangments. While he is a skilled guitarist, his real strength is definatley composition. As for Jeordie/Twiggy/whoever the hell is on bass, while he is not very technically talented, and sounds identical to Tool's bassist, his playing is light years ahead of his open E work with  Marilyn Manson. Opening track &quot;The Package&quot; has some odd instrumentation with some really nice vocal melodies. &quot;Weak And Powerless&quot; has great key, time, and tempo changes throughout, although not so great in the vocal section. &quot;The Noose&quot; is without a doubt one of the best tracks on here. With a quiet minimalist buildup, it slowly draws tension until the ultra-melodic and beautiful electric breakdown at the end. Another fantastic piece is &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;. I believe this is a cover, but it is a beautiful love song with gorgeous progressions and arranging. Whenever I hear it, I can't help but think of my girlfriend. All in all, a stellar effort.
B000088E6D|4.0|I will preface this review by letting readers know I am not the typical Sinatra era fan reliving music from my past. I am a young listener who appreciates a wide genre of music ranging from R &amp; B to the pop sounds of Christina Aguilera. I stumbled upon Michael Buble's music listening to clips from the &quot;Down with Love&quot; soundtrack. Beautiful clear voice coupled with a good choice of classic material make this self titled album a solid winner. I appreciate the fact David Foster and others are taking advantage of modern music technology to enrich and update those classic 40's-60's sounds. Another artist I am sure fans of Bulbe will appreciate with this updated sound is Frank Stallone and the album &quot;In Love In Vain&quot; (Yes, I do believe he is the brother of Sylvester 'Rocky' Stallone).<br />The Christmas album &quot;Let it Snow!&quot; while brief,doesn't disappoint as well. I was disappointed with his follow up album &quot;Totally Buble&quot;. The quality of the material and sound in this reviewers opinion was below average. AM radio quality and generic bland material doomed this album. After reading previous readers reviews I now understand why. A good compilation of the modern updates is to download off of Napster this album ($9.95) and add various other cuts from the &quot;Down with Love&quot; soundtrack at 99 cents each. It really made a nice CD of music.
B000089RV6|5.0|This has got to be the greatest rock and roll album of all time! I'd give this album 1000 stars, its perfect! And to the person that gave this album a bad rating because they got the remastered version that included some photos and a booklet, news flash, your supposed to be rating the music on this album, not because of photos you moron. Anyway, theres not too much to say, ask anyone who is a fan of AC/DC and 95% of them will say this is their favorite album. (95% because im sure some people have other favorites) If you buy this, you will worship it, you will listen to it until your stereo breaks down or the roof of your house explodes from how loud you'll be playing it. This was AC/DC's highest point in their music career and it definetly was a great one. An excellent album, go out and buy it, you wont regret it. Keep on rockin.
B00003CXXJ|4.0|I really enjoyed Shrek.  Shrek himself was pretty funny and Donkey was histerical.  Fiona wasn't supposed to be TOO funny, and Farquad being short got old after a while.  But all in all it was a funny movie, worth seeing over and over.
B00008WT5E|5.0|This album is great! I think this is the best studio recording of AC/DC. The sound is good, and there are many different types of songs on here. My favorite for this would have to be &quot;Riff Raff&quot;, the power chords of Malcolm mixed with Angus' solos are breathtaking. Great songs such as &quot;Gone Shootin&quot; and &quot;What's Next to the Moon&quot; are some of my other favorites. This is one of the most treasured albums of many AC/DC fans, and for good reason. Great album, shouldnt be your first, but definetly worth getting after youve heard some of their other stuff.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|This is the MOST original Vampire movie I have seen in years.  Set in a dark present-day metropolis, the story asks the true film noir question: what is the right thing to do, and is the price worth it?  Using elements familiar to anyone who likes action movies, Underworld goes in a different direction.<br />The story is, at its heart, a story about consequences.  The female lead, Selene, is a vampire who serves her people without question - until a rebellion begins that could threaten their entire way of life.  Combined with the external threat of the Lycan werewolf clans (lycan is short for lycanthrope, or shape-changer), Selene must make very hard decisions over what side she will take, decisions that she later comes to regret.<br />What I liked most about this movie was the way Director Len Wiseman re-interpreted th legends surrounding Vampires and Werewolves.  Instead of re-creating the same, boring villains from storybooks a hundred years old, these creatures are caricatures of humanity.  Their powers are not simply fantastic abilities that make them horrible boogeymen.  Their supernatural qualities are used intelligently, to emphasize their humanity and hold a mirror up in front of our face.  The brute strength, tenacity and macabre medicinal practices of the Lycans are all too familiar qualities of the real-life downtrodden, as is the sneering, anemic, but all-too-real power of the Vampire overlords.<br />In response, some have approached me and said \\"But that is not how Vampires and Werewolves work!  They are supposed to do <<insert x neat thingie here>>, and they never do!\\"  To this, I reply \\"Why should they?\\"  This is not White Wolf's \\"World of Darkness\\" setting, nor is it an Ann Rice novel.  While those two settings are quite good, and I like them personally, there is no hard and fast rule that says every interpretation must be the same; in fact, some would say that a new interpretation is better art, because it takes risks.<br />In the end, this is thetrue strength of Underworld.  Wiseman takes risks - with the setting, with the effects, with the characters, and with the story.  In doing so, he manages to make Underworld more than just the sum of its familiar action-adventure components, and turn it into a film that makes you think.  While it is certainly not a classic film epic, it is a rock-solid movie that easily deserves 4 stars.
B00008WT5C|5.0|This album is truly one of AC/DC's best! Though &quot;Problem Child&quot; was put in place of &quot;Crabsody in Blue,&quot; this album doesnt dissappoint me at all. I have every AC/DC album and this is one of my favorites. The sole mixture of blues and rock makes this a great album for fans. You may notice a decline in sound quality, but you get over it and accept it as a classic flavor touch. The people that give this album poor reviews are either non-AC/DC fans, or they are deaf. I reccomend this as your second AC/DC album if you are just starting, you should get the power-packed &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; first. This would be an excellent follow-up. To put this in a nutshell, go out and buy this, you surely will not be dissappointed.
B00004YKUY|2.0|I purchased this album after hearing the band's Greatest Hits album.  My interest had been sparked and I was curious to see what type of music the band was making these days.  I was pleased to see that they hadn't strayed from their perfect blend of guitars and keys.  The songs were okay...just okay.  It was basically a collection of filler without one prominent hit.  I almost got the feeling that Journey, like so many other veteran bands out there trying to find their place in this ugly rock scene we have today, were trying to hard to write a hit.  The new singer was okay but not outstanding.  He kindof sounded like a mix of John Waite and Steve Perry.
B000002JS8|5.0|Rock in peace Bon. This album is definetly one of AC/DC's best. All the songs are excellent, and c'mon, who hasn't heard &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; before? You can expect much from this album and it delivers it. Its the good old AC/DC, and this album put them into the major league of hard rock. It would be downright insane to give this album poor reviews. The guitar riffs are great and this has to be one of the best hard rock albums of all time. This album caused quite some controversy in the U.S. and created rumors that the members of AC/DC were satanic worshipers. But thats all just a load of crap, it symbolizes the band being on the road and their tough times while there. I would reccomend this as your first AC/DC album if you are just starting out. Great album, great band.
B0000028RR|5.0|This CD is the start of Rage's greatness. Rage Against the Machine, my favorite band of all time, has made every album great. This one is the best(Besides LATGOA). It has songs like Killing in the Name (Popular song), to Know Your Enemy, a quiet spoken song that Rage is best known for. If you're looking to buy a Rage CD this would be my order.<br />1. Live at the Grand Olympic Auditorium<BR>2. Rage Against the Machine<BR>3. The Battle of Los Angeles<BR>4. Evil Empire<br />WHAT EVER YOU DO, DO NOT BUY ONE OF THOSE TRIBUTE TO RAGE CD'S!<BR>The guy who tries to sing the RATM songs has no power, no enthusiasm, and no talent!<br />TAKE THE POWER BACK!
B00005JLPK|5.0|I totally love this movie.  Salma Hayek is the spitting image of Frida Kahlo.  This movie is a great portrayal of Frida's life beginning in her teenage years.  OMG I am at loss for words.  You have to see this movie as if this was the only one ever made.
B00008ADPF|1.0|Thinking this would be like there last album....I was wrong.Not only is this album pure trash, they didn't even put the good version of 'Saturdays alright for fighting' with Kid Rock.So I just took a nice dump.....and along with that dump, is this cd.
B00005JL96|5.0|In average, this is a classic film, my children love it so much, even they are not understand English! The sound and music are great, I love the Elvis songs, such a good mix with the storyline. Even for me, Lilo and Stitch touch my heart a lot, about universal values of o`hana (that means family). Even the sequel (Stitch the Movie) is lower compared to this original movie. And finally-never forget--this is just a cartoon movie for children.
B0000C1733|5.0|RHCP is one of the greatest bands ever. I'm still amazed about how they became more mature, rich musicians, without loosing the energy and mojo that has become their brand. They just rule!<BR>Oh, by the way, this cd is great...
B00006CXXU|5.0|This is the best album ever, for me, at least. It's this album that makes me love Christina even more. She really has improved a lot! Just listen to her Fighter, her vocals are amazing there. I've been listening to this CD since 6 months ago, and today, i am still listening to it, it just doesn't get boring. You have hip-hop, ballads, rock, jazz, R&amp;B and even soul etc, in this CD. It just suits everyone. And I have to say that this CD is much much much better than Britney Spears's In The Zone. Buy it today!!!
B000024D4R|4.0|This is the paranoid reaction of Roger Waters' given that the Conservatives ( Tories ) came to power. And to many listeners you'll get the same feeling but I'll get to that later.<br />On first listen, Animals is so disappointing. What once was beautiful now sounds so ugly! Dogs sounds so bloody long and irritating and the album feels on the whole unenjoyable. The first few listens really beg the question - is this album for me? But then you listen more........<br />The lyrics begin to become more important since they really gel the album together. And when that happens the delights begin to appear but you must have a lot of patience. I think that those who have a problem with this album have a valid point. It's not a question of &quot; not getting it,&quot; it's more a question of &quot; can you take it?&quot; And if you can, then we really are the sheep/dogs/pigs of this world!<br />As has being said this album has a reason for it being difficult. Mainly this is were Waters becomes the tyrant of the band. This effectively becomes the end of the band ( you only have to listen to The Final Cut to know that ). Now this is one question. You look at the lyrics and you think &quot; yeah right on &quot; but then the whole thing smacks of hypocrisy in some respects. The tyrant of the band wants us to go against the tyrants of this world. In that case even Roger Waters get his just desserts. His filthy hands will then go off to his solo project ( which some fans will tell you are better than the last two Pink Floyd records but that's merely a question of taste!)<br />So buy this album and you'll discover what sort of man ( or woman ) you are in this world. Or alternatively just rock out to the tunes and don't think of the lyrics. Sometimes being oblivious to the nature of the world can be a good thing!
B00005Y1XZ|5.0|If &quot;My Aim Is True&quot; landed on the music scene like a stick of dynamite with the fuse lit, &quot;This Year's Model&quot; was the explosion that came after. Elvis' first album with the Attractions more than lived up to its predecessor, in that having a working band behind him matched the music to the blunt force of the songs.<br />Once again, it is the stark voice of EC that opened the album as he ominously intones &quot;I don't wannna kiss you, I don't wanna touch.&quot; When the players kick in, it's a whole 'nother world from &quot;My Aim Is True,&quot; and for the first time, &quot;new wave&quot; had a front man. Before this album had been released, one of the central songs had made headlines. Elvis' broadside at narrow-format broadcasting, &quot;Radio Radio,&quot; was performed in such a bizarre fashion on Saturday Night Live that he was effectively banned from the show for almost a decade and made this (then) seventeen year-old a fan for life. That performance sealed a decision for me to get into radio and make artists like Elvis accessible to listeners. When I was fortunate enough to tell him this many years later, Elvis kindly autographed a ragged poster of &quot;Armed Forces&quot; &quot;Don't blame me.&quot;<br />Personal nostalgia aside, this double disc version &quot;This Year's Model&quot; contains all the songs that comprised the original US and UK versions and the original UK artwork. These are some of the songs by which EC is measured, like &quot;Radio Radio,&quot; &quot;Pump it Up&quot; and &quot;The Beat.&quot; The Attractions' playing was melody driven in addition to frenetic, a perfect compliment to Elvis' brilliant lyrics. And it was already becoming apparent that keyboardist Steve Nieve was becoming an architect of what American ears would identify as &quot;punk rock.&quot;<br />The bonus disc contains two finished cuts with &quot;Big Tears&quot; and &quot;Crawling To The USA.&quot; &quot;Big Tears&quot; is noteworthy in that Elvis has often said he wanted Dusty Springfield to record it and it was written in the style of Bacharach...and we all know where that ambition eventually led. The liner notes, as Elvis describes the whirlwind of forming The Attractions and heading for the US, are fun as well as the pictures. (I do wish the US album cover shot of Elvis with his face partially obscured by the camera had been included somewhere.) The remainder of the bonus CD provides some hot live recordings that proved what this band of raving 20 somethings were capable in their rock and roll youth.often said he wanted Dusty Springfield to record it and it was written in the style of Bacharach...and we all know where that ambition eventually led. The liner notes, as Elvis describes the whirlwind of forming The Attractions and heading for the US, are fun as well as the pictures. (I do wish the US album cover shot of Elvis with his face partially obscured by the camera had been included somewhere.) The remainder of the bonus CD provides some hot live recordings that proved what this band of raving 20 somethings were capable in their rock and roll youth.
B000001ZS3|5.0|This remains a stunning document of electronic music when at it's best. Needs to be listened to be appreciated - that's all. There's no need in the question of artistic integrity because it instantly draws you and funnily enough without trying to sound pretensious - gives you all the air you need! Blends as a whole although tracks 2 and 4 stand out since you might have heard them just about everywhere. Track 4 particularly for me since I remember there was this machine that would give you teddy bears and it would play the lead melody from that song. <br />I give it 5 stars even if the length of the album ( 39 minutes )wouldn't usually be enough to part such an amount of money on. But this is an exception
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I have been a gigantic fan of Dream Theater since I was in middle school (a.k.a. more than six years ago). I have heard all their material, from the amusing debut album, &quot;When Dream and Day Unite&quot;, to their side projects such as Liquid Tension Experiment, Transatlantic, O.S.I. etc. While I have not always loved everything they put out, I can APPRECIATE everything they have produced for the never-failing creativity, versatility, and technical ability that these musicians display. &quot;Train of Thought&quot; is no exception. What you have is possibly their heaviest album to date.....What you also have is some of the fiercest shredding between Mr. Petrucci and Mr. Rudess that we've heard on any DT album to date. If these two factors are such a turn-off to all of you who gave poor reviews, you're obviously missing the point. In recent interviews, Mike Portnoy made it quite clear that T.O.T. was intended to be a &quot;classic metal album&quot;, no more, no less. While I certainly believe they have delivered much more than that, you naysayers can't deny that they made good on their goal/promise. This was never meant to be a sprawling concept album ala &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot; or, to a lesser extent, &quot;Six Degrees.....&quot;. <br />The very definition of &quot;progressive&quot; implies change, movement and an avoidance of repetition. With each subsequent album, Dream Theater does all those things- I believe they are truly one of the most &quot;progressive&quot; bands in the world right now. Fans of their music who understand this tend to have OPEN MINDS! If you approach DT's music with anything else than an open mind, you are selling yourself way short, my friends.
067101756X|4.0|If this book does not stir your emotions, then you are more alien than those believed to have crashed in Roswell.  By the time this book was published, nearly 50 years of fact and fiction had accumulated.  At over 80 years of age, the author published the book more than 35 years after his involvement in the incident.  While most of us struggle to remember what we did yesterday, it is admirable that Col. Corso (Ret.) remembered what he said, thought, and ate on particular days that long ago - especially since he was so careful not to leave a paper trail.  Do I question the honor and integrity of a distinguished military officer who served our country with such devotion?  No, but I also know that deception and disinformation is a doctrinally accepted military operation.  While acts of deception are not legally permitted on domestic soil, we would be naive to think that it doesn't happen, especially when the author and his superior repeatedly relied on hidden agendas to accomplish their mission.<br />This book does depict the military climate.  Diversified agencies with different agendas driven by a `staff officer' in position for a couple of years with no guaranteed continuity between programs.  An officer who often fails to give credit to the work, insights, and diligence of others.  While Mr. Corso subtly criticizes the civilian sector for taking 10 years to get a man on the moon, isn't it ironic that it took the Army 14 years to begin the systematic transfer of knowledge to the defense community. <br />I was surprised to see a former member of the military admit the recovery of bodies and spacecraft.  Not being a dedicated UFOer, I must have missed the point at which this information was declassified.  With all the threats to those knowledgeable of the incident and people being permanently incognito afterward,  it is surprising to see such open disclosure by Mr. Corso.   Just what was the motive and consequences?<br />The real disappointment is that the military, who Mr. Corso was a part of for so many years, has failed to officially reveal information on the artifacts, while acts of concealment and camouflage continue.  It certainly is not the military's role to decide what the public is ready to believe and accept; and I don't buy the national security argument for camouflaging all of the truth.<br />This book should be required reading in a class like philosophy or critical thinking.  It addresses the type of emotional topic that challenges our ability to think critically.  And thinking critically is all we can do now since too much time has passed to know the real truth about Roswell.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This extended version puts back in all of the scenes that the directors wanted to keep but due to time restraints were cut out. But what I found the most interesting were the Appendices after the movies.  These were just as long and were a pleasure to watch, showing behind the scenes footage of the movies. I would recommend this to anybody who liked the movies or the books.
B0000DD7NL|5.0|I am Not amazed by Alicia s come back!!! Becuase will all know it these girl have been taking the soul music to a hole new level nobody can reach her status yet and nobody as tried to copied it because it cant be copied. From being a piano genius and a original lead vocalist she as touched and bless so many people with her music around the world. The new aretha franklin mixed with a beat of trl status this girl got skills !!! Plus this record does not sound like the first one its two different things. But judging the sound of this record some of you might not like it.
B00005JMTN|4.0|In a season where I have been disappointed by film after film, Big Fish was a refreshing experience.  Tim Burton creates a magical story filled with the perfect elements of reality and imagination to explore ideas about family, life and most of all, love.  The acting is perfect. Albert Finney is funny and charming and Jessica Lange is dynamic as his counterpart. Ewan McGregor is absolutely magnetic and loveable, and Billy Crudup shines; he knows exactly how to hold a glance or react to another character or even how to communicate in the most believable way. Even smaller parts are superb, including performances by Alison Lohman, Robert Guillame, Danny DeVito, Steve Buscemi, Helena Bonham Carter and many more. <br />The story line is clever, and the switch between present time and \\"Ed\\" time keeps the audience entertained. There is just enough sweetness and laughter mixed in too, endearing the audience to the film and the stories unraveling on screen.  It is easy to understand why the characters in the film, save for Will (Crudup), want to believe Ed's tales--and the viewer is pullling for Ed all the way.<br />The only downfall was that it did not leave with an overwhelming sense of any one feeling. Burton would like the audience to interpret the story as one of the characters in the film would--to each her or his own--but this some how leaves the viewer missing a little something. Burton actually tells us in the story that a man will see things differently at different points in his life, and this may explain why the overall sentiment of the film was not as powerful for some as it could be for others. However, for such a remarkable life, Ed should be able to leave the viewer with an indelible impression, and this somehow falls a little short. <br />A nice feature, one that many films as of late have gotten wrong, is that Burton knows how to frame his film and how to end it. The credits roll right when they should. This is a worthwhile film, a well-told tale that is delightful with excellent performances, and is undoubtedly a film that should be viewed over and over to catch all the special twists and meanings.
B000099T2L|3.0|Form Crazy in love to Naughty Girl where beyonce prove that she is a pro when it comes to perform. The rest of the album is not that impressive. I think that Beyonce could have done better because she is capable of doing better. This record was concentrate more in a advertisement process putting doing a track with sean paul that becomes annoying after hearing it a couple of times. Most of the concentration an the album was put on crazy in love which was the song of the summer. Besides that beyonce needs to start putting her real talent without this beau go crap that we all like to call advertising !!!
B00005QG9J|5.0|ok let me just tell anyone buying or thinking about buying morning veiw. you shouldn't even ve thinking about buying it...just buy it. this album is so incredible. i have every single one of their cd's and by far this is the best one created. when i listen to it i never have to change to the next song because every single song is too good to skip. you know thats a good album when you can't skip to the next song and you have to listen to every single song. aqueous transmission i would have to say is the most interesting and beautiful song i have ever heard. i would recommend that if you don't have any of their cd's you need to get this one and then work your way to the oldest. and don't forget to buy their new cd &quot;a crow left of the murder&quot; on feb. 3, 2004!
B0000DD7LC|5.0|I am Not amazed by Alicia s come back!!! Becuase will all know it these girl have been taking the soul music to a hole new level nobody can reach her status yet and nobody as tried to copied it because it cant be copied. From being a piano genius and a original lead vocalist she as touched and bless so many people with her music around the world. The new aretha franklin mixed with a beat of trl status this girl got skills !!! Plus this record does not sound like the first one its two different things. But judging the sound of this record some of you might not like it.
0452282152|4.0|This historical and fictional book is about a 16 years old Griet who has to face the reality to work for the painter, Vermeer, as a maid after her father turns blind and loses his job as a tile maker. More sorrows and hardships come to Griet as a wind does suddenly without a warning in her family life. The place is set in Holland during the 17th century. While working as a maid and cleaning her master's studio, she becomes more closer and interested in his paintings. She even helps him in making colors and changing some parts of the painting to make it look better. Then, she is faced with Vermeer's wife, Catherina, her children, her mother, and another maid named Tanneke. Catherina is jealous of Griet, and does not act so kindly, but coldly towards her. Vermeer paints Griet with Catherina's pearl earrings, which brings more feelings of hatred that Catherina has about Griet. This book is historical since the painting of Vermeer's work on the cover was actually there. Girl with a Pearl Earring drew me in because of its' speical plot that not a lot of books had. If you want to find more about what happened, you better read it now!!!! It was a great read!
B00008J4P5|5.0|This is not a game withe stripes are coming and they gonna take music to a hole new level. Those guys have been able to contracdict the capitalism system and politics in rock n roll by keeping a street cred like no other artist. This record is mixt with guitar and drums sound like you have never heard before. It is an amazing political record ...
B00008PW2D|1.0|I haven't even watched it yet, but I can't believe it is only 8 episodes (2 discs).  What a rip off.
0807219533|5.0|We read this aloud and we highly recommend it to all Harry Potter fans.  Bartimaeus and Nathaniel develop a wonderful relationship and the climax will knock you off your chair (but, you won't put the book down!).  We cannot wait for Book #2.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Sometimes, a truly great work suffers at the feet of the critics simply because its successful.<br />..and so for those who criticize this magical epic, I say shame on you!!! Never has such a diffcult and complex story, filled with humor, whimsey and a great  story been so aptly translated to film. Adored by adults and children alike, this is the finest creative craftmanship of this genre since The Wizard of Oz , and destined to be treasured for many if not 100's of years into the furture.
0385504209|2.0|The premise of this book is that the &quot;Holy Grail&quot; contains all kinds of information which would invalidate the male-centric teachings of the Catholic church and that the Church wants this information badly to maintain their &quot;control&quot; and historical destiny.<br />The trouble with this premise is that the Catholic church's teachings have already been invalidated for centuries; Coperenicus and Galileo at least started this trend 5-600 years ago.  As for the role of the feminine, women's role in society is as good as it has been in thousands of years, and is arguably increasing.  The power and influence of the Catholic church is (barring conspiracy theories) only a fraction of what it was.<br />So tell me why the church or anyone else is willing to kill people to &quot;expose&quot; the church's teachings, limit the church's powers and increase the importance of women in our society?<br />Unfortunately for the reader, in addition to having a premise that doesn't make logical sense, it's also written in airport-book-kiosk B-grade prose; a tolerable time-killer if the premise is even halfway logical.  It would have been a more interesting book if it had been set in the 1870s instead of the current era, as the premise as it relates to the historical political and theological situation would have been much more believable.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|Okay - I am a broadway nut. I have been to the Gershwin Theatre 4 times - the last to see Wicked. I LOVED IT. I saw it in the final week of preview. The music is excellent. Some of the best in years. Irina has a rock like voice that adds depth and spice to her character. ( I was a BIG Rent fan) Kris is wonderful as Galinda aka Glinda. This musical has flash, glamor and great music. The costumes are wild fresh and appealing. The set is simple, yet creative. I highly recommend this musical. I had not read the book be4hand yet  now I will. I have been waiting for this album all December. If this doesn't win the TONY they have issues .........
B0000VCZK2|5.0|No need to comment on the films at large here - the first two are classics, Alien 3 is flawed but by and large underrated, and Alien Resurrection sucks with or without ten extra minutes of footage.<br />But somehow Amazon made a mistake in listing each film's technical specs.  Alien's aspect ratio is 2.35:1, and the &quot;special&quot; edition included is an alternate edit, not an extended one, which runs 116 minutes (NOT 137 minutes).  It also lists Aliens as having an aspect ratio of 2.35:1, which is incorrect.  It's actually 1.85:1, the only such ratio of any film in the series.
B00006F83Y|4.0|It's quite simple, &quot;Kyuss&quot; + &quot;Screaming Trees&quot; + &quot;Nirvana&quot; = &quot;Queens Of The Stone Age&quot;. What else do you need to know?
0375703861|3.0|While reading Zadie Smith's White Teeth, I was continually trying to answer the question, \\"Why did Smith title this book White Teeth?\\"  Finally on page 379, I found the key.  Describing the inner life of Irie Smith, author Smith writes: \\"Despite opting for a life of dentistry, she had not yet lost all of the poetry in her soul, that is, she could still have the odd Proustian moment, note layers upon layers, though she often experienced them in periodontal terms.\\"<br />With this clue, I then looked backward and forward in the book to catch the poetry, discern the Proustian moments, and observe the \\"layers upon layers.\\"  Smith has indeed written a novel that is multicultural, multigenerational, multi-religious, multi-racial, and mutli-layered.  She makes much of the concept of fundamentals and fundamentalism.  It is a condition that afflicts many of her characters and makes them headstrong, with narrow visions.  These characters are so completely wrapped up in their (pick one) religion, family history, cult, cultural background, private philosophy that they are blind to the reality of their lives.  They miss the benefits of diversity, cannot recognize the layers of experience, and anguish over their failures.  Irie Smith, by the novel's end, has broken from this mind set and has experienced the poetry of life. <br />There is depth here, but whatever meaning, whatever thoughtful statement about modern life Smith might be making - these were largely lost to me because of the absurdity of characters and plot.  Don't get me wrong; I whipped through the book because I enjoyed it.  But at the end, I was left feeling like I do after a T.C. Boyle read: cynically amused.  I do not doubt that this is a valid - perhaps inevitable - reaction to our world, which, it seems, becomes increasingly polarized and viewed in simple shades of black and white.  Keeping poetry in the soul is difficult.  Bravo to Smith for this book.  She is sure to have a long and important career as a thoughtful chronicler of the chaos we create.
B0000CAXIC|4.0|Two things stand out as huge differences between The Colour And The Shape (TCATS) and the Foo Fighter's self-titled debut album: melody and lyrics.  Frontman Dave Grohl dials down the pace of most of the songs on TCATS compared to the debut, leaning towards more melodic post-grunge rockers like \\"Hey, Johnny Park!\\" and the hit single \\"Everlong.\\"  For the most part, this works, as there are still enough screamers like \\"My Poor Brain\\" and \\"Wind Up\\" to keep the album from getting too comfortable in its pacing.  And, of course, the wonderful \\"Everlong.\\"<br />Lyrically, TCATS is a step up from the debut, as this time around you can actually hear the lyrics, something that was not always possible in the first album.  Grohl's lyrical ability is fairly impressive, and he manages for the most part to hold the listener's interest with his sheer unpredictability even if some of the melodies themselves come off as somewhat average and typical for a mid-90s \\"alternative\\"/post-punk/post-grunge/whatever band.<br />There's also more obvious filler.  \\"Enough Space\\" is a one-verse song that drags on for two and a half minutes and goes nowhere, while \\"February Stars\\" builds to a dramatic crescendo over lyrics that don't even come close to matching in emotional impact.  The album could have been a much tighter and more cohesive 11 songs than its sprawling 13.<br />That said, The Colour And The Shape shows Grohl and the Foos at perhaps their creative peak, filled with quirky songs bursting with melodic and lyrical hooks.  It hasn't been matched by the Foos since, and one would be hard-pressed to find anything superior from a contemporary rock band from the period.
0385504209|2.0|I have recently developed a habit of reading in front of my computer.  I use an online dictionary, I google things I want to learn more about, and I bring up pictures of places, people, or things I am reading about.  Reading Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code in front of the computer was a great thrill.  I found the book to be just so-so, but the things I learned online were incredible.<br />For example, I took an online tour of Westminster Abbey and was able to view the sepulcher of Sir Isaac Newton.  I pulled up images of the Da Vinci works that were used in the novel.  I took a tour of the Louvre and saw the pyramids that play such a central role in the book.  Unfortunately, I did not learn any new words.<br />It would be mostly unfair to criticize Brown's book for its superficiality.  It is a mystery, a thriller; and as an instance of this genre, I found it to be a compelling read.  It also led me to other places to read more on the Grail, on Da Vinci, and on the early Church.  That's not such a bad thing.  But as others have pointed out, the characters in Brown's book are cardboard cutouts and the plot becomes incredulous at times.  This plot, in other hands, may have produced a fleshy substantive work that kept me in the book and off the web.  Pick up the book, go to the beach, and enjoy.
B000020617|3.0|There Is Nothing Left To Lose shows a predictable turn by Dave Grohl and the Foos from poppy but still raw-ish melodic rock of the previous album, The Colour And The Shape, to more melodic and less raw radio rock.  Riding the hit single &quot;Learn To Fly,&quot; this album continued the mainstream success that &quot;Everlong&quot; and &quot;Monkey Wrench&quot; had brought the band.<br />That said, even though most of the music here is about as radio-friendly as you can get (&quot;Next Year&quot; was used as the theme song for the NBC chick comedy-drama &quot;Ed,&quot; for crying out loud), Grohl delivers most of it with the kind of energy and sincerity that you don't often hear in this type of music.<br />&quot;Stacked Actors&quot; actually starts the album on a fairly raw note, with a heavily-distorted riff giving way to swirling, ethereal guitars behind lounge-sung lyrics.  This, &quot;Breakout,&quot; and &quot;Learn To Fly&quot; form a solid beginning to the album that declines in quality somewhat with &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; and &quot;Generator&quot;--two songs that, though not bad per se, don't really hold the listener's attention, vocal distortions aside.  &quot;Aurora&quot; is really the masterpiece of the album.  A slower tune, with interesting instrumentation, and one of Grohl's better vocal performances to some of what I think are the best Foo lyrics ever (&quot;I just kind of died for you, you just kind of stared at me.&quot;)<br />Throw in some more ballads and an energetic closer (&quot;M.I.A.&quot;) and you've got a solid album that never pretends to be anything else.
B00008PW2D|2.0|Everyone is complaining about how expenisive this set is, well that did not bother me untill I got this shiny package in the mail today. I popped in disc one and enjoyed the first four eposide's everyone who say's they are subpar really need's to get a life. The eposide's are just as funny s the previous season's. Back to the problem at hand I pop in disc two and I get a screen that says this disc is not comptibale and the player says no  play. I proceed to check it in my dvd rom drive of my expenisve computer thinking maybe it will play that's what happened a few weeks afo with Freaky Friday and zippo same thing. HBO I have changed my mind it is bad enough having to pay the same price for half the materail it is plain robbery having to pay 32.49 for 4  epoisdes. I hope the replacemnent amazon sends me will solve the problem or else HBO better prepare to lose a valuble dvd and cable customer. <br />           Update the replacement disc was fine, but bonus features are very medicore a triva game that like another reveiwer said is fun for about five minutes, a few eposide commentries like the one on disc one and 21 minute fashion featurete. this set is only for people who have to have every eposide of this groundbreaking series.
B00003CXS4|5.0|A few things drove me to see this movie: I'm a bit of an Anglophile, since &quot;Ocean's 11&quot; I've become more of a Brad Pitt fan, and I had heard great word-of-mouth about it.<br />This is great stuff. Even though Pitt spends a bit too much time with his shirt off (my wife loved that part), it's difficult to describe him as &quot;pretty&quot; in this movie. His performance has further won me over to his side - he's an absolute riot! Thank God for the subtitles!<br />There are many memorable characters in &quot;Snatch&quot;, and many great lines. The jump cuts and Brit slang, which some previous reviewers have criticised, are, to me, a big part of the fun. I found myself laughing out loud at several points, and smiling the whole way along. <br />Never a dull moment! I'm looking forward to Guy's next effort!
0385504209|1.0|A reader from Michigan is so full of crud. Not a freakin thing in this book is true. He's a big liar. He didn't research it. The liar. This book sux and you really shouldn't read this load of cr@p!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|All I can say is that Fox did it again.  Cancelling another great show.  Thankfully FireFly came out on DVD.  I don't understand how a show this good gets canned.  Just by seeing all the reviews here, there's obviously a fan base.  But, I guess they need to make room for more reality shows.<br />Buy the DVD.  You'll love it.  Even if you've never seen the show.  Highly recommended!
B000002H33|5.0|This is the ULTIMATE metal album!!!!! This is Metallica at their PEAK!!! BUY IT
B0000508U6|5.0|Back in 2000 Colplay managed to release an amazing pop and rock record - amazingly their first . &quot; Parachutes &quot; stands out from all other recent music releases for having as much feeling as it does . &quot; Yellow &quot; is the perfect cd-single while the rest of the tracklist , although  mostly lo-fi ballads , is undeniably striking . From the melancholic quality of &quot; Don't Panic &quot; ( &quot; All all that i know / there's nothing here to run from ...&quot; ) to the tender sadness of  &quot; High Speed &quot; this is first-class songwritting for one's soul searching moments . Ofcourse a basic element behind the group's magic is Chris Martin's bittersweet , beautiful perfomances . For a band as talented and famous as they are , Coldplay have adopted a humble public image and kind manners and they deserve credit for that . They seem to focus only on the important stuff which is creating good music .
B00006RIO7|4.0|This is an overall great CD to go along with a great movie!  Except for a few tracks, all the songs are good and listenable.<br />1. &quot;All That Jazz&quot;  <BR>~Great song, great lyrics to sing along to, and fast and fun to dance to~<br />2. &quot;Funny Honey&quot;<BR>~Renee Zellwieger has a good voice and does this song justice~<br />3. &quot;When You're Good To Mama&quot;<BR>~Okay, not the most memorable, Queen Latifah is good though~<br />4. &quot;Cell Block Tango&quot;<BR>~One of my favorites on the CD! Fun to sing along to, and an overall great dance track~<br />5. &quot;All I Care About&quot;<BR>~Richard Gere certainly surprised me, but not the best song, it's okay~<br />6. &quot;We Both Reached For the Gun&quot;<BR>~Great, fun song! It's an awesome sequence in the movie~<br />7. &quot;Roxie&quot;<BR>~Nice beat, dreamy Hollywood song~<br />8. &quot;I Can't Do It Alone&quot;<BR>~Great song to choreagraph a dance to~<br />9. &quot;Mister Cellophane&quot;<BR>~One of my favorites! John C. Reilly does it wonderfully!~<br />10. &quot;Razzle Dazzle&quot;<BR>~It's okay, not my favorite~<br />11. &quot;Class&quot;<BR>~Not featured in the movie, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latifah, good tune- should've been in the movie~<br />12. &quot;Nowadays&quot;<BR>~I love this song! Starts off slow and melancholy, but then as Roxie gets more eager, it gets faster, but her hopes are slashed as they reject her--great!~<br />13. &quot;Nowadays/Hot Honey Medley&quot;<BR>~this is good but mostly instrumental~<br />14. &quot;I Move On&quot;<BR>~The finale in the movie, this a good ending song~<br />15. &quot;After Midnight&quot;<br />~An instrumental, I usually skip this one~<br />16. &quot;Roxie's Suite&quot;<BR>~Same as above~<br />17. &quot;Cell Block Tango&quot;<BR>~This is the hip-hop version featuring Queen Latifah, Macy Gray and Lil' Kim. Stick to the original, please~<br />18. &quot;Love Is A Crime&quot;<BR>~Boring..no idea how this ended up on the CD~<br />Well there youhave it. A basically all-around good CD, except for the skippable tracks at the end. Avoid the last two at all costs!!
0792839730|5.0|The movie gives an interesting and comprehensive picture of Operation Market Garden, Montgomery's failed operation to seize a strategic Rhine river crossing in September of 1944. <br />The battle scenes are as good, and the acting is excellent, but the scope of the picture is perhaps too broad.  The movie tries to do justice to Cornelius Ryan's book, and in doing so becomes rather confusing, and just one long action sequence by the end. <br />Somewhat lost in all the noise, is the decimation of the British Paratrooper Division who suffer the most astounding casualties, and the heroic last stand at Arnheim bridge by Lt. Col. Frost [Anthony Hopkins]. With an all-star cast starring Anthony Hopkins, Gene Hackman, Laurence Olivier, Sean Connery, Maximillian Schell, James Caan, Liv Ullmann, Ryan O'Neil, Robert Redford, Dirk Bogarde, this ensemble is sufficient reason to watch this film [Miss-cast Robert Redford and Ryan O'Neil, the movie would have been significantly better with out their addition to the cast].<br />OVERALL SCORE: (A-)<BR>PLOT: (B), CHARATERS: (B+), DIALOGUE: (B), SETTING: (B+), ACTION/COMBAT: (A-), ANTAGONISTS: (B+), ROMANCE: (n/a),AGE LEVEL: (PG)
B00005JLSE|5.0|&quot;Chicago&quot; definitely deserved to sweep at the Oscars last year.  I was especially happy it won Best Picture.  This was one of my favorite movies of 2002. <br />Roxie Hart (Renee Zellweiger) is an aspiring Vaudeville star who shoots her lover, then ends up in jail with her idol, singer Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones).  With the help of the slick, slimy Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), the women try to get out of jail and return to showbiz.<br />Though Renee Zellwieger was very good, I thought Catherine Zeta-Jones did the best job in this movie.  When the two sang and danced together, Zeta-Jones was the one I couldn't keep my eyes off of.  She's a trained dancer and singer, so with this film, she was completely in her element.  She definitely deserved the Best Supporting Actress Oscar.<br />My favorite songs/dance numbers included: &quot;All That Jazz,&quot; &quot;Mr. Cellophane,&quot; &quot;Cell Block Tango,&quot; &quot;We Both Reached For the Gun,&quot; and &quot;Nowadays.&quot;  The song and dance numbers were cleverly done so that they were in Roxie's head, if you don't like the idea of musicals with people randomly bursting into song and dance.  Go rent it today, I strongly recommend it!
B00005JMCT|3.0|With American Pie II, producer Chris Moore and writer Adam Herz accomplished something exceedingly rare - a sequel that was even funnier than the original. The characters actually grew deeper, you cared about them more, you got a deeper insight into their behavior, and it was, well, just *funnier*.<br />With American Wedding, unfortunately, they fell far short of matching anything near the comedy of the other two. Much of the original cast is missing, which didn't bother me too much since Oz (Chris Klein), Vicky (Tara Reid) and Heather (Mena Suvari) were my least favorite characters. (But I think we all missed Nadia.) The missing cast members weren't really the problem in American Wedding, however. The problem was that the characters became paper-thin stereotypes of themselves. We saw obligatory knock-off jokes from the first two. There's not much worse than a writer/producer team riding on their own coattails as opposed to actually coming up with something new and original. In part 2, Jim glued himself to...himself, so in part 3 we need another genitalia mishap. In part 2 Stifler got peed on, so in part 3 there was something involving feces. In general the humor in American Wedding is just rewritten scenes from one of the first two movies. There's very little new or original here. <br />The most disappointing was Stifler (Sean William Scott) whom most of us love. I find it amazing that his character actually *regressed* from where it was in the original installment. Herz did a great job of creating a unique character in Stifler, the guy you all knew and hated in high school. He was not only funny but not an exact stereotype. In American Wedding he is a completely clichéd version of himself - he acts so stupid that you wonder if there's something wrong with him. Literally, they have him acting like he needs medical attention. It turns out that Stifler is featured in the movie more than any other, which would be great if they had given him any funny lines or scenes.<br />In the end American Wedding is certain to please some, but I would save your money on the DVD. It just isn't going to have that repeat-watchability that the first two have.
B00008J4P5|5.0|seven nation army - 8/10. addictive, catchy.<br />black math 10/10. raw, pumping, a song to get you up in the morning or to dance stupidly to live.<br />there's no home for you here 6/10 mellower, not one of my favourites but I wouldn't turn it off.<br />IJDKWTDWM: 9/10 cover version gold. I love this!<br />in the cold cold night: 7/10. I like meg's voice, it's not brilliant but it's interesting. As are the lyrics.<br />I want to be the boy 6/10 - lovely lyrics, but a little slow.<br />you've got her in your pocket 5/10. The WS at their most 'soft and tinkly'. I do like it, but when I listen to rock I prefur it to be loud.<br />ball and biscuit - 7/10/ So long, but a great guitar solo.<br />hardest button to button 8/10. Excellent!<br />little acorns - 8/10. It's insane! I love it!<br />hypnotise - 9/10 so so good. Fast like I like it.<br />air near my fingers ^ same.<br />girl you have no faith in medicine - 6/10. for some reason it doesn't gel with me<br />WITTWLOA - 7/10 sweet and weird. I like.
6303303463|5.0|This was an amazing performance by Queen, and sadly the bands last. It starts out with One Vision, and includes some of my favorite Queen hits of all time such as the rock opera masterpiece In The Lap Of The Gods, Seven Seas Of Rhye, Bohemian Rhapsody, and Now I'm Here. They also do a smashing rendition of Crazy Little Thing Called Love, Radio Gaga, Under Pressure and I Want To Break Free, and Is This The World We Created, among others, but I agree with previous reviewers that while Queen's 80's music was great , it was their 70's music that really put them among the best musicians ever.<br />Freddie Mercury was a superb performer, and has lost none of his charisma, looking every bit the Persian Prince in this concert. With tragic irony he addresses in this concert rumors that Queen was about to split up, by saying `We will stay together until we *******well die', before launching into `Who Wants to Live Forever'. It seems he knew then about the fatal illness that would remove him from this earth five years later. In a sense this concert was his curtain call.<br />My only complaint about this video was the time wasted on Impromptu, which was really just playing silly buggers, the time spent on that could really have been used to fit in another two legendary Queen songs. Also I wish the band had actually sung Brighton Rock, instead of making it just a guitar instrumental. I know Brian May is one of the best guitarists ever, but Brighton Rock is actually one of my favorite songs, and that's what I wanted to hear , not just the background guitar music to the song.<br />Nonetheless it was a fantastic concert, by one of the best bands ever.
B000089RVX|5.0|EVANESCENCE IS ONE OF THE BEST BANDS OUT THERE THEIR SONG BRING ME TO LIFE IT ROCKS AND THEIR SONG GOING UNDER IT ROCKS THEIR SONG MY EMOTAL IT ROCKS
B0000541VQ|5.0|Keeping it simple... if you've ever seen the recent Cruel Intentions, its almost exactly like that.  Only this is the REAL version.  It's a whole lot better since it's sent back in the 1800's... i think.  But it is REALLY good and I recommed it to anyone above the age of thirteen cause it'd be a bit inappropriate, but it is REALLY REALLY good and i can't seem to stress that enough.
0385504209|1.0|This book was highly recommended to me and I couldn't wait to read it.  I could barely make it through.  While the symbology and art aspects are interesting, it was very poorly written.  Lousy character development.  The plot started out good, but completely fell apart.  I suspect that people who love to hate the Catholic Church and the Vatican are the ones enjoying this book.  I'm amazed it's so popular.
B000002J03|5.0|Eaisly the best album by Led Zeppelin, this amazing set of songs is mindblowing.<br />The best track on the album is their top 5 hit \\"Whole Lotta Love\\". It's got great guitar riffs and a very nice drum part. Other highlights include \\"What is and Never Should Be\\" (excellent lyrics), \\"The Lemon Song\\" (great guitar and bass line), \\"Living, Loving Maid (She's Just a Women)\\" (very catchy. You'll be humming it on your way to work), \\"Moby Dick\\" (the famous 5 mineut drum solo) and the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" influenced \\"Ramble On\\".<br />Best album from the greatest rock band. Don't miss it.
B0000DJZ9T|3.0|The low end is very weak for some reason. I turned the low frequencies up on my system and subwoofer and it still sounded so weak. Bad sound engineering. Where's the beef??? If I was the bass player I'd be pissed!<br />The live performance also exposes a weakness. These guys are only average musicians. Their recordings are way polished and they being below average musicians can't keep up live. A shame really, but they're still good songwriters. Although their lyrics are for crap.<br />Look at earth from outer space<BR>Everyone must find a place<BR>Give me time and give me space<BR>Give me real, don't give me fake<BR> <BR>Please! &quot;don't give me fake&quot;? Is that the best you could think of? I'm still a fan though. Best band today.
B00008PW2D|5.0|Okay. We get it. The fifth season was short, but it was GREAT too. Even at this price it's so worth it to be able to pop in the DVD anytime you want and watch these hilarious girls take New York by storm. Just thinking of some of the highlights of the fifth season, I bust out laughing- from Miranda's belly button fiasco, to finally meeting Steve's &quot;mah&quot;, having Molly Shannon and Amy Sedaris guest as Carrie's book publishers. This season also had great epsodes, like the introduction of Harry, Charlotte's divorce laywer and the best season finale ever, &quot;I Love a Charade.&quot; Season five may have been short on episodes, but it was long on laughs, and really if Carrie can drop $400 on a pair of Manolo Blahniks, I think you can spend $40 on this....so stop complaining and just buy it already, you won't be dissapointed!! :)
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I've been into DT since images and words. Unfortunately this record is not what I I've been waiting for, if I wanted to lission to metallica I would have bought it.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Brilliant.  There are loud, bombastic epics...and then there are loud, bombastic epics.  This album is loud, lush, fast, bombastic, in-your-face, intelligent, melodic shred metal.<br />First off, these guitar players (Andre Olbrich &amp; Marcus Siepen) know a thing or two about the strings.  Holy man, not only are their riffs absolutely blistering hot, their screaming sound-effects during choruses are amazing.  Second off, somebody listen to this drummer, Thomas Stauch.  The guy plays like a jazz man, setting up huge hits for the whole band, keeping time, and emphasizing every single important moment.  And he can just lay back too...that is, when he's not slamming the skins &amp; cymbals at intense speeds and volumes.<br />Ok, the vocalist.  Hansi Kursch.  This guy can absolutely W A I L.  Easily one of the most powerful and distinct voices in all of metal (and all of music), he soars over the top of the band on every single track.  Speaking of soaring vocals, the choirs employed by Blind Guardian help add that Medieval tinge that is so abundant on this record...which adds to the Tolkien theme.  They flesh out the sound and soar over the band during the trademark choruses.  Absolutely chilling.<br />Basically, every track on this album is packed w/energy, shredding riffs, pounding drums, and screaming voices.  The concept is not lost on the listener, even if one has never read Tolkien's Silmarillion, the story upon which this album is based.  To explain each track is a waste, as each one has memorable moments and brilliant music.  Believe you me...<br />I've covered it all, yet in a way I haven't covered anything at all.  I went back and forth over 4 or 5 stars. I asked if this measures in intensity and passion and musical awesomeness to other true 5 star discs.  It does.  Without a doubt.  It is a wicked metal release, an album I believe to be a classic.  Killer track after killer track, it just slays.  Blind Guardian is a force to be reckoned with.  Go ahead, buy this album, and venture &quot;Into the Storm&quot;.this album, and venture &quot;Into the Storm&quot;.
B000089RVX|4.0|Ok, they are a great band and they're album is great but there are some bad points about it:<BR>- I hate the opera style background vocals in some songs...ruins the song completely sounding like some dark, classic music or something<BR>- Most of their songs use similar guitar chords and that makes many of their songs sound similar<br />However, the songs overall are great and I don't think there is a single song which I hated...I'm not disappointed buying the album but I thought it could have been better...
B00008H2LB|4.0|Everyone has their own opinions and to be honest I think Meteora was a great album...But not the best album. Meteora's key points are that some songs are great and the others are not. For example, Faint and Lying From You are very good songs but songs like Breaking The Habit and Easier to run are just about tolerable...it's an unfortunate turn out that Linkin Park couldn't release an album as good as Hybrid Theory, which I loved, but after watching &quot;the making of Meteora&quot; I realised that it wasn't the best time for Linkin Park to release their album, just finishing up the concerts stuff and all...But I still love the album and I don't regret buying it at all...It's just that it's kinda disappointing
B00004Z459|5.0|Ok...I don't think there is any flaws in this album at all. All songs are pretty much flawless (maybe apart from &quot;Cure For The Itch&quot; but atleast the song was interesting and had a funny beginning :P)<BR>I didn't get sick of any songs and are worth hearing over and over again...This album is one of my all time favourites and perhaps the best rock album ever made!
B00005JMTN|5.0|Big Fish is a beautiful human story that mixes fantasy with reality. In classic Tim Burton fashion, it is beautifully filmed and includes Burton's signature imagination seeping in. Big Fish awakens the child within you and causes you to think about your own life. I would highly recommend this film.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Get the DVD.  Open the DVD.  Watch the DVD.  Done.<br />In all seriousness, this is perhaps the greatest trilogy ever produced.  This story takes you deep into the depths of the Corleone family.  The cast is an all-star affair with Pacino, Brando, Deniro, Duvall, etc.  A must see for all lovers of fine cinema!
0312263120|2.0|If you haven't guessed the twists, intrigue and punchline in the first 50 pages you need to get out more.  Seriously, this is a book you throw in the corner after you finish and look for a way to make up for lost time.<br />2 stars for the effort to create a Clancy-ish thriller, lots of effort.  Unfortunately, you could toss out half the book and loose little of any meaningful story line or entertainment. <br />The subject matter, (NSA, Crypto, Mega Computers), is interesting enough and has a few geeky delights.  However, it seems like a short story / eZine article blown into a book by adding pure filler = and as a result it's a yawner. <br />Not worth the money.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney really has surpassed all expectations with this album! If you want good pop tunes you won't get bored with - then you better 'Get In The Zone'!<br />Britney's popularity over the past 2 years has been steadily falling but this album is sure to win back all of her old fans. Why? because it's a real gem of an album!<br />The standouts are increasingly difficult to choose with each listen. Tracks that should immediately take your attention are 'I Got That (Boom Boom)' a more urban type tune with a fantastic beat, 'Showdown' is also an amazing song with a bassline so good you won't stop humming it!<br />If you like Rachel Stevens' 'Sweet Dreams (My L.A Ex)' then you are BOUND to be in love with 'Toxic' a fantastic stringy bassline with a fantastic beat DEFINATELY the highlight for myself.<br />'Brave New Girl' is a modern electro pop dance number. It's just great.<br />If you want one of 2003's essential pop albums then look no further than 'In The Zone'. Get it. Now.
B00008PX8P|5.0|I grew up with Led Zep, had a few albums, and always liked them, but never looooved them.  This dvd, I LOOOOOOOVE.  My favorites are the acoustical set with &quot;That's The Way&quot;, one of the most beautiful songs ever.  I tried not to expect too much after the much hyped reviews I read, but the hype is real.  If you are any kind of rock fan, this is required viewing.  Sublime.
B000089RVX|4.0|Evanescence came out of nowhere and are one of 2003's biggest success stories. Their debut single went straight in at #1 for 4 weeks and also sent this album up to that top summit!<br />'Fallen' is a very good debut. Many might suspect it to be heavy and nu-metally throughout due to the singles 'Bring Me To Life' and 'Going Under', but new single 'My Immortal' has assured people Evanescence can do haunting, atmospheric ballads just as good.<br />On some of the heavier tracks you may be forgiven for thinking that the guitar riff is the same in every song but it's still a very enjoyable outing.<br />Recommended! Also if you enjoy this album then check out Lacuna Coil's 'Comalies' album, it is just as good if not better!
0385504209|4.0|I've just finished The Da Vinci Code and I must say that it was one of the most amazing books I've read in a long time.  It is an intelligent thriller that I just could not put down.  It opened my eyes up to a great deal of history of which I had not been aware AND kept me gripped by the plot as well.  I am not in the States so I dont know all the hype that had surrounded this book (which I've only learned about from reading other reviews on here).  I find it interesting that the reviewers on here appear to either love this book or not think it was worth their time. I wonder how much of that has to do with one's already existing beliefs?  I am not here to say whether anyone is right or wrong. I just hope that this book is read as I think it has a lot to say.  It is a work of FICTION based on historical facts and theories yet some appear to take issue with the fact that everything that can be is not absolutely historically accurate.  Many movies are based on a single fact with 1 1/2 hours of events and dialogue created and there seems to be fewer problems with those that with this book.  This book was recommended to me by a dear friend who was excited about it and expressed that excitement to me and I am very glad that she did. The plot was unique and did move quickly, totally capitivating me.  The use of 1-4 page chapters did not distract and it isn't the only book to ever use this technique so I dont know why people had a problem with it. It was just a different way of doing things.  I dont dispute the fact that there were flaws, but I've read very few books that havent had flaws.  I just wonder what was expected from this book and whether anyone could have fulfiled the expectations.  For me, it was an eyeopener, one that has answered some questions for me and has lead to others that I will now pursue in answering for myself.  I think that the beauty of this book is that it is a fascinating read, a really good thriller that takes you away and immerses you in other lands successfully and makes you turn your brain on and leaves it on even when the last page is turned.  Ultimately it is Dan Brown's theory so I think it best to remember that. You dont have to agree and many don't. But for me, it all makes a lot of sense.  Another issue that people had problems with were the codes. Some say that they were childllike riddles, some say they couldn't believe that they could be solved &quot;on the run&quot;. Well taking the second issue first, I would just say that these were scholars who had spent years dealing with these issues, accompanied by a woman who had been schooled in code breaker practically here whole life. There was also a lot to gain and lose by breaking the codes so I'm not surprised that they were able to do it.  I also couldn't say that the riddles were childlike - only that it kept me captivated.lands successfully and makes you turn your brain on and leaves it on even when the last page is turned.  Ultimately it is Dan Brown's theory so I think it best to remember that. You dont have to agree and many don't. But for me, it all makes a lot of sense.  Another issue that people had problems with were the codes. Some say that they were childllike riddles, some say they couldn't believe that they could be solved &quot;on the run&quot;. Well taking the second issue first, I would just say that these were scholars who had spent years dealing with these issues, accompanied by a woman who had been schooled in code breaker practically here whole life. There was also a lot to gain and lose by breaking the codes so I'm not surprised that they were able to do it.  I also couldn't say that the riddles were childlike - only that it kept me captivated.
B000003TA4|5.0|This album is often criticised for being caught up in the whole `look at me, I'm a so called troubled teenager full of angst' scene.<br />You may or may not relate to the angst-ridden lyrics but there's still no denying over a decade later, `Nevermind' remains a masterpiece in the grunge genre alongside Sound garden's `Bad Motor Finger' and Pearl Jam's `Ten'.<br />The album is opened with the song that remains a firm favourite of everyone, `Smells Like Teen Spirit', still on heavy rotation on all the music channels, this song is easily one of the most classic of all time, simple guitar riffs, a smooth bassline, tortured vocals and an anthemic chorus, this is one of the many highlights of this fantastic album.<br />Other tracks bound to take your attention include `Come As You Are', this is most definitely one of my all time favourite songs - the haunting bassline and the lyrical message is just perfect.<br />`Lithium' is another firm favourite of mine along with `Polly' and the pounding `Territorial Pissings' - check out those vocals at the end of the track! Pretty scary if you ask me.<br />No matter what anyone may say, `Nevermind' is definitely one of the greatest rock albums ever made and if you like good, listenable rock music - go ahead and add it to that missing gap in your cd collection - because listen to this with an open mind and whether you are 16 - like myself - or in your mid 40's, you will most probably enjoy this album.
0316666343|2.0|I finished this book just because I wanted to see how it ended, not because I was captivated by the story. When I read that blurb on the book I wanted to read it as it seemed to be a very unique plotline, and it was. But for me that is pretty much where the interest ended.  I don't know what the book was trying to SAY to me.  Although Susie was the central character, we really didnt learn much about her other than the murder and her young crush.  Another reviewer on here had the problem with the fact that everything tied up nicely, I would have to agree. To me the story was very &quot;Hollywood&quot; - nice happy ending which was strange considering the premise of the book!  Would not recommend it.
B00005JLR6|4.0|The film opens with the narration by Christy (Sarah Bolger), talking of her family's desire to start over in America. Her father, Johnny (Paddy Considine) is an aspiring actor hoping to find his fortune on stage in New York. He and his wife Sarah (Samantha Morton) are also hoping to somehow start a new life together with their daughters Christy and Ariel (Emma Bolger) as they continue to mourn for their son, Frankie.<br />Another important member of the cast is Christy's camcorder, which is almost like a character in of itself. Sarah is the quiet, yet strong center of this Irish family illegally entering the country in pursuit of the American dream, quietly filming documenting the important landmarks and achievements in her family's life.<br />As the family drives from Canada into New York. As they exit the Lincoln tunnel, Johnny is scanning the radio stations and a disc jockey announces that they have the latest hits from the 70s, 80s and 90s... so the film opens up with the assumption that the timeline is current. When they view the New York skyline, the twin towers are conspicuously absent and Christy is using a small digital camcorder.<br />The family sells their rattle-trap of a car to move into a druggie-infested tenement of an apartment house. They are on the  5th floor of a building with no working elevator, and as summer approaches, it is oppressively hot.<br />The family works together to liven up their dank apartment and Johnny starts rehearsing for his auditions.  Sarah's sweet smile and overt love for her husband do not reveal the turmoil underneath - a man who has not yet accepted the death of his son and is almost bereft of emotions beyond a kind smile and a nod as he refuses to grieve - as though the refusal would somehow keep Frankie from dying.<br />An angry, lonely African artist lives below them - and he comes out of his shell when he meets Christy and Ariel as they go trick or treating.  While he appears to be healthy, a refrigerator full of medicine reveals otherwise. While it is never specifically stated, it is obvious that Mateo (Djimon Hounsou) is suffering from AIDS... but the parents seem oblivious. As the story continues, the viewer starts thinking, &quot;hmmm... maybe this film is taking place in the early 80s?&quot;  Sure enough, the parents take their kids to the movies to escape the heat of their apartment to watch &quot;E.T. The Extra Terrestrial.&quot; &quot;E.T.&quot; came out in 1982 - just months before AIDS was even given a name.  Then there are the posters in Times Square, showing young T.V. and film stars of today that were not even alive in 1982... and then there's that pesky digital camcorder which didn't exist back then, either.<br />Personal camcorders were an expensive luxury in 1982 and they were almost as big as Ariel. Christy's whole camcorder is smaller than a VHS tape, which was the only medium for personal use at that time. It would have made much more sense for the girls to have an old beat-up Super 8mm film camera than an apparatus from the future.<br />For those too young to remember, AIDS was to the 1980s what Polio was in the 1940s and 50s. It terrified people. No one really knew how you got it. People were shunned, some were fired and some were attacked. People didn't want to be in the same room with people that AIDS because no one was 100% sure how it was spread and people who had it lived very short lives after their diagnosis.  Despite the fear and panic of the rest of civilization, Johnny and Sarah welcome Mateo to their apartment and adopt him into their family. He teaches Christy to paint and helps her to decorate her room and becomes a type of faux older brother for Ariel, who still grieves deeply for Frankie.<br />Although she was told she would never again to be able to bear children, Sarah again becomes pregnant - with complications.  Her new daughter will only survive with a blood transfusion from Christy, who proves once again that she is the family's backbone.  As the almost lifeless baby begins to open her eyes, we see Mateo closing his eyes for the last time in a Hospice - as though his spirit is somehow helping the new child to breathe... and with the birth of their new child in America, the first signs of true emotion come back to Johnny.<br />The film has beautiful moments and the astounding acting of true-life sisters Sarah &amp; Emma Bolger will blow you away. The film is superbly acted by all and only those with a heart of granite will not have a lump in their throats during some scenes.<br />This notwithstanding, the plot has holes-a-plenty. Not only do we have the time-traveling camcorder from the future, the whole film has almost too much sentimentality to it. It's as if every scene is a glimpse of life to be cherished, much like the moments captured on a movie camera (futuristic or otherwise). The film's intention is to be sentimental, but it goes a little to far to the point of making the whole story improbable.<br />For the acting alone, this is a film worthwhile seeing, but unlike some of its rave reviews, I do not concur that this is the best film of the year - although the emotional roller-coaster ride can make you feel as though you are intimately connected with its characters.e.  As the almost lifeless baby begins to open her eyes, we see Mateo closing his eyes for the last time in a Hospice - as though his spirit is somehow helping the new child to breathe... and with the birth of their new child in America, the first signs of true emotion come back to Johnny.<br />The film has beautiful moments and the astounding acting of true-life sisters Sarah &amp; Emma Bolger will blow you away. The film is superbly acted by all and only those with a heart of granite will not have a lump in their throats during some scenes.<br />This notwithstanding, the plot has holes-a-plenty. Not only do we have the time-traveling camcorder from the future, the whole film has almost too much sentimentality to it. It's as if every scene is a glimpse of life to be cherished, much like the moments captured on a movie camera (futuristic or otherwise). The film's intention is to be sentimental, but it goes a little to far to the point of making the whole story improbable. <br />For the acting alone, this is a film worthwhile seeing, but unlike some of its rave reviews, I do not concur that this is the best film of the year - although the emotional roller-coaster ride can make you feel as though you are intimately connected with its characters.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|All my life I have struggled with peace inside. I have always been enthralled by buddhism and the far east. bouncing from a catholic christian background, to agnostic, to Hare Krishna, to struggling between beliefs in Islam and Pure Land Buddhism. <BR>I saw The Last Samurai, and I could honestly feel the pain and inner torment of Nathan Algren(Tom Cruise) experienced. I lost myself in the movie as well as the soundtrack. The two go together and give the listener a whirlwind journey.<BR>The beginning of &quot;taken&quot; has TAKEN my breath away, Im a pretty emotional and sensitive person and my heart melted hearing this soundtrack, especially the beginning of &quot;Taken&quot;, i cried and cried. This soundtrack is a part of me, just like the movie, and through both I believed it has opened the gate to my heart and mind and has allowed me to clearout alot of the confusion i have felt all my life and has shown me Zen Buddhism to quite possibly be the way of life for me. Thank you Mr. Zimmer for such a tragic, openly honest and emotional soundtrack. I have never had something effect me so hard so quickly.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|Ok as the title of my review states I am not a country music fan but this album is the best I have heard in years.  So much sorrow and pain in this music, it will make you think deeply about your life and the life afterward.  This is a powerful album not for the typical country music listener.  I would not buy this album for my parents but would from anyone who likes Pearl Jam or U2.  <br />Perry
B00006LWSF|5.0|This is a sick soundtrack.One of the best of the year.Most of the songs are bumpin.I would strongly recommend buyin this.<BR>1.Lose Yourself-a kik azz single. 5/5<BR>2.Love Me-good song with eminem,50 cent,&amp; obie trice.sick. 5/5<BR>3.8 Mile-a long eminem song.g unit has a remix of this. 5/5<BR>4.Adrenaline Rush-good song by obie trice. 5/5<BR>5.Places To Go-One of my fav. on this cd.awsome.5/5<BR>6.Rap Game-another fav. song of mine. 5/5<BR>7.8 Miles And Runnin-every soundtrack could use a jay-z song.freeway drops on here too. 5/5<BR>8.Spit Shine-one of my fav. xzibit song.great beat. 5/5<BR>9.Time OF My Life-a macy gray song.i hate it. 1/5<BR>10.U Wanna Be Me-nas attackin jay-z.good song. 4/5<BR>11.Wanksta-second single by 50 cent.nice. 5/5<BR>12.Wasting My Time-i hate this song. 0/5<BR>13.R.A.K.I.M.-i havnt listened to much rakim,and this song makes me love him. 5/5<BR>14.Thats My Ni!!a Fo Real-this songs ok. 3/5<BR>15.Battle-ive always love gangstarr and this track jus adds to their talent. 5/5<BR>16.Rabbit Run-good song with no hook by eminem. 5/5<BR>TOP 5=Rap Game,R.A.K.I.M.,Lose Yourself,8 Miles And Runnin,Spit Shine
0385504209|4.0|This book is a must read for anyone that reads the Bible or whatever inspirational book your reading. It made me want to research even more about the historical Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene. Its a great book that keep you guessing until the end. Great book!!
B00009L1TA|3.0|\\"Basic\\" is a relatively entertaining mystery movie that delights in pulling the rug out from under its audience at regular intervals.  This is one of those military thrillers in which a sadistic, hotheaded sergeant (Samuel L. Jackson), who is uniformly despised by the men in his squadron, dies under mysterious circumstances while leading a basic training exercise in Panama.  A DEA officer (John Travolta), whose own moral code seems to be in question what with rumors of drug dealings lurking in his background, is called in to investigate.<br />For long stretches of its running time, \\"Basic\\" feels like a puzzle in search of a key to its solution.  The attempt at a \\"Roshomon\\"-like flashback structure - in which the same event is viewed through the conflicting testimonies of multiple eyewitnesses - often leads to more confusion than clarity, resulting in the audience scratching its head wondering just what is actually going on here.  One of the primary reasons for this air of incomprehensibility is the fact that the filmmakers don't do a sufficient job differentiating the minor characters from one another so that we can't always understand who is doing what to whom and why any of what we are seeing on screen really matters. However, the trick turnabout ending goes a long way towards clearing things up - or making them even more confusing, depending on how you look at it.  For that's just the kind of film \\"Basic\\" is; it exists entirely to deceive and trick the audience and make us thank it for the privilege of being bamboozled - and that it does reasonably well.  Actually, the key to enjoying a film like \\"Basic\\" is to go with the flow and not worry overmuch if every plot detail makes perfect sense when seen in the grand scheme of things.<br />\\"Basic\\" is noteworthy mainly for the terrific, slightly over-the-top performance of Travolta, who seems to be having the time of his movie acting life playing this highly charismatic, no-nonsense, slightly seedy rogue investigator.  Travolta commands the screen in a way that few members of his acting generation are able to do these days.  He alone is reason enough to check out \\"Basic.\\"r.  Travolta commands the screen in a way that few members of his acting generation are able to do these days.  He alone is reason enough to check out \\"Basic.\\"
B00005TO7C|5.0|this version of her &quot;Britney&quot; album is a good one. my favorite song on it would have to be &quot;Before the Goodbye&quot;. BT did some of his best work on cowriting and producing the song. it is the best on the whole album.
0312319517|5.0|The novels of Frederick Forsyth incorporate real-life characters and events into thrilling plots that are ingenious yet plausible.<br />THE AVENGER is shorter in length than most of Forsyth's other books but no less well-constructed and suspenseful. Cal Dexter, the avenger of the title, is a skilled manhunter who learned his craft from a variety of military experiences, not the least of which was his tours of duty in Viet Nam as a tunnel rat.<br />In 2001 Dexter is hired by a self made billionaire to avenge the horrific murder of his grandson, killed while working to feed the brutalized masses left homeless during Slobadan Milosevic's genocide in the province of Bosnia. As the story unfolds the reader begins to realize that avenging the murder has greater implications than satisfying the sorrow of loss the grandson's death has created.<br />As in many of Forsyth's stories, the success of an endeavor has many hidden elements and depends upon many unrevealed relationships. Forsyth doesn't leave the reader disappointed in THE AVENGER. He is like a magician who tells how the trick is done after fooling the audience. After leading the reader down a path of vivid characterization, realistic dialogue and clever action he ties all the loose ends together in a very satisfying climax. He also leaves the reader with thoughts to ponder as you reflect back upon that time in our history. THE AVENGER is a very entertaining, thought provoking thriller that fulfills the high expectations for a Forsyth work of fiction.
B000062YB1|5.0|Awesome CD! Every song gets 5 stars. It is as catchy as &quot;Reign In Blood&quot; and as heavy as &quot;Divine Intervention.&quot; If you like Slayer at all, this is the album to buy. Full of Kerry King brand of screaming lead guitar and extremely cool riffs. Fave songs are &quot;War Ensemble&quot;, &quot;Skeletons Of Society&quot;, and the awesome title track. Although all songs are excellent, these are the top 3. This is NOT a &quot;one song wonder&quot; cd like so many other cds.
B0000CABBW|4.0|A magnificant little odyssey that will warm the heart with genuine sentiment and delight the senses with gorgeous New Zealand oceanic scenes. Thankfully, this 'feel-good-movie' accomplishes just that through a compelling simple story, wonderful performances, and a high regard for the indigenuous peoples of New Zealand. Keisha Castle-Hughes is brilliant as the young girl, even a tear-jerking speech in an emotion packed scene is delivered with great deft and restraint and she has a beautiful singing voice, bringing much clarity and exposure to indigenuous tribal songs. So real was the traumatic beached whales scene that I was scrambling through the end credits to insure no actual whales were harmed, and of course it was all a brilliant special effect. For fans of this film, the DVD offers a &quot;Making of Whale Rider&quot; documentary in which cast and crew deservedly talk about the wonder of this beautiful film.
B0000028RR|5.0|In 1992, when the members of the now-defunct Rage Against The Machine(RATM) released their self-titled debut, I doubt they intended to release such a classic album. But, they did. They mixed a myriad of influences from Cypress Hill, to Led Zeppelin, to the MC5, all into a proverbial melting pot. When they were finished, a hybrid of punk energy, metal intensity, hip-hop delivery, and all-out aggression was committed to disc. That in itself is a rare find in today's music world, but RATM took it to the next level.<br />The mixing of heavy metal and hip-hop was not new in 1992. Aerosmith and Run-DMC had collaborated on a remake of \\"Walk This Way\\" back in 1986, and Public Enemy had joined forces with thrash-metallers Anthrax in 1990 for \\"Bring Da Noize.\\" Other bands, such as New York City's premier hardcore outfit Biohazard, and funk-metal's pioneers Faith No More, had already begun flirting with hip-hop styles and vocals. And rappers such as Run-DMC, The Beastie Boys, and Ice-T were using hard rock backgrounds as beats. The two worlds of music had been slowly merging during the 80's/90's crossover. By `92, the idea was still fresh and innovative, yielding new possibilities. All it needed was a torchbearer. And this is where Rage Against The Machine succeeded as an album. <br />RATM's debut wasn't as much original as it was influential. Their contribution to the building of a genre was in their delivery. Never before had it been as seamless or as representative of both styles equivocally. Leading man Zach De La Rocha had spitfire rhymes with the polemic fury of Chuck D(Public Enemy) and the nasal whine of B-Real(Cypress Hill). Guitarist Tom Morello seemed to channel the gargantuan riffing style of Jimmy Page, and mixed in his dozens of effect pedals to create new and interesting sounds never heard from a guitar before. Bassist Tim Commerford and drummer Brad Wilk finished the line-up with one of the all-time greatest, rock-hard, rock-solid rhythm sections in rock history.<br />Not only did they burst the floodgates wide open for rap-metal acts to eventually saturate the hard rock scene, they did it in a way that could never be replicated. They mixed dope rhymes with hard guitars, and introduced new musical textures through weird guitar sounds, creative solos, slap bass, ethnic percussion, turntable noises, and political commentary. That was the icing on the cake. The politics. Few bands, or people in general, have been able to voice an opinion with as much zeal as RATM. Each song on the debut, and future releases as well, contains a kaleidoscope of references to nearly every flaw in American government. The band railed and rallied against injustices in every aspect of the spectrum through lyrics such as, <br />\\"Just a victim of the in-house drive-by/They say `jump,' you say `how high?'\\" (Bullet In The Head)<br />\\"You know they went after King/When he spoke out on Vietnam/He turned the power to the have-nots/And then came the shot,\\" (Wake Up)<br />\\"Brother, did you forget yo' name?/Did ya lose it on the wall/Playin' tic-tac-toe?/Yo, check the diagonal/Three brothers gone/Come on/Doesn't that make it three in a row?\\" (Freedom)<br />These powerful words garnered suspicion about the band. People began to fear that the band was decidedly anti-American and some even criticized them for opposing mainstream media, and yet being singed to Sony, a mass-market, mainstream, multimedia record label. Like all political figures, the band underwent scrutiny from their share of detractors, simultaneously encouraging fans of their music to take a deeper look at the world around them. <br />The opener \\"Bombtrack\\" is a shining example of what the album has to offer. A powerful bass/drums intro coupled with a high-octane Zeppelin-esque riff, followed by rapped verses, a catchy chorus of powerful words, and then a beautiful solo followed by a stately closure. Immense diversity is present throughout the album, with funky bass appearing on \\"Take The Power Back,\\" a melodic guest appearance by the lead singer of Tool on \\"Know Your Enemy,\\" insane cowbell/woodblock work on \\"Township Rebellion,\\" and the template of an epic closer being shown in \\"Freedom.\\" The clever and powerful lyrics noodle around within the songs, with particularly vitriolic words leaping out at the listener every so often.<br />RATM truly constructed a top-notch listen with Rage Against The Machine, and the compelling cover of a monk burning himself in protest is a fearsome and respectable addition to any music collection, be it hip-hop, metal, or that of a casual listener. Although the band's subsequent releases did not match up to this, and the band is no more(the members splitting to pursue other musical projects), the music remains. Fans of the blockbuster movie The Matrix might even recognize one of the tracks from this album, \\"Wake Up,\\" as the closing music while Neo flies into the sky. A fitting closure to a movie describing exactly what the band tried to do in their relatively short career. They attempted to make the world around them wake up. And their debut album certainly did just that.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Too many studios are taking short cuts and not giving the fans what they really want-- extra features.  This disc is packed with hours of commentary and making-of featurettes.  Any fan of the series owes it to himself/herself to check it out!
B000006TRV|5.0|This is where Waters' &quot;solo&quot; Pink Floyd begins.  It's still great.  In my opinion, the best way to rate an album is by each song, which is tough to do with The Wall and most other Floyd albums.  For me, it is very tough to get a 10 for a song, so don't think an 8 or 9 is moderate, or bad, by any means.<br />In the Flesh? -- A great opener, with solid lyrics and music (8/10)<BR>The Thin Ice -- A change of pace from the intro, but all for the better (7/10)<BR>Another Brick in the Wall Part I -- This is NOT the one with &quot;We don't need no education&quot; but is sets it up.  Very solid (8/10)<BR>The Happiest days of our lives -- A great transition from ABITW, and great guitar.  But, too short (8/10)<BR>Another Brick in the Wall Part II -- Great stuuf.  Awesome guitar solo (9/10)<BR>Mother -- Another change of pace, but stilll very powerful (8/10)<BR>Goodbye Blue Sky -- Haunting, and by far the best part of the movie.  Again, it is too short (8/10)<BR>Empty Spaces -- David Gilmour gets to sing!  It is more of a setup track (6/10)<BR>Young Lust -- Another radio staple from The Wall (9/10)<BR>One of my Turns -- Very ncie throughout (7/10)<BR>Don't Leave Me Now -- The most powerful lyrics since &quot;Time&quot; in Dark Side of the Moon (8/10)<BR>Another Brick in The Wall Part III -- astounding, but not quite the power of its two predecessors (7/10)<BR>Goodbye Cruel World -- Pretty good outro (6/10)<br />Hey You -- My favorite song from The Wall.  Another great radio staple (10/10)<BR>Is There Anybody Out There -- Sweet guitar, but very short (7/10)<BR>Nobody Home -- More images from the movie flash as I hear this (7/10)<BR>Vera -- Short and sweet (7/10)<BR>Bring the Boys back Home -- Good song, and it recurs the theme of &quot;Is there anybody out there?&quot;<BR>(8/10)<BR>Comfortably Numb -- The song The Wall is famous for.  Great stuff.  Probably the best song ever written (it beats Stairway, without a doubt) (11/10)<BR>In the Flesh -- More recurring themes...(8/10)<BR>Run Like Hell -- Great keyboard and guitar work here.  A rock staple, no doubt (9/10)<BR>Waiting for the Worms -- More power to The Wall (8/10)<BR>Stop -- too short, not enough time to grasp it.  (I think Waters as going for that) (4/10)<BR>The Trial -- Not much of a song, but more of a dialouge.  Still, veru solid, lyrically (7/10)<BR>Outside the Wall -- An even better outro.  Listen to the end of it.  the music from the 1st track (In the Flesh) is playing... (7/10)<br />Overall, The Wall is a very solid album.  But, it can be better enchanced by the movie Pink Floyd Floyd The Wall.  Also, I reccomend &quot;Is there Anybody Out There?&quot;<br />1 out of 3 American households own it, and you should too!
B00008PW2D|2.0|I absolutely love \\"Sex and the City\\", but 8 mediocre episodes for over $30 is a crime.  I admit that i was very excited to watch season 5 as I had been watching all of the episodes on DVD only. However, the fact that season 5 is only 8 episodes, still costs $32, and just didn't have the same freshness and unique feel as the first four seasons was a major disappointment.  Something is just missing all around here.  If you are worried about missing something, rent it, otherwise, wait for season 6.
B0000000LI|5.0|This is a breathtakingly good album. It features many of Yanni's most loved compositions perfomed in the dramatic live setting of the Acropolis in his native Greece. <BR>What a treat listeners are in for with the wonderful Royal Philharmonic Orchestra accompanying Yanni, and giving his music a magical touch. They really do help showcase Yanni's fantastic material. The whole concert is masterfully conducted by Shardad Rohani.<BR>I love all the tracks, and the fact it is live, helps bring this album to life. I also recommend the Video/DVD that was made of this historic and extremely ambitious concert. <BR>If you can get the UK version of this album from Amazon.com's sister site, Amazon.co.uk, it contains the added bonus of Aria as the last track which is beautiully sung and is one of my favourite pieces.<BR>Written when, for me, Yanni was at his peak, this CD is excellent from start to finish and I give this album my highest recommendation.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|It's so sad how so many promising and daring cinematric enterprises end up going sour because the directors started catering to the so-called \\"mass audience.\\" This movie was the same as the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: the advertising promised both to be solid action movies with romance and philosophy thrown in (Matrix-style), but all you got with Underworld was great visuals (I love Selene's outfit, reminiscent of Trinity) and a pitiful amount of do-daring. If everyone had just stuck to the actual story here, maybe we would've ended up with something even Anne Rice could be proud of. The love story was actually very appealing, but, I guess ::too bad::
B00005JM9C|5.0|this movie was sooooooooooooooooo good especillay wit lil romeo he and zachary isaih williams wuz da best they r both soo damn fine so do be hatin on dem guyz!
0553296981|4.0|This book is actually the diary of Anne Frank, a young Jewish girl living during WWI. She writes about love, her emotions, and what it is like living her life in hiding from the nazis. Finding who her true friends are and who is really \\"there\\" for her she describes everything that goes on in her life. Moving from place to place to escape from Hitlers wrath her family ends up in Holland in an old building, behind a secret bookcase that leads to her \\"Secret Annex\\". She lives in the \\"Secret Annex\\" for over three long years with one other family, and an old man. Telling her adventures in her hiding place she makes the reader feel as if they were there beside her. She falls in love with one of the people hiding with her and lives there happily with him for a long time. She describes herself as a \\"little bundle on contradictions\\" and a bit on the \\"cheeky\\" side. I find her very loving and sweet but on the outside she tries to hide her true feelings from mostly everyone. This noisy and annoying girl is really a shy teenager who wishes to be left in peace and feels as if no one understands her. Finding that everyone is there for her in her time of need she tries to enjoy the world around her. Figuring out the true meaning of life, she lives a short, yet happy one during this long war and lives peacefully until she is almost 15.
B00008S2VG|2.0|This CD isn't really the best thing around. I mean it's okay but lets just say that it did flop. And it surely wasn't as good as all the rest of her CDs. Madonna is trying to sound British now, with the techno and everything, minus the rapping, I mean who goes from Italian, to Spanish, and now to British. Sometimes it doesn't effect her songs but there might be one or two songs that sound like songs from whatever country her husband or boyfriend came from. I can't really explain it, but anyway the CD is a dissapointment, bottom line.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|People, people, people! Can't you just SMELL the satire in this album?  You wonder where the Metallica, Tool, Linkin Park riffs come from, its all a big JOKE!  Portnoy said he wanted a classic metal album.. and they did that... but I think that they took a lot of &quot;classic metal&quot; and twisted it... Look at it this way... You have everything from LaBrie singing JUST like Maynard James Keenan in Honor Thy Father, just like that Chester guy in Honor Thy Father, JUST like Hetfield in As I Am, and This Dying Soul (Can you say Blackened, anyone?)... You have Petrucci playing every cliched Metallica riff in existence, Portnoy seems like he took a big dose of Ulrich, and of all things, Rudess plys a few Zakk Wylde riffs on his KEYS... its all a joke people... its so obvious... you have your &quot;My daddy hates me&quot; song (Honor Thy Father), &quot;I can't take anymore of your BS, I hate everyone&quot; songs, (As I Am, Endless Sacrifice), your &quot;God is stupid&quot; song (In the Name of God), the sappy &quot;My girlfriend hates me&quot; song (Vacant)... and thats pretty much the album... But still, its DT and its AWESOME!  I don't care what anyone onhere says, DT IS progressing... look at Petrucci's playing on this album... Listen to the solo for As I Am and tell me that these guys haven't progressed... The production quality has slumped a little... but I think that was the point...  Anyway, there are moments on this album where I see nothing but pure technical genius.. Listen to the end of This Dying Soul, or the Solo/duet on &quot;In the Name of God&quot;.. its mindblowing stuff... To you people who are unsure of this album, just buy the thing.  You'll like it.  It may take a second or two to get used to the new sound, but you'll like it.  I am a DT fan from I&amp;W, and of all of their albums, this seems most like &quot;The Mirror&quot; from Awake... thats kind of the approach they are taking here... But buy the album. Its great, and they really show off their pure skill on this album... Don't listen to these closed minded people who say this &quot;nu-metal&quot;.. They're idiots...  This stuff is just as technical as anything else DT has released.  BUY IT!
0375413405|5.0|There are two reasons to buy this book, along with its companion, Mastering the Art... Volume 2.<br />First, and most important, &quot;Mastering&quot; is an essential reference book on the French style of cooking.  Whatever you're trying to make -- from simple things like chicken stock or scalloped potatoes or coq au vin to something that would try the patience of Job -- it's probably here, and with detailed, step-by-step instructions.  Whether you follow the recipies literally or devise your own shortcuts, you'll know what's &quot;right&quot; and be able to make your own choices about what to do.<br />Secondly, it's a breakthrough book and a classic, capturing the state of French cooking and Americans' knowledge (or lack) at a particular point in time.  In addition to the step-by-step instructions, the recipies are full of offhand comments about who taught Julia what and on the nature and source of the ingredients.<br />There are two aspects of these books which make them not for everyone.  First, Julia brooks no shortcuts.  Even relatively simple dishes can take some time.  Second, the instructions are extremely detailed.  This can be a virtue, but it  can also be frustrating.  A recipie can run several pages.  This makes it a bit challenging to see the big picture of how the recipie is structured, or to find your place again once you've cleaned your knives and your hands (for the fourth time.)<br />That having been said, if you like to cook French and you have any interest in the classic recipies prepared the classic way, this book is indispensible.
B0000942HV|5.0|In the last 30 years, music has changed. Recording styles have been perfected, and electronic music has become more and more popular. So there I stood at my local CD store, with 4 CDs in front of me: Tubular Bells, Tubular Bells 2, Tubular Bells III, and Tubular Bells 2003. I had never heard Tubular Bells 2, III, or 2003, I was only familiar with the portion played in &quot;The Exorcist&quot;, which appears on the original Tubular Bells. And I sure am glad that I reached for the original Tubular Bells without hesitation due to the fact that it was $8 more than the other 3 CDs. But there is always something special about having the original. Tubular Bells 2003 is an excellent piece of music, don't get me wrong. But all it is is the original Tubular Bells, being performed 30 years later by the same composer, with John Cleese replacing the original &quot;Master of Ceremonies&quot;. Although the cover art is a little &quot;spiffed&quot; up, reach for the original next time you are standing at your local CD store, or your computer for that matter.<br />::Robert::Tanabi5790@aol.com::
B00009UW0N|5.0|OK, this isn't the first horror flick ever made, and it's obviously not going to be the last. I first saw this movie with my girlfriends almost 20 years ago - I was just talking about it with one of them a few days ago, and we still got the creeps. There are two scenes that terrified us then, and still scare us - the classroom scene where Laurie sees Michael standing across the street in his creepy white mask, watching her, and when she later glances out her bedroom window and sees him standing below in her yard amongst the laundry, looking up at her... no slicing/dicing or blood is involved, or needed... and the music makes it even creepier!!
B0000009RX|4.0|I really don't think that this is Zappa's artistic highpoint, arguably or otherwise. Its a good album, funny songs (although a bit more serious sounding than his later stuff) but the music lacks the energy and viruosity of a lot of his other albums (including Apostrophe, Sheikh Yerbouti, Joe's Garage,etc).<br />Don't get me wrong. If you are already an initiated Zappa fan, then you have to get this. I'm just saying that this is not a good place to start, unlike what many poeple would have you think.
0452282152|4.0|This book has been popular for years and after seeing the trailer for the upcoming movie, I decided I had to read this book. And I'm glad I did. The story is not a complicated one nor a lengthy one that drags on and on. Instead it is a story of one girl, Griet, who simply works at a maid at the Vermeer house in Delft, and turns the household upside down. <BR>The daughter of a now blind tilemaker, Griet is to work at the Vermeer's to take in money for the household. Every Sunday she may come home. But no one expects the damage that Griet will bring to the Vermeers. Because of her the house is divided. Because of her they are forced to constantly take care of her, A MAID, because of lust-hungry men. Because of her they have to put her before their more skilled maid and keep her secrets safe. And because of her Vermeer painted his most famous peice that entrances people today. <BR>The book, as a whole, was very good. All of the characters came to life. Even each of the many Vermeer children had their characteristics from the mischevious and cruel Cornelia to the more sympathetic and sweet Maertge. Catharina was the huffy wife, always pregnant and always in a bad mood when Griet was around. Maria Thins had two sides to her. At one time she too was cruel and unjust but after she is to keep the secret that Griet is helping Vermeer in his studio with his paintings and mixing his paints, she realizes Griet may be an asset to the household and turns into a more sweet woman. Outside of the Vermeer house there was Griet's family: her mother, father, sister and brother. Her sister was a likeable character, that is until she died of the plague. Her brother on the other hand just seemed like a whiny teenager, overworked and doing things he should not be doing with girls. And then there was Griet's suitor: Pieter (the son), who worked along his father, Pieter (the butcher). I didn't really like either of them. Pieter (the son) would never leave Griet alone and constantly tried totake control of her. He wouldn't let her go and wouldn't stop chasing her. And it wasn't just that but his attitude just wasn't nice at all. His father was similiar, trying to push Griet into marriage with his son. <BR>The story was very well-written. The descriptions of everything from the Meat Hall to even Griet's descriptions of mixing the paints all brought beauty to the story. The dialogue was good and nothing ever dragged on. <BR>But many stories have sad endings. I didn't expect the ending to turn out the way it did but in the last few pages I liked it afterall.<BR>I recommend this book for all. A delightful read.
0452285186|5.0|Well it is ever so slightly short, but it is wonderously funny, well in a twisted sort of way. Maybe not the best gift for someone who is suicidal though, some of the ideas are just great.
B000002KO1|5.0|This album stirs up so many emotions. Lust,love and hate and does so quite remarkably. Spent many early teenage angst filled years wearing this one out. I still keep it in my cd rotation, and probably always will. Every song on the album is great from the angry tattoed love boys, to the passionate sensitivity of Lovers of today. This one ranks in the greatest like Hole's Live through this.
B00005JMFR|1.0|OK, I normally don't like Keanu Reaves at all!  But, I gotta admit I liked the first Matrix movie!  Nice concept, well done, etc...  <br />Unlike the LOTR films, the Matrix just got worse as it went along.  Talk about believing your own hype!  And \\"Revolutions\\" was THE worst.<br />OK, if you saw the first 2 you'll probably see this one too, but I pity you.
B00005JLZN|4.0|Watched this one tonight for New Year's Eve and thought that this film was pretty good...in the beginning it does drag just a bit...but it quickly takes off with some twists and turns that you would not believe. <BR>A man is on death row for the murder of a woman, found dead on her living room floor, with her hands handcuff behind her back, a duct taped mouth and a plastic bag over her head that is duct taped around her throat. It is all signs of the perfect murder...but is it....watch this film and find out for yourself!!
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce did an excellent job on this cd! This is one of those CD's you can keep pumpin all the time. I love every track on this CD, and is perfect beyond words to be her first solo album. Will truely be considered one of the greatest voices. Congrats to all the DC3 girls!
B00003CWLF|4.0|I thought that this film was very beautiful in content...this film had some real substance to it, and the actors did an excellent job in the portrayal of the characters involved...lovely story.....
0894803123|5.0|I bought a Cuisinart ice cream maker toghether with this book over a year ago, and after reading all the rave reviews. This has been the best purchase I have ever made for my kitchen. I've made many of the recipes in this book, always with terrific results. The best thing is that they give you their base recipes, so once you have that, you can experiment with any flavor combination you dream of (nutmeg is particularily great!). Most recipes require only a few ingredients, most of which you probably have already, and the results are amazing. Also, all recipes can be easily halved, in case your ice cream maker is not as big as they suggest, or in case you just want a smaller batch.<br />All in all, this is a fantastic book, and it's worth every penny.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|One listen to the end of &quot;The Pass&quot;, when they all join Geddy in singing, &quot;Don't turn your back and slam the door on me&quot;..., letting the last note echo into the misty night, and I knew I'd love this set.  The crowd is no more intrusive than on &quot;Stages&quot; or the &quot;Show of Hands&quot; video (remember all those British fans singing along to all their favorites?  What's the difference?) Sonically they could have mixed it better, but it's really not bad, and I well acquainted with several professional musicians (jazz, rock) who agree with me.  The overall energy, of course, is incalculable!!!<br />Maybe I'm not as brilliant a perfectionist as I used to be.  Or perhaps I learned to appreciate things in hand more, and not get trapped in expectations so severely I lose sight of the joys that a gift like &quot;Rush in Rio&quot; can provide.  Whatever the case, I only take positives from this collection.  Put it this way: 30 years from now, if I'm still alive, I don't want to look back and regret that I pissed on &quot;Rush in Rio&quot; just because it wasn't perfect.  I'd rather be satisfied I had a blast listening to it, and get to wake up my cellmates in the nursing home with a cranked up version of &quot;Cygnus&quot;.  Be well, all.
B000002H97|5.0|this album is amazing, sure, the songs aren't as fast, but still very well written, the guitar work is still amazing and the riffs on this album will be played by millions for years and years to come. the song arrangements and lyrics are really good, sure, i'm tired of Enter Sandman, but lots of of other great songs are on here as well:<br />1: Enter Sandman 9/10  this one is legendary, but it's been played too much<BR>2: Sad But True 10/10 just as legendary as sandman, but with better lyrics<BR>3: Holier Than Thou 10/10  one of my favorites on here<BR>4: The Unforgiven 10/10  one of the best hammett solos ever, it has soo much feeling to it<BR>5: Wherever I May Roam 10/10 another great hammett solo<BR>6: Don't Tred On Me 9/10 no matter what anyone tells you, this is not just a filler, good lyrics and a great chorus<BR>7: Through The Never 8/10 this was one of the least liked songs, but the band played it live allot<BR>8: Nothing Else Matters 10/10  in my opinion, Metallica's last true, great ballad<BR>9: Of Wolf And Man 9/10  i'll never get tired of this one, very catchy<BR>10: The God That Failed 7/10  undeniable catchy opener, but the rest of the song lacks<BR>11: My Friend Of Misery 7/10 i think it's ok, but it's one of those songs that you can only like if your mind is preoccupied while listening to it<BR>12: Stuggle Within 11/10  my favorite track, amazing drumming, amazing guitar riffs, and great lyrics and singing, the perfect Metallica closer<br />well that's the album, i strongly suggest you get it, it's one of those metal album that will always be remembered
B0000AQS0F|4.0|&quot;Firefly&quot; the movie is in production for 2004, which is certainly good news for die hard fans of this late lamented television show, the brain child of creator Joss Whedon of &quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; fame.  The four-DVD set &quot;Firefly: The Complete Series,&quot; includes all 15 episodes of the series, which is set 500 years in the future and reminds those of a sense of television history that &quot;Star Trek&quot; was originally sold as &quot;Wagon Train&quot; to the stars, because the western elements of this series are as strong as the science fiction elements.<br />Since this is a Joss Whedon creation the obvious question is what sort of twists did he put into this one?  The most obvious is that this is a science fiction series without aliens.  Apparently there was nobody out there after all (or else they are hiding really well).  The other major twist is that in the future there were just two superpowers, the United States and China, which explains why the characters tend to curse in Chinese now and then.  I think if more people had known that there was a television show that was more explicit that &quot;South Park&quot; that would have meant high enough ratings for &quot;Firefly&quot; to survive.  Finally, you have to appreciate that if this is Western set in outer space it is one that existed after the Civil War.  Clearly Captain Mal Reynold (Nathan Fillion) has the die- hard spirit of a bitter Confederate veteran.<br />From my perspective the only real problem with &quot;Firefly&quot; is that it lacks a strong story arc for this abbreviated first season.  I might be making too much of this, but one of the strengths of Whedon's other shows (&quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; and &quot;Angel&quot;) is that he always makes excellent use of story arcs, using by wedding a first half story arc to another one in the second half oa season.  The closest things we have to driving story arcs are (1) the mysterious Alliance forces trying to capture River (Summer Glau) and her brother Simon (Sean Maher) and (2) Mal and Irana (Morena Baccarin) wasting time insulting each other instead of getting on to business (so to speak).  Both of those are clearly there, but things were progressing too slowly for my taste.  I know Whedon had some big payoff for the first one, but he was keeping it awfully close to the vest and if this revelation is not a major part of the planned movie, I will be totally surprised.<br />The strength of the series is in the characters of the crew, all of who are realized with some degree of depth.  My favorite was Kaylee (Jewel Staite), who was smart as she was cute, a killer combination in my book.  Captain Mal Reynolds was the most fully realized of the crew, mainly because he had a pivotal role in most of the episodes, but with the rest of the crew of &quot;Serenity&quot; you know there was more to come.  We got a little of the back story on what Mal and Zoë (Gina Torres) did during the big war, and there was a flashback that told how Jayne Cobb (Adam Baldwin) and the rest of the crew were hired on by Mal.  But it is the secret behind River Tam's strange condition that is is going to be the key in everything that happens next.  It was also great to see Ron Glass as the one familiar face in the regular cast.<br />Final Notes: I missed most of &quot;Firefly&quot; the first time around, so it was a bit strange to watch the show with the memory of the characters that Fillion and Torres played on &quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; and &quot;Angel&quot; after &quot;Firefly&quot; went down the tubes.  You have to keep telling yourself that these are good people and not powerful demon times who need to die.  Also, I wish &quot;Firefly&quot; had not come at the expense of &quot;Dark Angel,&quot; especially now that neither show is on the air.  In a much better world than this one both shows would have survived, but having neither is really the short end of the stick for fans of science fiction on television.ction on television.
B000000WCV|4.0|OK.... I have listened to Discovery over and over, and it gets better with time. Homework, on the other hand, is different.<br />Let's get down to the tracks.<br />Daftendirekt- Weird, but OK. 4/5<BR>WDPK 83.7 FM- What the heck's this radio ad doing here? 1/5<BR>Revolution 909- One of the best songs on the album. 5/5<BR>Da Funk- It's what made Daft Punk who they are. 5/5<BR>Phoenix- Another good track. 4/5<BR>Fresh- OK. Just OK. 3/5<BR>Around the World- Great track, but too long. 4/5<BR>Rollin' and Scratchin'- Too darn long and repetitive. 2/5<BR>Teachers- WTF????? 1/5<BR>High Fidelity- Mmmm.... OK. 2/5<BR>Rock and Roll- The absolute worst track on the album. 0/5<BR>Oh Yeah- Another one I don't like. 1/5<BR>Burnin'- Good track to begin with... but not late in the album. 4/5<BR>Indo Silver Club- One of the standouts. 5/5<BR>Alive- OK.... 3/5<BR>Funk Ad- Basically... it's Da Funk played backwards. 2/5<br />There's my review... only buy Homework if you're a hardcore fan.<br />Overall, it gets 4/5.
B00005K3LW|5.0|There are plans for &quot;Die Hard 4: Die Hardest&quot; for 2005, with Bruce Willis back for a fourth time and director John McTiernan back for a third as John McClane and his daughter become involved in yet another terrorist plot.  I have high hopes for such a film because the &quot;Die Hard&quot; series has been one of the strongest in the action genre.  Granted, the best of the bunch remains the original 1988 film, which is the standard by which all subsequent films in the genre have been judged: &quot;Die Hard 2: Die Harder&quot; was &quot;Die Hard&quot; in an airport and &quot;Speed&quot; was &quot;Die Hard on a Bus,&quot; not to be confused with &quot;Speed II&quot; which was &quot;Die Hard&quot; and &quot;Speed&quot; on a boat.  Apparently Willis only does these movies when he has one that thinks it will work, which would explain why &quot;Die Hard with a Vengeance,&quot; the third film in the series, came out in 1995, five years after the sequel.<br />The best thing that can be said about this movie is that it would have worked even if it was not a &quot;Die Hard&quot; movie.  The idea that John McClane is once again on the outs with his wife (who never appears in the film) is getting stale and the idea that he is being targeted by this film's mysterious villain simply named Simon (Jeremy Irons) could just as easily have a different explanation than one that ties this film back to the original.  In fact, what makes this third one a solid action film is that it does indeed go back to the original for two of its strongest elements.  The first is the idea that the crime is a fairly complex robbery dressed up with a lot of distractions.  The second is that McClane's character had a tenuous anchor with another person; in the original it was Reginald VelJohnson's Al Powell, although for most of the film it was merely by radio.  That fault is rectified in this film with Willis given a strong co-star in Samuel L. Jackson's Zeus Carver.  This time it is Jackson's character who suddenly finds himself in extraordinary circumstances, forced by some nut with a whole lot of bombs at his disposal to jump through a bizarre series of hoops.<br />One of the key elements in the success of the &quot;Die Hard&quot; movies was that McClane managed to use his brains at opportune moments.  That issue is forced to the extreme in this one as the voice at the other end of a long series of phone calls provides one deadly brainteaser after another.  This allows the logic of the movie produce a series of stunts and action sequences as the two mismatched heroes race around New York City trying to avoiding anybody getting killed (including themselves).  Willis and Jackson work well off of each other, helped by the fact there characters are not stupid, and that despite the yelling and screaming solving problems is the highest priority.  We have seen all of these elements before from all the action/buddy movies that Hollywood has produced, and their success remains contingent on how much we like watching the two buddies do what they gotta do.  The whole idea of these things is to provide a compelling thrill ride, and by that standard &quot;Die Hard with a Vengeance&quot; delivers.racter who suddenly finds himself in extraordinary circumstances, forced by some nut with a whole lot of bombs at his disposal to jump through a bizarre series of hoops.<br />One of the key elements in the success of the &quot;Die Hard&quot; movies was that McClane managed to use his brains at opportune moments.  That issue is forced to the extreme in this one as the voice at the other end of a long series of phone calls provides one deadly brainteaser after another.  This allows the logic of the movie produce a series of stunts and action sequences as the two mismatched heroes race around New York City trying to avoiding anybody getting killed (including themselves).  Willis and Jackson work well off of each other, helped by the fact there characters are not stupid, and that despite the yelling and screaming solving problems is the highest priority.  We have seen all of these elements before from all the action/buddy movies that Hollywood has produced, and their success remains contingent on how much we like watching the two buddies do what they gotta do.  The whole idea of these things is to provide a compelling thrill ride, and by that standard &quot;Die Hard with a Vengeance&quot; delivers.
B00005R24K|5.0|EVIL DEAD is an incredibly creepy, gooshingly gory, immensely entertaining movie. When you consider that Sam Raimi, Bruce Campbell, and their friends just decided to make a horror movie and went out and did it, it boggles the mind! They were all just kids from Michigan State University, on a top-secret (so secret, they didn't know it themselves) mission to make movie history. The result is an intense 85 minutes of dread and terror! Ash (Campbell) and his friends are staying in a cabin in the middle of the deep woods. They have no idea that this particular cabin is the stomping-grounds for a demonic presence of pure evil. Unleashed through a tape-recorded recitation, the dark forces descend upon Ash and company, possessing them and playing sadistic games with each. Death, oozing gore, and rape by a tree (!!) are only some of the things that make this unforgettable. Turn out the lights and enjoy...
B00005QDW1|2.0|No Doubt's 2001 release &quot;Rock Steady&quot; dips far and away from the group's roots and prior sounds. Lyrically weak and depending on canned hip-hop, this album will come as a crushing disappointment to fans of the superb &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; and &quot;Return of Saturn.&quot;<br />The shift in musical focus is shown in the focus on dance and party music, like the execrable groupie-anthem &quot;Hey Baby,&quot; the painfully empty &quot;Hella Good,&quot; and the electronica-edged pop &quot;In My Head.&quot; Tack in a little rapping (with a fake accent to boot) and some needless chorus repetition, and you have &quot;Rock Steady.&quot; Only a few songs hint at the prior lyrical and musical standards of the band, such as the plaintively sardonic &quot;Platinum Blonde Life&quot; and catchy &quot;Detective.&quot;<br />Musically, &quot;Rock Steady&quot; has a certain mediocrity of its own. While catchy, there's nothing interesting in the hip-hop-lite played here, even with hints of the old ska style, attempts at rapping and dashes of electronica. Non-synthesized instruments are virtually nonexistant here.<br />The lyrics dip into your basic party ditties here, lacking in complexity, depth, or anything more substantial than &quot;You got me feelin' hella good!&quot; No Doubt's lyrics aren't always amazing, but they were never dull. Here, they are dull. Often a particular phrase (often the title as well) is tacked several times throughout the song -- be it &quot;let's just keep on dancin',&quot; &quot;you're really lovely underneath it all,&quot; &quot;don't you forget it/don't let me down,&quot; and the lowest point of &quot;Rock Steady,&quot; the &quot;boys say/boys say/hey baby hey baby hey&quot; chorus.<br />Even taken just for its own worth, &quot;Rock Steady&quot; is vapid and empty. No doubt that longtime fans will start &quot;running as fast as they can.&quot;
B00005JLR2|4.0|Treasure Planet is Disney's science fiction version of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island where a teenager Jim Hawkins is pulled into an adventure through a treasure map.  The map comes with a warning of dangerous pirates who destroy Jim's house in search of the map.  The quest for the treasure begins with the escape of the evil pirate and continues with a voyage on a space galleon that rides on winds of the universe.  As the story develops there are many moral lessons to be learned through Jim and the characters that he encounters on the voyage to Treasure Planet.  Treasure Planet is a film that keeps both young and old entertained with both humor, drama, and suspense leaving the viewers with a good film experience.
B0000DD7NL|5.0|The Diary of Alicia Keys is VINTAGE R&B. This CD is definitely better than her first. But this production is more mature.<br />Unfortunately, some think that R&B is what most of her contemporaries are doing. But it isn't. It's more pop/hip-hop. And that's okay, I have many of those CDs. But Alicia's CD is true rhythm & blues with a hint of jazz. It's what R&B used to sound like when I was growing up, and I'm 29. Her CD is current, but with a classic vibe.<br />If you want to listen and LEARN about the kind of music the real R&B Kings and Queens used to make, then I would start by buying The Diary of Alicia Keys. She's the closest thing without having to pull out the old vinyl. Particularly, if you're younger and can't groove with the older stuff, or just haven't had much exposure to R&B, then definitely give her new CD a try.<br />Warning: If you're hoping for Beyonce or Ashanti, which I happen to like, then you will be disappointed. So, I would keep an open mind and not let recent music trends influence your opinion. Alicia has a lot of talent. If you listen closely, you'll find it.
B00008EY9G|4.0|Ten strangers, a chauffeur, an actress past her prime, a call-girl, a cop who is transporting a killer, a pair of newlyweds, and a family in emergency are stranded at an isolated motel during a wicked rainstorm.  It appears that they all have something that they attempt to hide, however, their secrets begins to unravel as they are killed one by one.  Their only key to survival seems be related to their their secrets, which they have to reveal if they want to stay alive.  Identity is an intriguing film with a clever plot based on an Agatha Christie novel, and like all of Agatha Christie's novels there are several clues for the audience to try to figure out who the killer is.  Nevertheless, Identity brings a dark story to the audience that can cause puzzlement and bewilderment, which in the end offers a fine cinematic experience.
B00005IC2H|5.0|i bought Sigur Ros's cd ( ) as my introduction to this great band, and after hearing that I couldn't imagine a band making a better cd, but after purchising Agaetis Byrjin, i found out that this cd is even better than ( ). Intro is just a filler song to get things started, then comes Starafur, a great song with great music and vocals. the 3rd song which i cant even come close to pronouncing, is one of the most beautiful songs i've ever heard, with the string arrangements and vocal melody. I wont go into describing all the songs, because for many there is no words. but i know when you buy this cd, wou will agree that is is one of the best you've ever heard (unless you listening to crap like creed, nickelback, or any pop-punk or &quot;screamo&quot; band).
B00005JKCH|4.0|Look in the sky! It's a bird ... It's a plane ... Oops! Wrong comic book brand! Even without this comic catch phrase, one can easily say many things about the rising stock of Marvel in the movie industry. It is thanks to the successes of films like Blade and X-Men that finally pushed one of most highly anticipated comic-book adaptations over the top to completion. The movie version of the famous web-slinger has been in development for nearly ten years, mostly due to court battles as well as the lack of enthusiasm by the movie-going public for these types of films. But all the built up anticipation will find a rest as the famous comic-book superhero makes his way to big screen for the first time ever being played by a relatively unknown young actor. Will the fan base accept Columbia's film despite the lack of famous characters in front of and behind the camera? The only thing that can be said is that the ten years of built up hype and anticipation will finally come to end. Whether it will be a glorious success or a tremendous failure is not yet known accept to those that see the film and judge for themselves. Either way, it will be an exciting ride for all those involved.<br />The story centers on the life of the young Peter Parker and the origin of the now famous comic-book superhero, Spider-Man. Peter Parker, a shy and geeky teenager, is raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May after the death of his parents when he was little boy. As far back as he can remember, he has been head over heels for Mary Jane Watson, the girl next door, but he has never gotten the courage to ask her out, let alone talk to her. On what seems to be a normal class field-trip, Peter is bitten by a genetically altered spider and his whole world is turned upside-down. He quickly notices that his body is changing but as time goes on, he begins to gain control over his new abilities and uses them to win a wrestling match. When he doesn't receive the money from the operator of the wrestling match, Peter ignores the burglar that robs the man at gun point. But when he discovers that the robber later killed his Uncle Ben, Peter devotes his new abilities to fighting crime. Now dubbed Spider-Man, the new superhero must master his abilities perfectly to take down the Green Goblin, who is actually his best friend's father who goes insane from an experiment gone wrong. The story for Spider-Man does a wonderful job of combining romance, action, comedy, and suspense all in beautifully well crafted script that remains consistent despite a couple integrating story lines.<br />At the time of its release, the cast for Spider-Man was a relative bunch of unknowns but each member works well in their own way in this film outside of this handicap. It has to be said that there was quite a bit of hesitation on the part of Sony executives when Sam Raimi, the director, had chosen Tobey Maguire to take on the role of Spider-Man in this high budget feature film. This was quite reasonable considering Maguire had so little real acting experience outside of low budget films like Wonder Boys and Cider House Rules. But those fears can now be put to rest as the young actor proves that he can express vivid emotions even when his face is hidden behind a mask. Kirsten Dunst, who had gained some exposure in films like Jumanji and Bring It On, presents the perfect amount of \\"girl next door\\" charm that gives the story its real heart, which can only compliment her acting ability within the film. And William Dafoe, who takes on the duo role of Norman Osborn and the Green Goblin, shows true acting talent especially in the scene where Norman argues with his alter self in the mirror and in his mind.<br />Overall, Spider-Man manages to spin a web that is able to capture many integral story elements in an amazingly beautiful pattern that doesn't out do itself. Though the film manages to pull off great things, there are a couple of things to pick at here and there. One of the most prominent examples hasto be the musical score conducted by Danny Elfman, who also worked on the soundtrack for another superhero film, Batman. The score is quite unmemorable and doesn't have quite the kick one would expect from this high-profile a feature. Another problem is that some of the scenes with Spider-Man, in costume form, seem too fake compared to other computer effects but this is quite a small complaint in comparison to the rest of the film. The highly anticipated comic-book adaptation has already been declared the movie of the summer before it even has the chance to get out of the gate. Whether the general public makes this statement true or not, Spider-Man is a prestigious effort that gives huge compliments to the filmmakers and all other parties involved in finally bringing this comic-book fanboy vision to the big screen.
B0000DCGT0|4.0|This is an absolutely beautifully made film that captures the period and the excitement of horseracing in stunning fashion. Jeff Bridges, Toby McGuire and Chris Cooper all give fine performances. How they got the horses in this film to perform as they did is the  real story. Absolutely magical for lovers of horseracing or horses in general. I thought the actors were good but the horses were wonderful. The movie is overly sentimental and at times a bit corny but overall it is a very good entertainment.
B0000DCGT4|4.0|Here we go again. The summer season always starts off so promising with such big event films as this year's X2: X-Men United, The Matrix Reloaded, and Finding Nemo bringing in the masses for some solid entertainment. But as the season goes on, more and more films are released that don't seem to quite live up to the films the summer started off with. And finally as we arrive to the final month of summer fun, the studios seem to repeat their ploy for the summer in this one month. After the surprising success of The Sixth Sense in August 1999 as well as the success of films like Signs and xXx in the same time period three years later, the studios have began to stand up and take notice that the last month of the summer doesn't have to be entirely disastrous. With the right story as well as a decent marketing campaign, a studio can still open a film big in the first two weeks of the month while dumping any low budget trash in the closing weeks of the summer. Since there seems to be no Shyamalan film in sight this year, Universal is willing to fill up the slot with the third, and possibly final, installment of their successful American Pie series. After the surprising success of the original in 1999, the box office saw the rebirth of the teen sex comedy genre though few films following in the foot steps of the American Pie film failed to match up. After a successful sequel in 2001, the cast comes together one more time to serve up a slice of pie to the movie-going public. But in a time when sequels have underperformed at the box office, will American Wedding be able to break the curse or will there be nothing but wedding time blues?<br />The story centers around the marriage of Jim and Michelle as the rest of the American Pie clan clamors to get ready for the big day. The sexual confused group of kids from East Great Falls High has finally grown up and two of them are readying to take the big step into matrimony but there seems to be problems around every corner. Jim, whohas subjected himself to a huge amount of public humiliation, has enough trouble trying to please Michelle's parents but soon realizes he has another problem: He can't dance. While Jim tries to figure out how to dance, his friends, Kevin and Finch, try to control Stifler, who seems to have plans of his own for the big day. Not only is he excited to through a bachelor party for Jim, with strippers of course, but eyes Michelle's younger sister, Cadence, who just happens to be a virgin. Like the previous American Pie films, things just seem to go from bad to worse as the day draws closer. The story for American Wedding seems to take itself seriously more then the previous efforts which works wonderfully. Even with that said, the film does seem to offer plenty of gross out humor that continues to surprising even the hardcore American Pie fans. Some of the gross out humor, as funny as it is, is a little too much especially one or more scenes involving Stifler, which the film seems to focus on more then in previous ventures.<br />Though several cast members of the original two films don't make appearances in this film, the remaining cast works well enough together that you barely notice the changes. Jason Biggs, who has subjected himself to public humiliation involving a pie as well as superglue, continues his hilarious antics in the third installment in the series that made him famous, in more ways then one. Biggs should have a real promising comedy career seeing that he is willing to do anything for a film including making himself look like a weirdo especially in scenes that showing off his rear end. Alyson Hannigan, who returns as Michelle, isn't given as much screen time as she should have had but when she is featured; she gives the film its heart which greatly needed outside of the gross humor. Sean William Scott, who returns as the eccentric Stifler, seems to subject himself to as much humiliation as Jason Biggs including a scene to that is so disgusting and so funny that you won't believe it even when you do see it. Though the character of Stifler seems to be focused on more then in the previous films, he isn't focused on too much that film distracts the audience from the real story. The real highlight of every American Pie film has to be Eugene Levy, who returns as Jim's father. Levy, who was the only real funny character in the comedy Bringing Down the House earlier this year, is absolutely hilarious as usual and will hopefully have a long and fruitful comedy career outside of this franchise should this be the last film. The only part of the cast that didn't seem to work well was Thomas Ian Nicholas as Kevin. He doesn't really do much for the film and, in fact, doesn't really even say much through the course of the two hour feature. Why was he included while other members of the cast were cut? Did they really need all the male leads back for the last film? Is that why he was included? There really seems to be no clear answer.<br />Overall, American Wedding is the one sequel this year that seems to outshine the previous efforts. Though the film is an achievement in that area, there are a few things to pick at. One of those things includes the number of cast members from the original films that were cut from this film. No clear explanation is given to why certain members of the original cast are not invited to the wedding. In fact, they are barely even mentioned outside of a passing note of Nadia. This isn't a big factor but does seem to pick at the back of the minds of a few fans. Another small problem about the film is some of the gross out humor. Though many of the scenes are very funny and don't seem to be retreads of scenes from the two prior films, some of gross out humor seems to be too much to take in especially the scene involving Stifler's search for the lost wedding ring. Outside of those small problems, American Wedding is the best comedy of the summer as well as the year so far. If this is the last film in the American Pie series, it is a wonderful thing to know that the comedy franchise went out on a huge high note.
0385504209|4.0|I was slow to get around to this book and then finished it in 2 days.  I simply couldn't put it down.  You probably know the basics of the story if you've read the publisher's review.  It's another suspense-thriller, this time wrapped in the ancient secrets of religion.  The book is a thrill ride for the first half and then becomes somewhat predictable, but still fun.  At times, I felt I was watching a soap opera where you can miss several days and still know what is happening.  At the same time, I couldn't quit reading it because I was pulling for the hero.  I predicted the finish and imagine most readers do but would still recommend the book as a pleasurable read to anyone.<br />What I most enjoyed about the book is how it covers topics I'd heard about but know very little about.  It seems the author did plenty of research and through that, has pushed me to begin doing my own research.  If you are interested in religious history at all, you will enjoy reading this book and likely be challenged to learn more about the past.
6305949980|4.0|Tim Burton is not the first person that comes to mind when you think of children's entertainment but he has a closer connection with that film genre then most would think. Tim Burton attended the California Institute of the Arts, also known as \\"Mickey Mouse University for its ties to Disney animation, and later worked for the Walt Disney Company on such animated films as The Fox and the House and The Black Cauldron early in his entertainment career. It wasn't until his work on short films like Vincent and Frankenweenie that his directing talent was fully recognized. Burton went on to work on such favorites as Beetlejuice, Batman, and Edward Scissorhands but found time to write a poem entitled \\"The Nightmare Before Christmas\\" which became the inspiration for this feature. Being unable to direct the project due to his commitment to Batman Returns, Burton choose Henry Selick while both decided that stop motion was the best medium to bring Halloweentown to life. But would Burton's twisted take on the favorite \\"Night Before Christmas\\" tale be accepted by the general public or would it be too weird even for the hardcore Burton fans?<br />The story centers on the exploits of the pumpkin king of Halloweentown as he tries to spread his own bit of Christmas cheer. Jack Skellington lives in the area known as Halloweentown where scary monsters and ghouls live year around always preparing for next Halloween. But Jack has lost the spark of excitement he once had for the holiday and falls into deep seclusion. Upon stumbling onto a secret door that leads to Christmastown, the home of Santa and his elves, Jack finds a new calling in life. Why should Christmas be restricted to Christmastown? Why can't everybody be allowed to celebrate this joyous holiday? So with this in mind the pumpkin king decides to give old Saint Nick a vacation and helms the sleigh spreading joy to all girls and boys. But when his plan backfires, it is up to Jack to save Christmas. The story of The Nightmare Before Christmas is pretty good despite several plot holes. Why does it take Lock, Jock, and Barrel almost a month to capture Santa Clause when it only took them less then a day to capture the Easter Bunny? Why is the military brought in to stop a Santa imposter? Granted the film is not to be taken seriously but there are some things that are just too over the top.<br />Since the Nightmare Before Christmas is presented mostly in song (ten songs total in the one hour and sixteen minute feature), perhaps it is better to discuss about each character rather then the voices behind them. Jack Skellington is a perfect lovable yet confused character. A character that only wants to do good things but those good actions come off as being bad to others outside of Halloweentown. One can sympathize with Jack over his feelings of depression and seclusion over the lack of excitement he once had for his calling in life. More then a few people who see this can relate to this character more then once their lives. Jack's love interest, Sally, is another interesting and perplexing character. For most of her life she has dreamt of going out into the world and escape the seclusion her creator, the doctor, has kept her in. The ironic situation is that when she does go into the world, she sends herself into seclusion and isolation when she is the only one who does follow along with Jack's plans. The only character that seems to be a problem for the film is Oogie Boogie. We really don't learn that much about the character as he isn't featured that much in the film and he doesn't really do anything outside of creating slight tension for the plot.<br />Overall, The Nightmare Before Christmas, despite several problems, is still a decent effort. The stop motion animated special effects of Nightmare are still pretty impressive but were probably more impressive at the time it was released. The film's effects fail to hold up like traditional animated films and the feature really shows its age in a couple of scenes. Though the film is intended for children and is not to be taken too seriously, there are several moments where the creators are asking too much believability from the audience especially a scene where the military gets involved in shooting down the Santa imposter. With the idea that this is a children's film in mind, why are there so many moments in the film that would probably scare the living Hell out of a four or five year old? The feature tries to be children friendly but as soon as it attempts to it slips right back into the dark and scary moments again. Either this film is intended for children or for adults; it would be a lot more consistent if the filmmakers made up their minds. Outside of those problems, the amazing songs by Danny Elfman (including Jack's Lament) and several beautiful sets make the film worth at least one viewing. Nightmare Before Christmas is a decent experiment that, despite showing some age, can still delight certain audiences.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|MICHAEL is Definitely one of the all-time best best recording artists ever, and just because he doesn't always fit the norm doesn't make him a child molester. They'll always be haters in the world. You Stay strong Michael!
B00005JLR6|5.0|One of the best movies if not the best movie I've seen in the last 5 years.  I found NO weak point in the movie.  Acting is superb.  I don't know why it is not in major theaters...hopefully it is a sleeper like My Big Fat Greek Wedding. You cannot keep a film like this down.
630463949X|5.0|It has been countless times that I've heard somebody say that it was The Dance show that made them become a Fleetwood Mac fan.  While my indoctrination to the group's music wasn't because of The Dance, it was my first viewing of Fleetwood Mac (the Rumours era) live, in concert.  I wasn't disappointed... well okay I was, I wish they did Little Lies.<BR>Still, The Dance is pure Rumours era Fleetwood Mac.  There are the classics from the Rumours album (the most represented album on this DVD,) a few from The White Album, the title track from Tusk and two releases from the Tango In The Night album along with a few new songs an old B-side song (Silver Springs) and an acoustic version of Lindsey's Go Insane.<BR>All in all, just to see Lindsey fingerpick on Big Love and Go Insane was worth it for me.  This is definitely one of the best live shows you'll ever see.
0780622553|5.0|This movie is one of the best science fiction movies ever made.  IT is about a man who wakes up with amnesia and finds out he is wanted by the police for a string of murders.  He eventually discovers this strange group called &quot;The Strangers&quot; are after him as well.  They possess a power call &quot;Tuning&quot; which mean they can stop time, alter reality, and make some sleep on command.  <br />Humans were brought to this &quot;Dark City&quot; as an experiment.  The strangers wanted to see what made humans *human* so that they could be like them.  For their race was dying.<br />There are many similarites to The Matrix.  Such as the humans being prisoner, another world, strange beings, and &quot;The One&quot; who has the power of the beings.  Funny thing is, this movie came out before the matrix, and is much more satisfying in my opinion.<br />If you want a great acted and detailed science fiction movie to watch, pick up Dark City.  You won't be dissapointed.
B0000E2FLC|4.0|I have had the VHS version of this concert for years and I've noticed that on the DVD version, the sound has been altered. Some of Angus's lead licks were slightly edited and at the end of &quot;Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap&quot;, Angus holds his hand up in the air and screams into the microphone. Well, the video of him doing that is present on the DVD, but the audio of his screaming was edited out!  I was a bit disappointed with that.  Also, on &quot;Hell Ain't A Bad Place To Be&quot;, certain sections have &quot;backward masking&quot; in it. If you listen real close, there is definitely a voice talking. It's unmistakeable. If anyone out there can figure out how to isolate the voice and figure out what it says, please let me know.  Probably something like, &quot;your mother sews socks that smell&quot;, or something.  Did you know that if you play the Mr. Ed themesong backwards, you can hear a voice say, &quot;s-s-s-s-s-s-s-satan?&quot;  HA HA HA!
0783225792|4.0|I've been a huge Scorcese/DeNiro fan since 'Taxi Driver', and love all of their movies. My favorite gangster movies of the last 30 years are Godfather I &amp; II, Once Upon A Time in America, Goodfellas and this movie. I put Goodfellas at #1, and Casino at #2.<br />Watching the talents of Scorsese and DeNiro, Joe Pesci, Sharon Stone and James Woods in this film is a truly enjoyable movie experience. Acting just doesn't get any better than this. In particular, Sharon Stone surprized me by going toe-to-toe with these three acting heavyweights. And she never blinked--she held her own and was outstanding.<br />Before I saw this movie I was worried that it would be an inferior Goodfellas II...it's not. It stands tall on it's own.<br />If you liked 'Goodfellas', then beg, borrow, or rent this movie today!!!
B0000CEB4V|5.0|So lovely and moving.  After watching Billy Preston ecstatically sing &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; I turned to my husband and said &quot;THAT could make a person believe in God.&quot;<br />George gave us so much.  Thank you, dear friend.
0385504209|4.0|Excellent reading, exciting story and very informative regarding myths and legends surrounding the vatican and christianity.
B000089RVX|1.0|i hate this band  this cd doesn't even deserve 1 star (amazon made me rate it)  i listened to their album (im glad i didn't buy it) i couldnt tell when the song changed  it all sounds the same  the lyrics SUCK  they remind me of Coldplay they suck too  evenesance's cd is just on really long song  it put me to sleep  its overplayed and it sickens me Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
B000088E6P|5.0|Alright, alright, I know that many of you think 50 has no talent. I can understand that perspective with Dre and Em behing him however, your still wrong. He has a great and unique presence that is in almost everyone of his songs. Almost all of his songs could be released as hits on the radio but he only picks the cream of the crop. So next time you descide to flip on 50 Cent, don't try, because you just show your arrogance and misunderstanding of good music.
B00005JMGL|3.0|Well, having finally seen PETER PAN yesterday I can say that I have no idea<BR>what people are talking about when they refer to the \\"sexuality\\" in the<BR>film. I just did not see it.<BR>On the other hand, I can see why the film is not doing well at the Box<BR>Office. It wasn't really good.  While it was certainly more successful than<BR>HOOK and there were parts of it I liked (the final Hook/Pan battle, Peter<BR>trying to close the window), the film as a whole did not succeed.<BR>I honsetly don't understand why this film is being touted as being more<BR>\\"faithful\\" to Barrie's work than other versions.  Certainly the PETER PAN<BR>musical videos (Mary Martin and Cathy Rigby and even the long lost Mia<BR>Farrow) are FAR more faithful to Barrie's original play, as most of the<BR>dialogue in these videos is right out of Barrie's play.  This version was<BR>about 40% faithful --which in my eyes puts the Disney cartoon (at about 60%<BR>faithful) as being more faithful than this one.<BR>Some of my problems with the film:<BR>1. Tink --I hated her.  I mean HATED her in this version.  Not Tink the<BR>character but the way she was portrayed.  I think they were aiming for her<BR>to be the equivelance of one of those stupid \\"comic animal\\" characters that<BR>show up in almost every Disney cartoon of late (Quasimoto's little gargoyle<BR>friends).  They kept cutting to her mugging for comic relief --but she<BR>simply was not funny.<BR>2.  The Lost Boys --they were marginalized here.  We never even learned<br />their names until the END of the movie. And what about Slightly's famous<BR>line explaining his name \\"Slightly Soiled, that's my name\\".  Not there!<BR>3. There was no segment of the film revealing the life in Neverland. As soon<BR>as they arrive the battle with Hook begins.  What about the Pirates<BR>following the boys following the indians? What about Michael sleeping in his<BR>basket?  What about Wendy telling the boys the story of Hamlet? What abou<BR>the Neverbird? Peter being stranded on Marooner's rock? The poison cake? The<BR>house in the trees ?   Faithful to Barrie's original?  not even CLOSE!<BR>4.  As someone who has been in productions of PETER PAN since  I was 8, I<BR>was surprised that I found no emotional connection to this film.  Even the<BR>ending was just BLAH! The whole movie seemed Blah! And I really wanted to<BR>like this movie.<BR>5.  Sumpter was good --and his American accent was not as bothersome to me<BR>as I thought it would it be.<BR>6.  Wend y was very good too.  And I did not mind the \\"courting\\" of her by<BR>Hook.  He did this in the play too, though in the play there was no question<BR>that Hook wanted Wendy to be HIS mother.  In the film you weren't too sure<BR>what he wanted.<BR>7.  The score was very HARRY POTTER --especially at the beginning.<br />Well the movie wasn't HORRIBLE but it was not a great film either.  I will<BR>buy the DVD when it comes out and hope for lots of extras and  deleted<BR>scenes.  But  I will not be going back to see this film in a movie theater.<BR>BTW --the people in the theater with me (about 20 altogether) were not that<BR>thrilled with the film either.  When the Aunt \\"adopts\\" Slightly some girl<BR>said, rather loudly, \\"This is so STUPID!\\"  And the kid in front of me went<BR>for large lengths of time NOT looking at the screen! He seemed completely<BR>BORED!<br />I am still waiting for the definitive PETER PAN movie to be made.
B00004WEJZ|5.0|NSNA is at the same level as any other James Bond Movie. It may be a remake,but its not a remake where you'll find them going back and doing the same thing as in Thunderball,because their still two different James Bond Movies. You'll want to add this to your James Bond Collection!
B00004Y6NK|5.0|I believe alot of people are giving this cd a bad review because they like the Clapton of the 70s without the synthesizers. In my opinion, this is an excellent cd. Sure, there are a few songs that aren't so good. Hey, nobody is perfect! There is nothing wrong with a synthesizer as long as guitars and drums accompany it. Buy this cd. It is highly underrated.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Only three songs in this album remind you that you are still listening to the 'girl' Britney. The rest of them by the 'woman'Britney. With a taste of hiphop in this album, Britney Spears seems to have set out her new 'mature' efforts in the 'Zone'<BR>Old Britney fans will definately like - <BR>Toxic, Shadow, Brave new girl, Everytime. <BR>Other cool songs are - MATM, showdown, Outrageous, the hook up and touch of my hand. <BR>Breathe on me is a pretty decent song. <BR>Boom boom is average because of the ying yang twins. <BR>Early Morning is the only bummer song on the CD. <BR>This CD is really worth what you pay for it. One of the drawbacks is probably Britney's voice but that's it. But she sings very beautifully in her ballads inspite of that. <BR>Christina's voice is too loud and this album is too different from Stripped to be compared to it. You should buy it unless you hate Britney too much to put up with her. Beacuse this album can be enjoyed only if you want to give it a chance and not when you want to criticize it.
0452282152|2.0|I read this book in two days. While it was appealing to me as a person interested in art and gave me a renewed appreciation of Vermeer, it has little more to offer than that. The writing is cut and dry and the characters are just generic, paper-doll types (the humble maid, her witch of a mistress, the more understanding elderly lady). Chevalier seems afraid to develop too much the character of Jan Vermeer lest her description strays too far from historical accuracy. This is a bland novel with an anticlimatic, yet realistic, ending.
B00002DEOL|5.0|that this was the best Ramones recording. (Of course, the 2 that didn't vote for this as the best(marky and CJ), didn't play on it.) This recording really marks America's greatest rock band at its finest. They still had their original Tommy on drums, who really was the best Ramone to have in the studio. He left the group soon after this recording to become a recording engineer full-time. Also, the stresses of the road, internal bickering, and pressures from the recording industry had not taken a toll on the band yet. All of these elements certainly had a serious impact on the band later. If you have to buy one Ramones recording, this should be it....and don't worry about additional tracks on a reissue CD. This album would suffer from any tweaking. Furthermore, if you have to buy one rock recording, this should be it!
B00005B36H|5.0|All though I advise you listen to this album all the way through, as though it were one song, I'll attempt to dissect it and give my opinion on each song.<BR>1. The Grudge - This is what a good opener should sound like. It's a long, incredibly moody track, sets the atmosphere.<BR>2. Eon Blue Apocalyse - Nice, slow opening to ...<BR>3. The Patient - Part ambient, part heavy, all good. <BR>4. Mantra - Kind of scary, droning noises. We've come to expect this from tool.<BR>5. Schism - The first single, with 'that bassline' and one hell of a video.<BR>6. Parabol - Slow and melancholy, leaks into ...<BR>7. Parabola - Lateralus' catchiest song, witha super heavy ending that is somewhat reminisent of '4th July' by Soundgarden.<BR>8. Ticks and leeches - The heaviest track, Not everyone's cup of tea, but otherwise a great song.<BR>9. Lateralus - Just simply brilliant.<BR>10. Disposition - Slow, almost african sounding (in my ears).<BR>11. Reflection - The album's best track? It could well be. Mysterious, yet at the same time emotional. Brilliant.<BR>12. Triad - A heavy instrumental, very cool<BR>13. Faaip de oiad - ???
B00008PW2D|4.0|This set of DVDs is great.  I love the character development.  The writing isn't as great as the first four seasons were, but hey, these girls are quirky and strange, and that's what we like about them, right?<br />As for the price, I truly cannot understand why so many people on here seem to be complaining about it.  At around $35 for two discs with 4 episodes each (that's two hours worth of programming each, not counting audio commentaries), it's only about $15-20 per disc, which is pretty much EXACTLY within the range of every other popular release DVD for the same amount of material.  Just because HBO offered more programming for less previously, doesn't mean the pricing for this set is \\"extortion.\\"  It's standard.
B00000AOUD|5.0|A few years ago in college, I listened to this CD an average of once a day for TWO YEARS.<br />The entire album consists of one 45-minute song (well there's a break in the middle where the record had to be flipped over)...and I wish it were even longer.
B00006RCSR|5.0|The traditional fairy tale of &quot;Cinderella&quot; comes to life on the silver screen with this remarkable adaptation. The script is well written to attract audiences of all ages, while the on-screen romance between Barrymore and Scott left viewers satisfied, yet wanting more. The casting was well done with sensational actors and actresses such as Scott(the prince), Houston(the evil stepmother) and Barrymore(as &quot;Cinderella&quot;) There are surprising, though enjoyable twists to the traditional plot such as a fairy &quot;godfather&quot; and Barrymore's uncanny ability to fight back when placed under durest, which is a considerable feat considering the time frame of the movie, somewhere in the 16th century. Thus, the film feature Barrymore as a somewhat revolutionary character in the feminist struggle and for the want of equal rights. Scott shines in his casting as the prince bringing new meaning to the terms &quot;chivalry&quot; and &quot;gentleman,&quot; and these were combined with his charming smile and good looks.<BR>The only fault which I believe can be found with the movie is the fact that all the supposedly &quot;French&quot; characters are essentially English is speech. Barrymore's accent in particular was found to be over done with her English accent an obvious farce. Otherwise, a commendable effort and a show well worth viewing.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I gave &quot;Firefly - The Complete Series&quot; to my wife for Christmas because I remembered how much she raved about the show, although I never had the chance to watch it myself before.  By New Years we watched all 14 episodes.  So much for spacing them out over time.  :)<br />It turned out to be not only a gift to her, but a gift to us both.  To say we loved the shows is an understatement.  I'm a 26 year old guy... I guess that makes me the &quot;shadow demographic&quot;.  Let me explain this, FOX... I don't watch TV because there aren't shows like Firefly on TV.<br />The characters are excellent.  Captain Mal, the disciplined yet independent skipper of a &quot;free lance cargo transport&quot; (read &quot;smuggler&quot;) keeps the crew and passengers united through words and the proper application of force.  He is the pivotal character of the series, aside from the ship itself, which on the DVD package, the ship Serenity is referred to as the &quot;10th Character&quot;.  This is due to the depth of detail given to the vessel and the way the characters interact with the various aspects of the ship.  As someone who has spent years on ships, there is a feeling of authenticity in Firefly about life aboard ship.  I always thought it was strange on Star Trek how you have this ship of thousands of people, yet we only saw the same 12 people or so.  But in Firefly aboard Serenity, they keep it simple:  Small ship... Small crew.  <br />There is enough material presented in the 14 episodes filmed that would justify seasons of episodes.  I can't think of a show that had so much clarity in the first season.  It was just extremely entertaining.  There were plenty of leads planted.  And there were plenty of questions that were just left unanswered (the show never completed its first season).  Indeed, don't expect a nice season finale to wrap things up.  The last episode is just another episode, and there's no &quot;closure&quot;... at least not yet. (Movie?)  But don't blame Joss Whedon... Blame Fox for axing it before its time.<br />I have a few comments to FOX... If you can't spare an extra hour for a pilot and follow through with at least one complete season for someone as accomplished and successful as Joss Whedon, how do you expect any show to catch steam?  I can't think of a show I've ever watched in its first season, except Angel (and that's a Buffy spinoff) and Smallville.<br />Why Firefly couldn't find a home on the WB is perplexing.  It seems a natural fit among Angel, Smallville, Charmed, etc...  And a lot of the displaced Buffy fans probably would have watched, as well.  Why would anyone watch a new good show on Fox now when, as history would suggest, there's a good chance it'll be cancelled, even if it's good?<br />Firefly is an excellent show that will take you to the past and future at the same time, I reckon'.  And you'll like the trip.  Very highly recommended, despite ending with long-term plot questions unanswered.  As for the future, keep your eye out for the movie, and depending on its success, maybe a return to the small screen... but I'm betting it won't be on FOX.
B000001Y2U|5.0|In my opinion, one of the ballsiest, important and most conceptually brilliant albums I have heard. Marilyn Manson started out as a shock, vaudevillian Florida band, but with this album brought great maturity and the surprise of the American audience. It is said that in order to get people's attention, one must do it with a scream, and that's what this album did targeting closed-minded right-wing Christian America as the enemy. In doing this, Manson used a biblical-like storyline, gothic-style art, and good old-fashioned rock and roll (turned up a notch).<BR>The journey into this Christian nightmare begins with the thundering IRRESPONSIBLE HATE ANTHEM, painting the picture of the world the listener is getting into before the actual start of the story. It is February 14, 1997, Valentine's Day, as the crowd is ironically shouting the new anthem &quot;we hate love, we love hate&quot; showing that the people are now idolizing the new supreme and ultimate rock star, but in order to find out how he came to power we must start at the beginning...<BR>THE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE paints a picture of the world the solemn character of &quot;the worm&quot; is born into. A place where it's &quot;all anatomic as the size of your steeple.&quot; If you are not one of &quot;the beautiful people,&quot; you might as well just get out.<BR>DRIED UP, TIED AND DEAD TO THE WORLD then shows as The Worm is growing being used by others and to ultimately be &quot;all dried up and dead to the world.&quot;<BR>The song TOURNIQUET then in a way illustrates The Worm's love life as in his dreams he dreams of creating the perfect woman. But in the end, he'll just end up being her &quot;tourniquet&quot; just like with any other woman.<BR>The Worm grows and the thunder returns in LITTLE HORN as the forsight of destruction is drawing nearer as The Worm urges everyone to &quot;save themselves&quot; from what he is becoming, but he knows in his mind that it is too late to be saved.<BR>CRYPTORCHID is the beginningof The Worm's long transformation as he sees that despite his weaknesses, he will be growing stronger.<BR>DEFORMOGRAPHY is then the real start of his growth as his rise to become a rock star begins and he starts to realize the love and hate that comes with the business, being conceived as a &quot;dirty rock star&quot; and the control he has over people.<BR>WORMBOY sees The Worm again changing, but is it happening now or being forseen? &quot;Oh no, I am all the things they said I was...&quot; he is just starting to realize what he is becoming.<BR>With MISTER SUPERSTAR, it strongly outlines the whole rock-star life and what he can do with people as THE ultimate rock star. People are now willing to kill themselves for him, he is not only a superstar, he is a leader.<BR>ANGEL WITH THE SCABBED WINGS is a much too late rocking wake-up call that this &quot;superstar&quot; is no longer human and that the followers are doomed, that they must turn back now... but it is too late.<BR>KINDERFELD goes backwards a bit and gives some new light on The Worm and what he has been through and why he is now ready to make his grand entrance as the Antichrist Superstar.<BR>ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR is then, of course, his coming and him telling the people flat-out that they are the ones doing this to themselves that it wasn't himself that made him become this monster.<BR>1996, an election year, comes pounding into the eardrum illustrating the empowering antics of the new leader. &quot;This is where you faith ends!&quot; he howls as the others scream along with him, doing his bidding. This is the highest point of his power.<BR>Things begin to slow down and turn the other cheek in THE MINUTE OF DECAY in the aftermath of all the carnage. Nothing is left and he might as well go down to, but not unless he can take anyone remaining with him.<BR>The final storm hits with THE REFLECTING GOD chronicling his escape and his revelation that the only God that ever was was him himself. He shall give himselfor anyone left &quot;no salvation, no forgiveness&quot;<BR>The epilogue MAN THAT YOU FEAR then settles it all down to a bittersweet ballad in the message that it can happen again. In the end, the boy that you love could always be the &quot;man that you fear.&quot; Don't make the same mistakes.<BR>The emotional rollercoaster comes to an end with 5 minutes, and 80 tracks of silence followed by TRACK 99, an electronic reminding, or is it plea from the Antichrist. Is he really gone?<BR>This album i believe did much more than try to sell records, it did, in Manson's artistic and fascinated mind, try and make an apocolyptic rock and roll story to try and show us the wrongs and rights of our modern-day society. However you decide to interpret is up to you, but to just at least listen to this album and actually think about what you're hearing.
B00004ZD69|4.0|What makes this album great is also its greatest flaw: the ambitious length of the songs.  I'm all for pushing the boundaries of music, regardless of genre, so don't get me wrong.  I plan on revisiting this album many times in the future.  However, patience and free time are required for the full appreciation of this galactic creation.  Some of the sound samples are interesting, eccentric, annoying, and provocative.  While the instrumentation is awe-inspiring at times and echoes within infinite space.  Waxing rhapsodic is not a normal reaction for me so take my comments semi-seriously.  This is an admirable effort and worthy of recognition.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Tool frontman Maynard James Keenan's alter ego band, A Perfect Circle, is really starting to come into their own.  Their debut album, \\"Mer de Noms\\", was an excellent piece of music, but still, it had the feel of a band that wasn't quite yet used to playing together.  Some of the songs were stellar, and some just didn't quite feel right.  However, the band's sophomore release, \\"The Thirteenth Step\\", is a huge leap forward, in every possible way.<br />Musically, this album contains a bit more Tool aspects than \\"Mer de Noms\\".  It's heavier, more intricate, and a bit more epic.  However, this isn't just Tool Number 2.  The music evokes a much different feel than that of Tool.  It's more elegant, more melodic, more beautiful.  As I mentioned before, the album does get pretty heavy in a few places, but overall, it's very peaceful and atmospheric.<br />There is a whole lot going on here, and it really draws you in.  The musicians all work together to create dense atmospheres of stunning music.  Billy Howerdel is just a fantastic guitarist, with an exemplary ear for melody.  Whether he's cranking out a crunching riff, or a soothing melody, he never misses his mark.  New bassist Jeordie White (you may also know him as \\"Twiggy\\", Marilyn Manson's former bassist) makes a good first impression, adding an extra layer of density with his commanding basslines.  Josh Freese is amazing, as always, upping the complexity a bit from the last album, but always keeping it perfectly tasteful and elegant.  And of course, Maynard is never anything but incredible.  He has long been accredited as one of modern rock's greatest singers, and he churns out yet another stellar performance here.<br />The album begins with \\"The Package\\", the longest song here.  It starts with some odd percussion noises, with Maynard's subdued vocals slowly creeping in.  The song starts out slow and simple, finally building into a powerful, heavy dirge.  At first, it seems like a bit of a  slow way to start the album (generally, you want it to grab you right away), but after a few listens, it kind of makes more sense.<br /> From here, the album only gets better.  \\"Weak and Powerless\\" is catchy and melodic, with a great chorus, \\"Vanishing\\" and \\"The Noose\\" are soft and majestic, with some very subtle and beautiful instrumentation, and some eerie and mesmerizing vocals.  \\"The Outsider\\" is probably the most \\"Tool-esque\\" thing here, with a crunching a riff, and a more aggressive vocal delivery.  \\"Pet\\" is a kind of dynamic piece, with more heavy riffage, some very nice melodic interludes, and even an epic guitar solo.  It's pretty catchy, too.  \\"Crimes\\" and \\"Lullaby\\" are short drum-and-bass interludes, the latter featuring some wordless female vocals, to add a nice effect.  \\"The Nurse Who Loved Me\\" is a really bizarre ballad, with some lulling string arrangements, and kind of odd lyrics.  There's something really weird about the song that I can't quite put my finger on.  It has this tranquil, calm-inducing effect, sort of like painkillers setting in, and combined with the lyrics (which appropriately seem to be about a mental patient falling in love with the nurse who brings him his medication), it's kind of surreal.  I don't know, you just gotta hear it.  The album ends with \\"Gravity\\", which is soft and ethereal. Great vocals here, and a very nice way to wrap things up.<br />Anyway, this is a really beautiful and well-orchestrated release.  It is without a doubt one of Maynard's crowning achievements, easily ranking alongside \\"Aenima\\" and \\"Lateralus\\", and like those two masterpieces, simply describing it can never do justice to actually listening to it yourself.  Every serious music fan should buy this right away.  No matter your tastes, there is a good chance you'll be satisfied.  And, if you want something that offers a similar experience, I recommend checking out a band called Sigur Ros.<br />(Btw, don't worry if this doesn't hook you right away.  Like most of Maynard's work, it takes a few spins to fully sink in.), it takes a few spins to fully sink in.)
B00005RHGK|4.0|It would seem that the Horror genre has nothing left to offer other than more cheesy &quot;Leprechaun&quot; films and low-budget gorefests directed at young teenage boys.  Then along comes this movie with a very corny title and I think to myself &quot;Why am I putting this into my DVD player?&quot;  Twenty minutes into the film I was smiling with relief and jumping with tension.  The first half of this movie has inspired direction influenced by the likes of Stephen Spielberg(Duel) and the cult director Sam Raimi's &quot;Evil Dead&quot; films.  There are genuine scares and some fun camerawork for about 45 minutes....then the movie becomes a bloody X-files episode.  I was seriously expecting Mulder and Scully to show up at any moment, Scully's intro into the scene: &quot;Excuse me, sir.  We're Federal agents investigating the strange stories reported recently.&quot;  While the second half of the movie isn't bad it seemed like the director just wanted to wrap things up and hope for a call saying United Artists wanted to back a sequel.  Part 2 is on video as I write this.  Still, this movie has more pinache than most horror films and is certainly worth a look.
0930289331|5.0|I didn't want to get this graphic novel. I honestly didn't. I had a lot of faith in Daredevil and of course, what Frank Miller did for the series, but at no point did I have interest in the Batman comics (I did like Batman in the movies, and the animated series and whatnot, though). <br />I'm not going to rant about Frank Miller's genius story and Mazzucchelli's lively artwork, but at one point the characters in the comic, are no longer drawn characters in a comic. They're human. Even Batman. You see the insecurity and confusion that Bruce Wayne suffers from before he becomes the crimefighter we know him as. You see James Gordon, living with high morals in a city where that is unheard of. <br />The one thing I hate about this book, is that you won't find another like it.
B00006RCSR|5.0|I was never a big fan of Drew Barrymore, but I found this movie very entertaining and her performance quite good.  It may be considered more of a &quot;chick flick,&quot; especially considering the whole Cinderella angle.  It's one of the few movies I've purchased and have loaned to friends, all of whom have really liked it.
B0000E6I1J|5.0|Beautiful ! <BR>Thanks most of all to Mr Eric Clapton. He must have been the stronger force in bringing out such extra-&quot;soul&quot; and &quot;redemption&quot; from the other performers. <BR>The songs are really George`s best, and have been adapted with extreme care and good taste, without losing their original character. It looked like it was almost a Beatles reunion. <BR>There have been so many versions of &quot;Something&quot; through the years, but this one Paul &amp; Eric duo is absolutely the one closer to heaven ! I suspect they had never been the best of friends, but what an amazing duo they can be!<BR>This is one of those live concerts where a CD is not a fair option. The DVD is the &quot;must-have&quot; item. Besides all the emotional and musical aspects, this DVD is also an example of outstanding production and direction of a live concert.<BR>One last thought: John, Paul, George and Ringo playing live together now, probably at their peak-form in many aspects. The toppermost of the poppermost. Only in heaven. Isn`t it a pity ?
0385504209|1.0|I am not an expert on the historical backdrop of the book. Even if one were to assume that the background the author provides is accurate, the book itself is very poorly written. The book feels like watching a really bad action movie. Each chapter in the book is approximately two pages in length. Furthermore, successive chapters are different threads in the plot. This leads to disruptions in your thought process.<br />In my opinion, the hype surrounding this book is unwarranted and the book is certainly not worth a read.
0385507755|5.0|I am absolutely dumfounded by the 1000 top reviewers remarks on this incredible book. I am also furious with the idiot who says he or she has lost respect for amazon. GET A LIFE! James Frey tells HIS story, no-one elses...and you cant criticise a persons truth!!!!! SO WHAT if he had it all going for him, we are supposed to know, those of us at least who have a first hand knowledge of addiction, that the disease of alcoholism and drug addiction goes across the board when it comes to who it afflicts.....it is NOT PECULIAR to any particluar race, creed or social status. For GOD SAKES its an illness...does cancer only take those who can deal with it...or who have all the support they need, does it take only those with nothing to lose, does it take only the elderly or evil? i think NOT. so button it, miss bigot 2004! James Frey tells it like it was for him, take it or leave it...did she read it to the end...if so why? she reminds me of those people who watch sex and violence on t.v. and then spend all their free time calling the t.v. station to complain. WHY DONT YOU JUST SWITCH OFF THE T.V.? I have passed this book around to a lot of people who were profoundly moved by it. i have reordered a signed copy because i admired the authors honest account of his dislike of A.A. I myself am an alcoholic and have been sober at writing this review for almost 8 months. I owe it to my strength to stop, to God for showing me my options and to A.A. for constantly re-inforcing my desire to stay sober one day at a time. So why arent i pissed at J.F. for trashing A.A.? Because the man is etitled to his opinion thats why. So PLEASE to anyone reading this review, look beyond the bias of those who wrote bad reviews and keep in mind this is not a badly written novel...it is not even badly written...it is how James Frey dragged his ass out of the gutter and found a way back. I consider myself blessed to have read it.
B00005JM02|1.0|Kind of hard to believe this is the highest grossing DVD ever. I had heard all of the hype about this movie and had to check it out for myself. I thought &quot;Wow, if this is the highest grossing DVD ever, then it must be something special&quot;...What I found was typical, Hollywoood, Formulatic fodder for the kiddies. Great movie for the kids...horrible for adults. You see, Shrek, Toy Story, and even Bugs Life can be enjoyed by both kids and adults..that's what makes those movies so great. This movie is just, well, boring. Sorry, I don't get it.<BR>I would have liked it better if Nemos dad's voice had been different. I can only take that guys voice for about 2 minutes! But throughout the entire movie he is yelling and screeching and whining and it really gets OLD! Also, just a question, why is it that in just about EVERY animated movie or commercial we have to listen to character that has an accent from New York or Boston or some place back east? Why? I even saw a commercial where there was a talking Tomato with an accent from New York. Well at least we aren't forced to listen to cartoon characters with a Texas accent because that would really do me in!<BR>Anyways, pick up this movie for the little ones, they will watch it over and over...and Pixar knows this....
B00008PX8P|5.0|As being a classic rock fan in the new year 2004 their are many new CDs and DVDs of classic rock bands for example Jimi Hendrix his family coperation Experience Hendrix has brought his music back to live. Led Zeppelin back in the day signed with Atlantic Records to release Led Zeppelin 1, 2, 3, 4, and etc. Led Zeppelin grew populaur from their live shows not their hits as a matter of a fact Led Zeppelin never had a hit never wanted a hit. Zep wanted to take their music into a differnt direction and they did. I have listened to all the Zep albums out their and when you start to listen  from their first album to their last you can see alot of improvement in their music. Zeppelin were one of those bands that had all the best musicians including their legendary singer Robert Plant, their bassman John Paul Jones, their powerful drummer John Henry Bonham, and their guitarist Jimmy Page. When I saw their was a new relase from Atlantic I was very excited. I bought the Led Zeppelin DVD the first day it came out at Fye and the price was around 29$ very expensive (look at the price they have for it at amazon wow go buy it ). It was 5 hours of music that really shook you all night long. The first disc is live at the royal albert hall 1970 Led Zeppelin had just started their career not too long ago. They played an OUTSTANDING performence with I Cant Quit You Baby, Dazed And Confused, What It Is And What Should Never Be, Moby Dick, Communcation Breakdown, Whole Lotta Love, etc. Also the extras include Communication Breakdown Promo, Danmarks Radio, Supershow, and Tous En Scene. <br />Going from the second DVD you can see the band has made it the crowd loves them. It starts off with Immigrant Song then goes to Madison Square Garden. I think the Madison Square Garden is 100% better than the orginal The Song Remains The Same with killer performences like Black Dog, Misty Mountain Hop, Since I've Been Loving You, and The Ocean. Then an interesting Earls Court with alot of acoustic stuff then goes into the rock stuff like In My Time Of Dying ( wow cool performence ), and Trampled Underfoot, and the legendary song StairWay To Heaven. Then their is the most famous concert that Zep ever performed at KNEBWORTH 79 this was one of their last tours before Bonham died. I have seen differnt concert footage from KNEBWORTH that was junk the picture quality was all messed up but when I saw the KNEBWORTH on this DVD I was amazed the picture quality is the best wow. And the tracks from KNEBWORTH are Rock And Roll, Nobody's Fault But Mine, Sick Again, Achillies Last Stand, In The Evening, Kashmir, and Whole Lotta Love. The bonus features on the second disc are NYC Press Conference, Down Under, The Old Grey Whistle Test, and Promos. I have read alot of articles in guitar magazines about this DVD and how page found all the footage and you have to reliaze Jimmy Page did not just throw a collection together he took alot of time to give the fans the best Led Zeppelin performence ever and I thank him for that. This is worth 1,000 Stars it represents the starting point and the turning point of Led Zeppelin. I have never been to one of their concerts but I wish I would have. Without little more to say this is the best Led Zeppelin anyone will ever get > a must have buy this on amazon for a great price and Enjoy!!!
B00005YUNY|3.0|Having seen both Symphonic Live and early 70's video Yessong it is interesting to compare them. First plusses of symphonic live: sound and picture quality is excellent, recorder in Amsternam in 2001 with youth orcherstra. And the finally play Gates of Delirium which is IMHO maybe the first or second best Yes song (other is Starhip Trooper). Both are seen which is excellent. Minuses: too many of them. Very boring newer songs, horrifick Owner of the lonely heart that tells about lack of musiclal understaning of newer Yes and above all, clinical and dry performance. Especially once great Stewe Howe is like risen from the grave, playing correctly but acting like a mummy. Very disapointing, and his guitar solo is laughable. In summary Yes guys are old, a bit tired men (the only one that impresses is the singer John Anderton, otherwise band looks and sounds tired.<BR>IHMO Yessong, recorder 1974, is much better concert despite pooor sound and picture quality.
B000002J09|1.0|This album and &quot;stairway to heaven&quot; have been &quot;grady littled&quot; by classic rock stations for years.
B000001F8A|3.0|This is typical worse Rush album full of mediocre songs. Only two first songs (Spirit of Radio and Freewill) are very good songs.There are much better Rush albums, if you buy this you might well regret it later. IMHO there is no sense to buy a whole album for the sake of two great songs. A disappointment.
B00006WUWN|5.0|Haven seen both the first Man Of Mystery, the second The Spy Who Shagged Me and this lsat installment.  I can say that this is the funniest of all three.  Two new characters are introduced in this film Austin's Dad Nigel Powers, and Foxy Cleopatra.  The jokes in this last movie made a lot more sense to me and tickled me more than the entire second Austin Powers movie did, espeically the part with The Osbournes and the outtakes on the end of the DVD.  The second movie was awful but this one put some life back into Austin Powers.
B00000DOZ7|4.0|If you haven't heard ever old Yes albums, this is the right album to start with. Album is easily accesible, not so progressive like Close to the edge. However Yes Album has just one great song (Starship trooper), two good songs (Yours is no disgrace and I've seen all good people) and rest is mediocre stuff. This may sound harsh (especially compared to endless praise elswere in this pages) but I have heard all Yes classics and this is not their best album, far from it. But defenetively must one to hear and start your Yes prog adventure.
B00005JMCT|5.0|American Wedding is outrageously funny.Finally you can get this amazing film on a great DVD.With great features including a behind the scenes documentary,the American Wedding DVD is a perfect gift for others as well as yourself.While I deeply miss Vicky,Nadia,Jessica,Heather,Oz,The Sherminator,I really give it to the writers of this film for creating a total hilarious blast for everyone.If u want to own the funniest film of the decade,get American Wedding January 2,2004!
6305076995|4.0|Here we have classic Yes as it best, recorded in 1974. Minus side is poor sound (mono!) and picture quality. But how they play and perform is amazing, especially compared to Symphonick Live in Amsterdam 2001 (please see my review of that concert DVD). In Yessongs band it as its best, playing fiercly, Stewe Howe showing his guitar virtuous and Andertong also very good.<BR>The concert is shorter than is Symphonic Live but that concert included new poor songs and poor Howe guitar solo. Yessong is so much more dynamic concert, band playing like prog classic band should play which is why I allow 4 stars despite poor quality of the music and picture. If they would have played beautiful Gates of Delirium I would have given five stars. That song is the only better song in Symphonic live concert compared to ths very dynamic show. If you want to see Yes as their best, sounding and acting like true prog classic please choose this DVD is steand of dry and boring Symphonic live.
B00005RHGK|3.0|I liked &quot;Jeepers Creepers&quot;,it wasnt the same as every horror movie but wasnt different if you know what i mean,it was interesting and i do recommend it. Its scary,you should buy it!<BR>Its about a brother and sister who are coming home for summer break from college when they see a black figure dumping a &quot;dead body&quot; down a pipe hole,the creature chases them and trys to run them off the road,after that happens they go inspect the pipe,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,and and and well sorry thats the best part you will have to buy it and see for yourself. Its good!
B000002UW1|3.0|This is typical pre-grand success REM album: full of mediocre songs. Only two hit songs are great (It is the end of the world as we know it and The one I love). Although I am big REM fan I wonder how people here can give five stars to this album. There are so much better album from the band, IMHO Up is their best album without any mediocre songs. And Document is fine too.
0793509602|5.0|pros<BR>-------<BR>-the book is in tabs<BR>-ALOT of exercises<BR>-work at your own pace<BR>-points you directly to rock and metal<BR>-cd that plays everything for you, including the six solos you'll learn<br />cons<BR>-------<BR>-must have at least one year of guitar experience.
B00005KARK|4.0|&quot;Dumbo&quot; is the delightful tale of a floppy-eared elephant who comes into his own when he realizes, with the aid of a mouse, that he can fly. Filled with Uncle Walt's masterful gifts of storytelling and memorable music, this is a genuine treasure that, no matter your age, will leave you tune-filled and tappin'. Oh, for those new to the film, for the scene in which Dumbo's mother is imprisoned...bring Kleenex. Coupled with the song, 'Baby Mine', it's truly heart-breaking.<BR>TRANSFER: Outstanding. A rich and vibrant animated picture that completely captures the spirit and vitality of the subject. There is a bit of film grain present and some minor age related artifacts. Also, some edge enhancement does crop up now and then - but these do not detract from the visual presentation. Colors are solid and vibrant. Contrast levels are bang on. The audio has been remastered and remixed and is very nicely spread out over all your speakers.<BR>EXTRAS: A making-of, some short subjects and a theatrical trailer. All-in-all, great good fun.<BR>BOTTOM LINE: &quot;Dumbo&quot; is a family classic. It sparkles with the kind of innocence and mastery of the craft of animation that is sadly lacking in Disney's current crop of feature films.
0425173755|4.0|The Murder on the Orient Express is a great mystery book.  Perroit interrogates everyone on the train.  If you like Agatha Christie books, you'll love this.  The ending has a really awesome twist that you'll never expect.  If you enjoy this book, I urge you to definitely read And Then There Were None.
B000002MTR|4.0|I want to know what everyone's problem with this CD not being 'the Chili Pepper's style'.  The Chili Peppers have never had a set style and they never wanted a set style.  They are constantly changing and if you think about that this CD fits in perfectly with what they have been doing for 20 years now.  This CD is amazing, not one of my favorites, but nonetheless it was a rockin' time for RHCP.  They hit it big with many songs on this CD and all that matters is that they keep making music and changing the world.
0312979479|5.0|And Then There Were None id s great book, and my favorite Agatha Christie.  It will keep you guessing from start to finish.  The book is very suspenseful, and I know you will enjoy reading it.  If you are looking for a good mystery, this is a must read.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|While Train of Thought may not be my favorite by Dream Theater, it features some really great work. The album is a lot heavier and darker sounding than previous albums. Petrucci's guitar playing is incredible, with awesome, powerful riffs and solos. The final track, In the name of God, features some of the best guitar playing on the album along with a kickass solo. <BR>Some people may dislike how LaBrie's lighter sounding voice doesn't fit well with the heavier music, however i still love his vocals and think the contrast is interesting. You may notice that Jordan's keyboard playing has been toned down a little, as most of the album features John Petrucci's guitar playing. However, Jordan still adds to the sound with his amazing technical skill and comes through with some great solos. Portnoy and Myung give a great effort as well. <BR>While the album may not be their best, I was very happy with Train of Thought.
0807282375|5.0|The third and best book in the trilogy.  The book is very serious and not as \\"nice\\" as the first.  With very intense situations, Lyra and Will have even more adventures than in the first two.  You will love the dramatic ending to the novel, and will make no book look as good as these.
B000002JPA|5.0|This is by far my favorite Dream Theater album, which is saying a lot seeing as how i am a huge fan of all their work. When i first bought the album, i wasn't sure what to think as i had never really listened to this type of music before. My first listen left me thinking that the album was cheesy. However, i quickly fell in love with it. Every single song, from the opener Pull Me Under to the closing Learning to Live is incredible. I am blown away at Dream Theater's talent everytime i listen to this album. However, this type of music may not be for everyone. If you have listened to any dream theater and enjoyed it, i would strongly suggest listening to Images and Words. If you have never listened to Dream Theater before, I would suggest starting with Scenes From A Memory, which is easier to get into and will give you a good idea of what Dream Theater is all about.
0440416027|4.0|A beautifully executed book.  The characters are not only believable, but easy to empathize with.  This book is filled with short chapters that some intermediate readers will appreciate.  In this book, much of the plot hinges on the existence of Skellig (a bird man dying in a dusty garage) as well as the protagonist's dying baby sister.  Interestingly, the author is in no hurry to return to the Skellig's plot only.  A lot of time is spent by the narrator with his parents, at school, or in the hospital.<br />Introducing the character of Mina, a homeschooled little girl, the author's consistent use of the poems of William Blake works well and is never overdone.  I have known a lot of little girls just like Mina herself.  Precocious but not precious and full of interesting ideas.  Even the character of Skellig himself is beautifully rendered here.  There are plenty of children's books in which the narrator finds a pet or a person and nurtures them to health, but this one is especially interesting.  Special points to the author for never saying exactly what Skellig is.  A strong book all around.
B00005UKE0|5.0|ALL THIGS MUST PASS IS NOT AS GOOD AS CLOUD 9 BUT IT IS BETTER THEN THE OREGANAL VERSION AND HIS SOLOS BRAINWASHED AND  THE TRIBUTE FOR GEORGE CONCERT FOR GEORGE
0767812166|5.0|This film is simply impossible not to like.  Jeff Bridges is unforgettable as an alien from an incomparably advanced race who is stranded on Earth (after taking human form) and seeking to return to his own civilization, and his excellent performance as such earned him an Oscar nomination.  He really gets into the role, and plays it to perfection.  His gestures and mannerisms as the alien trying to understand human beings are uncannily plausible.  Karen Allen is also superb in her role as an ordinary human being caught up in the struggle between Bridges, seeking to escape the Earth, and those darned nasty Big Government agents who fear the alien and seek to capture and destroy him.  Darned gummint, isn't that just like them?<br />There are few special effects in the movie, and none are needed--this is a movie that gets through by sheer excellent storytelling and wonderful acting by Bridges and Allen.  It manages to be touching without being sappy, and although our human government is viewed as being narrow-minded and overly paranoid, the alien in the end forms a high and joyous opinion of mankind, which I found uplifting and optimistic.<br />Well worth watching and owning.
B00006LSM3|3.0|BRAINWASHED IS NOT AS GOOD AS RINGO STARR'S RINGO RAMMA BUT IS BETTER THEN PAUL MCCARTNEY'S DRIVING RAIN
B0000CEB4V|5.0|The Concert for George DVD was a great preformance with great artists. It's not everyday you can see Paul, Ringo, Eric Clapton, Billy Breston, Ravi Shankar, Tom Petty, and Jeff Lynne preforming toghter. George would be impressed, and so was I. The sound and visual quality was outstanding and I could'nt miss a thing. For Beatle fans this is a must.
B00005QZWI|5.0|There were few music genius composers in my list like James Horner (composer of Titanic, A Beautiful Mind, Bicentennial Man, The Mask Of Zoro, Braveheart etc.) &amp; Hans Zimmer (composer of the soundtracks of The Last Samurai, Gladiator, Pirates of the Caribbean, etc.) When I saw the first scene of the movie (Lord of the Rings - The Fellowship of the Rings), I decided to add the music composer to my list! I'm a big fan of orchestral music and vocals. This music makes you feel the moments of the journey to Middle Earth that the fellowship of the rings had to go through, starting from the soft music in the Shire, to the emotional moments between Aragorn &amp; Arwen, and to the dreadful sensation that evil was so close to achieving its goal.<br />ALL of the music are worth listening to, esp. the ones with the vocals e.g. The Prophecy, The Treason Of Isengard, A Knife In The Dark, Flight To The Ford, The Council Of Elrond, The Bridge Of Khazad Dum, Lothlorien, The Great River. I also loved the (Breaking of the Fellowship), which reflects the will to pursue &amp; true friendship . I could listen to the soundtrack many times during the day, and still the amuzement does not fade away!<br />The addition of of the song (May it be) performed by Enya was a great touch! The song reflected the main theme of the first part of the Lord of the Rings. I started to listen to Enya after that song.<BR>I noticed that some music were not incorporated in the Extended DVD version like the music of the (Great River), but it was part of the ordinary DVD movie.<br />Great Work Mr. Shore. ur work speaks for itself! This is a must-have-on-your-shelf soundtrack CD in addition to the original movie. 5/5.
0783225970|5.0|My mom loves this movie, she said it was so good, but I didnt believe her cause she says boring movie are good.Well it played on T.V and I got in to it, when the movie was over, I wanted to watch it again.My fav part of this movie is when the Cubians are trying to break into his room, and he gets his gun and says &quot;SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND&quot; and blows up the door with the peaple.This movie is really worth watching, dont be fooled bout the peaple that says this movie sux, if it sux how come the ratings for it are off the charts.Get the movie, get the DVD.
B000089RVX|4.0|One of the most successful albums of 2003 was &quot;Fallen,&quot; the debut from the new rock sensation outfit Evanescence. The hard work has obviously paid off, as this album has gone multi-platinum in the States, and topped the UK charts for weeks on end. Now I wouldn't usually be into this kind of music, but my styles are changing as I become older. The band are different in that a female sings lead on most of the songs that the band perform. Amy Lee is this lead singer, and she possesses a beautiful and haunting voice that has a certain creepiness to it. Her voice is incredibly powerful and just touches something inside you, and for this alone, Evanescence are a great band. Her voice complements the music very well, and it's hard to imagine it any other way.<br />The overpour of tripe like Linkin Park these past few years has narrowed my opinions on this genre of music, but Evanescence have opened my eyes again. They're not the best band in the world - far from it, but they make some pretty refreshing music which is why they have become so popular. Of course thousands of teenagers are going to latch onto this band because they're 'in' and 'cool,' but there's nothing that can be done about that. Enjoy the music, strip away the stereotype and just keep it real.<br />Fallen is a rather short album, with just eleven tracks, the first of which is the second single &quot;Going Under.&quot; The song has a brilliant opening, and Amy's vocals are extremely professional alongside some nifty guitar work from Ben Moody. It's a brilliant song to introduce the themes of the album, and what to expect for the remainder of your time listening to this. The next song is &quot;Bring Me To Life,&quot; the mammoth debut single and one of 2003's biggest hits. Topping the UK charts for a month, this anthem ripped its way into our lives and firmly became a classic, with a dramatic video to boot. The haunting piano, the stirring energy and the explosive chorus all swirl around and just strike the listener. It's a top choon, and one to really ice skate to! Trust me, I ice-skated to this in a city square and was really loving it! &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot; is a nice song, with the traditional heavy guitars but with some welcome strings at the beginning. It's deeply melodic and an album highlight. Should be a single. &quot;My Immortal,&quot; the third single, is an incredibly beautiful ballad that pulls at all the right heartstrings. Amy's voice stands out once more, but the video version with the rocky bridge is much better. &quot;Haunted&quot; starts off in a haunting manner, funnily enough. It reminds of those gothic horror films, and the beeps that infiltrate the song before each chorus are particularly memorable.<br />&quot;Tourniquet&quot; is one of the album's duds. It has a swifter beat than most of the other songs, which doesn't quite work as well, but the guitars save it from become a totally disaster. &quot;Imaginary&quot; starts off with a violin section, which carries on in the background as the song switches modes from classical to heavy rock. The singing begins, and a piano plays behind hitting all the right notes. &quot;Taking Over Me&quot; is another great track with some interesting lyrics. Amy's vocals stand out once more on this. &quot;Hello&quot; is one of the slower songs on the album. Although not as good as the slow song four tracks before, it still does its job and fits in between the dark and gothic moody feel on the album. &quot;My Last Breath&quot; is not one of my favourites. You can't hum along to it, and it doesn't have much of a beat to keep you interested. &quot;Whisper&quot; closes the album and thankfully in a good way. Amy starts her singing very much like she did in the first track and the beat is twisted and rolling like a roller coaster.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 7/10<br />Evanescence have created a rather solid debut album with Fallen. This isn't a fantastic album. All the singles that have been released so far havebeen superb, but a few of the other album tracks leave quite a bit to be desired for. I have to admit that I came to this album expecting every song to be brilliant, because of a lot of the reviews and the singles released from it. I was let down a bit, but it just means there's room for improvement in the sophomore release, which will be sometime this year I imagine. The album has a dark depressing feel running through it for most of the time, which is reflected in the album's art work. The cover is great, and the picture in the middle of the inlay of the blue/black is fantastic too. I recommend this album if you want to listen to something different than most of the other junk on the music scene at the moment, but don't just buy it if you want to fit in with your mates.e been superb, but a few of the other album tracks leave quite a bit to be desired for. I have to admit that I came to this album expecting every song to be brilliant, because of a lot of the reviews and the singles released from it. I was let down a bit, but it just means there's room for improvement in the sophomore release, which will be sometime this year I imagine. The album has a dark depressing feel running through it for most of the time, which is reflected in the album's art work. The cover is great, and the picture in the middle of the inlay of the blue/black is fantastic too. I recommend this album if you want to listen to something different than most of the other junk on the music scene at the moment, but don't just buy it if you want to fit in with your mates.
B000099T2L|5.0|This album was great! Better than I had expected. I could listen to it time and time again.<BR>1) Crazy in Love~ 5/5<BR>2) Naughty Girl~ 5/5<BR>3) Baby Boy~ 5/5<BR>4) HIp HOp Star~ 3/5<BR>5) Be WIth You~ 5/5<BR>6) Me, Myself and I~ 4/5<BR>7)Yes~ 4and a half/5<BR>8) Signs~ 3/5<BR>9) Speechless~5/5<BR>10) That's How you like it~ 5/5<BR>11) The closer I get to you~ 4/5<BR>12)Dangerously in Love PArt 2~ 4/5<BR>13) Beyonce Interlude (very pretty) 5/5<BR>14) Gift From Virgo~ 3/5<BR>15) (bonus track) Daddy~ 5/5<BR>There you have it. Congrats B!!!
B0000508U6|5.0|The year 2000 saw the release of &quot;Parachutes,&quot; the debut album from the British rock band Coldplay. Critics hailed it as one of the greatest albums for a good few years, and I am in total agreement. It's been three and a half years since this album came out, and it's still selling lots. The singles are still getting radio airplay, and this is because - however 'depressing' Coldplay's music is - it appeals to a mass audience of people who can relate to it. Parachutes was one of 2000's top albums in the UK, and was No.1 for weeks and weeks. It's not hard to see why when you have Chris Martin on vocals.<br />His voice is so full of passion and raw undiluted emotion that you can't help but be touched by what he sings. It makes you listen to the words, and identify with his topics. Along with the touching piano solos and gentle guitar melodies, Coldplay already developed their signature style with this debut album.<br />Parachutes opens with the beautiful &quot;Don't Panic.&quot; It's the perfect song to open the album, and is swift and brief. At just over two minutes long, it sees Martin swoop in and capture the listener. The words, the melodies and the guitars are all perfectly co-ordinated to make for an instant album highlight. &quot;Shiver,&quot; Coldplay's debut single, entered the UK charts at No.35 in March 2000. It's a brilliant and simple up-tempo pop song, with a jangly guitar and an anthemic chorus that you can sing along to. The bridge is the highlight. &quot;Spies&quot; is a slow and moving ballad. It's not the best song on the album, but it's still great. I don't understand the lyrics really, but that doesn't distract from the quality of this song and its production.<br />&quot;Sparks&quot; slows the album right down to an almost dead-end pace. No, not to a pace where the album becomes dire, but a slow pace in terms of singing and melodies. It's an incredible song, which sees Coldplay doing what they do best - producing soothing and moving songs that everyone can relate to. &quot;Yellow&quot; is easily the most popular song on the album, and with good reason. The guitars on this song are practically legendary amongst music critics, and the lyrics are just so perfect to sing along to. This is an anthem in Britain. Anywhere they perform this song, you can guarantee that everyone will be jumping up and down to it. It peaked at No.4 in the UK in July 2000 and was the second single ever from Coldplay.<br />&quot;Trouble&quot; was the third single from Coldplay. It peaked at No.10 in the UK, and didn't exactly do very well on the charts. It did, however, become one of those songs which everyone loved, and bought the album because of it. Many regard it as a classic, and it got so much radio airplay. &quot;Parachutes&quot; is up next. It's just a simple interlude less than a minute in length. This is then followed by &quot;High Speed.&quot; This is not a favourite by many people, but I like to differ. I think it's a great song with a brilliant chorus and a wonderful melody. &quot;We Never Change&quot; is another one of my favourites. It's one of the slowest songs on the album and doesn't really have much of a beat or tune, but the chorus is so memorable. &quot;Everything's Not Lost&quot; closes the album, and in spectacular style. It's a fantastic ending to a fantastic album, with a wonderful looping tune that makes the song stand out.<br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br />Parachutes was one of the greatest albums of 2000. The vocal qualities of Chris Martin were so new and different, that everyone just latched on and went with the flow. Coldplay are now undoubtedly Britain's biggest band and one of the world's most respected and praised acts of recent years. This is an essential debut album, but not as good as their second album, 2002's &quot;A Rush Of Blood To The Head.&quot; Now that album is truly a masterpiece. There isn't a bad song on it, and it saw Coldplay's popularity go global with Grammy awards to boot. All inall both albums are essential for fans of proper music, but Parachutes should be the one you get first.all both albums are essential for fans of proper music, but Parachutes should be the one you get first.
0385504209|3.0|I admit I couldn't put the book down. It challenged my assumptions about religion, about art history, about women's place in the world, but it did not engage me emotionally. The plot and the premise keep your interest, but the main protagonists barely register as human beings on the page. I was barely interested in their fate at the end of the book. Mr. Brown is better with his villains, he gives them motivation and meaning that he denies the main characters.<br />The premise of the book has led me to interesting conversations with fellow readers, and to further research on Mary Magdalene and Leonardo DaVinci. On that basis I would recommend the book as a good read and great conversation starter.
B00007GZR5|5.0|Letre ne sait jamais dont il est capable.<BR>En soit une source infinie le pousse vers la clairt.<BR>Ce film est lexpression de la lumire et du savoir de ceux qui connais sent le grand Amour. Il est vraiment unique<BR>Denise Zanola
B00005JL3A|5.0|This was a very good/well made movie. I am a BIG fan of the RE games, but i was a bit dissapointed that they mess with the story a bit, like Alice, all the commandos, the &quot;hive&quot;, and the &quot;Red Queen&quot;. The laser part was....ok i did like the beginning and the ending!!! it was one of the best movie endings! you just know there is going to be a RE2! I think this was a great game turned movie, and would recommend it to any horror fans!
0345440900|5.0|I love this book!  Tracy Hogg offers a down-to-earth, common sense, family-oriented approach to successfully adjusting to life with a baby.  Moreover, she offers easy-to-follow ways to fix bad habits that have already been put in place (with no &quot;crying it out&quot; suggestions).  Her help in interpreting baby cries and cues is truly priceless.  I would highly suggest this to anyone with a baby on the way or already at home.  Also, this would make a *perfect* baby shower gift!
0061015725|4.0|Michael Crichton ain't Shakespeare, but he turns out a pretty good techno-thriller.  In &quot;Prey&quot;, irresponsible scientists develop a swarm of microscopic &quot;nano&quot; robots that gets loose and turns mean.  Hijinks follow.  It's a quick and exciting read.  Just as &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; looked at the darker side of genetic engineering, so does &quot;Prey&quot; introduce us to nano-technology and give us reason to approach it with caution.  You could do worse for beach reading than Crichton's latest thriller.
0385484518|5.0|The book was so insightful, for it really made you think about your life and how you and your behavior is effecting your loved ones everyday.  It really opens your eyes to what is really important and how we ignore the most important things the most... one of life's ironies.  We leave this world with nothing, yet we strive our lives to get everything... to - leave it behind!  Why do we do it... and how we never realize what and why we are doing.  It is an eye opener and a must read for everyone... young, old, healthy, weak... we all need to wake up!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Fox canceled Firefly after airing only 11 of the 14 produced episodes, proving once again they really don't have a clue what viewers really want. I'm boycotting FOX until they bring the show back.<br />I got the complete season on DVD and love it! The price was great and is a great addition for any science fiction fan. Joss Whedon, creator of Buffy, created a classic. The actors are wonderful. Hopefully the show will not only make a comeback, but the feature film will be released soon and perhaps some books published. Move over Star Trek, there's a better science fiction series!
0140177396|5.0|Fantastic classic.  Everyone should read this book at least one time.
B00005JKJA|1.0|Ok im so confused on how this movie got five stars by EBERT!!!! from the Chicago sun times i was like wow! I rented the movie on DVD and was trying to stay awake. The movie is a complete mess! it really dosent make sense to me. I tried and tried to make sense of it but i really couldnt. Ebert said that the whole movie is a dream, but still its really boring and stupid and the lesbian sex scenes really didnt have to be in the movie....lol then ending was totaly confusing, and i couldnt wait till the movie was OVER!!! but i guess the only pro i can give the movie is the way it is visualy but thats about it. I wouldnt recomend it to anyone......really!
B00008PW2D|2.0|I love this show.  But what happened to Season 5?  The jokes, Carrie, less episodes - The show really went down-hill this season.
B000002KJQ|4.0|A premiere ZZ Top recording for sure.  These Texas dudes show a fine display of rock n roll and blues with as raw cool sound.  The four FM radio standard tracks Beer Drinkers And Hell Raisers, La Grange, Waiting For The Bus, and Jesus Just Left Chicago are all on here.  However, there are several hidden gems like the drivin' Move Me On Down The Line and the grafceful ballad Hot, Blue, and Righteous.  Sheik is a another raunchy blues number with compelling guitar licks and raunchy Billy Gibbons vocals.<br />I seem to like DeGuello a little bit more than this.  However, Tres Hombres certainly rates as ZZ Top's second best recording excluding greatest hits packages.  You will not be dissappointed.
1582432678|5.0|I would highly recommend this book.  I could not put it down for two days until I finished it late one night.  I closed the cover to the book and was amazed at the emotions it stirred in me.  As a mother, I looked deeply in to the meaning of this novel.  I have to say, that unlike other reviews here - I think labeling Kevin as a bad seed is missing the point.  In interviews with Lionel Shriver it seems that she is more pointing towards the fact that Kevin sensed that his mother was distant from day one.  Did she really love him?  Should she have ever even been a mother?  So many questions that cause you to think deeply while reading this book.  I must admit, I hated Eva (the mother) throughout it and kept seeing the damage she was causing her son.  To me - she kept seeing the worst in her son, and the consequences were horrifying.  It was disturbing, but an incredible read.  Purchase this book and you will not regret it.  Yes it is dark...but challenge yourself.
B00005JMGL|3.0|Peter Pan is ok. It isn't bad and it isn't good. There are no great things about this film other than the visual effects, which do not substitute for the flatness of the film and the lack of anything great. Jason Isaacs does an admirable job of portraying Captain Hook and Wendy's father.However, it isn't memorable enough to warrant seeing this film. While the movie does have its cute moments, they are few and far between.There have been better family films this year.
0446310786|5.0|Just finished this book two days ago.  I've read a lot of books, but this book is in a 3-way tie for the best book I've ever read.  Right up there with Ender's game and Ender's Shadow!
B000089RVX|5.0|I received this album for Christmas from my Aunt after much curiousity to if I would like this.  I was a bit skeptical, because the only song I had heard from this album was Track 7, &quot;Imaginary&quot;, which I downloaded.  I was really hooked to the song, so I figured that the other songs MUST be worth listening to.  I put it on my wish list, and got it.<br />After owning it for barely even 6 days I've probably listened to it well over 30 times.  I have almost all the lyrics to every song memorized by heart.  My favorite sentimental songs are &quot;My Immortal&quot; and &quot;Hello&quot;, both filled with the drive to make you think about the meaning.  From the rocking feel of &quot;Going Under&quot; (The last song they composed for Fallen), to the twisted thoughts of &quot;Tourniquet&quot;, to the fear of &quot;Whisper&quot;, this album has it all.<br />The lyrics are enclosed for every song which makes for a better understanding of the abience that the artist was trying to interpret.  Go out today and get yourself Evanescence's &quot;Fallen&quot;.  I guarantee you won't be sorry with the decision.
B00000DHRX|5.0|Despite the bomb he dropped on his carrer some years ago I think this CD is proof that the man is capable of great things. From the hip party jams through the funky-soul tracks right down to the soul searching ballads this collection will keep you captivated for the entire session. This is definatley worth the money for your music library.
B000002UDB|5.0|11 songs on this album,11 classic songs on this album... anybody who gives this less then 4 or 5 stars should really consider getting a lobotomy!!!
B00005JMCW|5.0|I don't care how old i get, i never loose my appreciation for a good Disney movie.  This is a great Disney movie.<br />Jamie and Lindsey are in top-form with comedic performances which are highlights of both their careers.  Basically, &quot;Freaky Friday&quot; takes a pretty normal teenage girl (lindsey) and a pretty typical older woman (Jamie), gives them and hour and a half, and just lets them make shameless fun of themselves.  Jamie is great at this (&quot;Oh my god, she's BLIND!&quot;), and Lindsey does pretty well too, especially considdering she's a beginner to acting.<br />I bought this movie that day it came out, because i knew i'd find myself watching it alot.  And i have.  It's been a couple weeks and i've already watched it 3 times.  I plan on keeping this one around for a long time.
6304383827|5.0|EMMA is more than just a beautiful film. It gave me the feeling that I was experiencing life inside a Jane Austen story.<br />In this film, Emma Woodhouse (Gwyneth Paltrow), a beautiful, but arrogant young woman interferes in the lives of her friends by attempting to play matchmaker. The great cast of characters all seem to live in the most splendid houses surrounded by gorgeous scenery. Set in Regency England, Emma thinks she always knows best and almost misses her own chance for romance.  <br />For some reason, I wasn't aware of this film when it first came out. I now plan to purchase copies that I'll use as gifts for several of my nieces.  Highly recommended.
B00005TT77|3.0|Being a long time Beatles fan, I didn't like this CD at first listen.  My wife bought it because she liked the movie.  She plays this in her car all the time so she eventually wore me down.  I can tolerate it now, in fact a few of the songs are quite good, but most, unfortunately, miss the mark.<br />While putting my thoughts together for this review I realized that I like many of the McCartney songs, but very few of the Lennon songs.  It's probably because I love John Lennon's voice, and could care less about Paul's.  Eddie Vedder's &quot;You've Got To Hide Your Love Away&quot; and Rufus Wainwright's &quot;Across the Universe&quot; are the only Lennon songs that I like.  &quot;Revolution&quot; by Grandaddy (whoever that is) is downright awful.<br />My favorite McCartney tunes on this CD are &quot;Two of us&quot; by Aimee Mann, Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Blackbird&quot;, and Ben Folds' &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot;.  In fact, Ben Folds captures McCartney's spirit perfectly, his turn at a Beatles tune is my favorite.<br />This was a great concept but it wasn't pulled off as well as it could have.  However, I believe it is worth your time to give it a listen, you may like it.
0156027321|2.0|This book is a nice fiction story of a boy who is castaway with some Zoo animals. Interesting point of view on Zoo animals and how animals and Humans can learn to live with each other. <br />However, I did not find it motivating at all. Will not help you if you are trying to find something which shakes you up and forces you to think about life.
0385504209|3.0|The subject matter that is contained within the pages of Mr. Brown's book is stellar. For most readers, it will be obvious that he spent an enormous amount of time researching material for his book.<br />And therein lies this author's problem. The story is not as much a story as it is a commercially-driven plot gimmick.  The chapters are rarely more than 4 pages a piece.  Sometimes, they are not even an entire page.  This is to take the reader's breath away, so that s/he feels as though the pace is &quot;lightening fast&quot; (to quote one of the glowing reviews from the back of the book).  Yet, this gimmick is incredibly annoying, especially when the intelligent reader knows that half of the time Mr. Brown's chapter breaks are entirely unnecessary and understands that Brown never lets his readers breathe.  For over 300 pages.<br />The characters are underdeveloped and the foreshadowing weak. At the end of the story, when the identity of &quot;The Teacher&quot; is revealed, along with one of the accomplices, Mr. Brown has to go back and explain to the reader the hows and whys of who did what, a la a &quot;Scooby Doo&quot; episode.<br />Yet, the information contained in the book is what propells Mr. Brown's story and saves it.  It's not a horrible book.  Just disappointing because this is interesting, historically accurate material...and Brown completely misses the mark by telling--not showing, the trademark of a good writer--his readers a loose, lazily written story.<br />But the information that drives the plot is fascinating.  If you don't mind gimmicks and commercial fiction, then by all means buy this book and enjoy.  But if you are interested in it solely because of the information it is based on, I suggest purchasing a piece of nonfiction that deals with the same material.  You'll skip the unessential stuff.<br />Fast-paced thriller, yes.  Intelligent...hmm, maybe in regards to research and time the author put into his book.  Good read? Probably. Good book? No.ok? No.
B0000E1ALR|4.0|Leaving out the songs that should have been on the first 2 discs<BR>(Starting with the other two songs from Side 2 of &quot;E Street Shuffle&quot;) I want to concentrate on the &quot;bonus disc&quot; of rarities of the last 2 decades. The best are &quot;The Big Payback&quot; (a rockabilly outtake from &quot;Nebraska&quot;),&quot;From Small Things&quot; (which believe it or not is bettered by Dave Edmunds;I'm a fan of both artists),&quot;Trapped&quot;(a live version of a Jimmy Cliff song released on the &quot;USA for Africa&quot; album), a cover of &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot;,the Oscar nominated &quot;Dead Man Walkin'&quot;,the hard rockin &quot;Code of Silence&quot;, and the acoustic &quot;Countin' On A Miracle&quot;.As for&quot;Held Up without A Gun&quot;, it reminds me a bit of &quot;You Can Look (But You Better Not Touch)&quot;...
B0000DYJM6|5.0|That's it, plan and simple.  Everyone should own this, it's a great buy from a great band, not to mention one of the only bands these days that would do something this great for their fans.
B000084T18|1.0|The hit &quot;in da club&quot; is the result of Dre's musical genius. 50 cent is just a puppet. 50 cent is not a good rapper. People like Dre and Nate Dogg are providing help to the new untalented goons in the rap business. Without them, these so-called artists would suck.
0780624890|5.0|Blade the film was awesome! Wesley Snipes rules!<br />Seriously, this is a good action flick with a real story and doesn't fall into all the traps that most films based on comics usually fall into. Blade was so popular with die-hard fans, that at one point, Joss Weldon considered using the character on one of his episodes of another vampire killer, Buffy The Vampire Slayer (they DID create a character named D.W. Woods that was patterned after Blade).<br />Back to the film, it is a great piece of work. After failing with Spawn, New Line redeemed itself with Blade!
B00003CX9E|1.0|I know I'm going to offend a lot of people by saying this, but, frankly, I found reading the reviews on this page much more entertaining than watching Citizen Kane.  I can just picture the fans hunting out the negative reviews and clicking &quot;No&quot;, and the rest clicking &quot;No&quot; on all the positive reviews.  While their are many well-written reviews here, both pro and con, most are merely attacks of other reviewers who disagree.  Clearly there is something I missed; how else could this be considered by so many to be the best film ever made.  I respect the opinion of those who disagree with me, but I thought this film was extremely tedious.  It's not because I'm too young or don't appreciate monochrome photography.  It's just that this movie failed to entertain me.  I'd much rather watch a movie I think deserves the credit Kane usually gets: The Best Years of Our Lives, Rebecca, Peter Ibbetson, Show People, or The Wizard of Oz (all but the last are black and white movies).  One reviewer recommended multiple viewings to appreciate Kane's greatness, but I don't think I could sit through it again.  My apologies.  I've decided to remain anonymous, lest I receive death threats or find that my sled has gone missing.<br />Oh, and I just wanted to thank the reviewer who informed the &quot;dumbass&quot; that movies weren't being made in color in 1941 for enlightening me.  I've been dining out on the notion that movies such as Gone With The Wind (1939), Whoopie (1930), and The Toll of the Sea (1922) were all filmed in Technicolor, but I must have been mistaken.  I'll have to rewatch these great black and white classics to reassure myself.
B0000DD7NL|2.0|This cd sounds like she had a hard time competing with her own first album. She is so talented and it does not show.
B00005JMCN|2.0|This film is full of animal abuse, and some of it even seemed to be encouraged by the writers. Breeding horses for the sole purpose of making money from racing them is just plain wrong. The acceptable practice of &quot;putting down&quot; or killing a horse after it is wounded is disgusting.<br />The only reason why I gave this movie 2 stars is because the acting was pretty good and it portrayed the story fairly accurately, from a historical perspective. But if you have any love for animals at all, you will not find this film very entertaining.
B00005JLXE|4.0|I have to agree with Mauricio J. Heilbron Jr, MD in that this film gets slammed more than it deserves. While nothing mind blowing, I have to say this story was better than Ang Lee's HULK. My only real knock on it is there was spots that should've been explained like how did Matt Murdock get through school and into college? Where did he live during that time between his lawyer/Daredevil days and the days after his father's death?    Still, I believe this film is the victim of the \\"Spider-Man\\" shadow. Don't get me wrong, I loved Spider-Man but it seems that every film based on a Marvel Character (with the exceptions of X-Men and Blade) gets compared to Spider-Man and I think that's so unfair. DD especially gets it because despite his own great history, most in the mainstream remember him as a on/off partner of the famous wallcrawler (though I would love if one day they did a film with those two teaming up).    Anyway, Ben Afflick is okay as Daredevil. Jennifer Garder did surprise me as Elektra. Colin Ferrel is excellent as Bullseye and Michael Clarke Duncan does a very believable Kingpin!     I recently bought the blu-ray version of this film and it is great! It features the director's cut of Daredevil (which is the superior version in my view) and all the special features from BOTH the original 2 disc theatrical release and the original director's cut release! This improved film along with the bonus features make this THE version of DD to own!    On the D.C. version, it goes from basically a hero looking for revenge for the death of his father and lover (Elektra) to a darker, more brooding anti-hero who seeks redemption. It also shows the Kingpin as more of a threat than the original theatrical release did and it features a subplot that makes the film make more sense and ties it together better! In one of the bonus features, it is revealed the reason the subplot was removed was for 1. time and 2. to make it PG-13 so that younger viewers could see it.     While I knowyou have to do what the studio wants (and it wanted a PG or PG-13 film), DD is best told as an R-rated type film. While he isn't The Punisher, he isn't Spider-Man either. I personally wish this would've been the film that would've gotten released.    Well, I digress and say that if you want to see this film and have a blu-ray player or a machine that plays blu-ray discs, GET THIS VERSION!
B0000DD7NL|5.0|I got this CD as soon as it was released because I was highly anticipating it, and I was not the least bit disappointed.  I loved Alicia's 1st album, but this one is much better.  I love and know the words to every song, but my favorites are &quot;If I Were Your Woman&quot;, &quot;If I Ain't Got You&quot;, &quot;Diary&quot;, &quot;Wake Up&quot;, and &quot;Slow Down&quot;.  Buy the album.  Trust me, you won't regret it.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|No disrespect intended to Mr. Williams, the great composer of movie classics, but Mr. Howard Shore has assumed the mantle of Composer Extraordinaire with his accomplishment of \\"The Return of the King\\", making him in my book the new king of soundtrack composers.  This music is absolutely moving at moments and epic at others (MAYBE BOTH!!!)  I am such a lover of good soundtracks for allowing us to revisit the movies through the inspiring music that is an integral part of them.  Howard Shore's masterpiece of a score here (actually all 3 movies of the Lord of the Rings music) is just as magnificent as Peter Jackson's trilogy altogether.  Get this CD-  it's one that will never collect dust on your shelf-  you'll be popping it into the stereo too much!<br />One more thing- I am such a fan of great,rousing music-  if you want something awesome to listen to while drivin' down the highway, try  listening to Track 4 - \\"The White Tree\\".  You can't help but feel the scene in movie as the beacons light across the majestic mountains of Gondor toward Rohan. POWERFUL!!!  INSPIRING!!! FANTASTIC!!!!!!  This is the best soundtrack I've bought since... hmmm....  The Two Towers!!!<br />In a nutshell, I'd say if you had the original Star Wars Trilogy soundtracks and the Lord of the Rings Trilogy  soundtracks- we're talkin' time capsule here folks-  they'll be listening to this music a a hundred years from now-  it's classic stuff.
0393037010|3.0|For the most part, I enjoyed this book. As I approached the end, however, the story became tedious. After the last battle with a Spanish frigate, the plot seemed to fall apart and I was mostly relieved when the book ended. On the other hand, O'Brian's prose was excellent, his characters well developed, and his plot exciting. I would recommend this book to someone looking for an adventure, as this is a great epic at sea. Even though Master and Commander got slow, I still plan to read the next nineteen in the series ;)
B00005JKC3|3.0|While I do think Ang Lee's &quot;HULK&quot; does fall short in a lot of areas, I don't think it deserves most of the criticism it gets.<br />THE CG HULK<BR>   Despite their best efforts, this Hulk looks computer generated and fake. Still, it does work when you see the creature close up. Also, people complained that they wanted a real actor to do the Hulk but I take a bit of an exception to that. If you are going to have the comic book Hulk, then NO ACTOR could do that! Not even Lou Ferrigno in his prime could've done the things that the comic book Hulk does and make it look believable! I will give Ang points for having the guts to go the CG route.<br />THE CAST<BR>   Eric Bana is an okay Bruce Banner (though the best will always be the late Bill Bixby on the TV series). Jennifer Connelly is great as Betty Ross while Sam Elliot and Nick Nolte are awesome as General Ross and David Banner respectively! <br />THE STORY<BR>    Okay but average. Could've been shorten in some spots but go longer in others. Best scene is near the end when David and Bruce square off at the army base. <br />OVERALL VIEW<BR>   I think this film could've been better but it gets slammed more than it deserves. It wasn't THAT bad. Also, its a victim of the Spider-Man craze! While I loved Spider-Man, many people have this stigma that every Marvel based film should be like Spider-Man (though the X-Men films doesn't seem to suffer from this stigma). I think that's so bull! Hulk ISN'T MEANT TO BE SPIDER-MAN! They are two totally different characters in totally different worlds and any comparison as far as characters and their worlds is ridiculous! As far as story development and pacing, Spider-Man is a far better story without a doubt but Hulk is meant to be a psychological story so it is going to be slow in some spots (I just feel that they dragged too long in some spots, even for a psychological story). It isn't just about a man who changes into a monster. Its about a man dealing with his inner rageand psychological trama and his search for peace. This theme is in all the versions of the Hulk, including the TV series.<BR>  Anyway, see the film and decide for yourself.
B000050IE6|5.0|opeth is so brilliant, this is an amazing cd, not as heavy as my arms, your hearse or deliverance. but this is just as good. it is heavy goes soft, then rips your face off again. excellent!!
B00009TB5G|4.0|Once again, as with the EE of Fellowship, including the extra scenes makes the &quot;Huh?&quot; and &quot;How'd they get there?&quot; from the theatrical version go away.  With luck the theatrical versions will go away and the extended editions will become the reference point.<br />There's still some quibbles.   The Palantir of Orthanc scene could have been included at the expense of the Osgiliath scene and the somewhat hokey Wargs and Aragorn-over-the-cliff stuff could easily have been sacrificed to allow Shelob in the TT.  Imagine the climax of the TT if the movie ended with Frodo thinking he'd lost the Ring to the Orcs.   Not to mention that this compression would have left the Scouring of the Shire in the ROTK.<br />But it's still a hell of a good movie.  Just it could have been a bit better.
B000069HK2|5.0|This is definetely one of my favorite cds. I can't wait for their next album to come out. Blue and Yellow would by my favorite song but they all go off. It's one of those cds that you cruise around with and you don't notice that it's played over about 5 times because every song is good. Definitely worth buying.
B00008H2LB|5.0|yo thugz what is going down man.  first off id like to say dat this band gots the goodz.  and they from my hood in CA.  So if you have something to say.  say it to me.  Any wayz thugz diss band has all of the goodz.  old skool hip hop wich my homie Mike shinonda can pull off from daz westside.  Then there is chesterz bennington y'all.  who has da most talented voice of all.  so if you got something to say to my crew you aint gonna live to say it.  ne way thugz and my man joeseph hahn has da scratching goin on. almost as good as i do.  so for all ya posers out there that sya they suck.  u probably just follow da latest trend with all them poserz.  peace out thugz.  for more metal check out bizkit, korn, and crazy town. goodbye from da westside
B000053VAZ|5.0|This is a very sweet movie. Benny (Aidan Quinn) lives with his sister Joon (Mary Stuart Masterson), who is mentally ill. One day Joon loses at poker, and *surprise* wins Sam (Johnny Depp) a quirky wanderer who changes both of their lives forever. Great for those who have a taste for bizarre humor, and also wonderful for those obsessive Depp fans. This movie, all though it will make you laugh out loud, will also touch you. And the music is a lot of fun!
B00005JLT5|4.0|As all viewers would have known, this is a great movie.  It is a personal movie for Roman Polanski as much as \\"Schindler's List\\" to Steven Spielberg.  It's not for me to say that which one is better than another because I don't believe a comparison is needed.  Rather, I would rather treat them as two different entities.  Whilst their cores are different, one depicting how one soul is saved by reluctantly saving countless of lives, the other is about surviving the hardship during the occupation of Poland during World War 2, both of them attempted to convey  the potential evils that we humans could become.  From this movie, I learnt of the ghettos, the walls that separated the Jews from the others not unlike the Berlin Wall, the kinds of humiliations & indignities that Jews needed to live through during those oppressive periods.  I also learnt that there was a disunity among Jews during that time.  Some were Germans lackeys & some totally opposed to them.  There were many poignant moments.  Out of those hard time, we were also shown the generosity & compassion that came from people from all walks of life & race (including a high up German officer) to assist Brody's character despite the danger that they might brought to themselves.  The movie never rushed & it gradually revealed itself like a great story book.  We rejoiced & elated for the survivors when the world was all over.  It's about triumph of human spirits.  I guess if we believe much in ourselves, we shall conquer all adversities.  This movie is just the right reminder for us all.  A beautiful movie that's \\"enjoyable\\" to watch.  Highly recommended.  In terms of technical information, the DVD set comprises of two CDs, one a feature movie & the other, a documentary depicting how the movie is made.  Highly recommended.
B00000K0E5|5.0|This is by far the best bond movie. It has the best villian and story. The action is way more realistic than die another day. The twists were unexpected. Pierce Brosnans best film. He is awsome in this movie.
B000089RVR|3.0|If you're looking for this album to be &quot;No Angel&quot; part 2 you're in for a big surprise.  Although she's kept her style the music in &quot;Life for Rent&quot; is more mellow.  I consider this album to be very slow.  The songs that I like are: White Flag, Stoned, Life for Rent, Sand in my Shoes, See the Sun and Don't leave home (this being my favorite along with White Flag).  The rest of the songs are pretty slow.  Good album, but the first one was a little more energetic.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|'Let it Be ... Naked' may not be the aborted 'Get Back' album many hope to hear some day, but as it is, it sounds like a close enough approximation of what the Beatles might have released back in 1969/70 if they felt their fans could handle the lack of production and rawness of how the tracks sounded compared to their recent Sgt Pepper's, Magical Mystery Tour and even White Album songs.  In some cases there's not much difference in sound from the original 'Let it Be' (Dig a Pony, Two of Us) and in the cases of Let it Be, and the Long and Winding Road, and Across the Universe, a world of difference enough to make getting 'Naked' worthwhile.  The album may seem like historical revisionism on McCartney's part, who was always dissatisfied with the Spector touch on 'The Long and Winding Road', but at least &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; is now given its rightful place on some form of a 'Let it Be' album, from which sessions it was recorded (it originally was on the 'Hey Jude' LP and not the actual 'Let it Be' 1970 album).  The 'Fly on the Wall' disc makes for interesting listening a few times but not something you'll put in heavy rotation.<br />Many people pointed out that despite the Phil Spector production, which went against McCartney's wishes, that the album had three #1 hits (if you're a stickler for details then it's really one, &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; since the single versions of &quot;Let it Be&quot; and &quot;Get Back&quot; were released before Phil got his hands on them...both those songs ended up in different versions on the album).    <br />If you're a completist who bought 'Yellow Submarine Songtrack' and even the<BR>'1' disc (and the Anthologies, and the BBC album),  then you won't want to pass 'Naked' up, otherwise it's not that necessary if you're content with the original 'Let it Be' and had no issues with it.
B000096IBI|5.0|Next to &quot;The Gold Rush,&quot; &quot;Modern Times&quot; is probably Chaplin's best film. There are many, many memorable moments (among others, the famous scenes in which Chaplin goes through the gears of a machine) along with social commentary, something that is present in most of Chaplin's feature films.<BR>There is no better way to see &quot;Modern Times&quot; than on this two-disc DVD. The film is on the first disc. The picture is crystal clear and razor sharp, and Chaplin's interesting and memorable musical score sounds great.<BR>The many extra features are located on the second disc. David Robinson, one of Chaplin's biographers, gives a good introduction. For the more serious Chaplin fans, there is a &quot;Chaplin Today&quot; documentary that goes in-depth about the production of the film, and also contains some analysis from filmmakers Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne (they did &quot;Rosetta,&quot; which won the Golden Palm at Cannes). Unfortunately, the Dardennes' analysis is not particularly strong, and is obvious to even the least educated viewer.<BR>Next, there is Chaplin's nonsense song uncut, along with a karaoke version of the song. There is a deleted scene which is fairly amusing, but rightly deleted. There are a bunch of archival films, including &quot;Behind-the-Scenes of the Machine Age&quot; (a government film), &quot;Smile&quot; sung by Liberace (!), and, best of all, a Cuban film called &quot;For the First Time.&quot;<BR>Extras are rounded out with an enormous photo gallery, a few trailers, a poster gallery, and some scenes from other Chaplin films.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|This is a beautiful cd just like the film, 10 outta 10 movie, love the songs on this soundtract of love actually, if u miss this dont miss the movie, u will not be disapointed. LOVE IS ALL AROUND US. FEEL THE LOVE WATCH &amp; LISTEN TO LOVE ACTUALLY.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Ever since &quot;Space, the final frontier&quot; it's been a truism that many themes and plots from westerns can easily be adapted to the science ficiton genre, but no melding of the two has been more daring or more satisfying than Joss Whedon's Firefly about disaffected &quot;Independent&quot; Mal Reynolds, a man on the losing side of an interplanetary civil war 500 years in the future. With his one surviving platoon member, he buys a transport ship, puts together an odd assortment of crew and passengers, and scrapes together a meager living as a trader, smuggler, or whatever else comes along. It's a 'verse inhabited only by humans, colonists from &quot;Earth that was,&quot; a culture in which American and Chinese language and customs predominate equally. All the characters are vibrant and complex, there is a perfect mixture of danger and humor, and there are big plot arcs a'brewin' concerning the powerful megacorporation Blue Sun.<br />FOX network had no idea how to market this intriguing hybrid, and they cancelled it after showing 11 episodes, including the two-hour pilot, which was only broadcast at the end of the series. The DVD puts the episodes in the right order and includes three others that were filmed but never shown. There are also commentaries from cast and crew and a poignant &quot;making of&quot; documentary.  Check out Firefly and find out what you missed in 2002.
B000002UZ4|5.0|I must admit, I was just a child when the Pet Shop Boys were at their elite in the better part of the 1980's and some young adults my age would quote on quote not recognize this kind of music.  So this just points out that this kind of music can reach any generation then, now, and in the distant future.  It will never die.  Every song that you loved in the 80's come back to life in this awesome cd.  If you love New Order, Tears for Fears, The Bangles, and all of the euro-invasion that took over the better part of the 1980's then you absolutely love this collection of tremendous hits.  From smoothing tracks like \\"Love Comes Quickly\\" to quick upbeat tracks like \\"Rent\\" you will find it hard to put this cd down!!!!!!!!!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I was really hesitant to buy this cd because I am really am not into Britney, but this cd really surprised me!  I actually really like it.  It seems like a more grown-up Britney to me.  There are a lot of different styles of music on it.  I can't say that I don't like any of the songs on it.  The songs all vary in style, so I don't get bored with it.  My favorites are Toxic, Outrageous, Brave New Girl, and Breathe on Me.  Breathe On Me reminds me a lot of Kylie Minogue (which is a good thing for me) I know she has gotten a lot of bad reviews for this cd, but I really enjoy it, and I guess that is what matters in the end!
6304712936|5.0|+++++<br /><br />This 160 minute movie (best picture Oscar winner in 1984) chronicles the last ten years of the Austrian composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756-1791), played by Tom Hulce (who was nominated for an Oscar for this role).<br /><br />This movie's entire story revolves around the conjectured intense jealous relationship between the mediocre composer Antonio Salieri (1750-1825), played by F. Murray Abraham (who won an Oscar for this role) and the genius composer Mozart.  It is theorized that this jealously led Salieri to murder Mozart.  (In reality, this is one theory of many as to why Mozart died so young.)<br /><br />Other relationships to watch are those between Mozart and his wife, Constanze (Elizabeth Berridge); between Mozart and his father, Leopold (Roy Dotrice); and finally between Mozart and Emperor Joseph ll (Jeffery Jones).<br /><br />What's amazing about this movie is its accuracy (which is surprising for a movie usually takes many \\"artistic liberties\\").  Here are some examples.  Mozart was a child prodigy.  He did suffer financial difficulties after he was dismissed from his paid employment with the Archbishop of Salzburg and moved to Vienna.  Mozart married Constanze Weber in Vienna.  His father did have a disastrous visit to his newlywed son's home.  Mozart made the bulk of his income in Vienna by giving concerts and working freelance.  He did delight in dancing, billiards, and crude jokes.<br /><br />The character most interesting in this movie is Salieri which Abraham portrays with great skill.  Salieri is aware of Mozart's musical genius (despite other people who do not understand Mozart's music since they claim it has \\"too many notes\\" and it makes \\"too many demands on the Royal ear\\").  Thus Salieri becomes very jealous of Mozart's genius but Mozart is unaware of this and even regards Salieri as a friend.<br /><br />Salieri is portrayed as a person who believes in God.  The irony here is that Mozart's middle Latin name of Amadeus means \\"he who loves God.\\"  So Salieri eventually sees God as mocking him through Mozart.  This causes Salieri to renounce his belief in God since God did not bless him with the same musical genius as Mozart.<br /><br />Mozart admits that he is a \\"vulgar man but his music is not.\\"  Hulce as Mozart does a good job portraying this vulgarity.  History tells us that Mozart had an odd laugh and Hulce does a great job recreating this laugh throughout the movie.<br /><br />What's really enjoyable about this movie is Mozart's music.  Music flowed from Mozart unceasingly and the movie shows this well.  This movie gives a good representative sample of his more than 600 musical compositions especially his opera, piano (his favorite instrument), and symphonic (he wrote more than forty symphonies) music.<br /><br />Mozart's music is not just used as background music in the movie but is an essential ingredient that adds to each scene.  For example, when Mozart dies, his uncompleted choral piece, the Requiem (which he was commissioned to write) is used to heighten the dramatic and emotional impact of his funeral.  It's almost as if he intentionally wrote the Requiem for his own death.<br /><br />Finally, this movie is visually stunning especially with respect to the interior of theatres.  I especially remember the large chandeliers.  All rooms in homes and palaces seem to be filled with authentic period artifacts (such as paintings and antique furniture).<br /><br />In conclusion, don't miss this movie!!  It gives you a chance to experience the life of a musical genius through the eyes of a mediocre composer who described the music of this genius as the \\"Voice of God.\\"<br /><br />+++++e who loves God.\\"  So Salieri eventually sees God as mocking him through Mozart.  This causes Salieri to renounce his belief in God since God did not bless him with the same musical genius as Mozart.<br /><br />Mozart admits that he is a \\"vulgar man but his music is not.\\"  Hulce as Mozart does a good job portraying this vulgarity.  History tells us that Mozart had an odd laugh and Hulce does a great job recreating this laugh throughout the movie.<br /><br />What's really enjoyable about this movie is Mozart's music.  Music flowed from Mozart unceasingly and the movie shows this well.  This movie gives a good representative sample of his more than 600 musical compositions especially his opera, piano (his favorite instrument), and symphonic (he wrote more than forty symphonies) music.<br /><br />Mozart's music is not just used as background music in the movie but is an essential ingredient that adds to each scene.  For example, when Mozart dies, his uncompleted choral piece, the Requiem (which he was commissioned to write) is used to heighten the dramatic and emotional impact of his funeral.  It's almost as if he intentionally wrote the Requiem for his own death.<br /><br />Finally, this movie is visually stunning especially with respect to the interior of theatres.  I especially remember the large chandeliers.  All rooms in homes and palaces seem to be filled with authentic period artifacts (such as paintings and antique furniture).<br /><br />In conclusion, don't miss this movie!!  It gives you a chance to experience the life of a musical genius through the eyes of a mediocre composer who described the music of this genius as the \\"Voice of God.\\"<br /><br />+++++
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I was mad that Fox cancelled this series and was thrilled by the release of the DVDs. As always, Josh is not afraid of strong characters and taking chances. <br />Basically, we used up all the resources of old Earth and hopped out into space to find more. Some people thought all the planets should be under a single controlling force (Alliance) and some didn't (independents) and, after a civil war, the Alliance wins. We pick up after the war, with the crew of the firefly class spaceship &quot;Serenity&quot; (some of the crew had been independents) and their travels. Basically they are smugglers and are tring to survie out from under the Allience rule. My description may sound dull, however this series is anything but dull.<br />There are no aliens in this series and if it had been allowed to continue, I doubt there ever would have been. Firefly about us dealing with things, about living. It is not done with any moral preaching, but with humor and elegance. <br />The shows are displayed as originally made them, which caused a slight sense of &quot;I remember this differently&quot; but gave more power to the episodes. The extras alone are worth picking up the DVD especially if you liked the series.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|Anyone Who Thinks Nickleback sucks probably has not given this album a chance.<br />songs like DO THIS ANYMORE and SOMEDAY are going to make anyone fall in love with their music the first time they hear it.
B0000CD5I6|5.0|There's not much Ian and the boys can do wrong, IMHO.  Still, while Ian states in his liner notes that he's &quot;not exactly a practising paid-up Christian&quot;, he has certainly captured the spirit of the season in this effort.  Ian thinks that if you liked Bouree and Songs from the Wood that you will like this album (sorry--&quot;CD&quot;--they're not called albums any more, are they?).  Well, I've been following Tull since Living in the Past (which I find myself doing 24/7, but that's a different story), and this CD takes me back to the golden era of Benefit/LITP/Aqualung.  The accordian (kudos to Andrew Giddings) takes me back to Warchild.  The flute, as always, is hypnotic.  Martin Barre is his usual incomparable self.  The strings, keyboards and bass are as competent as always.  One thing you never have to worry about with Tull is the quality of their sound.  If it isn't just so, Ian won't have it.<br />Along with some new stuff, JT has redone, to great effect, such long-time Tull favorites as A Christmas Song, Another Christmas Song, Jack Frost..., Ring Out Solstice Bells, and Bouree.  Their renditions of God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen and Greensleeves are superb.<br />I gave a strong hint to my kids that I wanted this CD for Christmas (OK, like a &quot;If you get me anything, get this&quot; strong hint), and sure enough, I got it on Christmas morning!  I have been playing it on my computer as I surf the net, etc., ever since.<br />Recommended accompaniments for this CD are: 1. A raging fire (in a fireplace or wood stove, obviously--if it's in your carpet or drapes, please proceed to the nearest exit and call 911); 2. A snifter of B&amp;B, Drambuie or Irish Mist; 3. If you smoke, a fine cigar (Partagas or Macanudo) or bowl of fine tobacco in a fine briar pipe (Peterson or Savinelli).  Take the phone off the hook, turn off your cell phone, put the wee ones to bed, and chill out for an hour.<br />Enjoy!
B0000057C5|5.0|my main reason for adding this review to the 338 others or so (at the time of my writing of this; don't want to cause any confusion for the next generation of Amazon.com consumers/reviewers) is to make a simple clarification about the lyrics and the overall theme of the album.  After having read maybe 50 of these reviews, I was getting a little frustrated.  Most people seem to conclude something like &quot;music's great regardless of whether or not you understand German.&quot;  What is that?  I mean, sure, the electronics in Du Hast and the sounds of orgasmic bliss at the beginning of Spiel Mit Mir require no translations to be understood and, at least in regards to the former, enjoyed.  But wouldn't the disturbing images in the CD jacket alone (just check out the cover, if you've never seen it) make you a little curious about what exactly is being said?  Not surprisingly, the theme of the album is not a pleasant one.  The title of the CD is Sehnsucht (also the name of track #1, one of the stronger tracks on the album).  Every song on the CD is somehow related to &quot;sehnsucht&quot;, since sehnsucht translates to &quot;longing&quot;...innocent enough, until you realize what types of longing Rammstein explores on some of the songs.  Buck Dich, for example, means &quot;bend over&quot;...'nuff said.  Possibly the most disturbing is the aforementioned Spiel Mit Mir...although the, uh, distintive opening to the song serves as a decent precursor, I guess, to what follows, you still would never expect to hear what you hear (upon translation).  Translated to &quot;Play with Me&quot;, I'm not going to go any further into describing what it's about, except for the fact that it definitely must be considered consistent with that all-important theme of longing.  check out the website, or, even better, find a friend who already has.  Even better than that, print out the lyrics in German, drive to the German neighborhood of your city, ask some nice, unsuspecting German-American(f*ck, an illegal German immigrant works too) if he/she can translate these lyrics for you (if by this point you have any idea of the jist of the song, don't blow your cover), and have fun watching their reaction.  Just as long as that reaction doesn't involve calling the cops for harassment.<BR>I've been a little long-winded, should probably make like the Bible and create a bracketed short form, but I would be foolish to not conclude this by saying that whether you know it or not, you long for German industrial music; you long for sehnsucht.  Just do me a favor and don't share some of Till's (singer's)professed longings.<BR>PS: female vocalist on Engel is Till's wife; I know that there exists another Rammstein song that features Till's young daughter too (not on Sehnsucht though).
B0000DJZA5|4.0|This was a great CD remixed and I give the first disk 5 stars. What I found tedious though was how all the fly on the wall material was all one track! All the material is great except it was annoying to fast forward to great songs like &quot;Because I Know You Love Me So&quot; and &quot;Child of Nature&quot;. Plus, it was missing a few unreleased tracks that I feel were the highlights to Let It Be. For example, &quot;Suzy Parker&quot; was a great jam that I did not see. Otherwise both CDs were very good and a 2 disk set to add to your collection.
B000066NW0|1.0|my friends, it is a sad thing that music so lyrically dissapointing has been given such a high star rating.  while avril's songs are catchy, slick, and are easy to like the first couple of listens, she is not unique in any sense of the word.  the way she presents herself as &quot;punk&quot; is laughable; there is nothing punk about this.  Punk has recently become a trend among pre-teens, so of course, they have to provide a mainstream singer who sings the same old songs, but with new PUNK clothes!  vocally it is clear that her voice has been completely glossed out of imperfection, and hearing her live, she seems to only have average vocal ability.  it is shameful that artists with such obvious lack of talent are so readily enjoyed by the general public.  i can't believe she's been compared to alanis morrisette; the only thing i see in common is that they are both canadian.   In Jagged Little Pill, the sincerity of Alanis's emotion was obvious.  Let Go seems so artificial and common, like stale candy.  so if you're into stale candy, or are one of those kids who love staying behind the last worst thing, this cd is highly recommended.  otherwise, i think you should spare yourself.
B00005LC1H|5.0|I was watching these DVDs the other night and I love them! Definetly get these. They are totally worth it. It is so funny.
0375408282|5.0|Hepatitis made him weak.  He was fifteen years old.  Michael Berg, the narrator, knew every building, every garden, every fence on his way to school.  Being ill is an enchanting interlude.  The fever sharpens the imagination.  He encounters Hanna and vists her frequently.  <br />His last years of school and first years of university were happy.  Parents had played a variety of roles in the Third Reich.  Everyone condemned parents to a sentence of shame.  Michael enrolls in a seminar on the camps.  The group attends a trial.  Hanna Schmitz, one of the defendants, had been Michael's friend.  She had served at Auschwitz until early in 1944.  <br />Hanna makes a bad impression on the court.  Michael comes to realize that she cannot read or write.  She refused promotions in her industrial job.  She sought out the job with the SS as a guard.  She describes the confusion on the march westward from the camps and receives a life sentence.  <br />The narrator tries to speak to his father.  In those years there was little direct observation that made life in those camps real.  The few images available were derived from Allied photographs.  <br />The student movement was a generational conflict.  Coming to terms with the Nazi past was one of the issues of contention inalterably.  For the narrator's generation, collective guilt was a lived reality.  Legal history was to be his metier.  History involves building bridges between the past and the present.  He worked on legal codes and drafts of the enlightenment.  The codes were based upon the belief that order was intrinsic to the world.  <br />The narrator sends Hanna tapes of his reading, the Odyssey, Chekhov, Kafka.  In the fourth year he receives a note from Hanna.  The note is child-like.  It provides verification of his theory that she could not read or write in the past. I will not disclose further details of the plot or the ending of this fine work.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|There are several preformances that make this dvd 5 stars. Paul singing &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; and Billy Preston singing &quot;Isn't It a Pitty&quot;. These were some of the greatest preformances in the whole dvd. Everyone seemed in great spirits. And The Monty Python act is funny. (Lumberjack) So overall, definetly get this dvd to complete and top your Beatles/Geroge Harrison collection!
B0000E1ALR|4.0|The Essential Bruce Springsteen is overall a good collection. It is has many songs that the his greatest hits collection does not have such as Ghost of Tom Joad. The bonus third disc is good since it contains a few live songs such as Held Up Without a Gun and has several rarities from Springsteen. However, I surprised that the Essential Bruce Springsteen neglected to put on several songs that I had expected to be on the collection such as Hometown, Secret Garden (which appear on his greatest collection) and I'm on Fire
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I have to say i am more into the alternative scene rather than this. But since i first saw/heard &quot;Judith&quot; (i think the video was gr8) i fell in love with the dreamy feel that APC can deliver. It's nowhere else ... in the rock scene.<br />I got 13th today ... listened to it a few times and i am already loving it. I think it's a gr8 piece of work.
B0000640VN|4.0|One more variation on H.G. Wells « Time Machine ». The details on this travelling in time are not really important. Let's accept it as possible. But this film is a comedy and it enables a duke, the inventor of lifts, to move from 1876 to 2000. What a surprise ! Leopold is adaptable, like any other human being, and is able to even become a fast success in present day New York, a better success than what he had been in the old New York. He meets with a woman who is also a success in her professional life, advertising, and uses him as a strong asset. The film insists on the differences between the two worlds, particularly at the level of ethics. One world is dominated by honor and honesty, the older one, which is a myth we will accept lightly, though it is totally false. The other world is based on success at any cost or price, even if you need to lie, which is alas a real vision of our modern world that considers pragmatic success as a sign of quality, which it rarely is. Of course this is a comedy and these ideas are largely false, but they produce a funny, at times phony, adventure both for Leopold, the poor misplaced Duke, and Kate, the poor place-looking successful female executive. Many situations reveal both the absurdity and the deep evolution of today's world when compared with an older state of affairs. It is romantic and it has no depth, but it is also entertaining and restful. The rhythm and dramatic events of this time-travelling comedy are a lot less stressful than « Back to the Future », though it is fundamentally the same thing.<br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B00007LTIA|4.0|Just because he can't understand this work of art (and is lost in the world of trendy, head-shaving, tatoo covered, goatee twisting, mom-and-dad-and-society-sucks-type groups) doesn't give this future drive-through clerk any gall to give a crappy review.<BR> &quot;Tales...&quot; is an intense work that is basically an acquired taste, but was Yes at their prime-era. It's literally a new-age piece before its time, so a lot of people won't be into it, but some of us listeners WITH A BRAIN can find a lot of value in a work like this.
B0000931OG|1.0|Sorry folks, Blur is dead.<br />Is this album full of sonically inventive sounds?  Yes.<br />Is this album filled with unusual and creative production?  Yes.<br />Does this album have a single, well-written song on it?  No.<br />In the end, it all comes down to melody.  That catchy, creative little bit of a song that you find yourself humming.  And there is not a signle memorable melody on this entire album.  Nor a single memorable riff.  Nor even a single memorable moment of any stripe, shape or shift.  Anyone giving this album a positive reivew is either a hardcore apologist for the band or deaf.<br />Blur was once a unique and wonderful band, full of adventurous production, humorous twists, and memorable moments.<br />Those days are gone.  If you are hankering for a Blur album, go buy a Greatest Hits one.  Until songwriting and melodic craft reclaim a place of prominance in the world of &quot;Blur&quot;, we will have to satisfy ourselves with past glories.  &quot;Think Tank&quot; is a cardboard epitaph for one of the most imaginative bands of the 90's.<br />Ah, well.  At least Oasis still writes songs that, while uninspired, are at least marginally listenable.  I never thought that Oasis would win the battle of the bands, but alas, here we are.<br />What a shame.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|Britney's &quot;music&quot; is the reason people cut themselves. Britney's &quot;music&quot; is the reason we all hate eachother. Britney's &quot;music&quot; is the reason popular music is so damn boring.<br />Touch Of My Hand? Breathe On Me? What the hell???<br />Toxic-waste b!+ch
B0000E6XH3|5.0|The idea of making a film out of Daft Punk's 'Discovery' album was a strange and difficult thing to do; although the album had a good variety of moods in its tracks as well as speed and themes, the album was not meant to be a soundtrack to anything. Not only was the seemingly impossible task of making an animated musical from 'Discovery' present for Leiji Matsumoto and Daft Punk, but to do one without any dialogue or subtitles.<br />It struck me as more of an insane effort than a daring one.<br />Yet, not only did they pull it off, but they made an EXCELLENT motion picture! The 65 minute story-line is astoundingly dense given the absence of dialogue, yet, never confusing for the viewer.<BR>The animation is beautiful, fluid and tells the whole story with ease. All the songs from Discovery are present, played back-to- back and fit with all the scenes moderatly well, especially 'Something about Us'.<BR>If you don't like Daft Punk's Discovery album, then this is one work or art you're unlikely to appreciate, if you do, then I doubt you'll be disappointed with Interstella 5555.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I was an avid Firefly fan (I already posted one review). So when I received my DVD set for Christmas I was thrilled. I have been watching it since Christmas - after watching all the episodes I am now going back thru watching the episodes with commentaries!<BR>But the exciting part is this. My husband has no use for series television. Unless it's on the History Channel, Discovery or Science Channel he's not interested. So when I pressed him to please watch Firefly with me, he reluctantly agreed.<br />NOW, he's as big a fan as I am! He walks around the house spewing lines from the shows (Gorramit) and pretending to speak Chinese! :-) My college student daughter does the same! I have converted them all!! My husbands exact reaction was &quot;I'm impressed&quot; - if you knew him, you'd know what it takes to get that kind of response.<BR>I just can't say enough about this show, the cast, the stories, the music, the special effects and visual style. It's just the most incredible viewing ever. <BR>If you don't buy any other DVD set this year - grab this one. You'll never, ever regret it!
B00000JMQE|5.0|I thought this was a great movie, myself. However, two sets of warnings. Number one: DON'T get this movie for children under 8. There is some scary stuff, and while these days it's not the same level of scariness as it was when I first saw it, it can still creep you out.<br />Number two, I recommend this movie solely for those who enjoy the book series, not just the musical. If you're a fan of the Judy Garland version of &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; then I strongly suggest skipping this movie, because there is very little in this movie that compares to the musical. But if you love the series, this is a great adaptation and still one of my favorite movies after 15 years.<br />(BTW, I was seven when I watched this for the first time, and while I understood if was fantasy, my then four year old sister did not; it was a really bad idea for her to watch it, hence the first warning).
0393057658|4.0|Before I read this book, I came to Amazon to learn whether people thought Michael Lewis had done a compelling job telling Billy Beane's story. I didn't come to find out what baseball fans think of Beane as a GM (which is the substance of many reviews here). Now that I have read it, I can report to the rest of you that it is very worthwhile, if you want to know how the business of baseball is conducted these days. <br />Whether you agree with Beane's strategy or not, this book will take you inside the life of a GM like nothing else I've read. Lewis's past experience writing about tense business situations clearly helps him set the scene for the MLB amateur draft and all the preparation that comes before it. So leave your fan hat behind, and use your reading glasses instead.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Even though this movie is a fiction/fantasy everyone can enjoy it! Its really amazing how much work these people put into it and how great the actors are. It shows great friendship, lots of courage, and wonderful scenes between good and evil. And every good movie has at least one scene of humor. This movie takes imagination and does the impossible.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|I am a huge fan of Sarah's.  I have around 200 CDs, but I find myself listening most of the time to Sarah's earlier albums, especially Mirrorball and the heavenly FTE.  Sarah is in a class by herself and I don't think anyone even comes close.  Thus it is with much anticipation that awaited the release of Afterglow.  But when I heard a sampling of the songs on Sarah's official site, my bubble just burst.  Yes, I think Fallen is a beautiful song and can hold its own against Sarah's best.  But that is sadly not the truth about the rest of the album.  I thought the songs had no edge - they more or less, sounded the same.  I borrowed this album from a friend and listened many times, but just could not force myself to buy it.  After waiting for this album for 5-6 years, you have no idea how painful a decision that has been.  But if Sarah's music is an old romance, it is the best parts that I wanted to remain in my memory.  <br />Sarah, I still love you and your beautiful music, but the truth has to be told.  This album just does not stand up to your earlier stellar work.  Am I disappointed?  Yes.  Is this the end of the world?  No!  I have no doubt that Sarah will come back stronger than ever.  Of course, Sarah is human like the rest of us, but class - like cream - will always rise back to the top.  I recall reading during her trial in Vancouver a few years ago that Sarah goes through periods when she faces writer's block, issues of confidence etc.  Undoubtedly, her personal upheavels in the last few years - marriage, death of her mother, childbirth - had been difficult on her.  Besides, by taking 5-6 years off, she just kept adding pressure for her \\"new\\" album.  The good news is that the monkey is off her back, and hopefully, she will come back with another superlative album in the next 2-3 years.<br />On one hand it is wonderful to see Sarah have such loyal fans.  But on the other hand, it is disappointing to see them acting like lemmings, and voting against anyone whocriticises Afterglow on Amazon.  I really don't care what these people think because I will always be a fan of Sarah's.  And if Sarah is to be judged by her lyrics, she would expect nothing but honesty from her fans.  Besides if Sarah reads some of these five-star ratings, she may go away thinking Afterglow ranks with the best of her previous albums, which is not the message one should be sending.<br />Sarah, you are still a Goddess in my firmament.  But it won't be because of Afterglow!  Good luck for the future.  The world needs more Sarahs!
B00003W8NM|4.0|what can i say about this movie that hasn't been said already?  great story, very interesting plot, and oh yeah a stampede of &quot;Tyler Durdenism.&quot;  After watching this movie my view on the world and myself has changed.  I turned into a Chuck Palahniuk fan and finished reading Choke and Fight Club and now reading Survivor.  The book of the movie is a little different.<BR>The acting in the movie is good.  Not the best for either of the main actors and therefore no 5 stars, but good nonetheless.  The philosophies of Tyler Durden might be a little depressing and can make one feel worthless, but very interesting nonetheless.  Well, great movie.  I have not heard a bad thing about this movie.  And if anyone says it's a bad movie...then he or she really doesn't know a good movie when they see it.
B0000029GA|5.0|Some consider &quot;Illmatic&quot; among their top 3 in rap albums -- and I may have to agree. For now, I will just leave it as &quot;the best debut album in rap history.&quot;<br />Hailing from the notorious Queensbridge housing projects in Long Island City, New York, Nasir &quot;Nas&quot; Jones takes hip-hop listeners away from the violence that is portrayed by the current mainstream rappers (50 Cent, Ja Rule, etc.) and puts together a tale of his life, using true realism and an excellent mentality. <br />Nas tells a story (something 50 Cent just cannot do) of a life on the city streets. He does this straight-up, with no exceptions to what has really happened in his life, and what he has seen. Focused on being an originator, Nas is in a group all alone, staying away from the &quot;wannabees.&quot; <br />Right from &quot;The Genesis,&quot; Nas brings jazzy beats and the best lyrical attack of our time into this album. It is a must have for any rap fan, as it is one of the best of all time.
037542217X|5.0|&quot;The Kalahari Typing School for Men&quot; continues the story of &quot;lady detective&quot; Precious Ramotswe, her fiance, Mr. J.L.B. Maketoni, and the assistant detective/secretary, Mma Makutsi.<br />McCall Smith is an outstanding writer, not bound by genre.  His descriptions of the Botswana countryside are as evocative as any &quot;nature&quot; writer's, and his ability to create interesting, entertaining, and complex characters is unparalleled.  Precious, Mr. Maketoni, and Mma Makutsi are so clearly drawn that you would know them instantly if you met them on the street.  In &quot;Kalahari,&quot;  we particularly get to know the plain, bespectacled, but utterly self-reliant Mma Makutsi better, when she starts her own typing school.<br />My one caveat for series neophytes is that there is very little detecting going on in these books; in fact, McCall Smith appears to have given up clues, discovery, and the like entirely in favor of more character development.<br />But he's so very very good at it, you mustn't miss it!
B0000TB05A|5.0|U2 Go Home gives you the bare essence of U2, stripped of much of the made-for-TV pyrotechnics and flash of the also-excellent Boston DVD. Many of the songs are the same, even some of the canned dialogue. But the emotions are different, the audience is enormous and amazing, and the history of the setting really does wonders for U2's performance and for the DVD. If you look closely, you can even see the Teutonic Larry Mullen Jr. tear up at points.<br />I wholeheartedly recommend it, along with the Boston DVD. They really are quite distinct performances and both are worthy of your DVD collection.<br />I especially enjoyed the Bonus making of &quot;Pride: In the name of love&quot; at the same Slane Castle two decades earlier. My wife and I were chuckling at Bono's mullet and Adam Clayton's 'fro and the intimate look at the band's late-night strokes of musical genius. <br />...<br />As for U2, the band already had a powerful message before Sept. 11, born in the troubles in Ireland, expanded by their decades of seeking out truth and opposing despair, prejudice and destruction.<br />U2 has been the most influential, most meaningful band of the past 20 years, singing powerfully of love, hate, war, terrorism, famine and simple pop happiness too. They have the whole repertoire, and it's amply on display here. <br />U2 has had the right message all along, but not enough were listening.<br />When Bono strikes up, &quot;How long, how long must we sing this song&quot; on Sunday Bloody Sunday, you feel it in your guts. When he implores the crowd through chants of &quot;no more IRA,&quot; you see the passion of a natural born leader for peace.<br />There are a lot worse ways to spend your hard earned cash.
B0001907DA|5.0|Finally, after years of just having a Fullframe version of the first film available, the entire series of Police Academy movies have at last made their way onto DVD, in a nice little boxset collection.  All films are finally available in Widescreen for the very first time ever!  But like previous Warner Bros Boxset collections, the first film is the only one to receive the \\"Special Edition\\" treatment.  Even so, it's great to finally have this string of hilarious films available on DVD at last.  So break out the popcorn and laugh out loud hysterically with Steve Guttenberg and the rest of the Police Academy cast members.  Order this collection NOW!!<br />Police Academy : still just as funny as ever!<br />\\"Bunky.  Bunky.  How many times do I have to tell you, huh?  The Liter Box!  The Liter Box!\\"
B0000C7PQK|4.0|Like most Enigma devotees (and many other reviewers already quoted here), I was getting long in the tooth awaiting the 5th release by Michael Cretu and collaborators. While I felt that each preceeding release broke some new ground (considering the original formula and its permutations thereafter), &quot;Voyageur&quot; seems more of a &quot;side-step&quot; than a &quot;step forward&quot;.<br /> Don't get me wrong here. There's alot to like on this CD, but like many listeners and reviewers before me, I rather expected more from Cretu, esp. considering how much time elapses between releases. Five CD's in a little over 13 years is not exactly very productive, unless he treats his Enigma projects to be something other than his &quot;showcase&quot;.<br /> I was a bit worked up to hear the very last track (&quot;Following the Sun&quot;) to see if it lived up to the hype I had read. To my reckoning, while &quot;Following...&quot; is a very nice track, I don't think it has nearly the closing impact that &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot; did on &quot;Screen Behind the Mirror&quot;. I do much enjoy the title track, as well as &quot;From East to West&quot; and &quot;Piano&quot;. However, I don't hear, overall, anything that suggests anything innovative OR highly inspired.<br /> For my money.....I still think that &quot;Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; and &quot;Le Roi Est Mort...Vive le Roi&quot; are the most well-rounded releases to date, and can't deny the impact of the &quot;MCMXC AD&quot; release, esp. the tracks &quot;Sadeness&quot; and &quot;Mea Culpa&quot;.
B00008EYA5|3.0|After a series of embarrassing incidents in the press, the Los Angeles Police Department charges a veteran S.W.A.T. officer, Captain Hondo (Samuel L. Jackson), with the job of creating a new special unit that will not make mistakes. Hondo chooses a motley bunch of tough police officers, some out of favor with their superiors, for his elite team: Jim Street (Colin Farrell), &#34;Deke&#34; Kay (LL Cool J), Chris Sanchez (Michelle Rodriguez), Michael Boxer (Brian Van Holt), and T.J. McCabe (Josh Charles). Shortly after the team has  qualified, an international crime kingpin (Olivier Martinez) in the LAPD's custody publicly offers $100 million dollars to whomever can secure his freedom, bringing every hoodlum in Hollywood out of the woodwork to try to bust him out.<br /><br />&#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; is based on the 1970s television show of the same name. Fans of the show will recognize the names of Hondo, Street, Deke, and T.J. McCabe. One of the team is now a woman and an additional officer has been added. And there you have the modernized movie version of &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34;. Unfortunately, modernized doesn't mean improved. It takes an hour for the film's main action to start. The filmmakers try to spend that time developing the characters, but there isn't much to develop. An action film with little additional substance can't get away with nearly an hour's lull in the action. Even Samuel L. Jackson's imposing presence and Colin Farrell's cuteness aren't enough to overcome the stagnation. The level of script-writing in &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; is very much like television. Whenever the characters spoke, I got the feeling that I was watching a slightly cheesy prime-time cop drama. The film's dialogue has the hokey quality that the t.v. show did. This could be intentional, but a big-budget theatrical release doesn't seem worth the time or money if it can do no better than 30-year-old television. I'm giving &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; a marginal recommendation because the French crime kingpin, played by hunky Olivier Martinez, is kind of interesting -I wish he had more to do- and because, once the movie gets rolling, there is one -and only one- creative action sequence. &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; has an appealing cast and a smidgen of creativity, but it's best as a rental so you will have something  else to entertain yourself with during the film's abundant dull moments. Not in any way groundbreaking, as the television show was.<br /><br />The DVD: Bonus features include: 2 commentaries, one by director Clark Johnson and the cast and one by the screenwriters and technical consultant; &#34;Anatomy of a Shootout&#34; featurette that describes the making of the film's opening sequence.; a mini-documentary on the original &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; tv show.; a &#34;making of &#34; documentary; a featurette about creation of &#34;6th Street Bridge&#34; sequence; featurette on film's sound effects; bloopers; and cast filmographies. If you're really interested in the movie, this is a pretty good DVD package. If you only have time to watch one extra, try the &#34;making of&#34; documentary. Subtitles are available in English and French. Dubbing is available in French.y hunky Olivier Martinez, is kind of interesting -I wish he had more to do- and because, once the movie gets rolling, there is one -and only one- creative action sequence. &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; has an appealing cast and a smidgen of creativity, but it's best as a rental so you will have something  else to entertain yourself with during the film's abundant dull moments. Not in any way groundbreaking, as the television show was.  The DVD: Bonus features include: 2 commentaries, one by director Clark Johnson and the cast and one by the screenwriters and technical consultant; &#34;Anatomy of a Shootout&#34; featurette that describes the making of the film's opening sequence.; a mini-documentary on the original &#34;S.W.A.T.&#34; tv show.; a &#34;making of &#34; documentary; a featurette about creation of &#34;6th Street Bridge&#34; sequence; featurette on film's sound effects; bloopers; and cast filmographies. If you're really interested in the movie, this is a pretty good DVD package. If you only have time to watch one extra, try the &#34;making of&#34; documentary. Subtitles are available in English and French. Dubbing is available in French.
B00004SCX6|4.0|ok. this cd was surprisingly good..i mean.. maybe i was drunk or my hearing was impaired on the day i listened to the cd. but my reaction was 'interesting!'. i mean it didn't suck. compared to some other pop cds *coughhilaryduffcough*.<BR>her lyrical content is getting better compared to the 1st album.<BR>Some of the songs actually have a meaning.<BR>not to mention the vocals aren't bad.<BR>well i don't expect them to be since its computer generated but hey. you know what i mean.<br />so if you are looking for a pop cd that is all perky and kinda meaningful yet touching in a messed up way. this cd is for you<br />if you are looking for a seriously bad pop cd. don't look here.<br />every teenybopper should own this cd.
B000089RVX|1.0|This is pop music. It's pop music with guitars. The little pop-loving children will go out and but it, and think, yeah, I'm a rocker. I'm into metal music. No, you're not. You like Evanesence because of the label that goes with it. You want rock? Try something that isn't manufactured pop metal. Something with a bit of integrity, because in two weeks, you'll have forgotten they ever existed.
B00005QB42|5.0|This is an absolutely beautiful CD of Hindu mantras.  I first heard it in a yoga class and was captivated.  If you're interested in this type of music, this is a must have CD.
B000084T18|5.0|There are so many people on this site who hate on 50, but all I can say is your stupid hating does not work. This album received lots of well deserved awards, and for this last night of 2003, it was named the album of the year for all of 2003. Also they said its the world best rated album of the year, so keep hating, the more you hate the more you help us fans, and the great artist like 50.
B000066JES|2.0|These warriors are in their 40's now and like all great athletes, have lost a step.  This would be a pretty good album, IF the entire Manowar catalog previous to this didn't exist.  It just doesn't measure up.  The fast, heavy tunes are just re-hashes of previous tunes, with the usual paint-by-number lyrics.  You could just write a bunch of words on index cards, such as &quot;death,&quot; &quot;blood,&quot; &quot;sword,&quot; &quot;metal,&quot; &quot;wind,&quot; &quot;battle,&quot; &quot;black,&quot;etc. etc.  Pick these cards one-by-one out of a hat and you've basically written a Manowar song.<BR>It seems the bands only purpose for existence now is to sell tons of merchandise with the Manowar logo.  They're following the KISS marketing plan to a tee!!<BR>Manowar should just step aside and let RHAPSODY reign as the new KINGS OF METAL, because Rhapsody just kicks their ass in every single way!
B000009RC2|5.0|The Mahavishnu Orchestra's 1971 debut album _The Inner Mounting Flame_ is a treasure in the world of fusion. It's rhythmically complex and involved, but dynamic and fiery. Jazz-inflected rock made accessible to nearly anyone who appreciates rock with sophistication. But, sophisticated doesn't necessarily mean feeble, as this music is bursting with energy and intensity.<br /><br />Guitarist John McLaughlin (who had worked with Miles Davis not too long before this album and band came together) composed all of these tracks, which are spirituality-oriented - as evidenced by some of the song titles. These spiritual leanings can be latched onto, or they can simply be ignored - intentionally or inadvertently, either way, the music is powerful enough to outweigh any cogitation on the underlying motives of the music. It more than likely will grab hold of you in the biggest way possible, regardless of your disposition towards spirituality. While virtuosic musicianship is abound, you'd be challenged to call this nothing more than a tasteless exhibition of technical prowess. There's plenty of meat with flavor in this smorgasbord.<br /><br />\\"Meeting of the Spirits\\" opens up with a suspended musical atmosphere, full of ominous tension, and fairly explosive drum pyrotechnics from Billy Cobham. What follows is a slightly angular, yet tasty rhythmic combo comprised of passionate guitar soloing from McLaughlin, tasteful, complementary violin work, thumping basslines, and flavor-filled snare hits from Cobham. Of course, his snare drumming is not the only thing impressive here, and on the album in general. An excellent opener.<br /><br />\\"Dawn\\" is an extremely beautiful ballad-like number with a 7/4-ish rhythm, and exhibits subtle touches of R&B, jazz and modern classical. McLaughlin finds time amidst this beauty to inject the atmosphere with some passionate soloing. Later, in the second half of the track, things speed up, and we are treated to a genuinely moving melody embedded in the up-tempo jam exhibiting a mix of rock, R&B and gospel. Could easily see this played in church. Extremely moving, and gets loads of repeat time in my stereo.<br /><br />\\"Noonward Race\\" is fast-paced like it's title would possibly suggest. Highly energetic playing from Cobham, fast soloing from McLaughlin, as well as the swapping of instrumental lines between each member of the band. Jerry Goodman gives us charged violin lines, Jan Hammer gives us fast, but tasteful and interesting keyboard lines, and Rick Laird, while mostly playing a supporting role here, does no more than he needs to.<br /><br />\\"A Lotus On Irish Streams\\" gives us a break from the fast-paced energy preceeding this, with it's gently serenading, ethereal and elegant atmosphere. While on the gentle side, McLaughlin finds time to display a lightning-fast solo here and there. Lush, willowy keyboard textures from Jan Hammer dominate this track, but the contributions from violinist Jerry Goodman add extra relevance to the flavor and overall atmosphere of the track.<br /><br />\\"Vital Transformation\\" features what is probably the hottest, funkiest, tastiest, most groove-oriented 9/8 meter to be experienced: almost guaranteed to get that old rump of yours shaking, ditto with the rest of your body, as well as your soul. This track is jam-packed with energy and charisma: powerful, charismatic drumming, tasty guitar & violin dueling, excellent basswork -- an absolute knockout. A mix of mutated country, R&B, funk and rock: progressive in all the right ways. Virtuosism combined with taste is at a maximum here.<br /><br />\\"The Dance of Maya\\" displays snaky, mind-teasing rhythmic patterns, as parallel with the melodic lines. Cobham plays a bluesy drum pattern in 10/8, which continues through the remainder of the track. Later, this blues-romp kicks in, and Billy, once again, plays the blues-derived 10/8 meter, while this time, the instrumental motif shifts to fully parallel that of Billy's blues-romp rhythm. The sudden switch of instrumental motifs (excepting Billy's drum rhythm) may lead many to believe that the meter, and Billy's drum pattern have changed, when they more than possibly have not. The whole track, I believe is in 10, yet there are so many subtle tricks going on rhythmically, I fear embarrassment if I attempt to articulate them all. Excellent track here.<br /><br />\\"You Know, You Know\\" is a slow jam in common time, but features odd accent placements, which can confuse many listeners into thinking that the tune is in an odd time signature. Another one of those tracks to let you gain a breather from the high-energy musings of past. Fluid, tasteful R&B-infused arpeggios and basslines dominate this track. Billy Cobham takes on more of a subtle, but equally effective role here, which in the least, showcases his versatility on his instrument.<br /><br />\\"Awakening\\" sees the boys saving the wildest for last. This is the most energetic, fast-paced, virtuosic track on the album. Machine-gun drumming, lightning-fast passages from guitar, bass, violin and keyboards: all in unison, and at other times, separately. Strangely, this is the shortest track on the album, though with all of the hyperactivity crammed here, one gets the sense that it need not be any longer. Excellent musicianship all-around.<br /><br />High-quality musicianship and taste to match. Fans of high-energy, virtuosic rock should soak this up. If you're into Jimi Hendrix, Frank Zappa, King Crimson or the like, you shouldn't pass this up. Rumor has it that the Mahavishnu Orchestra had an influence on the 1973-1974-era King Crimson. If there's any truth to that, I wouldn't be surprised. This outfit were highly influential on many musicians, especially of the virtuosic category. Pick this up, and see what all the fuss is about.rum rhythm) may lead many to believe that the meter, and Billy's drum pattern have changed, when they more than possibly have not. The whole track, I believe is in 10, yet there are so many subtle tricks going on rhythmically, I fear embarrassment if I attempt to articulate them all. Excellent track here.    \\"You Know, You Know\\" is a slow jam in common time, but features odd accent placements, which can confuse many listeners into thinking that the tune is in an odd time signature. Another one of those tracks to let you gain a breather from the high-energy musings of past. Fluid, tasteful R&B-infused arpeggios and basslines dominate this track. Billy Cobham takes on more of a subtle, but equally effective role here, which in the least, showcases his versatility on his instrument.    \\"Awakening\\" sees the boys saving the wildest for last. This is the most energetic, fast-paced, virtuosic track on the album. Machine-gun drumming, lightning-fast passages from guitar, bass, violin and keyboards: all in unison, and at other times, separately. Strangely, this is the shortest track on the album, though with all of the hyperactivity crammed here, one gets the sense that it need not be any longer. Excellent musicianship all-around.    High-quality musicianship and taste to match. Fans of high-energy, virtuosic rock should soak this up. If you're into Jimi Hendrix, Frank Zappa, King Crimson or the like, you shouldn't pass this up. Rumor has it that the Mahavishnu Orchestra had an influence on the 1973-1974-era King Crimson. If there's any truth to that, I wouldn't be surprised. This outfit were highly influential on many musicians, especially of the virtuosic category. Pick this up, and see what all the fuss is about.
B00005YUTD|3.0|Having enjoyed Baby Mozart, we bought this (and Baby Van Gogh) for our baby--but this one was disappointing.  The most disturbing thing to me is the role that Julie Clark's two daughters play in this video.  They tell silly jokes, smile at the camera, hug each other--it's a little weird, frankly, and has nothing whatsoever to do with Bach.<br />The coordination between the music and the moving toys on the screen is also not as good in this video as in Baby Mozart.  The toys don't do as much, and the camera doesn't move in very interesting ways.  (On at least five different occasions, the camera just sits on a toy instrument, while someone plays a major scale--on a completely different instrument--in the background.  That's not very imaginative.)  Finally, I don't like the performances of the music on the synthesizer.  I think Bach can be performed on real musical instruments in ways that even very young children can enjoy.
6305313687|5.0|It surprises me that when I talk to people about this movie that a large amount of them haven't heard of this movie. This movie is does an excellent job at showing the true reality of racism in American. While not all racists are quite as radical as the characters in this movie, it does show racism in all is aspects. Edward Norton does an amazing job at portraying his character who's a leader and a an idolized racist who holds against the minorities because his father was killed by blacks. Edward Furlong plays Norton's little brother who looks up to him and adapts to his ways and tries constantly to impress his brother. Once Norton's character goes to jail for brutally murdering three blacks his little sets out and indulges himself further into the realm in which Norton had surrounded himself in. After Norton comes back from jail, changed and eager to leave the life he once lived, his brother begins to question his older brother.<BR>This all results in what turns out to be one of the strongest messages against racism that has been portayed in American cinema as of today. This is of course a movie for the more mature of audiences but I garuntee that whether you like it or not you will give your opinions some thought.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This DVD set is amazing.  It is great to see the episodes in the right order and see how the relationships and characters develop.  <BR>I would warn anyone with young kids that it is violent and deals with adult topics (prostitution, torture, government conspiracy, etc)
B00003CXCT|4.0|Will someone please let George Lucas know that not everyone was happy with the \\"updated\\" version of the SW Trilogy? I *hated* the new SFX. Some were good but most only looked superimposed on the old material. Changing the ending of \\"Return of the Jedi\\" really chapped my hide. It's not the film series I grew up with. I will only by the trilogy if the original theatrical version is released on DVD (and in a heartbeat, too).
B0000DD7LB|4.0|I can always count on Britney to give the goods, but I can't say that she gave her very best on In The Zone. There are some excellent songs on here but there is too much types of music that is thrown together: hip hop/r&amp;b, electronica, teeny-bopper pop.  So there isn't much of a theme with this album; she worked with a variety of different producers with different styles.  <br />Pros:<BR>Showdown<BR>Breathe on Me<BR>Early Mornin'<BR>Toxic<BR>The Touch of My Hand<BR>Everytime<br />Cons: <BR>(I got that) Boom Boom<br />Outrageous<BR>The Hook Up<BR>Brave New Girl<BR>Shadow<br />This is just in my opinion, it really depends on your own preference of music. I think that Me Against the Music would of been a lot better if Madonna didn't collaborate, I'm a big M fan but she didn't really seem to have much chemistry with the song.  Otherwise, this album isn't a complete disappointment and it's worth buying.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firelfy never got a chance to stretch its wings and fly. This DVD set does a great tribute to the actors, creators and writers. The more sold of this DVD set the more the realization of a movie next yet. Whedon is presently writing the script, so do your part and purchase this DVD set. Unlike others who have posted their reviews, I feel Dark Angel is a pale comparison other than its first year and not even in the same league as Firefly. OK the first year, but thats it. Come on people, a human/dog character?? Like Sliders, the lead actors ego killed the series. Leave writing to the writers, is the lesson learned there. Better to compare Firefly to Farscape, Babylon 5, and Stargate, for it keeps its promise for believable Science Fiction. The acting is tight, the writng far above average and the sets detailed and compelling. BUY THIS DVD!!!
B000006045|5.0|This is a work of pure art.  Mezzanine is PERFECT and that is rare to say, but this album has no flaws what so ever.  Every single track is absolutely alluring and it will take you on an emotional journey.  It's sensual and sophisticated; the beats and vocals are perfectly structured and arranged.  Music cannot get any better than this.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I have watched this DVD about 20 times and it keeps getting better.  Being an old rock and roll fan, I started wondering who some of the not-so-obvious musicians were. After doing a bit of \\"research,\\" I was blown away by the talent that was on the stage that night in Albert Hall. I wanted to share this with fellow music lovers so I posted a list of web sites that will give you some background on the amazing talent that was on that stage that night.
0131103628|5.0|I found this to be the best and most detailed C programming book I've yet encountered.  Examples are completely relevent to the topics covered.  Excellent coverage!  Anyone interested in learning C programming should get this book.  It is a must for serious programmers.
B000088E6D|5.0|Buble has a signature all of his own. His obvious love for the music he sings comes thru every note. I like Norah to, but I find that Buble has a respect and caring for the lyrics like no other.<br />It's pleasing to see this album, and this man receiving accolades worldwide - I would never have heard of him if it wasn't for friends in New Zealand who raved about his cd and his concerts. I guess it was only a matter of time before we caught on here.<br />Pardon me for straying off a strict album review, but his style and music sense is far bigger than just this great album. Every interviewer remarks on Buble and his sincerity and respect for words and music that 'move' people. To me thats what great music will do. Get this album, be moved, and spread the gospel of Buble.....
B000002UB3|5.0|...While drivel like Justin Timberlake get 5 stars...Anyways...this, along with Sgt. Pepper, is their best album, IMO. However, Abbey Road is my personal favorite. It's also the darkest and saddest album they wrote. I'll review the tracks seperately:<BR>Come Together - Fantastic opener, energetic, bass-driven song. John's vocals almost sound like rapping here.<br />Something - Lovely melancholy ballad, an ode from Harrison to his wife Patti Boyd. Even Sinatra said it was the best love song ever made, though he credited it to Lennon/McCartney.<br />Maxwell's Silver Hammer - Everyone seems to hate this song, but I really like it. It's kind of macabre, because the happy tune contrasts so much with the lyrics(about a serial killer).<br />Oh! Darling - '50s style song in which Paul really flexes his vocal chords. John was upset till the end that he didn't get to sing this one.<br />Octopus's Garden - Ringo's second real song(1st being Don't Pass Me By on the White Album). It's a sort of sequel to Yellow Submarine and it's much better. Nice harmonizing from the boys.<br />I Want You(She's So Heavy) - John's ode to Yoko, it's the longest Beatles song ever released and it's probably also their darkest. Very bluesy song with a great dragging bassline.<br />Because - A sad song with a very beautiful nine-part harmony and a great use of synths.<br />You Never Give Me Your Money/Sun King - YNGMYM is Paul's baby and sounds like different songs pasted together. Nice piano-playing from Paul. Sun King is another melancholy song with nonsense lyrics in some sort of Spanish/Italian gibberish.<br />Mean Mr. Mustard/Polythene Pam/She Came in Through the Bathroom Window - Not much to say about this medley except that the first two were written by John and She Came Through the BathroomWindow is Paul's.<br />Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End - I hardly ever listen to this because I can hardly bear to. Not because it's so bad but because it really sets the waterworks going. GoldenSlumber starts off gently but then Paul starts wailing in a Freddy Mercury-esque manner - now you know where Bohemian Rhapsody(possibly the most overrated song of all time) came from. Carry That Weight sounds like an army marching and is interrupted halfway through by a verse from You Never Give Me Your Money. The End contains the only drum solo that Ringo ever did in the Beatles and also the best line they ever wrote: &quot;And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make&quot;. What could possibly be a better ending for a band?<br />Her Majesty - A cheeky little song(23 seconds) dedicated to the Queen of England.<br />In short, there is no better way for a band to bow out than with an album like Abbey Road.
B000001GBJ|4.0|This striking debut album by Norweigian composer/keyboardist Rolf Lovland and Irish violinist Fionnuala Sherry is warm, winsome and lushly emotive.  Combining a strong classical influence with Celtic and popular motifs, Lovland has managed to create compositions that are appealing and accessible without being trite.  To consider Secret Garden a duo, however, would be inaccurate.  The core twosome is accompanied more often than not by a rich assortment instrumental and vocal soloists who more than hold their own, and thereunder by backup artists and sometimes an entire orchestra or chorus.  Lovland's deceptively simple melodies never lose their delicate touch though-- the backups just add variety, weight and depth to the tunes.  With the exception of track 10, \\"The Rap\\", the tone of \\"Songs From a Secret Garden\\" is almost homogenously slow and sad.  While I'm certainly a sucker for a sad song, it might have been nice to intersperse a few of the livlier, Celtic-inspired numbers that brighten up Secret Garden's subsequent releases.  But be it fast or slow, sad or bright, hearing the music of Secret Garden is an emotional and cathartic experience, and it makes you realize what's missing from so much of the music that the mass media exposes us to today--heart.  \\"Somewhere within us all there is a secret garden,\\" writes Lovland in the liner notes, \\"in which we can seek refuge when times are rough, or retire to in joy or contemplation.  For years I have visited my own secret garden in search of organic harmony and melody.  The songs on this CD are some of what I've found ...  It is my sincere wish that by uncovering some of my secrets, you will pay a visit to your own garden\\".  Go and visit--it's well worth while!  Later releases by Secret Garden, which only get better, are \\"White Stones\\", \\"Dawn of a New Century\\" and \\"Once in a Red Moon\\".
B000002J1Y|5.0|This 2 CD set is a classic live Yes album!!! Great early Yes in concert!!! Awesome!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
B00005JMCW|5.0|I saw this movie knowing it was a disney movie and not expecting much but after seeing it I was blown away. The movie has everything you could every want in this type of flick. Not only that the acting of both the daughter Anna and Tess are awesome. In the movie when Anna and Tess switched bodies, both actress made you believe they actually had switched bodies, that's how good the acting is. jamie lee curtis stole the show though. It is so funny. I can relate very well to the mother daughter relationship, maybe that's why I liked it so much. What a great movie
B00005UKE0|5.0|This is the late George Harrison's finest album!!! Actually in the days of vinyl it was a boxed set of three LP's!!! Now it's remastered on two shiny CD's!!! A classic!!! The newly remastered 2 CD set also has bonus tracks!!! The classics: My Sweet Lord,Wah Wah,What Is Life,Beware of Darkness,Awaiting On You All,Isn't It A Pity?,If Not For You,I Dig Love and the title track are all here on this 2 CD set!!! The other tunes on the album(CD) are also great!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+!!!
B00009RGBS|4.0|This film version of the stage classic is excellently done, with great dance numbers and a soundtrack that could make anyone fantasize about the free-loving, flapping days of the 1920s. The only thing I didn't like about it was the overplayed acting by Renee Zellweger; don't get me wrong, she's good--but it was pretty obvious that she tried a little TOO hard in her role as Roxie Hart. (The exagerrated lip-puckering and high voice got REALLY annoying after awhile.) Catherine Zeta Jones as Velma Kelly was a perfect choice, with her powerful singing voice and extraordinary dance talents. As for Richard Gere, he was a terrific choice for Billy Flynn; few other actors alive today could've pulled off that part so well. (Except maybe Jack Nicholson.) John C. Reilly--no one else could've played his part as Amos Hart. He was absolutely perfect!<BR>Overall, if you rent this movie, you won't regret it!
0060933275|5.0|This book is an amazing piece of literature that should be read by everyone between the ages of 13 and 50. Even though the main characters are two children, the plot is intriguing and absorbing. The characters are very developed, and the events range from the children's childlike endeavors to a realistic trial involving an accusation of rape. The title also comes into the book a few times, with the mentioning of mockingbirds signifying important events, and the question of which of the characters have mockingbird personalities. As it says in the book, it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because it simply plays music for people to enjoy, and does not do any harm.
B00008EYA5|2.0|&quot;S.W.A.T&quot; had an actual storyline and character development?....you could have fooled me. The movie was full of unnecessary choppy scenes and lacked any sort of flow....I have seen and enjoyed many action movies, but this was just a lousy waste of time. SO...why not one star??....Two Words...Colin Farrell....*Yum*
B000067IZ3|5.0|This film can easily be classed as one of the best films in past few years for style, script and stars. <br />The look of the actual film is clearly defined through the use of different colours of scenes (e.g blue for Micheal Douglas's subplot and yellow for the Mexican scenes). This not only helps the film to set out the different stories but it also marks a diffenece to boring cinematography, which has become standard in Hollywood of late. <br />The script is not only engaging and interesting but also provides a gritty realsim. The scene with the bratty, drug using teenagers about the problems with society reminded me so much of the conversations the &quot;rich kids&quot; at my university used to have. <br />Finally the stars. They ALL do a fantastic job but most interesting is the performance by Catherine Zeta Jones. This film helped her gain a credability she so richly deserved. I love the fact that her and Micheal Douglas aren't in any scenes together. <br />This film is a class act.
B00005JLR2|3.0|Somebody over at Disney needs to put down the crack pipe - you can't stick model rocket engines on a 16th-century spanish galleon and expect it to travel across the galaxy in 20 seconds. This movie's whole production design was so incredibly ass-backwards, it made my head spin. It's sad really, because the story is a damn good one, and this movie had a lot of potential. If those stoners at Disney had been spending less time taking acid trips to outer space, they would have done the reasonable thing: make realistic-looking spaceships and settings like in Titan A.E., and at least pay attention to whatever laws of physics you know about when you're sober. Instead, we get the most warped unreality ever seen on the big screen: There's breathable air in space, and the ship is rocket-powered, meaning that traditional sails would slow the ship down - so, of course, this ship keeps its sails unfurled at all times. Excuse me, but what team of clown-college flunkies decided that this would be a cool idea?<br />My advice? Either read Treasure Island, or watch a movie that doesn't insult your intelligence. This one makes Jimmy Neutron look like Shakespear.
B00005JMTN|4.0|Based on the best-selling novel by Daniel Wallace, \\"Big Fish\\" brings a larger-than-life story to the screen, in such a heartwarming and unique way that it provides an escape from the numerous violent films of the fall and still manages to entertain every member of the entire family. <br />Directed by Tim Burton (who has critically-acclaimed films such as \\"Batman\\" and \\"Edward Scissorhands\\" to his credit), \\"Big Fish\\" follows the story of Edward Bloom (Albert Finney) who has spent his entire life telling sky-high tales about his life as a young man (Ewan McGregor), and his son Will (Billy Crudup), who desperately wants to learn the difference between the fact and fiction in his stories. As Edward is bed-ridden with cancer, he tells his life story to his son, and we as the audience are swept away into a fantasy world only creatable from the imagination of Tim Burton. From touring with a circus, to one-eyed witches, giants, and conjoined twin lounge singers, the effects are stunningly creative and a literal visual feast for the eyes. Narrated by different characters throughout specific parts of the movie, it transitions through decades and experiences nearly seamlessly, and completely immerses the audience. But, unlike so many other films, the effects in \\"Big Fish\\" don't overpower the character studies that are explored. The love story between Edward and his wife Sandra (Jessica Lange) is touching, emotional, and well-portrayed, as is the tumultuous relationship between Edward and Will, which I found to be very realistic. Not only that, but the ensemble characters such as the circus ringmaster (played by Danny Devito), the long-lost poet (Steve Buscemi), and the piano teacher (Helena Bonham-Carter) are all fantastic, and add an extra punch to the storyline. Brilliant costumes and sets also illuminate the screen, and help to bring the world of Edward Bloom to life.    <br />\\"Big Fish\\" is by far one of the most imaginative films this fall, and with a strong cast and scriptthat satisfies every member of the family. Although it is rated PG-13 for some nudity and a fight scene, it is quite tame, and I would recommend it for even the smallest movie-goers, as they will be entertained by the magic happening on the screen.
067144901X|5.0|\\"A cow says moo. A sheep says baa. Three singing pigs say la la la!\\" This wonderful book by Sandra Boynton explores what sounds each animal makes. Not only do we learn what noises cows, sheep, and singing pigs make, it covers normal pigs, rhinos, little and pig dogs, cats and kittens, ducks, horses, and you. (Yes, I'm talking about you!)<br />My absolute favorite part is the singing pigs. `Three singing pigs say LA LA LA! \\"No, no!\\" you say, \\"that isn't right. The pigs say oink all day and night.\\"' The pictures are just as wonderful as the words. For the singing pigs, we see three pigs all dressed up in a chorus line, but for the normal pigs they are on all four feet without the clothes looking slightly gloomy because they aren't supposed to be singing. All the animals are cute, bright bold and colorful. This is another great book by Boynton.<br />Loggie-log-log-log
B0000DD7NL|4.0|The DVD is really great and gives an inside look to the woman who made this music, her thoughts, and the inspiration for Diary. As far as the actual album... it's well deserving of 4 stars. My top 3........ 1) You don't know my Name<BR>                        2) Heartburn<BR>                        3) Karma
B0000DD7LB|3.0|Ok, I'll just say I'm relieved to look at the credits and not see The Neptunes or Max Martin/Rami or anyone from her past albums lingering on these songs.  The Neps are a little redundant with their songs and Max Martin does nothing but bring on the teen euro-pop trash.  It's about time she branched out from them and did something different.  However, Britney doesn't seem to completely carve a niche of her own just yet.    Her singing hasn't always been the best, and this album proves it since it's not the key thing here. We all know Britney doesn't vocalize well without Max Martin or Rodney Jerkins (Glad he's not here too) covering it up with computerized effects to further demolish the music.  So now that she has a handful of producers, she at last shows she just wants a dance album of get--free songs.  It is a little bit disturbing to see her talk a little sheepishly about these songs in interviews, but maybe she's a little nervous about her &quot;work&quot;.  What other reason could she be &quot;against the music?&quot;  anyway, onto the music:<br />1. Me Against The Music- decent dance song, nothing special except it'd get me out on the dance floor.<BR>2. (I Got That) Boom Boom-  Tease-type hip-hop number that sounds a bit like a remade Slave 4 U only with a more bangin' sound.  Not too bad.  She does sound a little ridiculous saying &quot;ooh you're turning me on&quot; but heaven forbid Britney not show her maturity.<BR>3. Showdown- Not exactly the most interesting song, a little boring and sleepish.<BR>4. Breathe On Me- one of my favorites, although it sounds like something Kylie Minogue would sing.  But a good song regardless.<BR>5. Early Mornin'- Funky, decent layback song about a hangover in the &quot;early mornin'&quot; produced by Moby, pretty good.<BR>6. Toxic- the reported 2nd single.  not my choice, but it's her song.  the singing gets a little annoying when it's mixed with the technicalities and although the average guitar licks come in and out hereand there, it doesn't stray far from being a good song but something about it makes it annoying to listen to.<BR>7. Outrageous- People get over the whole R.Kelly collaboration deal. It's a boring song that could've been left off.  He could've done better but she just HAS to grow up so he gave her this lame excuse.<BR>8. Touch of My Hand- this one is another favorite, not because I'm a guy who likes this topic in terms of women talking about it, but it has a unique sound to it that is pretty good.  Nice instrumentation.  So what if she's talking about self-love?  At least it mixes well with the music, and actually makes a mature attempt to help boost her lingering womanhood.<BR>9. The Hook Up- This one is ok, not too special in my opinion, although the vibe is pretty convincing.<BR>10. Shadow- For once the MATRIX does a decent job.  Britney's singing is lacking a little but the song is good.  Beautiful instrumentation and the overall effect is pretty good. I like it.<BR>11. Brave New Girl- I skip this one usually.  It just bores me.<BR>12. Everytime- this is a beautiful song, a little childish sounding,  including the singing being sang in the head-upper register but I give her credit for making it work.  The piano mixes well with her voice and everything else. although I could've done without the percussion in the back and the random breathing between chorus and verse.<BR>13. The remix is good, bangin and danceable and listenable for that matter.<br />Overall the album isn't that bad. There are a few songs that could've been worked on and a couple that could've been left out and the songs that do sound good are often overshadowed by the triteness and dull lyricism of the half and half songs.  I'm no certified music critic/expert, but often I know decent music when I hear it.  This is close to the borderline, but Britney needs to mature more in her personality and how she carries herself for it to reflect in her music.  So she's not Christina Aguilera?  They all can't show themselves completely in music and photo-spreads.  some choose not to. And it works in this case.
B0000CAQ27|4.0|She's given up the clean pop image for a more adult image with music to go along with this image. The DVD is ok but not as good as I expected. The actual album is extraordinary. If I could I would rate it 4.5 stars, but I just rounded it off. Just shy of perfection.
B00002MZ12|5.0|As Alanis was contemplating an Unplugged session she was thinking that 'You Learn' so much in life that in 'Joining You' I feel 'No Pressure Over Cappuccino' in this setting and 'That I Would Be Good' enough that you might end up 'Head Over Feet' by the end of this lovely display and maybe 'Princes Familiar' might show up, at least 'I Was Hoping' she would but it would be 'Ironic' if she didn't but 'These R The Thoughts' of the 'King of Pain' as 'You Oughta Know' but then again I don't wish her to feel 'Uninvited' to this special event!<br />I was there when MTV began and when it shortly thereafter lost its way and turned into an overly commercialized and under utilized medium for &quot;Music&quot; television, I gave up on it.  Since that departure, the only thing that has rarely drawn my attention back to MTV is when one of my favorite groups or singers does an &quot;Unplugged&quot; show, such as this exceptional recording.<br />Alanis Morissette MTV Unplugged is a beautiful rendition of some of her best songs minus the &quot;electric&quot; connection and it serves delightfully in bringing out even more, that which makes her music so phenomenal, her exquisite voice and her astonishing lyrics.  Lyrically, much of Alanis' music is biting and there are those that may find those lyrics somewhat difficult to stomach; I entreat you to listen again because if you give it a chance, you may find that you've been missing something special.  She brings such a depth of emotions to her lyrics, followed up by an equally well thought out melody, that one cannot help but listen to and feel the emotions she's trying to convey.  <br />Simply put, this is another brilliant CD by Alanis Morissette and well worth the price!  I highly recommend this and any other CD by Alanis Morissette!  {ssintrepid}
B0000D96NW|5.0|Through The Ashes of Empires is Machine Head's Heaviest album yet. Somehow they made this great Heavy Metal album, and stayed on Roadrunner Records without getting a guest appearance from Ice Cube. Machine Head, you guys should be proud. I am. I actually didnt buy this album because it had the little red logo in the corner, but I'm happy I did. Imperium, the first song of 10 on Through the.. is the first I heard off it, and was very impressed on how much Machine Head have improved from Supercharger. Imperium is currently my favourite song of theirs. Bite The Bullet has a Sepultura type drum beat. But no Cavalera for Gods sake. Its pretty catchy, and still very heavy (Like Pantera and Shadows Fall) I'd love to see the boys do a video for this song, its good enough for a video clip. Left Unfinished... Heavy Metal with a good ol' Machine Head chorus. (No Nu-Metal verses if your wondering...) Elegy has Robb Flynn's best vocal work on the entire album. He has a great voice. He sings a lot of the song, except for the chorus of course. In The Presence of my Enemies starts slow with some distorted guitar, and a simple bass/drum beat, that biulds up into a killer riff. Flynn comes into it whispering with angst, but until the chorus he screams his lungs out and sings a fantastic chorus. Days Turn Blue to Gray is a little like Imperium in that it starts with a good guitar riff quietly and turns into a screamer, although it takes a while to get there for this one and it doesn't have the magic of Imperium. Flynn's lyrics are as they have always been, Hatefilled. This song has a good solo too, yes thats what I was thinking... Machine Head? Solo's again? Sweet! Vim is another heavy one, although the chorus in my opinion is missing something... But Demmel and Flynn's solo make up for it. All Falls Down has the most annoying start to a song ever. But about at the 30 second mark, Flynn does his thing again, and after that the song is great! Flynn's verses are really catchy. This would be a great Live Machine Head song to preform. Wipe The Tears... Uh-hoh... yeah... sounds like Roadrunner had something to do with this song... Don't like it... SKIP. 10. Last song.. Descend the shades of night.. Acoustic. This is what the album just needed. IT doesnt stay too soft for too long, The verses are very good, and wait til you hear they're solo!!!
B000001GKC|3.0|This was the only version I'd heard for a long time.  This was THE one to own.  I followed THE instructions like a good classical 101 listener and didn't bother to take chances.  The other day I had the privilege to listen to the entire 7th on public radio.  I was skeptical 'cause it was the Cleveland Orchestra/Christoph Von Dohnanyi.  Since the recording of the 7th by von Karajan was his(Karajan's)last recording or something...I thought it was 'pose to be this awesome finale to his 'recordings'.  Don't get me wrong...I got repeated rushes of pure God through this recording...but realized when I heard the Cleveland version that it could be done differently and sound terrrrrific.  I actually recommend the version I mentioned and see for yourself.  Byebye
B000050XEI|5.0|Hallelujah, someone finally figured out there is an appreciate audience for beautiful music.  It is obvious that, in general, popular music today is an ugly cacophany of malformed beats and crude lyrics.<BR>And then there's Enya.<BR>The best of New Age, the best of singers.  Enya has the most beautiful voice- the poetic lyrics on her CDs seem to bleed from her mouth, the soft whispers of home and love and family and nature. Each of the songs is carefully selected for its perfect harmony of words and flowing music.<BR>Some people will say this CD is rather short.  True- but the songs never get old.  I enjoy listening to it again and again.  Thank you, Enya, for giving the world the gift of your voice.
B00003CXA2|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies made. A &quot;slow&quot; mans journey through life. He is kind hearted and righteous. Follow his life through the twists and turns he makes. He meets Elvis  to .. going to war. Very entertaining film for all ages.
0446530891|4.0|Sean King let a presidential candidate get murdered right in front of him in 1996.  Michelle Maxwell let a presidential candidate get abducted only a few feet away from her today.  Coincidence?  No way, this is a Baldacci novel, and there are plot twists and turns aplenty.  The thing about a Baldacci novel is nothing is ever as it appears at first.  If you wait a while and think you have it figured out, just read a few more pages because it will do a 180 on you.<br /><br />The best thing about SPLIT SECOND is the ever changing dynamic between the characters.  They go from adversaries to allies and back again.  No one is what they appear as they all sort of team up to solve the abduction of the latest victim.  A number of bodies pile up along the way, but it merely adds to the mystery.<br /><br />Though the story loses some of its credibility at the end during an elaborate re-staging of a crime by the villain, SPLIT SECOND is still a lot of fun to read.
B00005JMFI|2.0|This movie had humor, I will admit that but its not great to even watch all the way through. This movie is for little kids. Teens and adults beware, its too cheesy to see.
0385504209|1.0|Interesting background viz. the sacred feminine. Horrible mystery writing. Spend your time and money reading Neal Stephenson.
B00003CXRP|3.0|This movie was very good. Man deserted on island. He survives for years and finally goes back home. One thing though is that I just don't understand the ending. I wish the ending was as good as the rest of the film.
B00005JM0B|4.0|Why am i doing reviews on New Year's?  Well b/c the bowl games on tv right now suck(2pm CST).  Anyway, after being more than disappointed with the Matirx sequels and Star Wars prequels(wht the heck were u smoking Lucas?) and finding out that Cameron had nothing to do with the script for T3, I had no expectations whatsoever for this film.  The movie itself has very good action sequences, in fact, I'm suprised I didn't doze off as I usually do during these mind-numbing, over done CGI enhanced escapades.  But what garners most of these 4 stars is the ending.  I had not expected it at all, believing the director would go the route that so many of his kind do: a nice tidy ending that leaves everyone with a warm fuzzy feeling.  Thank you Mostow.  Though I wish they gave more time to the final scene.  Maybe a scene like:...showing a close up of a mother holding her baby while tending to her garden on a bright sunny day, looking over her back to see the gray horror of a mushroom cloud in the distance..but i digress.  Also wish they had played Brad Feidel's classic in its T2 version.  That's the most bloody eerie movie theme in history...the greatest too.  Happy 2004 Festivus!
B00007GZQZ|4.0|Bought a big home, fixing it up and disaster ensues for the rest of the film, all of it is funny and you feel sympathy for them because all they want is to have a nice, normal home. Rent it and enjoy. I think it teaches us never to do home repairs with the spouse.
630027120X|5.0|'The Mission' is a powerful film about a group of priests trying to save their missionary from the greedy and corrupt regime of the Spanish and Portuguese.  Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons play subtle, but moving performance in this forest tale.  It is based on a true story, but be warned, it is not a happy story.
B00005U8EM|1.0|I hate this movie with a passion. The darn film is a total repeat and therefore is totally annoying and pointless, I am still angry with myself  for watching this peice of trash.
B00000IQC8|5.0|the first time i saw this movie there was barley any time i wasn't laughing. this movie pushed all the limits, and it was made for 27 grand.  from talking about william black's sexuall prefrences to playing hocky on the roof this movies is just the best thing ever made.
0783225792|5.0|This movie was very good. But it felt very long. Very entertaining and a great cast. This movie is very disturbing and quite funny.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|True rouge heros are few and far between. They are that rare character that men want to be, and women want to be with. There was Sean Connery, then Harrison Ford.  Nathan Fillion as Mal Reynolds is next.  Firefly is brilliantly written with sharp one liners that you wish you had the wit and opportunity to use in daily life.  What is unique about this series is the exceptional thought and attention to detail that went in to every aspect of each episodes production. You feel honored to watch it! The effects, cast and even the score are amazing! You must have this series.
6302859204|5.0|Man do I love this movie, I seen it coutless times and it still graps my attention. Based on a true story about a man who was abducted by aliens. You see him before he was abducted, his family and friends and how he was treated by the aliens in the SKY. This movie is so scary because its TRUE!
B000063K2W|4.0|This movie surprised me with how good it was played out with only a female cast. The story involves husbands, mostly unfaithful, yet there is not one male in the film. Norma Shearer is excellent, and the other women give memorable performances, as well. It was a unique idea and it worked.
B00000K3CR|5.0|Don't we all have  that wish as a kid ? TO LIVE LIFE AS A GROWN UP! Well this kid gets his wish. He gets a house, a job and other grown up  responsibilities but... he still has the mind of a ten year old. Very funny and unique film.
0679428895|4.0|It is August of 79 A.D. in the Bay of Naples and the Aqua Augusta, the aqueduct carrying water to the cities of the area, begins to dry up. Fish are mysteriously dying in their ponds. There are ground tremors and rock falls in the cities surrounding Mount Vesuvius. Some residents attribute these things to giants or to the wrath of the gods. But Marcus Attilius Primus, the aquarius, or water engineer of the Aqua Augusta, who is sent to Misenum to research and repair the problem, knows that there is a scientific explanation. As he tracks the aqueduct from its terminus in Misenum to Pompeii and then onward to the vicinity of Mount Vesuvius, he observes unusual natural phenomena, discovers the upheaval that disrupted the water flow, and realizes that an inevitable cataclysmic event is about to occur.<br />In this painstakingly researched story, Robert Harris has produced much more than a historical thriller. Although we know the story will end with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius and the destruction of the surrounding cities, Harris has built suspense by describing the mysterious disappearance of the former aquarius Exomnius and the attempts of the officials of Pompeii to prevent Attilius from discovering the truth. This book also provides fascinating detail on the culture of ancient Rome, from the feasts in the sumptuous villas to the ingenious plumbing in the bath houses. It provides details on the aqueduct system, a marvel of Roman engineering. Each chapter is prefaced with an excerpt from a treatise on volcanos that describes the causes of, and events occuring during, an eruption. The reader is entertained while learning all this, and is not overburdened with facts and figures.<br />The characters are well developed and fascinating.  The brilliant writer, naturalist, and scholar Pliny the Elder, and the pompous and wealthy city developer Ampliatus come to life through Harris' talent. From slaves to powerful land barons, from laborers to statesmen, the reader is treated to all facets of the citizenry of ancient Pompeii. There is also a weakly developed love interest between Attilius and the daughter of Ampliatus. This is the one part of the story that would have been better if left out. Even with that flaw, the book is compelling reading with a built-in ancient history lesson.ated to all facets of the citizenry of ancient Pompeii. There is also a weakly developed love interest between Attilius and the daughter of Ampliatus. This is the one part of the story that would have been better if left out. Even with that flaw, the book is compelling reading with a built-in ancient history lesson.
6304884419|5.0|This was Dinero's directorial debut. This movie was satisfying on every level. It had romance, action, a wonderful plot, great setting and climax after climax. I watched this movie so many times and I still love it. Lilo Brancato is so gorgeous and a wonderful actor.
0385504209|5.0|I just couldn't put it down.Characterization may not be perfect but as a suspense book it's more than fantastic.It also teaches you something about history and actually my view of Christianity is changed by this book. It's very good!
B000084T18|2.0|I gave 50 Cent an honest chance. I tried to like him. But listening to this CD, I was just lying to myself. I knew all along when I first popped in the CD, that this SUCKS. Now In Da Club, the smash hit, is a good song. Its along the quality of an Eminem song and holds your interest with nice beats and quick, slick verses. Its just a shame the rest of the CD isn't the same. The rest of the CD is boring, dull, has no great beats (If I Can't has an okay beat though), and just plain sucks. How can people say this guy is better or even as good as Eminem or Dre? He's boring, sings bad, has bad beats, and is always boasting about guns and fights (Wanksta), women (P.I.M.P.), and clubs (In Da Club) just like all the other boring rappers of today. This guy is extremely overhyped, go buy some Eminem or Tupac CDs if you want good hip-hop.
B00005OM4N|1.0|Britney tried to go a different direction with this album, and reaaly she should have just stuck with being a marketing tool. She CAN'T sing. Her music is just plain terrible, if she wants a different, sexy direction that would be artistic then being a stripper at some classy bar would be a better bet than releasing this.If you bought this album, then I suggest the best way to use it would be to beat the person who reccomended this to you with it. If you are looking for some good music I reccomend Tool or Pink Floyd. If you want an album that has been released recently I suggest either the new Perfect Circle,the Beatles album, or Coldplay.
B00005AQE8|5.0|I believe this to be 2pac's best record. He was hungry, coming straight out of jail and recording this double disc album. It has so many classic tracks. Life Goes On, Cali Love RMX, Only God Can Judge Me, Picture Me Rollin, All Eyez on Me,  I Ain't Mad At Cha, and many more. Life Goes On is one of 2pac's deepest and most impressive tracks he ever did. So is Only God can Judge Me. I know you don't want me babbling on about how good this album is so I will give you 3 words. CLASSIC BUY NOW.
B00005ASHM|3.0|When the editors of Rolling Stone put out their magazine on the top 500 albums, I looked in it and saw that the only album in the history of rock music that beats this album is Sgt.Pepper,WHAT? I borrowed this album from someone and listened to it, and don't get me wrong it was very good, and no doubt ahead of it's time, but still number 2? Rolling Stone is not the only people who feel this way,in the liner notes it is praised by both Paul McCartney and George Martin, in the VH1 100 greatest albums it was rated number 3(Nevermind was 2 and Revolver was 1).But when I think about it maybe I feal this way because I was not around when it was put out, maybe I truly do not understand why people are saying it was so great. My true opinion is that it is a very good album and should be listened to and maybe even bought but don't trust the quality of this album by looking at Rolling Stone, listen to it and if you love it that much then buy it, but I still think it is very overrated.
B00005JM1F|4.0|If you're looking for a raunchy comedy that is both funny and goofy, &quot;Old School&quot; is it.  While it's in no way an outstanding movie, it gets the job done in the Funny Department.  I'm not really picky when it comes to comedies.  As long as I laugh, I'm pretty happy.  This movie made me laugh numerous times, no matter how goofy or lame the gag.<br />Mitch thought he had the perfect life, until he came home early one day and found out some of his girlfriend's &quot;erotic&quot; pastimes.  Needless to say, the two break up and go their separate ways.  Now, Mitch has to move out and start a new life, while still being broken up about the whole ordeal.  His friends, Beanie and Frank, are determined to get their friend to be happy again---so they decide the best course of action is starting their own fraternity!  The guys may be in their thirties, but they still know how to have a good time and live it up as if they were still in college.  However, the dean is none too happy with the new &quot;frat house&quot; and is determined to get it shut down, no matter what it takes.  All of this leads up to a very hilarious movie.<br />Directed by Todd Philips (&quot;Road Trip&quot;), &quot;Old School&quot; is highly entertaining and comical.  It's raunchy, of course, but it still knows how to be funny without going over-the-top in every scene or gag.  While it's in no way a masterpiece, I was very entertained for the entire 1 hour and 32 minutes.  Luke Wilson and Vince Vaughn are very funny in their roles and really make the script work.  The person who really steals the show, however, is none other than Will Ferrell as &quot;Frank 'The Tank.'&quot;  I don't know if the movie would have been half as good without him.  He really knows how to take his comical antics to the limit and is never afraid to try anything new (even if it means &quot;streaking&quot; in a neighborhood, only to be caught by his new wife moments later).  All in all, the movie has many elements of hilarity that works most of the time.<br />The DVD has some neat features to offer.  One of the main highlights is that this is &quot;uncensored&quot; and shows footage that could have never been shown in the theatres.  I've never seen the theatrical version, so I have no idea what was added.  I do know that it is an extremely outrageous movie and can tell why exactly it is &quot;uncensored.&quot;  Surprisingly, this movie is offered in DTS.  I don't really see this as a movie needing it, but hey, I'm not about to complain about it.  Extras included are bloopers and outtakes, deleted scenes, featurettes, commentary, and more.  Plenty of cool features to play around with.<br />I ended up really enjoying &quot;Old School&quot; for what it was.  There will be many people who will not enjoy the raunchiness of the movie, but there will be many others who will.  If you're looking for just a plain ol' good time, then this might be the movie to check out.  The movie did its job and made me laugh.  That's usually all that I look for in a comedy, and this film succeeded in doing that--many times, for that matter.rity that works most of the time.<br />The DVD has some neat features to offer.  One of the main highlights is that this is &quot;uncensored&quot; and shows footage that could have never been shown in the theatres.  I've never seen the theatrical version, so I have no idea what was added.  I do know that it is an extremely outrageous movie and can tell why exactly it is &quot;uncensored.&quot;    Surprisingly, this movie is offered in DTS.  I don't really see this as a movie needing it, but hey, I'm not about to complain about it.  Extras included are bloopers and outtakes, deleted scenes, featurettes, commentary, and more.  Plenty of cool features to play around with.<br />I ended up really enjoying &quot;Old School&quot; for what it was.  There will be many people who will not enjoy the raunchiness of the movie, but there will be many others who will.  If you're looking for just a plain ol' good time, then this might be the movie to check out.  The movie did its job and made me laugh.  That's usually all that I look for in a comedy, and this film succeeded in doing that--many times, for that matter.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney, who has been voted the most powerful celebrity on the planet again this year by Forbes magazine, goes above and beyond what was expected of any female pop star with her breath taking collection, In the Zone. The opening single &quot;Me Against the Music&quot; featuring Madonna is 4 minutes of pure pop perfection, with catchy hooks &amp; a sizzling backdrop. Spears turns up the best material of her carrer here, &quot;Breathe on Me&quot;, &quot;Shadow&quot;, &quot;Everytime&quot; &amp; &quot;Toxic&quot; being perfect examples. And while her voice may not be the best in the industry, she proves that she knows her limits and keeps things within her range without struggling which makes her wise well beyond her 21 years. <br />Britney is and will always be one of the greatest pop artists of all time and this album does a great deal to reflect that statement. I was speechless when I first heard this record and after one listen you'll know why. This album is brilliant.
B00005JLEU|5.0|There's a reason why so many people are in awe of this animated film, and it is because it's SPECTACULAR. I had no idea what I was in for when I picked up &quot;Spirited Away.&quot; I only knew that it was loved by so many different people, including my friends. So, I decided to take the trip and see what it was all about. I have to say that this is a stunning Anime that is larger-than-life.<br /><br /> This fantasy epic is about a little girl named, Chihiro. She gets separated from her parents when they visit a strange place that turns out to be a spirit world; a world that doesn't take too kindly to humans. When her parents transforms into pigs as punishment, Chihiro is forced to take a journey into the unknown and find the courage that is buried deep within herself. As she meets strange and magical creatures, both good and bad, Chihiro starts to realize all of the things she had once taken for granted. The lessons she learns will determine the success of her accomplishments--and will also determine the fate of her parents and herself.<br /><br /> It's hard to put into words of what I experienced when I was watching this breath-taking film, but I can tell you that taking the ride is well worth it. &quot;Spirited Away&quot; is a pure and energetic example of how powerful the art of animation can be when it comes to story-telling. This movie is everything a mystical journey should consist of. There's danger, and yet, there is also heart--and a lot of it. This would not have been as successful had it been filmed in a live-action movie. The art and scenery that we are presented with really goes beyond imagination. The creative mind of Hayao Miyazaki really snaps into action as he brings this powerful and unique story to life. The film also has some magnificent characters and themes.<br /><br /> There are some cool things that this 2-disc DVD set has to offer. First of all, the picture and sound quality is really superb. You can either watch it with an English audio track or the original Japanese track. They did a really good job of dubbing it in English, as I have a hard time trying to read subtitles and keeping up with what's going on at the same time; so there, I benefited a great deal. Others might prefer the original Japanese track, which is why it's great that the DVD offers both. Extras include numerous featurettes on the making of the movie and the thought process behind it.<br /><br /> I really loved &quot;Spirited Away.&quot; It surprised me so many times throughout, and I was never once disappointed with the results. If you're looking for a great journey to take in the world of Anime, then this is the ride to take. It's breath-taking, imaginative, and stunningly beautiful. Do not be turned off by the fact that this is an animated feature, otherwise you might end up missing the trip of a lifetime. It's a ride I enjoyed taking, and will continue to take again and again.Japanese track. They did a really good job of dubbing it in English, as I have a hard time trying to read subtitles and keeping up with what's going on at the same time; so there, I benefited a great deal. Others might prefer the original Japanese track, which is why it's great that the DVD offers both. Extras include numerous featurettes on the making of the movie and the thought process behind it.      I really loved &quot;Spirited Away.&quot; It surprised me so many times throughout, and I was never once disappointed with the results. If you're looking for a great journey to take in the world of Anime, then this is the ride to take. It's breath-taking, imaginative, and stunningly beautiful. Do not be turned off by the fact that this is an animated feature, otherwise you might end up missing the trip of a lifetime. It's a ride I enjoyed taking, and will continue to take again and again.
0553573403|1.0|I bought this book based on the good reviews.  However, I am supremely disappointed for a number of reasons.  First, the novel is not a &quot;fantasy&quot;.  It is more a tale of intrigue, treason, treatchery etc set in medeival times in an unknown land. It is fiction to be sure but there is absolutely nothing &quot;fantastical&quot; about it.  If you are looking for medeival fiction this may be ok, but even then it is mediocre at best.<br />Second, the story is slow, slow, slow - there are parts that glimmer however they are seperated by page after page of fluff.  Everytime a new scene begins an intricate description of what each character is wearing is ALWAYS incorporated. Why do we need to be told ad nauseum about every little detail right down to the underwear!  I love descriptive writing but after a few times we get the idea of each characters' dress - we don't need to hear it over and over and over - maybe just remind every now and then.  The characters are developed reasonably well and some are unique and interesting however the superfluouse descriptions leave me skipping entire paragraphs....<br />Third, he has stolen several names from Tolkien.  MAJOR violation of ethics in my book: for example there is Samwell a fat noble - remind anyone of a fat, tricksy little hobbit?  Oh the character is very different, but the name and the physical characteristics are too close to be coincident.  Then there is Pyp, awfully close to Pippin Took aka &quot;Pip&quot; and others as well.<br />Anyway, the book had potential if it had been condensed down to 400 pages.  But as it stands at 807 pages it is an agonizing read; short sections of a good story seperated by fluff. Don;t get me wrong, the guy is a good writer, but he is in need of a ruthless editor.
B0000CNY27|5.0|Hailed as a cult classic by many, John Carpenter's &quot;Escape from New York&quot; is finally available in a more-than-appropriate DVD edition that does the film justice.  A dark movie filled with danger, action, suspense, and even humor, this is the classic that gave birth to the ultimate outlaw and anti-hero; Snake Plissken.  Now, you can relive the movie like never before.<br />In a post-apocalyptic world filled with crime and violence, the entire city of Manhattan has been transformed into a prison--a death sentence to most.  Here, the prisoners are sent once they are banned from society and are forced to stay a life sentence to fight on their own.  A crisis is before the people who are in charge of the prison, as the President has been kidnapped and is being held hostage by the very people they dedicated their lives to lock up.  The only chance they have is a former war hero turned outlaw, Snake Plissken.  They make him a deal that if he can bring back the President alive, all of the charges against him will be dropped.  However, there's yet another catch; the main man in charge of the prison has injected Plissken with an explosive device that will be the end of him in less than 24 hours should he not be successful, insuring that he won't &quot;flee&quot; the scene.  All of this leads to an exciting and thrilling cult classic that is loved by many.<br />John Carpenter has done a terrific job of painting a dark and bleak picture of law enforcement as we know it.  At the same time, he does an excellent job of creating a successful and subtle satire of law and authority.  The script is always clever and surprising.  While the movie might be a little dated, it still does not take away anything from the raw effect the movie has on us.  Kurt Russell is fantastic as the mono-toned &quot;Snake Plissken.&quot;  He makes the role his own and stands out as one of our favorite anti-heroes in film.  All of the right ingredients to make a successful and exciting film are there.<br />This new DVD edition is a lot better than the previous one.  The picture has been remastered in high-definition, which truly stands out as an accomplishment.  The sound is decent, but we must keep in mind that this is an old movie and the sound can only be restored so much.  Extras included are commentaries, photo galleries, an exclusive comic book, featurettes, trailers, the deleted scene of the original opening; the bank robbery, and more.  I can tell you for sure that I am much more pleased with this edition of the film.<br />&quot;Escape from New York&quot; is definitely one of those films that stands out from the rest.  It is a cult classic for a reason, and that reason is undeniable.  While it may be overlooked by some, the ones who really appreciate it for what it is benefits a great amount of deal from it.  If you're looking for an exciting thrill ride with action, suspense, and humor, this is the one to check out.  A superb film on every front.ere.<br />This new DVD edition is a lot better than the previous one.  The picture has been remastered in high-definition, which truly stands out as an accomplishment.  The sound is decent, but we must keep in mind that this is an old movie and the sound can only be restored so much.  Extras included are commentaries, photo galleries, an exclusive comic book, featurettes, trailers, the deleted scene of the original opening; the bank robbery, and more.  I can tell you for sure that I am much more pleased with this edition of the film.<br />&quot;Escape from New York&quot; is definitely one of those films that stands out from the rest.  It is a cult classic for a reason, and that reason is undeniable.  While it may be overlooked by some, the ones who really appreciate it for what it is benefits a great amount of deal from it.  If you're looking for an exciting thrill ride with action, suspense, and humor, this is the one to check out.  A superb film on every front.
B0000669JL|4.0|surely Bob Marley's \\"Legend\\" is the definitive collection of his greatest work. its sales have eclipsed not only that of any other reggae artist records but also rank among the top selling pop/rock albums of all time. a message of compassion could be found in just about any lyric he wrote and a certain element of the blood sweat and tears that saturated Trenchtown are instilled in every musical note. simply put this album has done so much for the island of Jamaica, its people, its prosperity, sense of pride as well as the principals of rasta. this is my homage to the man who truely brought reggae to the world stage. that being said, he is but one shade of the many beautiful colours of reggae music. it is disheartening to think that this music will only ever be defined by bob's work alone. the music existed decades before his arrival to the scene and has continued on strong since his untimely departure. if you want a good sampling of original reggae and rocksteady, \\"Tougher than tough: the story of Jamaican music\\" is a terrific place to begin cherishing this sacred music. you see the incredible strides this wonderful music has made during its evolution. Bob being the flag bearer that he was for reggae allowed it the exposure it so desperately needed. artists like burning spear, aswad, black uhuru owe as much to bob as bob does to artists like desmond dekker, the maytals, lee perry and jimmy cliff. if you like bob much respect.....but dont forget about his progenitors, peers and students.if you have legend you are already supporting reggae. pick up tougher than tough to witness its development. you wont be disappointed.
B00005221L|5.0|An earth bound &quot;Alien&quot; which maybe a little better than Ridley Scotts film. Arnie comes into this film as a commando who has been sent out in the jungle with his team on a wild goose chase to hunt and kill a mysterious monster that has killed the patrols sent down there to investigate. However Schwarzennegger doesnt know that the predator is not of this world and is bent on hunting them down until they are dead. One of the finest films in science fiction history and nothing is comparable except &quot;The Terminator&quot;. Special effects that will blow your mind, &quot;Predator&quot; is a must for Science fiction/Action lovers.
0451191153|4.0|Ayn Rand takes every aspect of the human experience and personifies it in Howard Roard, Ellsworth Toohey, and the various other characters in her work. while I am not individualist and only read this work to see why Rand was such a famous author, the philosophical issues brought up require thorough examination adn thought - THIS IS NOT A FLUFF BOOK. You cannot read this book once and put it down, satisfied and ready to move on to other fiction. While some readers complain about the lack of &quot;romace&quot; in the relationship between Dominique and Roark, you must realize that the relationship is less about romance than about expanding the horizons of experience. Some of the reviewers here have decided that the innate violence of the interpersonal relationships is unnecessary, but it is a stark reminder by a woman who had first-hand experience in the Soviet system that humans are inherently dangerous animals. If you keep in mind that the book si not so much a story in and of itself as it is a commentary on teh human condition and teh different levels of self-actualization, I think you will find that this book is well worth the concentration and time invested. If you liked this one, and want a bigger taste of the dangers of communist idealism, try Atlas Shrugged, also by Ayn Rand.
B0000AQS6U|2.0|I was disappointed. The bonus cd has all the same songs as the 1st cd. I feel this is not the best example of the 'Best of Cher'.
B000063147|5.0|a7x is the best band in the world,this is their first cd and it is rawer then their second but also very kick ass.the second one is better..
B00003CXAE|5.0|Ever since I was 9, I have loved Grease. Sure, then, I didn't know what &quot;those words&quot; meant, but I still enjoyed the singing, dancing, and fun!!<br />John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John star in this delightful musical-turned movie. Danny and Sandy meet at the beach one summer(&quot;when she swam by me it gave her a cramp&quot;-summer days) and have good times. But then it gets colder and they are afraid they'll never see each other again. Wrong!! Rizzo does something sneaky and they get to see each other again- but Danny is so caught up in trying to be cool that he fails to be the &quot;Danny from the beach&quot;. Filled with tons and tons of great songs and funny lines, if you haven't seen this movie I wouldn't just rent it- I'd buy it! My favorite songs were Summer Nights, Grease Lightin, You're the One that I want, and There are Worse thing I could do. You will love this movie!
B0000TB014|5.0|This is going to be the most critical review I will ever do of Michael Jackson. &quot;Number Ones&quot; was Ok, but it could have been so much better.<br />Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough: A bit better than the video for &quot;Rock With You&quot; but not that great. <BR>*<br />Rock With You: Basically just Michael singing in front of laser lights. <BR>*<br />Billie Jean: This is a good one. Michael is being followed by a secret agent, who is trying to prove he slept with &quot;Billie Jean&quot;. Whatever Michael touches lights up. Interesting. <BR>****<br />Beat It: This is good too, like all the videos (rather, short films) from the album Thriller. Michael is lying on his bed, telling you about these 2 gangs who are out to get him. Then he goes out and unites the 2 gangs, they are all dancing together in the end. <BR>*****<br />Thriller: This is the original, full-length Thriller. And it's great, even by today's standards. Excellent use of all-real special effects (no computers used). Thriller is basically a mock-horror film, lots of zombies and stuff. <BR>*****<br />Bad: This is not the full-length Bad. I don't know why, but this DVD shortens/speeds up a lot of Michael's best short film, and it's really annoying. Well anyway, even though Bad is short, it's cool. Great choreography. <BR>***<br />The Way You Make Me Feel: Ok, Michael basically is chasing a girl.<BR>**<br />Man In The Mirror: Doesn't actually show Michael, instead it shows policticans, famine and war victims, Mother Theresa, you get the point. It has a nice message, but I don't think it was a good choice for this DVD, which was meant to be chowcasing Michael's talents. <BR>*<br />Smooth Criminal: This is NOT the original Smooth Criminal. Instead of the original, they sped up all the dancing and added snippets from the movie &quot;Moonwalker&quot;. Although I was disappointed about this, I still liked this one. It was kind of scary. But I don't know why they didn't use the full version. *****<br />Dirty Diana: Alright, but nothing to write home about. Michael is at a concert singing about &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, a groupie.<BR>**<br />Black or White: Argh! They shortened Black or White! Damn it, damn it. It only shows the first half, ends after the girls turn into boys, before the panther bit. I'm annoyed, but it's still good.<BR>****<br />You Are Not Alone: I have never seen the original for this, but there is apparently meant to be a bit where Michael has wings. This isn't on the DVD. You can see Lisa Marie Presley in this one. It's quite nice.<br />***<br />Earth Song: Probably my favourite on this DVD, it's so cool. Michael is sad because the forest was burnt, and it keeps flashing back-and-forth from him and other people who have had bad thing happening to them. At the end, you see this person who has been shot open his eyes. Then everything reversed and the world is good again.<BR>*****<br />Blood On The Dance Floor: This is just one version of Blood on the Dance Floor. I can't say I really like the video, but it's a good song.<BR>**<br />You Rock My World: This is nice. Erm, I don't know how to explain it, but it ends in a fire and features Chris Tucker, from Rush Hour Two.<BR>****<br />Overall, I was disappointed with this. Don't get me wrong, I like the videos, but they left out so much. What they should have left out was: *Rock With You<BR>*Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough<BR>-Both were just a bit dull, and Michael has so many better videos than these.<br />*The Way You Make Me Feel<BR>*Dirty Diana<BR>-Both get boring very quickly.<br />*Man in the Mirror<BR>-Doesn't even show Michael.<br />Also, they should have had the full-length Bad, Smooth Criminal, Black or White (and You Are Not Alone?). Also, a different version of Blood on the Dance Floor.<br />To make this really good, I think they could have included some more stuff from HIStory (especially Scream and They Don't Care About Us) and Dangerous (In the Closet, Heal the World?), as most of his newervideos are better than the older stuff. They should definitely have had Ghosts, his best short film.
B000084T18|5.0|If you don't like to go too the club and dance this is not the album for you. You can pretty much play every song on this album in the club. I definitely put 50 on the same level as Biggie, Tupac and The Punisher for being able too make the streets go bananas. You play these songs 5-10 years from now and the club will still bang.<br />ONE
B00006CXXU|5.0|No Doubt about the voice of this incredible diva. That was already proved an her self tilted debut. The new image that christina give us is the true her. By co-write all the songs in this record it is inevitable that this record is her best and most personal work ever. Being stripped down her soul with some hardcore beats and powerful lyrics this girl his here to sstay on top. The old teeny bubble gum image was really release by her record label. Look beyond the tattooes and the piercings christina is trully a unique artist !!!!
B00005Y7L4|5.0|this movie i have, it is literally the best movie to come from Japan. it is just about a distant future of Japan with the unemployment rate at 15% and students refusing school. in this the parents are afraid of their own children and to remain control, the government creates the Millenium Education Reform Act V, also called Battle Royale this movie has some really realistic death sequences and an exteremely interesting plot, no other movie cancome close to its magnificence. But like everything else in this world, it is aimed at a certain audience, the people who like this movie also like movies like Kill Bill, and other extremely graphic martial arts style movies. so in short, if you like movies with alot of action and plot you'll certainly love this movie like i do, the sequel is almost out on dvd as well but only for region 3 dvd players.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence has deliver the rock this its newest level. The lead vocalist is a crazy chick that should be singing opera the song are probably 2 dark for some people but in overall the albun is an incredible mixture of opera and rock. This an goup at its 100% !!
B000035Z1Z|1.0|A limp half-hearted attempt at a romantic screwball comedy that just doesn't work on any level. God knows Meg Ryan is cute enough, and she had a slew of other successful romantic comedies under her belt at this point, so she should have been able to waltz her way through \\"French Kiss\\". I guess director Laurence Kasdan just really dropped the ball here. Some very bad decisions on Ms. Ryans hair (which looks like someone hacked it up with garden clippers) and oversized, mannish clothes which are headed towards Annie Hall but end up making her look like Ellen DeGeneres, i.e., sexless instead of gamine. You also wonder until the last couple scenes if she was hiding a weight gain, or even pregnant...why cover up an attractive actress to this extreme a degree? But no, it's just bad costumes.<br />The usually attractive and funny Kevin Kline is very awkward here. He's working a half-way decent French accent, but it feels like he is straining. The character is poorly developed and not really likeable...\\"Luc\\" never reforms (\\"Kate\\" has to return his stolen diamond necklace to save him from jail), so we don't see a sea change in his criminal character. When Kate gives Luc her $45,000 life savings, accumulated for her marriage to Tim Hutton, you have to shake your head and wonder if she will ever see any of it again. It just isn't too believable that you would give this amount of money to a near stranger and leave yourself totally broke.<br />I couldn't help but wonder when Gerard Depardeiu turned this part down, why they didn't get a genuine French actor like the wonderful Jean Reno (here in a minor part as a police detective) for the part of \\"Luc\\"...he would have been far better, genuinely French, and not stereotyped. But he's not Hollywood handsome like Mr. Kline, and this movie goes for the lowest common denominator.<br />The comedy is very low-brow with a dopey theme around lactose intolerance and a really terrible scene where Meg Ryan (trying to spy on her ex-fiance) trips clumsily into a cartfull of gooey pastries. Awful, Three Stooges stuff.<br />Worst of all is the ending. The least you expect in this type of film is a big romantic pay off at the end, where the characters discover that they love each other after all. Not here. The movie just runs out of gas (or maybe film)...it feels like Kasdan just had no clear idea of how to end things.  Luc appears magically on Kate's return flight to the US...next thing you know, French music is playing and they are hugging in his new (paid for by her) vineyard. (Oh for the days of pre-9/11 when you could even fantasize about barging onto a plane without a ticket.)<br />Adding to the general lackluster lameness...several scenes are totally in French with NO subtitles. These scenes appear to have some importance to the plot and while we can roughly guess the subject, it is just plain annoying not to know the actual dialogue.<br />I don't know real estate prices in the South of France, but my instinct tells me that $45,000 would not buy a vineyard with a charming old house. Probably not even a decent downpayment. (If it IS enough money, I am packing my bags immediately.)<br />To me, movies like \\"French Kiss\\" are not romantic at all. You don't feel any connection to the characters, there are no \\"surprises\\", you never feel those heart tugs that maybe they will NOT get together and you get no catharctic release when they finally DO get together. This is further proof (as if it were needed) that it's THE SCRIPT, STUPID. You need a great, clever script...even more than the actors. Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline are basically decent performers, but they have zero chemistry here.<br />Only good point - so little sex or erotic charge that you can happily watch this with smaller children (if they can stand the boredom) or your great grandma.
B000069AUI|4.0|This album his an other political album of the year with message<BR>an every status, (economics,love,freinship,war,jesus. this revolution record feels with metaphores on politics and sort... really is a work of genius. Beyond anybody expectations. Doing all that and still keeping the youth cred coldplay has deliver us an wonderful and educational year in the music industry. But it is nothing compare to Parachutes which was a ***** stars record.
B0000CDL93|1.0|If you want the truth, watch the Discovery Channel or the History Channel.  They've done some excellent documentaries on the subject.<br />The only thing this movie gets right was the fact that JFK was shot in Dallas.  The rest is a bunch of giant lies!  Stone should be locked up for passing off this fiction as truth.  And what's most unfortunate about it is that young people will believe this nonsense as what really happened.  It's not!  Lies!  Lies and more lies!
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Personnaly I dont like Brtiney Spears but I think that she had a good track on the last album (im a slave 4 u). But this one his pretty amazing. With the mixture of country in Boom Boom I got that and r&amp;b, plus an overseas of pop at a new thecno level like madonna did in american life britney has prven that she is here to stick aroun for other years to come. SHe really hasnt done anything on htis record just like the previous one, BUT she did wirte a song so give her cred for that. New beats new attitude a hole new Ms Spears
B000089RVR|2.0|I will be one of the few who writes a negative review for this album, and I consider myself a Dido fan. Her debut album was wonderful. Therefore, I expected some great new stuff in this one. There is very little to none at all. No new ideas, no experimentation, no pushing the limits, not variety. Great filler material but nothing compared to her first work. Welcome to the world of commercial success, where you have to push creativity aside to keep the dough flowing. Dido decided to play it safe and remain very Dido'esque on this one. Yes, she is original; yes, she has special sound, but too much of it twice in a row gets a bit boring. Some nice Dido-like tunes, but no serious work here. Move along. Even the hyped White Flag is nothing special. Do yourself a favor and get it for $1 at iTunes.
B0000CAQ27|3.0|Pink has been deliver music for the past 4 years now and her missunderstood album his by far her best work. But this one is not impressive at all. The Lyrics and the musicality is good. But there is a problem with the sound. An this record she had a lack on the production part. Despite a great voice and her words there is nothing else to try on this record. In conclusion Pink just lost her magik... lets hope not.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|Cher is a great artist to watch, see, and to meet.  Her personality just suits everyone who loves her music.  I personally don't have the chance to go to any of her concerts.  But the DVD did me proud.  I tape the original on tv.  I decided to get a DVD for the future.
B00009V7RF|4.0|The BEP has never stripped themselves like this to the  new sound. This is a mixture of popular sound and underground sound its a new revolution of musik for the pop people and the bootleg people.its a new face of BEP but it doesnt compare to the previous record I dont see why are they getting cred now it was supposed to happen since the first CD. Despite all the sounds its a record for the human nation with a hip hop twist.
B00008AWOD|5.0|Let me start by saying that this CD IS A W S O M E!!!<BR>The first few times I listened to it I kinda liked only the first single &quot;The Bitter End&quot; and the rock-ballad-like &quot;Special needs&quot;.<BR>But let me tell you, now I can't stop listening to it.<BR>I have been a huge fan of placebo since I heard &quot;Every You, Every Me&quot; in Cruel Intentions Soundtrack, and have bought every single new song they have put out, but rest assured that this is their finest work, until now. If you liked their previous albums, don't waste any more time, and if you haven't give it a shot, you surely have nothing to lose!!!!!<BR>Respect
B000089RVR|4.0|Dido is still shinning with her own style of music her voice and her sense for musicality. Life for rent is a humanize record that anyone could identified themself to amazing work. A new kind of dido also not like the first one. Unlike others dido proves that she can be back for a second time around.
B0000C9JFO|5.0|Xavier, the young man whose story this is, often has a look of pure delight on his face as he observes and participates in the lives and loves of his house-mates, a mixed international and every-shifting bag of young students who somehow manage to live together in a messy communal apartment in Barcelona. His look is of unadulterated love and appreciation of their diversity, their quirks, their secrets - and that's exactly, I believe, the look my husband and I had on our faces as we watched this movie last night. Yeah, it was New Year's Eve, but we never go to parties; we stay home and watch movies and do our own thing. L'Augerge Espagnole was wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. The BEST way to bring in the new year. <BR>I guess you'd call this a coming-of-age piece. It captures vignettes in the interrelated lives of these young people and a couple of others on the fringe, notably a neurosurgeon and his new shy wife, whom Xavier met on the plane. One of the best scenes is when his lesbian housemate instructs him about the seduction of women - graphically - so he can go about making his move on the shy wife. It works, and it's wonderfully done. Another great scene is when ALL the students mobilize to prevent Wendy's boyfriend (she's the Brit) from discovering that she's having herself a fling with an American; her doofus kid brother is the one who comes thru by shoving Wendy under the bed and, bare-chested, taking her place in bed beside the very confused American - well, you have to see it to appreciate it fully. Audrey Tautou is here, too (remember? The girl from Amelie?), as his unhappy girlfriend left behind in Paris. He describes her perfectly: She's a mess. Then he uses the same words to describe himself - and of course, both are correct. But who cares? It's a movie of life, love, youth, freedom, joy, diversity, acceptance, forgiveness.<BR>Don't miss it.
B00006ZCFH|4.0|This is not erykah Badu best work but it does not sound like anything ahe has done in the previous albums. this is an new breed of Ms Badu with original sound and lyrics adn some phat overload lyrics. The new special effects used in this records reflet on the titled itself because Ms badu is still underground and down to earth with her music evne after all this fame. !!!!!!! WONDEFUL WROK !!!!!!!
B0000E6I1J|4.0|&quot;Concert for George&quot; is an excellent honor to the career of one of our master musicians.  The Indian music on the first CD influenced George greatly.  While it may not be quite as accessible as the more popular music on the second disc, it is fitting that it is included here.  On the studio tribute &quot;Songs from the Material World&quot; that appeared early in 2003, some of the same songs were also covered as on this disc.  My favorite on this disc is Tom Petty's rocking version of Harrison's &quot;Taxman.&quot;  Where the Rolling Stones' Bill Wyman did a more loping studio version, Petty and the Heartbreakers cut it crisply.  Moutain's Leslie West did George's &quot;Old Brown Shoe&quot; with a blistering guitar solo while here Procol Harum's Gary Brooker generates steam with slide guitar.  The Kinks' Dave Davies did a great version of &quot;Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth)&quot; where Jeff Lynne adds some real passion to one of George's most beautiful melodies.  Todd Rundgren did a wonderful cookie cutter version of George's excellent &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;; and here Paul McCartney and Eric Clapton make this an excellent moment on &quot;Concert for George.&quot;  I also greatly enjoyed Ringo's version of &quot;Photograph&quot; with the lyrics taking on an exceptional irony now that George has departed the material world.  Harrison's music was incredible for his spiritually enlightening lyrics, amazing lead guitar that seems to weep with emotion, original melodies and great wit.  His music will be played for generations; and &quot;Concert for George&quot; is a fitting tribute to this incredible man.  Enjoy!
B00008H2LB|5.0|There first records was a succesful one but i really didn t like it. But The guys said it themself the first one it was just to show people that we are acapable of getting a record deal and making ggod music. Since then they have used there money wisely to invest time in this 2nd one cause it is inveitably a masterpeice. linkin Park are the only artist that as the power to bring a new generation of kids and young alduts to its area in the hard rock category. Rock for youth at its best !!!
B00005JM0B|2.0|I suppose I should grateful that we have been graced with a final installment, but given the enthusiasm for trilogies of late, is this one wise? I think not. Despite the abundance of extras and goodies this is pointless. I haev been generous in allowing it two stars. It shows that the absence of a good story cannot be patched up with the now all too familiar CGI scenes. Arnie looks and is old and the intensity that Linda Hamilton brought to the earlier two films is gone. But hey if you're a fan enjoy, if not avoid.
B0000TAZBK|5.0|I am one of the lucky few I suppose.  I was looking for the Return of the King soundtrack in a local electronics store and found the set with the DVD for $26.  I wanted the cd without the DVD for the lower price, so I reached up to the top shelf and pulled out a stack which had a large tan colored box.  Curious, I pulled it out of the stack and it proved to be this trilogy set.  The price tag was $34.  I thought, &quot;What a find!  For less than $10 more I can get all three soundtracks and I don't have any of them!&quot;  I bought it.  My Aunt wants one as well, and now I cannot find the set anywhere.  It doesn't say Limited Edition on the cover, but it obviously is.  I came here to Amazon to see if I could get it for her and the price of $50 dropped my jaw since I paid about $15 less.<br />Still, this is a great set to have.  The pictures are wonderful and to have all the beautiful music from the movies in one complete package is worth even the $50.  Buying all three separately would still cost more in most stores, but you don't get the photos (which seem to be every alternate cover offered and then some).  Trust me, finding this set in a store is extremely difficult as most stores say they were sent only one and the first lucky person to find it snatches it right up.  If you're considering buying it, but the price tag is making you hesitate, don't.  Especially if you never bought the first two soundtracks.  At this point I doubt you'll find it new and cheaper...and since it's limited, if you don't buy it now, you might miss out.
0385512104|4.0|To those who are constantly trying to understand autism, this book is a gift.   Communicating with an autistic (child or adult) is a constant challange.  Of course all autistic people are different,  as are the rest of us, so it is a mistake to think that Christopher is stereotypical.  <br />The stress of raising an autistic child is dealt with very well.   This disability must be among the most difficult for families to cope with.  I would have appreciated an additional character:  a non autistic sibling .  <br />I wonder how the book plays with readers who have never encountered autism.  .
B000001FQQ|1.0|This is Kiss at their worst. I heard them on the radio saying they put 15 songs on the album because they were classic songs. Give me a break. Half the album's songs are throwaways. This would have been better as a 9-track album
B0000CEB4V|5.0|Received this incredible DVD as a Christmas present, and upon viewing it was simply blown away!  I'm not usually a fan of concerts, particularly tribute concerts, put to DVD.  They almost always fail to re-create the vibe or feeling of the live performance.  This concert is the exception that proves the rule.  Great songs played by legendary musicians in tribute to their friend.  And, perhaps that's the main thing that separates this from other tribute concerts.  Each and every performer loved George, and that love is apparent throughout.  Each and every performance is magical, and watching becomes almost a spiritual experience.  If you're reading these reviews because you're thinking of buying, then think no more.  This is a sensational DVD - 5 stars is not enough.  Buy and enjoy!
B00006GFAB|1.0|Kiss have more compliation albums than I have had hot dinners. This is just a rehash of other compliation albums. Nothing new here. Double Platinum is far better
B00000I3JM|5.0|This is supremely beautiful music from an unusually artistic Glasgow, Scotland trio. For the many listeners who own just \\"Hats\\" (their excellent followup)   \\"A Walk Across the Rooftops\\" is, an many ways, a deeper and even more exceptional and ageless album. Paul Buchanan's brilliant,  passionate singing across these seven songs creates a rare mood and is something to behold. His tactile, touching, often urban-detailed lyrics (Glasgow, its buildings, streets, rain and people, seems an almost spiritual influence) are subtle, poetic and lock themselves away deep within your memory. A sense of romantic yearning on songs like \\"Tinstletown in the Rain\\" and \\"Stay\\" and of solitary loneliness on \\"Easter Parade\\" and \\"Automobile Noise\\" call to mind (of all things) 'Only the Lonely'-period Frank Sinatra. The Blue Nile's  evocative music manages to be that rare combination of emotionally stirring and spiritually soothing, music that touches a deeper core, and in this sense, it reminds me of the work of John Coltrane. This and the two other Blue Nile records might well be appreciated by fans of Kate Bush, Tom Waits, David Sylvian and Nick Drake.
B000000WA4|5.0|everything pearl jam, radiohead, and most of what tool has done is genious.  Although not everything smashing pumpkins have done is, this album definitely is, moreso than any of their others
B0000DJZB9|4.0|I am, and always will be, a monster fan of Guns N' Roses. As a 16 year old listening to \\"Appetite For Destruction\\" in 1987, I thought the sky was the limit for this band. They were young and talented, and I was convinced they would become one of the greatest acts in rock n' roll history, and not just the hard rock genre. To me, Axl Rose was the next John Lennon. He seemed to possess it all- a unique voice, exceptional songwriting skills , and a captivating stage presence. Unfortunately, he and the other band members never lived up to the promise of \\"Appetite For Destruction\\"- internal tension, drug use, and the increasingly egotistical behavior of Rose ultimately resulted in a complete implosion of the original lineup. These days, only Rose remains, and there has not been a new Guns N' Roses album in more than ten years,as fans of the original GN'R find it difficult to refer to Rose's new lineup as Guns N' Roses.<br />The \\"Welcome To The Videos\\" collection has been available on VHS since 1998, but finally hit DVD in 2003. The best videos are from the early, \\"Appetite\\" era- watching \\"Welcome To The Jungle\\" brought me all the way back to 1987, at least temporarily. Back then, the band was hungry, living the true \\"sex, drugs, and rock n' roll\\" lifestyle. Guns N' Roses took over MTV in the spring of 1988 with the video for \\"Sweet Child O' Mine\\", which catapulted the band into mainstream America, and both the single and the \\"Appetite\\" LP to number one on the charts. GN'R closed out the 80's with clips for \\"Paradise City\\" and \\"Patience\\", and as the 90's approached, GN'R seemed ready to lay claim as one of the great rock bands of all time. <br />The two \\"Use Your Illusion\\" albums, released in September 1991, spawned nine videos, including \\"You Could Be Mine\\" which does not appear in this collection, likely because it contained several clips from the film \\"Terminator 2\\". The videos for \\"Don't Cry\\", the epic \\"November Rain\\", and \\"Estranged\\" attempt to form some kind of threepart story. None of them make complete sense, but \\"Rain\\" is gorgeous to look at. Prominently featured in the clip is model Stephanie Seymour, Axl Rose's then-girlfriend. However, these videos and the others from the \\"Illusion\\" albums reflect the changes occurring within the band; two original members were gone by then, and the once ferocious intensity which carried Guns N' Roses to the top in 1988 was slowly but steadily in decline. Videos for \\"The Garden\\", \\"Dead Horse\\", and \\"Garden Of Eden\\" are all throwaways, without any memorable images. None of those songs were released as singles, so why were there videos for them? Worst of all is the band's final video effort, \\"Since I Don't Have You\\", from \\"The Spaghetti Incident\\". Featuring actor Gary Oldman as the devil, the video presents the band members frolicking on a beach with women, while Rose is tied up and gagged for some reason. It essentially completes the band's downfall- no longer hungry, GN'R were now rich and uninspired, a trend which still carries on as fans continue to wait for Rose to release \\"Chinese Democracy\\", complete with new band members, delayed since 1999. This video collection garners four out of five stars from me, based on the strength of Guns N' Roses early videos and \\"November Rain\\". I'll always love the music of Guns N' Roses, but definitely not all the videos.
B00005JMTN|3.0|3.5 stars, actually.<br />In 2003, there have been two films wherein a young man must try and salvage an unsatisfactory relationship with his father at the time of the latter's impending death: THE BARBARIAN INVASIONS, and now BIG FISH.<br />Will Bloom (Billy Crudup) is called home to attend the deathbed of his father Edward (Albert Finney/Ewan McGregor). Edward is a constant teller of Tall Tales about himself and his life, and his son is frustrated because that's all he's ever heard from Ol' Dad, and he knows nothing of the real person behind the facade. However, remaining true to form, the dying Edward persists in rehashing his outlandish stories; he finds a new audience in Will's wife, Josephine (Marion Cotillard).<br />Any similarity between the two films is perhaps superficial, especially since THE BARBARIAN INVASIONS may be one of the best of 2003, something BIG FISH cannot aspire to. In the former, the son comes to terms with his father by dealing with the health crisis of the present and there are no overt special visual effects. It's poignantly realistic about life and death, or at least to the degree that the director envisions. In BIG FISH, Will must discover his father's essence by delving into the past, and the film's funky visuals are everything. And the Tall Tales are truly tall, as when young Edward parachutes behind enemy lines in the Korean War or, later, is accidentally roped into aiding and abetting a bank robbery. And how about the one where traveling salesman Edward encounters such a deluge of a rainstorm that his car ends marooned in the top of a tree? The problem is that the natures of the yarns are so varied that the overall continuity of the film perhaps suffers. But is there any truth to Edward's improbable stories? Only at the movie's end does it all come together.<br />Albert Finney is suitably crusty as the aged Edward, and Ewan McGregor is engaging as the younger version. The talented Jessica Lange is wasted in the role of Will's mother. Danny DeVito is swell as circus owner Amos. But, the quality of the performances is almost irrelevant as the allure of this quirky film rests with its \\"look\\". Go see it if you're easily bought off with cool visuals.r. Danny DeVito is swell as circus owner Amos. But, the quality of the performances is almost irrelevant as the allure of this quirky film rests with its \\"look\\". Go see it if you're easily bought off with cool visuals.
0060254920|5.0|This one will last forever. If you're destined to have a bunch of grandkids, nieces and nephews in your life, you might as well buy Where the Wild Things Are by the dozen, because every child must have his or her own copy. My 32yo son even has a framed print from this book in his bedroom, which proves the staying power of this classic.<BR>It all starts when Max dons his wolf suit and makes mischief of one kind or another. His mother sends him to bed without any supper. In his pique, he gives in to fantasy, and so the journey begins to the Land where The Wild Things are, and Max tamed them with the magic trick of staring into all their yellow eyes and saying, Be still! Oh, it's marvelous - a nightmare that's not at all scary; a monster book with creatures that Max manages to dominate - and the monsters wanted him to stay, but Max said NO! and he sailed back to his very own bedroom where his supper was waiting for him. And it was still warm.<BR>BUY IT.
B00009V7T2|5.0|&quot;Wow&quot; is all I can say after hearing this nearly flawless album.  Cedric and Omar have brought the best of At the Drive-In to the Mars Volta in this first searingly emotion full length album, combining daringly original guitar riffs with emotion-filled vocals.  Although this cd is a theme album and should be listened to straight through, a few tracks especially stand out like Roulette Dares (the Haunt of), Eriatarka, Cicatriz ESP, and Televators.  All in all, if you don't own this album already, buy it.
B000056HRZ|5.0|Since its release in 1942, Casablanca has been watched multiple times by millions, perhaps billions of viewers. No one can find a thing to criticize. Superb casting (Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains, Peter Lorre, etc.), an old love affair rekindled, the threat of Nazi takeover, it's all here. Bogart plays Rick, the ironic and apolitical Casablanca club owner. He and Bergman met and loved earlier, and now she turns up with her husband, who wants help escaping from the country. The plot thickens and gets murkier and deeper - and Bogart plays the rou, honorable in the end. One of his best roles. In fact, one of the best roles ever played by any of the actors.<BR>If you've never seen it, do it now.
B000003S16|5.0|Musta been back wayyyyyabout 1980, listening to here comes the flood with that crazy scientist recording.With my girfriend in the 69 bug. Some songs are magic.<BR> but I had another girfriend that woul'nt let me play the cd cause the other songs.<BR>Cause some songs are so incredble harsh. Your house my house.<BR>Paints so real a picture.<BR>Havn't listenen to it for at least 2 yrs Can't find it.<BR>But one of the most incredible albums I've ever listen to.
