0590259385|5.0|The rhymes are so lyrical and fun and the illustrations are beautiful.  I have it memorized and my toddler loves it too!
0790733897|5.0|No matter how many times I see this movie, it grabs me the way it did the first time.  In 1967 I had an apartment very near where Bullitt's is and I love all the scenes of San Francisco throughout the movie.  It still has a  simple realism that captures you. Current movies could learn from it that  less is more.  Everyone mentions the chase scene, but I think the airport  scene is great too. The jet taking off on top of Bullitt, the shooting of  Ross, and the very real reaction of the ordinary people at the airport to  the shooting.  I will watch over and over again.
0385473788|3.0|I don't intend to be critizing anything to do with the Holocaust because it was a terrible thing.  But this book surprised me because when I started reading it, I thought it would be more like a historical account of life in  those times. The book was more about Anne Frank and puberty and how life  was tough living in such confined living quarters.Don't get me wrong, this  book definitely gave me an idea of daily life in the Frank's family, but I  was hoping she would tell more about what was going on in the world that  she knew of instead of all about Peter.
B0000025ZF|5.0|Roger Waters once again turns his beautiful poetry into great songs.  Many people think that you need to have beating drums and a wailing guitar to make it into a great song, but Waters does it with his lyrics.  If you're a  fan of &quot;The Final Cut&quot;  and &quot;Amused to Death&quot;  you  won't be disappointed in this album.  This album lets you think and use  your imagination to figure out what the story is really about.  Claptons  plays brillantly on guitar, and the story and the album flow nicely.  I'm a  big fan of The Final Cut and this album is like that except its a dream  instead of a war story.  Great album, a must of any Waters fan.
0380002930|1.0|This book was so incredibly boring,. I wish I could give it a no-stars rating. I mean, who cares about a bunch of rabbits. The story was very confusing and got me totally lost. All that happened, was rabbits did this  and rabbits did that. There were a few occasional parts that were remotely  interesting, but not enough to make it worth reading. I would have stopped  reading as soon as I started it except that I had to read it for school.  But if you are thinking about getting this, I recommend you save yourself  the time and money.
B00000IMTH|4.0|This is a great hard rock album with a fair amount of diversity for a Rainbow album.  Of course, every song packs a great Blackmore solo.  &quot;Gates of Babylon&quot; can about give you chills with its combination  of a string section and Blackmore's guitar.  &quot;Kill The King&quot; has  one of the best riffs Blackmore ever came up with.  &quot;L.A.  Connection&quot; is a really cool song with cryptic lyrics from Dio and a  bit of piano.  Only two tracks are kind of weak--&quot;Lady of the  Lake&quot; feels kind of underdeveloped and &quot;Sensitive to Light&quot;  is a not very interesting attempt at a more pop direction (foreshadowing  where Blackmore was headed next).<br />Unfortunately, as other reviewers have  noted, the production is really flat and the sound is kind of thin.  I was  hoping the new remaster would help out with the sound (&quot;Blackmore's  Rainbow&quot; sounds fantastic on the remaster), but the improvement is  only marginal.  May be this one just needs a complete remix.  May be they  lost the master tapes. Still really good, though.
0380973464|5.0|Very enjoyable. As usual another exploration of the religion of technology (I mean that in most positive way). I know some people here have said that he went on too long (that chapter written in all email format was  particularly aggravating), although I actually had the opposite opinion.  Did you notice that by the end he just didn't seem like finishing up  importnat details? How did Bobby Shaftoe die? That comment about a  &quot;blaze of glory&quot; was total bunk after building that character up  so much. And why was Randy the focus of the gold dig and not his partners?  <br />Moreover, I don't think Neil handles female characters and romantic  themes all that well. He does, however, have the lonely male thing nailed,  too well.<br />Still, I love his books. Highly recopmmend them to anyone who  will listen to me.
B000006NPY|5.0|Adore is dark, depressing, and beautiful with incredibly crafted lyrics. Maybe the most fluent and trussed Pumpkin album.  Personal top-five songs in no particular order:  Perfect, To Sheila, Behold! The Night Mare, Appels  and Oranjes, The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete.
630512065X|5.0|I loved the video! i liked the way it all came together at the end. i saw the video for the first time and flipped because it was nothing like the stageshow that i saw. Then i developed a crush.. bwhaha. Drew Varley. hehe.  and my bestfriend developed an obsession with Jacob Brent.  Keep up the  good work! &gt;^..^&lt;
B00000BKDY|5.0|I love this cd! I know that some people don't care for this as much as their other stuff, but I think it's still a great albumn. On this cd, they started to experiment with synthesizers (it's actually a guitar played by  Adrian) and some didn't think that it went together or Iron Maiden just  souldn't have used them.? Personally, I think it's awesome!  The raw energy  on this disc is incredible! &quot;Caught Somewhere In Time&quot;,  &quot;Wasted Years&quot;, &quot;The Loneliness Of The Long Distance  Runner&quot; and &quot;Stranger In A Strange Land&quot; are the best songs!  Oh, and talk about power; check out &quot;Sea Of Madness&quot;! Turn up the  volume and hit track #3...whoa!  It'll blow-up your speakers! I definelty  recommended this CD! You'll love it!
630512065X|5.0|hey again. it's me. i don't want to write much but i just wanted to say that CATS, even though it's closing will live on forever. bwahaha Purrs and Meows &gt;^..^&lt;
B00000BKDW|5.0|This CD is awesome! Anyone that listens to heavy metal music should already have this albumn, but if you don't...GO BUY IT!  The talent of the guys in this band are unparalled!  &quot;Aces High&quot;, &quot;2 Minutes 2  Midnight&quot;, &quot;Powerslave&quot; and &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot; are definetly some of the best metal songs ever written.  There is no other band that I've heard that has MORE talent; I guess that's  why they have played to crowds in excess of 500,000 people (Yeah, over 5  football stadiums full)!  Believe me, if you love great metal, YOU WILL  NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS RECORD!  Don't listen to the negative  comments left by others; hear it for yourself. Iron Maiden rocks like no  other!
6305546789|5.0|I live in the imfamous &quot;Doyle&quot; home and I love every minute of it. &quot;Halloween&quot; is a great movie full of great people! :o)
0380796090|3.0|Yes, I agree, not nearly as crisply written as Bridget Jones Diary or High Fidelity, and the narrator's talking to her audience felt rather sophomoric.  Still, it was an engrossing, if predictable story and the  relationships between family members and their good natured skewering of  each other was lots of fun to read.  I also enjoyed the Irish humor,  dialect and sensibility.
6304411448|5.0|i think this movie was amazing, johnny depp's ability to execute the chaplinesque routines was amazing. Mary Stuart Masterson was enchanting. Johnny Dep was funny while not saying anything his facial features showed  it all.  This movie i believe was one of the best i have ever seen
B000002H2H|5.0|The greatest album ever made by Metallica. Kill 'Em All, Master Of Puppets, (even) Garage Days Re-Visited, ...And Justice For All, (black) Metallica, are all great, but this one has that extra edge. All the songs  are freakin' awesome, and the best song that Metallica has ever produced is  on this album, FADE TO BLACK. It's beautiful, and heavy metal at the same  time. It's a pity that they can't make music like this anymore. PLEASE!   To the aliens that abducted the long haired Metallica members, BRING THEM  BACK!
B000002JST|3.0|This is my least favorite of the Bon Scott albums (although I still haven't tried '74 Jailbreak).  Problem Child is a good song but it is really the only one I like on here. If you're looking for some old Bon  Scott albums, I would recommend them in this order....... <br />1)Powerage  2)Highway To Hell 3)High Voltage 4)If You Want Blood 5)Dirty Deeds Done  Dirt Cheap 6)Let There Be Rock
B000002H33|5.0|I love this album, (old) Metallica is my favorite band, too bad they don't exist any more. For anyone who is reading this review and is not a metal listener, i suggest you should buy this. But I have a hard time deciding  which one is a better album, Ride The Lightning or this one, who cares?   They're both good, because this is (old) Metallica, when the band members  had long hair, and B@! $ (&lt;---figure that out) :-).
0805062971|5.0|A fantastic novel. I was unable to put it down until the  very end, and I read it again three times. You can almost  feel the atmosphere, dark and chilling, creep around you and suck you in into this very beleivable world.  The  book moves in a fast pace as it takes you through the  disturbed minds  of the characters, who are described  very realistically. Mesmerizing. Very  intense. Just great.  Try it for yourself- although I would advise against   reading it if you don't like books with dark atmospheres.
0385484518|5.0|Wow, what a book.  It took me only an hour to read and I knew how it ended before I even started it.  This book still touched me deeply.  I can honestly say that this old professor taught me things that I never dreamt  needed teaching.  It is really so simple. It is hard to describe how much  it affected me in the few days since I read it, but it definitely has made  a subtle impact on how I deal with people and on how I feel about life in  general.Let me say that Morrie's words will continue to change my life for  the better.<br />As the Title to the review alludes to:  If you only read 1  book, let this be the one.
0446310786|5.0|&quot;To Kill A Mockingbird is an excellent book I just finished and think that this novel is the greatest one I have ever read in my life. It is interesting the way the children grow up in this part of the United States of America. My favorite character are Scout and Atticus because they are  very interesting&quot;  Kulsoom
6305750750|4.0|This movie, which was killed by fanatical hype, was actually not as horrible as it was made out to be.  The Phantom Menace quite accurately captured the present situation in today's America, with unseen powerful  forces coniving to gobble up power.  However, I must disgree with a  previous review which stated Darth Sidious was Bill Clinton.  Lucas  apparently sees the bad guys as those on the other side of the fence:   &quot;Nute Gunray&quot; = Nute Gingrich &amp; Ronald Reagan; &quot;Lott  Dodd&quot; = Trent Lott; and of course, Darth Sidious is... well I'll leave  that up to the imagination, though everyone knows that Luke Skywalker is  Sen. John McCain, &quot;fighting his way out of the Death Star.&quot;  But  seriously, the movie is okay, and could only have been better with less  computer animation and fewer known actors.  Only seeing Episode II will  prove whether or not the set-up was worth it, but I suspect that it was.
B000009ED0|5.0|I hadnt heard of Kid Rock till about 6 months ago. A coworker and I were in the car when I heard 'Batwataba', or whatever, and I just laughed and was actually quite turned off by it. Then I heard 'COWBOY' at work a few  times, over the satellite and I thought...this is just FUN!  I do not  listen to rap..except one artist: TOO SHORT.Nobody does IT better than Sir  T.O.O. I not joking....I dont listen to anybody else, but I am serious  about my Too Short raps! I am biased because I just found out yesterday,  Short Dog produced Kid's last album. I came into possession of 'Devil  Without A Cause' a 4 days ago...I would not want to guess how many times I  have listened to it since. When pumped through a couple of 15's it is a  different CD, THIS CD HITZZZ!  Too Short is the only other who lets the  808 ride like the KID. The CD is an emotional rollercoaster. Songs like  'Only God Knows Why' tugs my lonliness strings tight, while 'Just Wasting  Time' exhibits a &quot;good time, f__ked up, how u do?&quot; attitude.   &quot;Welcome to the Party&quot; is well recieved by meshing conceptually,  &quot;eatin shrooms, drinkin Boones, trying free my mind&quot; to &quot;let  your mind be free&quot; after. It has an &quot;old school&quot;,  &quot;lower brain&quot;, &quot;feel me&quot; appeal you cant stop. I find  myself bumpin it constantly...unconsciously!  Anyone who listens to 'Black  Chick, White Guy', will never look at KID the same,,,,Bellie Da'!  Needless  to say, I have a new found respect for K.R. I cant wait to get &quot;Grits  Sandwiches for Breakfast&quot;, I dont expect it to be as good but, S**T  you cant have steak everyday. I will also say that this CD is not for  everyone!  &quot;I got no love, I got no riches, I dont roll vogues and I  aint got switches, I got no game cant reward ya, but if you want a long one  baby...I GOT 1 4 YA&quot;. W/O Short, I hesitate to say I would be as big a  fan. The CD has a song or two I dont like, but maybe with a little more  listening....wilc. Hope this helps sell a few more for the KID.  Later.......
0800141601|1.0|This movie was an insult to the Arthur legend.  I knew that in the theatre.  But then my girlfriend bought the DVD (she loved the movie) and I sat down to watch it again.<br />It was worse the second time through!   At  least the first time I got into the costumes and stuff.  But this time,  even Sean Connery was bad.  This film was worse than Dragonheart.<br />And as  a DVD?  Useless waste of a 10 cent disc.  &quot;Bonus&quot; materials?   None.  And the improved picture and sound quality do nothing to make the  movie any better.
B000002L9J|5.0|What is the definition of a perfect album?  Of course, a collection great songs would be one of the requirements, but it needs more than that.  The album as a whole should be greater than its individual parts.  Also, and  most importantly, it needs to have a strong aura...or feel...or vibe.  'The  Queen Is Dead' meets all the requirements.  Easily, half of the songs could  be considered classics.  And, for how great these songs are, the collection  of them together surpasses the greatness of the songs themselves.  As far  as aura goes, this album always brings you to another place.  With every  track, YOU ARE THERE!  You're there at the &quot;cemetry&quot; on that  dreaded sunny day, and you're there when the double-decker bus crashes into  you!  Seriously...I always think of England when I listen to this album.   I've never actually been there, but whenever I hear it, images of England  bounce around in my head.  (And, for whatever reason, it's usually  raining...)  But, that's how powerful of an aura this album has.
0783233477|5.0|Interesting movie with a different twist. Not your everyday movie. Death(Brad Pitt)comes to take the life of Bill(Anthony Hopkins) and is so overcome with his life he decides to take a closer look. So he lowers  himself to a man, taking the identity of Joe Black and moves into Bill's  life, business, home and family. And as long as he'll share life with  death, death will allow him to live. Death gets more than he bargains for  when he falls deeply in love with Bill's younger daughter Susan (Claire  Forlani)and finds himself feeling every human emotion including love, sex,  sorrow, success and even compassion. Death learns of a love you can not go  through life with out, of life fullfilled without regrets...what will he do  now....watch this incredible movie about love, success, romance, power and  compassion and find out for yourself. In a touching hospital scene Joe  Black says he is not the devil or evil. He is from the otherside an angel  of death. The entire cast was perfect. I enjoyed this movie and bought the  DVD version. Treat yourself to a good movie...long but moves right along.  Worth your time.
B000021Y77|4.0|Are we seeing alternate universes, or examples of philosophical determinism? Who knows. Being simple of mind I just sat back and enjoyed this movie as an entertaining comedy.<br />Actually you see the same twenty  minute movie three times, but not to worry as each time you sit through it  different things happen, and you are served a different ending. Lola has  just twenty minutes to come up with 100,000 marks to rescue her boyfriend  from a humorless drug dealer. Will she do it?<br />To add to the fun watch  the English dubbed version, and observe the difference between what is  spoken, and what is written in the subtitles. Example: Spoken - &quot;You  are a cuckoo's egg&quot;; Subtitle - &quot;I am not your  father&quot;.<br />Professional reviewer Maltin says the repeat performances  get tedious. I say that watching Lola run is fun. I wish I could get a Run  Lola Run screen saver for my computer.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I had never seen the Godfather until last week.  You see, I really didn't think I would like it; almost every video I own is either science fiction or comedy, so this film never sounded appealing to me.  Gangsters?  Blood,  murder, and death?  I'm a sensitive gal; I was certain that a film of this  sort would hold no interest for me.  My fiance wanted to see it, though, so  we rented it and I was entranced from the beginning.  Every performance is  incredible and the action and intrigue are nonstop.  I literally could not  stop watching.  The depth of the characters and how beautifully the actors  bring that across would be enough to make it a worthwhile film, but add  that to a plot, filled with enough twists and turns to keep you breathless,  and the movie is darn near perfect.  I didn't even want to watch this film  a week ago; now I will purchase it as soon as it comes out on DVD.  I would  highly recommend it to anyone.
0803723865|5.0|My 3 year old daughter loves this book. Within a week she knew most of the words and she now 'reads' it to herself while looking at the pictures. The rhymes are well written with plenty of repetition, making them easy for a  child to learn. We read it together most days. It ranks with the Dr Seuss  books for popularity on her bookshelf.<br />The message of the book is that  size doesnt matter, that it is more important to use your wits. I  particularly like the chorus 'silly old fox (snake/owl), doesnt he know,  there's no such thing as a gruffalo', as it makes the reader feel that they  are outwitting the fox/snake/owl, and finally even the Gruffalo itself.
0792156684|3.0|First, I have to say that there were some good things about this movie.  The special effects were outstanding, and it is visually breathtaking.  Also, although Cameron took some liberties for dramatic effect, the film is pretty accurate from a historical standpoint.  However, I thought the rest  of the movie wasn't that great, and I didn't think any of the characters  were particularly likeable.  Yes, Leo's character is amusing at times, but  I found his whole prepubescent look a little at odds with my perception of  a romantic male lead.  And as far as Kate's character goes, how much can  you like a woman who doesn't have the strength to tell her domineering  mother and jerk fiance where to get off, but instead chooses to skulk  around and cheat on the aforementioned fiance?  I would have had more  respect for the character if she had the guts to break it off with her  intended instead of being with Leo.  So, I think the movie is worth watching - there are  some heart-tugging moments during the sinking and wow, are the sounds and  visuals impressive! - but it just isn't that great.  It's hard for me to  get emotionally involved in a love story when I don't like the characters  falling in love.  Yes, Kate's character finally gets some gumption towards  the end, but frankly, I liked Rose a lot better as an elderly woman.  So  Jack and Rose, like the rest of this movie, are nice to look at, but they  don't move me.  If you've been living in a cave for the last couple years  and haven't seen this movie, it's decent entertainment.  It just isn't the  cinematic masterpiece that so many have touted it.
6305750750|4.0|Episode I was a key point of the Star Wars Saga. The other movies may stand on their own better but this movie plays a more key role. It tells the begining of an amazing story of Aniken Skywalker. It is the first of  what would have been, if Lucus would develop that last 3(and probably  wont),9 movies. This is the background of who the charters are. It tells  the whys of the middle 3 movies. To really understand the middle 3 you must  see this movie.
0440234743|4.0|I really enjoyed it.  It was difficult to put down.  It even entered my dreams in an intense sort of way.  It was a very good read.
6303012140|4.0|This movie should not get as bashed as it does. Good performances and dazzling special effects are well done and it is occasionally funny.
B000002H97|5.0|Best Metallica CD to date.  Every track is awesome!  Years later and still #1 on my rack.....BUY IT!
B000002HAF|5.0|I bought this when I was 14 and now, 5 years later and a lot more mature, I have come to see this album of intricate, harsh, and compelling sound as one of the best things I ever bought.  The Pixies are at the root of a  tremendous volume of good work, but to get the raw power go to the source.   You won't be sorry.
0684867621|5.0|I read this book in two sittings.  King does what he does best:  He takes you on a journey through the strange and the terrifying.  The story revolves around a nine-year old girl who gets lost in more ways than one.  If you like King, you'll love this one.
6305171769|5.0|Halloween H20 is a great addition to the series. Giving a long-overdue return to the series that gave her an entire career is Jamie Lee Curtis, as Laurie Strode, now hiding in terror from her brother, the immortal Michael  Myers. She's an alcoholic, and suffers from hallucinations and waking  nightmares. However, I did have some problems with Laurie in this movie. To  look at her, one would think that her daughter Jamie never existed. Any  mother would have been upset at abandoning her child, but not Laurie. There  isn't so much as a photo of Jamie to be found in her office or home. And  why did she think it was necessary to abandon Jamie? So her faked death  would appear more plausible? And if so, how did her ex-husband and son  manage to fake their deaths with her? This movie opened up many more  questions than it answered for me. However, Laurie finally took her revenge  against Michael and redeemed herself. This was actually very cleverly  foreshadowed in the classroom discussion of Frankenstein. This movie also  contains neat little tip-of-the-hats to the first movie, such as Molly's  line about confrontation being 'Victor's' fate, and Janet Leigh's &quot;I  guess everyone's entitled to one good scare,&quot; crack. This is also the  first Halloween to be made without the hero, Dr. Loomis, since Donald  Pleasance sadly died after Halloween 6 was made. However, also returning to  her role after almost 20 years was Nancy Stephens as Nurse Marion. You  remember her, she was with Dr. Loomis in the first two movies. Sadly,  Marion does not survive this one. This was an excellent movie, although the  body count was amazingly low. However, Chris Durand did not give an  especialy memorable performance as Michael Myers. George Wilbur (4 &amp; 6)  still did thebest job as Michael, though it doesn't look like we'll have  the chance to see him in the mask again. Or will we? I don't know about  you, but I've already got my cash for &quot;Halloween H2K; Evil Never  Dies&quot;ready, and I'm waiting for this announced sequel with baited  breath. H20 however, was a spectacular return for Jamie Lee Curtis, and  it's good to know that the original heroine was not killed after all!
0399208534|5.0|This is without a doubt a classic!  The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle is a book that my mom read to me pre- kindergarten.  I recently picked it up in a bookstore and was amazed at how it still brought back the  feeling of wonder at the mysteries of nature.  No, it is not meant to be a  factual text that teaches scientific concepts to preschoolers -- neither  are fairy tales and nursery rhymes, but I don't hear anybody saying they  were disappointed in the lack of accuracy of Mother Goose! Instead, this  delightful little gem does something much more valuable; it sparks interest  and a sense of wonder.  That is something only the best books are capable  of.
6305537542|5.0|This is the movie where it all begins . . . and Michael Myers carves himself a place in movie history, well before other horror villains like Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees, and it is among the best in the series.  Refrshingly, for horror movies, the bloodletting is pleasantly minimal,  with a still-decent body count. The movie opens with a 6-yr-old Michael  Myers killing his sister in cold blood and being found by his parents.  Happy Halloween, Mr. and Mrs. Myers! However, there is footage which was  cut from this movie which is usually aired when this movie is on TV,  including 'new footage' with Dr. Loomis, and Laurie and her friends.  Michael of course escapes from the mental hospital, so he can go after new  blood, though why he chooses Jamie Lee Curtis is not made very clear in  this movie. And of course, the multiple attempts to kill Michael will not  succeed, for there have to be sequels. But Halloween is still one of my  favorites from the entire horror genre, and deserves a five-star rating!
B00002EPJH|5.0|The most wonderful solo piano album I've ever heard!This CD is romantic and quiet. It really triggers our romantic side. Special congratulations on &quot;Someone to watch over me&quot; that sends shivers down my spine.
6301562925|4.0|Halloween 5, The Revenge of Michael Myers, is among the best in the series, if you're a Halloween nut like me. With the exception of part III, the entire series graces my video collection, and I display it proudly. I  was disappointed to see Rachel die so early in the movie, but at least we  had Jamie and Loomis to move the story along. Donald Pleasance seems to  have changed his approach to stopping Michael in this movie, trying to  reach the 6-yr-old boy buried beneath the madness that makes Michael a  killer, rather than killing The Shape. Danielle Harris again gives an  excellent performance as Jamie Lee Curtis' daughter, although I did think  the entire mute thing was stretching credibility just a bit. The two  self-described lousy cops added the perfect amount of humor, especially  with the goofy sound effects heard whenever they show up, until Michael  hacked 'em with a pitchfork. The only thing I disliked about this movie was  the transformed Myers house. At times, the movie moves somewhat slowly,  such as in the barn, or when Jamie's in the laundry chute, but Halloween 5  does an excellent job of continuing the story begun in Halloween 4 and sets  up the storyline for Halloween, The Curse of Michael Myers. By the way, if  they release the alternate cut of Curse on video or DVD, please tell me!
B00002EPJH|5.0|The most wonderful solo piano album I've ever heard!This CD is romantic and quiet. It really triggers our romantic side. Special congratulations on &quot;Someone to watch over me&quot; that sends shivers down my spine.
6304288433|4.0|Halloween II does something which I find very unusual for sequels. It picks up at the exact moment when the first movie left off, and Michael Myers continues his bloody rampage through Haddonfield. Donald Pleasance  again delivers a fantastic performance as Dr. Loomis, and so does Jamie Lee  Curtis, though we (unfortunately) don't see much of her in this one, until  Michael finds her and chases her through the hospital. The plot with Dr.  Loomis was well delivered, but the moments in the hospital dragged on just  a bit, although it does prove that Michael has no regard for life as he  systematically eliminates anyone who could stand in his way. The best part  of this movie is when Nurse Marion (Nancy Stephens) reveals the truth about  Laurie Strode and her relationship to Michael. In retrospect, this makes  the first movie make complete sense! I think this is a good movie, but that  it's more like the second half of a three-hour movie, than its own  individual story.
6300185249|4.0|This movie is a lite-hearted, fun little romp through the horrors of repairing an old house.  Although exaggerated, it rings true if you've ever been in a like situation.  This movie was funny, and because it didn't try  to take itself seriously, it worked out.  Don't buy this one, you probably  won't watch it more than once, but I'd definitely go out and rent it.
B00001SIES|5.0|There is seldom heard music with such intensity and emotion that is displayed by Muse.  In songs like Muscle Museum and Sunburn you can feel the longing and sadness and all the other emotions.  The instramental is  also terrific.  Its music that is vibrant and alive and I am truly  impressed by this album.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I THINK THAT LABYRINTH IS THE &quot;BEST MOVIE EVER SEEN.&quot;
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie, first of all, is the most talented and beautiful actress to ever live. i say and feel that with every part of my being. this movie showed everyone just how incredible she is. acually, i'm sitting here,  trying to find the words to describe her and this movie, and i'm  speechless. Gia simply came alive. and, Elizabeth Mitchell was amazing. i  felt all of their emotions. Gia and Linda's relationship was the most  beautiful i've ever seen portrayed. it was so real and heart-breaking. i am  forever changed.
6305750750|1.0|I waisted 2 hours of my life on this movie simply by watching it. I feel bad for the people who waited in line for days to see it. There were a lot of good actors in this movie, but they were a waste. I think Ewan McGregor is a great actor, but for some reason or another, he was bad in this. Liam  Neeson is also very talented, but it didn't show in this movie. Jake Loid  couldn't act his way out of a wet paper bag. The movie relied on the it's  digital effects 100%. They were good, but not 2 hours. Hey,  I'm not wasting extra time on this movie for my sake. I want to help you. I  want to enlighten you. THIS IS BAD, DON'T BUY IT!
6305750750|5.0|Much has been said, both praise and criticism, of Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace. I will address elements of both arguments, in an attempt to give an objective review.  <br />First, I feel expectations cause problems for  any movie.  After 26 years since the last picture, the expectations for  this 1st installment of the Star Wars saga were ridiculuous.  George Lucas  could have told any story at all and it would be a letdown.  Twenty years  of hype is quite a lot to unload in the course of two hours.  <br />Second,  people have no concrete example of this type of a prequel concept.  The  closest example is Godfather II, but even that &quot;flashback&quot; was  bookended by a modern-day setting.  In the Phantom Menace, we are seeing  the beginning of an epic tale.  This story SHOULD BE a pale shadow of the  other films. It should also be a bright beacon.  <br />The Phantom Menace is a  film meant to contrast life in the galaxy as we knew it in Episodes IV-VI.   It is NOT a period of civil war.  It is NOT a time of dictatorial  oppression.  As a result, the universe appears more colorful and alive.  In  this film, we see the groundwork, the first suggestions, that things aren't  as they have been. <br />Many characters in this film are underdeveloped.   They are left that way on purpose.  We knew very little about Ben Kenobi or  Han Solo either in Episode IV.  Their characters grew and developed  throughout the trilogy.  One major problem in appreciating Episode I is the  fact that in 20 years, people perceive the original trilogy much as one  picture.  Much of the criticism received about Episode I could be matched  identically with the criticism that Episode IV received in 1977.  <br />The  plot is not weak, it is simple.  Like the beginnings of any myth or  folktale, the story must be simple.  What you find, though, are many layers  to pull back.  In this way, the story can apply to most people.  Greek  myths were shared not just to children, but adults as well.  Everyone could  find a valuable lesson in it.  This film makes statements against racism,  the separation of family, and the importance of leadership and loyalty.   Characters like Jar-Jar show that even people that may seem the most  incapable can accomplish great things.  <br />People I know that enjoy this  movie the most tend to be people that haven't seen any of the other films.   They have no bias.  As Yoda said, &quot;You must unlearn what you have  learned.&quot;  The visual arts and the sweeping music score draw you into  a whole other reality, if you let it. <br /> The story takes you on a journey,  Obi-Wan's journey, of maturity.  If you are mindful of the things that  happen in between, you might even learn something.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed took the sound of Pearl Jam and put their own spin on it.  They took the hard rock sound of Pearl Jam's Ten and took it a step further.  And even though the two sound very much alike, Creed is still unique in a way.   This is due to the fact  that Creed rocks much harder than Pearl Jam did.   The soft verses and heavy choruses blend perfectly for a great album.   Higher is one of the greatest songs of the 90's, if not of all time. What  if is another superb heavy metal song.  Are You Ready?, Wrong Way, and Say  I are also great soft-to-heavy songs.  I highly recommend this great cd.
630575070X|3.0|I think that Star Wars: Episode I is a movie exclusively for the fans, with the logical emotion to see Anakin's childhood, Obi-Wan youthfulness...but no more than this!. I've seen 5 times the movie, because  i'm a big fan of the saga, but i think that the movie will disapoint to a  &quot;regular&quot; audience. Anyway, in a rainy day, is a good idea see  this video...
B000003TA4|5.0|This album is by far the best one that Nirvana have released. Although Bleach was a good album Nevermind is so much better. All the Rock fans must buy this album
0385493622|3.0|The author does an admirable review and explanation of Fermat's Last Problem, but only up to a certain point. He should have tried to get Andrew Wiles to be more explicit about about the details of his proof and if Wiles  lacked the capacity to provide a sequence of simple unambiguous steps of  explanation, there are certainly others who could have helped both Wiles  and Singh.<br />For example, there is nothing that should have been difficult  in explaining what constitutes an &quot;algebra&quot; or a &quot;ring&quot;  like the Hecke Ring Wiles used, let alone the Selmer &quot;group&quot; also  used. This is because algebras, rings, and groups are all well defined  structures. A simple explanation of how the operators critically worked  together would have worked. This is especially so when Wiles found that  even though both his research of Kolyvagin-Flach and that of the Isawa  Theory were individually inadequate but their overlaping results with each  other ended up completing the chain, and thereby completing the solution to  the long sought after Taniyama-Shimura conjecture. Just how this last  conjecture actually causes the famous Fermat Conjecture to be true, is a  terrific story itself. <br />All this could have been done so simply and would  have made &quot;the hunt&quot; really exciting acements s well as far more  enjoyable to the averagely intelligent reader. Just too much was left out  because of a rush to publish? <br />I hope when Simon Singh writes another  edition, he will be just a little more thorough. It's worth hiring an  algebraist to help him
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie is nothing less than a masterpiece. The album shows Billy's completely successful attempt at reaching back to his teen mind. The main theme has to be a boy's misery for a cruel world. Songs such as Bullet With  Butterfly Wings, Zero and An Ode To No One express angst, hopelessness and  melancholy. At the same time songs like Tonight, Tonight, Jellybelly, and  Here Is No Why shows hope and reason. The nicely balanced Muzzle sounds  like something that would have came out of Siamese Dream. But the real  treasures are the offbeat sogns like Galapagos, Take Me Down, Thirty-Three  and Beautiful. I think the three greatest songs the band has every made  would be Porcelina (nearly 10mins long), Thru Eyes Of Ruby and By  Starlight. The whole album is magnificant from beginning to end. No fillers  here. In my mind, every teen should pick this up. Everyone fan or non-fan  should have their entire money's worth buying this album. And if you still  can't get enough (and you shouldn't ever be able to) go and get The  Aeroplane Flies High. The album is filled with B-sides but are no way less  in quality!  It holds it own along Mellon Collie!
0446605409|5.0|This book is one of Demilles best! Tense and entertaining from page one till the end!
B000002X1O|3.0|Between the Airplane and the Starship stood Baron Von Tollbooth.  Make no mistake - this is the Jefferson Airplane sans Marty Balin.  The problem with pre-Starship releases was the pathetic sound of the recordings:  muddy  base lines, instruments obscuring vocals and an ear shattering edge on  Grace's voice.  The original recording of \\"Baron Von Tollbooth\\" was a clear  departure from muddy previous work: it was crisp and clean.  The CD, with  the assistance of Paul Williams from House of Hits Production improves on  the fine original - sound quality is exceptional.  Sure, the Airplane still  call for revolution (Flowers of the Night) and recommend leaving this world  on a drug induced airplane (or is it a starship?).  What's new are songs  like \\"Ballad of the Chrome Nun\\" and \\"Across the Board.\\"  Both will jump off  the turntable (CD player) and knock you out with a left hook.  \\"Across the  Board\\" must be the most pornographic song to date (1980).  Grace sings  every descriptive phase with passion - and you can bet that she means it.   Missing are the romantic Slick-Balin love ballads.  \\"Harp Tree Lament\\" is  the closest we get a sentimental tune, but it just doesn't measure up to  Slick and Balin trading heart felt lyrics.  Still, \\"Baron\\" is an example of  what the Airplane could have been had they exercised some care in recording  and production techniques.  Recommended for post-hippies and pre-punkers.
B000003JDA|3.0|I'm not alone, I know, in saying that this album isn't one of the best. If you cringe at the first few songs (including the title song), though, don't just pack it away - the meaningful lyrics haven't been lost in any way, and  as for the music... Eh. &quot;Valley&quot; is good, as is &quot;Another  Harry's Bar&quot;. &quot;Valley&quot; is in a style I haven't seen before,  while &quot;Another Harry's Bar&quot; would be quite at home on  &quot;Catfish Rising&quot; or another of their more bluesy albums. If you  just can't stand the rest of the CD, at least put these two on a tape  before stuffing the entire album away in the back of your closet. :)
B000002VQQ|5.0|Patti Smith is the grandmother of  punk and the high priestess poet of rock and roll.  \\"Horses\\" broke all the rules for women: she showed that you didn't have to look like a model or sing like an angle to gain listeners'  attention.  1975 and we were ready for a no nonsense hard hitting babe who  didn't mince words when it came to sex, and often skipped make up and  shaving.  \\"Horses\\" made it permissible for ladies like Chrissie Hynde of  the Pretenders to stop pretending that they were virgins and get nasty.  \\"Gloria\\" begins the same as the \\"Them\\" tune, but soon takes off at mind  bending speed in its own direction.  \\"Land: Horses/Land Of A Thousand  Dances/La Mer\\" foreshadows the Columbine High School Massacre by 24 years.  Caution: this is not pop - it is as  raw and refreshing today as it was in  1975.  Get it before real women are banned from recording, and all we're  left with are Britney Spears look-a-likes.
B000000WA4|5.0|This is Billy Corgan's White Album.  It is amazing that on a record that runs for over 2 hours, there is not one dull moment, not one song that is unpleasing to the ear.  The pumpkins go from one end of the globe to the  other, from the Metallica-influenced Zero to the retro-new wave feel of  1979.  This album is not only an alternative rock staple, but a defining  album of the 90s. This is dfinitely my favorite album of the decade.
B00003E4DT|4.0|If you think Pink Floyd is some guy that plays old music, this video probably is not for you.  But if you are interested in the Floyd and care about the individuals (Gilmour, Waters, etc.) and what they have to say,  this video is a must see. It contains interviews of the Floyd from many  different time periods.  From the beginning with Syd to the Floyd almost  present day.  I rate it four stars because the audio is less than par on an  interview or two (especially one with Roger in Canada in the 80's.) Other  than that, if you have all the other videos (Pulse, DSoT, Pompeii, David  Gilmour, etc.) than this is a good buy.
6305079900|5.0|&quot;I came across time for you, Sarah Connor.  I love you, and I always have...&quot;  Yeah, it's got the cool action thing, but it also has the love across time, I'd die for you stuff going on too.  I remember thinking,  &quot;Oh great, he picked another stupid video&quot; when I first saw it in  the 1986.<br />It has been on my list of Top Ten movies now for over 14  years!<br />I'm not sure how anyone could have missed it all these years  later, but if you haven't seen it yet, it's grrrrrrrrrreat!
6302648750|5.0|I've seen Death Becomes Her about three or so times and wouldn't mind watching it again! Such an outstanding performance by Goldie Hawn and Meryl Streep.  This movie deals with the meaning of eternal life and youth.  If  you accept the potion, you will live forever and never die.  But if you  don't, you will watch yourself begin to wrinkle up.  This is a wonderful  movie that I think was awsome!
B000001FK3|5.0|I'm actually glad that JJ Cale isn't quite as well known as he clearly should be.  Sometimes I like driving down the road on a warm summer evening, listening to Cale, and pretending to myself that he's my little  secret, and that he's just singing to me.  In any event, he truly does  deserve more recognition for his simple yet brilliant tunes.  This album is  a classic!
B000002HAJ|5.0|I have been a Cure fan for many years now and i have to say that this is one of the greatest albums of not only the Cure but of all times.The music in &quot;Trust&quot;is excellent.Its one of my favorite songs.I also  recommend &quot;A letter to Elise&quot; and &quot;End&quot;. You must have  this album.
0312243022|2.0|Okay.. <br />I have to admit that the only reason I bought this book was because it had been so highly reviewed and of course the Pulitzer didn't hurt either..<br />I thought, hey, I'm hip.  I read relevant books and  literature.  Unfortunately, I really didn't feel this book packed the  powerful punch I was hoping for.  The characters were caricatures.  Not  even inventive ones.  The twist at the end was okay, but by then I felt a  bit cheated.  <br />I'll admit, Cunningham's prose was stylish and well  designed, but a pretty package is only good if you don't open it.  So,  buyer beware.  I'm a bit too jaded to fall for some romantic notion of  running from my life because the world is spinning too fast.  This book  might well have been a breakthrough had it been written forty years ago.   We're all too clever by now to get swept up by lesbians and suicide..   <br />Still, any finished book is worth something to somebody...
B00000ILBK|4.0|Over all &quot;Star Trek: Insurrection&quot;was a good film. It had everything I look for in a good story; plot twists, humor a little romance and a fair amount of action. It wasn't quite as good as &quot;Star Trek:  First Contact&quot; But then, that is a tough act to follow.
B00004NRUM|1.0|Can you say boring!  I'm a huge Marillion fan, especially the Steve Hogarth era. I absolutely could not get into this CD. It's slow, momotonous, never picks up. Anyone who says this is their best work, needs  to put on &quot;Misplaced Childhood&quot; (from the Fish era) or  &quot;Marillion.Com&quot; or &quot;Seasons End&quot;, and let's not forget  the uplifting &quot;Holidays In Eden&quot; and experience their best work  again .
6305426651|5.0|I watched this movie with a Holocaust survivor.  She said afterward it was the one movie she had seen that did entire justice to the Holocaust, because it showed that the only way to make it through and still be  remotely sound in mind was to create a fantasy world for oneself, to  convince oneself that what one was experiencing was not reality.  This  movie does not make light of the Holocaust, it shows what strength of  spirit it took to get through it.  To remain that light-hearted in the  midst of probably the greatest tragedy of the 20th century is strength  indeed.  <br />I wish that I could give this movie more than 5 stars.  I  laughed, I cried, and it haunted me for weeks.  If you don't see it, you  are missing out on the most beautiful movie, both cinematographically and  in spirit, that has ever been made.
B00003652Q|4.0|While '&quot;Script&quot; is not the greatest Marillion album, in their long career, it does show you the roots of the band. Easily the most popular, prolific and longest lived of the 80's 'Neo-Prog&quot; bands, this  record is their most Genesis like. Some argue that the band practically  plagiarized Gabriel and company in this era ( ie. Fish even wore Gabriel  -like makeup on stage in these days).While the tunes aren't direct  rip-offs, you get a certain vibe that you can relate to specific Genesis  songs. Such as: the title track always reminded me of &quot;The Musical  Box&quot;; while &quot;Garden Party&quot; evoked memories of &quot;The  Battle Of Epping Forest&quot;. On the other hand their is a certain Pink  Floyd element that is beginning to surface that runs throughout the band's  career, especially &quot;Forgotten Sons&quot; with it's war theme ( in this  case the Falkland Islands) could be at home on &quot;The Wall&quot;.  Marillion would grow and make epics like &quot;Misplaced Childhood&quot;  and &quot;Clutching At Straws&quot;. After you buy those two,  &quot;Script&quot; should be next on your list.
0767825411|5.0|Everything Harold Ramis touches turns to gold; Animal House, Caddy Shack, Groundhog Day, Stripes and, of course, Ghost Busters. GB is a comedy classic blending clever humor and intelligent science fantasy. No, it's not  even scary, just damn funny with enough of a supernatural coloring and  engaging amount of pseudo-scientific babble to keep any fanzine geek happy.  Actually, this movie is such a classic that I don't even know why I'm  reviewing it...if you have yet to see this film, then you must not watch TV  or go to the movies. If you have seen it and don't care for it, then you're  probably a fan of European &quot;art&quot; films with boring story lines  and terrible dialogue....   BUT HEY, even if you don't like sci-fi, and  even if you don't like comedy (!), see this movie for the CUTE CHICKS;  Sigourney Weaver, Annie Potts, and Slavitza Jovan (she plays Gozer...check  her out in any of the B-movies she's been in the past 16 years...see the  IMDB).  See this movie and have some fun!
B000002H8F|5.0|Pixies take time to love, but once you do your hooke
B00002E233|5.0|What another shark movie? After four &quot;Jaws&quot; movies, we thought it was safe to go back in the water. Well this could be the movie that makes sharks scary again. <br />&quot;Cliffhanger&quot; and &quot;Die Hard  II&quot; director Renny Harlin takes us to a top secret lab where a group  of scientists are trying to harvest a &quot;miracle serum&quot; and save  humanity from Alzheimer's. The only trick is that they have to extract it  from a shark's brain. Ok, the plot is ludicrous at best but how it's pulled  off is quite a ride. <br />Echoing &quot;Jaws&quot;, &quot;Aliens&quot; and  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, Harlin's thrilling disaster movie with sharks  really gets the adrenaline pumping and never looks back. The only question  you ask yourself is &quot;Ok, who's gonna make it?&quot; and that's all you  need to be captivated. The visuals in this film make every &quot;Jaws&quot;  movie look like the shark I used to play with in my bathtub. These sharks  are phenomenal. <br />A standout performance has to be the new heroic  portrayal of shark-wrangler &quot;Carter Blake&quot; played by newcomer  Thomas James. A cross between Clint Eastwood and Harrison Ford, James  delivers us a hero not seen since &quot;Indiana Jones&quot; last jumped  across the screen. The type of hero we like to jump out of our seats and  cheer for. <br />As for the rest of the cast they sum up like this. Saffron  Burrows plays the head scientist who thinks of nothing but her career even  if half the people are dead. Next, we have LL Cool J's preaching cook who  is there for comic relief. And finally we have billionaire Russell Franklin  who wants to shut the place down if the cure isn't harvested during his  visit. But put these aside and the rest of the cast are never explored and  should we say &quot;lunch&quot;.
6304698526|3.0|This is a good DVD to purchase at 13.99.   It will make you appreciate that you are living and watching movies in the 90's and 00's.  Pay particular attention to the car chase.  It is amazing. There is blue VW  beetle in every corner of San Fransisco, and not a single cop in the entire  city.  The ending is also surprising.  I guess back in 1968 people could  check into a Pan Am International flight with a hand gun as big as a  cannon.  After all this not such a bad movie.  The picture and sound  quality of the DVD is mediocre, but still a good buy at 13.99 USD.
B00003CXDV|5.0|The basic plot - Five actors from the science fiction TV show &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; are mistaken by some outer space fans as being heroes. Their television captain (Tim Allen) is captured and placed to negotiate with a  megalomaniac terrorist bent on destroying the universe. The negotiation is  a huge success and the captain is sent back to earth thinking it's merely a  hangover. Until he finds out that it was real and they need him again. He  decides to take his fellow cast members on the adventure of their lives and  prove that he truly is a great leader and not a drunk. <br />Galaxy Quest is  one those complicated premise comedies that delivers on so many levels and  makes you howl with laughter. Not for one minute of this film do the stars  think they should leave their television personality and become an  independent thinking person. That's what makes this so funny and original.  With the huge success of &quot;Star Trek&quot;, why not have the actual  actors take the adventure instead of their fictional counterparts. Tim  Allen breaks out of the mold as &quot;Disney/sitcom father&quot; and takes  a chance here. What we get is a little mix of &quot;Buzz Light-year&quot;  and William Shatner. He is great as the leader of this fake interstellar  crew. Alan Rickman also stars as a fake alien who doesn't want to play his  part anymore but instead the Shakespearean actor he once was. Another scene  stealer is Tony Shalhoub as the ship's engineer. He isn't positive or  assure of himself as other ship engineers which bring wonderful parody to  the role. Sigourney Weaver in her blonde persona is almost wasted but still  it was nice to see her acting not so serious or tough.  Galaxy Quest is a  laugh out riot that keeps you entertained. It's been a long time since we  had a comedy this smartly written. The last one I can recall is last  summer's &quot;American Pie&quot;. I look forward to seeing Tim Allen in  other breakout roles. As Tim Allen says in the movie, &quot;There are no  vulnerable spots! &quot;.
6305750750|5.0|Think about this revelation alone: &quot;At last, we shall reveal ourselves to the Jedi. At last, we will have revenge.&quot; This alone ought to tell you what else 'out there' awaits us in the next movie  adventure {Hint:Who is the 'we' Maul is referring to?}. I got over Jar Jar  one of the first few times I saw the actual movie at the theatre and did so  knowing this had to lead to something bigger and better in the next motion  picture. Many questions were arisen. Why Darth Maul only used half of his  saber when attacking Qui Gon on Tattooine instead of both blades is one and  why Obi Wan did not 'flash' over to his mentor to help him when being  attacked by Maul much as he had earlier to escape the attack droids is  another. Where did all of the Trade Federation ships disappear to in the  battle at the end of the motion picture? These  curiousities will surely be  answered in Episode 2 as well as I am sure all of the others. The Phantom  Menace was well worth the wait, in my humbled opinoin. Recently I had the  chance to see for the first time Saving Private Ryanand must say this  excuse for taking up well over two hours of my time hardly had a deep  storyline and took forever to get to what turned out to be the obvious. The  Star Wars galaxy is vastly populated with many the unknown and in a few  years time, Episode 2 will easily erase any doubts we fans may have with  the end result of Episode 1. Until then, take solace upon yourself and  enjoy this awesome movie package relaesed by George Lucas. You will be glad  you did!
6305657947|4.0|Well acted by both Brosnan and Russo, who for the first time was absolutely stunning. The sexual chemistry between the two was awesome.<br />Good story - I haven't seen the original which sometimes helps.  Excellent twist at the end.<br />Hope to see Brosnan and Russo together in  future films.
0792156684|2.0|Everyone went to see this movie it seems.  There were also the people who saw it multiple times; I was not one of them.  I saw it once, and that was enough.  I found it to be totally overrated, and I was half asleep by the  end of this movie.  I also was disgusted by girls my age who went to see it  over and over again to see Leonardo DiCaprio (I can do without him.)  I  felt that the movie dragged on, and it felt like I'd been in the theatre  forever.  Titanic was disposable; do yourself a favor and get something  with some actual substance and good acting.
B000000W5L|5.0|This album turned me onto the Stones.  When I was a kid my dad would play it over and over again and I would ask him to turn it off and put his Beatles albums on instead.  After a 100 listens, though, I began to  realized what a fantastic album this is.  It's a distillation of the blues,  country, R&amp;B, and everything the Stones had done before.  Somehow it  manages to maintain its intensity for 4 sides.  My favourites are still  &quot;Just Wanna See His Face&quot;, &quot;Loving Cup&quot; and &quot;Sweet  Black Angel&quot;.  Probably not the easiest Stones album to like but the  most rewarding in the end.
B000005ALP|4.0|I'll admit it. I was reeled in by the single 'Novocaine For The Soul.' It's a song you'll be humming to yourself over and over. Fortunately, the rest of the album is also quite good. There are some songs you could give a  miss, but then there are works of genius such as 'Susan's House,' a  spoken-word tune that would make you laugh if it wasn't so sad. 'Flower' is  affecting in it's gentleness, and 'Spunky' is just sublime. With lines like  'Spunky looks good in her bright red wig, eating chocolate chip mint  ice-cream/A cat named Lola with a violent past, is balled-up asleep 'cross  her knees&quot; it's that kind of song which makes you take a time out from  everyday life and take a deep, life-affirming breath. Even though this  album is stacked with sad songs, there's an uplifting quality about them.  It took me a while to get into the album, so you might need to play it a  few times.
6305736650|5.0|Having just watched the DVD version of this GREAT MOVIE (#2 on the AFI list), I can enthusiastically say if you have a DVD player, get the &quot;special edition&quot; version of it.  It has a fascinating  &quot;making of&quot; documentary that will surprise you by what is  revealed (sorry, no &quot;spoilers&quot; from me! ), but if you are into  movie trivia, it's worth it.  <br />Picture and sound quality have been  greatly enhanced over what you'd see on TV.  <br />No need to comment on the  movie itself, as it is so well known, but this film should be in everyone's  library.
6305657947|2.0|At one point it seemed like Rene Russo's nudity was thrown in just for kicks.
B00003W8NM|5.0|First of all, let me respond to the reveiwer below- if you like this movie- you are not a bad person whose judgement should be questioned.  <br />If you liked this movie you are an intelligent person who understood the  message it presents.  Fight Club is not about violence and those who like  the film do not necessarily like the violence.  This violent content is  however necessary to deliver the point of the movie.  Fight Club is not  advocating anarchy and does not want you and your drinking buddies to go  out to the nearest bar and start pummeling each other.  The movie in fact  wants just the opposite.  <br />Now, some people may not be able to get past  the violence but if you can- you are in store for quite a ride.  Good  acting, score, and quite funny jokes for those who think enough to get them  are all great aspects of this film.
0800128052|5.0|I knew nothing about this movie, but I picked up the jacket, and I thought that it would be interesting.  Wow! it was powerful. I am not a football fan, nor do I know anything about the game, but I can share the spirit of  Notre Dame wins.  You do not need to know anything about football to love  Rudy. It evoked laughter and tears while I was watching it on a sunny  February afternoon.  Strong friendships and love were strongly portrayed in  RUDY.  Strangely, I could identify with Rudy.  I returned to school in my  mature years to obtain my bachelors and my master's just prior to my 60th  birthday.  Like Rudy with the very brilliant student at Holy Cross College,  the strong friendship was formed, I formed a buddy system with some of the  young students at Fordham, and down the line, I made lasting friendships  with these young students.  The same type of buddy system existed for me in  graduate school.  The great football players for Notre Dame respected the  wonderful spirit and knowledgeability of Rudy.  The young students I  respected their sharpness, and they in turn respected all the experience I  had to bring to school in my mature years. Rudy was no competition really  for the top players, but he was able to steadfastly hold his own.  I was no  competition for some of the young students, but I was a solid B+ student  who could her own.   Yes, I did shed a few tears about this movie, but I  came away from it feeling very happy.  Would I watch it again.   Absoootoootely!
0131103628|5.0|Any C language programmers should have one
0152465030|5.0|Without a doubt this is the most wonderful piece of literture ever written.  Adults and children alike can relate to the story and the characters.  This is one of the few books that will make you wonder about  the true meaning of life and change the way you think.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I walked into the theater expecting to hate this movie...but walked out thoroughly amazed.  This is one of  the most under-rated brilliant films I've seen in a long time.  The directing and editing style is top notch  that keeps pace with the interesting characters and ever-developing  plotline. -- People hated this movie, yet LOVED the &quot;Sixth  Sense.&quot;  I don't get it. -- &quot;Fight Club&quot; is a wonderful  satire in the age of &quot;Men are from Mars.&quot;  Over-the-top violence  seems to be consistantly misunderstood (see: &quot;Natural Born  Killers&quot; as an example) and it appears to have happened again here.  A  great story, snappy dialogue...plus, Edward Norton continues to demonstrate  himself to be one of the greatest actors of his generation...This movie is  a must-see for anyone who loves movies.   I can't wait to get the DVD so my  friends and I can end the raging debate about all the flash frames in the  beginning 20 minutes of the film.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I &quot;fell in love&quot; with this heart-warming film. It is truly an endearing &amp; uplifting love story that will touch your heart &amp; funny bone. This film's qualities greatly surpass that of most films today. It  gives new meaning to the word &quot;hope&quot; and makes you thankful for  your family, as well as realize that life is precious. It is no wonder Mr.  Benigni is Italy's National Treasure.  He's truly delightful &amp;  talented!  And little Giorgio Cantarini is absolutely adorable! I cannot  fully put into words how this film made me feel... but it is a film that  will be among my most favorites for years to come.
0684874350|5.0|I have just finished reading this book and could not put it down. From the time I first bought it, I grabbed every spare minute I could to get another page read.  I always thought I had had a rather poverty-stricken upbringing  (compared to people I was in school with) until reading about Frank  McCourt's life.  His book has made me realize there is a difference in  growing up poor and growing up with absolutely nothing.  And yet Frank  sustained the courage to go on every day, always believing there had to be  a way out of his plight in life.  His love of the written word from an  early age mirrors my own - it was always a wonderful way to escape one's  surroundings.  I will make this book a summer must-read for my four  materialistic, take-it-all for granted, Nintendo-playing sons. It is the  biggest eye-opener I have ever experienced.
0553565915|5.0|A profound miracle!  This book deals with one of the most controversial topics facing our culture. It does an outstanding job describing the event and all of the emotions sensed through this experience.  Betty J. Eadie is  an amazing author!
B000005ALP|5.0|I believe that I can say, without exaggeration, that the eels are one of the best unknown groups out there. Beautiful Freak is a great debut album and E is a brilliant man. I hope to see more excellent albums by these  three in the future.
0375707972|5.0|This was a great book!  It has many themes compiled together in it: love, lust, hate, betrayal, compassion, and friendship.  At times, the book seems to turn the unexpected direction, which makes it interesting to follow.   Great mixture of imagery and literary techniques.
1878424114|1.0|Deepers has produced yet another yet another yet another &quot;best seller&quot;. The message of this (and all Deepers' other books for that matter) is deceptively simple, if implicit. It is not to be found in the  pages of this latest marvel, but in the book's very existance. The  &quot;practical guide to fulfillment of your dreams&quot; does NOT have 7  parts; only one: when you're on to a good thing, stick to it baby; milk it  for all it's worth; flay it 'til its mince-meat, and then some. So, as  Deepers' demonstrates (again, in his actions rather than his words), his  goal is to make himself wealthy - very wealthy. Money and possessions  provide him with a path to infinite peace and tranquility. He has  discovered that the means to obtain this goal is to use particular phrases  over and over and over that elicit a pleasurable reaction in certain people  (as to why, we'll leave to the sociologists and psychologists). Thus, all  that one can really say about this book by way of recommendation is this:  if pleasurable sensations of some kind were felt by you on reading previous  books written by Deepers', then you will (as a general rule) experience the  same sorts of reactions on reading this book. Deepers', no doubt, will also  experience a pleasurable reaction to you purchasing it, though probably for  not-so-spiritual reasons.
0312853238|5.0|I couldn't put it down.  Three dimensional characters and a riviting plot
0385474547|4.0|Chinua Achebe does an excellent job in accomplishing his goal. He lets his readers know how at any time or place, things can never stay the same forever.  Someone or something will always come to interfere and perhaps  destroy what has been created through years of work.  That's life  unfortunately and Chinua is very aware of this. Chinua does a superb job in  helping his readers understand the culture with the names he uses and his  detailed explanantions of the rituals. The outcome is unexpected but its  what compliments the title, which I enjoyed mostly because it's so strong  and meaningful.
B000000OSE|5.0|GREAT cd!  overall this is a great cd. Songs like &quot;Dont Cry&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot;(WHICH WAS NUMBER 6 ON THE VH1 BEST SONGS OF THE 90'S! )make the cd worth buying. my favs are of course &quot;Dont  Cry&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot; and also &quot;Dust 'n' Bones&quot;  and the cover of Paul MaCartney's &quot;Live and Let Die&quot;     trust me  its worth buyin!
0140367357|5.0|This book is one of my favourites.  I purchased it last fall, and since that time, I have read it numerous times.  Edith Nesbit has a certain way in which she explains and writes things.  I love how descriptive she is.  As she deals with these children, she adds a sense of humour to it, and to  see these children go through all the wishes, and each one of them turn out  sour, it is really rather humourous.  This book is for all ages!   If you  enjoy good classics with adventure and of course (the best part)   magic.....get this!
B00000APLB|4.0|This had the potential to be as great a live album as &quot;Get Yer Ya-Yas Out,&quot; but the Stones sound tired and wasted.  The music is great, but Mick sounds like he's either drunk or tired on most of the songs, and the  choruses of &quot;Honky Tonk Women&quot; and &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;  don't follow the rhythm of the original studio versions.  The tempo of some  songs are sped up a couple of measures, or slowed down to the point of  almost stopping.<br />Keith Richards' guitar playing is excellent (I had read  that his infant son, Tara, had died only a day or two before this album was  recorded.), and Ron Wood sounds like he fits right in.  <br />&quot;Love You  Live&quot; is a good chronical of the Stones' live sets of the mid-70s,  when making great music wasn't as much a priority as ingesting certain  medicines.
6305750750|3.0|While this movie certaintly provided entertainment in the form of cutting-edge computer generated graphics, it sorely lacked a strong, convincing plot to give the movie PURPOSE.  While some may correctly point  out that it is intended to be a prequel, this does not mean that it should  be devoid of a plot with substance.  Overall, the movie certainly has  merits (graphics, cast selection), it is riddled with too many flaws to  overlook.  This, combined with an anemic plot, reduces its rewatchability  and renders it sub-par when compared with the original Star Wars series.
0684833395|5.0|In today's society, the term catch-22 has become a cliche, however, when reading the novel, one becomes more aware of its true meaning and the desperate situation in puts many pilots, such as Yossarian in.<br />Heller's  novel Catch-22 is a satircal comedy about world war II in which Yossarian,  the main character, is frustrated because people he hasn't met keep trying  to kill him while he is bombing their town.  Although the plot sounds a  little odd, Heller ties together stories of pilots in Yossarian's squadron  into his own life to allow his readers to realize that war is truly a  horrible thing.  <br />Catch-22 is a satire in that not only is it funny and  ironic, but the situations presented are exaggerated, though not made up.   From Milo Minderbender's philosphy of &quot;everybody has a share&quot; to  Cathcart's attempt to avoid religion and God in prayers, readers will find  themselves laughing, a little shocked, and touched.<br />I highly recommend  this novel not just for war novel readers, but for everyone who is  interested in reading a novel truly worth the time.
0780628551|4.0|I watched this movie for the first time on the DVD.  I think the worst thing about this film is the fact that it makes a comparison to Rosemary's Baby on the box.  Because of that, I went in with a preconcieved notion of  what was going to happen.  The comparison is not fair.  Rosemary's Baby was  a great film, but this movie can stand on it's own without people trying to  fool us into thinking that it is a remake of &quot;Baby.&quot;<br />I am a big  fan of Johnny Depp and I think that he brings a touch of class to all of  his films.  This one is no exception.  Charlize Theron is the persona of  every boy's dream elementary school teacher.  Both give good performances.   Unfortunatley, Johnny's biggest role is to try not to say anything.  I  think that Johnny shows us a different kind of character here than he has  before and if you are a fan of his, it might be worth checking out.<br />To  wrap it up, I think that any science fiction fan would enjoy this film at  least for one watch.  It's easy on the special effects but heavy on the  suspense.  Some sceens were done very well, with a real artistic flair.   Don't read the box before you watch it.  Well, if you are reading this it  is too late to avoid the Rosemary's Baby reference, but ignore it.  This  movie is not Rosemary's Baby.  It may not be a better film, but it is one  worth a watch.  Enjoy!
6305776369|5.0|I thought that this was a very funny movie, but you have to be familiar with the sitcom within SNL. It was funny to the people who enjoyed watching Molly Shannon play as Mary Catherine Gallagher, but not as funny to people  who didnt appreciate those skits. I personally thought that this movie was  extremely funny, and I plan on purchasing the DVD on April 11th!
B000002H72|5.0|You could repackage this record and call it &quot;The Greatest Hits&quot;...
0440219078|4.0|Jonus lives in the perfect society, no war, no sickness, and no color.  When Jonus turns twelve, he receives his job assignment: the Receiver.  All of the sudden none of the rules apply to Jonus, he can do and say whatever he wants.  His training is the most physically and mentally demanding job  of the entire town, and is assigned every six to seven decades.  He  receives memories from the past from the Giver, in order to counsel the  Elders.  The memories he receives are both pleasant and painful, beautiful  and horrific.  None of the people in the town have these memories because  how would a perfect society react to their not so perfect ancestors.  Many  have failed at becoming the Giver.  Jonus is faced with many tough  decisions that will affect the entire community, the future is entirely up  to him.
B0000214G6|4.0|One of my all time favorites!  Very appealing and definitely puts you in the right kind of mood!:)
0440219078|4.0|The Giver was a book which made me think.  It was a great descriptive book.  You knew what was going on and why it was going on at all times.  It was kind of sad though.  I couldn't imagine being in a society where nothing changes, no choices are made, and everyone looks basically the  same.  A world without color?  Without music?  Without holidays?  It  portrayed our life, real life, as a fable, a mere legend.  Like The Matrix,  it makes you think.  We're lucky to have what we have in life...especially  choices.
0790729989|3.0|Yet another movie made from reusable parts of older ones. It is not smart either, just consider an idea that FBI keeps track of all books taken in all libraries and this is the only way to a suspect. However, there is  something still in it.
0385474547|4.0|I found this novel to be interesting and engaging. This novel was read for a World Lit. course and we found the concepts of religion and religious dominance polemical and confrontational. An interesting read for anyone who  may be curious about African culture.
0684872153|3.0|I simply did not identify with the style that Frank McCourt wrote this book.  I found myself skipping pages to get to better parts.  Perhaps it was what was happening in my life at the time, therefore I could not allow  myself to get swept up in it.<br />Though I do want to say that my Mum,  Brother and friend all thoroughly enjoyed it and as my Mum said, &quot;when  he ran down the street I was running with him&quot;.  She found it totally  unputdownable.<br />I did get from it though the way life was back then and  will definitely go see the film.<br />I think this is the type of book YOU  must make up your own mind to read.  Most people I know have loved this.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Madonna had some really great albums in the early eighties, but it was this album, her last album of the decade that really blows me away. I will admit, I really prefer Ray Of Light, but there is something about this  album that makes it have lasting appeal, that keeps me coming back. I think  part of it is the melodies, sometimes mournful, always beautiful, with the  gorgeous vocals and even more gorgeous lyrics. My personal favorites are  &quot;Spanish Eyes&quot; and &quot;Promise To Try&quot;.<br />If you have  never bought a Madonna album before, this is the one to buy, because it  realy introduces her to you. I became a Madonna fan after buying this  album...you won't regret it!
0671027344|5.0|The book The Perks of Bieng a Wallflower is the best book I have ever read.I now have a new favorite author and hope to see more of his books out in the shelf.The book was very moving and inspiring. It's about a 15-16 year old boy and his life in high-school for one year. It's more intimate  than a diary, and written to a friend to whom he does not give the name of.  I completly reccommend everyne going and buying it mmediatly.
0385474547|4.0|Things Fall Apart gives a great out look on how we as today view our world.  From the views of Chinua your able to see the darker side of our world.  Our beliefs in our culture should be looked at then asked.   Have  we made all of the correct human decissions as to how we live today with  religon.  I admire how strong the tribe keep their cultures intact.  In the  end some tribe memebers did convert over,however, this would allow some  diversity.  This is a good thing, reason being that it gave the tribes more  of a challenge to be different yet still the same.
B000005H55|5.0|I have never heard anyone do what Eric Dolphy did.  I really love his sound, and his style.  I have heard others criticize that he is too hard to listen too, but that is the beauty of it!  What freedom, and energy, and  emotion.  One of the best things that I like about this album is the broad  use of the bass clarinet. I too play the clarinet.  Eric Dolphy is an  innovator, and introduced the bass clarinet as a solo instrument.  What an  overall great album.
630575067X|3.0|I thought it was a good movie that did a good job setting the stage for Episodes II and III.  If Lucas was guilty of anything, it was trying to lay too much groundwork at the expense of character development.  People who  say that it was a &quot;kids movie&quot; seem to have forgotten that the  original trilogy was in the same vein-- an entertaining movie without sex  or profanity.
014028009X|2.0|Frustrated single white female, very negative attitude, looking for love, drinks too much, weight obsessed even though is already thin, trying to quit smoking, hates her career. That is it in a nutshell. I might have  loved this book when I was single and so negative but now that I am a  happily married mother, and have experienced a great and happy career, I  was bored rather than entertained. Couldn't identify with the character.  Kept thinking &quot;get a life&quot; and &quot;she is so shallow&quot;.  Boring!  Novel dragged on with much of the same material over and over, not  so much drama and not anything very surprising happens to shake up the  boring-ness of it all.
B000002BPS|4.0|WOW! THIS SURE IS A COME BACK FROM AMERICANA, ALTHOUGH SMASH IS UNDOUBTEDLY DA BEST, I THINK THAT THIS FOLLOWS UP CLOSELY AT 2ND! THIS IS A TOTALLY SHAGGADELIC ALBUM AND I WOULD RECCOMEND IT TO ANYONE!
B000002U8G|4.0|This album is where the style that the Floyd had sort of slowly meandered towards finally starts to gel much more. &quot;Echoes,&quot; the 20+ minute opus here, is much more interesting to listen to than, say, the title cut  from &quot;Atom Heart Mother,&quot; because there's a lot more focus  towards the construction of such a long piece than there had been before.  The shorter songs are a mixed bag, but &quot;Fearless&quot; and &quot;One  Of These Days&quot; are two of the Floyd's best. There's a lot here to  like.
6302752337|3.0|OK.  To me, it is a classic, but that is in my world as it is in many others.<br />This film satisfied a void in the cinema of its time that was very underserved.  If you are very thirsty, the worst beer will be very  welcome.  In that way, Easy Rider offered some groovy music (the subset  which was made available for the soundtrack), drug themes, trite  counterculture, ...  And they didn't use sexual themes really at all to  sell it.<br />The characters, notably Hopper's, are thoroughly unlikable and I  find it funny how many people align with the film but would have to force  any real identification with the lead characters.<br />Fonda's &quot;we blew  it&quot; summation near the end hits on a variety of levels: their  filmmaking, the disillusioned culture that closed the 60s, as well as the  obvious plot direction.  The editing is abyssmal.  But there is a certain  charm in it all.  Waywardly adrift bastards of the generation (or any  generation) are portrayed as unsympathetic and directionless in a very  genuine and probably artistically accidental way in concert with the same  production qualities of the film.<br />I do still like to watch this one  periodically.  It brings back memories.  Unlike what some may assert, this  film doesn't reveal the 60s or 60s culture in any breadth.  As a longhair  of the times, I can say that it does remind that being a longhair at the  time wasn't so hip to most people.<br />Also, Phil Spector as the connection  at the beginning is a bizarre (in a good way) touch.<br />I think just about  anyone should see this movie.  Make up your own minds.  But take off the  rose-coloured glasses first.
B00000JNGG|5.0|This is the best group who ever came out. You have to buy it because they make Limp Bizkut and Korn look like panses. SLIPKNOT ROCKS!
B000023VR6|3.0|I enjoyed a lot of the songs on this CD. Dr. Dre is talented in that he is able to come up with an almost all new west coast sound. Lyrically it's as though he hasn't grown since 1992 and some of the new rappers on this CD  (hittman- ughh) are not nearly as good as the original Chronic cast of  rappers which included Snoop Doggy Dogg and tha Dogg Pound's first  appearances. I'd suggest &quot;Dr. Dre- The Chronic&quot; (1992) before I'd  suggest this one, but if you're buying it for Eminem get this one. <br />This  is one of the best of 1999 but that does't say much when you have artists  like Jay Z (weak delivery) and DMX (absolutely no delivery, more like  annoying yelling) putting out their respective CDs. Must-haves for 1999 are  these: Eminem Slim Shady LP cd, 2Pac + Outlawz Still I Rise cd, this CD,  Nas - I AM cd and Pastor Troy- We Ready I Declare war. If you got those 5  you got all the good ones of 1999.
B000002UKS|5.0|Dave Grohl does not seem to be the right place playing the guitar but he has proved his point with this album the songs are brilliant.He has displayed himself as a brilliant Singer/Guitarist buy this album it is the  best of the three!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Simply put, one of the greatest albums ever released.  The definitive album of the 1990's.
B000003N7G|5.0|John Coltrane tapped into the eternal when he wrote and performed A Love Supreme. A biographer said that he retreated into meditation for a day prior to the recording session. It is reflected in this music. Buy this CD  and be transfigured.
0780628551|1.0|I still can't figure out what, exactly, this movie was about.  I was confused from beginning to end.  Possibly I was so bored that I just didn't pay attention.  This has to be one of the worst movies that I've seen in a  long time, and I'm not hard to please.
B000021Y77|4.0|Will my future change because of this one second I stopped to look at this dress in the window? Will I alter other peoples' lifes by bumping into them? - You have never asked yourself those questions? Well, you certainly  will after seeing this movie. 'Run Lola Run', a German movie, is  fantastically made and keeps your heart beating rapidly down to the last  second of it.   Lola's boyfriend got into trouble. And now Lola has 20  minutes to get 100,000 German Marks. The phone hits the floor and Lola  starts running...  Americans, who are usually not very fond of foreign  movies, should not let the 'dubbed' stop them. Dare to watch it and a race  is waiting for you. Tom Tykwer created a 90 minute video clip. Fast,  unstopable, exciting. And the one minute you spent thinking about getting  this movie will change your life.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is, without any doubt, the funniest film I saw last summer ( South Park came a close second ). No other film I have seen made me laugh after coming out of the cinema as much as this one did. The only downer of the  film was the acting at some points, but to be fair, they're still young. -  Excellent Film.
B000005IRG|5.0|Okay so we all agree Tom Verlaine is not a great singer - neither are Lou Reed, Dylan or Leonard Cohen for that matter - but this remains one of THE greatest debut albums of all time. The eight tracks pair off into the  rockers (Friction/ See No Evil), the classic pop songs (Venus/ Prove It),  the glacial ballads (Elevation/ Guiding Light) and the stately epics  (Marquee Moon/ torn Curtain). Verlaine's guitar playing is stupendous,  though it owes a heavy debt to Richard Thompson (check out Fairport's  &quot;Sailor's Life&quot; and &quot;Sloth&quot;) but let's not forget  Richard Lloyd whose rhythm playing is so perfectly understated but also  lets rip with some fantastic soloing on Elevation and Guiding Light. The  latter track and the title track are simply two of the most beautiful  pieces of music in rock history. Quick word also for Verlaine's lyrics  which are genuinely poetic without stooping to the cliches most rock  lyricists churn out when trying to be poetic.
0783226837|5.0|I have lost count of how many times I have seen this movie. For sheer entertainment, this one cannot be topped! This movie combines a fine-though-trite story with a fine ensemble cast and blends it all  together in what is arguably the best monster movie ever made. I will watch  this one again and again, and can't wait to get my DVD copy.
0553573403|5.0|This book is incredible, and I must thank all of those that reviewed the book so well here on Amazon.com.  I had no idea what book I wanted to read next, and saw quite a few great reviews of this one, and let me tell you, I  haven't read a fantasy book this good in so long.  Its Fantasy, yes, yet it  remainsvery realistic, with incredibly realistic characters and situations.  The plots, subplots, betrayals, and hidden alliances in this book just  blew my mind away.  I am ANXIOUSLY looking forward to the next one.  Kudos  to George R. R. Martin!
0784011206|5.0|After suffering through years of a less-than- perfect &quot;First Blood&quot; VHS video transfer, I finally have a DVD copy of this fine movie. It would be hard to find a better blend of story, actors, and  scenery in any movie. Throw in a good guy/bad guy scenario and you have the  recipe for a truly distracting movie. This one in DVD is a must-have for  anyone interested in this film genre.
6305750750|2.0|This film is just not as good as it could have been indeed SHOULD have been. The Reson:<br />LUCAS should not have directed, Apart from the wonderfull light saber duel it was stale and slow.<br />Let Tim Burton do  episode 2!
0783225547|4.0|I have seen Dante's Peak at least ten times and I still can't quite put my finger on why I keep going back to it. I do like Pierce Brosnan, although this certainly isn't his best performance. This movie, I think, is the  epitome of why we all watch movies: a couple hours of distraction. This  movie has a very appealing look to it. And the premise that we might be  living in a very dangerous location helps make this story a riveting one.  Academy Award caliber? Never! But for sheer entertainment, this is one of  the best.
0425170349|5.0|If you haven't read any of Tom Clancy's books yet then this one will probaly draw you in and you will want to know what happens next.  Definetly worth the time.
0784011214|3.0|It is disappointing that &quot;First Blood, Part II&quot; doesn't live up to it's predecessor, but it is still a good movie. Add the fact that the DVD version is nigh onto perfect sound and picture-wise, it is a wise  purchase for any Stallone fan. The &quot;I'm going to get you&quot; aspect  at the end doesn't do much to further the story, but overall this is a  worthy addition to any action movie collection. Look for the boxed set of  all three, a real bargain.
6305075468|4.0|I have seen this movie in VHS format, and if you are a fan of CLASSIC horror of the Bela L. type, then this is a compliment to that genre, BUT it is very European (and subtitled).  It's really a &quot;must have&quot; for  any reasonably serious collector.
B000002U82|5.0|I am 14 years old and usually more partial to muzik like KMFDM and Rage Against The Machine (and definetely some 2pac), but when i heard Dark Side, I knew I had found something. This CD was pretty much forced on me by a  friend when we were stoned (he said it was the best thing to do, i wanted  to watch a movie) and at first i was closed-minded... but then it grew on  me. DSOTM was WAYYY ahead of its time, and the crazy sounds and mellow  guitars mix nicely to make one helluva album/cd/whatever. I love this and i  listen to this CD so much its almost thinned down. Dark Side Of The Moon is  the definitive Pink Floyd album, and it will be what will keep Pink's  musical style around forever.
0441172717|5.0|Im Twelve and I loved this book!  IT WAS AWESOME!  It kept me guessing and on the edge of my seat!  If you love sci-fi, or even if you dont, pick up this book and you'll enter a world unlike any other. If you have chance  to read it, do it, because if you dont your missing out on a great thing!
B0000025RI|5.0|The Greatest Album in the World from the World's Greatest Singer. Full Stop.
0790733897|5.0|This is one of those movies that gets copied for ever, but never surpassed. Being one of the first modern crime/action movies it still stes the standard for the entire genre. It also shows the advantage of using top  actors in this sort of movie: they give it just that little bit extra, that  most action movies lack. Like Gibson and Russel in Tequila Sunrise, here  Steve McQueen as a cynical cop lends his chatacter a depth that is quite  astonaging considering the rather stereotyped sort of person it is. The  plot was in its time quite original and it has been worked out with great  talent. Also pleasant is the relatively short length. This sort of movie  should not be too long. Now  Bullit will keep your attention right to the  end. Watch out for scenes, that have been stolen by nearly every crime  movie ever after.
B00003CX95|5.0|It might play loose with the facts in many ways, but when accepted for the Hollywood production that it is, this film dominates.  All the Oscar predictions wrote this film off for being too violent, but it is a war film  at heart, and the violence is right for the times.  In focusing too much on  the battle scenes, critics seem to have overlooked that this film has  elements to please everyone:  romance for the women, action for the men,  drama for the stoics of both sexes.  It is undoubtedly a must-see for any  movie buff.  (I've also heard that this is due to come out on DVD in March  or April of 2000.  Keep your fingers crossed!)
067158037X|5.0|I could listen to Frank McCourt's lyrical voice all day long. His stories are wonderful, and his voice is the perfect accompaniment for them. I encourage everyone who loves to read to experience the voice of the author  as well. Frank McCourt is a great place to start. &quot;Angela's  Ashes&quot; is still one of the greatest books I've listened to (or read).  The cost of the unabridged tapes is worth it!
6305750750|5.0|To start, 1 word, AMAZING. Perfect? Of course not, but neither were the other 3 by themselve. See them all at once, and you have a compelling, complete story. Much like Episode 1, it is part of a trilogy. For those who  say they are &quot;TRUE&quot; Star Wars fans, and disliked Ep1, they are  full of Bantha Poodoo, fans you are not. I believe if you see ths film as  what it is, groundwork for the next 2 movies, it sets the stage perfectly.  What is the event that makes Anikin turn to the dark side? What are the  motives of Palpatine? Where did all the Jedi go? And on, and on. I think  people go into this film wanting to hate it. Wanting to disect it, and  dislike it for petty reasons. &quot;Darth Maul wasn't in it enough&quot;,  niether was vader in Ep4. &quot;Jar Jar is just comic relief&quot;, so was  C3-P0 in all the other films. &quot;The plot is terrible and  incomplete&quot;, watch Empire Strikes Back, by itself, very, VERY,  incomplete. It will never replace the original 3, only complement them. Ask  yourself this, if I never seen Ep4 - Ep6. Would I hate Ep1 as much? I think  not, sure it had flaws. And yes, it was far from perfect. But worst film of  the year? No. And if it was sooo horrible, why is it the 4th highest  grossing film of all time?  If you are looking for high quality acting,  sorry, it isn't in the spirt of Star Wars to be polished. Visually  stunning? Very. Cheezy? At times. Should you see/buy this film? Definately.  Just too bad we have 4 years to wait to see how it all ends....
6302293553|1.0|JUST KIDDING!  I just wanted you to read my review!  worked, didn't it?  anyway, down to business...first of all, as you've read in most of the other reviews before mine, this movie is hilarious, and the rather weak ending is forgivable because of the fact that the rest of the movie is  damn-near PERFECT...secondly i would like to say that those of you who  think the movie is &quot;appaling&quot; or &quot;stupid&quot; or that it  &quot;reeked&quot;, are, well, frankly, IDIOTS.  you have no idea what  comedic genius is all about, so you might as well go rent an adam sandler  movie or something.  and for those of you that didn't like the movie  because it wasn't &quot;historically accurate,&quot; THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT  FUNNY!   get a freaking sense of humor already!  if you knew anything about  monty python in the first place, you would know that they're not going for  accuracy...they're going for humor and that is exactly what you get from  this movie! if you want &quot;historical accuracy,&quot; then go watch TLC  or the discovery channel or something!  don't go to your local video store  and rent a movie out of the clearly marked COMEDY section!   anyways,  that's all i have to say...now that i have vented, i feel better!  thanks!
0440219078|5.0|I truly felt this book is one of the best i have ever read. I am a 15 year old female and have read it three times total.  One in 4ht grade for fun, another in 7th for class, and again this year to just sort-of remember what  it was all about. It made me think about how lucky we are in life to have  our different styles,possesions,and feelings/emotions.   - LOVED THE  BOOK! ~~~jillian :))))))):):):):P :D :D:D:D:D;p
0792833236|5.0|Scorsese is &quot;Scorsese&quot; because of films like this. And DeNiro is &quot;Deniro&quot; because of acting like this.<br />The very fact that they can both make you love and feel for such an unappealing man as Lamotta is  testiment to their brilliance.<br />This is a brilliant film with Deniro  shining in the lead role. Little Joe Pesci was also well cast. Although he  doesn't have a major role, when he is on the screen he looks and sounds the  part ala Casino.<br />Lamotta is at war with men in the ring. The fight scenes  were brutal and well shot. <br />But nothing really compares to the war  Lamotta had with himself. It may not have been a brutal war, but it was an  emotional phychological battle that Deniro plays so well you feel as though  you can see his pain.<br />Deniro deserved his acadamy award for this  role...and then some.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This production is one of Santana's best not only has great songs with other artists but almost all the songs have the classic Santana beat. I compare this album to legendary albums such as Moonflower that I also own,  remember Black Magic Woman, well if you like that one you will love Smooth  in this CD.<br />Enjoy it!
B000002UC5|4.0|When I first listened to this album, I was not too thrilled with it, but on successive listenings, I've come to love it.  It's a light-hearted effort by Paul (a stark difference between John's first post-beatle album,  Plastic Ono Band - which I also highly recommend by the way).  &quot;Every  Night&quot; is a catchy tune, and &quot;Junk&quot; is a beautiful song.   And, of course, there is &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed,&quot; which could very  well be Paul's best song of his solo career.  Some of the songs in between  aren't terrific in their own right, but together they create a great  listening experience.
6305263248|3.0|I bought this DVD because my appartment is in the movie. And now that is the only reason I will keep this.   Jean Reno is good but still his French accent at the end of the movie is bothering. It sounds childish. The car  chase was well-done but that's it.  The story is predictable and too many  people died without necessity. I did not feel good after watching this DVD.
0385333846|5.0|Over the years I've been fascinated to see how people interpret and misinterpret this famous work, which I first read while studying abroad in 1989.  <br />Some people think it is a absurd comedy, others a quirky science  fiction novel, others simply don't know what to make of it.  But for those  of us &quot;lucky&quot; enough to be keyed into Vonnegut's cynicism, the  book is a powerful anti-war statement; nothing more, nothing less.  <br />In  his amusing, rambling, self-reflexive introduction, Vonnegut seems to  concede that the only way to write a great anti-war novel is not to write a  great anti-war novel.  After all, as he says, &quot;...there is nothing  intelligent to say about a massacre.&quot;   <br />Thus I'm inclined to say;  this is one of the best anti-war books never written.  I'm glad I never  read it three or four times cover to cover.
0671027344|4.0|THE PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER is a welcome addition to the genre of the young-adult novel.  One of the reviews below (actually, several) said that they liked that the book was written from the point of view of a teenager  who isn't one of the &quot;popular crowd,&quot; and I agree that that is  one of the appealing things about the book.  Very few teenagers actually  feel that they belong, and it's good to see more books that address that  feeling of alienation and also self-discovery.  (That sounds kind of  condescending, but it's not meant to be; I'm just coming out of the teenage  years myself.)  I'm not surprised that a lot of people identify strongly  with the characters in this book.  I do think that Charlie sometimes sounds  saintlier than anyone I've ever met, which for me detracts from the  pleasure of reading it.  But that's a minor quibble; the book is still very  good.<br />If you liked this book, I highly recommend another excellent  young-adult novel, HARD LOVE by Ellen Wittlinger.  The story is quite  different, but I think that people who enjoyed and identified with PERKS  will also enjoy HARD LOVE.  Check it out!
6305627401|5.0|THIS WAS PLAIN FUNNY AS HELL!   It makes fun of religion, parents blaming the movies for the way kids act,and all of the other B.S. that everyone is fed up with! That's the best humor around!     Although I am  over 18, I still think it is stupid that kids can't watch this.  I have a  lot of complaints about that: 1)It's their money, and they're the  customer!  Plain and simple. Without  customers, you DON'T EAT! 2)I want to  know What makes a cuss word a cuss word? Who is to judge that?  Face it,  there is and always will be foul language, all age groups are going to hear  it, whether or not they watch movies. You can't blame movies for bad  behavior, only the people that perform the behavior. So take responsibility  for your own faults and failures...GROW UP!       People during the Civil  War certainely weren't influenced by movies, and neither were the centuries  before!  Trust me, there was a hell of a lot more violence and wars then  than there are now!   If you think that TV causes violence, then where does  the violence that goes onto TV come from?   GOT YA!  There has always been  problems since the beginning of time...long before the technology  revoltion.    But overall, this was WONDERFUL!   I had my jaw dropped when  I saw the Canadian movie part, and Mr. Mackeys' &quot;MmmmKay&quot; song!   This is far better and more intellegent than Beavis and Butthead!  Rent it,  MMMMMKAY!
B000002GEV|4.0|Undoubtedly this recording was created with alot of care as you can feel the emotions of the performers in every single track.  The style here is much different from Breakfast In America as every song(with the possible  exception of Dreamer)sounds like a symphony.  To ellaborate further, each  song has deeply developed chord structures and varying rhythms and moods.  I am first getting used to this record, so I can not quite give it a  perfect five yet. I guess it takes time to absorb all the instrumental  touches and there are times when all these touches can be overwhelming to  some listeners. But it definitely is worthy of four stars.  Maybe even four  and a half.
6305014140|5.0|This is the second anime I would recommend buying, the first being ledgendary Ghost In The Shell.<br />The only weak spots in this film is the plot. It is somewhat predictable and not very original. That said, this  film is not about plot, it is about incredibly cool fighting and good vs  bad. <br />The film succseeds perfectly at being a fun, action packed fantasy  anime. With superb animetion and INCREDIBLE sound, this is a must  have!<br />That is why it deserves every bit of the 5 stars, dispite a  weak(but not bad!) plot.<br />However, it might not be for good for the kids  ;)
6305609691|4.0|If you have a sound system with four loudspeakers, you may want to skip the film and just listen to the helicopter music echoing around the room in the trailer. Seriously, it's a good film, but having watched the Deer  Hunter the night before, I found it a bit tame. The plot is easy to follow:  a soldier is requested to track down a top-notch colonel in Vietnam who has  apparantly gone crazy. But him and his collegues' experiences in Vietnam  are nothing compared to Russian Roulette (dam I keep refering to THAT  film). When he eventually catches up with Brando, I was expecting loads of  action, but the film just ended as if they ran out of budget. Did I miss  something here ?
6304493681|5.0|This is the best anime I know of. Simply excellent. The story is intelligent, based on Masamune Shirows manga. The animation is some of the best I've ever seen. I own the soundtrack, so I guess that explains how I  feel about the music.<br />This is probably the best way to get to know anime.  If you are interested in anime, buy this, it will get you hooked. If you  like anime, you've aleady got it (or you're just plain stupid ;).<br />The  only disappointment is the awful elevator-music on the otherwise fine  making-of documentary. <br />There are no excuses, if you own a DVD player,  you should have this.
B000002JSJ|5.0|i got this tape for my dad and he seems to like it so i guess it is good
B000002L6P|5.0|Not only does this album have Madonna's well known hits, but it has awesome songs that never really got popular. &quot;Pretender&quot; and &quot;Love Don't Live Here Anymore&quot; are my favorite songs on the album  and definitly make the cd a good buy.
B00003CWPL|3.0|This is quite possibly the strangest movie I have ever seen, however, its also David Lynch's first movie, so its justified. The movie is about how Nance and Stewart have a deformed chicken creature-like baby that just  screaches all of the time. The scenes with the baby are very disturbing,  and eerie. Nance is also visited, intermitantly, by an angel like women who  lives in his radiator! He also has several dreams within dreams. Thats the  movie's plot, yeah I know its weird, but altogether its a good movie,  although impossible to follow. It can only be enjoyed as a Lynchian vision  of an over-industrialised society and what the effects of that lifestyle  have on us all. Well worth viewing, but keep an open mind.
0060977493|5.0|This is quite simply the best &amp; most moving book I have ever read. The story line, the prose and most of all the heartbreaking but lovely characters are absolutely enchanting.<br />I have never read a book before  which can convey emotion so well through the use of words. The use of  language is well documented  and it does make God of small things stand  apart from other books. The language is just one part of this novel though  - it has many other amazing parts as well as the prose.<br />I stongly urge  everyone who enjoys books to buy this. You will not be dissapointed. Just  thinking about this book brings tears to my eyes.
0451160916|5.0|This is an extremely good read, but I have one problem. Everyone thinks that the &quot;theme&quot; of the book is Jack's alcoholism, and how he abuses  Danny, but I don't think that is the real meaning of the book (he  hardly abuses him anyway). The meaning of the book? I'm not sure.  I think  it could be interpreted as many things.  Maybe that powers like Danny has  can save but also can kill, or maybe only that it's not safe to leave  people in a hotel for 5 months! I think this was one of his best books, and  if I could finally get through the blasted movie (it's paused before he  goes into the bathroom!) it would be better--(the movie focuses on the  alcoholism way too much, but other wise it's a fairly good).
6305041156|5.0|Ran is the Japanese version of King Lear.  It is hypnotic.  Once you begin to watch it, you can not help but becomed entranced.  Any time I have seen it on IFC or Bravo, no matter where it is in the film, you can't turn it  off.  And the colours and the landscapes....  The DVD is so beautiful,  sometimes I just put certain scenes on to look at the Costumes, or the  flags flapping in the wind, or the battle scenes.  This movie is simply a  masterpiece by a master director.
B000002HRE|1.0|Jaymz is the biggest hero ever, gotta love his b-bender souped up telecaster, its blues based geetar at its redneck best, if only songs like disposable heros or creeping death were written in this way, its like too  heavy the other way man!
B000002UR7|5.0|sometimes when im listening to this album, i feel almost like im invading someone's private feelings, but then it feels that it's almost ok, because i feel like i know exactly what he's singing about. im sure i don't really  know, but the fact that it makes me feel like i do, is kind of a comfort.  it gives me something to listen to for all moods. so thanks radiohead,  you're giving a lot more than you think you are -&gt; ... thankyou for this  album, i appreaciate that you let everyone hear what you had to say/play  and feel. this album gets a lot of flack it seems, or gets categorized as  &quot;before the bends and ok computer&quot; . although i love both those  albums, i really really like this one too, and i think they all stand  equally. i guess that depends on who is listening, but what im hearing  sounds pretty good.
0679409866|5.0|What a surprise to find a character like Anne Elliot hiding between the pages of Persuasion. If you met Anne Elliot today, chances are you probably wouldn't remember her - but she would remember you -- so unused are we to  being observed quietly and subtly. She is not a typical heroine, by modern  standards, who speaks her mind freely and is a person of action. Elizabeth  Bennet in Pride &amp; Prejudice comes to mind when I think of modern  heroines -- outspoken and clever. <br />What makes Anne Elliot a peculiar  heroine is her ability to listen and observe -- two qualities most of us  would consider rather passive.  I find it interesting that at the opening  of the book, Anne Elliot is described as a woman who is past the first  bloom of youth and you get the sense that life is passing her by. But these  qualities give Jane Austen the opportunity to capture the subtle inner  workings of Anne Elliot's heart. Anne does not have beauty as a means of  getting her way; the idea of having her own way to get would be unthinkable  to her. So we are left to focus on her thoughts and feelings. <br />So much in  the book is left unsaid which in turn speaks volumes. It is quite  delightful to find a character  who is defined not only by the things they  say but by the things they don't say; by what they do and the things they  don't do.
6302484391|5.0|This film, remade several times and turned into a short-lived television series starring Barbara Eden, is truly a wonderful film.  Monroe, although she didn't want to wear the glasses required for the part, gives a  wonderful performance as Pola, who, without her glasses, can't see her own  hand in front of her face.  Monroe really proves her comic talent in this  film.<br />Bacall plays Schatzie, the brains behind the gold-digger plot.  She  is a first in her first major comedy.  In fact, with this film, she opened  up a whole new career for herself.<br />Grable, in her first non-musical role  in years,  plays, Loco, who brings the men back to the Sutton House  penthouse.  Although she had few comic lines, she played those she did  receive to perfection.  It was the last movie she made under contract with  Twentieth Century Fox after a long starring career beginning in 1940.  In  fact, she only made two more films after this one.<br />Monroe, who was being  groomed to take Grable's position as top glamour girl of the Twentieth  Century Fox lot, was purposely teamed up with Grable in hopes of fireworks  between the two, which would boost tickey sales.  Studio bosses were  foiled, however, when the two hit it off immediately and became fast  friends who visited each other often and always had a kind word to say  about the other.<br />All in all, a very enjoyable movie to be watched over  and over again.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I think this is the best of the series of Alien movies. The addition of the new scenes add to the film &amp; help some of the continuity. They also freshen it up &amp; almost make it a new movie. Having the digital 5.1  sountrack available is great although, at least on my system, you have to  remember to select it from the menu. The DVD transfer seems well done too.
0452270073|5.0|Having just finished Paul Fussell's &quot;cultural essay&quot; on WWI called &quot;The Great War and Modern Memory&quot;, I found myself compelled to read this fictionalized account of one of the main figures in  Fussell's book, Siegfried Sassoon.<br />The historical background helped me  enjoy this book tremendously, but it shouldn't take anyone long to be drawn  into this compelling story about a doctor who is trying to &quot;help&quot;  shell-shock victims recover so they can be sent back to the front.  The  characters are rich, the dialog is sharp, and the plot is riveting.  Even  the pacing, which I was afraid would drag at times, was excellent.   Interestingly, the Sassoon story is only a thread that goes through the  book; Barker populates the book with several touching stories and  characters, some who become more important to the reader than Sassoon.<br />I  dare you to read this book and not come away with a deeper compassion and  sympathy for the soldiers of WWI.
B000002HMH|1.0|Is that a vox wah pedal in kirks pocket or is he just happy to see me
B00000AFHM|5.0|this album is unlike anything i had ever heard  before. i closed my eyes and listened to it in the bath, and i felt like i was floating away, to this amazing other place. i would call Belle and Sebastian unintentional  creative geniouses, and good for them to have found such wonderful music  within them to share with the rest of us! thanks!
6305750750|5.0|I'm waiting for the DVD edition before I buy it.<br />Sure I'm a Star Wars Fan.  But why would I buy anything on VHS these days?   I'd rather wait the 3 or 4 years and get it on DVD.
B000002NHN|5.0|I was given this as a gift several years ago and never tire of it - it is full of surprises. It has hauntingly beautiful celtic songs and yet also has exotic middle east sounds. This is one of those CD's that you will  never feel like you wasted money on.
0790729342|5.0|This movie has everything and Action fan could want plus a great vision of the future. Imagine, little or no fuel. The chase scenes are unbelievable. A must have for the DVD collector. It's nice to have this on DVD with a  remastered soundtrack that claims digital 5.1 sound. The DVD sound quality  isn't perfect but at least they remastered it &amp; made the attempt &amp;  it came out fairly well.
6305750750|3.0|Ok, I gave it 3 stars because I was thrilled with the Pod Racing section.  Other than that, it is completely empty.  If anyone ever heard people complain about Mortal Kombat: the movie, then you got the picture.  It  seems like them tried to add too many characters into the movie and it  turns out, they didn't have enought time to developed the characters into  the story itself.  This is the first time watching SW and I wish that the  darkside should win.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Its pretty good at the start but then some stupid rock band starts playing.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|with a debut album the calibre of tidal it was not unreasonable to consider that the second album from this waif husky voiced singer song writer wouldnt quite measure up to the lofty standard she set herself.  fiona apple responds effortless and profoundly with When the Pawn...  although it may take a few listen to really get into once you do you'll  wish you could listen to fiona sing all day.  get this album and realise  that it is from one of the best talents around in the music industry today.
B000002AGB|4.0|Let's not be so harsh, folks.  The fact is that even on an off night the Who touched God once or twice.  Granted, Live at Leeds must come first in our collections and hearts, but you must own this album if only for the  versions of &quot;Overture&quot; and &quot;Sparks&quot; it contains.   Absolutely brutal.  Dark twisted screeching metal.  I am rarely so happy.   For somebody like myself who wasn't alive back then, this is an absolutely  crucial and ultimately fulfilling document.  <br />All that said,  &quot;Water&quot; does blow.
B000003BF1|4.0|It's hard to be objective about this album--I've lived with it for so long.  But there's no doubt that it's one of the best Stones albums (along with Beggars, Fingers, Exile). &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; &quot;Love in  Vain&quot; &quot;Can't Always Get&quot; &quot;Let it Bleed&quot;  &quot;Rambler&quot; are worth the price of admission.  Even the  &quot;throwaways&quot; are worthwhile: Keith's vulnerable vocals on  &quot;You Got the Silver&quot; (with great slide guitar) and the bridge on  &quot;Monkey Man&quot;--plus Mick really goes overboard at the end as only  he can.  This is when they really were the &quot;greatest rock'n'roll band  in the world&quot;.  A must!
157492589X|5.0|Although the phrase &quot;made for television&quot; conjures up the images of the tabloid story of the week and women-in-peril films; Larry McMurtry's epic novel &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; would not have been given justice in  any other format.  Television allowed that magnificent work to be brought  to life in some form resembling the novel.  The six hour running time  enabled character and storyline development that would not have been  possible if the novel had been adapted for theaters.<br />Although it does  have the jarring breaks that marked where a commericial interuption had  once been and it's share of television stars (Urich, Shroeder, Corbin);  &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; is movie big.  Big stars.  Wonderful  cinematography.  Great locations.  An authentic look.  A terrific score.   The producers, cast, crew, and director went the full measure to ensure  that this movie did not look or feel like a &quot;movie of the week&quot;  production.<br />Personally, I believe it, along with &quot;Roots,&quot; to be  the finest work ever done in the medium of television. It really does make  you feel for its characters.  The viewer will cheer and hope for them, and  when tragedy occurs, as it does throughout the film, it will shake the  viewer.  Nobody is safe: comic relief characters, children, and, even,  experienced Rangers.   McMurtry drives home the message that death in the  Old West could occur to anyone at anytime with shocking suddenness. In the  end, Captain Call looks back and remembers his friends and comrades who did  not return with him.  As he does, tears come to the eyes of this taciturn  character; and rest assured he is joined by many in the viewing audience.
0684872153|5.0|It had been a long time since I had found a book that once I began reading it, I could not put it down. Such was the case with Angela's Ashes.  Mr. McCourt's style of writing is like running down a hill: you cannot stop  until you have reached the bottom.  Then, he either hits you with a zinger  or leaves you gasping for air.
0486278077|5.0|After reading Dorian Gray, it took numerous books to accept that not all authors can have the genius and prose gifted to Wilde. Dorian's journey of making his life an art, exploring issues such as hedonism, sin, conceit,  deceit and youth is an unforgettable one, and this book has lingered on in  my mind since I first read it, and I think will continue to do so forever.  The best book I have ever read.
078322608X|5.0|Any movie Bruce Willis is in, and he doesn't save the world, deserves 5 stars in my book.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a great film with a stunning soundtrack, and fantastic visual effects.<br />My only regret:  It deserves a DTS release.
B00000JYGX|5.0|This by far is the best musical I've ever heard and seen before; and even if you do not speak french it gives you a straight view what's it all about ... it is so moving and touches your heart, you have to think about what's  going on and it is a wonderful piece of music art - and the characters are  so well portrayed by the franco-canadian and french cast; it is more than a  pleasure to listen to this (and view it...) on and on...and I'm crossing my  fingers that they'll earn the same respect and success starting in London  as they have all over the other places... it has to be a great success -  NDdP definitely will take over London's musical stages...!  Good luck and  thank you for that wonderful musical...
B00000J7JO|3.0|I bought this recording last month. After I listened to it at first, I was dissapointed. But, I figured it would be one of those CDs that you like over time. Either this isn't one of those CDs, or this process is taking a  very long time, because I only like 3 songs on this album: Around the  World, Otherside and Get On Top. I bought this album because of Around the  World and Otherside, and the only new song I liked was Get on Top, so, In  my opinion, this album isn't all that interesting or as deep as their  previous releases.
B000002OZY|5.0|I remember listening this for the first time now thirty years ago.  I loved it then.  Purchasing the CD last fall and putting in on made for the shortest Bostion to Dallas flight I ever had.<br />Wonderful music, recalling  a great time.  Roger Daltrey's voice never sounded better.  The  instrumentals (like in The Underture), are tight as they can be.  Listening  to this will take you back.  Much better sounding than the original  soundtrack album.<br />As an aside, how 'bout some help?  There was an early  Tommy soundtrack album (before the movie), with the London Symphony  Orchestra, Merry Clayton as the Acid Queen, Rod Steward as the Pinball  WIzard.  Great stuff.  Anyone out ther know if this is available on CD?
B0000214F0|4.0|Just finished watching the Unrated version of Caligula which I had only previously seen on pan and scan VHS tape, in the R rated version.<br />First off, the unrated version contains about 20 minutes of hardcore  predominantly heterosexual material in the form of short intercuts in the  main action. This material improves the film rather alot by slowing the  pacing and (strangely) has the effect of rendering Malcom McDowell's as  Caligulas descent into suicidal craziness more understandable and amusing.  A &quot;descent into suicidal craziness&quot; *amusing* you ask? Yes.  Caligula is an intelligent and powerful film but at no point could it be  accused of taking itself seriously. This is Roman history according to  Suetonius with a very big nod to Fellini. The humour is broad, the sets are  brilliant and the point of the film is nothing short of scorching.<br />The  DVD mastering is not the best I have ever seen but is massively better than  VHS (and is in the correct aspect ratio.) The sound is more than good  enough and the extra features quite reasonably good. <br />If you like adult  entertainment, by which I mean films intended for adults as opposed to  those who like &quot;good guys bad guys and explosions&quot; this is most  definitely one to watch again and again.<br />Top stuff
B00003XB8K|3.0|For those of you who were mystified and atomically subjugated by enigma^3's sensual infinity, than look the other way when listening to this album.  For some unknown reason, we get these lacking vocals and lyrics  that just seem to be restating Enigma's thesis which all fans are familiar  with. Another strange aspect is the recursive nature of this album compared  to that of the others.  Samples from their past albums have been  &quot;recycled&quot; or reinterated into the main flux of the sound (not to  mention the classical samples). Although Enigma does a great job of  homogenizing these sounds, the album just evokes nostalgia and not a new  4-d epiphany which I was looking for.  <br />However, what i find to be the  selling point of this abum is the overwhelming sense of doom which is found  throughout.  If you don't feel scared, especially when listening to  &quot;The Gate&quot;, than your just desensitized.  I take it that the  members of enigma just got too enraptured in the millennium thing(which is  so old).  Eventhough this album left me wanting more(it's so short), it is  a must have for dedicated fans.  Great for skydiving, not lovemaking.
0804106304|4.0|The Joy  Luck Club was an inspirational book.  It allowed me to deal with my own family issues.  The relationship between the mtohers and daughters was so heart warming in the end of the novel.  Amy Tan did a wonderful job  in portraying the family values and ties between the two generations.  I  thouroughly enjoyed the storyline especially becase the structure in which  it was writen was very organized.  I gave it 4 1/2 stars.
B00003TL18|5.0|I cannot think of an album which makes me wish more fervently that I was present at the concert where these tracks were recorded than this one.  In the audience on a &quot;Black &amp; White Night&quot; was surely the place  to be.<br />The excitement generated by this old legend and perhaps a few  younger legends-to-be was palpable.  Roy sounded as good on most of these  songs as he did recording them originally some thirty years ago.   &quot;Running Scared&quot;, &quot;Only the Lonely&quot;,  &quot;Crying&quot;, &quot;Its Over&quot; and the rest are classics in  anyone's book.  <br />When they all get together to close the show with  &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;, it is a great moment.  Worth every penny, whether  you have the originals or not..
0140434135|4.0|I spent most of the story wishing to dance with the witty Henry Tilney, slap the artful and manipulative Isabella, lose my temper with the deceitful John, and give Catherine Morland a good shake to knock some sense  into her.<br />That said, any book that can drag me into the characters' lives  as Northanger Abbey did is praiseworthy.  It's an easy read once you get  the hang of the language.<br />I really enjoyed Austen's tongue-in-cheek  lambasting of novelists whose heroines never read novels - &quot;Yes,  novels; for I will not adopt that  ingenerous and impolitic custom so  common with novel-writers, of degrading by their contemptuous censure the  very performances, to the number of which they are themselves  adding-joining with their greatest enemies in bestowing the harshest  epithets on such works, and scarcely ever permitting them to be read by  their own heroine, who, if she accidentally take up a novel, is sure to  turn over its insipid pages with disgust.&quot;  Her derision for the  flights of fancy of the Gothic novelists of the day are readily apparent  throughout the novel.  Catherine imagines herself in romantic, mysterious  situations (found in her favorite novel, Udolpho), as when she first thinks  of her upcoming visit to the Abbey:  &quot;To see and explore either the  ramparts and keep of the one, or the cloisters of the other, had been for  many weeks a darling wish, though to be more than the visitor of an hour  had seemed too nearly impossible for desire.&quot;  Yet when she arrives  she is disappointed in its modernity and normalcy - something that wouldn't  be tolerated in a Gothic tale!<br />If the ends of books are like desserts,  then the end of Northanger Abbey could be compared to Jell-O rather than  Cherries Jubilee, but the readers should focus on the meat and potatoes  instead.  All in all, an enjoyable read.
0425170055|5.0|Tom Clancy's novel is everything a military brat could dream of.  With the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United States and Western European Powers must focus their military expertise for a new kind of warfare:  urban,  counter-terrorism.  With the backing of the CIA and British 22nd SAS  Regiment at Hereford, England, ex-Navy SEAL John Clark and Major Domingo  &quot;Ding&quot; Chavez lead an elite counter-terrorism force, with members  from Delta Force, GSG-9, and SAS.  The weapons are fabulous:  Heckler and  Koch fully suppressed MP5 submachine guns, Remington Magnum sniper rifles,  flashbangs, and heartbeat sensors.  The main characters are well rendered  and the reader is immersed in the action, plot, characterization, and the  fears of the unexpected.  Also, this book would make a good teamwork  building trainer:  you must rely and have total faith with each member of  your team; otherwise you may fall victum to a tango's bullet.  Personally,  I hate terrorists.  There was an incident over in the middle East at Khobar  Towers that I would not like to happen again.  Everytime a terrorist dies  in this novel, I feel it is a personal victory.
B000001EUP|5.0|All things takin' into consideration. BLACKOUT is by far one of the greatist lps to come out of the 80's! Most Americans first heard of SCORPIONS in '78.TOKYO TAPES was so great we just fell in love with URICH  ROTH. The only other guitar player at the time like him was maybe,FRANK  MARINO. We bought everything we could find from SCORPIONS. BUT! as soon as  we found them URICH was gone? In steps MATTHIAS JABS!  LOVEDRIVE&amp;ANIMAL  MAGNETISM were pretty good but BLACKOUT just blew the cover off the boiler  room!  SCORPIONS are SUPERSTARS NOW!  If you only get to have one. This is  it! Production is perfection to the highest limit. There are no weak songs  here,Folks! The good news is LOVE AT FIRST STING is only better!  What  happend after that? Who knows? Is it better to burn out? Or fade away?  10  STARS FOR BLACKOUT!  Makes a great gift!  Don't forget! At the time the  critics wanted us to listen to Missing persons&amp;Duran,Duran,:-( BUT!  We  wanted OZZY,IRON MAIDEN,JUDAS PRIEST,DIO.ETC.ETC.ETC.&quot;WE WILL NOT BE  RESTRAIND OF PERSONAL DESIRES! &quot;
0385474547|4.0|Chinua invites the reader to explore this South African society through unbiased eyes.  He depicts an unforgiving yet reverent culture.  He illustrates how a society can change with one weak link and how things CAN  ...fall apart.  You become Ibo mid-way through the novel!
0385474547|5.0|Things Fall Apart was a great book that teaches a lesson in sensitivity and open mindedness.  Throughout the book the author challenges your threshold for differences in cultural practices and their justifications.   The author finally, and  intelligently, provides the reader with all the  sides of a good story and slaps you with a hefty dose of reality.
0062502182|5.0|I was travelling Southeast Asia when a man I met suggested that I read The Alchemist.  A month and a half later, in South Vietnam, a little boy selling photocopied books came up to me.  On the top of the pile was The  Alchemist.  A girl I was travelling with at the time saw what I had just  bought.  She took the book from me and scribbled something in the front  cover.  &quot;This came to you at the perfect time.  What I wrote will made  more sense after you've read the book.&quot;<br />Off on my own, on the way to  Cambodia, I started to read this book.  I became the shepherd and it became  aware to me that everything really does happen for a reason.  This book  carried me through, what was for me, a scary turning point in my own  spiritual life.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Full Metal Jacket is the gritty, psychologically disturbing tale of the process that turns humans into trained killers. The film is essentially diveded into two halves, with the first taking part during marine recruit  training where the would-be soldiers are molded into remorseless killing  machines. The performance by Vincent D'onofrio highlights this intense  first half. The second half follows Private Joker to Vietnam and the combat  of Hue City. Surprisingly, the violence of war pales in comparison to the  dehumanization process and build-up of the recruit training. Despite losing  some momentum(which would have been almost impossibe to keep up) it  completes the story by showing how the training has effected them mentally.  The combat scenes feature great cinematography among the backdrop of  countless     burning buildings. This is a welcome change from the scenery  of the jungle of most nam films. The end is cold, calculated and  surprising, culminating in an extrordinary experience. The film also  contains a unique feel to it, credited to director Stanley Kubrick. The  acting of Mathew Modine carries the film and the now infamous character of  Sg. Hartman make this an unforgetable film. Definitely worth the purchase  for the fact that it can be viewed many times because of its deep layers of  meaning. The Stanley Kubrick Colection also features the origional  cinematic trailer. In short, if you're looking for a film about vietnam  then skip this, but if you're looking for a film about the dehumanization  of war then this classic fits the bill. The film was nominated for best  adapted screenplay and was voted second best picture of the year by the  late critic Gene Siskel.
B000000XB9|5.0|this disc has some of the most important songs ever released.this is very essential to any collection.the songs have been rerecorded and done over&amp;over again.but Creedence Clearwater Revival have put their stamp  all over this disc.great songs,words&amp;Music.
6305750750|4.0|The sole purpose of my DVD purchase was to buy the P.M. when it came out, and to eagerly await the original trilogy's jump to DVD. Apparently, I may be a long time waiting, as Lucas has no plans for it to be released on  DVD...Or is this perhaps another ploy to sell the video, then re-release it  six months later with deleted scenes, and then re-re-release it again on  DVD 5 years from now?<br />People can kick and scream and complain about PM,  but the fact is, it was brilliantly cast, directed and produced with some  of the most incredible CG work in the world. True Star Wars fans will love  it, but may be bothered by the fact that it won't be available on DVD.
B000002UD0|4.0|It's hard to listen to this album and not think of 1974.  And though that may sound like an hollow compliment, &quot;Walls and Bridges&quot; is noteworthy some powerful songwriting.  &quot;What You Got,&quot;  &quot;Scared,&quot; &quot;Whatever Gets You Through the Night,&quot;  &quot;Bless You,&quot; and &quot;Nobody Loves You&quot; all uphold Lennon's  Rule that songs must unflinchingly reflect one's life.  And &quot;Steel and  Glass&quot; is a beautiful skewering of Beatle manager Allen Klein.  But  somewhere in the recording sessions the message got lost; someone tried to  turn this into a pop album.  It is part of the tragedy of Lennon's solo  career that he tried to continue to make &quot;art&quot; while trying to  hold his own in the ex-Beatle Billboard Chart Sweepstakes.  While it's true  that he succeeded for a few years in this endeavor, the combination doesn't  quite work here.  The album suffers from 1974-itis. (Those who suffered  through that year know what I mean.)  If he'd taken the starker approach  of, say, Springsteen's &quot;Nebraska,&quot; perhaps &quot;Walls and  Bridges&quot; would stand as one of Lennon's timeless classics.  Instead,  it's worthy attempt to turn a rough year of loneliness and self-destruction  into a something the kids would want to put into their 8-track players.  A  more suitable treatment of six of these songs can be found on &quot;Menlove  Avenue,&quot; where the fatigue and boozy sadness really come through.
B000021Y77|5.0|Creative and innovating, very enjoyable for my preferrable viewing
0385474547|4.0|I found this novel to be a valuable account of Achebe's heritage.  The issue of religion and masculine rites of passage are prevelant throughout.  Every reader can gain insight and learn a little more about their own  heritage and forces that may have impacted that heritage once they close  the book.
B00003IPFK|2.0|I agree with the viewer from Anaheim (2/15/00 review); Hallmark and Artisan ought to be ashamed of the way they have transferred this great western to DVD!  This was a wonderful opportunity to showcase this classic  at its very best via DVD.  Instead, the final product is a monumental  disappointment!  In addition to what has already been cited in the earlier  review, another shocker are the words:  &quot;FULLSCREEN VERSION:   Formatted from its original version to fit your screen.&quot;  Of course,  this means that every closeup in the original widescreen is now too closeup  in the fullscreen version, e.g., a single face often fills the screen.   Dialog betwen two actors who were in the same scene in widescreen are now  pictures that jump back and forth between the two in fullscreen.  Quite  often, the original panoramic scene in widescreen is completely lost in the  fullscreen, i.e., like losing your peripheral vision in real life.  It's  maddening!  You'd think it would be a no-brainer to assume that most  customers would want to see the picture as it was originally formatted  rather than a pan-and-scan version.  Does anyone else feel as strongly as I  do about buying the complete movie, as shown in its original theatrical  format?  I'm amazed at how often this travesty is committed on DVD.  (For  example, Warner's did the same thing to the film classic, &quot;Chariots of  Fire.&quot;)
B000000OAN|5.0|I'll just get to the point when I say that I absolutely love this CD!  It has a mixture of so many great things.  It has a great band and many instruments, including the harp which I didn't even know that Brian May  could play.  It has comedy to it, it has sadness, and it has some really  rockin' songs too!  What else could you ask for?  My favorite songs were  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody,&quot; &quot;Lazing On a Sunday Afternoon,&quot;  &quot;Seaside Rendezvous,&quot; &quot;You're My Best Friend,&quot; and one  of my new top favorites: &quot;Love of My Life.&quot;  I just started  bawling when I heard this song.  I thought it was so beautiful and I loved  how Freddie put so much love into it.  He made it so real that this man is  in pain because his love has deserted him.  I would name more reasons why I  love it, but I may bore you with too many of my thoughts.  I must say that  I don't just love it because I'm a girl of fifteen.  I think it could make  anyone cry.  That's how Freddie Mercury can get your attention!  Well, I  hope this has been helpful in a way to you!
0425170055|1.0|As a longtime Clancy fan I've picked up this book without hesitation the day it came up.  Coming home, I breathlessly settled in for another exciting read...only to be throw back with all gentleness of a car crash.  What the hell?  Environmentalists who would like to kill all the people on  earth.  Well, gee, that's right on the par with generals who're just  itching to start nuclear war in the believability department.  &quot;We  project 85% casualties Mr. President, but our way of life will be  safe!&quot;.  Pfft.<br />But what really killed it for me (besides the paper  thin plot and cardboard characters) was the continuous exposition.   &quot;And now I,Dr. Gene Evil, will explain to you my motives.  In  excruciating detail.  And repeat it couple of dozen times so you don't  forget.&quot; Oh gawd...After the 2nd half of the book, I was reduced to  just flipping through the book to find some action scenes, which at least  were moderatly involving.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is definatly offspring's best album by far.  It is very meaningful CD with alot of power behind it.  The Best songs are Smash, Bad Habit, Nitro, Self esteem, and of course Come out and Play.  The rest of the album is  great too.
B000002KDG|5.0|Crazy Horse as a musical partner to Neil Young has always been a logical, but at times uneven, choice.  For one thing, Young's delicate, challenging and idiosyncratic songwriting maintains a balance that seemingly only Young  himself could grasp (no wonder that throughout his career he's switched  partners more times than we can count).  Rust Never Sleeps is yet another  showcase for the man's sublime songwriting, but the cuts without Crazy  Horse sound stronger than the ones with.<br />Take the token &quot;dual  take&quot; that Young does on many albums.  On this one it's &quot;My, My,  Hey, Hey (Out of the Blue)&quot; and &quot;Hey, Hey, My, My (Into the  Black)&quot;.   As influential as Crazy Horse's sloppy, lax approach to  guitar rock, on this song Young's &quot;troubadour&quot; approach is much  better --stark, powerful, and minimalistic.  The acoustic side of this  album is absolutely stunning, while the electric side is solid, but  inferior.<br />Nevertheless, this was the last truly great Neil Young studio  album until Freedom in 1989 and a pivotal piece of Young history.
B000002H5I|5.0|My parents have had this CD for quite a long time now and I have always loved it.  'Talkin' Bout A Revolution' is awesome.  Overall this is a great CD!
089381525X|5.0|This book is an astonishing document on both the talents of Sebastiao Salgado and the roughness of some of the worst professions in the world. The book was several years in the making and it shows.  A lot of credit  goes to Aperture for such a quality print. Your first impression will be of  astonishment as you browse through the pictures of one of the top  photographers of this century.  Then, you'll want to read the small booklet  that explains what each picture is. One day I hope someone will print a  teaching book of photography with as good pictures as these, but with all  the detailed information of how the picture was taken (film, camera, lens,  exposure, # of photos discarded, date, time of day &amp; latitude, time  spent to take the picture, etc).  If there's anything to critize in this  book is that no technical information is given at all. But that was the  point of it.  It is an art book, not a didactic one.
B00000F3TS|5.0|I meant Donner i'm sorry, big mistake guys
B000002PCS|5.0|If this music does not give you goosebumps, check your pulse!  My husband and I are taking my dream trip to Mackinac Island (day trip) in May so I went searching for my soundtrack on cassette!  It is all banged up  so I came to Amazon to see if it was by chance available on CD . . . I am  so thrilled to see it is!  I'm usually a blood/guts movie kind of girl  but I must say Somewhere in Time is my all-time favorite movie!  I was  so pleased to see so many other positive reviews!
6303168507|5.0|simply amazing.  That's really i can say.  But one that does annoy me about one of the posts..and i quote &quot;And what's with the black and white? Hey, I have no problem with it, as a rule, but guess what: in real  life, during the 1940's, people lived in _color_! Surprise! It's not more  &quot;realistic&quot; by being on b/w, for God's sake.&quot;<br />if this  person knew anything about photography in general he/she would know that  black and whit shows more drama and emotion.  if you ask me the person that  posted that review hasnt seen alot of the great dramas from the 50's.
6305078564|4.0|You are probably already convinced of the excellence of this Austen classic and of the exceedingly skilled A&amp;E adaptation, but you might not know that the dvd version is not up to dvd standards.  I'm not sure,  but from my dvd player it looks to be just a transfer from the vhs, or  something.  If one is not keen on the dvd price tag, one may as well simply  buy or rent it on video.  However, if you have not seen this A&amp;E  adaptation, I hasten to add that any lover of Austen's book will likely  cite it as the best movie/tv rendition of the classic to date.  With a  length &amp; pace that can finally do justice to the novel, faithfulness to  the story, full utilization of Austen's witty dialogue, and nigh perfect  casting, there is little that this version can be criticized for.  The  music, locations, &amp; costuming are also irreproachable.  Believe me, if  you want to see Darcy, Mr. &amp; Mrs Bennett, Catherine De Burgh, the  silliness of the younger Bennett sisters, and Caroline Bingley done  absolutely and resoundingly RIGHT, you'll watch the A&amp;E version.  And  if you by some cruel trick of fate have been unable to read the Austen  original, the A&amp;E adaption is a perfect introduction.
B00001ODGR|5.0|Very good, Styx puts on a great show and the music is all mixed very well.  I only run it is stereo so I can't verify the 5.1 sound.
0684843749|5.0|This book was a great guide if your an athlete trying to get into shape for any sport, or if your interested in bodybuilding. It was a complete guide to weight training including a list of exercises with pictures and  the exact purpose of each exercise. If you are just getting started, or you  think you're pretty advanced, you should still read this book because there  is a lot to be learned.
0061053147|1.0|Great photogaphy has been the death of movies. So what is it about movie-fans that makes them insist a pretty movie is a good movie? Blade Runner ushered in an era of movie-making in which terrible scripts became the norm. A story from the filming goes that director Ridley Scott made 17 takes of a woman smashing through a pane of glass to get it just right; so where was the same fastidious attention to a coherent script? And the movie has found a niche among viewers with similar priorities.    This book is a fussy catalog of minutia and trivial debates on line dubbings. It recounts dry facts about the movie, but never gets around to a real anaylsis of the finished work, which is undeniably mediocre. The author acknowledges dozens of script inconsistencies but won't grant that they add up to a seriously muddled movie. In fact, he concentrates only on the script and the line permutations over the six versions of the movie. He doesn't seem to notice that the script was the least interesting aspect of the project. Want to get inside designer Syd Meads mind? Want to know where the sets came from? It's not here.    There really isn't a distinct author here. His objectivity was gone very early and any viewpoint dissappears behind slavish devotion. The movie's problems are defended as if they were personal criticism. He defends a never-argued thesis that Blade Runner is a great film. Superlatives are flung (triumph, classic) without any support. He reacts negatively to one viewers response 'What IS a Blade Runner?' without acknowledging that the movie never gets around to explaining this arbitrary job title. He also reacts negatively to negative reactions (Pauline Kael, etc.). He's just too close to (and  defensive of) the material. His whole agenda is pumping up the rep of this weak movie.     A single paragraph of decent criticism is worth more than all of this delirious fawning. Blade Runner remains the best-looking bad movie ever, a  ravishing dud, best watched with thevolume turned down. There probably is a good book about the making of Blade Runner but it's more likely going to be a cautionary tale called 'Blade Runner: What the Hell went Wrong?'     This book was quickly returned to the store.
0385474547|4.0|This is an okay text.  Although I had problems with the words used in the begining, eventually I caught on.  The entrance of the missionaries, shows how a little influence can alter what you believe and live by. Although  what they were trying to do I believe would have benefited them, many may  say that they were stripping them of their heritage.
0783216084|5.0|By all accounts,  the monumental success of George Lucas' Star Wars was the father of the modern blockbuster.  However,  this wonderful piece of action/horror preceded it by two years, which I guess makes it the  Grandfather. <br />The performances are wonderful.  The action is riveting.   And even though the shark definitely looks pretty fake sometimes,  it still  manages to scare the bejeezus out of you.  I still have a hard time going  swimming!<br />This was the first movie to ever break the $100 million dollar  mark,  a feat which today is standard for most summer movies.  But when you  consider that an adult ticket was less than three bucks at the time,  that  makes it a bit more impressive.<br />This movie broke all previous box office  records,  and it held those records for two years until audiences were  swept into that galaxy far, far away.
0385486804|5.0|Into the Wild by Jon Krakauer, covers the expedition of Chris McCandless, as he journeyed across North America preparing for his Alaskan odyssey. He was from a wealthy family and was well educated. He disappeared, abondoning  his car, and then beginning his journey in Alaska, and continuing  throughout western United States. He would find jobs to temporarily support  himself. The only food the boy carried was a ten-pound bag of rice. Four  months after his mysterious disappearance, his decomposed body was found.  He had dies of starvation.    The wilderness was a second home to Chris. It  was his sense of adventure that led him into the northern wilderness of  Alaska, where he spent the last months of his life. Although this led him  to his death, it is quite interesting. Chris holds a sense of understanding  of nature and adventure that allowed him to learn the true meaning of  happiness and what it meant to be independent. He was full of determination  and that made the story interesting.    Without a doubt, I give this novel  five-stars! It's very absorbing-you can't put the book down. This novel is  truly different from other books and is certainly one of the best books. I  would definately recommend this book for all readers-there is something in  it for everyone. The author, Jon Krakauer, does an excellent job of  reporting the story and this makes the reader feel like they are in the  story. If you are looking for a book to read, consider this one.
044100590X|5.0|This book is stunning, buy it now, and then read 3 times - you'll notice something new everytime!
B00000K3G8|5.0|It's difficult to rate any Talking Heads cd, but I feel that this one is their best because it's very nearly flawless. Sure, Fear of Music, Remain in Light, Speaking in Tongues, Little Creatures and More Songs About  Buildings and Food are all great cds. I have all 8 studio cds, Stop Making  Sense audio and video, Sand in the Vaseline, most of David Byrne's solo  material, and even The Heads (1996) cd without David. Talking Heads are  undoubtedly a classic original rock band homegrown right here in America.  Stop Making Sense is brilliant because the re-work some of their best songs  from previous studio albums. I can't think of an artist that has improved  their own catalogue of songs like the Talking Heads did on this cd. There  isn't a bad song on this disc. With it being digitally remastered with  added tracks, Stop Making Sense makes more sense now. Sure, it's around 75  minutes of music and who wants to sit that long? Well, you won't be  disappointed or bored. There is such an energy on this disc that is missing  from other Talking Heads cds. I know many people who do not like the  Talking Heads but they are a bit more lenient about Stop Making Sense. But  just listen to &quot;Once in a Lifetime&quot;, &quot;Girlfriend is  Better&quot;, &quot;Life During Wartime&quot;, &quot;Slippery People&quot;,  &quot;Heaven&quot;, &quot;Psycho Killer&quot;, &quot;This Must Be The Place  (Naive Melody)&quot; and you will know why the Talking Heads are brilliant.  This isn't a bloated 75 minutes of music like the latest Alanis Morissette  cd or Nine Inch Nails cds. There's not a beat missed with Stop Making  Sense. If you only buy one Talking Heads disc, I would recommend this one.  If you want a reasonable overview of the band then I'd recommend Sand in  the Vaseline. To me, Talking Heads are like the Police, they broke up too  soon and it would be great if they ever did get back together and record  new material.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater on opening night and I was not disapointed! The next week I took my mother to see it and she loved it. I cannot praise this movie enough and I am excited at the prospect of it  comming out on DVD. I was disapointed in the way the promotion of the film  was handled here in the good old USA. This was a huge mistake on their  part, it could have been a big hit.  See it anyway!
B000002GF8|5.0|How do I rate Synchronicity? I'd have to put it in perspective with the other 1,999 cds I've collected over the years. I have all 5 Police cds as combined on their Message in a Box set. I have all 6 Sting solo cds. It's  Synchronicity that I keep coming back to. It's 17 years old now and I was  just 10 1/2 when it came out. At the time I hated &quot;Every Breath You  Take&quot; and &quot;King of Pain&quot;, but what does a ten year old  know!  As I matured, I began to understand what Sting was saying. This is  one of those rare albums where music and lyric combine and compliment each  other. Psychologically this album never becomes dated or out of touch. It's  as tough a disc as Peter Gabriel's 1992 cd &quot;Us&quot; or Jane Siberry's  1993 cd &quot;When I Was a Boy.&quot; All 11 tracks on Synchronicity deal  with the theme of love and relationships. The metaphorical take on nuclear  war in &quot;Walking in Your Footsteps&quot;, the mother-son emotional  damage playing itself out in future relationships in &quot;Mother&quot;,  the stress of working and having a family leading to emtional turmoil on  &quot;Synchronicity II&quot;, the obsessiveness of stalking a loved one on  &quot;Every Breath You Take&quot;, the isolation and pain of being in a  relationship on &quot;King of Pain&quot; and the psychological/emotional  damage of the games we play in relationships on &quot;Wrapped Around Your  Finger.&quot; Few popular albums have ever achieved such depth in lyric and  richness in sound as the Police did on Synchronicity. It's digitally  remastered too to bring forth all the best elements of this disc. To be  fair, all Police albums are at least good. Synchronicity avoids the  repetitiveness of their first 3 discs and takes a step further than Ghost  in the Machine. Sting as a solo artist hasn't been this lyrically  provoking. The closest he's come is on 1991's Soul Cages disc in which the  music kind of fell short. Synchronicity is a disc that our grandchildren  will know about like Led Zeppelin's IV or Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the  Moon. Definitely worth having in your cd collection.know about like Led Zeppelin's IV or Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the  Moon. Definitely worth having in your cd collection.
0380804557|5.0|This is one of the nicest books I've read in quite awhile.  The story was so smooth and well written that I barely noticed as the time fly by.  One of the things I enjoyed the most is that the print in the  paperback  version was a nice size so it was easy on tired eyes after a long day.  Fairy's mingling with human's and lessons learned along the way of what  love truly is about... Wonderful!
B000000OMJ|5.0|Of Peter's 7 solo studio cds it is difficult to pick just one that displays his numerous strengths. His third album does just that. Musically and lyrically this cd is as powerful as The Police's Synchronicity. There's  nothing excessive on this 40 minute disc and compared to Security, So, and  Us it is a very dark and haunting psychological cd. From the opening  psychopathic &quot;Intruder&quot; to the heartbreaking dysfunctional boy  from a dysfunctional family turned into president killer story of  &quot;Family Snapshot&quot; to the sweaty-palmed amnestic tale of &quot;I  Don't Remember&quot; to the sarcastic anti-war tale of &quot;Games Without  Frontiers&quot; to the hearfelt surrealism of complete mental breakdown in  &quot;Lead a Normal Life&quot; to the cd closing anti-apartheid story of  the murder of Steven Biko in &quot;Biko&quot; this cd is a must have for  any serious rock collector. To be fair, Peter's Security, So, Passion, and  Us cds are all great too. Each one of them has their own strengths and  weaknesses, but I think that his third album is his most original,  non-mainstream, haunting and stark work. The cover of the cd showing  Peter's melting face is a hint as to what you will find on the recording.  However, if you are NOT a Peter Gabriel fan I would recommend starting with  his more mainstream So cd. His first two solo cds are mainly for hardcore  fans as they are more like his work with early Genesis. Both are  experimental as are all of his cds. Buy this disc it's worth the money.
B000002UZ1|5.0|This and the 1962-66 collection are the collective final word on collections of the Beatles' best-known music.  If you're a casual Beatle fan, you can't go wrong with these two releases, which contain almost all  their famous songs (and I would strongly advise buying both--the two of  them together make a good and detailed Beatles history).  If you're any  more serious than that, however, then getting most or all of the albums is  the better way to go.  Incidentally, this volume is infinitely better than  the early-80's &quot;20 Greatest Hits&quot; (which EMI has wisely elected  not to re-release on CD) because the latter truncated &quot;Hey  Jude&quot;--a terrible example of &quot;keep it short and simple&quot;  prevailing over common sense. Also, the Blue and Red albums are long enough  to have a few idiosyncratic selections (like &quot;Don't Bring Me  Down&quot; and &quot;Old Brown Shoe&quot;) that make them that much more  interesting.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I remember watching Return to Oz for the first time.. I was mm say 5 maybe 6. I loved it from the start, and here I am almost 18 and trying to remember every detail of the movie. We used to watch it in Kindergarden  whenever we had a spare  moment on those cold friday afternoons. I would  say this is the perfect gift for any generation! Trust me, if they didn't  see it in 1985.. show it to them now!
B000002LGA|3.0|And of that half, I like &quot;Strawman&quot; the most. That song shows Lou at his best, if I may be so bold, and songs like &quot;American Whale&quot; show him at his worst (i.e., shut up, Lou!). This from a fan.  Try &quot;The Blue Mask&quot; and &quot;Magic and Loss&quot; before  &quot;New York&quot;. Or, borrow all of his solo work and tape your  favorites.
6305657939|5.0|It's as though the first time, with McQueen and Dunaway in 1968, was a rehearsal.  I've always loved that original &quot;Thomas Crown Affair,&quot; especially for Michel Legrand's achingly beautiful score.   (And, sure, everybody was humming &quot;Windmills of Your Mind,&quot; but  do you remember &quot;His Eyes, Her Eyes,&quot; the mastersong of the old  soundtrack?)  However, I have to admit that the new version is ever so much  more than the old--more complex, more humane, more entertaining.  For  example, the original revolves around a bank robbery with a noisy chase  scene and shoot'em up--action-flick business as usual.  The new starts with  a devilishly intricate two-stage heist, bloodless and nearly invisible, at  the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and instead of mundane money, the thief's  object is something that, arguably, really matters.  Instead of the  original chess game that turns into a multi-minute kiss, shot at 36 stylish  angles in dizzying spins and effects, we now have a dance sequence whose  real star is the lighting designer--omigawd, what IS Russo wearing?   The  brittle, brutal, male-female guessing game of 1968 becomes a 1999  psychosexual engagement between two formidable opponents, each--to their  great surprise--worthy of the other.  What will win out in the end, ego or  the urge to merge?  the script asks (and Dunaway asks too, this time  appearing as Brosnan's Sybillic therapist, who seems to be peering with  amused detachment through a long lens at the past).  The film builds and  unfolds, playfully spilling the amassed symbolism into the final action  sequence in the Met as the perfect heist is reprised.  And, at the end of  the movie, as Sting exquisitely sings the 1968 theme song over the 1999  credits, you realize not only &quot;That the autumn leaves are turning / To  the color of her hair,&quot; but also that you've seen two immense heists  and a lot of suspense without a single on-screen death or even a gun.  Is  this why some people insist it's not an action film?  I say bravo.  And  I'll buy the video as soon as the price goes down.  :^)
B000001U3K|5.0|Neophytes, start here. People who hate Lou Reed: listen to this one! People who have never listened to Lou Reed: listen to this one! (Oops, that's a neophyte.) I sort of wish Lou &amp; co. followed the  &quot;Transformer&quot; formula more often, as preachiness and politics  date music and rob it of essence (&quot;Art has impulses of discretion; it  cannot say things directly.&quot; -Camus).
B00000IAU3|5.0|I never heard this artist before until I bought the Windows 98 SE upgrade and it included a sampler cd with the song and video of &quot;Here With Me&quot;. I instantly fell in love with the song. After hearing this song  (I play it constantly) and reading some of the other reviews on here, I  know I'll be buying this CD!
B000002AVF|5.0|Yes, i agree all fans who said that this is the best album Mariah ever released. As all of her albums no &quot;skip this&quot; song on this one but each of them makes you high, especially &quot;Looking In&quot;,  &quot;Forever&quot;, and &quot;Underneath The Stars&quot;...
6300215717|5.0|What a wonderful movie.  Wonderful storyline, and believable as well.  Any man would fall for Miss Hepburn in this movie.  Not only do the actors deliver great acting, but the location scenes are hard to beat, eternal  Rome is always a wonderful film location.  Sometimes I just turn the audio  down and put on Henry Mancini's &quot;Moon River&quot;, even though it is  made for Breakfast at Tiffany's, somehow I think it enhances the beauty of  Audrey in this movie.  I highly recommend this to any fans of love and  romance.  I miss Miss Hepburn's beauty and spirit.  The world loss a  wonderful sparkle when she passed away.
B000001FG1|5.0|THIS CD HAS GREAT SONGS.THIS CD HAS BETTER SONGS THAN THE GENE SIMMONS,PETER CRISS,AND PAUL STANLY CDS PUT TOGETHER!
0767819446|5.0|This is one of those films that leaves you wanting more.  With intruiging plot twists and characters that evolve in front of you, it feels real.  I recommend this to anyone who loves a good sci-fi film.
B000001FG1|5.0|THIS CD HAS GREAT SONGS.THIS CD HAS BETTER SONGS THAN THE GENE SIMMONS,PETER CRISS,AND PAUL STANLY CDS PUT TOGETHER!
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love listening to this cd!  All the songs are really awesome! I kind of just started to get into this kind of music, but I love it!  Limp Bizket, Korn, NIN, and Blink 182 are becoming my fast favorites.  As a recovering  pop music fan, I can tell you that buying this cd is a SMART decision!
6305263248|5.0|i expected nothing more than an action movie. i was amazed to find that it was more thriller than action. the action is very fast paced and doesn't linger. the car chases are very well done and the different characters are  intriging as is the way they interact together.     i really wanted to know  what was in the case, but i forgive them for not telling us. the take on  the 47 ronin is well done as well. overall i really enjoyed it, a nice mix  of story and action.
B000001ZS8|5.0|I picked up my first, Equinoxe, in 1981, only because I liked the cover, go figure. I knew the hit Oxygene, but did not know who the artist was. I now own all of JMJ's CD's. No artist that I have ever heard has swept me  into so many emotional whirlwinds. This CD scares me, pleases me, sets me  free. It is a singularly powerful foray into deep dark corners of the  imagination.<br />The artist bears his self, and the listener who is honest  will do the same.<br />A timeless jewel, one of the best additions to the time  capsule.
B000001DTM|5.0|Simply amazing, plain and simple
B00003CWL6|5.0|Or not.<br />- spoiler -<br />I have found that there are two reactions to seeing American Beauty as it was intended:  Either a cathartic revelation or nothing.  Some people see the movie and walk out saying, &quot;Well -  fine.  Funny and a general trashing of modern american suburbia.&quot;   Some people walk out - look at the leaves falling from the trees and say,  &quot;There is beauty in the world - there is hope.&quot;  Beneath the  superficial dissolution of the Burhnam family, American Beauty is about  personal revelation and coming to grips with your place in the world.  What  drives the movie are pairings of characters and the relationship between  them.  Initially the pairs appear to be [Lester and Carolyn], [Jane and  Angela], [The Fitts Family], [The Burhnam Family], and [The Jims].  Of  these groups, only one has a healthy relationship at the onset of the  movie:  the Jims.  The rest of the groups appear to have healthy  relationships, but that &quot;commercial for how normal we are&quot; is  soon shattered.<br />The movie has two climactic scenes.  The video of the bag  dancing in the wind and the final minutes of the movie.  I will not outline  them here for the sake of anyone reading this who has not seen the movie,  suffice it to say that every character in the movie - except Col. Fitts -  comes to a realization, and that realization is perhaps the most powerful  one that can happen to a person.  The revelation is that everywhere - all  around us every minute of every day - there is beauty.  Not the beauty that  is sold by the hollywood peddlers of image and shadowy illusion.  No, we  are suffused in realy beauty every day.  From the clouds to the bag  rustling in the wind to an ant methodically crawling its way along the  window sill to low purr of a well tuned engine, even in the shock and  finality of death - every day there is beauty all around us.  We pass  through our lives rushing headlong from one day to the next one year to the  next neverliving out the moments in between.  American beauty is about  finding those moments in life that might otherwise go unnoticed and living  them.  Once we realize just how much beauty there is in the world we can  realize that we too are beautiful.  American Beauty is about finding real  life - not a cheap imitation.<br />Many people will see themselves in a  character in the movie - I did - and that is what lends the movie such  great power.  I can empathize with Ricky's struggles and his longing for  beauty in the world.  To these people the movie will be a profound  experience.  To people who do not see themselves in a character - the movie  will have less impact, but is still worth the time to see.<br />Look closer.   Slow down.  Walk somewhere instead of driving.  Go out and watch a sunset  sometime.  There is beauty out there.
B000002L7V|2.0|I really enjoyed Ronnie's first two albums, particularly &quot;Holy Diver&quot;.  However, this time out he starts to sound stale.  If you have listened to his work with Rainbow and Sabbath along with the first two solo  albums, you will have heard every idea here.  Really, this is the album  that lost it for me.  I have not bought a Dio album since.  Dull, dull,  dull.
0385474547|3.0|Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe was definately a powerful book, showing how the &quot;white man&quot; came in and attempted to change things. When this attempt was made, Things Fell Apart.<br />He incorporated the spiritual  and personal beliefs in such a way that yuou feel compelled to look further  into it. The Mystical powers that presided over the many characters gave  you insight to what what the beliefs were and what was going on in the  minds.  <br />The main character, Onkonkwo, portrayed many sides.   The strog  man, powerful and fearless who had a hidden soft side but was too ashamed  to show it.   <br />All in all, a great book.   Gives a wonderful view of  colonialism customs and beliefs.
B000002L61|3.0|This is not quite as good as &quot;Holy Diver&quot;, but it is a nice follow-up.  I remember it really solidified Dio as a metal force in the mid-80's after the buzz created by &quot;Holy Diver&quot;.<br />There are a  few weaker tracks, but &quot;We Rock&quot; does and &quot;Egypt (The Chains  Are On)&quot; is a masterful epic.  &quot;Evil Eyes&quot; is quite fine,  too.<br />I like the title track even though it is from the same cookie-cutter  as &quot;Children of the Sea&quot; and &quot;Sign of the Southern  Cross&quot;.  Similarly, &quot;Mystery&quot; does kind of a pop twist on  &quot;Rainbow in the Dark&quot;, and it is not good.<br />Anyway, this is  pretty good, but if you are new to Dio, you would be better served to pick  up his stuff with Rainbow or Black Sabbath.  Vivian Campbell is good, but  he's no match for Blackmore or Iommi.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Don't believe the negative press this movie has gotten, it is a modern classic.  Outstanding special effects and music, while not sacrificing character development and storyline.  Especially interesting is the  Christ-type Neo, who serves as the prophesied savior.  Also, for those who  like mental stimulation, the questions raised about the nature of reality  and existence are incredible!  A classic movie!
0425170055|4.0|This is a very good book. It is about a group of international anti-terrorists. They are known for saving high profile political heads. One of their members is an old man who is losing is edge. He has to deal  with his loss without hurting the group. He is a man who is a war hero, but  needs to settle down.
B000002GLE|5.0|If you only buy one Sting Album in your life, this should be it. This album is one of my favourite CD's of all time. Not only does the album take &quot;Dream of the Blue Turtles&quot; material but some vintage Police  songs are included. Once again if you only buy one Sting CD in your  life.... this is it!
6304342160|5.0|Wowzers! What a suprise! The Waschowski Bros. really outdid themselves with this one; it's even better than The Matrix! Beautifully shot, cleverly written, seductively provocative, this is one not to miss. I haven't heard of this movie until as of recently and I was totally taken by suprise. In  all honesty, I rented this movie because of the &quot;steamy&quot; scenes  between Tilly and Gershon, but the entire movie really does some job on  your eye sockets. You can't take 'em off the screen.
B000002GLE|5.0|If you only buy one Sting Album in your life, this should be it. This album is one of my favourite CD's of all time. Not only does the album take &quot;Dream of the Blue Turtles&quot; material but some vintage Police  songs are included. Once again if you only buy one Sting CD in your  life.... this is it!
0385474547|3.0|An easy read, but hard to comprehend.  This is a story of another world, with different values and morals which are not easy to grasp.  I would only recommend this book to someone who is willing to invest time in it.
B00003CWPQ|2.0|Exactly where was this film going? That is the question. Unlike other reviews, this is not one where the reviewer liked the film. I am still waiting for the point of the movie to be made. Where is the rest? So much  ado about nothing. This movie is not misunderstood. It's just not finished.  Large portions are missing, like plot, substance and cohesiveness. There  were many rambling conversations reminiscent of Woody Allen but not half as  good. Dark and eerie - yes. Thought provoking - no. Lots of questions - but  few answers. Up till the end I was wondering how Cruise and Kidman could  star in this cinematic, clearly expensive, excuse of a B movie.
0374384576|5.0|The setting for this magnificent story is in England. It is about a young boy whose grandmother tells him about the characteristics of witches. Later, he and his grandmother take a vacation, so they stay in a hotel.  While he is exploring the giant hotel, he finds himself trapped in a whole  room with witches! What will he do? This book is a real page turner, and  perhaps one of Roald Dahl's best! I loved this book, and if you like Roald  Dahl's books, you probably will too!
630575067X|4.0|It was the middle of the night.  A mob crowded into a tiny space, creating a natural fire hazard.  Madmen dueled each other with lightsabers.  Others blasted music on boomboxes.  Myself, I was holed up in the front row, armed  with my trig book, a calculator, and my english texts.  8 hours before I  was to take my first final exam of my senior year, I was waiting with bated  breath to see the most anticipated movie in history.  A few minutes later,  I was swept away to another world...well, universe, with the words &quot;A  long time ago in a galaxy far, far, away...&quot;  Around 3 a.m., I  staggered out of the theatre, utterly stunned.  It had been a mesmerizing  whirlwind of subplots, character developments, and some of the best martial  arts I'd ever seen in movies.  I was underwhelmed by some aspects of the  movie, but I found myself cheering for the 'bad' guy.  Weird, eh?  Not  really.  Once again, George Lucas had created characters that left lasting  impressions.
6302548195|5.0|Where can I get a copy?  It seems to still be in high demand even though it is out of print.
0783225725|4.0|CLINT IS AS COOL AS A CUCUMBE
6305750750|1.0|There are many, many flaws in this movie. Its first and most overbearing flaw is that it was obviously intended to be a 'kiddy flick'. The computer-generated characters are practically cartoons. Some computer graphics in movies can be good, but adding in CG characters to a movie is  completely idiotic. You can tell that the actors did not see them, and it  is obvious that the actors were just pretending that the CG characters were  there. This does not come off too well in the final  presentation.<br />Furthermore, the acting is extremely bland. This is not  necessarily the fault of the actors, but rather a meaningless and boring  script with no redeeming qualities to it. I am sure that 'pretending' that  invisible CG characters were actually there took away from the actors'  enthusiasm as well. They just seemed to recite their lines without any  emotion whatsoever.<br />The presentation of the film seems rushed. Making a  good film is like making a good piece of music; there needs to be rests,  and periods of stress and release. The scenes in this movie jump from one  to the next without any time to let what the audience just saw to sink in.  This is kind of a moot point however, as there was nothing worthwhile to  sink in in the first place.<br />What is also annoying about this film is that  Lucas obviously intended it to be very politically correct; that's why  almost 0 people die, just robots and jar-jar binks characters. I believe  there were 3 people that died in the entire movie (I could be wrong on  this) You can't make a movie about large-scale warfare without  having people die; it is ridiculous. One would expect this from a kiddy  flick of course. <br />I was very much looking forward to this movie when it  came out. Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back is one of my favorite movies  of all time. Unfortunately, Phantom Menace does not exhibit any of the  qualities that made Empire such a phenomenal film. The only people who like  Phantom Menace are a) dogmatic fans who think that Star Wars can do no  wrong, b) idiots who like it because it is the latest 'fad' and c)  philistines who have no appreciation for a good plot or character  development in a movie, and like anything that has good special effects in  it.   Flashy effects do not make a good movie however, as Lucas seems to  think. Hopefully he will not direct the next film, and the CG characters  will be scrapped.
0395645662|4.0|This was one of the best books I had ever read, until the ending.  In fact, if there hadn't been anymore pages left in the book, I wouldn't have know it had ended.  I loved it up until that point.  The in depth detail and description of the  memory transfers made me feel like I was there,  receiving them.  The whole subplot with Gabe was really fun to.  I makes  you stop and think about how wonderful it is to be able to make our own  choices.  All in all, a very good book.
044920538X|5.0|Chinua Achebe was the epitome of &quot;the storyteller&quot; in this powerful novel! While communicating the very true story of the infiltration of christians and their beliefs into a peaceful and established African  culture, he was able to give fictitious characters a powerful life that  seeped from the words on the pages and into the hearts and minds of the  reader! <br />cheryl (student)Montclair State University
0964385619|5.0|Sometimes the Best Books are about things we already know.  This book is like that.  Of course, the reason it needed to be written and needs to be read is that it so succinctly organizes our muddled thinking and confused  emotions about money.  <br />One of the reviews here states &quot;Anyone with  half a brain knows this stuff.  Duh.&quot;  Of course we do, but we've lost  site of it given the deluge of distractions on what to do with our money.   We are constantly exhorted to buy this and spend on that.  Even if we are  investment minded, most &quot;advisors&quot; out there are merely advising  us on the financial products they sell!  No wonder we lose our way!<br />This  book clears the fog and sets a course.  For me and my family, this book  helped crystalize our financial philosophy.  It helped us define the Big  Picture.  It was written in such simple terms that our ten year old  daughter and our 13 year old son understood it.  For their fortysomething  parents, it only whet our appetite for more (a good thing).  <br />The  important point is that it set a framework for understanding and  communicating an approach to money that makes sense, so that my wife and I  can work towards the same goals, and our kids can start early in life to  understand how to make money work for them over their lifetime.
044920538X|5.0|Chinua Achebe was the epitome of &quot;the storyteller&quot; in this powerful novel! While communicating the very true story of the infiltration of christians and their beliefs into a peaceful and established African  culture, he was able to give fictitious characters a powerful life that  seeped from the words on the pages and into the hearts and minds of the  reader! <br />cheryl (student)Montclair State University
0449002632|4.0|I thouroughly enjoyed 'London'.  What a fascinating city.  I found the characters in 'London' to be very interesting.  I liked the way that the novel would follow several families from generation to generation.  I did  get confused with the number of characters in this novel, though.  I had a  tough time keeping track of them.  Overall, an excellent read.  This is the  first novel of Edward Rutherford that I have read and I look forward to  reading more.
B0000203YT|5.0|This film is romantic comedy at its best, with a completely original premise and somewhat off-beat plot.  I found everything about it to be top-notch.  The acting is fabulous across the board;  Gwyneth Paltrow  certainly deserved her Academy Award for her performance as Lady Viola, as  did Judi Dench for her supporting role as Queen Elizabeth.  Joseph Fiennes  gave a strong performance as Will Shakespeare, as did Geoffrey Rush, Colin  Firth, and Ben Affleck in their roles as, respectively, the play's  producer, financier, and star actor.  Sets and costumes are beautifully  designed.  The film also boasts a delightfully satirical screenplay.<br /><br />This  is a movie that doesn't take itself too seriously;  the film makes no claim  to be an historically accurate look at Shakespeare and his times.  Instead,  it seems intended to provide something a bit different in the way of  romantic comedy, and it succeeds admirably. It was, for me, wonderfully  entertaining!
6305265488|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen in a LONG time!  A must have! I have a daughter that is nine months and I want her to grow up thinking of it as her own &quot;classic&quot; fairy tale....Wonderfully written and  beautifully acted....
B000006NPY|5.0|This is no Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.  This is Adore.  A darn fine cd, if I do say so myself.  This has a mellow, yet stangely hard feel to it.  The first song is &quot;To Sheila&quot; and it has a soft,  intoxicating feel to it with piano and guitar chords that make you want to  melt.  Then, next up is &quot;Ava Adore&quot;.  Talk about a complete 360  degree turn around.  The soft chords are replaced by the driving hard  guitar riffs from James Iha.  Like I mentioned earlier, this is not MCIS.   That is one of the reasons Adore did not sell as well as Billy Corgan  expected.  This was a wiser, more musically intuned Corgan manning the helm  this time around.  The song &quot;To Martha&quot; dealt with the death of  corgan's mother, Martha, and the other songs on the album also have  significant meanings for everyone.  Plus, this is the last album bassist  D'Arcy was a part of.  A transition was made  in almost all respects.  Give  Adore a chance.  It'll do you good.  If at least one song on this cd  doesn't touch you in anyway, then I have failed as my job as a comsumer.   So, please, buy Adore.  Do it for me.  Ok, if not for me, for Billy, James,  and D'Arcy.  Thank you and God bless.
0385474547|5.0|I enjoyed this book a great deal.  This book was a lot easier to understand than the previous book I had to read.  I  was also able to relate to this story personally and that is something that I always  treasure in a book. The language was a lot easier to understand and the  things that might not have been understood were explained.
B000002KET|3.0|I was really dissapointed with this one.  I got it simply because everyone said it was so damn good. Despite that crazy cover, it is their least heaviest album and it is actually kind of happy sounding, which isn't bad,  it's just that Sabbath doesn't do a very good job at it.  There are four  songs that are pretty good, but that is only half of the album!  Overall  it's not bad, but you should try any of their first six albums (especially  &quot;Master of Reality&quot;) before this one.        Trust me!
B000007O9L|5.0|I had never heard a complete Rolling Stones Album before, I had always thought it of a different generation, something your parents talkabout and listen too.  But if I never recommend another album as long as I live, I  would like to offer this excellent example of acoustic and blusey late  sixies fare to the world.<br />Personally I am a miserable and despressive  sort of chap, so the songs like 'Angie' and 'Wild Horses' are persoanl  favourites.  But when joined by the likes of 'Dead Flowers' 'Shine a light'  and an excellent cover of the Dylan song 'Rolling Stone' you have a perfect  and very listanable album  Buy it God Damn you!
0385474547|4.0|Interesting, powerful, some truly gripping moments. The story seems a bit fragmented, yet still very easy to read. The moral(s) of the story?  Lighten up, and nothing good ever lasts forever...AND..NEVER waste the love  between a father and his children!
B0000026J6|4.0|I love Leonard Cohen, always have, always will.  No one can put me in a darker mood, of lift me to higher hights than the great man.  And this album is good, at points it is very good, songs like 'Tower of Song' and  'Take this waltz' are haughting in their profound beauty, and with other  gems like 'First we take Manhatten' and 'There aint no cure' I would  recommend this album to anyone.  <br />One note of caution is 'Jazz police' it  seems a confused song, out of place on this album.  It is very Cohen, but  it breaks up the flow of the album.  but lets face it, whats one song in an  album such as this.  buy it &amp; enjoy it
6302484391|5.0|I was unable to understand the sexy and funny plot lines of this movie. This is due to the regrettable absence of the actors' lines upon the screen.  So sad, I saw the whole movie, and never figured out if she  married a millionaire or not.  I love closed captioned movies, and it's  unfortunate that not every single classic movie sold by warehouse internet  companies aren't captioned.  I would buy more classics if they were  captioned.
0385474547|3.0|achebe writes about his own view on his country no matter what people feel.he didn't care what people thaught of his opion and thats what i admired. from this aspect i enjoyed the book and i know you would to.
068484267X|1.0|Angela's Ashes was a wonderful read for those of us who care little about long run on sentenses and poor punctuation. At the start of the book one empathises with the young Frank, but as one gets to know him a little  better, one grows to dislike the selfish boy. The need to find out what  happens next just about encourages the reader to keep reading despite the  awful style. The need to keep reading was mainly due to interest in what  happened in Limerick having heard first-hand stories from other parts of my  home elsewhere in Ireland at that time. I wonder why he ever got a prize  for this book! Don't hold this book as your only sample of  &quot;Irish&quot; writing.
6303327982|5.0|&quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is not about glorifying violence; it's a chilling parody of the American fascination with violence. The quick changes from color to black and white and back again, interspersed with  animated sequences, point up the satiric nature of the movie. Mickey and  Mallory, very well played by Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis, are two  killing machines without heart or soul or conscience; their only redeeming  virtues are their love for each other. They aren't meant to be sympathetic  characters and they're not, but Oliver Stone's direction makes them pale in  depravity besides some of the other characters -- the sadistic warden, the  despicable detective and his morbid fascination with Mallory, Mallory's  nauseating, sexually abusive father, and above all, Robert Downey's superb  characterization of the media pimp who feeds off blood and gore. The last  scene in the movie, of Mickey and Mallory on the road with their two  children, and Mallory about to deliver a third at any minute, underscores  the whole message of the film; violence feeds on itself and begets yet more  violence. Those viewers who were most upset by the movie missed its  message. &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is a brilliant, disturbing  depiction of the shallowness of American culture at the end of the 20th  century.
B000003NA3|5.0|I own about 15 splendid Coltrane-cd's besides, but since buying this set some 8 months ago, I have heard little else. This is simply IT, Coltrane at his greatest! That is not to put down the mindblowing music of the  following years with the great McCoy Tyner-quartet, but somehow while the  music grew in spirituality, it lost some of the sheer joy and colour that  overflows here. Eric Dolphy too plays with enormous inventiveness and  originality - and a heartwarming, innocent joy. How strange that his  playing turned some into an aggressive frenzy at the time! Of course, on a  1961 live-recording everything is not perfect, but overall the  sound-quality as well as the playing of everyone involved is astounding.  There are many bold experiments with arrangements and instrumentations -  and somehow they all turn out beautifully (although the overexposed  counterbassoon on the final &quot;Spiritual&quot; comes close to destroying  a miraculous performance). Coltrane's own playing is filled with joy,  sorrow, pain and ecstacy, and has not yet acquired the  &quot;superhuman&quot; aura that marks his later playing. Monumental and  utterly essential.
1561007773|5.0|This book has to be the best book I've ever read. Comprised of intense and emotional violence, extreme and tantalizing magic and fantasy as well as thick, heated feelings and love as well as hate. I am a writer myself and I  have been inspired by this book as well as all the rest of the books. The  author, Terry Goodkind, has a gift unlike any other. He has the ability,  magic within itself, to produce words and images on paper that seem to  engulf you within the book and send you into a vortex that takes you to a  new world where your thoughts are limited only by the amount of pages and  the amount of imagination you have. In all aspects, this is a book for any  fantasy loving reader...
B00003XB3C|5.0|This boxset rules! There's no two ways about it!  First of all just the box it comes in is killer.  Two it comes with the S&amp;M cd recessed in the first layer of the box which looks amazing! C, it comes with a deck of  playing cards in which each ace has a characterature of a member of the  band on it.  Fourth, theres a nice poster, a black T-shirt with 'S&amp;M'  on the front right brest and on the back it says 'SOLOIST'.  It also comes  with a desk calandar which has all the lyrics to each song on S&amp;M on  each page.  The box is also lined with a white satiny cloth which just  completes the mood of the symphony.  This set is a must have for any true  MetallicA fan!  Only 1,000 we're made.
0553573403|5.0|As a major in Western European history, I was surprised at how close to a real fuedal situation you can find in the The Game of Thrones. Martin is one of the premier writers in Fantasy, and if you are tired of predicatable  good guys always trumhant, you will like this book. As a matter of fact as  you make it through the series you will find that while there are  protagonists and antagonists, this game of thrones has so many players that  there are a lot of grey areas. Martin shows that stories are not entirely  created by the characters, stories are rounded out by them. Martin's  situations, obstacles and resolutions are what make him stand out. He has  written a very original history of his world, although there is perhaps too  much mystery of the rest of globe, realistically there should be more  knowledge carrying from one continent to another. He makes it seem like  spies are the only way to find out any information. I personally don't like  his use of contemporary explitives as well, it takes away from the over all  effect in my opinion. His use of Dragons was interesting; however, not at  all like how most authors portray them, they are not central to the plot  they are accentuating. Which probably describes the whole book. Almost  every part of this book is intrinsic to the success of the plot structure.  Not like most authors who have a central core and then build around it.  Highly recommended as intelligent fantasy.
B00000JCOV|2.0|The eight of them know how to play their instruments and they do it like no other! Two guitarists, a bassist, three drummers and percussionists, a keyboardist, and a DJ/sampler. What could be better? But then the vocalist  tries to ruin it all by screaming incoherantly and swearing as much as  possible. I give Slipknot 2.5 stars for the great, loud, and heavy music  they make(you'll be amased if you see them live). But the vocals are  completly terrible.
0812548094|3.0|I have been a reader of fantasy for some time now. I have also been reading reviews by readers  for sometime as well. One thing that is blatantly obvious is that people put far to much importance on Fantasy  writing. Simply put, Fantasy writing is usually based on an author's  particular views, and their associations with history and mythology,  blended together(the names have been changed to protect the innocent). And  emerges under the guise of Escapist literature. I will not criticise  people's positive reviews of books that they have read, because their  opinion is certainly valid for the context in which it is written. My issue  is with the negative reviews that seem to be motivated by anger, like they  have been personally insulted by the author for making them read their  book. Why all of this emotion, get over it. You probably would've wasted  the time somewhere else. Maybe it helps to vent I don't know. I find it  amusing that most of the negative reviewers cannot put together a cohesive  paragraph let alone, 982 pages. I would love to see them attempt writing a  novel. It is easy to throw rocks from down below. I think people need to  remember that Fantasy is not created for a religious experence, it isn't  meant to give spiritual enlightment about the world, it is meant to  entertain, nothing more-nothing less. <br />Onto the book. The Stone of Tears  did resolve a little to quickly in the end, and I didn't care for that  Sisters of Light portion very much-rather dull in my opinion. The bulid up;  however, was very interesting, and I personally liked the darker elements,  I admit it. I am tired of reading about the same old villans commiting the  same crimes, Goodkind's villans seem to mimic the perversity and violence  in our own world. Perhaps that is why some people have a problem with it,  because once you are reminded of the attrocities in your own world the  story is no longer an affective means of escape. I recommend this series  for what it is, anon-groundbreaking enjoyable fantasy with a dash of the  cold realities of evil. Try to ignore the irritating characters, though  none match the most irritating character of all Nynaeve from Wheel of Time.
B000002PCS|5.0|John Barry is definitely one of the most talented composers alive. He also composed James Bond, Born Free, Out of Africa, and many more soundtracks. <br />Somewhere In Time is his best work in my opinion. Like the movie, it  didn't get the attention it deserves in the initial release. As time goes  by, people began to discover what a hauntingly beautiful music it is. Now  it's loved by people of all ages. I highly recommand it.
0553108034|5.0|Well, I must say I was impressed by the second installment of the Song of Ice and Fire. It kept up the pace of the first book. He continues his fine ability to give us a complex plot with plenty of intrigue. Speaking of  complex just look at all the different angles: The Iron Islands attack, The  ambiguous threat from the north, of course the dragons, and of course the  Baratheon vie for power, the battle of the Starks to reestablish the  independence of the north, and the Lannisters attempt to retain an empire  under a sadistic adolescent. And those are just the major elements. <br />I  love how much duplicity he has in this book, it makes you wonder who is on  whose side. Which I think will play very well into the culmination of this  story. True, there seems to be a lot to be resolved, but up until this  point I see no reason to believe he isn't up to the challenge. I highly  recommend this book and hope that the third installment is not so long in  the waiting. In the interim read Michelle West, another intelligent writer.
6303593135|5.0|the 400 blows,hiroshima mon amour &amp; l'annee dernier a marienbad,pickpocket and a bout de souffle (breathless)are, somehow, a new way to look at things and how to express it to anybody else, on a screen.  the edition and the shooting of this film is one of the countless virtues  it conceals. belmondo &amp; seberg actuations are superb, as well. they  create a couple and their story -it is a film noir indeed- is being told in  a completely different way. he's a thief who meets seberg, and a crazy and  naf love affair begins. he, a modern tough but tender guy, wants to find  his way out of his enviroment by mockering every law, while she reveals as  a chic, short-haired femme fatale who'll carry everything to tragedy and  betrayal. the final shot is pure poetry.  this movie changed everything and  it still remains inimitated, even for godard himself. breathtaking music.  script by franois truffaut.
0312853238|5.0|I have been a sci-fi reader for 20 years now and this is the best sci-fi book I've ever read.
0684874350|5.0|this pulitizer winner is a must read and its undownputable! I really liked it a lot! I plan to read Tis when it come out in paperback!
B00003BE32|5.0|this video is a little long but well worth it, if you like s and m the cd buy this video
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think that this is a great CD. It has a few curse words in it on songs numbers 1+6, but other than that it's great! I listen to it every day! It's my favorite CD. I am only 11, but my mom still let me have it because my  dad sent it to me for Christmas. I especially like songs numbers  2,3,4,5,7,8,9,10,11,12.I really really like song number 9 because I  remembered all the lyrics. I like 1 and 6 too! For those of you who are  thinking about buying it, you should! It's a great CD! I like Blink 182 so  much that I have a clear binder with Blink on the cover! Bye! Hope you buy  the CD because it's awsome!
6301640659|3.0|I may be biased towards films by William Friedkin, but I also know a good cop film when I see it. Friedkin doesn't try to answer all the questions about the homosexual lifestyle, but at least he's actually taking on the  subject. Most directors don't have the guts to tackle a film like this. I  didn't think this film portrayed gays as bad as some people say. People  shouldn't look at this as a movie about  tearing down homosexuality.  This  is a cop film about a rookie tracking a killer and questioning himself at  the same time.  Friedkin provides great direction and the film does draw  you in.  Pacino and Sorvino are really believable and keep this film  looking authentic.  Overall, if you like cop films and/or Friedkin, buy  this film.
0440234743|1.0|There is no way the man who wrote Runaway Jury, Pelican Brief and The Firm wrote this stupefying snore of a story.  When I pick up a Grisham I anticipate characters I will love and hate, and suspense that keeps me  reading all night.  This one's a sure-cure for insomnia.
0385474547|5.0|Chinua Achebe book expressed the trials of a culture trying to survive under new and adverse conditions. The Christians who infiltrated their lives and culture came under the guise that they would bring something  better. What they did was impose their beliefs as the Supreme, the one and  only. These conditions really affected some and others were able to adapt  without any problems.
0399143904|5.0|This was my first read Tom Clancy book, but I am familiar with some of his other books. This book is one of the best books that I have ever read, and I have read quite a few such books. I totally agree with those of you that  say a) that it is nearly the same as his other books, but that is what he  writes about, and that is what he excells at. b) there are long boring  parts in the story, but no, i will NOT call them boring, they are pretty  long, but they mainly tell the storyline, and if you think in your mind  that they are fun, they will be interesting and not boring. It tells a  story about a former-CIA agent, John Clark who organizes a counterterrorism  task force based in Hereford, England and how he and his team battle some  terrorists very soon in the story, and the question arises, are they being  tested or is there a connection, and as the reader will soon figure out  there is a threat there to all mankind... Read it yourself and find out! It  is a bit lengthy, but it is worth it. Those that did not like this book, I  totally accept your thoughts even though they are different from mine.
B00000JGHM|4.0|This is a great film! I was not to excited about seeing it but I gave in to my friend's request for me to buy it. I was amazed by the action and suspense. The bank robbery scene is amazing and  had me on the edge of my  seat. This movie is a must!
0385474547|4.0|Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe is a glimpse into the culture of the Ibo tribe of Nigeria and a look at what happens when Christian missionaries come to town.  Achebe does a wonderful job of making the reader step out of  his own shoes and sympatize with the clan, even though their customs seem  strange or even savage to people of western culture.  Were they better off  on their own, being ignorant to the rest of the world, or did the  missionaries actually help them?  You be the judge.
6305750750|5.0|and I am ready to see it several more times with my home theater.  The films is very good, in both technical aspects and theme. The only thing that I do not like is the current insistence of film makers to use  androginous roles like that of Jar Jar Binks, whom you do not now if it is  actually male or female. Apart from that, the film meets my expectations of  a prequel for Star Wars.  I am looking forward to the others, and I only  hope that George Lucas will finally release all four films in DVD!
0440227275|4.0|&quot;The Giver&quot; by Lois Lowery was certainly one the best books I have ever read. It is hard to imagine a world without color, pain, and music. The relationship that the people had with one another were really  strange. The thought of having your career choosen for you was really  different. It is hard to imagine a world like the one described in this  book. This book was excellent.
6305648522|5.0|Finished watching this movie(DVD Version) last night and could not wait to enter my comments this morning.  It is one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life.  This is a must purchase for all movie lovers, and  ironically, the movie is about a movie-lover kid.  Unbelievably good  acting, phenomenal music, and tremendous attention to detail.  Definetly a  5 star movie.  <br />Unfortunately, the DVD lacks sound quality, the picture  is okay, but the translation from Italian is terrible.  Surround 5.1 would  make this DVD a collectors item.  I would definetly buy a second copy if  they ever produced a surround sound version.  Thanks amazon.com for making  it available.
B00003IPFK|4.0|This film is one of my favorite westerns and I have seen it a number of times, both on broadcast TV and on VHS tape.  In my opinion the DVD version was better than both. It appeared to me that there were a few small scenes  that I had never noticed before in previous viewings.<br />Although the audio  is only Dolby 2-channel it still sounds very good.  IMDb doesn't have any  technical specs on this movie, but it does indicate that the sound mix is  mono, so I guess we can't expect the DVD sound to be more than what was  origianlly recorded.  <br />IMDb also indicates the movie is 384 minutes long.   The DVD indicates that it is the entire 6-hours.  I haven't timed it, but  it appears to be at least 6-hours.  It comes on a single 2-sided DVD disc.   The only format available is fullscreen (1.33:1), no widescreen.  The movie  was shot on film, but was originally produced for broadcast TV.  This is  probably why it's only available as fullscreen, but it sure would have been  much nicer as widescreen.  Imagine some of the sweeping cinematography in a  widescreen version!<br />Not sure why some other folks thought this DVD  transfer wasn't all too good, perhaps it is their equipment or the DVD  itself was damaged.  I did not see or hear any problems on my equipment. I  viewed it on a Panasonic DVD-A120 using colorstream output into a 61-inch  Toshiba Cinema Series HDTV Ready Digital Progressive Scan TV (TX61X81) with  a Dolby Surround Audio system and it looked and sounded very good.  Perhaps  the other folks used something less than this quality.
6304698542|5.0|I'm new to the world of DVD and love musicals. I ordered several of my favorites that I had not seen for some time.  Some of them showed their age although I could easily see why I liked them to begin with.  Cabaret had  lost none of its dynamic edge.  The story and the characters were real  rather than just an MGM fantasy (like those too at times).  It was a very  good time with an old friend who &quot;wasn't lying around&quot;.
B000005TRO|5.0|This is a very good album of LAURA PAUSINI. It was quite hard to get it here in Slovenia... -:)  Songs Amores Extraos and La Soledat are the most beautiful balades that I've ever heard!
0385474547|4.0|Chinua Achebe uses his storytelling technique as a great way to explain the culture and society surrounding it.  His choice for using the English language instead of the traditional language that would have been found  within the culture at that time, is a wise yet disappointing choice.  In  order for the general reader to understand the basic situations that where  happening within that culture, the choice of using regular English was  appropriate.  I think by using the language of the culture, all  understanding of actual events would have been lost and overpowered.  Achebe's novel also broke down the basic understanding of the culture  itself, by using the storytelling techniques that he so enjoys, he is  explaining to the reader the simplicity that that the society has for their  culture.  Everthing is broken down into simplicist forms and can be  explained by a story.  I think Achebe's novel gives insight to a culture  that most people have forgotten even exists.
0140157352|5.0|I read this book as assigned reading for an International Relations course, and readily saw its relevance there.  But I have also been able to apply the book's principles to everyday life -- with my coworkers, my wife,  even my kids -- without damaging my relationships and still managing to  keep everyone content.  The central ideas about not digging in on positions  and finding common ground, are key to this success.  The book helped me  open my eyes to realize that sometimes common ground is easier to find than  I'd first thought, but it might not be what I'd first thought.  I highly  recommend this book!
B00003003R|5.0|When you hear this album, you remeber how great this band was. Rocket Queen, Estranged, My Michelle, Don't Cry and Novemeber Rain fill your ears with the excellent mix of melody and roughness that only the gunners can  achieve. The electric version of I Used To Love Her is just  a masterpiece  that reminds anyone Axl's greatness as a frontman.  What about Slash? If  you love his riffs and trademark solos this is a good buy. You can feel the  clean sound of his guitars running all across your skin, making a perfect  complement to Axl's vocals. There's only one thing i would change:  Locomotive, Civil War and Coma, instead of Dust n'Bones, You're Crazy and  Pretty Tied Up. After hearing this album, you'll just dream about the  posibility of having them together again, writing and playing songs you  could never forget.
0812932293|5.0|This book provides inspiration to any entrepreneur who has thought about just doing it and then listened to the doubting masses who wouldn't recognize a good idea if it slapped them in the face. Richard Branson is  funny, engaging and unassuming in this account that has everything from  corporate intrigue to sex, drugs and rock n'roll. Well done Richard, what  an amazing life you have had so far!
078062789X|3.0|This was a ok film. But it wosent the best I have seen. This movie would probally be ok for a rainy day or if you like sci-fi movies a lot and are into aliens.But if you are not then I would not recommend this film for  you.
0385493622|4.0|An interesting story which offeres the reader a glance, via the history of Fermat's theorem, into the past and present of mathematics  <br />The author has a knack for simplifying complicated ideas in order to make them  accessible to the reader and  in the end we (the non mathematicians) get a  general &quot;feel&quot; for how Wiles proved Fermat's theorem-- in my  opinion this is the best part of the story.<br />The first part  which mainly  deals with the history of Fermat's theorem is necessary, but a bit too  long, in my opinion.<br />Overall, I would highly reccomend this book to  everyone.
B0000041XX|4.0|Yesterday I had to record one side of a 90 minute tape.  So I had to cut this CD down to 45 minutes. I found I ended up cutting Granada and three of the mixed trio tracks: Tonight, Memory and Wien.  The resulting 44 minutes  is really superior.  I couldn't get Memory within the time, but you can  easily bag all the others (Tonight, etc.) and vastly improve this CD.
0385474547|5.0|I am mainly a science fiction fan who picked this up on a whim.  I sat down and read the book straight through.  The plot was excellent, but the really strong point of this is how the characters develop.  I did get the  feel from this of the destruction of African culture by the Europeans,yet  there is a much subtler theme that is very strong.  This is the theme of  how customs, religions, and society in general is really only 'right' from  you're own point of view.  That is, what one considers acceptable is really  just a reflection of the learned values of the culture one is raised in.  There is no 'inferior' culture.  The writing in general is excellent, and  Achebe pulls this one off using an omniscient narrarator--something very  difficult to do.  I would say read this not because you are forced to for  some school class but because it is such a totally unique and fulfilling  novel.
6300216268|5.0|Harold and Maude is one of those movies that isn't for the grown-ups of the world, young or old. it is about love not having limits, and the healing powers of living with the world, not just in it. It is equally  about personal freedom and committment. This movie is the funniest,  sweetest, most creative piece of work that twists what we all think we know  into what we all should know. Harolds &quot;deaths&quot; and the games he  and his mother play are a scream. I laughed out loud every time, at the  over the top protrayal of teen-age rebellion and parental control issues.   The film is multi-layered and very symbolic, and extremely dated now, but  powerful for those that wish had been given the chance to look at the world  through someone else eyes too. Bud Cort (who was nothing short of  brilliant) Ruth Gordon, Vivian Pickles, the whole cast was wonderful.
6303443192|1.0|thismovie is so boring, the script so ridiculous and weak, that it is a shame to the vampires legends all around the world. THe characters are bad, the actors are obvioulsy sleeping.
B000000W5P|5.0|I vaguely remembered listening to Shattered on my dad's record when I was a kid, and from time to time felt like buying this album, but I never did.  I bought Through The Past, Darkly a few months ago and really enjoyed it.   Then last week my roommates girlfriend brought over her Hot Rocks cds, and  I made copies of them.  <br />Once I heard Hot Rocks I knew I had to to go get  a Stones album, but I didn't really want to get one that had the same songs  as Hot Rocks on it, so I got Some Girls.  <br />The songs are great.  Period.   They're all worth listening to again, except maybe Lies.  It could be one  of thsoe songs that needs to grow on you, but I just don't think it's as  good as the others.  The title track has a good tune, but some of Mick's  stylings sound a little weird, if not awkward: &quot;American girls want  everything in the world you can possibly imagine.&quot;  And try as I  might, I can't get Beast of Burden out of my head.  I wish I could because  singing the same song over and over again for 2 days straight could drive  you crazy.  It's a good kind of crazy though, so do it.
6304618344|1.0|This director John Woo is viewed as the &quot;master of action movies&quot;. He is the master of empty movies, and I wonder what is going through the minds of Cage and Travolta, two great actors, in accepting  doing an outrageous script like this, always with slow-motion death  sequences. B! R3REHTQS2C6V04
0385474547|4.0|First Achebe guides us through a people's traditions and way of life, then depicts how another culture intrudes and attempts to reform these people out of their own impression of what culture should be.  Achebe shows us  that no one culture can determine what each individual or tribe perceives  to be a way of life, and a spirit of a people and the stories that they can  tell will transcend all else.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This movie is perfect. The director of &quot;SEVEN&quot; and &quot;The GAME&quot; obviously knows how to make good movies. THis movie is gripping, emotional, it is an attack to capitalism, I dont even know how Hollywwod  let it be produced (of course, to make money for them...)Norton assured  that he is one of the five best-actors nowadays and even Pitt is  convincing. Uau!. What a movie!  (only the ending is a litle abrupt, in my  opinion..)
0804106304|4.0|I GIVE THE JOY LUCK CLUB FOUR STARS. IT WAS INTERESTING AND RELATABLE. I HAD TO READ IT IN THE TENTH GRADE AND IT WAS JUST AS ENJOYABLE  THE SECOND TIME I READ IT. THERE WERE PARTS THAT I MISSED FROM THE FIRST TIME. THE  STORIES DO GET CONFUSING THOUGH, SOMETIMES IT IS HARD TO PUT THE MOTHERS  WITH THE DAUGHTERS, BUT OVERALL THE JOY LUCK CLUB IS A GOOD BOOK.
0767836286|3.0|Im still making my mind about this movie, to know if it is good or not. There are some sequences very good, but Bridgesacting is very poor. Robbins is always good. I liked the fact that &quot;evil&quot; won this  time.
078322804X|5.0|Wow!  What a fantastic DVD!  We have been waiting for a digital version of this fantastic film for 19 years.  The DVD is fantastically transferred bringing new image and sound vibrance to this cult classic.  The Behind the  Scenes bonuses are very informative.  Buy it and crank it up loud!
6304078145|1.0|It is impossible for gifted movie people like Willis, Tarntino, ROdriguez, Roth, amongst others, dont realize this movie is garbage. Once the movie was finished, they couldnt come back, so they released it, I think that  was what happened. Anyway, they will always find people like some reviewers  below, who will see &quot;art&quot; and &quot;fun&quot; where there is  none!  THe four episodes are boring, TIm Roth is ridiculous as the  bellhop, forcing himself to be fun.. Well, Im short of words for this  movie. I only regret having expent my precious money going into a theater  to watch it..(as the directors knew it would happen, due tot he great  cast! )
630428540X|5.0|I think this is a very well plot for the movie. It is very creative, and that's what i love to see in a movie. Also, I love John Travolta. He is a very good actor. This movie actually made me cry. It is very good.
078322334X|1.0|Its almost unbeliavable that, with Spielberg at the helm of this production, this movie is so bad, heartless, mercenary, I would say, one of the wors sequences ever done (rivalling, perhaps, with Speed 2. ITs a  total flop.
0792156684|1.0|Like many of my anti-Titanic brethren, my initial desire is to simply issue an irate rant expressing my disgust with how this drivel has  seemingly captured the hearts and dollars of everyone.  But I shall resist  and review the film objectively, showing how I came to a one star (a half  the film actually went so far as to say that all those who dislike Titanic  just do so because they hate Leonardo DiCaprio.  Isn't that just like a  teenage mind?  It's just her and her man against the world.  No, dear - I  don't hate your Leo; I've never met him.  NOW, ON TO THE REVIEW.<br />I will  not rank on the framing of this tale, which could have been interesting.   It sets up a modern day crew that is after the glory and fortune associated  with being able to excavate Titanic, a sunken luxury liner.  An old woman  says she was on the ship (is disbelieved) and eventually adds humanity to  this tragedy of long ago.  These characters are interesting.  They have  needs and goals and, eventually, change.  But how this happens gets buried  in an unoriginal plot and over-done cinematic spectacle.<br />After two and  half hours of love story and tragedy, Bill Paxton, the head of the  excavation team, says meekly &quot;...all these years I thought about  Titanic and I never let it get to me.&quot;  Paxton's character is supposed  to be our 'in' - he is modern man.  When he says that, the audience should  feel a similar since that this old tale has stirred their emotion.  Yet,  that doesn't happen.       Why?<br />The stroyline of the back-story (most of  the film) is dreadful with very little character drive.  Jack and Rose are  flawless youngsters who stand in defiance of old world fogies.  Convenient,  huh.  Their convictions of early on are only enforced by the circumstances  around them - never challenged.  Is this drama?  A disaster flick, if is  not to be purely commercial and for the sake of spectacle, can only do one  this film, this is no different than what they are in thebeginning (brash  youthfulness).  Do they grow up?  Did Rose ever?  Does she realize that  more often than not they would grow to hate each other, realizing how  shallow they are?  <br />Now, all of you Titanic fans will say, &quot;Surely  you must admit this film is a technical marvel of moviemaking.&quot;   computer animated effect look exactly like what they are - computer  animated.  Early on, in overhead shots, little simulated humans move about  kidding me?  All the while I was expecting the camera to zoom out and see  that this is all recreation on a screen that the excavation team was  watching.  How disappointed I was that this never happened.  Pay close  attention to these details in your next viewing of Cameron's unfortunate  sinking ship (more importantly the never changing computerized horizon in  the background) and most disgusting was the iceberg itself (which  suspiciously resembles the computerized berg that's shown earlier).  The  computer animation was a huge hack job and Paramount would be justified in  demanding their money back.  Oops... I forgot - they made a killing, oh  well.<br />In conclusion, a period piece often features lavish costumes and  music and makeup and more often than not it is in an effort to create a  distinct time and place - one that matches the way the characters feel and  think and act.  Two recent movies that succeed in recreating there time and  place are the severely wronged L.A. Confidential and Elizabeth.  The  actions and thoughts of the characters and background were so in step with  there period and location that you actually become a brief tenant of 1950's  Hollywood and Elizabethan England.  But something is amiss in Titanic - the  costuming and music and makeup may be nice but it's all for naught - the  motion picture around it is deliberately forgetful to the time and place.   The characters are simply disembodied and move about some timeless  netheregion with occasional stupid barbs such as Hartley saying nothing  will come of Picasso when he had already made a splash on the Paris art  scene at that time.  <br />In conclusion, I hated this movie - and did so for  good reason.
6305075468|5.0|This movie is so dark and so terrifying, you will think about Nosferatu for months afterwards.  The organ music in the background gets annoying after awhile, but it dosen't diminish the movie.  Max Schreck is brilliant.   The emotion he portrays is mesmerizing.  The plot is sick and twisted and  leaves tons to the imagination. Get it, you won't be disappointed.
B00000AFDW|2.0|The great songs are: &quot;RAISE YOUR GLASSES&quot; and &quot;PSYCHO CIRCUS&quot;. The rest is below Kiss standards. Well always keep wondering if this band love its fans or just want their  money.
0553573403|5.0|Martin has a potential Jordan-killer with this series.  Engrossing, relentlessly realistic and fun as hell to read, A Game of Thrones is one of the best &quot;swords and Dragons&quot; fantasies I have ever  read.<br />Martin's storylines are epic and engrossing... and sometimes as  excruciating as Stephen R. Donaldson's Thomas Covenant series.  Martin is  not shy about having his characters and peoples behave as they would in our  world - something that many fantasy authors steer shy of.  This results in  a more mature story, which in turn makes the reader feel that they are not  being condescended to (something many fantasy authors are guilty of to some  degree).<br />All I can say is... when do we get Book 3?
B0000027F3|5.0|HEy you, guys who think that metal, to be good, must be noise, like Slayer, Napalm Death, Cannibal Corpse and others. Listen to this CD. IT has Judas playing ultimate metal, fast and gripping, good lyrics, great solos,  great drumming, emotion. After this, Halford left the band and nothing was  the same again.
0380973464|5.0|While I agree that the book needed another going-over with the spell-check, frankly all the people complaining that this is not as good as (read: the same as) Snow Crash or the Diamond Age are starting to bug  me.<br />What happens when authors write the same book every time?  When bands  write the same record every time? It's called stagnation, and it means you  have no new ideas left.  Cryptonomicon is a brilliantly written,  high-impact joyride.  I've read the book three times through so far, and  have yet to get bored with it.  I have given it to two people in my family  as gifts, one of whom liked it very much as well.  Stephenson's way with  words causes me to chuckle every few pages, and on second reading, the  mathematics of crypto are actually quite well-laid out and easy to follow  if you keep focused.  I thought every aspect of the plot was well-thought  out and executed, and the experience as a whole is one of the most  fulfilling reads I've had in a long time.<br />Your mileage may vary.
B000000H42|4.0|THis is one of the greatest guitar-orientated albuns of all times. Its perfect. Shermann and MIchael Denner are Gods. But Diamond sucks. THe vocals are ideal for the songs, but the lyrics are silly, futile, arrogante  and irritating, because you keep wondering how they could be better,  without making the songs loose weight.
630516889X|5.0|Predator is a top quality DVD with excellent picture clarity and realistic sound effects. Another great title to add you collection if you enjoy Arnold's movies. If you are looking for a good scare then this is the movie  to get. Arnold's older movies  such as Terminator, Terminator2 and this  film seem to have more \\"kick\\" that his latest movies. Definitely a  collectors item and on DVD it's going to be a classic forever. I highly  recommend this one.
B000002MY3|1.0|This woman cant sing at all, adn is fooling everyone with her &quot;different&quot; appeal. Listen to this CD carefully: it is just plain boring.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This Aliens Special Edition DVD is the best of the Alien trilogy, with excellent sound and visual effects. Textures are sharp the colours are beautifully restored from the 80's. This DVD should have been remastered in  full screen as well, as widescreen is great if you have a widescreen TV,  but on a standard sized TV, the visual effects are somewhat lessened. The  end sequence of Ripley vs. the Queen is excellent and I still get an  adrenaline rush. Additional features are interesting and include an  interview with James Cameron. I was disappointed in the quality of the  photos in the gallery, rather pixelated. Overall an excellent DVD to add  your collection and highly recommended for Alien enthusiasts as well as  those who haven't seen this movie.
6305750750|2.0|In my viewing of the Phantom Menace, my expectations were for an enjoyable film about a galaxy far away that would still develop human &quot;type&quot; characters.  The characters in this piece were very poorly  sketched and accented with awful dialogue, long sequences of  &quot;action&quot;, and a plot that was aimed at showing a high number of  locations.  <br />It should come as no surprise to anyone that this film was  storyboarded before written.  It is the world's first (hopefully last)  location driven film.  The term &quot;character chewing&quot; by location  and computer design is useful here.<br />There was something I enjoyed here,  mostly for sentimental reasons, but I can't allow childhood memories to get  in the way of good sense.  This film was dumbed down and marketed for a  kiddy audience but at it's heart, it has what I feel is a dangerous message  for kid (besides the latent message to always sell out) - With all the war  that wages at the end, there is no loss, no real violence - it shows  children that wars and violence are not deadly conflicts but games where  legions of (human &quot;type&quot;) robots are disabled.<br />The over use of  judeo-christian references was embarrassing - the virgin mother, chosen  one... I honestly sat in my seat shocked that this was being done.  MESSAGE  TO LUCAS: A sublte allusion recalls and supports literary themes; it  doesn't slap the viewer in the face and say &quot;Look at me, I'm a  reference to the bible!&quot;  Very bad taste... these are supposed to be  creative people. <br />This was not a good setup for this second trilogy - I  shudder to think what new ideas the people at Lucasfilm will unleash on the  world for a few bucks.
B000000OMB|2.0|This is a case in point about what was wrong with the 80's, my least favorite decade musically. In the 70's, you could trust a union of musicians of this magnitude to produce scorching, jaw dropping prog rock.  But in the 80's it only amounted to overproduced, manufactured for mass  consumption, calculated FM corporate rock. There is nothing prog about  Asia. Anyone who thinks this is prog needs to listen to these musicians in  their better days of glory with UK, Yes, ELP,King Crimson. My opinion on  this one will never change with time. File with GTR under 80's bad idea  supergroups.
B000002JS8|1.0|My review of this album is really quite simple...<br />There are ten songs here they recorded, and only two are worth ever listening to.<br />Guess what that means....<br />One Star!   [2 divided by 10 = 1/5 stars]..<br />Oh yes,  those two songs are Touch Too Much and Walk All Over You.<br />The rest is  garbage.<br />Don't wast money on this one, trust me.
0804106304|4.0|In this novel many themes are explored and many problems are examined. Amy Tan does an amazing job of giving the reader insight into the complicated world of mothers and daughters, especially since the mothers and daughters  are from two dofferent cultures. The characters in this novel are all  dynamic and grow as we watch them deal with their past, present, and  future. Anyone could appreciate this novel and its message. I know I  thoroughly enjoyed reading it myself.
B0000296SI|4.0|This CD is really good.  It has music that you really want to get up and sing along with.  Not to mention it is AWESOME for parties.  The songs are all great and they have a good beat, the lyrics may not be totally  appropriate, but the CD is soooo good that I think it hardly even matters.   If you like swingin' music that is perfect to dance to you should  DEFINITELY buy this CD.   DON'T GET THE EDITED VERSION!
B000002OX7|5.0|This is one winner of a recording.  These songs just dominated FM radio throughout the 70's and I have fond memories growing up to classics like  Baba O'Reilly, Bargain, and Won't Get Fooled Gain.  Even the lesser tracks  like Love Aint For Keeping and My Wife have alot of hidden beauty.  And the  Bonus Tracks such as Naked Eye, Water, and I Don't Even Know Myself blow  away the best recordings of Def Leopard and Whitesnake with the upmost  ease.
6304383827|5.0|No matter how old you are, this film is a thoroughly enjoyable adaptation of Jane Austen's novel.<br />Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam are brilliant as the two leads.  <br />Wonderfully funny, with an excellent supporting cast,  I don't think anyone could dislike this film or be moved by Mr. Knightly's  declaration of love to Emma at the end.<br />One to watch.
B000003BEM|5.0|The mix of rock, blues, and country is as close to perfect as you can get.  Sympathy For The Devil is a defining song in the history of rock n roll. Dear Doctor is so hokey its hillarious.  The interpretation of Prodigal Son  is quite innovative as I love Mick's tone on this cut.  Whether its the  songs, diversity, instrumental layering, arrangements, singin, whatever,  this is among the best Rolling Stones releases.  Those who critique the  sound quality are just way too picky.  The disc was recorded in the  sixities so its a little hard for the quality to be up to mdoern times.  You really can't go wrong here.
B000005YZM|5.0|Desde Espaa escribo esta critica modesta de uno de los mas bellos e inteligentes discos de la historia del pop. El disco que contiene melodias de tal sutilieza y perfeccion que dejan al &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; de los  Beach Boys como si se tratara de un disco grunge comienza con una cancion  tan chocante como &quot;Care of Cell&quot;. Quien coo habia escrito una  cancin sobre el amor entre un chico y una chica la cual esta pasando sus  dias en la carcel?.Y para acabar una cancin tan sumamente complicada como  &quot;Time of the season&quot;. Intenta hacer la parte vocal y quedaras  como un mono agarrando un microfono. Y luego hay autenticos viajes  alucinojenos, ciertos toques cursi (pero muy pocos) y una perfeccin vocal  entre sus tres cantantes que me hacen dudar de si Queen tiene los mejores  coros de la historia. La pena es que estos chicos tuvieron que separarse  debido a la completa ignorancia por parte de los criticos de su trabajo.Si  puedes compralo, disfrutalo y rayalo (aunque sea un cd).
630575067X|5.0|This is a great movie.  Its unfortunate that it was hyped up as it was.  Those who loved the movie did not get all hyped up about it.  But those who did get hyped up and listened to what the critics had to say about it, were  all disappointed.  There is great action, a story line that filled in allot  of info that the other movie left you wondering about and introduced  characters.  Enjoy this movie.
B000000FG8|5.0|I'd like to start out by saying Operation Ivy is so amazing and one of my biggest musical influences you have to own this cd whether you do or do not like rancid, BUT this girl that said &quot;I hope they never become  mainstream&quot; Has to do her research OP IVY is from 1989 they have broke  up theres no way they can get mainstream.
B00000JCB2|3.0|i not too sure if i should buy this cd or not. is this cd any good or is it pure trash? you people tell me if i should buy this cd.
B000002U82|5.0|Well when I first bought this album I was sort of dissapointed, but now that I think of it, it was for really dumb reasons. My reasons were mainly that it wasn't another Wall, which was the first Pink Floyd I heard. It was  a lot mellower than I expected at the time, and I wasn't in much of a  mellow mood the first time I listened to it. I mean the wall was mellow  sometimes too, but it could also be really dark and menacing too. Now that  I've had more time to appreciate this album, I love it. My only complaint  about this album is that that one back-up singer (you know the gospel  sounding one) over does things sometimes. I mean she has a powerful voice  and there's places where it works well with the music, but there's other  parts where you just want her to shut up, especially towards the end of  &quot;the great gig in the sky&quot;. The lyrics to &quot;Money&quot; are  sort of juvenile, but I sort of think they're intentionally so, because how  else could you explain the contrast between the jokey, grade school kid  with a rudimentary sense of satire lyrics of &quot;money&quot; and the  vivid imagery of lines like &quot;the paper holds their folded faces to the  floor/ and every day the paper boy brings more&quot;?. By the way, if  anyone walks into your room and hears the opening to &quot;us and  them&quot; and says &quot;what is that, kenny g? &quot; I give you full  permission to beat them with a large kitchen implement.
B000031WD9|1.0|That is all this movie is...a child molester's dream come true.  It is a sick way of portraying young girls.  This movie is truly degrading to women.
B000006IUQ|5.0|&quot;The Edge&quot; is a breathtaking movie. It has great cinematography, excellent writing, two very strong performances, and great direction. This film is an underseen movie. This is a great movie and I highly reccomend  it.
6300213668|5.0|This is a brilliant video production of the stage show Grease. I haev watched this many times and it always has the same kind of magic and energy to it. If you haven't seen it, then why not?
0880381736|5.0|I have read this book so many times that it is no longer possible to tell what the cover says!  Yet I keep coming back.  Dragonlance is the only fantasy series I truly find fascinating.  The characters in this book are a  true example of how creative the authors are.  One anyone who likes fantasy  novels must read this series!
B00001NFCY|5.0|this is simply a great cd.  creed has a great style only complimented by the great guitars and vocals.
0880381736|5.0|The only fantasy book that I keep coming back to, time and time again.  A must read for any avid fantasy fan!
0140177396|1.0|Of Mice and Men<br /> I didn't like the book at all.  The only thing that I actually liked about the book was the character Lennie.  I thought that they described his characteristics very well.  The author described the way  Lennie acted so well, that when u were reading the book it was like u could  hear his voice.  I didn't like the way the story was written, because that  isn't really my type of book.  I think the reason I didn't really like the  book is because I don't really like reading that much, so that probably had  an effect on the way I looked at the book after I was done reading it.  I  wouldn't really recommend this book to someone.
0800177177|5.0|I recently went to Blockbuster and rented Bram Stoker's Dracula because, as a small child, I had seem commercials for it and had always wanted to see it to know just how terrifying it really was. Well, I was totally blown  away by every aspect of this movie. The performances by the actors as well  as the cinematography and special effects were spectacular. The script  remains ever-so-true to the novel by Bram Stoker, and the resulting  performance of Dracula, as played by Gary Oldman, is nothing short of  amazing and horrifying. The ending of this movie will move most sentimental  people to tears, as well as make them look out the window as they go to  bed. The DVD has no special features, but the image and sound quality of  this DVD is truly wonderful, full of vibrant colors and dynamic sound. Rent  it, buy it, it is one of the best.
0140177396|1.0|Of Mice and Men<br /> I didn't like the book at all.  The only thing that I actually liked about the book was the character Lennie.  I thought that they described his characteristics very well.  The author described the way  Lennie acted so well, that when u were reading the book it was like u could  hear his voice.  I didn't like the way the story was written, because that  isn't really my type of book.  I think the reason I didn't really like the  book is because I don't really like reading that much, so that probably had  an effect on the way I looked at the book after I was done reading it.  I  wouldn't really recommend this book to someone.
B000031XCR|2.0|This album is the perfect example of an artist singing below her potential.  She's turned into a singer interested only in selling records, rather than stretching and growing.  Faux pas abound.  What's with the  pronunciation problems on &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;? She  &quot;swallows&quot; her vowels and it is very distracting.  She should  take lessons from her self-proclaimed idol, Streisand, and learn to keep  her voice forward and clear.  She, at one time, had the promise of being  this generation's Streisand - the consumate voice of the last generation -  but she has let down her guard and insisted on including insipid, silly  songs in her repetoire. Maybe the next couple of years off will give her  some prospective and she'll return interested in more important work.  The  direction she's headed in will lead her into a short-lived, albeit stellar,  career.  Get serious, Celine, or don't bother.
0140177396|5.0|The story, Of Mice &amp; Men was a laid back but humorous.  I thought it was a great book. The characters all were individual.  They all had their own distinct personalities.  Lennie was my favorite character.  He was a  big guy that wasn't to bright.  Actually I felt bad for him.  I also felt  bad for the mice he killed.  Well the story is mostly about two guys  working on a ranch, but dream of having a place of their own.  Lennie who  was strong but had a mind of his own, wanted rabbits.  He couldn't get off  the subject bout those rabbits.  I really liked the book but the one thing  I didn't like was how it ended.  I was hoping that they would get Lennie's  dream about having a place of  their own and livin off the fat of the lan.
B00000I78Y|4.0|This is an awesome cd. If I were you, I would like buy it like now. The songs are all different,and they are all like punky sort-of.You should get it. I definitely recommend it.
0140177396|3.0|I like the story Of Mice and Men.  The story starts out in a field of weed.  They get kicked out of weed cause of Lennie (a big strong working man that is slow) he touched a girl with a red dress.  George is a guy that  is short and takes care of Lennie.  Lennie is a guy that likes to pet dead  rats.  George gets Lennie out of trouble or else he would probably be dead.
0792156684|5.0|There are no other words that describe this movie. It doesn't even matter how old I am, because 13 or 50, anyone can enjoy this movie! Perfect sound, AND picture quality. Take my advice and add this one to the cart, you wont  regret it!
0140177396|3.0|I like the story Of Mice and Men.  The story starts out in a field of weed.  They get kicked out of weed cause of Lennie (a big strong working man that is slow) he touched a girl with a red dress.  George is a guy that  is short and takes care of Lennie.  Lennie is a guy that likes to pet dead  rats.  George gets Lennie out of trouble or else he would probably be dead.
B000001F3C|5.0|This is a very good album. U2 managed to  rearrange their sound without destroying the good old U2 feeling(this was their first radio-friendly album). If you generally like the Irish band, this album wont let you down.  It contains many good tracks; New years day, Sunday bloody Sunday,  Surrender... This was the first big world release of U2 and made the  U2-name famous worldwide. The two first albums of U2 where pretty hard and  unpolished(The two first albums, &quot;Boy&quot; and &quot;October&quot;,  had more of the rock-feeling) .  This album shows more sophisticated sound.  But If you really liked the first two albums, this will be a  disappointment, because of it's slower and less-noisy tracks.   Some of the  tracks are too long, like New years day, with too much empty space in  it(The shorter edit made for the Greatest hits album is better). The lyrics  really completes the U2-quality-feeling. This album is actually the most  political album of U2. Actually this one is better than &quot;the Joshua  tree&quot;. Most people know, but a lot of people wont admit it. It's easy  to justify the giant total album-sales of U2, using this album as an  example of how many good songs they're capable to make for one album. U2's  best... Even now 17 years after it was released.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|so every one is on her case!   well j proved herself with this one,a definative artist that gives poor mariah a run for her money!  her album(although nothing experimental) manages to keep you swinging  through,however i feel that her best single is una noch mas/waiting for  tonight!  its not a bad album, just more of a 2nd ,not her first!   well  done for your effort,just next time take a leaf out of geri's book!
0140177396|3.0|My report<br />Travelling across America in search of who are now they do it on cycles, in cars, by bus or in time honored tradition of foot and thumb.  The wanderers of today may wear the long and speak a different jargon, but  their trip is one that men and woman have taken for as long as this country  has been pushing at its frontier.
B000002P2V|5.0|First off, I don't think I understand everyone's complaints about the extra tracks on the re-released version of this album.  I myself own the original album without the extra tracks, but if only the added songs are  remixed and the originals are still the same, what is everybody's problem?    Getting beyond that ambiguity, I can tell you that the original 'Who Are  You' album is one of the best Who albums that the group put out.  Yes, it  certainly doesn't stick with their early formula electric  guitar/bass/drums/Daltrey, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Instead  you get the most 'orchestral' of the Who's albums.  Probably everyone used  to the early Who will have to listen a few times through this one to  understand it, but once you do, it stands out as something really unique.   Maybe I could describe it as prog-rock, I don't know.  I think it defies  categories.  What you have is Townshend's most intricate and most produced  Who album, and of the last three the Who put out, it's the only album that  succeeded in what it attempted to do. Final word: the best song on there is  NOT the title track, especially after we've heard it on the radio over and  over on the classic rock stations. Everybody has overrated that one and  underrated all of the other tracks.  Especially good: science fiction  '905', 'Sister Disco', and sometimes loud, sometimes soft, always vibrant  'Guitar and Pen'.
0140177396|1.0|Of Mice and Men<br /> Of Mice and Men was a good book, I recommend it to anyone who likes a good short book.  It's full of fun and adventure.  But it had its ups and downs.  It is not a bad book, I think that I would read  it again, but not for a while, I would like to watch the movie first so I  can compare if it is even close to how the book goes.  I only like one  character and that's Lennie, he is very funny at some points, and sad at  other points in the book.  Over all it was a good book to read if you like  to read books.
B000002P2V|5.0|First off, I don't think I understand everyone's complaints about the extra tracks on the re-released version of this album.  I myself own the original album without the extra tracks, but if only the added songs are  remixed and the originals are still the same, what is everybody's problem?    Getting beyond that ambiguity, I can tell you that the original 'Who Are  You' album is one of the best Who albums that the group put out.  Yes, it  certainly doesn't stick with their early formula electric  guitar/bass/drums/Daltrey, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Instead  you get the most 'orchestral' of the Who's albums.  Probably everyone used  to the early Who will have to listen a few times through this one to  understand it, but once you do, it stands out as something really unique.   Maybe I could describe it as prog-rock, I don't know.  I think it defies  categories.  What you have is Townshend's most intricate and most produced  Who album, and of the last three the Who put out, it's the only album that  succeeded in what it attempted to do. Final word: the best song on there is  NOT the title track, especially after we've heard it on the radio over and  over on the classic rock stations. Everybody has overrated that one and  underrated all of the other tracks.  Especially good: science fiction  '905', 'Sister Disco', and sometimes loud, sometimes soft, always vibrant  'Guitar and Pen'.
0553296981|3.0|The Diary of Anne Frank, although poginant and powerful, is not as striking as the 1,000's of other Holocaust accounts. One must realize that there is more defiant literature under the topic of the Holocaust then the  Diary. Read on, my friends, and you can discover stories that will alter  your mind severely regarding this horrific atrocity.
0440234743|1.0|This is perhaps the worst legal thriller I have ever read.  I enjoyed Runaway Jury &amp; Rainmaker, so I have liked some of Grisham's previous efforts, but this has to be the 1) lamest, 2) laziest, 3) most boring, 4)  most sodden ending (yes, sodden is the perfect word) effort I have ssen by  a major writer in a long time.  Grisham should retire.  This novel would  not have been published without his name on it.
0894803123|5.0|Though the recipes look simple and easy, the results are amazing. After make batches of the Chocolate Chip cookie dough and Chocolate Fugde Brownie (My favorite), I am convinced this is one of the best ice cream books out.  The recipes are couple with hilarious stories from their aventures in the  ice cream business.<br />This book is fun for all ages. Recipes for ice cream  bases are given so you can experiment with your own flavors and additives.  <br />Almost all the recipes in this book require no cooking at all. So within  1 1/2 hours you could be eating a batch of your favorite flavor.
6303997198|4.0|This is a GREAT film--it touched me on a deeper level than I had expected.  The performances by Clint Eastwood and Meryl Streep really pull the film together--especially Streep.  The tenderness, vulnerability, and suppressed  layers of emotions she brought to the role is remarkable.  (A lot of folks  these days are shrugging her off and griping because she consistently  receives Oscar nominations for her work--maybe if they would try watching  her films for a change, she wouldn't be taken for granted).  The only  downside to the film is some extremely slow moving scenes (mostly the ones  that take place in the present time), but when it's all said and done, and  the credits begin to scroll, the film leaves an impact that will affect  even the most jaded of viewers.
6305750750|4.0|Jedi's, Dark sith lords, fantastic spaceships, exotic palacesand a boy's journey into the destiny that would find him.It was notthat this 1st enstallment of george lucas's Starwars was bad in any way.But the logicial fact is that this perticular episode was meant to have a much more lighthearted theme,and as G.L. said would very much appeal to younger moviegoers.This one was to be a shadow of things to come,and to have a very comic book like feel to it.On the positive side this 1st installment in the StarWars saga had great villians and very spectacular effects.Liam Neeson gave a wonderful proformence as the rebellous Jedi master,and Ewan McGregor gave a brilliant and convincing preformence as the young ObI-Wan Kenobi.
B00000JTB2|5.0|I,ve been looking for SRV and Albert material together ever since the overcrowded taping of the tribute to Paul Butterfield was aired in the mid '80's. Just listening to the snippets here on amazon made the hair on the  back of my neck stand up. Truly an answere to every blues fans dream.
B000002UTY|4.0|Happy trails refers to the fact that some or all of the band and crowd were stoned or on acid. The long pause on side a is amazing because they were so blown out after the intro they had to regroup.  That they could  &quot;finish&quot; the jam at all is amazing. Listen to QMS first lp and  dig on gold and silver.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I'm not a fan of all the cuts on this album, but God Only Knows, Caroline No and Wouldn't It Be Nice ARE that good.  I am unaware of rock harmonies elsewhere which will match these.  After listening to remixed stereo cuts,  the Pet Sounds sessions are next on my list.
B00003W8NM|5.0|David Fincher (in my personal opinion) is the personification of what is truly great about film making today. When it seems every film released in the last decade has been either some rehashed, recycled version of a  previous classic, or a sequel to an already rediculous story told two years  before it (i.e. &quot;Austin Powers&quot;) Fincher's ideas, style, etc,  protray his individuality and orginality as a director who pulls no punches  and appeals to the audience on a level that's always higher than the  &quot;lowest common denominator&quot; unlike so many films do these days  (i.e. &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot;). &quot;Fight Club&quot; is a  perfect example of how intelligent, beautifully shot films can make it in  mainstream Hollywood. Too bad most of the other ones have to be independent  or foreign films.
0792151712|5.0|It has the excitement of a thriller and the romance everyone loves in movie. I give it 5 stars!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I found out about this album from the Roswell website and discovered that it wasn't available in the UK, so had to order it especially from Canada. I purchased the album specifically for the Roswell theme tune &quot;Here with  me&quot;,but having listened to the album repeatedly since receiving it I  have come to the conclusion that all of the songs are just as good. Another  favourite track on this album is the song &quot;Hunter&quot;. I recommend  this album to anyone that loves the series Roswell.
0767836251|5.0|My sister commented on how good it was so  I wacthed it on HBO and thought it was great! I love Reese Witherspoon and thought she did a wonderful job playing Annette. This movie rated a definite 5 stars
B00001QGPR|1.0|previous review was never printed.  I will condense... This was trash.  Too bad.  I WAS a great bowie fan.
B00000J7JO|4.0|If you are thinking of buying this cd, dont only listen to the first 5 demos. The first 6 songs are great. Then for the next 4-6 songs, they are not very good quality. The last 3 songs are great just like the first 6. So  just listen to all demo songs first, because the whole cd consists of a lot  of slow tempo songs or ballads. Anthony Kiedes has become a great singer,  Flea is just as amazing as always, and the other guitar guy is good too. I  would say 75% of the cd is great and deserves 5 stars.
B000006OAM|5.0|I bought the cd Ophelia today and i have to say it moved me. As most cd's they take a little while to get into but Ophelia is a breathtaking cd. People who dont appreciate this cd havent sat down and REALLY listened to  it....listen to what shes saying.....the most moving song for me was My  Skin....a beautiful song....i also found kind and genrous to be another  gem....listen to this album and let yourself be swept up by natalies sweet  but strong voice...one word of caution though...dont listen to this album  if u have just suffered a break up!
0446310786|5.0|The first time I read this book was in 7th grade and I loved it. Now, a first year college student, I am reading it again. The story is so real, involving family and problems within. It talks about relationships between  siblings and friends. But most of all, it talks about stuff that has  happend in history. The way that blacks were treated and how their words  didn't matter in a court room. Not only was the book excellent but the  movie was great. With the movie you can see and feel the emotions that the  characters where going through. I recomend that everyone should read this  book at least once in their life. Also I believe that Middle and High  School teachers should continue having this book as part of their studies.
0446310786|5.0|The first time I read this book was in 7th grade and I loved it. Now, a first year college student, I am reading it again. The story is so real, involving family and problems within. It talks about relationships between  siblings and friends. But most of all, it talks about stuff that has  happend in history. The way that blacks were treated and how their words  didn't matter in a court room. Not only was the book excellent but the  movie was great. With the movie you can see and feel the emotions that the  characters where going through. I recomend that everyone should read this  book at least once in their life. Also I believe that Middle and High  School teachers should continue having this book as part of their studies.
0967851408|5.0|I have been using and studying the principals of thought for many years. This book is something of a classic in the world of mind-stuff and I would consider it a &quot;must read&quot; for any student of self improvement.  I  particularly like the simple system Mr Haanel uses to break down each  &quot;chapter/lesson&quot; into small steps that only comprise a few pages  of extremely well thought out material.  It is very easy to read and follow  although one might find that if its their first introduction to the  mind-stuff that they are going to most likely need to read it more than  once.  However, I have found myself reading the Haanel book for the third  time and like Think and Grow Rich and You Were Born Rich, its the kind of  material that one can read every year and still get a refreshing new  viewpoint along with a great lesson to take control of your life!
B00003CX9E|5.0|There is a reason why the majority of critics consider this film to be the greatest of all time: it's amazingly good.  The direction was supurb, the acting was excellent, the story was wonderful.  But enough silly adverbs,  just know that this is a film that everyone must see; it is a significant  piece of American culture.<br />And after you've seen Citizen Kane, be sure to  check out other Orson Welles films like A Touch of Evil and The Trial.
044022165X|5.0|You can step right into this book and drift  away.  The writing of Grisham in the first person truly puts you into the character of Rudy.  I found it extremely difficult to put this one down. It turned me into a Grisham fan  within the first  chapter!
B000002GYR|4.0|Do you remember when you were a child and you played in the rain for the first time? How the water smelled different from your nightly bathwater and the soap your mother used to wash you with? Remember how that earthy rain  always seemed to chase away the cold, even when it was hot? And all the  strange but wonderful bugs that would come out? THAT is this album. I can  smell the beautiful, but very very gone, past, when I listen to this album.  There are so few things in this world that make me feel this way. His other  albums give other things that hold the same level of intense beauty, but  this one is his most direct and pure. &quot;Martha&quot; reminds me that my  heart CAN break. And even in breaking there's beauty.I love this music.
6305750750|4.0|The best thing about &quot;Star Wars Episode 1&quot; is that is completely consistant in tone, and point of view with the existing three movies. Which is to say, that is you enjoyed the first three movies, than &quot;The  Phantom Menace&quot; will be a real treat.  Unfortunately, this movie was  the victim of a lot of hype and impossible expectations, which was why it  was prematurely trashed by too many people.   Like the other three  &quot;Star Wars&quot; movies, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; suffers from  some serious flaws and goofy choices:  The dialogue is often flat; those  aliens with the weird asian accents(! ); Jar-Jar's annoying antics, a  digital fart joke;  but it is certainly no worse than a lot of the material  in the original trilogy(the Ewak battle comes to mind.)   That being said,  I was by no means dissapointed in this rousing space adventure.  The movie  is really a lot of fun.  The effects have been lauded, but they are done  with a rare sense of wonder and imagination.  On the technical side the  movie is near perfect, from the costumes and make-up, to the design and art  direction, to the amazing fight choreography and the stunning music by John  Williams.   Some of the acting is inconsistant, or better to say that some  of the characters are not developed. Liam Neeson, however, holds the whole  movie together.  I can think of no better actor to play this part.  His  great presence and nobility are perfect.  Yet he's not the &quot;perfect  knight&quot; of Alec Guiness.  He's a Jedi Knight, definitely one of the  good guys, but he's also kind of grizzled, and worldly, very much like a  samuri from a Kurasawa movie.  His relationship with Jake Lloyd in the  movie is sweet, and touching.  This is very much a movie about father  figures, part of a greater story about fathers and sons.   This is not so  much an official &quot;act&quot; in the greater story but more a  prelude  to a five act story.  Its the great unfolding of a larger story. In that  sense also the movie shines.  We see the story carefully unfolding.  While  the dialogue may not be great the actual storytelling does not falter.  In  that sense the writing is actually good and rich.  Here we also set of a  tale ofintrigue that was never present in the other movies.  I think the  other two movies will go in darker directions than this fun but giddy  prequel.
B000001FTJ|5.0|&quot;Johnsburg, Illinois&quot; is mainlined love. He is so lucky to feel the things he writes. His wife and family are lucky to be loved like this. I hope to be this rich one day. This song causes me to admire Tom Waits as  a person, not just an artist.
6305750750|4.0|Now some have siad that lucas killed Star Wars with this film. Now I do agree there are somethings we could have done without(Jar-Jar). but it is the history of Star Wars and I for one and Happy it is there. I enjoyed  seeing the young Obi-Wan doing battle. the Fight sequence with Obi-Wan and  Darth Maul was By far the best in any Star Wars Film Yet. The speed at wich  it took Place the Moves that Both Obi-Wan and Maul Did were out of this  world. Over all I say this Movie was great but then agian I am a Die Hard  Star Wars Fan. I for one Can not wait for Episode II
B000001FTJ|5.0|&quot;Johnsburg,Illinois&quot; is mainlined love. He's so lucky to feel the words he writes. His wife and family are lucky to be loved like this. I hope to be this rich one day. This song causes me to admire this man as a  person, not just as an artist.
B000002KXV|5.0|A desert island disc if there ever was one...  Fagen does what all great artists do:  take something very hard to do and make it seem easy.   A generation later, it's every bit as vital, but feels...  timeless.  Words  like &quot;masterpiece&quot; and &quot;classic&quot; are thrown around  quite a bit, but never has an album of modern &quot;pop&quot; music  deserved them more.  Young listeners out there who buy this CD are in for a  great time...  For years this album had a reputation for unmatched sonic  characteristics and it became the de facto audio benchmark in thousands of  stereo stores.  As the years passed, the music came more and more to the  forefront, with delicate melodies, swinging grooves, and dense jazz  underpinnings that confound and fascinate the most serious students of  music.  As the sneering lead vocalist of Steely Dan, one expects sarcasm  and cynicism to be the order of the day, but things aren't as they seem.   In fact, no popular musical artist anywhere (except perhaps Billie Holiday  or Sinatra) has ever delivered such a profound meditation on the loss of  youth and innocence.
0140177396|3.0|This story is about two guys that stay together as they travel from job to job.  Lennie, a big, dumbfounded guy, is always getting into trouble and his best friend George is always bailing him out.  George can't look out  for Lennie for the rest of his life and that means Lennie has to make his  own decisions.  Lennie gets into trouble and he doesn't even know it.  He  is always saved by George, so he doesn't have to worry about the  consequences.  But he will soon find out what the real world is like.
B000002KKS|3.0|Good.......but it aint the same without ozzy and everyone knows it.... look what happened to sabbath after he left....Iommi is the greatest guitarist ever and he shows it in this cd, but all the life was in ozzy's  lyrics, so buy it... but it aint the same.
0140177396|3.0|This story is about two guys that stay together as they travel from job to job.  Lennie, a big, dumbfounded guy, is always getting into trouble and his best friend George is always bailing him out.  George can't look out  for Lennie for the rest of his life and that means Lennie has to make his  own decisions.  Lennie gets into trouble and he doesn't even know it.  He  is always saved by George, so he doesn't have to worry about the  consequences.  But he will soon find out what the real world is like.
0684872153|5.0|I remember years ago reading &quot;One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich&quot; by Russian author, Solzhenitsyn, and for weeks after I read this book, I could not take a bite of food without thanking God that I  had something to eat &amp; for everything that I was blessed with.   Angela's Ashes is the first book I've read since that has had the same  effect.  <br />America is becoming interested in the Irish, with our first  introduction to beautiful Roma Downey, on Touched by an Angel (who makes  you just want to cry on her shoulder), who also alludes to her difficult  childhood in Ireland with the death of her mother and the constant fighting  between Catholics &amp; Protestants.  She did a show recently on Ireland  that also made me cry, which indicates the Irish capacity to move people to  intense emotion and to almost bring you into their pain.<br />People have  criticized Frank McCourt's style of writing &amp; his long run-on  sentences, etc., but part of what I enjoyed about his book was this unique  style.  It was very easy reading, and I held my breath through every page,  praying he and his brothers would get something to eat before each day was  over.  <br />I will not usually buy a sequel in Hardback--I wait for the  cheaper paperback, but I immediately bought the sequel to this book.  It's  incredible reading!
B000002R48|4.0|I had to buy it as an import. This stage of D-Ts development shows their strong influence by Rush, early singer Charlie Dominici's vocals being only the most obvious clue. But the road they chose heads in the direction of  more instrumentals and mid-size songs (7-11 minutes) rather than Rush's  more radio-friendly vocal numbers with the rare huge sidelong work, even  back this far. This group is more metal-oriented than early-generation prog  tends to be, so if you believe Black Sabbath can coexist with Genesis, this  is your band.
0140177396|4.0|I thought Of Mice and Men was a very, very good book.  Sometimes I even had to stop myself from reading it.  I really got into it.  I didn't like the language very much though.  It uses curse words a little bit too much.   I still think it's a very good book.  At first it seemed a little bit weird  at first, but after I really started reading it I liked it.  I thought the  ending was sad though.  I would tell anyone looking for a good book to read  to read this one.  I really liked Of Mice and Men.
B00000AF95|4.0|Some people slag 80's era Kiss, however, I think this is a solid effort. Some very catchy and memorable tunes like the obvious 'heavens on fire' and 'thrills in the night' but 'get all you can take' might just steal the  show.
6302787440|5.0|Malcom X is the best movie I've ever seen. I don't know why no Oscar. It's no comment about Denzel's amazing performance. I think everybody must watch to understand the real Malcom's (and afro-american) history. Definitively,  a brilliant work!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Breath-taking! The one word I think truly captures this strangest of &quot;best of&quot; albums. Metallica, despite what anyone says, have always concentrated on doing what they want and whilst some fans felt they  sold out with Load and reload, I for one think that those albums contained  some of the best songs they have done and boy does this CD prove it! Listen  to &quot;An Outlaw Torn&quot; and tell me that it isn't a truly epic song.  Ditto &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;. What suprises is just how well the orchestra  fit in. Not only do they capture the very essence of true metal (the idea  of melody!) but they fit into the songs as if they were always there. At  times I feel myself struggling to remember how the originals even go. The  high point is saved till near the end with the absolutely stunning  &quot;One&quot; which if it doesn't have your head nodding like a demented  dog with a twitch means you are just not a metal fan. The new songs are  also superb with the killer riff of &quot;-Human&quot; and the simply  gorgeous vocals of &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; (how can James sound THAT  good live?). This is a band at the peak of their powers. Treasure them for  soon they will be gone but this is one CD that will NEVER age. Incredible.
0385484518|4.0|Quelle e matto! What maddness!  How did this book every make it to the NYT best seller's list?  Tuesday's With Morrie is nothing but a sentimental education. The wisdom he has imparted to Mitch Albiom is common sense but  Mr. Albiom has wasted no time in crucifying us with this feel good message.   Schwartz's encomiums is that if one listens,smiles,loves, and engages in  the basic tenants of existence then life would be alright. What of life  itself? How can one reconcile Schwartz's aphorisims to the slings and  arrows of outrageous fortunes? Was Schwartz putting up a brave face or did  he permit suffering to be a part of his life as much as his feel-good  message? Was Schwartz a man in a flowerchild's body? Or, is his message  symptomatic of society's inability to truly embrace the human suffering?  (Witness the ghastly sentimentalization of Princess Diana's funeral  complete with John Tavener, the glorification of Ophrah and Scott Peck)It  is not surprising that a WWF wrestler has now grappled and overthrown  Schwartz's empty aphorisisms.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The best movie i've seen in along time. With all the action happening it keeps you hooked. I found it rather confusing in some parts but overall  i enjoyed it. The special affects were great. A must watch for all Keanu  Reeves fans!
0671042858|3.0|I have been waiting for this book to come out on paperback, an then an opurtunity knox came along. I read it in a couple of days and I liked it. It was well writen and easy to read. The story was great but it had some  mistakes. I know that some of you don't want to read about some girl lost  in the woods through the whole book. And Stephen King still hasn't gotten  back into his original scary novels. I would recommend this book to  everyone except for the ones who are fans of Stephen King and want a good  scary novel.
B00000JMOF|5.0|a classic film is even better on dvd! this 69 year old film looks wonderful on dvd and the disc is loaded with extras..including a very informative documentary and a short film as an extra. you can't go wrong  with this dvd..and i recommend getting the other old monster films on dvd  also!
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone made me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always be. I also  recommend BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE. Don't forget to  watch the movie!
B000003Z12|5.0|I just wanted to simply state that I love this CD. I am a long time fan of Mr Schon. I found the track &quot;Espanique&quot; particulary majestic and moving.
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone made me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. It's a TEN!  If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always  be. I also recommend BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE. Don't  forget to watch the movie!
0780628551|1.0|Some films you watch cajole you into a state of fascinated timelessness in which you are so very absorbed in the play that the ending seems to come mere minutes after the beginning; some films, on the other hand, make you  squirm with restlessness, and you inevitably reach for the Fast Forward  button of your remote control. Guess which type this 'Rosemary's Abortion'  was? <br />You would expect that any film with even a vague pretense of trying  to be a science fiction thriller would, at the very least, sweep you away  with special effects. Yes, the Matrix was childish in script but the  effects were compelling. This one really had nothing to keep me watching  except a small and rapidly diminishing interest in how the space-demon who  possessed the hero would manifest itself. For the brief seconds that it  appeared, it looked like those smokey, ghostlike wisps from 'Raiders of the  lost ark' or 'Poltergeist'. Too little, too late. There was no other  similarity between this bomb and those Spielberg classics.<br />For great  astronaut shots see Apollo 13; for the 'husband has gotten weird' scenario,  see Devil's Advocate; for the 'I am carrying a spooky fetus' genre see  Rosemary's Baby; and if smokey, ghostlike wisps are your bag, then see the  two aforementioned epics. <br />(For those with an electrical bent: you may  wonder why the radio in the bathtub didn't cause the fuse or breaker to  trip, thus ending the shocking display.)
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone made me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always be. I also  recommend BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE.
0553573403|5.0|The best comment that I can make is that the setting for this story is exactly that, the setting. Often times in fantasy novels the setting, or the magic amulet, or the orphan heir to the throne are the entire story.  Fantasy authors too often depend on creating unique twists to the same  tired old formulas that plague this genre. Martin manages to quickly  suspend your disbelief and you find yourself really identifying with these  characters, even the antagonists. I hope he writes another twenty.
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone made me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always be. I also  recommend BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE. Don't forget to  watch the movie!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Critics hated it. Rightfully so. &quot;Artistic&quot; people claimed to &quot;get it&quot;, and I and my mother simply sat there at the end of the movie in the theatre and turned to each other and went, &quot;What? &quot;  There was NOTHING there. For three hours we sat and watched Tom Cruise walk  around.....then walk around, say a couple lines, (actually repeat what  someone else said)....then walk some more....then walk....WALK! I like to  be given something to think about too, but this movie had no substance and  offered nothing to the intellect. Some people say &quot;Oh, Kubrick! What a  genius, he was so misunderstood and his films should be studied!&quot;  BULL. This film was just an ego trip that they all worked on for years of  their lives. And for what? What is this movie? A man walking around a fake  city. It doesn't portray the &quot;deep inner thoughts of the sexual  unconscious....&quot; It portrays aimless filmmaking, and the only reason  it got so much buzz was because it was Kubrick. BIG DEAL. The only film of  his I enjoy is &quot;The Shining&quot;, which I will admit is fantastic.  That's all. The rest I don't care to see, and after viewing this, I  especially don't care to see. I don't care for his pacing, style, etc. In  his films, one person says something, then.....SILENCE.....then a bit of  dialogue.....SILENCE.....SILENCE. Please. This wasn't masterful  storytelling. This was pretention at its peak.
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone made me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always be. I also  recommend BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE. Don't forget to  watch the movie!
B00000BKDX|5.0|In general Iron Maiden do not come accross as good live as they do in studio.  However &quot;Live after Death&quot; is a testiment to the bands raw power live just check out songs like &quot;Aces High&quot;, &quot;The  Trooper&quot;, and &quot;Children of the Damned&quot;.  Anyone buying this  check out the guitar solos on &quot;Powerslave&quot; - simply pure  genius.<br />After &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot; this is probably  Iron Maiden's finest hour and is without doubt the best live album there  is.
B0000042MY|5.0|The movie alone makes me cry, the soundtrack goes beyond that, it stirs the soul. The soundtrack is full of Powerful Emotions. It's a TEN!  If you have never bought a soundtrack like this don't be afraid to try it, you  might be surprised how great it is &amp; will always be. I also recommend  BRAVEHEART &amp; 1492: CONQUEST OF PARADISE. Don't forget to watch the  movie!
B000002JSN|2.0|Rare is the double album that hits the mark, and Physical Graffitti is no exception.  Compared to earlier efforts -- ZOSO and Houses of the Holy in particular -- this offering pales in comparison. <br />I recall my  disappointment as a ninth grader back in 1975, when I was the very first on  my block to get it.  Things began well enough with Custard Pie, but I  remember the nightlong descent from puzzlement to outright disbelief as I  played the discs over and over, searching in vain for that album's version  of Black Dog.  My pals, knowing me for the Zeppelin devotee I was, cornered  me the next morning for my review.  All I could manage was a tepid  &quot;it's not horrible.&quot;  <br />No less than Sir George Martin critiqued  the Beatles' White Album this way:  &quot;I'd rather they'd have done a  single great album, than a passable double album.&quot;  Zeppelin would  have done well to reflect seriously on this observation.  <br />Not only is  this their last listenable work, but what an overwrought and disappointing  note to go out on.
0767827716|5.0|I give Christine 5 stars.It is my favorite movie,will always  be my favorite.The 58 plymouth Fury is almost my favorite classic car ever.john Carpenter could not have chose a better car for the movie.It is hard for me  to put in to words how much i really love this movie.I have a VHS copy,I  will never get tired of watching it.Before it is over i will own a 58 fury  just like christine.That might let you know a little about how much i  really like it.I have always wondered if there will ever be a sequel.I  would really love to see one!       Thank you                       Junior  Herd
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I'm angry that she's not up for any award.  why not?  Macy Gray is...why not her?  Fiona Apple is amazing and really brilliant.  she's got much more talent than some of the other people nomantated.  Well, When the Pawn, is  one of the best CD's that anyone could ever have.        <br />      Though,  for some, but not me, it might take a few listens to to really appreciate  her music.  Example, Limp, Fast as you Can.  Songs though, that will catch  you immediatly are: On the Bound, Get Gone, and Love Ridden.<br />       When  the Pawn is a work of art.             Really!
6300214826|5.0|When i first saw this movie, I was ten years old.  I was pretty clueless to the fact of any real meaning and was frightened by the soundtrack.  It is an experience to watch.  However, one finds a few insipid reviews of the  movie because they choose to define it as a war movie.  It is nothing of  the sort.  It is a more vivid verson of Citizen Kane.  It also contains  many parrallels to Moby Dick. This  movie is simply amazing.  A must for  any movie buff
B000002UVX|5.0|Billy Cox and Buddy Miles provide a solid foundation for Jimi's soaring solos (e.g. Machine Gun). Check out the grooves on &quot;Who Knows&quot; and &quot;Power of Soul&quot;. If you love the B.O.G. also pick up  &quot;Live At The Filmore East&quot;.
0805210393|5.0|Well, those are some bizarre reviews already submitted. This is one the the greatest novels ever written. Beautifully written, with many and varied ideas. Anyone who doesn't like it is just plain odd. I suppose the problem  is trying to explain the book. It isn't about any one thing. It's about  everything. The whole world in a book. (One of maybe 5 books from the 20th  century like that.) If you're not sure, then start with The Metamorphosis,  a perfect work of art, and it's short, too, and easy to read. Fun for the  whole family.
630341964X|4.0|I think this is really a cute movie for families.  I like the contrast that is given between the &quot;villain&quot; and Richie's parents.  After all, their true treasures WERE in that mountain vault, because they valued  their sentimental family memories over material wealth.  I believe that is  a good message to send to kids, but very few Hollywood films portray that.   Richie Rich shows a family who &quot;has everything&quot; with the real  emphasis on the relationship between the family members, especially father  and son.
0140177396|4.0|The story is about two guys who go to a ranch to find jobs.  George is a small guy who is smart.  Lennie is a big guy who is very slow.  Lennie gets in lots of trouble with wanting to pet soft things like mice and velvet.   When they get the job Lennie gets in lots of trouble with other workers at  the ranch.  There is a girl on the ranch, which gets Lennie in lots of  trouble at the end of the story.  I think it is a good book to read.
0060194995|5.0|There's really not much to say. This book is a classic. I've recently started buying books that I know I'll read over and over until I'm dead. This is one of those books. I just read it for the first time and it will  now live on my bookshelf with Catch-22, Skinny Legs and All, Updike's  Rabbit series, and a handful of others.
0553296981|4.0|This book is pretty good after the beginning. It has a slow start and a good story in the middle.
B00002E233|4.0|While this film is not based on the original &quot;Jaws&quot; film, and even tough it might borrow a few dramatic excerpts from it, the thought of enhancing a shark's intelligence to gain materials which will advance the  cause of modern medicine does present us with a new perspective.  While the  movies &quot;Jaws&quot; and &quot;Orca&quot; created their drama using the  involvment of the male and female relationship between these species, and  did so with quite good effect, it seems that the idea of a society of  sharks with superior intellect takes this one step further.  In the movie  &quot;Jaws&quot; and in the movie &quot;Orca&quot; the conflict was very  viable as we came to see the shark and Orca personified.  In &quot;Deep  Blue Sea&quot; the story turns into one of survival of the best of the  species.  And, what most seperates this film from the films of  &quot;Jaws&quot; and &quot;Orca&quot; is that these sharks have an agenda,  an intelligent agenda.  This film starts out and grabs you, takes you in,  and doesn't give you much time to think before it moves into some excellent  action scenes.  The soundtrack is excellent, the acting balanced, and the  direction is well done.  This may never be a classic, but it certainly  hinted of more things than the film makers brought out in their final  presentation.  But, for that, and the possibilities left behind.  I would  have to give it four stars for almost getting there.
B00002E23H|4.0|Is this movie, Jaws. No. Is it a thrill ride that will make you cover your eyes at times? Yes. Does it make you wonder just how dangerous nature can get when humans screw with it. Oh YEAH... This is not a sucessor to Jaws.  It's Mako sharks, which are faster and in this case smarter than the &quot;  intelligent&quot; humans that altered them. The score that Trevor Rabin put  together is wonderfull.Some would call this Jurassic Shark. I call it a  sign that for all the technology we have, we are still not on top of the  food chain. As to those people who argue certain points. DBS will hit one  chord...any human being, no matter the culture has an inate fear of being  eaten alive...Harlin has brought a story to mankind that will get better  with age. oh and by the way, You may want to stand away from the pool... :)
6305750750|5.0|This is a great addition to the saga.  I still don't understand why so many people think that they were betrayed by Lucas. <br />I can only say a couple of negative things about TPM:  1) It does have kind of a weak plot.   But, I think that this movie was only supposed be an introduction to the  primary characters.  I believe all plot-holes will be filled in with the  next movies. 2) George did get a little carried away with his CGI  technology.  Jar Jar became a central character when, actually, he should  have had about 25% less screen time.<br />Barring those two things, it was a  cool flick and a great introduction for the series.  The effects are  mind-numbing to the point where you HAVE to see it more than once so that  you can absorb all the images.  The climactic battle was awesome and puts  the lightsaber battles from the original trilogy to shame.  <br />All in all,  I'd say that it wasn't as good as Star Wars or Empire Strikes Back, but I  liked it alittle better than Return of the Jedi.<br />And to all those who say  that there are racial stereotypes found in some of the aliens:  GET A  LIFE!   Anyone that says that Jar Jar Binks is a representative of an  African-American person is deluded and should get help.
B00000J6AG|1.0|First of all, the rhythms of the album are not even remotely close to being compatible with dancing.  And if any of them are, you wouldn't want to dance to them anyway.  After reading the introduction to my critique,  I'm sure the other 196 people that reviewed this album and gave it 5 stars  are saying &quot;it's not about dancing...it brings out emotions,&quot; and  a whole bunch of other hooey. Okay great...but stick it in another category  like blues or gospel.  This album has no business being the number 1  dance/dj pick whatsoever.  How this album has anything to do with techno is  beyond my understanding, which is probably attributed to the fact that this  album is NOT techno. I wouldn't even call it electronica. It's more of a  fusion between blues and synth sounds in an attempt to reflect how  depressed this person feels. If you're looking for emotional music in the  genre of electronica, I suggest CAFE DEL MAR VOL. 5 or UNDERWORLD, which  fits more in the realm of techno than MOBY does. <br />Don't misinterpret my  words.... I'm not saying this music isn't good.  It's just that this isn't  a dance/dj album...and it may mislead those of us who enjoy genuine techno,  house, and trance. This is just a warning to anyone who finds this album  being promoted in the techno section.<br />I'm sure all of the other people  that reviewed this album, giving it five stars, will mark the &quot;not  helpful&quot; circle on my critique, as they did to the other people who  gave this album a bad review. LOL All I have to say is... this WARNING  isn't for you anyway...you like it...so why should you concern yourself  with my opinion? LOL<br />I'm just looking out for my fellow ravers and  groovin' individuals worldwide....one love, peace!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fincher again proves he is, by far, one of the great new visionaries of film. This movie works in too many ways not to like it. It's an action movie, a love story, a comedy, and a social commentary all at the same  time. Nay sayers be damned, this is a superb film.
0312243022|3.0|I'm baffled that people don't like this book.  I found it a subtle and touching read, filled with moments of being in true Virginia Woolf style.
0486284735|5.0|My 13 year old daughter and I just finished reading this book and LOVED it!  As we read the book, we kept noticing that many of the characters remind us of people we know!  It was funny, and really says a lot for Jane  Austen's insight on human nature.  Her characters are very realistic in my  opinion.<br />We learned from the book that in Jane Austen's time in  England, it was very important to say and do the right things and to be  excruciatingly polite. P&amp;P can be tedious to read until you get used to  the way they talk, but once you do it really makes it even more amusing to  read.<br />I tried to read P&amp;P once before a few years ago, but I only got  about a third of the way through the book.  I just couldn't understand it  well enough.  I would recommend to anyone who was put off by the book to  give it another chance.  See one of the excellent videos first if you don't  understand it, and then come back and literally FEAST on the book, which is  so much better!  I know that reading it has expanded my ability to  appreciate good literature, and I know I will read all of Jane Austen's  novels now.
B00000K19E|5.0|Seven words : &quot;boombastic sound and amazing quality ... phat story ! &quot;<br />Don't miss it !<br />til now I've seen 28 times .... phantastic
0385493800|4.0|John Grisham is one of my favorite authors and in The Testament he has once again written a novel that I could not put down. I especially liked the spiritual searching aspect of this novel by the character Nate. Also  Rachel presented the gospel plain and simple and lived it as well. A true  role model for many of us today. If you are a Christian  as I am you will  appreciate this novel and Grisham's others as well because they are  &quot;clean&quot;. I also appreciate the fact that he spends time building  churches in poorer countries and donates money to missions causes. Wish  there were more authors like him!
0446525537|1.0|I conducted a phone interview with Mr.Sparks some time ago, and he did say that the ending was meant to conclude that Jamie does die. Perhaps it wasnt conveyed to other readers as he meant.<br />I did not like this book...it was  way too shallow. I found it in the pages of my 5th grade sons book orders!  Not for a mature adult.
0553328255|5.0|Back in the 1990s, I discovered the excellent Jeremy Brett filmed episodes of Sherlock Holmes...and that experience led me to the stories themselves.  I then ended up reading all 56 short stories and 4 novels in short order.<br /><br />There's a reason the character of Sherlock Holmes is remembered, some 125 years after his debut!!!<br /><br />As one preface mentioned, Conan Doyle did not know how to write a dull sentence.  Which is a very true statement.  Virtually all of these stories are gripping ones, but even the lesser ones -- mainly the ones Conan Doyle wrote toward the end -- are so atmospheric, that your enjoyment is scarcely lessened.<br /><br />Read these tales!!  You won't be disappointed!!!
B000005IU2|5.0|This 1 MASTERPIECE! To bad it could'nt have been a solid hour of GLORY
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is an intriguing story about a possible futuristic utopian society - a \\"perfect world\\" in which there is no pain, sadness, or discontent. One man in the community, the Giver, receives all the memories  - pleasant and unpleasant - of the entire community. Jonas, a young boy, is  assigned the position of Giver and begins to experience the memories of  thousands other people. Jonas, having experienced life out of the perfect  society, begins to realize the utopia is not as wonderful as it may have  seemed; while the citizens do not experience pain or sadness, they do not  experience color, or music, or any true pleasant feelings. Learning more,  Jonas sees the truth behind the utopian society: people are just slaves to  their ignorance and cannot think for themselves. Jonas decides that the  only way he can free the citizens is to run away from the community,  releasing the memories of the past.
0812550757|5.0|This book is wonderful.  Like the first book, I couldn't put it down, again I stayed up all night reading it.  Card uses the emotions of sadness and loss to really tell a moving and captivating story.  It is really loss  that stands out here.  The loss of Valentine didn't really affect me, this  had already happened in the first book.  However, the other losses really  carried the book.  Novinha's loss of the father figure Pipo and the person  she loved (Libo), Ender's loss of Jane, Miro's loss of Ouanda, all of them  gave this book a strong emotional impact, especially Ender's loss of Jane,  which mirrored his loss of Valentine in the first book.  This book really  had a strong effect on me for several days after i finished it.
B0000024SI|5.0|this album is sheer GENIUS!from beginning to end,nothing but insight and intellect. definitely,one of the greatest works of art of this or any century. it should be in every household. bob dylan,what a man. buy this  album,and you WILL KNOW what poetry and rock and roll really is! makes me  want to go to san francisco,and start a whole new beat generation. this  lyrics hypontize my subconscious.
B00002E233|5.0|I heard about this movie way back in 1998 and I was dying to see it. A year later it was released over here and me and my friends went to see it. It is one of the best Horror/Sci-fi Thrillers I have ever seen. It has  everything you need to keep audiences on the edge of their seats and more.  It has jumps. gore, great acting and the story twists so much you don't  know who is gonna get it next. This is a superb movie that i would  recommend to all!
B00000K2SC|5.0|When the Matrix came into movie theatres country wide last year, millions of people knew they wanted to see it because of its science fiction look which appealed to them. I saw it opening night, and by the end, the whole  crowed was cheering and talking excidely. Of course, critics are not  ecpecially generous to this sort of fantasy movie, so who knew that a year  later it would be up for three oscars including best visual effects? This  movie lives up to its exciting preview, and is, oscar winner or not; a  winner on its own.
6305609691|5.0|If not, -open minds here people!-, this movie is for you!  This is one of those rare and elusive movies that actually makes you re-evaluate how you look at the world.  Everytime I watch this movie, I find myself in a  virtual state of shock.  The best way to sum the film (as uneloquent as it  is) is &quot;whoah.&quot;  <br />What makes Apocalypse Now so special?  It's  lines such as &quot;Do you realize that IF is the middle word in  LIFE,&quot; and the dialogue regarding how the world views obscenity is  rather powerful.  You begin the movie thinking you know what makes someone  either &quot;sane&quot; or &quot;insane.&quot;  You finish the movie with  the realization that you truly have no idea...<br />Definately one of the most  brilliant films ever made.
0812589041|5.0|This book is wonderful.  I couldn't put it down, i stayed up all night reading it.  Card uses the emotions of sadness and loss to really tell a moving and captivating story.  This book really had a strong effect on me  for several days after i finished it.
630463949X|3.0|Although the concert gives you some touching moments, like: Don't Stop, Tusk or Everywhere; the result of it brings mixed emotions. The band plays impecably, though sometimes heartlessly and the choices of the repertoir  are also uneven. Younger audiences would have wanted more songs from Tango  in the Night. Anyhow, Lindsay Buckingham is a treat and you can tell that  Mick Fleetwood is having fun. On the other hand, John &amp; Christie McVie  look like a couple of bored english teachers few minutes before the recess  bell. The sound is a little bit artificial for a live set. This should be a  fans only dvd.
B000000WHX|5.0|Forget the negative comments about this album.  This is one of (if not the) greatest record i own.  This album is full of positive energy and contains some of the most relaxing music to listen to on a lazy sunday  arvo.   peace
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|Born in 1963, I simply cannot remember when the Bee Gees did not give me at least a song to remember my growing years by.  Indeed, this is one DVD that I will cherish and when my kids are old enough and want to know what  was hip for daddy, my answer will be &quot;Look no further, spin the disc  and ENJOY!&quot;
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Not only is the movie one of the comedy classics in what has proven to be a strong decade for the genre, but it has been further enhanced by all the great special features on the DVD version of the filem.  Deleted scenes,  audio commentary by the director and one of the stars, special effects  documentary, pre-production sketches all add up to one terrific DVD.  I  have seen some DVDs that are good movies, but don't have anything new to  add, so why bother with the DVD version.  Ghostbusters is not one of these.   Buy the DVD for the movie, but continue to enjoy it for the special  features that make it a great DVD.
6305127638|5.0|Proving once again that STAR TREK works best when paying homage to Moby-Dick, as in THE WRATH OF KHAN (or, maybe I should include whales of all kinds, since THE VOYAGE HOME was so good), FIRST CONTACT is about as  good as a STAR TREK film can be.  A talented supporting cast, including  James Cromwell and Alfre Woodard, work seamlessly with the television  cast.<br />Cameos from NEXT GENERATION minor characters other TREK actors such  as Dwight Schultz, Patti Yasutake, Kelsey Grammer, and actors from other  Trek series such as Robert Picardo and Ethan Phillips are fun for hard-core  fans but not distracting for everyone else.
B000003AEB|5.0|BIG UP TO SNOOP AND A LOT OF THANX FOR HIM FOR PUTTIN RAP WHERE IT IS TODAY! IF IT WASNT FOR SNOOP B.I.G WOULD NEVA HAD RELEASED HYNOTIZE, NOR WOULD HAVE MARIAH CAREY RELEASE HEARTBREAKA(REMIX), AND YOU KNOW WHAT? THA  TWO SONGS THAT THIS 2 P'PLE BITE  ARE BOTH IN DOGGYSTYLE!     DOGGYSTYLE  IS NOT ARGUABLY THA BEST RAP CD BUT IT IS THA BEST!  DRE PUMPED US WIT  G-FUNKY LAYED OUT BEATS AND SNOOP HYPNOTIZED US WIT HIS SMOOTH FLOW  AND.......... WOW! THA ALBUM BLEW US UP! I BOUGHT THA ALBUM 6 YEARS AGO BUT  FO SHO I BE BLUSTIN IT EVERY NOW AND THEN ESPECIALLY WHEN AM LAID BACK OR  HAVIN A PARTY. I GOTTA SAY THAT SNOOP'S OTHA CD'S HAVENT REACHED  DOGGYSTYLES LEVEL(NO DOUBT) BUT THEY BE TIGHT TOO COZ WHATEVA THAT M.C DOES  GOEZ PLATINUM AND MAKES OUR HEADZ BOUNCE! I WISH HE GETS BACK WIT DRE SO  THAT THEY CAN HIT US WIT ANOTHA CLASSIC BUT TIME WILL TELL.  THERE BE A LOT  OF RAPPAZ TODAY WIT DIFFERENT STYLEZ BUT I SAY SNOOP IS THA BEST APART FROM  PAC(R.I.P) NO LIMIT TOP DOGG AINT THAT BAD AND SO IS EASSYDAZ, BUT NO DOUBT  DOGGYSTYLE REMAINS THA BEST RAP ALBUM OF ALL TIME DOGG, NO MATTA WHERE U  FROM, IT BOUNCED AND STILL IS BOUNCIN FROM COAST TO COAST AND WORLDWIDE!   RAPPAZ LIKE DMX BE HOT TODAY BUT LETS FACE IT, NO ONE CAN AND WILL EVER SEE  DOGGYSTYLE UNLESS SNOOP AND DRE GET BACK TO DO ANOTHA ALBUM!  BELIEVE THAT!
B000003TA4|5.0|OK, I despised the whole 'Kurt=God' thing that followed in the wake of this albums release, and thus I steered well clear of Nirvana altogether.  Until 2 weeks ago.  I was able to listen to it objectively, and I was  frankly astonished.  Astonished it at my stupidity, and astonished at how  great this is.  I'm a fool for ignoring this for as long as I did, but  better late than never, eh?  Every track destroys completely, and even  though Kurt wasn't a great guitarist, it doesn't matter.  This was one of  the albums that proved that songwriting and cool riffs beat technical  virtuosity everytime.  All the songs on this are superb, no question, and  this truly did live up to the hype.  It's a damned shame it inspired so  many dire wannabes and idiotic cultists.  This is a genuine out-and-out  classic.  The praise of the critics is justified.  Even if you don't like  grunge, buy this.  I did, even though my typical days listening is Obituary  and Sepultura.  If you call this rubbish, I hope you are struck deaf by the  gods as punishment, as you really have no concept of what is good.  Also,if  grunge is your bag, check out deceased non-grunge band Fudge Tunnel.  A  band on a similar path, but not grunge.  And they have a good sense of  humour.
B000002GQJ|5.0|I think this is probably the best album by the Moody Blues, although I have only a few of them.  I think that there are no weak songs, and each member wrote or co-wrote least two of the ten songs.  <br />This is also a  great job of remastering.  It sounds much better than the original  CD.<br />The LP originally had the end of a track overlapping with the  beginning of the next track.  Side 1 of the LP ends on a fairly loud note,  and side 2 started with some quite and delicate acoustic guitar notes. The  original CD release overlaped these as well, to stay in the spirit, I  suppose.  However, I didn't like it that way.  The nice guitar part on  track 6 was obscured, and the LP had been designed with a pause between the  sides.  The remastered version restores a few seconds of a pause between  tracks 5 and 6, making it more faithful to the original LP.
6304044836|5.0|I know that if you're reading all these reviews they are an extreme bunch with one stars to five stars.  I love Sabrina. Though one may argue that Harrison Ford is not as charming as they would like, it is because his  character is meant to be businesslike, only showing some semblance of human  frailty at the end.  I fell in love with Sabrina, she convinced me to fall  in love with Paris, and I've watched the show a good fifty times to fall in  love again.
B000002N2Z|5.0|man, the deftones are the best ever! i never get tired of them! they never get old like limp bizkit did. get this: when i come home a little sleepy, i listen to &quot;adrenoline&quot; as i sleep. and oh, man! i had the  wickedest dreams! and if i don't want to sleep, i can listen to the  deftones while i do my work, while i eat, sometimes during class, and any  time i feel like listening to some good talant. it's my life, you guys! and  if you get this album, the deftones will be a part of your lives, too.
0399103422|5.0|Truly a work which cries out for more than five stars. The Godfather is without peer as a story of an American family.<br />Vito Andolini comes to America from the town of Corleone and supports his family in the only way  left open for him.  His sons alternately adore and emulate him; reject and  rebuke him, and cannot live up to his greatness. Inevitably, his world  becomes theirs.<br />It would be a particular treat to those who know the  story only as a movie.  Don't be misled:  the movie, as great as it is  pales in comparison to the book.  This is a book to read and re-read.  Each  time I have gone through it, I find more; additional layers and items to  contemplate.<br />It will make the most boring plane ride pass more quickly,  or make the most beautiful beach in the world more comfortable.  After  dozens of times, it is a most valued travel companion.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I'm not to fond of Live music, however this album actually sounds better than the studio recordings.  Possession is my favorite song and Angel comes in second.  It is a hauntingly beautiful CD. It combines the 'best of' from  several of her CD's.<br />If you liked her other CD's, you'll LOVE this one.
B00003IPFK|5.0|I would like to comment on the review that said the &quot;Fullscreen version&quot; notice on the box meant it was pan &amp; scanned. I think that is a mistake and just another example of sloppiness. Lonesome Dove was  not shown in theaters and was shot for TV, so this is exactly what was on  TV. There is no &quot;widescreen version&quot; to compare it to, and that's  okay, since it is shown in the way it was meant to be seen. <br />This is  really a great movie, and while the entire cast and crew did a great job, I  think you have to single out a few people: Robert Duvall, who gives one of  the greatest performances I've ever seen. Bill Witliff and Larry McMurtry,  who wrote the screenplay and and book gave it all structure and life - the  actors didn't say those great lines off the top of their heads. Basil  Pouledouris, who wrote the memorable and moving score. <br />I do wish they'd  paid a little more attention to the transfer and made the colors and  picture sharper. It looks like a really good VHS version, like the  laserdisc did, when it should be much improved over both of them. It's too  bad that after all the work that went into this, the video company couldn't  have done that one last step and made the DVD look as good as possible.  Still, I wouldn't want to be without this.
6305657947|5.0|I just loved this movie. Everytime I re-see it I know I want Crown's life! It was almost as if Brosnan was saying &quot;Look guys, this is what a real James Bond movie ought to be&quot;. It's difficult not to compare with  &quot;The World is Not Enough&quot; which I rated with a 3 star. <br />Russo  was smouldering, the locations - especially St Martin - fabulous. <br />This  is a must have DVD for any serious collection.
0340738448|4.0|I enjoyed the movie greatly, but it was reading the script which really made me appreciate the sheer genius behind it all.  Kudos to Richard Curtis!  It is amazing how much he manages to get into a scene - everything  WORKS, to tug at the heart strings or strike the funny bone.  <br />The script  reveals a few of the artistic choices that had to be made in the process of  creating the script and the movie; however, this is a very polished end  product - definately a last draft (with a few choice bits of scenes that  did not make the cut at the end) and perfectly co-ordinated with film  stills and photographs, all on luxurious glossy paper.<br />However, it is  amazing how, having watched the film and knowing the charactrers, it is  possible to visualise scenes in your head while reading the script - an  especial plus for the left out scenes.  I am now dying to compare my  imagination with the director's cut, which I have been told might be  available on the DVD version.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This cd is great! And more, Santana worked with Rob Thomas, Lauryn Hill and many others... Smooth is the best song, but there are a lot instrumental... Some people maybe won't like them, but THAT is Santana (do  you know Samba pa ti?)... and that's the real music... And if you said he  has to give up 'cos he's old, man, you don't understand anything about  music!
6303979882|5.0|I really like this Film ! The children actresses Including (Christina Ricci) pull it off really well.Maybe this is a rip off of stand by me but it dosn't matter because it is such a great film.There are small  appearances by Brendon Fraiser and also a very young Devon Sawa. In my  opinion it is one of those films which you can watch over and over again. I  do this an d become obsevvive about curtain parts E.g Where Reberta  (Christina Ricci) starts a fight with a boy who says she cant play  baseball.The sound tack is also gret and it sets the mood of the film with  all the classic 60's hits. Overall I love this film and maybe it is one  more for the girls but definatly a must see.
B000000WA4|2.0|I'll be the first to call Billy a genius, and Siamese Dream will always haunt me, but this is just a bit much.  Let me break it down for you:<br /> There are only 5 essential songs on here:   Tonight, Tonight -- Zero --  BWBW -- 33 -- 1979.<br /> There are several &quot;second string&quot; songs  throughout that are noteworthy, the first three being standouts among them:   Here is no why -- Where boys fear to tread -- Thru the eyes of ruby --  MCIS -- Porcelina -- Take Me Down -- X.Y.U.<br /> These next ones are barely  marginal in quality, but have the tiniest amount of value:  Jellybelly --  F.U. (an ode to no one) -- love -- galapagos -- muzzle -- beautiful -- by  starlight.<br /> All of the other tracks on these two discs are complete  garbage, and Billy should be ashamed:  To forgive -- cupid de locke --  bodies -- in the arms of sleep -- tales of a scorched earth -- stumbleine  -- we only come out at night -- lily -- farewell and goodnight.<br /> ...and  so that's it.  I would never dream of getting rid of Siamese Dream or Gish,  but this one is heading toward Ebay, so I can get some cash to get their  1999 promo, which has the &quot;essential&quot; songs on MCIS, plus  &quot;Landslide&quot; and &quot;Drown&quot; and &quot;Mayonaisse  (acoustic)&quot;.  Unless you are truly a Billy Phreak, don't bother with  this one ...
0316234753|5.0|Having had this book as a child, my mother pulled it out for my children.  My son has had a wonderful time creating some of the drawings, especially when we discovered some of my childhood &quot;masterpieces&quot; still  stuck between the pages.  My son is supprised that &quot;dad&quot; ever did  such things.
0800196155|5.0|Beautiful movie, I can watch this one over and over. It moves me to tears each time. Full of emotion. It will touch your heart. Beautiful scenery and music! This one is worth buying. A good wholesome family movie.
0790729628|5.0|If you have a brain and you can use it, you'll prefer the director's cut than the old one. This version doesn't try to give you redundant information or a happy end. The new great end shows that all that we are,  all that we think, all our fantasies and deeper feelings could be unreal, a  ghost in our minds.  A happy end isn't always necessary. If you want to see  Hamlet and Ophelia running away from Elsinore to New Jersey to live happy  forever, OK... but... let me enjoy the Shakespeare's cut...
B0000025DT|5.0|I wrote a great review a few weeks ago that never got posted (maybe it was too long), so hear it goes again, but shorter.<br />I have an extremely wide range of tastes in music, from punk rock and heavy metal, to folk, jazz and  the blues.  I am also a big fan of straight-up pop and pop rock.  My cd  collection is enormous, and this cd is easily one of the best pop rock  albums I own, or have ever heard.  It has so many fantastic songs on it,  that it nearly acts as a greatest hits.  If you love the Beatles, Elton  John etc., you have got to treat yourself to this cd!  Thank you Jeff  Lynne!
B000002AVF|5.0|what can i say? are there really n e words to say about her?  shes to perfect to put in words. This album by far is her best and most touching.  My favorite song lyricly is &quot;Lookin In&quot; b.c i can totally relate  to it. But not to over look the other great songs &quot;always be my  baby&quot;, &quot;one sweet day&quot;, &quot;when i saw you&quot;  &quot;underneath the stars&quot;, &quot;Open arms&quot; etc. all my life  ive wanted to be like Mariah...i deffinitely reccomend this album.  Even if  you dont like Mariah theres no arguing that she is the most talented singer  out there who actually sings live instead of lipsyncing.  This is a  deffinite keeper! Mariah if you ever read this I Love You and Thanx for all  your songs they help me through the tough times and the good times..thanx  for inspiring me to love myself and find the  &quot;hero&quot; inside.  &lt;3 YA!
0553213105|3.0|I found this book to be a great one of the many that I have every read. It is now within my memory, and I will most definetly read again. It may be long, but it is definetly worth it. I love the way that Lizzy thinks and  acts. Throughout the book you are triggered into seeing if Mr. Darcy and  Elizabeth are ever gonna get hooked up. The thought of Jane always being  there for her sister is also a very good necessityof the book. It shows how  decent people can actually be and the relationship that 2 sisters can often  have. I encourage you to read it and find out how good a book it is for  yourself!
630438551X|5.0|I've seen many versions of Romeo and Juliet and it was wonderful to see a version where the actors didn't have an english accent!  Some people may not have liked it but I thought it was a refreshing change.  I feel  everyone gave an excellent performance and it's a version I'll want to  watch many times over.  Could the people responsible for making this  version (or anyone else) make movies of other Shakespeare's work with  American actors, please?  Thanks a million!
6300214354|5.0|This is one of the first comedies I can remember ever watching at the tender age of six, and although most of the jokes flew directly over my head, I still cracked up, and have done with every subsequent watching.  Now that I've gotten older, I can appreciate the more obscure jokes, and  that's really at the heart of this movie, and others made by the  Abrahams/Zucker team: although &quot;Top Secret&quot; appears low-brow on  the surface, the humor really depends on the viewer being at least  moderately educated.  There's just enough goofiness, though, that even  six-year-old sprouts can watch and laugh.  (Just pick your words carefully  if you get roped into explaining exactly what's happening in that cow  suit.)  Bear in mind, though, that there are some pretty crude jokes in  this movie, so if you're particularly faint of heart, be aware of what  you're getting yourself into.
0783226063|4.0|Dune is an all around good movie with a detailed plot and good acting. The problem I've been running into is that I can't find the full length version.
B000002KBH|5.0|This was by far the album that conformed me to a deadhead. I'm only 16, and It's just too bad that I'll never be able to see the entire band put on one of their magical shows. Anyway, I actually don't enjoy the song  &quot;Ripple&quot; nearly as much as &quot;Box of Rain&quot;, or  &quot;Brokedown Palace&quot;. Surely enough, this album changed my life.  Once, I was listening to the whole album while having some &quot;spiritual  fun&quot;, and when the album finally came to the end of the last song  (Tuckin'), the words &quot;What a long strange trip it's been&quot; were  sung right before the song ended. I remember agreeing with those noble  words and grinning.
630562285X|1.0|this movie is trash the best scene in it is the one where Catherine Zeta Jones is training for the lasers
B000002H1U|4.0|Another installment in the Cars saga, and as enjoyable as the rest.  This album seems a bit slicker than the rest of their oeuvre, which at least paid off commercially.  A few songs (as always) suffer from clumsly lyrics  (I'm thinking &quot;I Refuse&quot;), but it's still an entertaining run  start to finish.  My favorites include &quot;Hello Again&quot;, &quot;Why  Can't I Have You&quot; and &quot;Drive&quot;, with the title track making  an intriguing finale.
0440219078|5.0|I thought that the giver was a very good book, it was very suspensful and I really got in to it.  Some people may not like this book if you don't like sci-fi or if you are not a &quot;in depth&quot; reader.  I loved it  but the ending was a little confusing but a side from the begining I had to  keep reading it was like a big magnet pulling me in and I'm only 13.  Your  parents might like this book, mine did.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side Of The Moon: music beautiful and wonderfu
B00000J7S8|5.0|I have a week old year 2000 Mercedes-Benz ML320 equipped with a Bose sound system.  Diana's CD was one of the first CDs I played and she sounds magnificient as if she came with the Benz.  Though not her original  compositions, her style, voice, and quality recording (as if she was just  there) give these classic songs new life.  I'm not that old but while  growing up constantly heard my mom hum these ala &quot;Ella&quot; tunes so  have come to appreciate them.  It's relaxing, especially after a long work  day.  Thank you Diana.
0808541889|5.0|Roald Dahl, one of the most superb authors of children's literature, has created yet another funny and imaginative story.  In this tale, Mr. Fox must save his family from starving when farmers Boggis, Bunce and Bean  determine to hold seige over his home.  From Boggis's Chicken House Number  One to the Fox family layer, Dahl takes us on a fantastic journey of  creation and delight, leaving the reader with a satisfied feeling one  rarely gets.
B000023VR6|5.0|What can i say, i love this cd, the beats are great, the delivery is solid. But the best part is the humor, if your'e like me, you don't take rap too seriously since there hasn't been an orginal rap lyric since the  mid 80's. The best tracks are education, explosive, still  d.r.e. But in  fact this whole album is packed with great tracks. Find somebody with this  album and get a cd burner.
B000002U88|5.0|This album is fine!  Bob Seger rocks!  On songs like &quot;Shame On the Moon&quot;, are some of the best music i have heard in so long!  Bob Seger seems to always been a great American rock God!  Totally underrated!  If  you don't have this album-do pick it up!   You won't be dissappointed.
B00000ILDF|1.0|After the tense thriller of Alien and the stroke-inducing terror of Aliens, Number Three totally bummed me out! It was like following up the world's two scariest rollercoasters with a ride on the ghost train  featuring an old guy in a sheet yelling, &quot;Boo.&quot; I didn't care  about any of the characters, least of all Ripley, the dingy sets didn't  make me scared, it just made me want to wash, and although the final  set-piece was impressive, I was thorougly bored throughout. Resurrection  restored my faith in the franchise a little, but I just couldn't get the  bad taste outta my mouth.
B00000295A|5.0|Forget their screaming chart toppers, this is by far the best album they made. The album flows , and has complimented many a lazy summer's afternoon for me. timeless.
0140177396|4.0|The book Of mice and Men was a good book.  It keeps you wanting to know more the whole way through. The characters are described very well, but the two main characters are opposite.  One, named Lennie, is big tall and  stupid, he acts like a five-year-old as they put it in the book.  The other  one, George, is short and kind of smart compared to Lennie.  Unlike most of  the other ranch hands the two are traveling together from ranch to ranch,  and even more than others are because Lennie is always getting into  trouble.  Lennie loves soft things, which gets him into a lot of trouble.   At this last ranch they think they will finally fulfill their dream and  earn enough money to buy a piece of land, Lennie gets into the biggest mess  of all.
0440234743|3.0|I read some of the not-so-favorable reviews and although I had already started reading this book I continued on. I'm glad I did. Definitly different than the other Grisham books I've read, which I found refreshing.  I liked that it was not predictable as other writers tend to get. Nice  change of pace!
6305079811|5.0|This is one of the greatest early 80's flicks of all time.  A real comic book fantasy come to life on the big screen.  It's is filled with wonderful performances, from the energetic Sam J. Jones as Flash, the beautiful  Melody Anderson as a very convincing Dale Arden, the young Timolthy Dalton  (one of the James Bonds) as the Baron, and the unforgettable Max Von Sydow  as the pure evil Ming  the Merciless.  The special effects, even in this  day of computer animation, still blow me away.  There is a wonderful score  by Queen which keeps the movie in full motion.  This movie is from my youth  and my friends and I always seem to come up with some great quotes from  this movie. &quot;Klytus, I'm bored.  What play thing can you offer me  today?&quot;  &quot;Prepare her for our pleasure! &quot;  One quick  question: Why on earth did they pick Flash to be the quarterback of the NEW  YORK JETS?
0688170528|5.0|This was one of the best books that I have ever read. The content moved me in ways that few books do. Jodi Picoult captured the very heart of traditional childhood friendship that turned into love. Chris Harte was  someone to admire, Melanie Gold was someone to loathe and Michael Gold is  someone to love. Gus Harte is the picture perfect mom and James Harte is  someone to be hated. Emily Gold is someone to love throughout time,  although I think she should have told someone what happened to her in the  restroom at McDonald's.  Flawless characters. Flawless storywriting.  Picoult is my heroine.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Though it is great to hear some new material from the Metallicatz, I was really dissapointed with the cuts as a whole.  James is losing the luster in his voice and is turning to melodic riffs to compliment his weakening  voice.  One was an excellent arrangement as well as Bleeding Me.  I was  suprised that Metallica still had a powerful epic writing capability as  evidenced in No Leaf Clover.  For the hardcore fan from the 80's, don't  waste your time, you are only going to be dissapointed.  The catz have  gotten old and it is time to appreciate Metallica for who they WERE.  For  the newcommers to Metallica Fandome, this is a great starter, but don't do  the previous works the injustice of judging them by their symphonic  arrangements.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This proved, beyond a doubt, that Kubrick was one of the last great auteurs, the likes of which we will never see again.  I agree with the previous comments that you will either love it or hate it, depending on if  you understand it.<br />As for the full-screen format goes, few people know  but Kubrick actually hated the idea of &quot;widescreen&quot; format, and  pretty much demanded that none of his films be released widescreen.  As  much as I repect Kubrick as a filmmaker, let's all hope the studio  overrides his wish and someday releases this in widescreen.<br />To the great  perfectionist and masterful auteur: we will all miss your stunning eye and  phenomenal grace -- the world has lost an artist.
B000031XCR|4.0|I honestly believe she is worthy of five stars.  But, before I tell you why, I have something to say about Celine Dion.  It's not that her voice isn't beautiful, because it is.  She has perfected her voice over the  years, and I dont think anyone can argue with that.  It's just that she has  no emotions.  When she sings, I can not identify with her.  Like a machine,  she belts those notes out without searching her soul.  I would be suprised  if someone told me that she could make them shed a tear or impact their  life in a positive way.  I would have to assume that that person has very  machine-like and mediocre qualities and probably suffers from depression.   I would advise to her that she WRITE songs about things that have affected  her.  This might allow her to be considered a real artist and not some kind  of  soundtrack visitor.  Also, has anyone noticed that when she performs,  she wears about 6 inch heels?  She can handle those heels, don't get me  wrong, but it makes her look like she has stilts on!  It throws her entire  body out of proportion.  And she is RAKE THIN!  She loves to show off her  bones in concert and i would honestly say that her hips are no bigger than  the width of her head.  Good luck poppin those babies out, Celine!  I have  no problem with thin girls, I love thin girls, but this almost borders an  eating disorder.  There is something positive i would like to say about  her. I do love those exaggerated expressions.  I have many live  performances of hers back home and love to watch them when i need a good  laugh.  The way she slaps her arm, and the fish face she does, and her  salute, and the clenched fist...  This is why she deserves such a high  rating, and THATS the way it is.
0345423496|4.0|As stated above, this is not the POS that most of the reviewers below have labeled it. Now, I have read all the Odyssey books, and consider myself an expert on the series. And yes, 2001 is the best book in the series, and  yes, the series did go continually downhill, and yes, there are some corny  things in this book, and yes the ending is questionable, and yes, and yes,  it does ignore things said in the previous novels, and yes, there isn't  much character development (it's a SF novel for crying out loud!), but you  know what? It's still a darn good book! Like the rest of the series, there  is some very interesting social commentary in this book, as well as a good  number of &quot;scientific jokes&quot;, unfortunately for some, you have to  &quot;have a brain&quot; to &quot;get&quot; them. Unlike apparently most  people who reviewed this book, I didn't think the series hit at a good  ending point with 2061, this is something of a better ending, though it  could've been bettered also. We couldn't penetrate the monolith with any  substance humans possessed and we can destroy it with a computer virus?  Strange... but yet, it was a better ending than the previous book would've  been. Personally, I think the best ending would've have been for Poole to  join the rest inside the monolith, I never imagined it would be destroyed  (hope I didn't just spoil the book for ya!). However, as I said it's still  a good read, and something that any ACC or SF fan should get without a  doubt.
B000021Y77|4.0|I thought this was a terriffic movie, the techno soundtrack really adds to the cutting edge, urban feel of the movie. I liked the way the movie used a pastiche of animation, abstract film and realism. This movie keeps you on  the edge of your seat throughout, and buying this movie not having seen it  first, I am very happy with the purchase I made, this is one of the best  German movies in years and rates up with Das Boot. If you havent already,  see it now.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|A new dimention to the action-sci-fi movie.  This film combines amazing film techniques with an unusual and philosophical plot. An deserves a lot more than an oscar for them.  The acting may not be the best but the  concept is 'normal' people who are thrown into a different reality, or in  this case a more real reality.
0670824399|5.0|A born genious, Matilda, the smartest girl in the family.  Her courageous moves and outstandingly funny childhood, makes you not want to put this book down. I couldn't believe the way she lived her life and the way she  was treated by her parents. Even though, she knew how to deal with them and  have a blast at the same time. She cracks me up, I couldn't stop laughing  the whole way through the book. Excellent, I'd read it a hundred times!
B000001ESP|5.0|I'm sure every Rush fan has their favorite Rush album. I'm just as sure that many Rush fans would agree that Moving Pictures was the band's most financially successful and popular disc. I think Moving Pictures is one of  Rush's best albums because it was their most cohesive and consist to that  date. Before Moving Pictures most of Rush's albums were tight musically and  lyrically but were missing that spark that came with Moving Pictures. You  can hear it beginning on Permanent Waves, but on Moving Pictures Rush  finally showed everyone why they are one of the greatest progressive rock  bands in history. Arguably, 2112 is a favorite too, but sonically it lacks  the sophistication that Moving Pictures has. I liked many of the albums  that came after Moving Pictures, but still, I think this cd is flawless  even if you don't like Rush. This is one for the rock collector, buy it,  it's worth the money.
B00000255X|4.0|It's 1976, Dylan has just put out his critically acclaimed &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot;  So, what's next for our favorite raspy-voiced balladeer?  &quot;Desire&quot; is what's next. As an album, &quot;Desire&quot; a  little difficult to pin down.  Is it a masterpiece?  Hmmm...well, not  exactly.  A flopper?  Definitively not.  It's certainly got it's moments of  pure genius.  The opening track &quot;Hurricane&quot; is Bob in  storytelling mode, with protest lyrics spewing from his mouth. It tackles  some pretty weighty subjects, racism and social injustice among them.  On  to track 2.  &quot;Isis&quot; is poet Bob.  As Bob, at the beginning of the  live  version on &quot;Biograph&quot;, so eloquently puts it, &quot;This is  a song about marriage...&quot;  Surreal too.  The next song,  &quot;Mozambique&quot;, is unlike anything Bob has ever done.  Lines like  &quot;there's lots of pretty girls in Mozambique...&quot; remind us that  this certainly isn't Highway 61 Re-revisited.  But it's fun.  If Bob Dylan  wants to sing raggae-inspired (?) songs about pretty girls and holidays and  whatnot then, darn it all, he can go right ahead.  Track 4, &quot;One More  Cup of Coffee for the Road&quot; is one of the darker songs on the album.   It's a duet, with Emmylou Harris I think, and it's..ummm....darker.   Whew...anyway, moving right along here.  Good thing I'm not getting paid to  accurately describe the songs on this album.  I think I'm running out of  room so let's speed this up.  Track 5 is called &quot;Oh  sister&quot;...it's another duet.  I was surprised to see that it made the  &quot;Best of Bob Dylan&quot; compilation album.  It just doesn't strike me  as a hit.  It is pretty good though.  &quot;Joey&quot; is a song about a  gangster.  It stinks.  I'd rather watch &quot;The Godfather&quot;, but  thanks anyway Bob.  &quot;Romance in Durango&quot; is a little like  &quot;Mozambique.&quot;  No, actually, I guess it really isn't.  It has the  cool violin in it though.  &quot;Black Diamond Bay&quot; has some cool  poetic lyrics in it.  Bob hasn't gone all soft on us, he's still a hipster  through and through.  The last song &quot;Sara&quot; is a love song to his  wife (which strikes me as odd because, as I understand it, they were  divorced at this point).  In any case, it is a beautiful song.  One of my  favorite Bob songs.   &quot;Desire&quot; has it's great moments, which  makes it a hard album to nail down.  Ah heck, it's a great album.<br />But I  don't think I've worked up the courage to listen to &quot;Joey&quot; all  the way through yet...ah well, the rest is well worth your time.
B00001NFCY|5.0|To all those fans that think CREED is PJ reborn you will be highly disappointed cause CREED is  not Pearl Jam and never will be.  CREED has a sound all it's own and it show's through with a passion in songs like  &quot;Say I&quot; which is my second favorite song only to the single  &quot;My Own Prison&quot;. If you like an album to touch you and inspire  you then you will love this album.  If you love to sing along with an  album, I know I do, then this is a must have. I bought Human Clay 8 hours  after it hit the shelves and listen to it at least once a day. If you  haven't ever heard of CREED, then shame on you, but you can preview them at  creednet.com/  CREED even inspired me to write a song for them.  CREED will  be my favorite group until the day I am dead and buried.
630575067X|5.0|Okay, sure...alot of people and critics are saying that the movie was not all that it was hyped-up to be.  OF COURSE NOT!   You can't seriously think that a movie that has been hyped for so long can actually make everyone  happy.  If you've seen the other Star Wars movies, try and think of this  while watching this installment:<br />This movie was made to bring up  questions of how some characters had evolved in the other movies from the  beginning.  It was also created to let the viewer in on a little history of  some other characters: in particular Ben Kanobi and Anakin Skywalker/Darth  Vader.  I think it did just that.  When seeing this movie, the best thing  to do, as I did, is to not go into it with any expectations.  Just watch  the movie and enjoy the ride it takes you on.  If it seems to be a little  open-ended, it's supposed to be that way.  That's how you get a  &quot;prequel&quot;.  I am sure that Mr. Lucas knows what he is doing.   He's been doing it alot longer and better than most of us can say.  Just  sit back and enjoy his movies, and I think you will not be disappointed.  I  know I definitely wasn't after The Phantom Menace.
B00001NFCY|5.0|To all those fans that think CREED is PJ reborn you will be highly disappointed cause CREED is  not Pearl Jam and never will be.  CREED has a sound all it's own and it show's through with a passion in songs like  &quot;Say I&quot; which is my second favorite song only to the single  &quot;My Own Prison&quot;. If you like an album to touch you and inspire  you then you will love this album.  If you love to sing along with an  album, I know I do, then this is a must have. I bought Human Clay 8 hours  after it hit the shelves and listen to it at least once a day. If you  haven't ever heard of CREED, then shame on you, but you can preview them at  creednet.com/  CREED even inspired me to write a song for them.  CREED will  be my favorite group until the day I am dead and buried.
0385486804|5.0|Interesting read.  Reminded me of Kerouac, and other books.  After reading this story I cut up my credit cards.  Chris lived a &quot;free&quot; life.  I wanted to jump in his shoes while reading the book, and realized that I  couldn't live and travel like he did.  I just can't tough it that much.  I  do think that Chris was looking to hard to get to something, that may have  never existed.  There were likely underlying causes to his strive to get so  close to nature.  He didn't prepare himself well at all for his trip to  Alaska.  He was an individual, and in today's society, individuals are hard  to find.  Kudos to McCandless.
0553296981|5.0|I thought this book was great, the first paragraph caught my attention deeply.  I couldn't put the book down, it was so interesting and I was always wondering what kind of unknown situation would happen next.  As I  read the book I found myself always trying to put me in Anne Franks  shoes... I couldn't imagine such a horrible situation they were in the  &quot;Secret Annex&quot;.  Overall the book was unbeliveably excellent.
0553275976|5.0|Wolfe tells a great story, keeps it moving, and fills it with wonderfully cunning and deceitful characters.
078322799X|4.0|...why are the extra features so limited? All we DVD owners get is the trailer, production notes, and cast &amp; crew bios. Laserdisc owners, on the other hand, can get a hold of the collector's edition disc with 4 1/2  HOURS of behind-the-scenes material, as well as Peter Jackson commentary.    I'm not dissatisfied with the current DVD, as it has a terrific picture and  amazing 5.1 Surround, but if Universal simply keeps the current transfer  and slaps the laserdisc extras on to a dual-layer (or if need be, dual  disc) edition, I'll happily fork over however much money they want. As for  the film itself, Peter Jackson shows that he is better than anyone else  (even the great Sam Raimi) at blending comedy with horror. And it's great  to see Jeffrey Combs (the closest thing we have to a modern horror icon  along the lines of Vincent Price and Peter Cushing) with such a terrific  role in mainstream entertainment. Bring on &quot;Beyond Re-Animator&quot;!  While I have quite a bit of respect for Roger Ebert, the fact that he gave  this film a one star (!) rating and then later gave &quot;The  Haunting&quot; (NOT the excellent Robert Wise version)three makes me  seriously question his sanity. Sorry, but I can't let a critic off the hook  who groups this and &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; in the same league as  &quot;Armageddon&quot;. Between &quot;The Frighteners&quot;, &quot;Stir of  Echoes&quot;, and &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;, we horror fans have truly  been blessed by a trio of great 90's ghost flicks.
6304613199|1.0|You saw all the good stuff in the original. Special effects and preachy environmentalism don't make up for a paper-thin plot and cardboard-cutout heroes and villains.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I hadn't heard of Moby until recently, and I must say, this is excellent work here. I really enjoy the more serious, if not depressing side of this brave artist. The cut titled &quot;Why does my heart feel so bad&quot; is a  beautiful and forgiving tune. It's this darker more serious side of Moby,  that has caught me. &quot;My Weakness&quot; is another that tells us  something more is under the surface of this man.You will hear and feel a  different world through him. No wonder it's a Grammy nominee!  I highly  recommmend you buy this right away if not sooner. Sit back and listen to  Moby's world as it comes to you.
B00003W8NM|4.0|This film is about violence but moreso about aggression, the real culprit.  The film has a lot to say (maybe too much for a film) but it is just as important as anything else going on in this country.  In fact, it may be  our biggest problem and one that is rarely addressed.  Buy this film and  learn and be entertained.
B00003CXBK|5.0|My brother took me to see this movie the day it came out in utah, and ever since I have had a strange obsession about it.  It is beautifully animated and has a truly unique ( and wonderous)storyline.  I dont own a DVD player  but I am resolute about buying one for this.
B00000JG41|5.0|Words cannot describe the genius that is this album.  It is the most brilliant piece of work I have ever heard.  Mr. Bungle are some of the most amazing songwriters ever.  They fuse so many different styles of music  together, and do it masterfully.  California is without a doubt the best  album of 1999.  I have seen these guys live 4 times this past year, and it  is even more amazing to see these songs performed live.  Everyone should  have this cd in their collection.
0399143904|3.0|The book of Rainbow 6, I do admit, is one of Clancy's best. It is very action packed and always gives gory details. It is perfect for kids. Did I say kids? I meant adults. The book has a whole lot of swearing and a little bit of sex. Like I said this book is very action packed but, it does have  some boring parts, like after terriost incidents. Usally you'll have to  wait 'bout 150 or more pages of tiny , tiny print. I hope you know I foond  my self to little for this book , so don't make a mistake of buying this  book for your little ones.
0671578278|5.0|Miles VorKosigan has always been one of my favorite reads, starting with The Warrior's Apprentice and continuing on to A Civil Campaign.  I even made the effort to read all the other works by Lois McMaster Bujold and  finally think I understand her time line.  The last two Miles books have  been fantastic.  I hope Ms. Bujold continues with the maturing of this  wonderful character and his family, friends, and enemies.
6302206294|3.0|Kevin Costner is a fine actor but he should've never played Robin Hood. For starters he doesn't have an English Accent. It takes place in England not America! Also he put no real feeling behind the character of Robin  Hood. Robin Hood's motivation is trying to avenge his father's death. And  he does this by leading a bunch of Englishmen who lost their pride. How  convient for him as he entered Sherwood Forest. Also there's no  aspect of  time. How long did the Sherif and Robin Hood battle? Was it months, years,  days?       Also what's the story with the moor, cut that character out  completely, Morgan Freeman is also a great actor and did a fine job as the  moor. But the character was not needed for this film. Also on a historical  view, The Chinese invented gunpowder! I like Alan Rickman as the Sherif, he  really brought the character to a new level of being really evil and witty.  Also, get rid of the Witch Character, I would've been fine without her.    Anyway the movie was entertaining but I wouldn't buy it unless I saw it at  a great value.
B000002UAX|5.0|It's a great album, recorded after the India retreat, when the band began to fragment into four individual talents.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is dirt cheap there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B00003CXAY|5.0|VOTE for this film to be released on DVD.  Koyaanisqatsi is the most meaningful film ever produced... yet not ONE word is spoken during the entire picture.  Mark this one up there with &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; and &quot;The Bicycle Thief.&quot;   A masterpiece full of symbolism,  INCREDIBLE cinematography and a beautiful score by Philip Glass.   Koyaanisqatsi is not just a great film to be studied... it is the meaning  of life.
B000002P86|5.0|It seems like we're bombarded with tribute CD's, doesn't it?  This one is special because BB King jams with many greats and he sings with the same grit as he did on the original songs (and can still play a mean gutar!).   Van Morrison sings the opening track.  It's great to hear Tracey Chapman  sing soulfully with BB on his biggest hit &quot;The Thrill Is Gone&quot;.   &quot;Payin' the Cost to be the Boss&quot; is awesome with the Stones- my  favorite here!  He also does a fine job with David Gilmour and Paul Carrack  on &quot;Cryin' Won't Help You&quot;.  Other guests include Bonnie Raitt  and Joe Cocker.  It closes with himself and Willie Nelson trading licks  (Willie's laid back country and BB's lamenting Lucille).
0140042520|4.0|Anyone who has any respect for nature, the Dharma, life, or philosophy will gain from this book. Kerouac always has a way of drawing a reader in and putting you in his place. It's a beautiful and eye-opening book.
B0000042H4|5.0|This is still the best Ring.  Hotter's Wotan has unmatched humanity and grippingly tragic depth.  It's even better than his earlier portrayals.  He communicates wisdom and despair in seeing his life coming to an end in what  he wrongly believes to be failure.  As is said, Nilsson is a force of  nature, gripping in her soft passages and incandescent in full voice.   Stolze's Mime goes beyond typical into revealing a streak of pure evil.   Solti and the orchestra call me back again and again to the orchestral  passages, especially in Siegfried Act III and all the orchestration of  Gotterdammerung. Neidlinger (Alberich), Svanholm (Loge), Frick (Hunding,  Hagen), London (Rheingold's Wotan), Flagstadt (Rheingold's Fricka), Crespin  (Sieglinde), Fischer-Dieskau (Gunther):  all are peak performances.  King  is my favorite Siegmund of all, mournful and brave and lovely to hear.   Windgassen is a fine Siegfried, a beautiful sound and great musicianship.   And unexpected gems: the fantastic terrified dwarves of Rheingold, the  brute nature of Hagen's horn, Bohm's Fafner, non-&quot;musical&quot; sounds  that Wagner specified and planned in his score but are elsewhere made  &quot;musical&quot; and lessened in their effect.  Truly a great work.
B00002Z88D|5.0|There is no denying, this CD kicks serious booty. If you don't take my word for it, just ask the millions of srceaming fans going crazy with enthusiasum. Screams of terror and torement? Hello no! Screams of going  wild and having a blast? Hell yeah! Metallica is the first TRUE metal band.  I'll explain: Sure there was Kiss, but the guitar licks weren't that heavy  and neither were the lyrics. All the &quot;metal bands&quot; that came out  in the 80's (except Metallica) like Poison, or something like that were all  about spandex and love and/or sex. Their music, too, really wasn't that  hard either. But Metallica's music was HARD and slammin' and the lyrics  were gothy and were the kind that could really scare the hell out of you if  you thought about what they might have meant. The music was so pure and  clear, you could actually picture what was going on in your head. You could  feel the pain and see the terror of Metallica! This was just the beginning.  Add the symphanie and the movie in your mind predouces a creepier, darker  sequal in color. The symphanie, strings especially, give a mysterious  outlook on your nightmares. Just when thought your dreams were pleasent,  the sandman enters and unleashes the wolf in thyself. It amazes me that  even through parenthood, burns, marriage, and the death of Cliff, Metallica  failed to seperate. And when you wanted them, you got them; when you wanted  more, they gave you more! It's so cool how they can write REALLY long songs  (I'm talking 7 to 9 minutes long here!) and still keep the listener  interested in the song. They truely are the masters. Obey your master.<br />I  love all the songs, but &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, &quot;Of Wolf and  Man&quot;, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;,  &quot;Fuel&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; are the ones that  stand out the most. This CD is filled with great songs, old and new. Clutch  your pillow tight and listen to this untill it sleeps.
630575067X|5.0|I rate this the weakest of the 4, but that's like picking among4 fine diamonds, 1 has to be the least among them, it doesn't make itbad.  The characters weren't quite as touching as in the original trilogy, but whose to say they won't grow to be so, over time, I believe they can.  Our way of looking at Star Wars changes over time, when I was younger, I hated The Empire Strikes Back, because the good guys lost, but now, I find it to be the strongest of the series. <br />The fight choreography surpasses the first 3 by miles.  It can be a bit childish in its humor, but it is meant for all generations. Jar-Jar was a pain, but you know what, when I watch the old ones, I get almost the same feeling about C3PO, he bugs the heck out of me, not to mention those darned Ewoks, at times they can be touching, but at other times they were just childish. I think we've just reached a point where the first 3 are so revered that there's no way TPM was going to live up to it initially, but I believe over time, it will find its place among the others, as a fitting preface to the struggles in the next 2 episodes.
B000001ZSF|5.0|I've been listening to Jarre for years, and &quot;Crono&quot; is his best effort since the &quot;Equinox&quot; and &quot;Oxygene&quot; albums.  &quot;Crono 4&quot; is a blast to drive to, well, that is unless you drive  a Pacer.  For those just becoming familiar with Jarre, this is a good  begining, but I would recommend Equinox or Oxygene as the history lesson.
630575067X|5.0|Sure, there are naysayers.  There always will be.  Let's all keep in mind that Star Wars was panned by critics when it first arrived as well though.  I will agree, I rate this the weakest of the 4, but that's like picking  among 4 fine diamonds, 1 has to be the least among them, it doesn't make it  bad.  The characters weren't quite as touching as in the original trilogy,  but whose to say they won't grow to be so, over time, I believe they can.   Our way of looking at Star Wars changes over time, when I was younger, I  hated The Empire Strikes Back, because the good guys lost, but now, I find  it to be the strongest of the series.  <br />The fight choreography surpasses  the first 3 by miles.  It can be a bit childish in its humor, but it is  meant for all generations.  Jar-Jar was a pain, but you know what, when I  watch the old ones, I get almost the same feeling about C3PO, he bugs the  hell out of me, not to mention those darned Ewoks, at times they can be  touching, like when the one gets killed by a blast and the other one tries  to help him up, finds him dead, and makes this sad mewing sound, but at  other times they were just childish. I think we've just reached a point  where the first 3 are so revered that there's no way TPM was going to live  up to it initially, but I believe over time, it will find its place among  the others, as a fitting preface to the struggles in the next 2 episodes.
B0000062Y2|5.0|I had never seen the movie or heard the songs before I bought this JC Superstar CD, but I have been a long-time fan of Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber. I have to say this is, in my opinion, his greatest masterpiece. The story is  a little hard to follow if you haven't read up on the New Testament or seen  the movie, but after listening to the CD for awhile, it all falls into  place. Some people say Ted Neeley is a wimpy Jesus, but you have to give  him some credit for hitting those high notes! Mary Magdelene has a very  sweet, pure voice,  and Judas is absolutely PHENOMENAL! He has unbelievable  talents. Some of the best numbers are &quot;Heaven On Their Minds&quot;,  &quot;I Don't Know How To Love Him&quot;, &quot;The Last Supper&quot;,  &quot;King Herod's Song&quot;, &quot;Could We Start Again Please?&quot;,  and of course, &quot;Superstar&quot;. I would highly recommend this CD,  especially to anyone who likes Andrew Lloyd Webber's works, because in some  ways it is similar to &quot;Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor  Dreamcoat&quot; and some of the others.
1568491581|3.0|falling in &quot;love&quot
B000005JXG|5.0|If you buy only one CD by The Pogues, this is the one.  Shane MacGowan's songs chew nails, but beneath the rage and &quot;what the hell!&quot; attitude there's humor and compassion and a great passion for life (and one  hell of a poetic vision).  Add to that one of the finest gang of musicians  ever assembled and you get a CD that beggars the language for superlatives  -- from the first note to the final chord, there isn't a single bad moment.  This CD ROCKS!
1568491581|3.0|falling in &quot;love&quot
1559409010|5.0|Simply put : if Criterion handles it, it's done right. The LIFE OF BRIAN special features are marvelous ... funny insightful commentaries, priceless deleted scenes and a very nice documentary. A &quot;no brainer&quot;  purchase for Python fans. And for the best service in obtaining it, look no  further than AMAZON.com
1568491581|3.0|A new psychology of love, traditional values and spiritual growt
B00000F14B|5.0|I first saw The Music Man when a local theater put on the production. I was 7 when I saw it and I fell in love. I'm now 14 and can hardly remember anything that happened when I was 7 except seeing this play. Well the movie  is SO much better than the production I saw. I know most of the words by  heart. Especially the songs! A great movie for ALL ages.
B000003N8R|5.0|The great Coltrane quartet had at this stage reached a unity and sensitivity of expression that could almost be likened to a classical string quartet. That is well documented on this beautiful, rather quiet  recording of 1964, just before A Love Supreme. The music is melancholic and  serene, giving little hint that in a matter of months this band would be  heading for outer space at terminal velocity! One of Trane's most  accessible and easily enjoyable records.
B00000F14B|5.0|I first saw The Music Man when a local theater put on the production. I was 7 when I saw it and I fell in love. I'm now 14 and can hardly remember anything that happened when I was 7 except seeing this play. Well the movie  is SO much better than the production I saw. I know most of the words by  heart. Especially the songs! A great movie for ALL ages.
0385484518|5.0|Its sad and cool. Its a book that wen u start readin, u cant stop. It is kind of sad too. It took me two days to read it.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This CD is da BEST! The coolest Limp Bizkit songs are in this. Da best song is Break Stuff, followed by N 2gether now. If you can and want to, buy the non-edited version, because it makes Limp Bizkit sound cooler, but if  you have to buy edited it is still great.
B000035P7X|5.0|I don't consider myself a big Dylan fan, but this film is so wonderfully evocative of this era that it completely transported me back in time.  In the process, it taught me more than I ever knew about who Bob Dylan is and  why is music is so important. I find myself putting it in my computer just  to listen to the soundtrack while I work.  I gave one as a gift to a friend  who is Dylan fan and she has now taken to quoting the dialogue from the  film!
B0000296SI|4.0|This CD is good, but it could be better by making a song like Dammit from Dude Ranch, and taking out Party Song. Otherwise, great.
0385421982|1.0|The writing is so bad, it is painful to read. I gave up after a chapter -- and I was looking for entertainment, not great literature. Read Eric Ambler and forget Grisham.
6304316267|3.0|This surely has to be one of the 80's classics!  Not only for the amazing car scenes, and classic actors but the gag value is priceless, &quot;They weren't fathers, they were ...&quot;! JJ McLure aka Burt Reynolds in his  prime!  I can watch this film over and over, and as for the final out  takes, well you have to buy it for those alone.
B000002H33|5.0|If an album is metallica's best,then it's the heavy metal's best
6304316267|4.0|This surely has to be one of the 80's classics!  Not only for the amazing car scenes, and classic actors but the gag value is priceless, &quot;They weren't fathers, they were ...&quot;! JJ McLure aka Burt Reynolds in his  prime!  I can watch this film over and over, and as for the final out  takes, well you have to buy it for those alone.
0688101364|5.0|This book is designed for people who want to serve up the highest premium quality cookies imaginable. There are many recipes and each one is thorough and very concise. Each recipe offers background information and key points  for the best success. Very helpful apendices that give information about a  variety of tools to make processing of cookies easier along with  professional explanations of ingredients. Many times the novice does not  have an understanding of what specific terms mean and the author spends a  great deal of attention with photos to terms such as the differences  between coarse, medium, and finely chopped nuts displaying many varieties.  I have had excellent results with my expectations being met. I have had  this book for around two months and have produced many cookies, the book  binding seems to be just fine. One additional note is that for a few  recipes a highly accurate candy/deep fry themometer is required. Rose  produces these fantastic thermometers and offers a list of sources where  these can be purchased. Very fragile but extremely accurate.
6301095294|5.0|this movie is great for many reasons, mainly because it's the beatles.  gary just has no taste for the beatles, don't listen to him.
B000002ITG|5.0|Hi there, lEd zEp, what a grp, simply gr8, they dont need no words of praise, but lemme say a few words as its diff on my part to resist myself ;-) their spiritually oriented lyrics, robert's seductive vocals, jimmy's  hypnotic music, bonham's immense drummin, john's such a distinguished beats  u just cant stop urself from feel like being on the 9th cloud. wanna whole  lotta luv;-what a orgasmic piece of music d'yer mak'er:- no matter how  bleaked u r, after listenin to this magnum opus u find this world sooo  beautiful kashmir, no quarter, all of my luv,immigrant song, the battle of  ever more, stairway to heaven,the rain song, the song remain the  same,trampled underfoot,achilles last stand, in the evening, houses of the  holy ALL R SIMPLY GR8 u know what i think, pink floyd's any album is better  than anyother's best of but there is one and only one exception, yUp its  lEd zEp, and lEd zEp is my favourite grp.<br />I LUV U lEd zEp. ~~*kiss*~~
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall has an out of this world voice. Her lastest effort deserves all of the attention it has received and then some. A Must for everyone's  music collection.
B000002ITG|5.0|Hi there, lEd zEp, what a grp, simply gr8, they dont need no words of praise, but lemme say a few words as its diff on my part to resist myself ;-) their spiritually oriented lyrics, robert's seductive vocals, jimmy's  hypnotic music, bonham's immense drummin, john's such a distinguished beats  u just cant stop urself from feel like being on the 9th cloud. wanna whole  lotta luv;-what a orgasmic piece of music d'yer mak'er:- no matter how  bleaked u r, after listenin to this magnum opus u find this world sooo  beautiful kashmir, no quarter, all of my luv,immigrant song, the battle of  ever more, stairway to heaven,the rain song, the song remain the  same,trampled underfoot,achilles last stand, in the evening, houses of the  holy ALL R SIMPLY GR8 u know what i think, pink floyd's any album is better  than anyother's best of but there is one and only one exception, yUp its  lEd zEp, and lEd zEp is my favourite grp.<br />I LUV U lEd zEp.  ~~*kiss*~~<br />if u have ne cRibs or nething u can feel free to e-mail me at  aashishpayal@hotmail.com
6304083769|5.0|This anime is absolutely beautiful. It has a great storyline, beautiful artwork, and silky smooth animation. At the beginning... however I found it a bit hard to follow, but after that it got really really good. This is not  for little kids, because of the nudity and the swearing, but if you're  mature enough to look past that then you've got one great movie to see over  and over again.
0679746048|5.0|Many of us have doubted our sanity at one point or another, especially during adolescence; after reading this book, you may have cause to doubt it again.  Susanna Kaysen's memoir portrays the &quot;parallel universe&quot;  of insanity with alarming precision.<br />Girl, Interrupted is a quick read,  but worth reading more than once.  Kaysen's prose is sophisticated,  straightforward, and honest, with enough figurative language to give the  book a poetic feel.  The book is divided into short, self-contained  chapters, organized in a vaguely (but not perfectly) linear time frame; the  purpose of this is not to show a conventional plot, but to provide a loose  framework for Kaysen's illness and its prognosis.  Its departure from the  confines of traditional stories is refreshing: there isn't the typical  sense of character development or conflict, but that only reinforces the  book's deeper sense of reality.  Besides that, the conflict's still going  on for Kaysen.<br />Rather than trying to teach us a lesson, Kaysen intends to  raise questions about the boundaries of madness, unclear and perpetually  shifting, and about who has the ability to determine these boundaries.  She  accomplishes this covertly, but she certainly accomplishes it.<br />I haven't  seen the recently released movie, but from what I've seen and heard of it,  it doesn't do this book justice.  On the other hand, this review doesn't  even do the book justice.  It's beautifully written, engaging, and  surprisingly relevant to our ordinary &quot;sane&quot; lives.  I  enthusiastically recommend this book and I applaud Kaysen for her literary  contribution.
B000002UWF|5.0|Long before Brian Setzer did &quot;Jump Jive N' Wail,&quot; and David Lee Roth did &quot;Just A Gigolo,&quot; there was Louis Prima.  He is one of the most underated and unappreciated American musicians of the 20th  century!  Just listen to Setzer's and Roth's (but don't waste your money  buying their CD's) versions of those songs, and then listen to Prima's.   Not only did Roth and Setzer literally rip off Prima (because they did  little to embellish on what Prima had already done), but Prima was making  this music 40 years before them! However, this is a testament to Prima's  immense talent because his music is as hip today as it was 40 years ago  when he was one of the greatest shows in Vegas.  Prima was also a gifted  songwriter and trumpet player.  His voice is unique and no one else has a  style like him.  The music on this CD covers Prima in his prime and the  sound qaulity is excellent.  There is a remarkable timelessness to this  album because the recordings sound so spontaneous. This album will kick any  party into high-gear and will always put a smile on your face. If you  really want the real Mcoy when it comes to swing, then Prima's music can't  be beat.  Prima was a pioneer in swing/jazz who's time has come.  He  deserves more than just Gap commercials and soundtracks to movies.  His  place in American music needs to be redefined as one of the greats whose  genius was just as immense as Sir Duke's and Dizzy's. Get this album and  you'll see what I'm talking about and then tell your friends where the real  Swing comes from.
0312867123|5.0|I am shocked and amazed at some of the reviews I have read below! I don't understand how some people are able to question the science used in science FICTION. Is Sawyer's science correct for finding a way to push our  consciousness 20 years into the future?  No, I guess, but it sounds decent  and since it is fiction that works for me.  Why do people get hung up on  stuff that I really doubt they understand anyway?  Probably because it  makes them(and their ego) feel smart. As for Sawyer's style, again I am  confused by people.  I found the characters interesting and I was genuinely  concerned as to what would happen to them.  I think that's all I can ask  for. This book did exactly what a good sci-fi book should do- it made me  WONDER!   Wow, how cool would it be if something like this happened!  And  every time I started to have questions about whether the plot would  unravel, Sawyer answered them for me.  This is a well-thought out and  enjoyable novel, one that shouldn't be missed!
B000002JOH|1.0|My head hurts and my ears are bleeding. All Pantera's frontman does is scream! He's also a little too high on the explicit lyrics level. If you want great metal, look elsewhere. Vulgar Display Of Power is not a good  choice. However, Dimebag Darrell is a very good guitarist, so one star for  him.
0446910201|5.0|I am still searching for this book. I have seen the movie, and I cried at the injustice and how I related to the story. Please republish this book so that everyone will be able to purchase it and read it. I have read  &quot;The Miraculous Journey&quot; and &quot;Lazarus and Hurricane&quot;,  and they only whetted my appetite for the Hurricane's personal  autobiography. I cannot wait to read it whenever it is re-released.
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice &amp; Men<br />This is a story about two guys, Lennie and George.  They are very close friends, and trust each other well.  The story begins at a river near a small pond.  Lennie likes to pet things that are really  soft, because his aunt use to give him mice to pet when he was little.   They get a job on a farm to raise money to get their own piece of land.   But a few days after they get the job all heck breaks lose and Lennie runs  away.  George finds him and the rest you have to read yourself.
B000002J09|1.0|not enough volume and true Zeppelin....This is the Sellout albu
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice &amp; Men<br />This is a story about two guys, Lennie and George.  They are very close friends, and trust each other well.  The story begins at a river near a small pond.  Lennie likes to pet things that are really  soft, because his aunt use to give him mice to pet when he was little.   They get a job on a farm to raise money to get their own piece of land.   But a few days after they get the job all heck breaks lose and Lennie runs  away.  George finds him and the rest you have to read yourself.
0792833260|4.0|I never saw this movie before and rented it on DVD recently. I enjoyed the movie and thought the story and acting were great. The DVD has a nice picture to it and the sound is O.K. The DVD doesn't have any special  features, but the movie is worth renting,
0767809246|3.0|this is a good movie for adults and kids.the one reason i liked it was because it has Corey Feldman who plays teddy so the movie rocked.it could have been better.but why was it called stand by me? and it didnt have  that much music in it,either.but still good
6301647734|5.0|Finally, I found THE &quot;Harvey&quot; film on amazon.com!  I've waited decades for the chance to buy it for my own home....Can't any of you remember sitting in your childhood homes as little kids, watching Jimmy  Stewart talk to a large (invisible) rabbit on your parents' old black &amp;  white TV?  I remember seeing this movie but a few times, yet, each time, it  always served as instant therapy for dissipating any anger toward the  crazier people in my life.  When I was a child, I thought it was funny that  the movie showed a man who was being told to lose his imaginary friend.   As an adolescent, I empathized with knowing what it is like to  live with someone who, I think, lives and worries in a world of their own  making. And as an adult, I realize that one can acknowledge the world of  another, without having to remain there permanently.  If you have ever  suffered through the day-to-day trials of dealing with someone who lives by  a grand set of rules different from your own (generational or cultural  gap?), and if you have ever found yourself stressed from the craziness of  it all, then maybe this wonderful and comical film will ease your  frustration for a while each time you view it.  As I remember this movie,  it is a story that begins with the simple pleasures of courteous greetings,  kindness to others and imaginary friends, then moves to one family's  struggles with sanity,  possible family separation, love and protection.    It has a happy ending and, like the movie &quot;It's a Wonderful  Life&quot;, is a MUST for every family home library!
6301967992|5.0|Well, I'm biased regarding this one ... it simply is my all time favorite (and a traditional X-mas movie for me, believe it or not-must be the winter landscapes). Not just as vampire movies go. Although if Vampires is what  you're into, you'll be more than happy with the delightfully decrepit  Krolocks, most notably Ferdy Mayne as the Count. Costumes and scenery are  masterfully selected, as is the photography. It's a Polanski, after all.  The movie is comedy, but the scary parts are, well, scary, nonetheless. It  is never camp, but always subtle, it will have you chuckling, not slapping  your knees, but not groaning, either. Comical and eerie elements come  together in visually compelling scenery and sets, underscored by a  soundtrack that'll have you sighing &quot;They don't make'em like that  anymore.&quot; You will find much that is unusual in characters you would  expect to be cliche, not to mention the conclusion ... but I'm not telling,  of course. This movie will charm you!
0140177396|5.0|OF MICE AND MEN<br />Of Mice and Men is an interesting story.  Many people think that it is boring just by looking at the title.  But you can't judge a book by its cover.  Of Mice and Men is a different book then any other  book that I have read.  It has many characters with different personalities  that you have never seen. Of Mice and Men is about two guys, Lennie and  George.  Lennie is a big guy but he is not smart.  George is a guy who  travels with Lennie and takes care of him.  When they go to a ranch to find  work many twists take place.  I would recommend this book.  You won't put  it down!
0380973464|5.0|Definitely a great book.  I wouldn't say this is my favorite book of Stephenson's, but it still beats out most other authors' best shots.      For those that have said it's good but too long... how often do you really  want a good book to end?  N.S. needed this much space to fill out the plot  and tie everything up perfectly, so he took it.  Kudos to him and everyone  who has the courage to start on a 918page monster, it's well worth it.       I personally enjoy the scenes dealing with Bobby Shaftoe the most, and  coming from a 20-year-old female Equine Science major that's something ;)   I've also recommended this book to (and gotten good reviews back from) my  computer-game-addicted brother, a friend that's a biker, and my  computer-programmer father who remembers his Navy days more and more fondly  as he ages.  Yeah, an inside to computers, cryptography, or at least  card-based roleplaying games helps ;), but this book appeals to a wide  range of people.
B00002Z88D|2.0|I always thought it would be great to have Metallica Songs played by an orchestra, so I was very excited when I heard of this attempt.  Unfortunately, it just doesn't work.  First of all, it's live, and that's  never a good thing.  Second, Hetfield's voice drowns out the music most of  the time.  Finally, the bass and drums are all but non-existant.  They're  there; they're just so insignificant that the whole sound is altered.  I  still think this can be done right, but it's highly unlikely they would do  it again.  I guess it's my loss.  Perhaps, 1 star would have been more  appropriate?
6305263248|1.0|What a disappointment.  Good cast, choppy, quirky story that wasted two hours of my time.
6302732875|5.0|And be prepared to enter a world of cold economic, professional and personal reality.  The film is about business, life, and the results of the choices we make for ourselves.  It examines the many varying perspectives  of employment so prevalent in our society today.<br />Great acting...  forgetaboutit!  These guys were brilliant.  Losers, winners, yes men, con  men, excuse makers, middle men and perhaps most poignantly sales men.  My  personal favorite has to be Alec Baldwin in what may be considered perhaps  the most compelling 10 minutes on film.  'Third prize is your fired...  oh... do I have your attention now?&quot;  Phenomenal!<br />Plus you get the  feel of reading a great novel while you watch the characters unfold and  take life on every page.<br />NOT TO BE MISSED!
B000001TVD|5.0|THIS is IT, y'all.<br />Tight, tragic, joyous, and definiteleee FONKY!  People say that art is the highest expression of the complexity of human emotion...well here's a seriously prime example.
B000046PVN|5.0|Two of my first movie memories as a child that still stick in my mind are the firt time I saw Superman &amp; the first time I saw Star Wars, both scored by . . . John Williams.Until a few years ago we had a somewhat  edited down soundtrack, then came an enjoyable but different paced  soundtrack put out by the Roal Scottish Orcestera, but alas it was only a  revamped working of the edited soundtrack. But NOW we have the whole thing,  just about as it was heard in the movie, and to boot it has not one not two  not three but four different versions of the main title.For those of you  who like Superman and want to complete their collection, this it it. For  those who want some good orchertral music to listen to, this is it.
B000002KHH|4.0|The first truly awesome heavy metal album ever, Paranoid is from start to finish the greatest thing to ever come from what people today consider to be &quot;classic rock&quot; era, meaning AC/DC, Hendrix, Zeppelin,  Purple..etc. The title track alone makes this worth purchasing but with  songs like War Pigs and Iron Man in there also this is even more of an  amazing album. And after you listen to this go and get Reign in Blood from  Slayer, the greatest album of all time.
B00000J7J4|5.0|In a time of music where the &quot;chart toppers&quot; fill there music with un-inspiring lyrics and short lived tunes, its great to have a true classic over take them all. Santana's Supernatural mixes his legendary  sounds with some new tastes. Now we have all heard &quot;Smooth&quot;  numerous times. A great song...But, the true classics are yet to be heard  on the radio. &quot;El Farol&quot; is full of pure emotion and passion, and  Santana/Everlast's dou song &quot;Turn Your Lights On&quot;, is inspired by  Everlasts near death expierence. Santana never falls short from his  legendary sound on his new album, Supernatural.
0792837614|5.0|There is a lot to ridicule in this movie--the lousy Puerto Rican accents, the wretched casting of the principals, the anachronistic street &quot;toughs&quot; who dance around like ballerinas as they play  basketball...<br />But the music, the dancing, the story, not to mention Rita  Moreno...I have seen this movie at least 15 times, and every time I watch  it I find another reason to love it even more.  This is the best musical  ever.  Period.
B00000JSZV|5.0|I just purchased Pet Sounds on 180 gram vinyl and  sat mesmerized on my sofa as the luscious sounds eminated from my speakers. I don't think you have to be Beach Boys fan to appreciate this record (I certainly was not) I  am however, a new Brian Wilson fan. In my opinion - if you are a lover of  music - you'll be moved by this record.
B000002C1X|5.0|This record established a new standard in musical and technical quality, and a border between the &quot;before&quot; and the &quot;after&quot;. It is excellent under many aspects, and includes some KILLER songs, such as  &quot;Another brick in the wall II&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;,  &quot;Comfortably numb&quot;. Plus many beautiful songs: &quot;Goodbye blue  sky&quot;, &quot;Nobody home&quot;, ... too many to be listed, really. The  experimental mix of music and &quot;live takes&quot;, which started back  with &quot;Alan's psychedelic breakfast&quot; is brought here close to  perfection. Technically, it is a reference, and better than TDSOTM. You  could never say it is 22 years old. The timbre and quality of pianos,  keyboards, guitars make it a true &quot;classic&quot;. In fact, it sounds  better than most albums recorded nowadays.  Is it perfect? No. The  conceptual architecture in which the Pink Floyd &quot;framed&quot; their  music is somewhat weak. The sequence of themes is not always coherent. Some  of the songs are weaker than the rest. The atmosphere is here and there a  little gloomy.  Were it not for these few (very few) weak points this would  be THE music record. As it is, however, it is one of the best albums ever  recorded.
0780619951|1.0|The film is so bad that it's not even worth commenting on
B00000DD1S|5.0|If heavily armed aliens came to Earth and said, &quot;Give us a reason why we should not wipe humans off the face of the planet,&quot; I would play them &quot;Angels&quot; from the first disc of this two disc set, and they  would leave in shame.  It took me a long time to come to a point where I  could appreciate Ayler, but this CD, which is among the finest work he ever  did, helped a lot.  Ayler seemed to believe that every sound that could be  made should be a part of music, and this is why he includes  &quot;noise&quot; in his playing, along with lightspeed solos, blasts of  enormous tonalities, and pure sheets of abstract sound.  His melodic  statements are simple but played with such force and conviction and such  rawness that it demands some sort of reaction from the listener.  You will  either think you are hearing God's own music or the worst sort of devilish  noise; there are no halfway marks with Ayler.<br />This CD set really shows  Albert Ayler at his best,  combining musical ideas to create the  essentially spiritual sound that he heard in his head, a sound that was  meant to inspire his listeners to transcendence.  This is not easy music to  listen to because it violates nearly every rule of not only jazz but music  as it is normally played and heard, but it is terribly, terribly important  to listen to this music.  Why?  Because Albert Ayler's music is one of the  most pure expressions of the human spirit ever recorded.  If you listen to  this, I mean really listen, and not try to use it as background music - if  you give it your full attention, put aside your preconceptions about what  music should or should not be, and open your mind to the sounds on these  two CDs, you will be changed.  And for the better.
1558808000|5.0|I just have to say I think this is the all time best movie I have ever seen. IT has a lesson to learn in it and has inspired me. It's funny and it's just awesome.
B000002AQQ|5.0|After seeing the movie, you know you just have to find the soundtrack.  That was what I thought.  I won this CD at an auction and loved it when I got it.  I must addmit that I think something is missing in this CD, but  what the heck, I love it.  Buy it now!
0792844793|5.0|FINALLY! I'm hoping this is the beginning of a Lynch DVD renaissance, as Eraserhead, The Elephant Man and Wild At Heart are sitting idly by, waiting for the royal treatment they deserve. As for the lack of special features,  Lynch is of the Kubrick variety, he wants his movies to speak for  themselves, so don't expect any commentary on his DVDs.  At least its in  widescreen!  Blue Velvet, along with Raging Bull, is arguably the most  important film of the 80's. It heralded a new artistic peak in American  filmmaking and established independent film as a commercially and  critically viable industry, not to mention one where original, high-risk  stories could be told. Blue Velvet is a very dark and sensual masterpiece.  The fans know what's up. The uninitiated should check this film out.
B00004NRUM|2.0|Many Marillion fans consider this to be among the band's best work, if not THE best, but I cannot understand why.  The CD has a few bright spots, but is mostly bland and lifeless.  I was a Marillion fan until this was  released, although recently I picked up Marillion.com, which is much better  IMO.
B0000013G9|4.0|I fell in love with TLC after hearing the &quot;Unpretty&quot; track from &quot;Fanmail&quot;.  I just recently obtained &quot;CrazySexyCool&quot;, though I had to hunt around a bit for it.<br />The sound of  &quot;CrazySexyCool&quot; is quite different from &quot;Fanmail&quot;,  which has a much faster, futuristic feel to it.  Most of the tracks on the  earlier album are slower, with gently synthesised sounds throughout.   Although I missed the fast moving Fanmail songs, I actually found myself  liking a lot of the CrazySexyCool songs better.  Many of them are quite  powerful, and full of imagery.  &quot;Diggin' on You&quot; is lively, and  uplifting.  &quot;Red Light Special&quot; is beautiful and sensuous, while  &quot;Somethin' Wicked&quot; is darkly moving.<br />And the interlude,  &quot;Sexy&quot; is delightfully stupid.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I first wrote a review on this CD in December of 1999 and since then the following has happened:<br />1.  I Knew I Loved You - spent three weeks at     the #1 spot in the billboard 100 (as I write     this it might still be  there....)<br />2.  The album went Double Platinum in the US.<br />Which just  goes to show that me and 1,999,999 other people share the same opinion  about this magnificent album.<br />For those of you who bought the album, I  thank you for contibuting to its success and for those of you who don't  have it yet (and you know who you are!) - buy this album and join the  crowd! - you won't regret it.<br />This album is a pure joy from beginning to  end.<br />P.S.: Don't forget to check out the new single &quot;Crash And  Burn&quot; (a pick-me-up song if I ever heard one).<br />Stay Savage!  Elaine
6303168507|5.0|this movie is brilliant! speilberg has created a moving, thrilling masterpiece with  this film...the black and white makes it even better ...it is however ,depressing and violent...but maybe it needed to be shown  so graphic to show people just how horrific the holocaust was.neeson is  excellent,as is fiennes. the part with the girl in the red jacket will  really get to you. and to the reviewer named yetlyl or whatever it was u  have no clue what this movie is about ..how can u talk about a true story  such as the holocaust as if it should have been an action movie and  schindler be the indiana jones ..that is a disgrace to the whole movie  project. and speilberg did not direct &quot;field of dreams&quot; ..shows  how much you know.
B000002C1X|5.0|I was introduced to this album one day on the radio.  The local station had decided to play the entire album in honor of it's 20th aniversary. To explain this experience, I must quote Henry Blake from MASH: HO-LY COW! The  album has it all.  This is the album that shows the transition from the  clean cut stuff of the 60's and 70's to the music of today, only with out  the pointless swearing of the rap and heavy metal of today.  I am only 13,  so only one album by Floyd has been released in my time.  But through the  entities we call parents,(suprisingly, they do make some sense once in a  while and do at least know some good music) I have been introduced to great  bands like Pink Floyd, the Beatles, and the B-52's(well, scratch the  B-52's).  This is really more like a book by the whole band, especially  Walter Rogers, about many things that they have met in their lives,  including the loss of fathers to wars, overprotectivity of parents, and  drugs.  I haven't seen the movie yet, but I'm still young.  I just got  &quot;DARK SIDE OF THE MOON&quot; today.  I really like it.  All I need is  a copy of the Wizard of Oz.....
B00003XACV|5.0|Newman has outdone himself this time.  I originally thought his score for &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot; was the best but that was before I saw &quot;American Beauty&quot;.  Right at the beginning of the film when  &quot;Dead Already&quot; plays over those unforgettable images of suburbia,  I knew right then:  Even if this movie sucks (WHICH IT DID NOT) I have to  buy this soundtrack.  As it turns out, I LOVED LOVED LOVED the movie and  bought BOTH soundtracks.  I couldn't help myself.  They both had music I  wanted.  Besides the brilliant &quot;Dead Already&quot;, other tracks are  terrific as well.   &quot;Root Beer&quot;, &quot;Spartanette&quot;,  &quot;American Beauty&quot;, &quot;Mr. Smarty-Man&quot; and the INCREDIBLE  end track &quot;Still Dead&quot;.  &quot;Still Dead&quot; repeats the  opening theme but it's quicker, louder and more frantic.  LOVED IT.  Great  score.  GO OUT AND BUY IT!
B000000HU1|5.0|Gong!You-is an audio mandala of progressive jazz from outer space.An e ticket ride for the ears.If you get this one,get the other 2 albums in the trilogy.This band still tours!Also try the hapy birthday album.Daevid Allen  has amazing playing techniques that float into your head &amp; never go  away.Gillie Smithe bubbles vocally with cosmic quality that is standard in  Gong music.
B0000047CX|5.0|This is the best album ever recorded.  Sound quality is excellent.  The first track &quot;The Girl From Impanema&quot; features solos by guitarist and vocalist Joao Gilberto, vocals by Astrud Gilberto, and saxaphonist Stan  Getz.  All the other tracks are outstanding also.  If you have a good music  system you will not be dissapointed with the more expensive &quot;Original  Master Recording&quot; from Mobile Fidelity Soundlabs, but the remastered  Verve version is also excellent.
0783225970|4.0|As a huge fan of this film (I saw it twice in the theater, and innumerable times since then on tape, CED videodisc, laserdisc, and DVD), I'm disappointed that the DVD is not enhanced for widescreen TVs, and that the  soundtrack is Dolby 2.0.  <br />The supplemental material, including an  hour-long &quot;making of&quot; and several outtakes, is well worth the  purchase price for fans of this film.<br />I can't add much to the numerous  rave reviews here, except that as much as I enjoy this movie, the ending  seems absurd, to put it mildly.  This is definitely not a film for all  viewers; the intense violence, combined with the extremely frequent use of  the &quot;F&quot; word, is realistic, but not entertaining for everyone.   Still, for those who enjoy gangster films, this is mostly first-rate,  featuring a host of scintillating supporting performances to complement the  star turns by Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Steven Bauer.  Giorgio  Moroder's soundtrack is one of the most memorable original scores of the  last 20 years.
630542828X|5.0|Outstanding legal drama, brilliantly acted.  When I left the theater and again when I viewed this on DVD it had me thinking for hours about all of the powerful messages contained in this story.  This true story beautifully  portrays the impact our personal decisions make on our own lives and the  lives of others.  Compelling and powerful.  The transfer to DVD was fine.
0380973464|4.0|An excellent read, Cryptonomicon swings rhythmically between between two WWII characters and two in the present whose narratives cross tangentially: mathematical ubergenius Lawrence Waterhouse, cynical roughneck Bobby  Shaftoe and their grandchildren Randy and America. This engaging structure  echoes the parallel between the archaic codebreaking universe of Enigma  machines and vacuum tubes and modern cryptography and network security.  Note that the book's pace also swings, from adrenaline-pumping to  deliberate and expository; it's not uniformly a page-turner. The depth of  historical detail adds greatly, but the lengthy Cap'n Crunch diatribe and  an equation for Lawrence's libido are superfluous. I also wish the only  prominent woman, Amy Shaftoe, was more developed than being a mere prop in  Randy's story. Overall, the entwined plots make this a rapid read for its  length, worthy of its acclaim (anointed the quintessential cypherpunk epic  of 99/00, though as much by the Luddite press and its own publishers as the  crypto-hacker community).<br />Separately, while I don't blame Stephenson,  Avon's editing was notably shoddy; the book contains typos and errors of  continuity and grammar. A 4096-bit crypto key morphs into a 4069-bit key. A  'T' in a partially decrypted message becomes the third 'R' in &quot;Attack  Pearl Harbor December Seven.&quot; Randy powers his laptop with &quot;a  twelve-bolt adapter.&quot; What are evil publishing conglomerates for, if  not to catch these things? Nonetheless, if you have any question about  whether to pick up this book...
B000000OMB|5.0|I can't believe this is 20 years old! When Asia first came out with this package it really shook up the music world. Every song on this CD can be listened to over and over. It's rare when 4 &quot;superstars&quot; can get  together and produce a sound this good. It's rarer still when they can keep  doing it. Asia didn't. After this album they tried to  &quot;cookie-cut&quot; their songs and they became trite and boring. But  for one sweet summer this was the music that the world was loving. Do  yourself a favor. BUY THIS CD!
630575067X|5.0|This is not only the best Star Wars movie ever, but this masterpiece is the best movie ever to cross the big screen.  Lucas very cleverly re-introduces the characters from the greatest fictional story of all time!  I grew up during the first run of the original trilogy and thought that  Empire Strikes Back was an unbeatable epic, but no movie has ever captured  my attention like the most recent Lucas film. May 2002 can't come soon  enough!
0312243022|4.0|It saddens me to see that people have described this book as being about &quot;lesbians and suicide,&quot; since the scope of this book is so much more.  Cunninham has managed to take three distinctly different women and blend them together seemlessly.  This is not a plot driven book so if  you're looking for something that grabs you and keeps you turning pages so  you find out what happens next, pass on this.  If you're looking for a  beautifully crafted story that deal more with deep emotion, love, loss and  alienation then this book will speak volumes to you.  I found this book  haunting, sad and beautiful at the same time.  Cunningham's gift with words  and phrasing is brilliant.  The book hasn't been critically praised because  it's ground-breaking, it is because of it's depth and it's flow.  Read  this, you wont' be disappointed.
0671042858|5.0|It's rare to come across a book that can actually grip you, personally involve you and change your way of thinking, if only for a time.  This is one of those books.  I also like the fact that the main character is a young girl, for once.
B000001FTD|5.0|This is one of the best 80's thrash metal cd's, bar none. I like it as much, if not more, than Metallica's &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, and that is regarded by many as the ultimate thrash metal cd. The riffs are pure  heaviness at its best, and they stick in your head like those terrible pop  songs, except this is something I dont want out of my head. The rhythm  section is great, and Charlie Benante is the best drummer I have ever  heard, his feet almost flying off the pedals he goes so fast. The singing  is excellent, very Iron Maiden sounding, perfectly complimenting the  heaviness and adding excellent dynamic to the music. If your a thrash/speed  metal fan, this should have been in your cd collection YEARS ago. Get it  now.
B000003S5H|4.0|Like a lot of other people, I dismissed Air initally until I eventually decided to buy the album based on that fact that I could not get &quot;Kelly Watch The Stars&quot; out of my head! Little did I know that I  would totally fall in love with &quot;Moon Safari&quot;. It's one of the  most beautiful things I've ever heard. Perfect for listening to if you need  to &quot;chill out&quot;. I really mean that! This album could be  prescribed as an anti-depressant. Unlike other dance music, Air use real  instruments in their work and it gives the music a soul and personality.  Most importantly though, Air have placed the emphasis on writing gorgeous  melodies, so whether it's an instrumental track, or one of the tracks  sung(beautifully) by Beth Hirsch, it will eventually work it's way into  your head where it stays! My personal favourite on this album is  &quot;Remember&quot;, but other highlights include &quot;La Femme  d'Argent&quot;, &quot;All I Need&quot; and of course, &quot;Kelly Watch The  Stars&quot;. It may not be an &quot;instant&quot; album, but I can pretty  much guarantee satisfaction after a few listens.
0792836510|4.0|I have seen the &quot;The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly&quot; lots of times since I was ten years old and now since i am twelve years old and a half. I thought it was great and exciting. I learned it was rated R or M in the  sixties because it had violence like Alfred Hitchcock's &quot;Psycho&quot;  in 1960, but it had no graphic violence. Today it is not rated R but it is  rated PG-13. Cool or  what!   The part I loved in the movie was where   Tuco Benedicto Pacifico Juan  Maria  Ramirez  a.k.a &quot;The Rat&quot;  [Eli Wallach]  was running in the Sanhill Cemetery  in search of  the  $200,000 , I  also loved the song the  prisoners  of  war sang &quot;The  story of a  solider  &quot;  while Tuco  was getting  tortured  by Wallace  {Mario Brega}  one of Angel Eyes's   thugs in the torture  chamber ,  Also   I  loved the trio showdown  and when Angel Eyes  {Lee Van Cleef,&quot;High  Noon&quot;} the ruthless  killer  and  bounty hunter  got shot in the face  by Blondie the other bounty hunter {Il Buono} , I also loved at the end    when Blondie  shot Tuco in the noose  and Blondie rode away from  the   treacherous  bandit  while  Tuco  was swearing   at Blondie.What  would you  do if  you were trying to  get away from  a treacherous  bandit  like  Tuco!     the part  that  I   almost  fell down to was   when the   sheriff  said that Tuco  did for some other bad crimes was he hurt his wife  and children  and he  sold  off  prostitutes  and  raped  females . I also  almost fell down to was when Tuco  was in the desert while Blondie left all  alone  and Tuco yelled somthing nasty in Spanish  which is not good.
B00000K19E|5.0|I LOVE MY MOVIES AND I CAN HONESTLY SAY I HAVENT WATCHED A MOVIE TWICE IN A ROW SINCE JURASIC PARK. BUT THE MATRIX I HAVE WATCHED 5 TIMES IT IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE SEEN IN A WHILE. IF YOU BUY IT YOU WONT BE  DISAPPOINTED!
0140177396|4.0|I strongly advise everyone to read &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; by John Steinbeck.  This is one of the best books I've ever read.  It has everything from comedy to drama.  This is one of those must-read books.  Here's a little review of the book.  There are two main characters in this  book named Lennie and George.  These two men are best friends who travel  together wherever they go.  The story starts off when Lennie and George  have to run away from their job in a town called Weed.  They travel to a  new job on a ranch where many things happen.  At first the story doesn't  seem too interesting, but you have to read to the end for the very best  part.  And trust me, it's worth it.  I won't give it away, but the ending  will definitely make you quite emotional.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I really loved this movie. Jack is a wonderful<br />actor
B00003CXBK|5.0|Okay, yeah it's kind of early in the year for me to say that... but trust me, nothing America can create will ever compare to Miyazaki.  And you just HAVE to get the DVD simply because of the dual-language feature... the  English version (which I saw in the theater) is great, and the Japanese  version (which I own) is also great, I could never choose one over the  other.  I love anime, but I usually hate dubs--not this one!  The  translation is SO good, very little meaning is lost and the lipsync even  matches!  As for the story... well others have already covered it but I can  say once again that it is DEEPLY moving, this is a story about a young girl  who is fighting for the life of the forest and the old gods, but it manages  to avoid being feminist or environmentalist--both sides of the conflict are  represented, there are no &quot;good guys&quot; or &quot;bad guys&quot;  just a lot of believeable characters with conflicting views.  Also, the  animation is BEAUTIFUL, and (this is essentil) while computers were used,  the actual characters themselves are HAND PAINTED cels (I've seen the cels  in person, don't try to tell me they're not!), many of which were drawn by  Miyazaki himself!  A modern masterpiece in a classic style... a must-have  for just about anyone!
B00000DG1R|5.0|This album is better than Decade for one song that was excluded, &quot;New Moon on Monday&quot;!   Along with the new songs (Come Undone, Ordinary World), you can not get any more Duran Duran other than A) They come out  with more great stuff B) You buy ALL their albums!
B00003CXCT|5.0|what can i say about the geatest movie of all time. george lucas is a genius and star wars is one of his best accomplishments. you never can get tired of the action, adventure, and thrill of the first star wars movie.  who can forget the wit and arrogance of our dear captain solo? or the chill  darth vader sends running down our spines? these characters are relics of  their time and they should never be forgotten. i HIGHLY reccomend that you  purchase this timeless movie to share with generations of old and new. i  know i'm a die hard star wars fan, and deep down, i think we all are. may  the force be with you...... always.
6304109318|5.0|This film happens to be a peculiar favorite of mine primarily because the setting, music, and cinematography set the overall haunting atmosphere of the film. Everything about the atmosphere is overshadowing. The film seems  to mold the setting as an additional character by accenting the actions of  Jekyll, Hyde,and Mary. A particular scene that catches my attention  everytime is when Mary plants the flowers in the backyard, and soon  afterward the vibrant colors of the flowers do no help \\"enliven\\" the space.  This is the main reason for why I enjoyed the film because it demonstrates  how enviornment forshadows the dangerous activities of the Doctor. However,  I do acknowledge there are aspects of the film that are not as strong.There  are parts of the film that both distracte, and fascinate me. <br />The only  weak point for me in watching the film is the lack of control in the Irish  \\"accent\\" from Julia Roberts that filters in and out frequently throughout  the film.    The acting from the cast is good. John Malkovich's performance  was great and as always with a suave seduction that isn't unfamiliar from  his previous works. I was surprised however by Julia Robert's portrayal of  Mary Reilly. I have never seen Roberts play a character that wasn't  \\"glamorous\\" to some degree. Mary Reilly is a strong character that has  survived abuse, and lived out a good life. I feel that Roberts did convey  the sadness and curiosity of the character Mary.  <br />Overall, this film is  an enjoyable film, but not a masterpiece or classic. It is a film that is  filled with dark corridors, shadows, and fog, all of which add to the story  and plight of the principal characters.
B00000JY1X|3.0|There's no doubt that this is a very interesting recording - musically and lyrically.  However, to these ears some songs sound simply wonderful (&quot;Time Enough for Rocking When We're Old&quot; is a timeless classic -  and there are a dozen or so others) many others (the majority) are on the  opposite scale - instantly forgettable.  If the best 23 of these 69 songs  appeared on a single cd, it would be a classic.  But the boxed set is  not.<br />Wayward Bus is still my favourite.
B0000025ZF|3.0|The Pro's and Con's of Hithchiking is more than an album. When you sit down to listen to it, you become curious of what the album is really about, and why. True music makes you feel something and even better music takes  you there, which PACOH does. Roger Waters uses Eric Clapton on guitar  throughout the album and he is complimented by a number of other excellent  musicians in general. This album showed me how much Roger Water's ideas  contributed to the music of Pink Floyd: musically and lyrically. The music  and words connect from beginning to end in this album, creating (in my  mind) a vivid picture of life as a hitchiker. You can feel an almost lost  man searching for something through the musical chords and timely lyrics  that the Pros and Cons contain. This is a great record for all true  Floydians fans and those who see Roger as &quot;the man behind  script&quot;.
B0000028RR|5.0|Great CD! Their best ever! Pick it up, and if you don't like it, then you are a capitalist,a nd you shouldn't be listening to Rage anyway.
B00003IPFK|5.0|Let me begin by saying that Lonesome Dove is one of my favorite movies--and books--of all time, so I may be a bit biased.<br />However, I found the new DVD version to look fine, sound great, and have more features  then I could have possibly expected.  <br />I agree, having a widescreen  edition would be even better.  BUT: Remember, there is no &quot;original  theatrical version&quot; like the reviewer below suggested.  It was MADE  FOR TV, and thus made FOR the Pan-and-Scan format.  The VHS and laserdisc  versions were also pan-and-scan, which makes me wonder if it was even  filmed in widescreen to begin with.  <br />All that aside, Lonesome Dove is  simply a phenomenal movie, and the DVD does great justice to it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I adored the first CD they made, and I absolutely love this second one. The songs are so heart felt and loving, I can't get enough!
0380973464|4.0|Neal - if you read this, get an editor! <br />As in Stephenson's otehr books, this is a marvellous complex soup of thrills, wit, great characters, fascinating research and downright superb writing.<br />Also as in his other  books it ends suddenly, with no sense of closure, leaving lots of loose  ends and a number of major enigmas (what the hell was Andrew Loeb up to?,  Why wasn't Root dead).<br />Still - despite its faults, a memorable book, full  of startling images that does a fantastic job or interweaving 2  timelines.<br />The bit about 'Card-based role-playing games' (sic) is, sadly,  utter bunk. Stephenson obviously knows OF Magic: the Gathering, but knows  nothing ABOUT it. It made me wonder how much of the rest, which seemed to  be well-researched, was equally inaccurate.<br />Still - a great book.
B000031XCR|5.0|Whether you love her or hate her Celine is the best selling female artist for a reason. All the way is a collection of heartfelt ballads and mid tempo classics. &quot;You look at me&quot; has to be one of the most  emotional and heartwrenching ballads that I have ever heard. There did seem  to be several emmisions from this album, most notably &quot;where does my  heart beat now&quot; which saw Celines emergence as a world class  performer. I would also have liked to have seen some of her French classics  such as &quot; Pour que tu maimes encore&quot;. However this said I predict  that this CD will equal sales figures for Lets talk about love. If not more  and deservedly so. Celines voice encapsulates her audience, grasps them and  forces them to show emotion.Also mr sinatrs would have been proud of you  Celine.
B000002UAI|4.0|One of the few Beatles albums not worth 5 stars, Beatles For Sale is an odd beast. recorded at a time that the boys clearly didn't have a full album's worth of material, it contains too many mediocre covers and a  couple of forgettable originals. But then, on the other hand, it has the  superb No Reply, I'm A Loser, I'll Follow the Sun and Eight Days a Week,  and a real gem, the little known Ringo Starr cover of 'Honey Don't', with  its wonderful exortation of &quot;Rock on George, one more time for  Ringo&quot;.<br />Its also the first album where you can here the original  Beat group sound starting to mutate into something different. Probably one  of the least essential Fabs albums, but really not bad at all, and of  course, essential for completists (like me).
0140177396|3.0|Of Mice and Men<br />I thought Of Mice and Men was a good book that gives insight to the depression. The author tells it how it really was and allows the reader to understand the people, like where they were coming from and how they got to the place they were. The other thing I liked about this  book was how the author takes the all too real setting of the story and  makes it a light and almost humorous. With a great ending, this seemingly  boring book enters the hearts and minds of its readers. In closing I would  give this book, on a scale of one to ten, an eighth.
0790729725|4.0|I just knew the gods were messing with me when they took one of the most perfectly stylized and directed films ever and ruined it by making it so that you have to turn it over.  Who ever is responcible for this travesty  must make ammends.  I wanted to cry when realized this was the case.
0312243022|5.0|<br />Maybe the readers who don't like this book were in a hurry...this book requires, almost demands, to be read slowly, deliberately, and not in one sitting.<br />I've not found a book in recent time that held my attention and drew me into the story more than this one.  I read it after hearing a piece  on NPR...and I've passed my copy on to friends who have also enjoyed the  wonderfully crafted prose. <br />Although there are three separate stories  going at one time, I never felt disjointed or disrupted during the  shifts.<br />I've even re-read the book three times and will read it  again...it's that good.<br />If you can get beyond some of the negative  reviews, and if you can give yourself time to absorb the Cunningham's  glorious prose, you just might find a gem of a story just waiting to be  unearthed.<br />Enjoy!
0792838297|5.0|If someone were to break down my door, put a gun to my head and force me to make a negative comment about Cheyevsky and Lumet's NETWORK I would only be able to say that's it's a shame that this film isn't re-released  nationwide like the Star War movies were... maybe people today could  recieve a stern message for there eight (nine-fifty in NYC) bucks.  Better  than The Truman Show and all the other cautionary 'real TV' movies that  will ever be if for no other reason than because it dares us at the same  time it warns us and insults us.  I'm young (born the year this film was  made) but feel fortunate to experienced Network.
0671015206|1.0|I had heard so much about this book that I read it with a lot of anticipation and I was really disappointed. The book is interesting and relatively informative about millionaires. However, it is more anecdotal than anything else. There are some statistics, charts and graphs, but there  are no &quot;real life examples&quot;. If you are looking for help, say, a  &quot;how to&quot; or &quot;guide to becoming a millionaire&quot; this is  not the book. The other thing that turned me off about the book is the  author's writing style. At times I found it preachy and at other times  condescending. There are much better books about money management, making  money work for you and becoming financially secure.
B000002KDO|4.0|This album has nothing to do with &quot;reality&quot; unless you are some psycho that lives in a cemetary. <br />Besides that, the lyrics speak for themselves. You can actually understand the vocals in this album, so be  prepared. They are gruesome.<br />The best time to listen is perhaps on a Full  Moon, but that doesn't happen too often [about once a month]. No doubt some  of it was written then though...<br />The songs are a collection of howling  and guitar screams that resemble the madness of this band. This is truely a  fall into the depths of madness... This album should be considered as the  anthem for the dead....<br />My favorite song is naturally the first one  [titled SWEET LEAF]. <br />From there we scream and wiggle our way through 6  more, eventually listening to the last [titled aptly-- INTO THE  VOID].<br />From there you return to a real reality [and out of that void]  into the living world, so cherish it.<br />For now........
B00000JCOV|5.0|This has got to be the hardest, and most listenable CD that I have purchased in quite a while.  This music is far heavier, and has far more passion than the likes of Korn or Limp Bizkit.  You will not like this CD  if you're offended by explicit lyrics, or heavy yelling.  Slipknot have  obviosly got something against society, which is alright by me, because  they transform their anger into heavy and passionate songs, that no band  has ever come close to.  I am glad I finally found a band that rocks with  no holds barred heavy riffs, and great singing.
B00000J7JO|5.0|its simply sweet to listen to.  great guitar and vocals only complimented by their awesome style.  worth the dollars.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Thee great virtuoso, the man of the sliding fingers, Don Carlo Santana, is back! And boy does he excel! Smooth is only the tip of the iceberg. This CD is a veritable potpourri of soul, hot latin sounds, futuristic jazz  guitaring, and Zairean conga rhythms. I hear that Mr. Santana is going to  be working with Japanese cellist YoYoMa soon. The only song I don't like is  the one with Eagle-Eyed Cherry. Mr. Santana should be more mature than to  perform with artists who give themselves juvenal monikers like that.
B000003BF4|5.0|This clearly is the definitive live Stones recording. Mick Taylor asserts himself as the group's eminent lead guitar player (sorry Ronnie). His leads on Sympathy for the Devil are simply wicked as well on his classic licks on  Midnight Rambler. Any Stones fan must have this selection.
6305426694|3.0|This is a fine movie, just inaccurate. When I saw the movie I knew precious little about the events surrounding the Woburn case. Since the movie I've grown quite familiar with the case- for a class at the law  school I attend I was required to read the book and read a companion to the  book containing copies of the actual documents the two sides entered into  evidence. The movie, I came to realize, was a fine piece of cinema but  grossly inaccurate as to what actually happened in the book.<br />Travolta is  fine as Jan Schlictman, the lawyer pursuing the case against the W.R. Grace  and Beatrice Foods Corporations for dumping TCE into the river around the  city of Woburn. Critics of the book who disliked the slight slant author  Jonathan Harr gave to Schlictman and the plaintiffs will really dislike the  larger slant the film gives in their favor. The real Jan Schlictman is  hardly the callous jerk the movie makes him out to be in the beginning.  Likewise the movie also makes caricatures out of Schlictman's foes- Grace  lawyer William Cheeseman (who is unfairly portrayed as a doofus) and  Beatrice lawyer Jerome Facher (who comes across as a scheming,  Machiavellian presence). Critics also quarrel with the film's portrayal of  Judge Walter J. Skinner, who is made out to be a tyrannical presence in the  courtroom.<br />In terms of acting I rather liked Robert Duvall's turn as  Facher. He gives a lot of depth to Facher, where a lesser actor would have  made Facher a cartoonish villain. It is important to understand that  Facher, Schlictman, and Cheeseman were not evil people- they were just  advocates for their clients doing their best. The movie also leaves out a  lot of important details and misportrays a lot of events. (The portrayal of  the Rule 11 hearing, for example, is utterly wrong.) Those not familiar  with the book will find Harr's analysis of the pretrial maneuvering to be  facinating, but totally gone from the movie.<br />Don't misunderstand me- the  movieis very good, on the balance. It gets some things right about the law  (one of my biggest pet peeves is hearing people take legal facts they hear  from movies and believe they are actually real), and the performances are  (mostly) quite good. The book is just better.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album has open the eyes of many disbelievers.  Lauryn skills and ability to be real with her lyrics has spoken to a lot of us that has been miseducated. She branched out on her own and succeeded.  Keep up the good  work young lady!
0553573403|5.0|I read this book with only the expectation that it keep me from boredom at work.  I was seriously shocked when I found that I could not out it down even hours after I came home. It is simply incredible.  the character development, especially of Jon Snow and Daeneryes, was superb.  The book  was well thought out,strongly written, and at no time did I lose interest.  The background for the story is deftly woven into the narrative so that no  excess time is taken, and confusion over the past of the characters never  rears it's ugly head.  Fans of sword and sorcery or high fantasy novels  should give this book a serious try.
B0000247D1|5.0|As Gunther Wand points out, Bruckner was \\"the most important symphonist after Beethoven.\\"  Listening to his symphonies and reading much about this great Austrian composer (courtesy of books by Deryck Cooke and Robert Simpson), I cannot find much to contend Wand's verdict, if at all.  The thing about Bruckner was that he entered into a new sphere in symphonic writing no composers has ever gone before.  The deeply religious and spiritual expressions in the symphonic literature since Bach were never so profound before Bruckner's symphonies entered the scene.  The grandfather of structural expansionism and the inheritor of Schubert's writings of Austrian nobility, simplicity, and optimism, Bruckner became arguably the most unique composer since Beethoven.<br /><br />Gunther Wand is among the most important advocate and expert  of Bruckner's symphonies.  Like Eugen Jochum, Daniel Barenboim, and Herbert von Karajan, Wand recorded all of Bruckner's symphonies more than once and promoted his music throughout Europe and North America (especially with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra).  This recording of 1998 with the Berlin Philharmonic, which earned a 1999 Gramophone Magazine award), is done with such a high level of depth and spirituality, amplified by Wand's spacious tempo. In the overall projection and feel of the work, he closely resembles Karl B&ouml;hm with the Vienna Philharmonic (London Decca-Legends).  Like B&ouml;hm, Wand interpretation is not hurried, avoiding the emotional zest and urgency one notices in Jochum and the Berlin Philharmonic or even Barenboim with the Chicago Symphony (both under  Deutsche Grammophon).  Like the Vienna Philharmonic under B&ouml;hm, the Berlin Philharmonic plays with magnificent aura, discipline, and balance.  The Vienna  Philharmonic's brass and strings has more that imposing presence and bloom than those of its' Berlin counterpart, but overall the performance offer the occasion of its own.  The sound engineering is suburb for this RCA/BMG album, with the sound of real blend and balance (a tad less opulent than the London Decca re-issue for B&ouml;hm, but likewise first class in the final analysis).<br /><br />What's more to ask for in this soul-searching, soul-reaching album?, with the sound of real blend and balance (a tad less opulent than the London Decca re-issue for Bhm, but likewise first class in the final analysis).<br /><br />What's more to ask for in this soul-searching, soul-reaching album?
B000006045|5.0|Ever wondered what that song was when Neo (from The Matrix) was asleep at his computer?  I tracked down this cd by the title of the song, Dissolved Girl...since then, this cd has become my absolute favorite one, with it's  killer bass and awesome female singers (yup...that's right..) i can't get  enough of it.  If you're into that whole...i guess techno rage is the way  to put it...then i highly recommend this cd...
B00000J6AG|5.0|Finally there is an artist who know's how to  describe what it is like to fall in love.
0195117298|4.0|This is a complex and provocative field. I believe Mr. Barbour was also a Russian translator, and he clearly relishes mind games. The book is written primarily for physicists who are well-versed in quantum theory,  eigenstates, Planck mass, Schrodinger's Q, Einstein, Mach, Leibnitz, Dirac,  Minkowski, etc.. On Page 308 he states: \\"This book has been one long,  sustained effort to shed redundant concepts\\". Barbour only gets to the  heart of the issue in Chapter 15 after a long preamble of atom-splitting  arguments. The re-dissection leads one into a reductio ad absurdum, where  it goes beyond the bounds of (human) meaning, the Taoist domain of  \\"everything is everything\\", where all analogies are inadequate. Basically  he says the only way to unite macro-physics and quantum physics is to  delete the whole notion of Time. I feel that the final chapter is weak,  when he could have written it in a highly sensational manner. Is this just  British understatement? Occasionally he seems to say Time is non-existent,  but at other points, he proposes that it is time DIRECTIONALITY that is the  illusion. All this is totally counter-intuitive but we are used to this by  now. He claims all matter is governed by wave-functions that ping-pong back  and forth in a kind of \\"phase-lock\\" and create frames-per-second mirages of  motion and time or random configurations that are effectively timeless and  directionless. There is no past or future as such (see Page 262) only  \\"instants in time\\". Humans are totally beguiled by their earthbound reality  that (appears to) move at a mere 70 frames/second, so how can they ever  expect to gain command of  near-light-speed microcosmic worlds of quantum  particles?  Barbour sees history as a collection of \\"time capsules\\" or  \\"nows\\" which exist almost simultaneously in different regions of an eternal  present which he calls Platonia. This \\"continent\\" is in \\"quantum stasis\\"  (Page 305). Bizarre red, green and blue \\"mists\\" represent the unresolved  areas of illusory becoming-ness that cannot be accessed directly. In these,  he sees a shadowy deterministic force at work (quantum-ism) that forges the  destiny of all things by moving along the lines of least resistance  (maximum probability). In effect, this shadow-force is the one that  replaces and mimics old Father Time in Barbour's universe. He also  postulates (p.277) that particles can be auto-created out of Gaussian  waves, in a kind of voodoo science, yet to be found.<br />Time can be defined  in so many ways that writing about it is a near impossibility. Time is a  self-referential human artifice which is utterly meaningless in quantum  physical terms. <br />Denial of Time presents Barbour with some tricky   problems e.g: the expanding universe, animal evolution, cause and effect,  birds in flight etc..To explain the illusion of an expanding universe, he  posits that Platonia has an \\"Alpha point\\" which is equivalent to the Big  Bang, but is not of course the start-point in any real sense. There is also  no Omega point.<br />Denial of Motion is the most  controversial of Barbour's  ideas and he admits this on page 261 - \\"This is the point at which my ideas  part company with (comparative) orthodoxy.\\"<br />I think Barbour is on the  right scent. He needs more orderliness and decisiveness.
0553108034|4.0|I enjoyed this book and i think it is one of the better books that i have read. The only draw back, I think, is that there are too many people, leaving each character without enough content. I often find myself looking  forward to find that I have to read through another 60 - 100 pages before I  can get another ten or so of the character I am currently interested in.  Longer chapters or less switching between different characters would  increase my enjoyment of this book greatly.
0062502182|5.0|I have now read &quot;The Alchemist&quot; for the fifth time, this time to my neice of 9;  Paulo Coelho has written an inspiring and heart warming tale to appeal people of every age, race and lifestyle.  It is charming and easy to read and will keep the reader enchanted throughout. Everyone that I  know who has read the book shares my enthusiasm, so it is of no suprise  that the book holds the 'cult' status that it does worldwide. BUY THIS  BOOK!
B000002ADT|5.0|Being born in a small Siberian town I'm not exactly an expert in the American culture.  Seeing a few Hollywood movies and TV shows titled &quot;Greed&quot; or &quot;Wanna be a millionaire...&quot; did not add much  to my optimism regarding its very existence.  Until one French guy gave me  the Kind of Blue CD for a couple of days.  Miles Davis gave me a reason to  forgive those greedy ones in this country that call themselves people of  art.  Let them be, as long as one of a kind of blue might appear once in  awhile among them...
B00003CX95|5.0|This is the movie to see. It has it all, romance, action, drama, suspence, and a GREAT soundtrack! Everytime I hear the title-song I get tears in my eyes 'cause the feeling you get from this movie is so strong that you only  have to hear that melody to get that overwhelming feeling of greatness! The  cast is superb. Mel Gibson, need I say more? :-)  Sophie Marceau, (also  star in new Bond flick-The World Is Not Enough)she's simply the most  beutiful and greatest actress ever lived!  It got 5 oscars in 1995.  It is  a bit violent, but tell me a movie that isn't! This is THE ultimate   movie-experience that will leave you wanting more, and more, and more!
B000002P5R|5.0|Whether or not Hendrix' family got the song selection and order right, ie. in accordance with Jimi's wishes, is simply something we're never going to know, so take these &quot;this is how the album was meant to be&quot;  claims with a grain of salt and just get into what he was doing here.  Whatever else was going on, Hendrix was making a few moves towards a more  funky, less psychedelic sound, as tracks like &quot;Freedom,&quot;  &quot;Izabella&quot; &quot;EZ Rider&quot; and &quot;Earth Blues&quot;  attest. He was also exploring his slower side just a bit more; I've always  wondered ever since I heard &quot;Drifting&quot; almost 30 years ago (on  the out-of-print CRY OF LOVE) whether Hendrix had intended to add more  vocals to the track and, sadly, never got the chance. Not that he needed  to; the small orchestra of guitars he layered on top of each other for the  last 60% of the song is really lovely to listen to. FROTNRS may or may not  be the &quot;definitive&quot; assembly of Hendrix' final works, but it  contains some terrific, timeless music.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I don't know what the reviewer below me is talking about. Diana Krall is an excellent singer. Granted she does not have vocal chops of a Mariah Carey or a Whitney Houston but that is not all that singing is. Diana is a  master of the understated style reminiscent of Shirley Horn, placing an  emphasis on knowing when to stop, when to pause for effect, and when to  pronounce words a certain way for maximum effect. This is much harder to do  than simply belting out, and it is what makes Diana Krall a superior  singer, and what makes this album one of the best for the year.
B000002J1B|4.0|This is the album Yes released after finishing the TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS tour. Rick Wakeman had left the band so they put most of this together without a keyboardist and it shows on certain songs (e.g., Sound Chaser). Which means they relied more than usual on Steve Howe's guitar work here. That's not necessarily a bad thing! But Patrick Moraz only had about a week of rehearsal with the band before they started recording. That said, this is one of Yes' better efforts. The Gates of Delerium is an anti-war song in which Jon's enigmatic lyrics for once don't seem so obscure. The song begins by setting the stage, both musically and lyrically between the two sides. One can imagine (and one hears) initially a happy scene with children playing and people going about thier business, into which come the interlopers. After an initial musical struggle between these two sides the interlopers begin to speak, \\"Stand and fight we do consider...\\" and the fight is underway. But the battle is yet to come. And come it does! During a \\"debate\\" between the two sides that keeps moving back and forth between incitation to attack and calls for calm and peace, the music rises in intensity until the \\"hawks\\" sieze the moment and the battle is begun. And what a battle. It occurs in three parts, each more intense than the previous one, until it reaches a crescendo that, apparently, leaves both sides all but annihilated. Out of this chaos comes the song of hope, \\"Soon.\\" Anyone who wonders why \\"ethereal\\" is the word most often used to describe Jon Anderson's voice need only listen to this passage to hear the reason. It is Jon at his most ethereal and beautiful. (For another vocal treat from Jon, I recommend the Ave Verum at the end of TOLTEC. The hair on the back of your neck will stand on end. This guy's voice is a portal to another dimension.) On SOUND CHASER, if I'm not mistaken, the drummer at times is actually playing in 5/4 time while the rest of the band is in 4/4! Jazz musicians might experiment with such musical esoterica, but among rock bands only Yes has the balls to attempt something like this! TO BE OVER is a quiet, sort of lilting piece that ends in a finale remniscent of church bells ringing. If you're not a fan or are unfamilliar with so-called prog rock, it should be clear by now that such songs are not simply written but composed, like the symphonic music in which they have many- but not all- of thier roots. (For those who don't \\"get\\" Yes' popularity, or the popularity of Prog Rock, imagine if a classical music composer were to write typically complex, intricate pieces of music, but then, instead of scoring them for a symphony orchestra, he scored them for a rock band and its instrumentation.  That is what you're hearing when you listen to Yes' music.  As even Yes' fans will admit, that approach doesn't always produce sterling results, but when it does gel, the results can be mind-blowing, revelatory music.  That is what excites us so much about this band.  OK, 'nuff proselytizing...)  This album was recorded on Eddie Offord's mobile equipment, so be sure to buy this re-mastered version as it doesn't sound quite as compressed as the regular issue.  (I can't wait to hear the SACD or DVD-A version!)  And, by all means, enjoy...
B00000IPAX|2.0|Sound-of-the-minute pop-punk bands seem to follow a mandatory curve of progression through their career: two albums worth of obscurity producing music more on the punk side, an especially cheesy song producing a sudden and surprising smash single, a follow-up album that shows an obvious change  in musical direction (an intentional change towards the aforementioned  smash single), massive exposure for several moments, followed by another -  permanent - lapse into obscurity (sometimes suffering through one last gasp  of an album that no one cares about).<br />Blink 182 is no exception to this  inevitable rise and fall of the easy-to-swallow pop-punk flavor - at the  moment, they teeter dangerously on the brink of ultimate fame and the final  descent into nothingness. With their first two albums they treaded a  &quot;safe&quot; area of the punk pool - sort of like a version of Green  Day that the hardcore kids were allowed to like. After having achieved   popularity with their more recent Dude Ranch, they've modified the music  found on Enema to better suit the tastes of a wider audience, resulting in  the ongoing Pop or Punk? debate (and much fatter wallets for the Blink  boys).<br />The end result is a disc full of songs that seem to be directed at  some mythical breed of punk rockin' jock boys: cheeky, moronic, short  songs, with constant attempts at humor so ackward that it makes you cringe  in pity for the poor guys. But it's so cheeky and so moronic that it just  can't help but be catchy (who can't sing along with  &quot;na-na-na-na-na&quot;?), and if the goal was to create a collection of  cheery, whistleable anthems for the conventional teenage masses, then Blink  182 have succeeded. But boy is it stupid.
B000001ESP|5.0|I have most of Rush's albums on vinyl, and I listen to each of them from time to time.  (Nothing beats the anticipation that comes with the POP of the needle hitting vinyl through headphones) but there is only 1 CD I  bought to keep in my car and play it over and over again and that's Moving  Pictures. You have to have the top down and the wind in your hair when you  listen to Red Barchetta!<br />There are plenty of reviews that describe the  music and the place this album has in history and I agree with all of them.   But to the Amazon user who's thinking of buying this album, BUY IT! Do it  now!  Click the &quot;1-Click&quot; button, now!   You won't regret it.
0553108034|5.0|Suspense, mystery, sibling rivarly, all tossed with a bit of magic make for a compelling story.Wonderful characters , superbly writtten, keep the pages turning into the wee hours.  The only question left is when is the  next story coming out.
6303234844|5.0|The first time my wife and I saw this video, we were entranced -- couldn't keep our eyes off of it till it's completion. Unfortunately, it was a borrowed video tape from a friend -- had to give it back :-(. Needless to  say, as soon as it is available on DVD, it will be added to our collection.
0790733226|5.0|This is a really fantastic movie that blows away most &quot;first contact&quot; type stories.  It is done in such a way that the viewer actually believes that it really could happen this way.  I agree with most  reviewers that there is a slight cheese factor involved, but hey, that's  Hollywood!<br />I love the entire journey that is undertaken here: a journey  of mankind on so many different levels.  This film is very deep and  entertaining at the same time.  It is almost a &quot;2001&quot; aimed at  the mass audience and made more practical (don't get upset, I LOVED 2001,  too). I agree that this movie is not about religion vs. science.  Rather,  it is about how the two are connected and how there is no &quot;right&quot;  or &quot;wrong&quot; side of the fence to be on.  I think it is a bold and  enlightening statement.  Also, this is only a background theme to the  bigger tale of man's journey into the next era.<br />Stunning and engrossing.   You should enjoy it if you view it with an open mind...
B000002UYZ|5.0|The Beatles are THE most written-about recording group of all time, so any broad statements would just be repetitive. Suffice to say, the &quot;Red Album&quot; is a mannered look at the Beatles' early singles, all of which  are hook-laden, strong classics. With the exceptions of &quot;Norwegian  Wood&quot; and &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, there is little indication of the  mind-blowing experimentalism of their later work. Like their British  compatriots the Yardbirds and the Animals (among others), the Beatles grew  up listening to and eventually covering the early rock pioneers (Chuck  Berry and Bo Diddley being the most overt influences). The &quot;Red  Album&quot; documents the band's attempt to capitalize on their American  obsessions while breaking new lyrical ground. Lennon and McCartney are  working so closely together here that their individual contributions are  practically indistinguishable. The songs are starkly emotional and are  stripped of any pretense that may have marred some of their subsequent  recordings. The Beatles are still such an amazing cultural force, it really  should go without saying that the &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Blue&quot;  albums both should be a prerequisite to any complete music collection.  Without them, an individual is missing a very large piece of rock and roll  heritage. Personal Favorites: the sitar-driven narrative of &quot;Norwegian  Wood&quot;, the melancholy classic &quot;Yesterday&quot;, and the  bittersweet recollections found &quot;In My Life&quot;. Representative  Lyrics: &quot;Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in the church/ Where a  wedding has been/ Lives in a dream/ Waits at the window wearing a face/  That she keeps in a jar by the door/ Who is it for?&quot; (&quot;Eleanor  Rigby&quot;); &quot;I give her all my love/ That's all I do/ And if you saw  my love/ You'd love her too&quot; (&quot;And I Love Her&quot;)
0140177396|3.0|This story is about two guys that stay together as they travel from job to job.  Lennie, a big, dumbfounded guy, is always getting into trouble and his best friend George is always bailing him out.  George can't look out for Lennie for the rest of his life and that means Lennie has to make his  own decisions.  Lennie gets into trouble and he doesn't even know it.  He  is always saved by George, so he doesn't have to worry about the  consequences.  But he will soon find out what the real world is like.
1881273156|5.0|This is the best book I've read for quick, meaningful and practical marriage advice.  My wife and I have integrated the five categories into our everyday vocabulary.  It has been so helpful for us to understand the  same simple, affirming terminology. Then it's just a matter of putting our  words into action.
0805062971|5.0|I'll admit that I'd never heard of Fight Club before the movie, but I'm incredibly glad I found out it was a book first. This is an amazing piece of fiction. I agree with one of the previous reviewers in saying that I wish I had read the book before seeing the movie, but what the hell,  they're both awesome. If you don't know anything about the story, there's  this guy (no name is ever given) who goes to support groups so he can sleep  at night (he has insomnia). He meets a man named Tyler Durden, then his  house blows up. So he moves in with Tyler, and before long the two are  totally embroiled in the underground organization they create called Fight  Club. Fight Club evolves into something more dangerous, and the narrator  starts to question, but he can't find Tyler. It's a really quick read, but  it's awesome. The movie is great too, but if you haven't seen it yet, read  the book first. The movie follows the book pretty closely, although the  endings are a bit different.
068815333X|5.0|I picked up this book, because it was on sale..sorry but true. I can't remember when I have enjoyed a writer like Dennis Lahane, ( and I read a lot). The story is clever, the characters are witty, charming, real and lovable, especially BUBBA. If you haven't read Lahane....DO IT NOW!  you   won't be the least bit disapointed..except you can't find the earlier hard  covers. Good Luck Dennis ....you have a FAN! If You think Coffey is witty  in Demille's books, you ain't seen nothin yet...
B000000WF0|5.0|The Verve was a psychedelic indie-rock-based band during the release of their debut. Yet audiences should have found out that frontman Richard Ashcroft has directed his music style to a more rock 'n' roll-like band  instead of psychedelia. &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; is a great album and so  as &quot;Urban Hymns&quot;. Some people may be upset by the Verve's melodic  style, yet I feel that it's another change in their style which may not  satisfy everyone. But personally i do think it's a great heart-touching  album with ultimate melodies. &quot;Bitter Sweet Symphony&quot;'s magical  string arrangement has built up fame for the band and has influenced many  other bands to follow them as using symphony in their songs. Richard's  lyrical skills are still one of the best in England, as you can see in this  first track, &quot;Sonnet&quot;, &quot; Catching the Butterfly&quot;,  &quot;Velvet Morning&quot;, &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot; and other  songs. &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot; is my Favourite track which touches  m heart very much...richard's beautiful and bitter vocal performance has  expressed sour and struggle, pain and relief with a touching and despair  emotion. The acoustic guitar has added scents of sadness. By the way, Nick  McCabe's spacy floating guitar skills are still present in some of the  songs which is deeply rooted from their debut. Anyway, the age of Mad  Richard had gone. Here's the evolution.
B000002LIX|5.0|Janes Addiction is such an amazing band.  I grew up in high school in the 80's listening to Led Zeppelin, Metallica, Yes, Floyd, etc.  Janes Addiction is basically a mixture of ALL of those bands.  When Ritual first  came out, I was only vaguely familar with their music.  I only heard  Nothing's Shocking a few times and when my friend bought Ritual the day it  came out, I was interested enough to go over and listen to it.  It just  blew me away like very few records ever had.  Maybe only Zeppelin IV or  Dark Side of the Moon impacted me more.  Stop is a rocking opening song  with a very catchy guitar riff.  It's definitely mosh pit material.  Yes,  Dave Navarro is one of the best ever.  The rest of the first side  including Ain't no Right are up tempo rockers with catchy lyrics and  melodies.  Been Caught Stealing is the most unique song on the first side  and even though it was overplayed on MTV and the radio it's still a great  song.  Now we get to 3 Days.  If there's a song any better than this then  you better tell me.  It's the best 10 minutes of music you'll ever hear.  It's got it all--melow moods, tempo changes, ripping solos and  pure  jamming.  I can never listen to that song too many times.  And it was even  better in concert.  Then She Did rates just behind it more for it's unique  point in the middle.  I like how they threw the guitars, drums, banging  pianos, and clarinet (?) into one mix.  Of Course is a bit too wierd with a  mid-eastern influence.  Maybe they go a little far but I've grown to like  it over the years.  Classic Girl is a great closer to end an incredible  piece of work.  Perkins, Avery, Navarro and Perry (of course) turn in their  best studio work ever.  No wonder they broke up after this.  How could they  ever equal it!  I was fortunate enough to see them on their last original  tour at Lollapallooza and I'll never forget the concert or the band.  This  CD is a MUST HAVE for anyone who likes Rock N Roll.
6305750750|4.0|Star Wars Episode 1 was my favorite movie of 1999 I watched three time over the summer.This movie  has great special effects awesome fighting scenes with Obi-wan Kenobi,Qui-Gon and Darth Maul.The city of Naboo is beautiful with realistic waterfall,Natalie Portman did a great job in this   movie,she play Queen Amidala and Padme.Jar Jar bink I don't like him he  ruin the movie he too funny and chicken out at the battle scenes and it's  hard to understand what he saying.Last one is  Anakin Skywalker the boy who  want to become the Jedi,can't wait for that on Episode 2&amp;3.I enjoy this  movie,so may the force be with you!<br />George Lucas said he's not releasing  Episode 1 on DVD,I was very disappointed,DVD is much better then vhs.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock totaley rules I like Black ChicK White Guy  and almost all the other songs on there. this is head Banging Music!  And You can party with me or you can kiss my A**
B00000JCB2|4.0|this is a great cd. it should go diamond its so good. it never gets old. if ur looking 4 a good rock album, this is what ur looking 4. if any1 tries 2 copy limp they will never be as good. and thats a fact!
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock totaley rules!  This cd is one of his best!
0140177396|5.0|This book, is a personal favorite.  I started to read it and could not put it down for the life of me.  Mr. Steinbeck did an amazing job and has written a spectacular novella.  If there were one book I could recomend to anybody, this is it.  The tale of Lennie and George is one with laughter,  tears(the book brought me to them), and truth about the cold heartedness  that exists in the human factor.
B00003CWL5|4.0|I have wanted to see this movie the minute I saw the Trailer.  It looked like a good movie and when I finally saw it I concluded it is a great movie.  It wasn't just one type of movie, it was a comedy, drama and  mystery all balled into one.  I especially enjoyed all the characters.  The  characters were people that many people could identify with.  Kevin  Spacey's performance was outstanding, his performance really pushed my  feelings of the movie from good to terrific.  I reccommend this movie for  everyone.
0385474547|4.0|About a month ago I was assigned to read a book from a suggested reading list in my Lit. &amp; Comp. course. Last Thursday I decided I should probably start looking for a book to read. Since &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; was readily available, free, and short I decided to go for it.       Starting out I thought it was pretty drab and boring. Talking about  customs and rituals in some African tribe. &quot;Who cares?&quot; I  thought. Slowly as I got deeper into the novel I was beginning to realize  something. Achebe put all the tribal information in the beginning to prove  something. He proved that we as WASPs aren't always right. The fact that we  went into a foriegn country and automatically decided that what we knew was  right and everything else is wrong emits the strongest sense of ego  possible. Achebe tries to prove that Europeans destroyed much of this  planets culture with Onkonkwo and his struggle with life. Okonkwo tried and  tried to become the best by achieving  all four of his lands titles only to  be squashed in the end by a bunch of hypocritical Christians.          Americans view themselves as knowing what's right for everyone. None of  them see the other point of view. A person knows what's right for them; so  let them make their own decision
B00002MZ4W|4.0|As a first time Fiona Apple listner, with her new CD WHEN THE PAWN, I am amazed by her musical talents.  My ears were on a constant backward roller coaster with LIMP, ON THE BOUND and GET GONE. Each song is consistently  unpredictable and I only wanted to get on her musical ride over and over.
6300182355|4.0|This is a truly unique movie. The leads can't act, the sets look rediculous, the plot is so thin, you hardly know it is there, but it is still wonderfully entertaining. Flash Gordon makes one big joke out of  every other science-fiction movie ever made. The supporting cast, led by  Max von Sydow and Timophy Dalton gives their best possible performance,  even if Dalton has trouble at times to keep a straight face. The sets are  so crummy, that they only add to the entertainment, von Sydow has a great  time being evil. An excellent movie for the whole family. The children will  take it seriously and love it (there is even enough sex to make them think  their almost grown-up) and adults will have a good laugh. Either way,  nobody is going to be bored.
014028009X|4.0|Why do people have to &quot;relate&quot; to something to enjoy it? I am a man (horror of horrors) and enjoyed this enormously. The affectionately drawn portrait of singletonism was recogniseable to men (this one at least)  as well as women, but that wasn't necessary for me to have a good time  reading the book. <br />Earnest political correctness is almost always the  enemy of humour, I'm afraid, as it is of much else. Believe it or not,  Fielding was not writing this as a prescription for modern, Amazonian  woman, for whom any show of emotion is apparently a sign of weakness (talk  about caving in to a male stereotype). In fact, she was not writing  prescriptively at all. <br />I happened rather to like Bridget Jones. She  seemed infinitely preferable - more fun, more witty and more self-effacing  - to some of her critics on this page.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Although I am a fan of a little harder music (AntiChrist Superstar was excellent) This is a great album. Very different from earlier work but still excellent.<br />All the close minded people, try using that brain for  yourself, you may find this album enjoyable.
6300214826|5.0|This movie, is quite simply one of the best movies ever made, but don't watch it as a historical view of the Vietnam War. In reality this movie is not at all about Vietnam, rather it is about the darkness of a person's  soul. Although I feel it is better understood if you read Heart of  Darkness(A book everyone should read) this film definatly nails the point,  although the ending leaves a little to be desired. After your first time  watching it, watch it again only this time watch it at a deeper level,  there are so many levels to this movie, so try to watch the symbolism, and  enjoy it not for historical purposes, but for the shear meaning behind it.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This is my favorite Manson CD, if you like the sound of NIN 'Broken' you should love this CD. Powerful and very dark. This disc just rocks<br />Had it forever still play it once a week.<br />Get over the hype and use those ears.  You may be impressed.
0440234743|5.0|I couldn't put it down!  It is excellent.  The characters seem so real - great storyline.  Keeps you guessing up until the last page.  My favorite was The Runaway Jury - super reading. Looking forward to reading The  Brethren!  Thanks John for such exciting books!
B00000J7J4|1.0|I fell for the hype and I have regretted it. If you want to listen to Carlo's sublime riffs you are much better off listening to his old albums. The lyrics on this one make me think of either some guy that never got off  the LSD trip he took once back in the 70's or of someone who suddenly found  out he suffers from an incurable disease and - too late - decides that life  is all about love and light and &quot;Whoo-aohaha hey lala&quot; (yes his  sings this ..) - It's simply too much ...
B00000DFRS|1.0|I just watched her Grammy appearance, and it made me very sad to hear the climax of &quot;...right...ok&quot; fizzle out.  Her voice used to be so beautiful and crystal clear.  She would hold those high notes like there  was no tomorrow.  Guess that's what happens when ya start smokin  ciggarettes and the green stuff...  Better luck next time, WHIT!
B000002U82|5.0|Simply the best concept prog-rock disc (or vinyl) of all TIME. A must no matter how much MONEY it costs you. However, no essencial Pink Floyd collection should be without it's sequel: WISH YOU WERE HERE.
B000001GBJ|5.0|My husband and I first heard &quot;Songs from a Secret Garden&quot; when we vacationed in Norway.  We bought the CD in Europe and brought it home with us.  It is an absolute treasure, perfect when you're in the mood for  gentle, sweet music.  I can't listen to it without being moved and  inspired.  A masterpiece!
0684872153|5.0|Angelas Ashes has got to be one of the most depressing books I have ever read. And yet I was unable to put it down, not even to wipe away the tears that came from reading about the hunger and saddness the McCourt family faced in Ireland. Being an Irish Catholic myself, I was easily able to  relate to many of the experiences Frankie encountered. McCourt's writing  style also made an impact on me. His very simple, easy to understand word  use and his ability to make the book sound as if a young irish boy was  actually telling the story directly, makes Angelas Ashes one of the best  novels I have ever read.
B00002DE2L|4.0|Very rich and refreshing approach to 'ol faves'. Who wants predictable! I especially like the smaller group performance - I'm not a fan of large numbers of instrumentalists all playing the same notes. [Snooze.] ASM is talented and creative with a unique, expressive vision. Package design is young & hip showing her unique style, which I appreciate. Found the bit about the painter interesting, though I felt there wasn't enough information there - explaing her connection, or about him & his work, so it might lead one to ask what does it have to do with this CD... Nevertheless, I find this CD very enjoyable. It's nice to hear a new and different interpretation of some old, but beatiful creations. Great for those with a young, open mind.
B000023VR6|2.0|I bought this CD because I thought it would be good.  I was wrong.  Out of the 22 tracks on it, there is only 4 maybe 5 good ones.  If you want to hear something good, go buy the new DMX or wait until the resurrection of  Bone Thgs-N-Harmony, the best rap group ever!
B00002SSRZ|5.0|This album is the one that really propelled Santana into the American music scene and the enhanced version really captures the true essence of Santana.  This cd has to of Santanas greatest songs, Black Magic Woman and  Oye Como Va, and it also has great instrumentals (Incident at Neshabur) I  recommend this ccd to anyone who appriciates music.
B00000DFRS|5.0|SHE IS THE BEST ; SHE IS THE NUMBER ONE<br />A REAL SINGE
B00002Z88D|3.0|...for some of the tracks, that's what it sounded like.  Others, like &quot;Ktulu&quot; and &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls,&quot; were amazing with the orchestral backing.  I really admire both the band and Michael  Kamen for trying this, but I really expected more.  For the most part, this  certainly did not live up to the hype.
0684869713|5.0|I read this book before I knew anything about Ayn Rand or her philosophy and I absolutely loved it.  Roark earns his self-esteem through excellent work.  Therefore, he rightly refuses to compromise his work for those who are less talented or have less integrity.<br />These ideas may be difficult  for some readers raised in our current culture where self-esteem is  bestowed, rather than earned, and cooperation is valued over results.  But  if you've ever seen your work watered down with the input of your less  talented colleagues or if you've been passed over for advancement despite  high ratings because you're &quot;hard to work with,&quot; this book may be  for you.
B000001EPB|5.0|When I first heard of Michael Flatley's Lord Of The Dance through a friend, I was sceptical. My favorite all time musical was West Side Story. But I must admit, after seeing this group perform at the Radio City Music  Hall, I was speechless. The scene that sent chills through my body was the  Gypsy scene. It was sultry, sexy, bold, and the music that accompanied was  dramatic and exciting. I now have a new No. 1 favorite musical of all time.  It is Michael Flatley's Lord Of The Dance! This is definitley a CD that you  will engage the repeat button on your CD player over &amp; over.
0767819462|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and even though you know what is going to happen, it strikes you in the heart each and every time.  I cry at all the same places and I have seen the  movie 17 times!   I do have better things to do with my time, but I  would rather be watching this movie.  I guarantee that you will love it as  much as I do. Maybe not 17 times, but you will be hooked.  Enjoy!
0399103422|5.0|The Godfatehr is the best book that I have ever read in my entire life.  I loved this book so much that I will probably read it about 20 more times in my life time.  I think that one of the reasons I liked this book so much is  because I loved the movie.  The book and the movie were very much alike.   That only makes this book all the better.  I think that Mario Puzzo paints  the greatest mental picture with words.  He is by far the best writer that  I have ever come in contact with.  I usually dodge in and out of the story  line when I daze off a bit but, in this book I didn't catch myself dazing  that much at all.  I suggest to everyone who reads this review,  &quot;You  must read the book, or I will feel like a failure.&quot;
B0000065O1|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this workout. It differs from most in that you're not doing choreographed moves in time to upbeat music - Cindy typically does 10 reps of a move, and then goes on to something else.  There's little opportunity to get bored. Her pace can be a bit fast, but I  don't try to keep up - I concentrate on form, not quantity, and as a result  I focus more on the muscles I'm working. The music is basically a pleasant  background. Some of it seemed odd at first but it grows on you. Cindy is  not an articulate or motivating instructor (the opposite of Denise Austin  or Susan Powter!), but her strong, fit body and proper form speak for  themselves. I would not recommend this tape to anyone who's starting an  exercise program, is significantly overweight, or has knee, hip, or back  problems - many of the cardio moves are high impact, and the cardio segment  is too short and intense for those whose primary goal is to burn fat. But  this tape includes many exercises for both upper and lower body that I  haven't seen anywhere else, especially for the chest muscles (perhaps not  surprising for a model!). I don't do this tape often but I always enjoy it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This cd is one of the most beautiful pieces of work that I have had the pleasure of listening to.  I love Moby's music!  All of the songs on this cd are like a work of art.  They are so creative and you could just listen  to these songs over and over again!  My Weakness is my all-time favorite  song.  I could listen to this song forever!  I have already listened to it  atleast 70 times now and I have only had the cd for 2 days.  I first heard  it on The X-Files episode Closure.  I instantly fell in love with it.  This  song went so beautifully with the ending scene of this episode...I started  crying.  Mulder has just been looking for Samantha for so long...I'm  getting teary eyed again thinking about it!  I love The X-Files! (I'm  obsessed)  Anyway, I'm getting off the subject.  You'd have to be nuts to  not love this song.  This song is so spiritual and dreamy.  I highly  recommend that you buy this cd...NOW!  GO!
B000005S37|1.0|... if he sees the reviews about this album. Made only to annoy his record company, to get out of a strangling contract, this must be his most talked about record ever. Amazing, if you take into consideration that what you  hear isn't even music! I know of no one who has been able to stand this for  longer than two minutes: feedback, electronic noises, not even the  slightest hint at melody, rhythm, lyrics or whatever you are used find in  pop music. Nothing at all. I think Lou Reed has made a bunch of great  albums (Berlin is a masterpiece, Transformer, Coney Island Baby, even the  live ones aren't too bad), but this is a stinker. For the life of me, I  cannot understand anyone giving even one star to this 'recording', but  Amazon won't let you give zero stars. Anyhow, I bow to Lou Reed for ever  getting this out on record, and I bow even deeper for getting it out on CD  as well!
B000002J2B|5.0|This is an understated masterpiece.  Think Debussy is boring?  Think Mahler is boring?  You'll think this is boring, too.
6300214354|5.0|This is one of the side-splittingest comedy's ever.  If you love slapstic, you'll eat this up.  Definatly worth purchasing.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have been a Santana fan from the very beginning. This album has been long awaited.  It is clearly one of his best.  He has outdone himself this time.  He has brought young and old together to listen to his classic  style.  Carlos Santana is clearly one of the best and most distinctive  guitar players of our time.
0898159156|5.0|I don't know what I can say about the book that hasn't already been said!  It's all true.  Buy this book, seriously!  I visited Peter's nursrey in Forestville, CA and got to talk to Peter himself and buy a few plants.  Definitely worth the drive, if not just to see the impressive Nepenthes  first hand!  But seriously, this book tells you everything you need to know  to grow and care for these amazing plants!
B000002JPA|1.0|...to protect oneself from the Portnoy's and Peart's of the world. Don't buy this album for the &quot;great drumming&quot; unless you like your drumming busy and soulless.
B00003XB8K|4.0|Micheal Cretu and gang are up to it again, this is a great album I have listened to it many a time while chillin' and drinking a little wine!  Cretu is a master-mind at his art and Enigma is in a league of their own.   The new album &quot;Screen Behind the Mirror,&quot; is one album of a  sort-of trip, I feel like it takes me to another land.  I like how they  recycle some of their old beats and infuse them with new ones, although I  miss the old Enigma heart beat.  Enigma keeps the old-time musical style  while blending them with new rythmes and Georgian Chants is awesome.  Songs  like &quot;Push the Limits,&quot; and &quot;Smell of Desire&quot; will  leave your mouth wet and mind wondering?    These two songs use big beats  with soothing melodies.  Some songs you can dance to but others make you  want to relax.  This album for making love, isn't like old songs  &quot;Principles of Lust&quot; or &quot;The rivers of beleif,&quot; but  could take you on an adventure.  I gave it four stars and feel Enigma is a  renissance in pure moods!
B000002JS8|5.0|Im not being boring, I love &quot;Back in Black&quot; and other AC/DC albuns with Brian Johnson, but, try to be neutral and youll see, in &quot;HIGHWAY TO HELL&quot;, that Bon Scott was one-thousand times a better  singer than Johnson, both technically and evaluating the charisma between  him an AC/DCs style of music. The trouble is that, in this CD, this is  clearer than ever!  The band is at his peak and I wonder if, had they not  written the stupendous material that formed &quot;BACK IN BLACK&quot;,  would Johnson stay in the band for so long.
B00000K19E|5.0|To those who saw Johnny Mnemonic, and thought, there is a lot of potential here but they didn't quite pull it off, The Matrix is the answer. Here we have a scifi movie that doesn't come short on any end. When we look at  films which use a great deal of special effects, they form two catagories:  Films which have built their plot around the effects and Films which build  the effects around the plot. An example of the first would be Star ship  troopers...enough said. The Matrix fall under the latter category. Where  amazing special effects are used to portray amazing ideas. The Matrix not  only uses these effects near to perfection, but takes the genre to a whole  other level. The combination of ground breaking special effects, with an  intelligent plot, a pinch of Japanese Animation spirit, and martial  artestry second to none, makes this I dare say the best Scifi/action movie  since Aliens. In one word: Flawless. good night
B00000DFRS|5.0|This cd is a fabulous choose for anyone!  It gives a great selection of amazing songs!  I recomend this to everyone who loves music!
0553213105|4.0|Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austin is a very interesting novel. It not only tells but also, shows what young women went though in the 18th century. Elizabeth Bennett faces many expirences that women  go through today. From getting maried to dealing with  friends, family, and men from a  day to day basis. Elizabeth  has seven sisters  who are also going through  the same expirences. She is closest to her oldest sister Jane. They seem to  understand each other the best. The mother is the most interesting  charatcter out of the whole novel because she wants the best for her  daughters and tries to live their lives for all seven of them. Elizabeth  does not let her mother do this and in the end her mother disowns her. This  novel teaches  what is worth in life and what is not.You should only do  what is right for your self and on one else.This novel gives you hope that  in any life you can become your own self and not be criticized for your own  actions or how you think. This is a great novel and if you read it I hope  you enjoy it as much as I did.
B00000K0DT|5.0|There is not one moment of watching the Usual Suspects where you don't feel twisted and manipulated in opposite directions. You'll welcome every minute of it. This movie reeks of perfection, and even the most embittered  would be hard-pressed to find faults in this, the greatest flick of  all-time.  The wonderful ensemble acting stretches far beyond the master,  Kevin Spacey, to include both mesmerizing and hilarious performances from  all of the cast.  The cinematography is breathtaking in its originality.   The music is delicious. I cannot think of one moment where I didn't feel a  wonderful, lasting rush.
B000002JNN|3.0|Lets see how AC/DC is a stone of continuity, never changing: 1)Angus always played with school uniform; 2) Malcolm never did a solo, even live; 3) Malcolm and WIlliams never played walking through stage, only stand at  each side of Phil Rudds drums, 4) They never jammed with someone; 5) they  never absolutely recorded anything accoustic in their songs 6) they always  played with jeans 7) they never tried to add keyboards; 8) they never tried  to write intelligent lyrics. But they are great.
630575067X|3.0|Well, as excited as one was at the premiere of Episode One, one could not help but feel a little uneasy. As the premier drew closer, the feelings were mixed. For one thing its star wars! It has to be good, on the other  hand there is no way this new Episode, what's it called..uh..The Phantom  Menace? could ever measure up to the old star wars, we have come cheerish.  Well in thinking so, we were right.  It seemed as if George Lucas had a  bunch of cool toys to play with for this movie, and some where along the  line he lost sight of what the original episodes portrayed. In this new  installment, the audience is swept from underwater chases to dog fights in  outer space, and never allowed to sit back and familiarize themselves with  these awsome settings. I can look back at the old trilogy and say, man I  really love that cantina scene, or Jabba's palace is the coolest! Looking  back at episode one, all that seems to come into view is Jarjar Binks's  annoying slapsticky (un)comic relief. Mr.Binks is an entire character which  has all the appeal of Chewbacca's blood chilling Tarzan scream in RotJ.   Moving along, Anakin Skywalker...man I don't know who that kid actor was,  but I do know he needs acting lessons and a good kick in the behind. He  almost ruined the whole damn thing! But lets be fair. Take away, JarJar and  pretend that Anakin is mute, and we have a great prequel. The plot is good,  the bad guys are excellent, the fighting scenes are fregin beautiful. And  it all builds up nicely for an exciting grand finale. All and all it's an  enjoyable fun-ride for the whole family and certainly worth the money.  Until episode 2....lets just hope Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't get the part of  Anakin Skywalker...because if he does, I'll be skywalking out of the  theatre. good night ps. Not releasing E1 on DVD is either the smartest  thing G L has done or the cruelest, most sadistical act of stupidity this  world has ever seen...
B000002TQB|5.0|The best Blur album I've heard so far, a true start-to-finish listen.  Superb melodies and performance make each song a delight.  Sure there's some filler (&quot;The Debt Collector,&quot; anyone?), but anything that  keeps it spinning is fine by me.  &quot;Girls &amp; Boys,&quot; &quot;Tracy  Jacks,&quot; &quot;End of a Century,&quot; &quot;Parklife,&quot;  &quot;Badhead&quot;...dammit, they're all good.  Just go and buy this one.
630428540X|5.0|I took me awhile to catch on to the John Travolta &quot;comeback.&quot; Always a good actor, he is trancendent in &quot;Phenomenon.&quot; Taking his character of George, struck by a mysterious light, and turning him from  an average man to a genius, could have been an actor's trap. Travolta makes  it his triumph. He gives George such a humanity that even with the genius  powers we are aware that George of old is still there, trying to  desparately to just be his old self, and only the girl he longs for, played  excellently by Kyra Segwick seems to understand his wanting to remain the  same, no matter how many &quot;miracles&quot; he performs. So many films  like this are too serious, use too many special effects, or are just plain  ridiculous. Travolta great performance seems to lift the entire genre and  wins us over like he does Segwick and her two children. The supporting cast  is excellent, especially Robert Duvall, who does miraculous things with the  town doctor. Forrest Whittiker is also good as George's best friend. The  town accepts the miracles like no other movie town does. Yes, they are in  awe, but they still doubt, as George doubts, that he was given a gift as a  mistake, but when all is said and done, we know the &quot;bright  light&quot; made the right choice, that he was able to even handle his own  mortality. There is a scene near the end of the movie, when George is  sharing his last moments and an apple with the two young children, that is  as moving as any I've seen in recent memory. Some may see  &quot;Phenomenon&quot; as too far-fetched or mauldlin, and if so they are  as jaded as many movie goers are getting. What does an audience want? Here  is a movie without much violence, blood, or spectacular special effects and  does have a message but does not force it on you, how all of us have the  possibility to be more than we think, that there is genius on a small  scale, in the feelings for love, simple pleasures, sharing an apple with  children,or facing one's own mortality without fear. A great Movie.
B000002VCW|2.0|Al Stewart can write great songs and he can write really bad ones. Just what the heck is this Lord Grenville?  A song about a loser English nobleman.  I didn't know whether to give this album 2 or 3 stars, but decided on 2 because this is such a bad way to start out a CD. The two great songs are the two hits (which is unusual. Radio stations typically make hits out of the weaker material). There are two songs that have a nice social commentary (Midas Shadow and Broadway Hotel) but don't have the music to back them up. One Stage Before is an OK song, but the remainder are pointless stories with sappy melodies. For rabid Al Stewart fans, this is probably his best album. For everyone else, there are other Al Stewart albums that have a higher per centage of great songs and a lower per centage of filler.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Hi...I'm from California and Blink182 is my favorite music group. I paticuarily like the sond &quot;What's my age again&quot; from their latest CD, Enima of the state. It's the BEST!
B000003S5H|4.0|After hearing about this album for the last year, I finally took the plunge and was extremely satisfied.  Notably, track 8 (ce matin la) is addictive.  Interestingly, whenever I play this either in the car or at  home, people hearing it for the first time always comment, i.e.  &quot;haunting&quot;, &quot;relaxing&quot; etc.  If you enjoy this, try any  of massive attack's albums, especially mezzanine.
6303109950|5.0|There have been many filmings of the Wyatt Earp saga, most done well. John Ford with his excellent &quot;My Darling Clementine,&quot; two John Sturges films, &quot;Gunfight at OK Corral,&quot; and &quot;Hour of the Gun.&quot;  Both excellent and hold up well. And along comes &quot;Tombstone,&quot; not  as heralded as versions that came before, but what a brilliant piece of  movie-making. There has not been many westerns made recently and they used  to be the staple of the screen. &quot;Tomestone&quot; injects new life into  this time-worn story. Kurt Russell is a tower of strength as Wyatt Earp.  His brothers are well played by Sam Elliot as brother Virgil and Bill  Paxton as brother Morgan. The rest of the cast are finely cast and good in  their roles. But the role that really galvanizes this movie to real  greatness is Doc Holliday played by Val Kilmer. He totally inhabits the  character, giving his many lines funny twists, like &quot;I'm you're  huckleberry,&quot; or &quot;You're no daisy,&quot; all spoken in a prissy,  hilarious Georgian accent, yet there is an underlining sadness about him-no  mean feat with such a character. The action is furious, tragic and rousing.  The photography by co-producer William Fraker is superb, with  thunderstorms, swirling dust and wide distant Arizona vistas. After seening  the overlong, slow &quot;Wyatt Earp,&quot; basically going over the same  themes, but with little spark, made me appreciate &quot;Tombstone&quot; all  the more. Kudos to the  the costume and set designers for a original,  realistic look to the production. And one last kudo to Kevin Jarre for his  wonderful, funny, screenplay. Scenes like Johnny Ringo (Michael Bien) and  Doc Holliday (Val Kilmer) dueling in Latin, then that great western icon,  Harry Caray Jr. breaking in and saying &quot;Boys, we don't want any  trouble in any language.&quot; And pre &quot;Sling Blade&quot; Billy Bob  Thornton being slapped and threatens to draw his gun on an unarmed Wyatt  Earp and Wyatt says &quot;Go on, skin those smoke wagons and see what  happens.&quot; &quot;Tombstone&quot; evokes the time, the flawed people of  the wild west, shows great attention to details and is a positively kinetic  piece of movie making that makes the heart beat faster, entertains, and  leaves us with the sadness of a west long gone, even if it is a west of  legend, violent and confusing. How many films on video can claim so many  strengths? That Tombstone won no awards is incredible. This movie was  clearly one of the best if not the best movie of the year.
6301247485|2.0|I admit that the film captured some subtleties that I missed from reading the book and thats about all the movie does for the classic novel. The casting of the film was terrible. Redford did a par job of protraying  Gatsby but Farrow turend Daisy to a bimbo airhead that likes pretty colors  {watch the flying shirt scene} and Nick was BORING. All in all watch the  movie first if you want to pass your English class with a D-,as for anyone  out of school, Please!just read the book.<br />{from a 16 year old high school  student passing his English class with a D-}
0195117298|3.0|A great introduction to Shape Space but not a very good theory.  That is how I would be inclined to describe this book.  It's major shortcoming is the refutation to Barbour's theory by Abner Shimony (available in The Geometric Universe).  This complete and utter destruction of the  timelessness theory is given a very brief spot in the notes for CHAPTER 3:   A TIMELESS WORLD (p. 343).  <br />By not giving the proper credit to Shimony's  theory, Barbour does himself in.  Later the book uses a method to prove  timelessness that Shimony has already proved is mere rhetoric.  <br />As I  read further and further on I also get the feeling Barbour really isn't  exactly sure what his theory really is!  He has difficulty upon difficulty  even making it apparent to someone like me with a strong  mathematics/physics background.<br /> All in all the book is structured to  prove itself correct while ignoring weather or not there is any evidence  for it's correctness.  A tough read I imagine for any beginner and filled  with self-promotion especially repeated (and repeated and repeated)  mentions of the author's website.  A blatantly obvious attempt to mirror  the success of The Emperor's New Mind.  Yet it fails so badly at this that  it is almost laughable.  Instead of laughing however I imagine most readers  will simply stop reading after the first few chapters.  It gets three stars  only because it is one of the best lay introductions to Shape Space in  print.
0684874350|5.0|In Angela's Ashes, Frank McCourt touched me by his use of simple, straight forward use of vocabulary. In his writing, it was easy to tell that he wrote his true feelling while growing up, holding back nothing.  When I read the book, it was like I was being told the story from a little, poor  Irish boy, not an older man.  McCourt's ability to do this created much  more of an impact on the reader. It is amazing that he could remember such  detail from his childhood. I started to feel like Frank McCourt, poor,  hungry, and abused.  At the same time I told myself never to complain about  hunger or the need of clothes or shelter again.  Not many books can do that  for me, but this one did.
B000002KET|5.0|This one is awesome, except for the morbid cover art. One of my all-time favorites, SBS just sounds great. My favorite tune on this one is the powerful &quot;Killing Yourself to Live,&quot; a fantastic head-banging  melody. The beginning of &quot;Spiral Archetect&quot; is A-1 as well, with  the acoustic guitar jamming. Buy this one now, you won't regret it.
1559408898|5.0|This is the work that introduced most of America to Paul Verhoven.  &quot;Flesh and Blood&quot; may have had some sucess but if you quized the average movie watcher, if they've seen the film, they probably don't  associate it with Verhoven.  Although not for the kids or the easily  squeemish, this is a fun movie.<br />Here, in all it's glory, is the nearly  subversive foreigner's view of America.  Verhoven's futuristic America is a  nation with a tolerance for incredible levels of violence (not at all  unlike modern American society.)  His American future is ironically set in  Detroit, a city that many American's imagine as an urban war-zone already.   This future Detroit is also largely a police state that accepts brutal  police violence as a part of society.  Watching this movie is a glimpse  inside the absurdity of American military, gun-laws, drug-culture and  popular culture as seen by many Europeans.  Not only is the film fine  sci-fi adventure but it's also excellent satire.<br />Basically, the plot is  simple.  A good Detroit cop (Murphy, played by Paul Weller) is killed (in  particularly brutal fashion) on the job right about the same time that OCP,  a mega-corporation, is taking over management of the Detroit police force.   OCP uses what's left of Murphy's body to create a super  &quot;Robocop.&quot;  The iteresting point is that this cops' weaponry and  targeting systems aren't even romotely designed for stopping crime, they're  all about killing the perpetrators.  This would resonate entirely to well  as a Fascist concept in Europe but in America, land of Texas executions and  future home to Rodney King beatings, this is acceptable.  At the same time  as OCP is becoming responsible for law-enforcement one of it's chief  executives is using his postition within OCP to consolidate his power in  local organized crime.<br />Verhoven goes after a lot of targets in American  culture here.  The cut-throat (or in this case blown-up while partying with  prostitutes) corporate culture of OCP takes a few hits.  Consumerism takes  it's lumps.  (&quot;I'd buy that for a dollar.&quot;)  The occasional news  reports interspersed throughout the film are particularly funny.  He even  touches on the global concern of machinery taking over many of the  functions of skilled human workers.<br />None of the satire is very subtile  but it's all very effective.  Add in some of the most inspired cinematic  violence and special effects gore (The guy getting sloshed over the  windshield is inspired filmmaking) and this a hugely enjoyable film.  But  one of the sub-plots is very telling in that while all of the violence is  going on around him, Murphy/Robocop is searching to find some link to  humanity and his former self.<br />Some other Verhoven films that also take a  crack at American values are &quot;Starship Toopers&quot; (Not a film I  would necessarily recommend but it's hard not to be amused by &quot;Doogie  Howser&quot; running around in his little Nazi uniform) and &quot;Total  Recall&quot; (Elected government has been replaced by Corporate state.)   Then there's the so amazingly bad it's actually enjoyable  &quot;Showgirls.&quot;  I have a lot of respect for Verhoven in that, for  &quot;Showgirls,&quot; he is the only director ever to show up for and give  an acceptance speech at the &quot;Razzie Awards,&quot; held every year a  week before the Oscars in order to honor the worst films of the year.
0553062182|4.0|Assuming the reader is an HSP (probably most are, like me), the author describes us: &quot;It means you are aware of subtleties in your surroundings...It also means you are more easily overwhelmed when you have  been out in a highly stimulating environment for too long, bombarded by  sights and sounds until you are exhausted in a nervous-system sort of  way...You pick up on the subtleties that others miss. And so naturally you  also arrive quickly at the level of arousal past which you are no longer  comfortable. That first fact about you could not be true without the second  being true as well. It's a package deal, and a very good package.&quot; I  would agree. I thought I was from another galaxy. I feel stronger knowing  that there are enough people out there like me that someone has finally  studied us and identified our traits. And now I know why most people don't  see the things I do and come to some of the same conclusions. <br />Highly  sensitive doesn't mean that we cringe and cry at every little thing that  happens or doesn't go our way. It means we are introverted -- we don't get  our energy from other people, but from ourselves, from within. This means  we require more time to ourselves than most people (about 20% of society is  introverted). It doesn't mean that we don't like other people -- we are  extremely social beings. What it does mean is that we pick up on slight  non-verbal and verbal types of communication that slip past most folks. To  complicate matters, it is no secret that Western society does not favor the  introverted, and the value of HSPs is generally unrecognized. In fact, the  role of many HSPs throughout history has been among the ethical thinkers  and leaders, the givers of inspiration. <br />Aron herself is a research  psychologist, psychotherapist, and an HSP. Being highly sensitive is her  trait, too, and she is right in there with us as she brings credibility to  the various problems and issues discussed in this book. She offersfacts,  case studies, coping and transforming behaviors, and discussion on  understanding the trait, general health and medications, re-parenting  yourself, social interaction, career choices, relationships and gender  issues, and spiritual considerations. <br />I'd make this book required  reading for teachers, employers, therapists, and everyone else. Don't ever  tell a child they're too sensitive for their own good or help them  &quot;overcome&quot; their sensitivity. Revel in it, celebrate it, and  support it. Everyone wins.
B00000J7J4|2.0|When Tina Turner made her comeback, she didn't rely on a bunch of &quot;guest stars&quot;.  Anybody can go out and get a bunch of stars to guest on their album.  The only reason why this album is selling is because  of the guest stars and the Latin pop craze that's going on these days.  And  the only reason why Santana won those Grammies is because the Grammy  committee love to honor vets, especially those who score big comebacks. If  you really want to hear Santana, stick with the older albums.
0671027344|5.0|If there is one book that had ever taught a person so much about the reality of life, Perks of Being a Wallflower did it. It is wonderfully written in a language that everyone can understand. This book hit home with me because I am a high school senior and looking back at all of my high  school years I can totally relate to Charlie. It makes me so happy to know  that a book can affect my life like that.It made me experience a whirlwind  of emotions: happiness, sadness, and frustration all at the same time. The  letters made for interesting reading and left you in a constant state of  confusion and curioisty. This book should be required reading for all high  school students. I love it and that is all I have to say.
B000002LND|5.0|whoever said madonna can't sing should try coping with everything she has gone through. she is a amazing singer and deserves a few grammy's. GO MADONNA!
B00004HYLF|5.0|Absolutely one of the best Fusion Jazz Album ever made.  All four musicians are some of the best with their respective instruments.  And Chick Corea is a great composer.  There is no weak link in the entire  album.  My favorite is the title track Romantic Warrior where all four  musicians were featured - a bass/drum duet, followed by a beatiful  accoustic guitar feature by Al DiMeola, and then climaxed by the great  keyboard finish.  It is like a fantastic trip.
0316920045|5.0|I have read this novel three times, and have never failed to be moved and entertained.  Yes, it can be difficult, and yes, even irritating.  But there are giant sections of this giant novel that are as deeply moving and riotously funny as anything I have ever read.
6301640659|2.0|CRUISING, aside from all the hoopla over its representation of hardcore S&amp;M gay underworld - a teeny fragment of gay society, is one of those cerebral detours for a commercial director.  Unfortunately, Friedkin winds  up talking to himself.  It was obvious he was hinting that Pacino himself  was struggling with latent desires, but I didn't care when it was all said  and done.  It's apparent that Friedkin was more hyped on creating a  mixed-bag soundtrack of early 80s New York punk entries and ECM snatches by  Barre Phillips and Ralph Towner, none of which fit very well into this  choppy exercise.  There's no moral excuse for the vivid depiction and  sadistic sexualization of the film's first brutal stabbing; it's the most  reprehensible and artistically irresponsible thing I've ever seen this side  of a snuff movie.  One can smell Friedkin getting a rise from setting up  and lighting this 'fascist-erotica scene which equates penetration with  repeated knife-weilding (not a breakthough thought) The whole thing left me  feeling sad and sleazy, and the only other two films that have had that  effect on me where the risible, pornographic 52 PICKUP, and the gutter-born  I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE.   There's no point-of-view in CRUISING; it only  succeeds as a disjointed cubist exercise in splicing together fragments  from a very troubled production, and basting the end product in once  cutting-edge pop and jazz cuts. Friedkin's a very talented fellow, so he  can be excused this intellectual and emotional failure, as long as he  doesn't make Part 2.
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD is really great to anyone tired of things that don't have any meaning. It takes you places that you never knew existed. It made me become more interested in Celtic music.
B000002H33|5.0|This CD is about tied with ...And Justice For All for best album ever, in my mind.  I like every song on it.  My favorite is The Thing That Should Not Be.       I just started listening to Metallica in December this year,  when I got S&amp;M for Christmas.  I immediately was obsessed with  Metallica.  But then I learned, S&amp;M is one of the worst Metallica  albums ever.  Compared to Master of Puppets and ...And Justice For All.   The Old Metallica is the best ever.  From Ride the Lightning to The Black  album, is when they were really good.      Well, that's my advice and I'm  sticking to it.
B000000OAL|5.0|This is without a doubt, one of my all time favorite Queen releases, but what can I say?  I love them all!  I like this one in particular, because its great variety of songs means that there is something for everyone.  For  example, &quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot; and &quot;Liar&quot; are excellent  medium rock tunes.  &quot;The Night Comes Down&quot; is a slower piece,  while &quot;Modern Times Rock 'N' Roll&quot; is a fast and driving number.   All in all, any rock fan should not deprive themselves of this wonderful  album.  It is truly a great work of art and an excellent mix of classic  rock tunes.
B000002GFC|5.0|I am 19 years old and therefore can not say I ever saw Cream Live on stage in person.  However, I can say that this band, and I speak as a musician and a classic rock dj, is the most talented rock band ever who are only  challenged by that of Rush.  Eric Clapton, who I feel did nothing  noteworthy after 1971 shines in this band.  Jack Bruce, the bassist, is  underrated.  He sang and wrote most of the songs.  Ginger Baker.  Have you  ever seen a crazier drummer.  He took double bass rock drumming to where it  is today.  Now personally, I say that every Cream song is great and should  be heard.  Hwever, those who have only heard the legend and are curious  should pick this cd up.  It has all the best.  &quot;I Feel Free&quot;,  which is currently a car commercial, is a great tune.  It seems simple but  there is far more than meets the eye.  &quot;N.S.U.&quot; speaks for so  many people with just one line: &quot;The only time I'm happy's when I play  my guitar.&quot;  How about the classic tunes from the Disraeli Gears  album.  &quot;Strange Brew&quot; is an interesting venture into a new realm  for the band.  And are any other ten bass hits(7 notes) in music more  memorable than the intro to &quot;Sunshine Of Your Love&quot;.  The dueling  vocals on this tune and Baker's odd drumming make this track still amazing  to this day.  &quot;Tales Of Brave Ulysses&quot; has become a recent  favorite of mine.  The lyrics and the melody(which will appear later in the  album as well) just work too well together.  &quot;White Room&quot;  What  many consider to be Cream's masterpiece.  I love the intro.  Bruce's voice  never sounds as good.  The melody from &quot;...Ulysses&quot; comes back  for this tune.  A true CLASSIC.  I love &quot;Crossroads&quot;.  It is a  great tune with a great repeating riff.  &quot;Anyone For Tennis&quot; is  at the end of the band's career.  It is an odd song(drugs) but is fun to  listen to nonetheless.  Baker's conga playing and Clapton's accoustic set  the scene on this one.  Mind you, there are many more tunes on this cd that  are worth listening to.  After hearing this, you will want to buy all the  Cream you can find.  Box Set, live cds, anything.  Well, i reccomend it  all.  But if you want the best on one cd or are a new fan, Pick this one  up.  If you are a metal or hard rock fan and want to see where it began,  check out this cd.  They were heavy before you could be heavy.  Cream may  have only been around for a little over 2 years, but the impact made will  last forever.
6305627401|5.0|being a loyal South Park fan (NOT a trendie, thank you very much), at first i thought that this was going to be just like one big, long episode of the show...boy was i off!  Mr. Parker and Mr. Stone took everything from  the series and put it 100 steps ahead of the show...and the music is  absoulutely outrageous!  i'm still humming &quot;What Would Brian Boitano  Do?&quot;. anyway, as you all know, the song &quot;Blame Canada&quot; is up  for an oscar, well, the song deserves the oscar, and if it did win, it  would show that the Academy isnt a bunch of snobby right wing people. but i  wont go into that any further....anyway, the film is great, and i recommend  it to anyone who is in the mood for big laughs.
6304711891|5.0|The Rock is my second favourite movie of all time, the Matrix comes first. Nicolas Cage is a brilliant actor and along with Connery and Harris makes a star cast. By the way Michael J. Berquist, who cares about the directing?  The plot, acting and action really ROCK!
B00002E233|5.0|This DVD bears no comparison to &quot;Jaws&quot;, except for having sharks in it.  Whereas Brody tricked the shark into eating the compressed air tank in &quot;Jaws&quot;, the three sharks in &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; actually  flee from the sight of a shotgun.  Furthermore, you could pretty much guess  who would make it out alive and who wouldn't, but your guess would be  wrong.  There are many welcome surprises to the action/survival cliche.   Watch for what happens when Jackson gives the regular pep talk to motivate  everyone.  Think that the chicks would survive, no doubt?  Think again.
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice and Men is a book about two men who have a dream to buy a small home.  They think they are different from other men. The two men in this book are George and Lennie.  George is small, tough, and handles everything that goes on between him and Lennie.  Lennie is big, strong, and not very  smart.  Most of the time George has to tell Lennie what to do.  After  Lennie gets in trouble at Weed, he and George have to hide before they can  go to there next job.  I really liked this book a lot.  I thought the whole  book was interesting.  I would have never expected the book to end like it  did.
0312853238|5.0|I have recently had the treat of reading &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; by Orson Scott Card.  There is a debate that has been going on for some time about the &quot;literary merit&quot; of science fiction novels. Or I should say lack there of. According to Mrs. Harris, and several of her online  contacts (fellow AP English Teachers), &quot;Ender's Game is one of the few  that could be considered to have this &quot;merit.&quot; I agree  whole-heartedly. This book is by far the best book I have ever read. It  follows through the childhood of a young boy named Andrew &quot;Ender&quot;  Wiggan. He is faced with many seemingly unwinnable situations, and is  isolated throughout the novel, all because he is the only hope to save  man-kind from an expected bugger invasion. He can't be dependant on anyone  or anything except himself if he is to be Earth's only hope. The buggers  have attacked Earth twice already, and the world fears a third attack. They  will do anything to stop the invasion, even sacrifce this young boys  childhood, and possibly his humanity. The main character, Ender, is such a  deep character, that you end up really caring about what happens to him,  and what he might be faced with next. When the novel starts, Ender is 6 yrs  old, and has finally been chosen to go to battle school, where his training  to become the savior of the human race will begin. The story follows him  through his trials there, and into command school. There is a very  memorable cast of characters that support and oppose Ender throughout the  novel. Most of them are boys from the age of 6 to 16, and really gets you  thinking about what childhood should really be like. The ending to this  riveting novel is all that can be expected from a great book, and really  answers all of the questions posed in the novel. All in all, I felt bad  after I was finished reading the book, and was sorry I had to put it down.  Read this one if you find the time.
B000002UJQ|4.0|Hum, the band that perfected washes of abstract sounds mixed with a wall of heavy guitars .. on an album, downward is heavenward, that came out near the same time as OK Computer.
6302720419|5.0|You can not miss this one.  A great Stephen King movie that is worth every cent.  Very original story which has the children killing all the adults in town.  Scary in places and I'm sure die hard horror fans would really like  this one.<br />There are 6 movies, so far, in this series but I think this one  is the best.  I was really disappointed with the other 5 so I suggest you  go rent them before buying.  Especially the last 2.  I can't find the 4th  one anywhere but online so I don't think I'll be seeing that one any time  soon.
1570427496|4.0|Stop reading this if you have not read the book yet. I think that in the end it is clear that Jamie does infact still die. The author wanted us to realize that the miracle that he was talking about wasn't Jaime living, it was the simple fact that he had the honor of loving someone so completely  as he did Jamie. Loving Jamie was his miracle. A very sweet story.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Filter's second LP, Title of Record is leagues ahead of its predecessor, Short Bus. Robert Patrick even manages to craft an irresistible hook sometimes (&quot;The Best Things&quot;). As stated in the title of this  review, Filter frontman Robert Patrick displays some very powerful emotion  on this album. There's a lot of cathartic screaming  on tracks like  &quot;It's Gonna Kill Me,&quot; while wearing his heart on his sleeve on  &quot;Take a Picture&quot; and &quot;Miss Blue.&quot; The latter track  dabbles in neo-psychadelia and traces of the Beatles can be heard. One of  the album's stand-outs is &quot;I'm Not the Only One,&quot; for which  Patrick layed the vocals after his then girlfriend dumped him on the phone.  He then punched a hole in his wall, causing serious injury to his hand,  rewrote the lyrics, and sung them. Real, honest pain shines through here.  It begins slow and wistful, and culminates with a thunderous wall of  guitars and Patrick's trademark screams. Filter also utilizes a lot of  electronica on Title of Record, but they never let it overshadow the song.  It makes songs like &quot;It's Gonna Kill Me&quot; even better. The  electronics aren't always there, however. There are great guitar-driven  songs like &quot;I Will Lead You&quot; and &quot;Welcome to the  Fold.&quot;<BR><BR>In a time when unimpressive, unoriginal, boredome  inducing bands like Creed sit atop rock's throne, it's nice to see a band  and an album with such intense and subdued emotion.
068484267X|5.0|As soon as I read the first few pages of this riveting memoir I was intrigued.  Frank McCourt made me feel the hunger, the humilation and even the laughter that he felt as he told his troublesome childhood. Even the writing style Frank McCourt used intrigued me, he used no quotations, no  real sentence structure and threw in little Irish poems through out the  book. The poems at first I skipped then I began to read them and they added  a lot to my experince of the book. I began to enjoy his style as the book  progressed and now quotes bother me and seem to be a waste.  I really  enjoyed his sentence structure it flowed very smoothly to me.    After  reading this book I will never say we have nothing to eat in the house  unless we have absolutely have nothing to eat in the house.  This was the  struggle that little Frankie had every day growing up in the slums of  Ireland. I loved his humour as well as the sadness he made me feel.  Frank  McCourt had me feeling that my life is quite good.  One thing I loved about  the book was that no matter how many times Frank's Dad spent the dole on  the pint he still seemed to love him to this day and had no hatred. This  book was one of the most interesting and inspirational books I have ever  read.
0140177396|5.0|I feel Of Mice And Men is an excellent book.  It is also a great movie!  My favorite character was Lennie.  I felt sorry for him because he was slow.  George is the kind of big brother I would love to have, he watches out for him, gets him a job, and does not take advantage of him even though  he could.  Slim is a guy that everyone looked up to, I would respect a man  of his degree.  But Curly.. I would of took his stupid boxing trophy and  stuck it right up his....well you know what I mean.  I liked Candy, he was a  good old man, but everyone bossed him around because they knew he would not  do anything.  I would prefer this book to whoever likes a mellow, old time  book.
B00000AFWW|2.0|Beyond the title track, the songwriting is uneven. The glossy production seems a bit too heavy for the band to carry. Vocals and lyrics are medocre.
0140013997|5.0|This is a most charming story told from the view point of a young Gerald Durell, budding naturalist, and the title informs of his priorities: Animals #1, then his rather eccentric family.  The former are treated with proper respect and interest; the latter with impatient tolerance.  One  cannot feel but drawn to the vastly superior sense in animals!
B0000028P8|4.0|this disc is all you will ever need from Mariah.her voice hasn't sounded any better since then.the arrangements and the music fit very well on this disc.for me she peaked out here.
044651506X|5.0|Absolutely one of the best books I have ever read. This is my first Nelson Demille book and I couldn't wait to go buy up all others that I could find. John Corey is great. His character is superbly developed, and very believable. The storyline and Demille's way of conveying the story makes it  very hard to put down. I really appreciate the fact that nothing was  &quot;over the top&quot; or unbelievable. I recommend this book highly to  anyone. Great job Mr. Demille!  I just started reading The Lion's Game and  am hoping that Corey is not killed off. Keep him coming.
B0000041XX|5.0|the voices are all in tune.this is very essential to any serious CD collection.it's a pleasure hearing the talent displayed here.i also caught the Performances on PBS.
B000003TSP|5.0|I just love the haunting vocals of this group. When I'm between wanting to listen to Gothic vs. Electronic group or Bjork is likely to find it's way into soundwaves. I love this CD though not any better then their other  works.
B00002SSRZ|5.0|this is the Raw essential Santana.the blazing Guitar with the equal slammin' Organs&amp;drums.Black Magic Woman,and the Party Jam that still rocks a Santana concert Oye Como Va.you are hearing Santana in the zone.
0375751513|5.0|If you know Oscar Wilde for his wit, you may find this book long-winded. But if you can enjoy a book purely as a work of art, you may find much inner beauty in this work. The story has great philosophical value, and the  moral implications are left open for the reader to ponder over. I have read  this book more than once, and it never fails to bring happiness at the  recognition of absolutely wonderful prose. This book is a perfect companion  to Wilde's plays.
B00000J7S8|1.0|she is a alright Piano Player but NINA SIMONE won't lose sleep though.she is a Celine Dion in training.i feel cross-over more than solid goods.her voice is a hurting thing on the ears.and the whole strings and what not  don't work.shes no Cassandra WIlson.overall she is a dime a dozen.i've  heard this style done time in&amp;time again.nothing special.
B0000013GT|5.0|This CD is my favorite of all time, i listen to it at least twice a week and it NEVER gets old, I love it and truly rememend that you buy it....now.
0451191153|5.0|Fountainhead is an interesting and thought provoking book.  I thoroughly recommend this book.
B00000JQFM|5.0|As Jimi would say - it's all freedom, and that's how I felt in 1987 when I first borrowed this from a friend.  I have gone on to collect all of Joe's CDs, and explored Eric Johnson and Steve Vai as well, among many others,  but I STILL love to pop this in when I'm cruising on a road trip and just  let the jams roll by with the miles.  This is one of the more raucous of  his releases, if you want something a little more laid-back, but still very  good, try his self-titled release.
6300214826|1.0|I very much like war movies, but I have no idea what this movie was about.  It was way off in depicting the Vietnam War (if you want a good depiction of that war, check out Platoon) and besides that, I still didn't find the  movie interesting or anything remotely representing an Academy Award  winning movie.
6302906636|5.0|VERY GOOD! Excellent fighting scenes! Good script. Dont mind what Leonard Martin says.Buy it today!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|THIS IS MY FAV. C.D. THE ONLY C.D. WHERE I LOVE ALL THE SONGS!
6304618344|3.0|Not bad but John Woo has done better. It is really spaced out beetween action scenes.Just rent it.
6305603847|5.0|Pink Floyd's depress-o-rama/work of genius in all it's acid-drenched glory.  If you're reading this review, you surely know the tale: Roger Waters artistically relates his walk on the fine line between genius and  madness, love and hatred, self-loss and self-redemption.  You will be  hard-pressed to find many works of cinematic art transferred to DVD with as  much care as this rock opera masterpiece. The picture quality is sharp and  crisp and the sound has been processed with care.  This is a must-have for  any Floyd fan with a DVD player.
B00000IQW3|4.0|This is not the best sci-fi movie out there, but it is one that i really like. the story has it's own style and is cute. the effects although dated by todays standard were groundbreaking then. we can't expect a movie made  15 years ago to be on the same effects level as the movies of today. it was  really the first movie to use computer animation on such a scale, something  that they recieved very little credit for.    the music is catchy and  interesting, the story rarely lingers and the characters suit it very well.  it's a little cheesy but that goes with the style of the film. if you have  not seen this one, then give it a go.
B00000DQSV|5.0|Yes, Duran didn't want us to consider this their comeback album, but it was a turning point for them.  I've been a Duran fan since 1984 and this album is still the one I reach for the most.  Notorious, American Science,  Skin Trade...kicking songs that still got it even though they were released  14 years ago.  This is definately a MUST for all Duran Duran fans.
B000002UDB|5.0|Slip on your love beads, nehru jacket, turn on the black light lamp and get ready to groove to the psychedelic period of the Beatles.  Encompassing singles left off Sgt Pepper, the album is basically the Magical Mystery EP  fleshed out.  Of the non-single tracks, the title track is brassy and  cheeky.  Then a classic McCartney tune, Fool On The Hill.  A very cloudy  trippy Harrison song, Blue Jay Way, followed by another McCartney novelty  song, Your Mother Should Know.  The best is the last, I Am The Walrus, John  Lennon tripping on Lewis Carol. Very cool!
B000002HH2|4.0|I've never heard anything like this before. Perhaps I've been musically ignorant and having been weaned on pop and rock I totally dismissed this record at first. Some of the singles struck me, but few made little or no  impression. Now I realise that from the band-big bombast of 'It's Oh So  Quiet', to the grandiose, jungle beat feel of 'Isobel', Bjork has herself a  winner here. A wonderful album.
0671027344|5.0|Brilliant book matching the brilliant personality of the main character, Charlie.  Many will be able to relate to his shyness.  His life was described perfectly and from this perfection the reader is able to get a great view into his mind.  I won't give the book's ultimate story line  away, but I will suggest that everyone should read it.  If you have a few  hours, this book is an excellent use of your time.
B000002TQV|5.0|Trust me, The Bends will blow you away. Even after hearing how good OK Computer was, I wasn't prepared for the one that preceded it. The songs on 'The Bends' give you an excuse to crank your stereo up to the max. The best song on the disc is the soft 'Fake Plastic Trees.' The meaning of the song eludes me but it is truly beautiful. Other good tracks are 'The Bends' and the eerie 'Street Spirit'. Even if you didn't like OK Computer, you will love this one.
0679746048|4.0|This book was an excellent study of mentally unstable and troubled women in the early 60's.  I like many parts of the book, but the look into the mind of the main character Suzanna was at times confusing.  Without these strange insights into her thoughts, I would rate the novel 4 stars!   However, if that is something that you would like to read about, this novel  comes with high recommendation.  I do suggest that you see the movie as  well.  I found it to be a great representation of the novel, if not better.
B000031XCR|3.0|Like many other fans I was surprised when I heard that Celine would release a &quot;Best Hits&quot; album, it being purely for marketing and sales purposes.  Previously Celine has appeared to me as on of the only  true divas left in the industry clearly out shinning Mariah Carey at the  &quot;VHS Divas Live&quot; Concert this year. However I predict this move  will add doubts in the minds of Celine fans as to how her career will end -  is this a high or a low note?<br />The verdict can only be deciphered by the  album. Oh the whole I have to say I was fairly happy with the inclusion of:  &quot;Think Twice&quot;, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;, &quot;My heart  will go on&quot; and &quot;Falling into you&quot;.  Dion's latest addition:  &quot;That's the way it is&quot; truly won my heart, but this was the only  new song that did.<br />I have to say that the last half of the album tended  to blend together and lacked the outstanding impression I recieved from  remenissing over the success of her ealier career.<br />If I were Celine, I'd  take this time off to do a litte research into reviving deja-vu
6304372620|4.0|THIS IS A TRULY  POWERFUL , HARROWING AND AT SOME PARTS DISTURBING LOOK AT LIFE BEHIND THE WALLS OF A JUVENILE DETENTION CENTER WHERE YOU CAN WITNESS THE VIOLENCE AND DOMESTIC ABUSE THAT TAKES PLACE THERE.IT IS THE STORY OF 4  CHILDHOOD FREINDS WHO MAKE A MISTAKE THAT WILL CHANGE THEIR LIVES  FOREVER.BRILLIANT ACTING AND A TRULY BRILLIANT FILM.
0812548094|4.0|Excellent!  I can't say enough about this series. This is my first sample of the fantasy genre (series) and I have to say it's going to be a tough act to follow. Great characters you care about, dialogue and epic plot which moves along quite quickly.  Plenty of action and gore as well.   Better than the first book. Can't wait for the rest of the series.
6304372620|4.0|THIS IS A TRULY  POWERFUL , HARROWING AND AT SOME PARTS DISTURBING LOOK AT LIFE BEHIND THE WALLS OF A JUVENILE DETENTION CENTER WHERE YOU CAN WITNESS THE VIOLENCE AND DOMESTIC ABUSE THAT TAKES PLACE THERE.IT IS THE STORY OF 4  CHILDHOOD FREINDS WHO MAKE A MISTAKE THAT WILL CHANGE THEIR LIVES  FOREVER.BRILLIANT ACTING AND A TRULY BRILLIANT FILM.
B00002ND77|5.0|Malcom is part of our countries history just like Abe Lincoln or Martin Luther King or JFK. It is a must see movie!  If you're a history buff, go get it; if you're not, go get it anyway! This beautiful, normatic movie  about a great man is a contribution to everyone's movie collection!
B000002L61|5.0|I have two words for ya:  DIO ROCKS!
B00003Q438|5.0|In refrence to jake_speed's review. It is important to realize that you should not write a commentary on a movie's pitfalls when you haven't seen the director's cut.  The way Cameron wanted you to see it.   I love this  movie. Ever since it came out I have been facinated by it. When the  director's cut was released on LD in the summer of '93 I couldn't have been  happier. The ending most people find a letdown is gone, replaced by a much  more significant climax. If you haven't seen this movie yet, GET THE  DIRECTOR'S CUT ON VHS, and you will never regret it.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I loved the soundtrack so much that I'm ordering it now from Amazon. So heart-expanding.
B00003Q438|5.0|In refrence to jake_speed's review. It is important to realize that you should not write a commentary on a movie's pitfalls when you haven't seen the director's cut.  The way Cameron wanted you to see it.   I love this  movie. Ever since it came out I have been facinated by it. When the  director's cut was released on LD in the summer of '93 I couldn't have been  happier. The ending most people find a letdown is gone, replaced by a much  more significant climax. If you haven't seen this movie yet, GET THE  DIRECTOR'S CUT ON VHS, and you will never regret it.
B00000JL86|5.0|This film succeeds on a number of levels: it has a gripping story, it has great animation, it has great characters, and it is technically wonderful. Though some may quibble at liberties taken with actual history (after all,  Rasputin as an historical character differs most markedly with the film's  character &quot;Rasputin&quot;), the movie DOES grippingly and  unflinchingly cover the assassinations of the Romanovs; things are not  &quot;prettied up&quot; beyond recognition. The spin taken on the Anastasia  legend is most interesting, and credible. <br />The color, sound, and  definition of the DVD version of this film are great! The extras are  generous as well!<br />This quality of animated film has not heretofore been  found outside of the Disney studios, and is most welcome!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Outstanding!  I love Diana Krall.  But, here is an added comment.  Her appearence at the Grammy's was terrible.  What was that stupid trio thing? She should stick to her own styling and avoid being pulled into what others  want her to do.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This has to be the best ROCK (i don't know why people insist that it's rap/rock) cd since the 1994 debut of Korn. The lyrics are loud and aggresive and the 8 man band makes for great sound.  If you like hard music  definatly pick this one up.
6301599411|1.0|A viewer from Los Angeles suggests that the public needs the kind of film represented by &quot;Chariots of the Gods.&quot; What kind of benefit does the public receive from misinformation passed off as documentary and  science but unsupported by any acceptable, scientific evidence? No wonder  the United States ranks last in the educational systems of industrial  countries. We choose to believe von Daniken's lies over documented  theories. The public at large would do better to watch NOVA, especially the  program debunking &quot;Chariots of the Gods&quot; than &quot;Chariots of  the Gods&quot; the movie. Maybe then, more people would know who to spell  BELIEVE.
B00004KD1L|4.0|i bought this cd because of the hypnotic at the river, which i cannot stop listening to. the acid-jazzy trombone and the gliding voice make this song different from the usual fatboy-slim clubsound. though none of the other  songs can really compete with this track there's still the slow dusk you  &amp; me and the pop song-like your song. the rest is ok to me but not  really brilliant. the final track, a fatboy slim remix, is pretty  irresistable (up-beat drums, funk giutar).
0671042858|1.0|This is absolutely the worst book I have ever read. It takes TWO THIRDS of the book for something exciting to happen! And the ending is the biggest non-event I can remember. If you think that a girl walking in the woods listening to her Walkman is a great story, buy this book. I was the world's  biggest Stephen King fan, but that man is riding on his name now. I'm  literally offended that he would put this rag up for sale and take my  hard-earned money. Save yourself the four bucks and buy some Nytol instead  - they will both have the same effect.
B000002LIX|5.0|Janes Addiction was the first real music i ever heard. In 1988, I heard Nothing shocking and realized how shockingly beautiful they were. Ritual De Lo Habitual like its name,became my daily ritual.  I revere them
B000002B5L|5.0|Yo man. Top, brain buzzin stuff.  Totally wicked cuts of THE funkiest rude boys in da house.  Fugees are the most wiggidy wiggidy of da bad boyz.  Cool tracks, hot tracks. They be producin da goods.  Big out to the Shaw  posse, respect due. For all those rude dudes out there.  Get yer paws on  this man, it be so wicked they should lift it! Yo Yo, big willy stile comin  at ya.
0792844793|5.0|This is the movie that made me a fan of David Lynch. Contains all the elements of a typical David Lynch film; erotism (to a kinky level), soft violence action and a soft exotic melody that remains in your mind.  Isabella Rossellini is marvelous with her uncommon and unbeatable beauty.  This movie can be classified as a classic that must be present in every  collectors shelf
6303443214|5.0|I saw Interview With the Vampire five days ago, and I still can't get it out of my mind.  Tom Cruise, Antonio Banderas, Kirsten Dunst, and especially Brad Pitt give spellbounding portrayels of vampires cursed with  eternal youth.  This movie is both thrilling and haunting, leaving the  viewer's mind swirling with emotions.  I fell in love with Brad Pitt's  character, Louie.
0880381736|5.0|I couldn't put this book down.  The character development done by these authors makes you want to cry when something goes wrong to one of them.  The best example is Raistlin. You can't help but feel sorry for the path he is forced to walk down.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Madonna has 7 full length studio albums out there, which one to buy first? Well, they're all great discs, excluding the dated and naive debut. While Like A Virgin and Ray Of Light are definite contenders, I always like it  when an artist takes a risk. Madonna did just that in 1989 with Like a  Prayer and then did it again in 1992 with Erotica. However, Like a Prayer  is tighter, more cohesive than Erotica. Like a Prayer is the first time  Madonna expressed deeper emotion in her lyrics, and it was the first time  her music was no longer Spice Girlish. Songs about religion, death,  divorce, camraderie, childhood, love and self-respect fill this wonderful  disc. It's true, as the people before me have attested: There is not a note  wasted on this cd, all the tracks are great. Sure, the duet between Prince  and Madonna could have been left off, but it adds more flavor to the cd's  rich well of songs. It's worth the money to have this in your music  collection.
B00000J7S8|5.0|By far, the best CD I've purchased in the last 5 years
6303398480|5.0|This an excellent movie and one that any SCI-FI fan should see. I don't know what is wrong with you people who gave this movie less than five stars. You have got to be stupid not to like this movie.
6300215512|5.0|This is a great film. Now I could stop there but those of you who haven't seen it wouldn't know why. Norma represents the film's evil, Joe is her pawn, who eventually falls under her spell and feels compelled and  connected to her. Max is by far the films most interesting character. He  not only aids Norma's fantasies, he remains with her to her suffering end.  NOTE: #12 on AFI's Top 100 Films of All time
B00002Z88D|3.0|I love Metallica, but this just didn't do it for me.  I am one of the few who haven't had a problem with their changing looks and sounds.  It was neat to see them be so versital, but it just isn't something I like to  listen to often unlike their other stuff.
079284131X|3.0|With the concept of a serial killers spirit being transfered into the form of a cute childrens doll, Child's play has the unnerving ability of playing on many young childrens (adults too, as we were once there) fear of  &quot;what if...my toy doll was actually alive&quot;. Andy's new bithday  present is far from the innocent, wholesome idea of good simple child's  play, this doll in particular has other ideas, ideas which involve a couple  of murders and the eventual possesion of it's young owners body. Cleverly  written and often quite scary, however the end sequence tends to go on and  on, purely playing out for shock tatics rather than logic.
B000002HGD|1.0|This is mindless music for kids on e, dressing like infants and dancing until they drop.  Not to say that is necessarily a bad thing, it's just that it doesn't make for good home listening.  <br />A party album and not one  of the better ones,  Moby's Everything is Wrong, shifts between tolerably  cheesey and intolerably stupid.  <br />Home listeners beware.
0800141660|4.0|Watching Sense and Sensibility, it's hard not to fall for it's completely irresistible charms and it's wonderfully drawn script. Emma Thompson deservedly won her Oscar for the screenplay, which bristles with warm  insight and the incredible ability of bringing Jane Austens characters to  vivid life. Thompson and Winslet, paired as two sisters as opposite as  chalk and cheese suffer many dissapointments in the arena of love, however  soon realising that love has many a funny way of looking after even it's  most hardend cynics. Winslet is a standout, with the rest of the cast being  equally impressive. As the tag line states &quot;Loose your heart and come  to your senses&quot;, I could'nt think of a finer way of doing such, even  if its for only 2 hours.
0451196716|5.0|I'm a misanthrope.  I guess that I was one of the 8 or 9 people who read this book when it came out as a pulp paperback in the late 1970's.  I was so stunned, shocked, and horrified, by this book that I literally couldn't get anyone else to read it.  My mind was so captured by the characters that  I couldn't work without wondering &quot;where are they now?&quot;   &quot;What is happening?&quot;  I had to take off work to finish the book.   <br />Now here it is...20+ years later.  I still remember when Thinner came  out and the world discovered Stephen King was Richard Bachman.  I had  become a Stephen King fan and was very happy, elated, and suprized, that he  authored a book that to this day invades my waking space and my  nightmares.<br />I'll be blunt.  It's not the best written novel I've ever  read, but it is the most gripping.  Be careful, be honest, and beware,  &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is coming.
B000020617|5.0|Slowly, slowly my heart regains it's 60 bpm and I collapse against my too too hard bed... I have just finished listening to a masterpiece entitled &quot;There Is Nothing Left To Lose&quot;.  Could it have been better?  To  ask such questions is to threaten the sanctity of rock at its best.  Songs  such as &quot;Generator&quot;, &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;, and &quot;Ain't  It The Life&quot; remind me of where so many have strayed from the path...  while our heros (Foo Fighters) have managed to venture through the tempest.   With such bubble-gum cardboard-cut-out bands as (well, I won't name  them... but you know to whom I am referring) the Foos allow those with  die-hard rock roots to breathe again.  And although they may have reached  the summit of what has already been done - I am quite certain that from  here on out the Foos will used their grounded knowledge to keep flying...   This album is a must-have for anyone who calls themself a rock fan; if you  don't own a Foo Fighters album (well, first of all &quot;What's wrong with  you?&quot;) there couldn't be a more perfect way to submerse yourself into  the world of David, Taylor, Nate, and Chris.
B00000K3UU|5.0|I loved this movie!  Ofcorse, it is probably not all that realistic, but remember it is a comedy and it is Adam Sandler. Adam Sandler can make any movie funny, but in this movie he was funny, cute, and you just wanted to  give him a big bear hug.  You laugh, you can cry, but you will have a good  feeling inside you. You will be repeating some lines from the movie over  and over just because they were so clever and funny. Its an all around good  humor movie and any Adam Sandler or even non-Adam Sandler fans would like  this. Enjoy, I know I did!
B000005DSN|4.0|They are the stuff that legends are made of,an amazing Finnish band(Helsinki-based),the mighty Stratovarius:Timo Tolkki-guitar virtuoso,Timo Kotipelto-amazing pipes,Jari Kanulainen-bass,Jorg  Michael(ex-Running Wild)-drums,and Jens Johansson(of Yngwie Malmsteen and  Dio-fame)on keyboards.1997's'Visions'characterizes a band coming of age and  ready to take on the world.With fast,neo-classical guitar chops,keyboard  virtuosity,melody and intricate progressive  arrangements,'Visions'featuring'Black Diamond'and'Kiss of Judas'does not  betray good art and true metal.An incredible album.Their new  album'Infinite'(2000)is already available in Europe.
B000001DTM|5.0|&quot;Achtung Baby&quot; is filled with dancable pop and pure joy. You can listen to this album to brighten your mood, it's that kind of music. &quot;Even Better Than The Real Thing&quot; adds disco to pop for an  interesting flavor. It's very glamorious and easy to fall into.  &quot;One&quot; simply reviews what real love is....&quot;ZooStation&quot;  is fun and rocky with cool drums and smooth bass guitar moves....everything  just falls into place track after track. Sexy, daring, and over the edge,  (no pun intended) this album was a bright come back for the so-called Band  of the 80's.
0553573403|4.0|First off this is a very good book. The characters are well written and there are some intresting plot twists. I like every thing about the book and would have given it a higher review if it wasn't for its two flaws. First I think the book needs some editing.  Not much but a bit.  Secondly I  think it does somewhat of a poor  job helping you keep track of all the  players through out the story. The problem is only there in the start,  after a while you just pick up on who's, who.  But a great book should be  easly accessable from the start to finish. Really those are my only beefs I  recomend it to a fantasy buff (not a person looking for a lot of wizards).  Over all though the 2 flaws shouldnt be enough to keep anyone from reading  it, so enjoy
B000001FA4|5.0|&quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; is definately one of those albums that has a charisma you can't put a finger on. From the sadness in &quot;A Sort Of Homecoming&quot; to the haunting of &quot;MLK&quot;, this record was good  till the last drop. If you like light rock, I'd suggest you should get this  album. It is very spiritual and deep, and if Miles Davis listened to this  album two hours before he died, then you know there's something calming  about it. I relate it to the &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; album and even some of  U2's latest work on &quot;The Ground Beneath Her Feet&quot;.
B000025RAU|5.0|I love this movie. It has all the classic elements of detective and suspense movies, but better. The whole film creates its own special atmosphere that really digs into your mind. Nicholson and Dunaway's acting  is unbelieveable, and the plot has so many twists and surprises you can  call off all bets. See it, for a real cinematic experience.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The best Santana's CD! Lots of great songs with other artists, but the best one is certainly Smooth...
B00000JCOV|5.0|I dont usually listen to this type of music but for some reason when I heard wait and bleed I knew I had to buy this cd and I love it. The songs on the album so much talent and i'm pleased I spent the money on a great cd  like this one.
0812550706|5.0|I really loved this book just because it was a really interesting plot and the games and training were so creative!  I love the idea of the anti-gravity games and stuff.  This is one of those books that you can read  again without getting bored.  My friend is reading it for the forth time!
0440234743|2.0|If you're an American then you'll definately give this book 5 stars. Buy the book quick - this is surely something for you: no difficult words, simple yet totally unreal story, the hero turns from very baddy lawyer to a very gooooddie one in a couple hundred pages. This is another example of  Grisham's new style of work: turn a bad guy into a Robin Hood type.  Hooray!  If you're not American then spend your hard earned money on  something else or at least on Grisham's first 4 books - they were 1000%  better.
0897500482|3.0|Ok, I've been studying martial arts for almost 11 years now, and I've been fighting, amateur, semi-professionally and some pro fights for the last 4 years.  I've read Lee's book and was very disappointed by it.  From all the  reviews I'd heard and read, I thought it would be truly great.   I was very  surprised to read it, then I did a little digging and discovered a lot of  stuff I didn't know before.  The book is heavily influenced by Lee's degree  in philosophy, in fact, it reads like a philo book I had in college, most  of it is from text books on the subject.   The actual martial arts  techniques in it are very simple, some VERY basic boxing tech's, and some  of the most simple tech's from various styles.  Nothing impressive to any  one with any real martial arts training.<br />What set this book apart from  others when it came out was that it was the first book on actively  cross-training styles.  LEe wasn't the first one to do this, in fact almost  all of the &quot;original&quot; or &quot;classical&quot; styles Lee didn't  like were and are a combination of other styles.  Their founders  crosstrained and melded together.  however, they did this over a period of  years of training in each style, Lee spent much much less time getting  techniques from individual styles<br />Overall, this book can be summed up  like this :  Lee tells you to study different styles, taking what you like  and what you can get to work, ignore the rest and makeyour own unique  martial art that works best for you.  Pretty simple.
B000005H4X|5.0|A cornerstone of jazz music! There should be an option to give 6 stars. 50's blue-note super record! Energy, power, talent, fun! A pure listening pleasure. I could listen to Moanin' once, twice..., 100 times without  getting stuffed. So, buy that great album today - I promise - you will  enjoy listening it for the rest of your live!
6305657947|3.0|&quot;Ever had one of those days&quot; sang Elvis, and thats exactly how I felt when I went to see this film. Taking two beautiful girls to the Virgin cinema in my BMW, I sat thorugh what was to be honest, a very good film,  Not a patch on the Original, but good. I then had to put up with the girls  swooning over Pierce Brosnan's Arse, then afterwards put up with them  comparing my body unfavourably to his!  More than a man can bear. But relax  fellas, I had the last laugh... I can act!
B00000IL29|4.0|...do not expect somthing like Cantaloop Island! It's different. If you are in the right mood - you will love this album, but if not...
B000006FNX|2.0|Bond meets old age, Sean Connery deserves an award for the Worst hairpiece in cinema history, really, I think he has a dead chiwawa on his head. This film was released to try and rival the then sitting Bond Roger Moore and it  lost dismally. Never a serious rival to Moore, Connery sends himself up in  rather unnecessary style, rather reminiscant of Roger Moore in the  Cannonball Run. This by the way is a remake of THUNDERBALL, the only Bond  script Kevin McCleary owns the rights to. And wait for it there are plans  to remake this. Again with Sean Connery, assumedly now in a nursing home,  Bond fans everywhere unite...DONT DO IT KEVIN!
630575067X|5.0|When seeing the original Star Wars Trilogy for the first time, I along with most (True) Star Wars fans were at the most impressionable time of our lives - we were kids. Since then, we have all become more cynical. And with  the release of the Phantom Menace, expectations were so unachievable, that  not even a Lucas/Spielberg/Cameron/Coppola pairing could meet them.<br />For  me, it was back to basics: Not only setting the platform for the following  five prequels, but getting the buy in from the younger viewers (as we once  did). Can you imagine if he had seen this for the first time in 1977? I  also don't see the extreme necessity in loading the Phantom Menace with  major character development - it would have been better, but it leaves us  gasping for more info. Now that's an opera!<br />Either you are a Star Wars  fan or not. As for me, I loved every minute.
630438551X|3.0|Its a funny one this, a film destined to become a classroom classic, an essential part of every English teacher's Survival kit. Theres two levels of performance here, Claire Danes as Juliet is exceptional, elegant and  feeling, she breathes life into a film that stutters in parts. Leo Di  Caprio as Romeo is less than convincing and clearly doesnt understand a  word of what he is saying, which brings one to ask, What the hell does she  see in him, (Obviously a large performance fee! ). Its a shame that this  was'nt a better pairing, as Danes' performance was so good. Romeo dies at  the end, much to the relief of all the watchers at my sitting. This is  still a good film, but Claire Danes deserved better.
0374172897|5.0|Michael Cunningham brings back the true classic novel form in 'The Hours'. I picked it up because it was about Virginia Woolf, one of our century's greatest women writers, and found that Cunningham truly deserved his Pulitzer. Virginia's story is heartfelt, expressing the ache she must have  gone through days before her suicide. Clarissa, whom is compared to  Virginia by her best friend dying of AIDS, shows similar characteristics,  as she watches him die so painfully, knowing there's nothing to stop it.  And Laura (?)(Clarissa's best friend's mother?) tells her story just as  well, the emotions of her pregnancy and marriage, and how she feels as  she's reading 'Mrs. Dalloway'. This is a truly remarkable novel that should  be used in high school English, along with Woolf's masterpieces. If you  want to delve into a woman's mind, here is your chance.
6304535570|1.0|Leslie Charteris, the Saint's creator, never lived to see this completed, which is probably a relief to him as it's not very good. Kilmer is about as English as a Cadillac and the Saint is very English, that's the hole point  of him. You wouldn't like an Englishman playing Columbo now would you!   Bring back Ian Ogilvy, or Roger Moore, and learn what the Saint is really  about&gt;
B000002NJS|5.0|I was always wondering when I was going to hear something new from Madonna, and was disapointed when Something to Remember came out, because it was only a re-hash of her ballads. Then along came Ray of Light. This is  truly the best Madonna album in years, or possibly ever. The one discrepant  song that people may not like is'Shanti/Ashangti' because of the religious  theme, and the Sanskrit language. 'Ray of Light' is full of shimmering  dance-grooves and electronic pulses, making the song even more energetic.  'Frozen' and 'Power of Goodbye' are both haunting songs of love and loss.  'Little Star' is really touching as a dedication to her daughter, Lourdes.  'Candy Perfume Girl' is sexy and bold, and 'Drowned World' expresses how  tired she is with being famous, and how she just wants to settle down  (great idea). All in all, this album is a treasure, and it certainly won't  collect dust in my CD player.
B000001FFJ|3.0|I think I came at Tom Waites from the wrong direction to really appreciatre this album. The first I bought was Blue Valentines, followed by Closing Time and Grapefruit Moon.  I loved the dark moodyness of songs like  Kentucky Ave and I hope that I don't fall in love with you.  So when, after  reading all your comments at Amazon, I bought Rain Dogs, I must confess to  being a little disappointed. The music is inotative alright, and there is  some excellent stuff here, 'Dimonds and Gold' and 'Midtown' ones I would  pick out.  But it is much harsher, brasher and rougher around the edges  than some of my existing Tom Waites.  Now this maybe my own loss in not  appreciating Waites for what he really is, a brilliant and radical musician  with out constrictions of style and presentation. But I just thought a word  to anyone out there who may have trod the same route as mine, it's a good  album, but not 'Closing Time II'
B00000IL29|5.0|Hancock took time off from Miles Davis' great mid-60's quintet to produce this timeless masterpiece, still sounding every bit as fresh as in 1965. While Miles and Coltrane at the time were exploring new levels of  intensity, Hancock slowed things considerably down, at times being so cool  it almost hurts. The sea-imagery is very evocative, with Tony Williams'  shimmering cymbals providing an ocean of their own. George Coleman never  really hit it off with Miles, but his gently lyrical playing works fine  here as does Freddie Hubbard's more virile approach. I have not heard this  remastered edition, but even the original cd-version sounded great.
630575067X|5.0|I found the film not short of its expectation. It has lived up to its standards, even though some of the parts and said words did not corrospond with the original trilogy. Ever since that movie busted out upon the scene,  I couldn't contain myself. I didn't see it as much as I should, but twice  was more than I have been to see a movie.   Ewan McGregor and Liam Neeson  showed throughout the film the traditional behavior of the Jedi Knights.  Through them, you see the spectacular strenght that only the truest Jedi  can gain by time and training. To the other who responded in a negative  manner, I beseech for you to reconsider your response. After watching the  summer's best blockbuster, I have learned to adapt the wisdom of Yoda and  Mace Windu to the true meaning of this life.     The movie itself was  SPECTACULAR!  The digital sound really helped enhance the sound and the  feel of fighting along beside Obi-Wan Kenobi or racing in top speed with  Ani Skywalker in his pod racer. The action packed film was and is THE film,  and not just to me, but to numerous others. I would give nearly anything  (except my Star Wars collection) to flip on to the scene and show off my  unique Jedi skills.     Star Wars concept of the &quot;FORCE&quot;, in the  words of the elder Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi, &quot;-is what binds the galaxy  together.&quot; It also gathers the world together. The multi-cultured  world has experienced the world of the &quot;weird and unclear&quot;, and  Star Wars introduces the colorful aliens, ones of &quot;stupidity&quot; ,  heroes and enimies we have all come to love and hate. George Lucas has  created a plague that will continue to be in many people's systems and I am  glad to carry it around in mine. Star Wars forever and a day.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon gives the listener something they do not have to worry about: getting up to change the song.  Keep the CD on repeat if you wish, it is always a fresh album.  <br />Roger Water's lyrics are superior to  all other artists of almost any time period. Rivaling Bob Dylan and the  Beatles.<br />David Gilmour's guitar work *is* superior in my opinion to any  others, yes even Jimi.  He has a way of flowing with a song, not taking  away from other music but enhancing it.  This skill is exemplified on this  album especially &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Money.&quot;  His singing  ability rivals many others of rock or any other musical genre for that  matter.<br />Richard Wright's keyboarding is superb.  He really is the one  that drives the &quot;psychedelic&quot; sound the band has at this  point.<br />Nick Mason's drumming has a jazzlike quality to this album much  like previous albums that he never really attains again after Dark Side of  the Moon.  <br />Pink Floyd start dividing a bit after this album and to me  never really clicked the same way in their music ever again, especially  after Animals.  The most important factor that makes me say this is the  best album of all time is the fact is every song is great and every song  flows from one song to the next.  From the transition from &quot;Time&quot;  into &quot;Breathe (Reprise)&quot; to &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; into  &quot;Brain Damage&quot; into &quot;Eclipse.&quot;  The entire album flows  like no other and therefore makes it a great album, not a great bunch of  songs on one CD.
0679720200|4.0|Phoebe Anderson February 23, 2000<br /> One motif in Camus' The Stranger is the origin back to the mother of the main character.  Meursault, the main character, finds himself at his mother's funeral not knowing the  people she lived with in her last days and having no visible forlorn  reaction over her death.  Yet, in scattered points in the novel she is  mentioned especially at times of trouble and concern.  The story  unravels into the life of this tactile-living, impersonal man and the  absurdity he faces after the death of his mother.  His mother's funeral  seemed to be a burden on his life.  \\"Maman was buried now, that I was going  back to work, and that really, nothing had changed.\\"     The next time  Meursault thinks of his mother is at a time when he hears his stern-faced  neighbor crying over the loss of his dog.  Meursault had often observed  this man, and was perplexed at the maltreatment he showed but still could  not live without his dog.  \\"And from a particular noise coming through  the partition, I realized he was crying.  For some reason I thought of  Maman.  But I had to get up early the next morning...I went to bed.\\"  His  train of thought went from the crying neighbor to the loss of a loved one  to his mother.  She, although he packed her out of his house, left an  impact on his life.  It might not of been strong enough for him to cry at  her funeral, but proves the inkling of memory is with him. \\"He realized  that some people in the neighborhood thought badly of me for having sent  Maman to the home, but he knew me and he knew I loved her very much.\\"  The  dog-owning neighbor points out his concern for Meursault and to the  audience his understanding for Meursault's love. Marie, his lover, came to  visit him in prison.  Meursault became distracted by the mother and son  visiting near him.  When it was time to go, he could not even focus on  Marie but watch as \\"he said \\"goodbye Maman,\\" and she reached between two  bars to give him a long, slow little wave.\\"  He was caught up with the tie  between this mother and son and their extended separation. Near his  execution, he thinks of his mother.  He reminisces about the only story  Maman would tell him of his father.  His father had seen an execution (the  theory Meursault thinks he was there was of enjoyment) and returned home  throwing up for the rest of the day.  In this, Meursault finds comfort that  his only memory can fulfill the absence a father figure.  He thinks the  only thing people are interested in are seeing an execution.  Now, he is on  the other side of it.  He is the one whom his father would watch. \\"Maman  used to say that you can always find something to be happy about.\\"  In his  frantic last thoughts, he reached for an answer and a comfort for death.  They were announcing departures for a world that now and forever meant  nothing to me.  For the first time in a long time I thought about  Maman...Maman must have felt free then and ready to live it all again.   Nobody, nobody had the right to cry over her.  And I felt ready to live it  all over again too.\\"
B000003TB6|5.0|This is probably the best of all the Roots albums, im really not sure... Any-way the roots are a GREAT band. The first REAL hip-hop/jazz or what ever you call it!  DYWM packs a real punch to there music which flows as  well as Black Thoughts or Malik B's rhymes. This being only the second one  I've purchased shortly after Things Fall Apart(sometime last year!), then  after hearing this one i knew I had to get the others. I quickly found  myself on the roots bandwagon. They are all that. My only regret is that I  haven't heard of them when they were starting out.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|For all of those (viewers and critics alike) who gave this future classic poor reviews because they couldn't see past the violent, and at times graphic content,  be prepared to eat you words.  This movie may seem like  your typical &quot;guy&quot; flick, but within this well written and well  acted film lies societal comments and stinging humour that invoke thinking  and discussion long after the film has ended.  This movie is ahead of its  time and will be appreciated in the future, as do all great things.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|c'est un super bon film, mais le seul inconvnient c'est qu'il n'est qu'en anglais en DVD. Est-ce qu'il va l'avoir un jour en francais en DVD, si oui quand.
B00000ICD9|4.0|Robin Williams works his magic again. Again a movie that hits very close to home. Maybe that's why I only gave it a 4. It is a very good show. And it does end well. The scenery and graphics are well done. Reading the other  reviews there's not much more I can add, but wanted to give it my thumbs up  anyway.
0790739909|5.0|I just loved this film.  It was so touching and it made me cry.  When you see the trailers for it, you immediatly assume that it is a typical love story: Guy and Girl meet, fall in love and are together forever.  Yet, this  film is different, the ending is tragic, its just so sad that two people  have found each other and then...well I've pretty much given it away now,  but to sum the film up-'just great'.  Both of the actors, and all the rest  of the cast, are really convincing, and they take you along on a flood tied  of emotions. They carry you-'In the arms of an angel'.  Simply the best!
6302720419|1.0|Riddle: What do you get when you cross stupid adults, illogical action, ridiculous dialogue with some of the worst acting done by kids in all of history?  No, it's not outtakes from &quot;The Brady Bunch&quot;.If a  person actually wants to sit through the film after reading this review, I  won't give away the ending.  Supposedly based on a short story by Stephen  King (he should disown this production), it is one of the funniest movies  since PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE.A group of kids &quot;own&quot; a small town  called Gatlin through a &quot;religious cult&quot;.  Enter a couple who  wander in and the stupidity begins. The couple keep mentioning that they  should leave the town and go to Hemingsford. One keeps hoping they will.   Take my advice: if you want to put up with this kind of trash, watch  re-runs of &quot;The A-Team&quot;.  One of the funniest lines in this tripe  is: &quot;He was already dead when he stumbled out on the road&quot;.   Don't bother!
6305807930|5.0|This is my own favourite Argento movie, but if you try and work out the plot it will drive you nuts. It's best viewed as a dark and incredibly gory fairytale and companion-piece to Suspiria. Irene Miracle becomes curious  about the history of the old New York mansion block where she lives. Big  mistake, but oh forget the logic. Just lap up the marvellous set-pieces: a  swim through an underwater apartment (why is it flooded? don't even ask!),  a witchy teenager and a cat who materialise during a music tutorial, a  slasher murder set to the Slave's Chorus from Nabucco, a rat attack in  Central Park - I could go on but see it for yourself. The soundtrack is an  audacious blend of Verdi and - wait for it - Keith Emerson. Sheer bliss.
0156907399|1.0|this book is one of the most boring books i have had to read this semester.  if it wasn't for a class i would have THROWN IT AWAY. spare yourself the torture, don't buy it.   on the other hand, if you have  trouble sleeping, feel free to pick up a copy as soon as possible.
B000001FYZ|5.0|I think that this is the best album that the Scorpions have ever put out so far!
B00001PE4D|4.0|Cruel Intentions<br />This contemporary update of Les Liasons Dangerous (or something like that) sells itself as a teen movie but is in fact much more, and a hell of a lot better, than that. The basic premise is that spoilt  teenager (Ryan Phillippe) makes a bet with his sister-in-law (Sarah  Michelle Geller) to sleep with virgin Reese Witherspoon, but then he falls  in love with her. But there is so much more to the film than this. The  script is clever, the plot well structured and the production excellent,  but over-riding this is the sheer quality of acting and the raw sexual  overtones between the characters. All three of the leads are incredibly  sexy, and the the sensual relationships between then (especially Phillippe  and Gellar) are excellent. Controversial subjects (sexual awakening,  homosexuality) are addressed simply and directly, and all of this without  any real nudity or explicit sex scenes. But here is more to this than sex,  as the romances play themselves out compellingly, with the actors creating  realistic and emotive characters. A brilliant film all round.<br />8 out of  10.
B000002C1Z|5.0|i am not going to review this, just read the next one to hear all of the acolades I would have said.  This is for the collector.  The 8-track version of &quot;Animals&quot; has &quot;Pigs on a wing Pt. III&quot;   Basically it's a short drum solo by Nick Mason.  I have never heard it, I  only know it exists.  Whether the 8-track is still out there at some flea  market somewhere, I am not sure.<br />Happy hunting.  oh, and buy this if you  don't already have it.
1558908498|4.0|Scream 2<br />The sequal to the critically and publicly appraised horror slasher, this is more of the same, although slightly better in that it has a wider scope than the original. Like the original, this is not really  scary, as the obvious mortality of the killer(s) makes it more of a murder  mystery than a horror. The Scream films tread a fine line by both  satirising and conforming to horror movie cliches at the same time, but  Scream 2 gets away with it the majority of the time, although certain  stupidities still irritate (why not close the campus?). There is also a  slight sense of tastelessness about this: the characters' deaths are  remarked upon and reacted to, but no remorse seems to been shown. However,  it can be argued that this is part of the ironic style of the film, which  along with the solid acting and pacey script, conspire to make this a good,  enjoyable film.<br />7 out of 10.
B00003CXCT|5.0|This is, by far, THE BEST of all 4 Star Wars movies yet! This movie was made to stand on it's own, sequels to it or not! It has all of the major themes of a major epic. Darth Vader is the greatest! I have watched this  movie over and over and over...the special effects might look tame to  today's standards, but the lack of &quot;computer effects&quot; gives it  more a sence of realism. I LOVE THIS MOVIE!
6305364613|4.0|William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet<br />Baz Luhrmans' contemporary reworking of the Bards most famous work, with its melding of a contemporary setting and the original script, is a masterpiece of style. From the  opening shots of a city torn by gang warfare, through to the captivating  romance between Romeo (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Juliet (Clare Danes), to the  effective ending, this is entralling. The acting is good, and the fresh  approach gives a new edge to what may otherwise have been a tired story.  The language, although initally slightly overwhelming, soon sounds natural  and the only real problem is the annoying sentimental flashbacks through  the film at the end. This, howeve, is a tiny flaw in an excellent film.<br />8  out of 10.
B000002KBU|5.0|I adore this CD. The lyrical imagry and her skillful singing are bone-chilling. A lot of young girls are wasting their time listening to the metalic new sounds of Amos and the saccarine coated fluff of McLauchlin.  Mithell's sound is sexy and timeless, I love this CD so much I'm going to  make everyone I know a tape of it. Standout songs are &quot;Carey&quot; and  &quot;My Old Man&quot;
B00003W8NO|4.0|Toy Story<br />This critically acclaimed computer-generated is a fun, witty romp, with both appeal to adults and children. The story and characters are simple, yet enjoyable, and the cutting-edge graphics are, on the whole,  excellent. The only two slight flaws in this film are the graphics of the  humans, who lack the polish of the toys, and the dull as dust score.  Otherwise, great fun.<br />7 out of 10.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This was part of my collection WAAAY back in my teenage years. We Sold Our Souls (a collection of) held all the very essence of Sabbath, while this and Vol. 4 were notable albums that went deeper in the scope of ability and  power of THE major influence of every single metal and power band out  there. Sabatoge takes you on a echo influxed journey through the  &quot;mind&quot; and &quot;dark dementia&quot; of Sabbath.  You can NOT say  you are a fan of sabbath and NOT have this cd!
0440178002|5.0|I say it is his second best because I think his earlier novel, Tai-Pan, is slightly better, but not by much.  That aside, Shogun is a brilliant tale filled with plenty of political intrigue in 16th century Japan.  It is a  historical novel which works.  A rare commodity indeed in this day. <br />I am  particularly impressed by how unpredictable the plot is yet plausible.  The  amount of research which Clavell had to undertake to produce this novel  must have been incredible.<br />Finally, the ending of the novel is filled  with nail biting suspense that satisfies the reader with an interesting  twist.  Read it.  It may look boring, but you would be mistaken to overlook  this great work.  This and Tai-Pan are the mighty bestsellers of the late  sixties and mid-seventies that I feel are unrivaled to this day.
0156528207|5.0|This is one of my childhood books and since reading it I can not remember any other more wackier, imaginative and yet appealingly reasonable book. Within in all the junk in this world today I find this single book honset and true and hreat breaking everytime I reread it.<br />There's nothing more  to say really, just this, - This is a MUST read! ....please dont let  yourself miss it!
6305263248|4.0|I enjoyed this action flick because it didn't insult my intelligence with the typical dialogue and go-nowhere action scenes that hollywood has been regurgitating lately.  These action scenes definitely go somewhere, and  fast.  The cast did a great job of getting us in their minds, using tension  and the constant drone of revving engines as a backdrop. A truly A+ action  film.
0393317552|5.0|I agree with the positive reviews of this incredible book.  &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot; is an education unto itself.  Every college student should be required to read it.  I think those readers whose previous  reviews charge that this book is too PC read this book from the perspective  of a personal agenda.  I even suspect that they are academic rivals of  Jared Diamond.  I hope others answer Jared's challenge at the end of the  book to expand upon the theories and data brought forth in this seminal  text.  It manages to answer at least half of those questions you've had in  your mind that begin, &quot;I wonder why...&quot;
B00000J7J4|1.0|I know a lot of people are going to disagree with me, but I did not get why this album won so many Grammys. I'm sorry, but this is some of Santana's poorest work. Out of all his albums this is BY FAR the WORST! Why  do I want to pay for a Santana album to hear other people sing?<br /> Sorry,  but if you are going to buy a Santana album, don't make it this one!<br /> I  give this one star for his somewhat effort on &quot;Smooth&quot;.
B000031XCR|5.0|She has a good voice.  But she is from Canada so what do you expect a Brooklyn accent?
B00002E233|1.0|As one of the biggest Jaws fans around, I had hoped for another interesting movie about sharks. Unfortunately, this is neither. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Poor story, poor acting and even poor  special effects. The effects are better on video games. I am surprised  Samuel L. Jackson would aggree to this. Stay far away from this one, you  are safer in the water!
B00000FBRE|5.0|i was told about lagwagon by a friend, i bought duh and lets talk about feeling and they both rock. if you are looking for a more raw punk sound go for duh but if you are looking for a more lyricly complete album with  melodic songs this is the one for you
6305313687|5.0|This is one of those impact movies that everyone must see. It shows the dark side of the human race. I would recommend this, Schindler's List and Boyz in the Hood to anyone. Three impact movies that make you think.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|When I saw &quot;The Matrix,&quot; I thought I would never see a movie that could beat it.  I was wrong.  I had seen previews for &quot;Fight Club&quot; for almost a year.  When I finally found a theater showing it, I  bought a ticket.  The movie was good enough for me to see it four times.   The more I think about the movie, the more I see it happening in the real  world.  We are under control by businesses and corporations, and we need to  let the world know it's not what we want.  While going to the extremes this  movie did is not advised, I believe this movie tells people to stand up for  themselves.
B000001DYJ|3.0|I don't know about the rest of you, but I am sick &amp; tired of Kiss repeating the same songs over &amp; over.  For example, Detroit Rock City &amp; Rock &amp; Roll all Nite, have appeared on at least 5 of their  albums.  The reason Kiss has over 20 albums to their credit is due mainly  to &quot;greatest hit&quot; compilations &amp; &quot;live&quot; material.   I love Kiss, and Alive III, but stop recycling your songs.  Alive III  should have included the following instead:  I Was Made..., Naked City,  Creatures..., I Love it Loud, I Still Love You, War Machine, Lick It Up,  All Hells Breaking Loose, Thrills in the Night, Under the Gun, King of the  Mountain, Tears are Falling, Unholy &amp; Domino, just to hit the high  points.
0385486804|2.0|This book has too many flashbacks and flash forwards.  I was expecting the gritty, hour by hour terror of the author's Into Thin Air.  I was sorely disappointed.  I suggest you read Into Thin Air, instead.
6304432461|5.0|Brillant! Brillant ! Brillant ! Hans Gruber/Alan Rickman is fantastically mean and John McLane/Bruce Willis amazing and very professional!
6300213714|5.0|The Warriors is a classic 'Escape from New York' type film replete with pre-drug era gangs decked out in color coordinated outfits. I especially liked the gang in the baseball uniforms and make-up...what a bunch of  goons! In fact, their chase scene through Central Park with the baseball  bats was pretty scary to watch. Surprisingly, this film has held up very  well over the last twenty years. A little cheesy at times by 21st century  standards, but fun to watch nonetheless. (The members of The Warriors look  a lot like the characters from TV's 'Welcome Back Kotter'). I hope this  title is eventually released on DVD. It's definately a classic 70's movie.
6305627401|4.0|LET'S FACE IT, YOU EITHER FIND SOUTH PARK IMMATURE AND INSULTING, OR YOU LAUGH AT IT UNTIL IT HURTS.  THIS FILM HELPS MOST PEOPLE FALL INTO THE LATTER CATEGORY. IT'S NOT PERFECT- CHEF'S HARDLY IN IT, THE SONGS CAN GET A  BIT GRATING AND... WELL, THAT'S IT.  IF YOUR FAVOURITE FILM IS THE ENGLISH  PATIENT, STAY AWAY.  IF YOU CAN ACCEPT THIS FILM AT FACE VALUE, YOU'LL  ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I DO!
B00000J7S8|5.0|It is a rare album that grabs you the moment it starts - much less sustains that enchantment.  This is one.  Simply fabulous
B000002GF8|5.0|This is their most commercial album, and my least favorite. I remember giving away my copy 3 months later after its release. It sounds as if the guys were &quot;goofing off&quot; on the first side, then  &quot;decided&quot; to &quot;grow up&quot; on side 2. One could tell that  this was obviously their last album. My favorite tracks are &quot;O My  God&quot;,and &quot;Wrapped Around Your Finger&quot;. I read one review of  this album in which the writer stated that the album sounded &quot;like  Sting rehearsing for his solo career&quot;,and that the two compositions  from the other band members sound as if they were trying to &quot;sabotage  the album&quot;.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|What happens when a rich young lady, who plays match-maker to her friends, gets happily matched herself?  &quot;Emma&quot; is just what happens.  This rendition may not be as true-to-the-book as hard-core Austen fans might  want it to be, but it sure does justice to it by lending more witty  dialogues, especially between Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam.  This,  plus excellent musical selections more than made up for the changes from  the book.  Two downsides on the DVD, (1) non-anamorphic widescreen and (2)  Dolby surround only (instead of DD 5.1).
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you have never heard of Metallica, or have never heard on of their songs... GO GET A LIFE, MAN!  But if you have, but have always though that they where just another heavy metal band, you are dead wrong, Bro!   Metallica has got to be the Original Inivation Band!  If you ever actually  listen to the cords the band plays, or if you have ever listened to the  lyrics, you would know this.  But if you have not ever really listened to  Metallica before, and are interested in good, well defined bands, BUY THIS  CD!  It is am great starter CD for non-Metalists, which will lead you to  such great Metallica albums like &quot;The Black Album&quot;,  &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;ReLoad!&quot;
B000002ADT|5.0|Sure, Miles named another album &quot;The Birth of Cool&quot;.  For my money, an whole new era began (and had its zenith) with the release of this massive piece of work.<br />With an all-star line-up, bolstered by Julian  &quot;Cannonball&quot; Adderley and John Coltrane, this is without question  the coolest album ever to be recorded.  Great solos, intertwined among each  other, moving seamlessly from one to the other.  The music ebbs and flows  like a cool stream.<br />Legend has it that this was literally a first-take;  done without any rehearsal, which moves the greatness of this album into a  whole new (and until then) unoccupied tax bracket.<br />If you know nothing  about jazz, this is without question the place to start.  If you don't  think you like jazz, this is worth a listen.  Try it; you'll like it!  Even  in a music  collection without any other jazz, this is the one album to  have.  Listening to it will make you want to explore Miles and his  compatriots more and more.  Any collection of music would be incomplete  without it.  &quot;So What&quot; and &quot;All Blues&quot; are first among  equals here.<br />Nothing better!
B00000JPH5|5.0|The Labyrinth is an excellent video with all the right elements of fantasy and fright for the young.  It ia a movie I truly love and can never get sick of.  David Bowie as the Goblin King is excellent because he has that  certain sinister yet trusting feel or appearance.  The story itself can be  related to a number of different circumstances in many people's lives.  For  example, we sometimes wish so badly for something because we know that in  reality we can never have it.  But sometimes, we are faced with the  opportunity TO have it, but then we don't want it.  Now how true is that?
6301008944|5.0|I thought this was one of the most hilarous movies I ever saw. I was actually babysitting when I saw it. Now, I'm mad because they aren't producing it anymore, but it is so cool. I thought Brad and Darrell were so  funny, I about died laughing!
0140186395|5.0|Best Steinbeck novel and best novel I have ever read (several times)
6303114946|5.0|I just wanna say for all the critics who bagged on this movie when it came out I have to laugh at you..This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen!   I haven't been this touched in a very long time since Forrest  Gump..If you play chess and haven't seen this one your gonna get moved off  the very seat you sit in.  I won't go into details anymore about it because  I could rave on for hours about it..  Just buy it and thank me later...10  stars without a doubt and should have been nominated for the oscar that  year!
B0000025DD|4.0|The relaxed, easy-going sound to album opener \\"Mihalis\\" sets the tone for the rest of David Gilmour's first solo album. Despite being away from Pink Floyd -- or perhaps because of his work with Pink Floyd -- there's  a familiarity to these nine songs that prove Gilmour's immense worth to  that band. From the grainy, almost boring cover shot of the album to the  overall mellow sound, Gilmour seemed to be looking to counter his main band's bloatedness. The lack of hype makes this album all the more attractive. There's no spiraling, out-of-control madness or references to World War II; it's just straightforward, cozy guitar instrumentals and good songs. On \\"No Way\\" -- the album's best song -- Gilmour's lyrics demonstrate his headstrong manner of never giving up, both within and outside of Pink Floyd. Other great riffers include \\"Cry from the Streets\\" and \\"It's Deafinitely,\\" a more up-tempo instrumental with lightly warped guitars at the beginning. \\"I Can't Breathe Anymore\\" reveals a trapped and claustrophobic musician, a guy who had to do his own thing for at least one album. There's no doubt this is a highly personal album, both  musically and lyrically. Gilmour's voice is as smooth as ever and his signature style on guitar carries the album much further than any of Roger Water's solo efforts have ever done for him. All in all, a solid effort from a legendary musician.
0783240503|5.0|Well, I must admit I am not a fan of Stage shows recorded on video e.g CATS. But Cats was done beautifully and so is JOSEPH. The color and look of it is outstanding. The newly developed sets and scenery are a real feast  for the eyes. It's much more dazzling than the stage revival. Andrew Lloyd  Webber should be proud with the final product. But I hope with the rest of  his stage shows stay like that, a stage show and not made into a movie,  unless it is done well. In my last few words all I can say is that this  video is great and nobody performs the role of Joseph like Donny Osmond  can, I give five out of five stars. Brilliant!
6304925131|1.0|After reading the novel I ran out and rented this movie. I thought that such a great book will also be a great movie... not even close. The movie was did not live up to what I expected, it cut out a lot of what was great  about the book and how it built up to the events that took place. My advice  to you if you want to see this movie, see it first then read the book,  you'll see what I mean.
B000002UAC|5.0|I've read most of the reviews below, and it seems most are doing no more than using this space to air their personal bias about the Beatles. A true shame for those who have never heard this album. <br />Just for the record:  this album catches the Beatles at the first flush of their incredible rise  in popularity, and balances their years of experience playing clubs with  the freshness of riding the first wave of British Beatlemania. The British  public had finally caught on to the Beatles' incredible sound, and the  Beatles responded, on this album and Hard Days's Night, with an adreniline  rush that is very evident in the grooves (oops, I mean bitstream).  <br />Anyone who knows anything about the early Beatles knows very well that  they weren't about silly suits, any more than they were about writing deep  lyrics. They were really about music and consolidating all their wonderful  influences (R&amp;B, Motown, Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Buddy Holly, Carl  Perkins, Elvis, great showtunes) into a wonderful new sound. They were  about delivering the finest rock vocals and harmony that those British  listeners had every heard.  They were about doing their own interpertations  of their favorite artists' songs, many times unwittingly blowing the  originals away! They were about writing the best songs they could possibly  write. Listen carefully to the quality of the individual voices, the  quality of the harmonies, and the excitement of the production on this  album, and see if you don't get it: the Beatles were, and are, a true  musical phenomenon. <br />It is absurd to say that this doesn't compare to  their later work. While growth and change WAS the Beatles, and there is  great merit in every phase of their career, there is no way that the later  works could match the sense of discovery and excitement that this album  conveys. You only expode on the scene once, and this album captures that  explosion with the style, grace and musicality that only the Beatles had.They will always have their detractors; there will always be those who do  not have the ears to hear, but for the rest of you, if you miss out on this  classic, it's your loss, and you only have yourselves to blame.<br />p.s. This  album, possibly more than any of the others, begs for a true remix/remaster  from the original four-track session tapes. The latest  technology would  allow the drums and bass to be moved forward and centered and the voices to  fill more of the stereo spectrum. The old mono master tapes were used for  this original CD release, and the trasfer was done at the beginning of  1987(and was a horrible trasfer by 1987 standards!). The technology has  come a long way since then. Capital, please let us hear these songs the way  they could be heard. I have the original Mobile Fidelity vinyl box, and I  KNOW how good this can really sound. Don't deprive us any longer!
B000002GJ7|4.0|I admit, Nuno is absolutely amazing... but he didn't play Flight of the Wounded BumbleBee.  Dweezle Zappa did, check the sleeve. And yes, it's an amazing CD, I highly recomend it.
0385493800|2.0|This is the fifth Grisham book I have read, and so far, the worst. I am still a fan, and will continue to read his works, but I hope this book was an exception. There is little of the law-related drama that Grisham is so  talented in describing. Instead, mostly a monotonous story about a journey  through the Brazilian backwaters. While Grisham has a flair for  story-telling, this type of action/adventure is not his forte. The high  points in the novel belong almost exclusively to the descriptions of the  Phelan family and their respective lawyers (Grisham seems to be  particularly talented at bringing the law industry to the level of the  layperson). I did enjoy following the evolution of the main character, but  not enough to carry the book. That combined with the lack of legal drama  made it a fairly dull read. I bought it because of a six-hour layover - I  was as glad when I got through the book as I was about getting on my plane.  And on the plane it stayed; it really doesn't belong on my bookcase. I just  started The Runaway Jury ... my faith in Grisham may be restored.
0425129586|5.0|Agatha Christie tied a psychological thriller to a physical mystery involving real people.  The murderer in this story  used physical weapons, like pistols and poison to do some of his/her crimes.  He also, however,  used psychological weapons.  The psychological weapons consisted of fear,  guilt, and the like.  Agatha Christie's book had psychological and  almost superstitious happenings, because the characters sometimes weren't  exactly sure if the killer was human or otherwise.  It also happened that  physical things, like model Indians being taken off a table caused  psychological feelings, like fear and panic.  This book is indeed well  written.  The sign of a good author is one that can take an old concept,  like the plot of this book, and turn it into a delightful mystery thriller.  I would recommend this book to anyone that likes a quick but complex book.  If you like a Sherlock Holmes story, this book is for you.
B00001U0E1|5.0|This highly lyrical and handsomely produced period movie has beautiful music and cinematography as well as great performances by a top-drawer ensemble cast. If you are the kind of viewer that is aching for smart  dialogue and great acting, then this movie is for you. One of the most  highly romantic movies of recent times, but still manages to get some  laughs. The climax is great and the closest you can get to reproducing  those times. I loved this movie the first time I saw it, now i've seen it 5  times and I can sense a certain cinematic 'magic' that, with the years,  will make this movie a Masterpiece. Highly recommended. From a scale of  1-10 I give it a 10!
B000003BF4|5.0|Whats wrong with that guy at amazon who wrote the &quot;editorial review&quot;? is he joking? he probably had a fight with his wife that day! Dont listen to him. This is the BEST stones album, live or not. This is the  stones at their best. The studio versions sound dull and boring in  comparision with this album.
6305627401|4.0|This movie is great for South Park fans. I had never seen an episode before, and I had never laughed so much in a movie. Besides being really funny and really entertaining, it's actually a musical with catchy songs  and lyrics that would insult anyone. I recommend this movie if you want to  spend a really funny and fun time. If you do not like crude humor, you  probably won't get it. If you were doubting wether to get this movie or  not, it comes, at least, highly recommended by me. From a scale of 1-10 I  give it an 8!
B00000J7S8|4.0|I'm a big fan of Diana Krall and have all her CDs. But this one, although good, is not her best because it does not highlight her playing as much as previous albums. I think her playing is getting way overlooked. Her voice,  however, is great as always.
B000002KB8|5.0|I think you can count on one hand the truely great and defining pieces of work in Rock history. Black Sabbath's self titled debut is one of them. It stands as the birth of heavy metal.  This is as important to heavy metal  music as The Beatles Sgt Peppers album is to concept rock. The way to tell  that it truely is a masterpiece is to just look at its predecessors.Was  there anything of its kind before its release? Hell no!Black Sabbath first  album must have had the same effect in 1970 that Eddie Van Halen had in  &quot;78&quot; when people first heard his guitar. Amazing.
6305161879|4.0|I have seen this movie in VHS, Beta, and now on DVD.  I found it to be an excellent transfer of a supremely funny movie. My only regret is there were no SPECIAL features. Hence 4 stars instead of 5
B000005YZM|5.0|My girlfriend Sarah has a best-of-the-Zombies collection on CD, and I have this album.  After listening to both (the only song they have in common is &quot;Time of the Season&quot;) we both agreed I'd gotten the better deal  for my money.  This edition of the CD has more tracks than mine does;  perhaps I'll give her this one for her upcoming birthday.
B00000DGXN|4.0|A great album with a tremendous amount to offer the listener.  Recently received the Grammy for Jazz Instrumental Individual/Group, and it certainly deserved it.  Burton, Metheny, and Corea play off each other  marvelously, weaving a hypnotic tapestry of music against a solid rhythm  section which will delight the listener every time he or she plays this  disc.  These cats sound great, and the disc is solid from start to finish,  no need for the &quot;next track&quot; button here.  Add to shopping cart.
B000002UCQ|4.0|...he might have gone on to be a solo star in his own right rather than merely an ex-Beatle.  However, he chose to use his albums mainly to proseletyse for his Hindu faith, and he got unjustly forgotten.  I for one  find it telling that Harrison was the first Beatle to score a solo number  one hit (&quot;My Sweet Lord/Isn't It A Pity&quot;).  This album is not  flawless -- the entire second disc is utterly forgettable -- but the songs  &quot;What Is Life,&quot; &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; &quot;Behind That  Locked Door,&quot; and &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; indicate that George  Harrison was an able songwriter, a gifted guitarist, and a strong  rock-and-roll star in his own right as well as in his role as a Beatle.   Perhaps not &quot;not to be missed,&quot; but decidedly worthwhile.
0399103422|5.0|The classic story of the Corleone reign during the 1970s, and one of the defining novels on the Cosa Nostra. Puzo's tale of power and family is, in a word, fantastic, bringing to life the workings of a close-knit Italian  clan and the deadly stuggle of the Don in his position in the underworld.  The movie is incredible, and the book is even better. Must read.
B000000643|4.0|...but it's still a worthwhile album.  &quot;Cajun Woman&quot; and &quot;Si Tu De Partir&quot; are primarily fun, and &quot;Million Dollar Bash,&quot; about a distinctively American phenomenon, rings awkward in a  British venue.  On the other hand, &quot;A Sailor's Life&quot; inspired me  to describe the album as sounding like Joan Baez singing lead for the Doors  while Flatt and Scruggs sit in on instruments.  That one song is about  twice as long as it should be, but while Sandy Denny is singing it, it  could wring tears from a stone.  This was also the first rock album with  broad appeal to utilize fiddle and mandolin as lead instruments; if you  find this evocative, I highly recommend the album &quot;Year of the  Dog&quot; by Wolfstone, a much harder-edged sound, but very similar in many  respects.
B000002E5J|5.0|Incredible! I just can't get enough of this! Shakira is so beautiful, and she sings like a little latina goddess.        All the songs are very good , and the music is superb.If you are burned out on today's sound, just slap  this tape in and it will re-awaken you to the joy of music.
6302891272|5.0|The story of Macbeth is firmly rooted in western minds in Birnam Wood, and this is well-portrayed in Roman Polanski's version of the tale (q.v.).  Akira Kurosawa, however, who was long a fan of Western culture over his  native Japanese society, has translated it well for the feudal Japanese  setting into which he injects it.  It loses some of the beauty of  Shakespeare's original language, as a previous review suggested, but the  story drives along at a pleasing clip and the characters pop off the screen  and stick with you.  Toshiro Mifune's portrayal of the warlord Washizu is  much more pleasing to this viewer than his role in &quot;Yojimbo,&quot; the  movie that made him a star.  One note of intrest only to people like  myself: this movie is worthless for practising Japanese.  The  &quot;nihongo&quot; in this movie is out of date and doesn't jibe with what  you get in your college courses.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This album sees Alanis at her most encapsulating. She has yet again proved that she is one of the most thought provoking songwriters of our generation. The songs &quot;Princes familliar&quot; and &quot;King of  pain&quot; should definitely be credited as genius. Alanis' vocals onthis  album are spine tingling, and her hauntingly chilling delivery of &quot; I  was hoping&quot; is second to none. I was quite dubious of this album at  first as I was dissapointed with Supposed former infactuation junkie as it  did not seem to have the same quality  as Jagged little pill. This  compilation however is possibly one of the albums of the year. I think that  the next move for Alanis should be a duet with Jewel, how cool would that  be!
B000001FCB|5.0|When I purchased this CD I knew I was going for something masterful. Jobim and Elis are two of the best artists not only in Brazilian Music but in humam history. The combination couldn't be better. However, as the CD began  to play I was astonished. The result was beyond my expectations. Elis is  sensitive, passionate, clear, funny and absolutely in tune. Jobim's  compositions are genius. Here I saw all the bounderies of music style  vanishing. Some of these songs could easily be placed together with  Schubert, Wolf and Strauss in a classical voice recital. The sound quality  is just amazing considering the recording date. It is certainly one of the  best CDs I've ever bought and one of the best examples of music making.
B000003EPN|5.0|Rigoletto is a problematic opera... it's so vividly beautiful it almost sings itself so how can you choose amongst all the gazillion recordings out there? I'd never dare say only one was worth buying... but after all these  years, I still come back to this one as my definitive version. Anna Moffo's  Gilda is amazing... soft and vulnerable, lingering lovingly on high  notes... she's touchingly innocent but a deeply felt young woman, not a  child. I simply love Robert Merrill's forceful golden richness... his  Rigoletto sounds layers deep and his anguish most especially heartfelt.  Alfredo Kraus IS the best-ever Duke, no question. His light aristocratic  tenor is perfect casting; the seductive youth and irresponsibility and  cruelty of the Duke's character are wonderfully present in his voice... The  quartet Bella figlia d'amore on this recording with Elias as Magdalena is  still unmatchable. Solti must be the real hero of this version because  everyone sounds so perfectly and artistically tuned into the music and the  story, orchestra and singers alike. The pace is wonderfully compelling and  powerful.
6302548195|5.0|It has been a while since I watched Pumping iron. I would like to see the movie again, but I am having a hard time trying to get a hold of the video tape. I wand the tape bad!
B00000IGGA|5.0|........ Tom Waits' Mule Variations - Contemporary Folk Album of the Year.  I'm thinking that a lot of people who have never appreciated Waits' work may begin to now, after the Grammy award.  It's never too late.<br />This is a  great recording.  A very interesting screenplay could be culled from the  quirky &quot;What's He Building In There.&quot;  Sung by almost any of the  current generic pop stars, whose voices all sound identical, &quot;Hold  On&quot; would be a huge commercial hit.<br />Add this one to your CD  collection.  It may take a few listens, but it will grab you by the heart,  and throat.
B00000DGUG|5.0|this album is far better than the first and that album is brilliant. i agree the first time i heard the album i didnt know what to think but after about 5 listenings i was hooked. songs such as Joining you ,one,front row  ,baba,cant not, and i was hoping and pritty much every thing are  classics.songs such as are u still mad sympathetic charictor and would not  come take a long long time to get used to but when you do they rock.if you  listened to it once and said you hated it listen to it again and i  guarantee you will be hooked too.               e mail me
B00003CWPR|2.0|The sad thing about Stanley Kubric's career was the importance placed on absolutely every frame of every film he ever made.  As this was his final opus many wanted to see the closing chapter in a perplexing drama about an  auteur who never sold out.  Eyes Wide Shut wasn't that film, in fact the  direction is heavy handed, the acting stilted and false, and the script was  loathsome and terrible at it's absolute best.  For those who didn't get it,  or don't understand the film, where were you?  Eyes Wide Shut is so heavy  handed from start to finish that it is just plain boring. There are some  beautiful sequences, some thought provoking concepts, some nice imagery,  definately, but why is everyone so afraid to say that it just wasn't that  good? I have to point out how stupid it is to release on DVD a censored  version of the film (at least we saw the real one here in Australia)! And  not in widescreen either.  How rediculous.
0399134204|4.0|I thought this book was very well written. It was slightly hard to follow in some situations, because it jumps around a lot, but it's worth trying out. I'd advise it to anyone interested in cultures and historical views.
B0000009SY|5.0|Where do I start? This album is pure genius. All these songs are musically intense and complex, yet he throws in his own unmistakable humor that will leave you both hysterical and sentimental at once. I really wish more guys  had the balls to make records like this. Of course, if you're a listener  who is more concerned in looking cool while your listening to something,  then you can skip this in a second; and good riddance. On this record,  Frank satirizes how the public labels rock and roll as the devil nowadays.  And it's amazingly scary how ahead of his time he was. Aside from all the  humor and irony in his lyrics, Frank and his band are amazing as always.  &quot;Watermelon In Easter Hay&quot; is a truly awesome guitar solo, that  every guitarist should get a chance to hear. What makes this album truly  unique is how you can sit down for the entire length of the album and get  totally lost in the music. Sitting down and reading along with the lyrics  while listening to it is an amazing experience the first time around. It's  almost like watching a movie in a way, except with legendary musicianship  and unmatched satirical humor. So if you've never had a chance to sit down  and get enveloped in Frank's music, buy this album and it'll change the way  you think about what rock and roll should really be. And for Zappa fans, do  I really have to reccomend this album to you?  Either way, this is a  classic compilation that undoubtedly deserves a spot in your CD collection.  Enjoy this cuz' they don't make em' like this anymore!
B000002AS3|5.0|This is by far my best album. How great Morning Glory and Be Here Now might be, Definitly Maybe, is so wild, hard, and melodious that it strikes them out. You can really feel that Oasis wants to let it out in their  debut. Even better, the album includes the best song Noel ever made, Live  Forever. Also Slide Away sits high upon the throne. For those who love the  oldies (Rolling Stones, The Beatles) should appriciate this album. Those  who love Oasis can't miss this masterpiece.
B00000IO4J|5.0|In a world filled with excellent horror films (Scream, Scream 2, Scream 3, I Know What You Did Last Summer, etc.) The Faculty is easily overlooked. My cousin stated that this movie is horrible and that I should never see it.  After I watched this movie the other day I loved it and immediately  purchased it. It's acting is outstnding (including its put-downs) and the  way the characters match and mingle is just amazing. This is the most  unprediactable film I have ever witnessed and I couldn't believe half the  scenes. This movie is one of my all-time favorite horror flicks and I  recommend it to anyone.
0670451495|5.0|Classics get to be that way for a reason, because they are great books!  My sons just love this book, as I did as a child.  The wonderful story of how Mr. and Mrs. Mallard found a home is really fun to read.  I also like  it that this book is set in the city---it's hard to find good picture books  for city dwelling kids.  Many kid's book seem to assume that everyone lives  in idealized suburbia.  My older son loves the names of the  ducklings---kids getting close to reading seem to love to play with rhymes,  and it's fun to say Jack, Kack, Lack and on up to Quack!  I wish you happy  reading of this one!
0792152328|1.0|There are two reasons I refuse to watch this movie.  First: it got far too much hype.  It's been my experience that recent movies of such immense popularity usually fall into the &quot;Incredibly Overrated&quot; category  (Forest Gump, Braveheart, etc.).  I attribute this phenomenon to the  ridiculously low standards of the average schmuck.  The second reason I  won't watch this film: Mr. Leonardo Di Caprio.  It wouldn't bother me that  chicks really dig this guy if he was really worth the fuss.  A young Paul  Newman or even Tom Cruise are a lot more handsome than this lightweight  pretty boy.  I can only hope that most of us will someday wake up and  realize what an atrocious actor this punk is.  I liked him a lot better  when he was on Growing Pains;  At least then I could take pleasure in the  fact that Di Caprio was constantly upstaged by another atrocious actor,  Kirk Cameron.
0553573403|1.0|Maybe I am too young to read this and cannot acknowledge George R. R. Martin's style of writing others can.  I find this book very disorganized and hard to follow.  I had to refer to the back of the book several times.  Each of the chapters are well written, but he changes the subject just as  everything is about to get exciting!  He could at least have TWO CHAPTERS  on the same person!  But no, he just has to keep changing and changing and  changing.  I absolutely abhor it!  It's like getting someone excited only  to turn them down at the end.  I didn't even bother skimming the book to  read the end.  There are so many characters and each have their own  chapter.  This book is like putting numerous stories together!  What the  other reviewers see in this book I don't know.  If you decide to buy this  book, brace yourself.  For the disgusting parts, the disorganization and  switching of stories.
B00000JCOV|5.0|to rate this amazing cd.  First off, 9 guys int he band!   nine!  its like having an orchestra, only this musik blows you away.  Every single member makes a huge contribution.  Like they said, not one band member has missed  a practice, they need everybody.  The hard sound to this album and the  vocals awesome.  They make LB, Korn (even old Korn) look like wimps.  A  problem I notice with most hard metal/hardcore punk/death metal musik, is  that its way too dirty and scratchy.  Hardcore is great, but eventually, it  get's annoying when the singer cant sing at all, and their yelling is  annoying and when all of the guitar riffs are just mush.  Slipknot is  totally different, there sound is clean, yet hard.  You can tell what Corey  is singing, even when he's screaming his lungs out.  And you can feel the  rhythm and the melody in the numerous guitars.  The songs are also  unpredictable, they have you leading on a certain rhthym, then all of a  sudden the sound changes, my favorite of this is &quot;purity&quot;.   &quot;wait and bleed&quot; is on the radio and it is an amazing song, the  change in pitch and the melody is awesome.  awesome lyrics too, my  favorite:  &quot;I am the very disease you pretend to be, I am the push  that makes you move&quot; That's all, buy this cd and let the world feel  the power of 9 guys from the great state of Iowa.
B00000DLUV|5.0|I was born in 1973 when they where still playing and i am now 27 years old and this cd is very very good. I LOVE IT!
B000002UCQ|5.0|The music is great. George is an excellent songwriter and musician. The album really needs to be remastered though, as the sound quality is kind of weak.
B000002GBD|5.0|If someone were to argue that Nazareth is one of the greatest rock bands ever, Hair of the Dog would be Exhibit 1. The vocals are amazing. The singer is extremely powerful both in vocal strength and emotion. What a  combo!
6305750750|3.0|This movie was a good starting plot for the six films.  We have some old characters, some that were alluded to in 4, 5, and 6 and alos ones that we are sure to see in the next two.  I, like many other viewers had a big  problem with Jar Jar but hey, be optimistic.  He isn't in the last three so  he could be on the casualty list.  Maybe Anakin gets tired of his antics,  embraces the dark side and slaughters him.       Otherwise, we should  ratethis film not in relation to the other three, but as a seperate film  altogether.  It was a good kids film, accessible to hardcore fans and  casual viewers.  The problem that I think most people had was that their  anticipation was held too high after over 15 years wait and they didn't get  what they expected.
6301966015|5.0|Right now, &quot;Red Desert&quot; is the only Michelangelo Antonioni film available on DVD and that is a crime.  MGM, a major company, released &quot;Blow-Up&quot; on VHS a long time ago, but they (or whoever now owns  the distribution rights) refuse to release this masterpiece of color and  sound (and silence) on the superior format that it deserves.  Hack films  are released every week and I am still waiting for this English-language  masterpiece from Antonioni.  PLEASE RELEASE &quot;BLOW-UP&quot; ON DVD!
B000002LBH|5.0|im sorry bundy but you are sadly mistaken.  from oscillate wildy to asleep some of the best Smiths tunes are present- ever heardthis night has opened my eyes?  only 1 song is bad on here and the smiths didnt even write it-  golden lights- and even that is ok sometimes.  this was my first smiths  album whic i picked up for 2 quid, and it is probably still the best value  for money. especially considering i bought it for charming man- and it  bloody well wasnt on it! doh!
B00000254Q|4.0|amigos is a cd that requires multiple listening for the fine points. No air time promo limited its acceptance. Also Marathon and Moonflower far surpass it for excitement. There was too much out as the time for it to  sell (including the BGs).
6302054982|5.0|Martin Scorcese is one of the finest directors of all time. He truly loves film and has fantastic insight into its history. In &quot;Goodfellas&quot; he blows apart the romance of the mob. No &quot;Sopranos&quot; or  &quot;Godfather&quot; here (although &quot;Godfather I&quot; is  perfection). Scorcese never telegraphs where a scene is going. Note the  ghastly opening sequence. I saw this film in the movies, and the restaurant  scene with Joe Pesci (I'm here to amuse you?, etc.) made me feel as if I  was right there with all the feelings of outright fear. No film since the  prisoner-of-war sequence in &quot;The Deerhunter,&quot; where they play  Russian roulette has made me feel this way. Unfortunately, the extreme  visceral experience probably works best in a movie theatre.  &quot;Goodfellas&quot; shows a violent, dangerous world that makes me proud  to be a &quot;working stiff sucker,&quot; a type of berating of honest  citizens usually found in these types of movies. Prepare yourself for an  intense experience by one of the master directors of cinema.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This CD is awesome. I liked some of the Fugees' songs but never really thought about buying her solo CD. I barely knew who she was. Then I heard some of the songs from my friend's CD and I fell in love. I bought the CD  and listened to the whole thing. It was great. All the songs are wonderful.  Lauryn has a beautiful voice. Some of the songs are religious, but they are  not pushy. I still listen to it almost every day. Her CD is one of my  favorites. I just cant wait until she releases another one!
B00001QEE7|5.0|Out of all the Disney movies out there this one ranks as one of the best I have seen. I didn't hesitate spending the money on this one. Loved the widescreen format but would have liked to have seen a special features  section for the price.
0060207051|5.0|Goodnight moon is an excellent bedtime story for preschool age children. In the story, to postpone his own slumber a little bunny says goodnight to everything within his sight, toys in his room, animals outside the stars and the moon. I liked this book very much the slowly darkening pictures are  sure to put little ones to sleep, the way the story ends in a whisper only  adds to this dulling effect. Overall a very good story.
B00001QEE7|5.0|Out of all the Disney movies out there this one ranks as one of the best I have seen. I didn't hesitate spending the money on this one. Loved the widescreen format but would have liked to have seen a special features  section for the price.
1558807381|5.0|AS usual, the professional movie reviewers have no idea what to think of a fantasy film.  It is beautifully filmed, that they agree on, but the point of the movie is lost on them.  Not so myself.  The play of light between  the good characters is perfect:  Jack and Lily, Lily and the unicorn, Jack  and the elves, especially Gump.  They are loving folk with playful hearts,  and the courage to face what might destroy their happiness.  Lily is  probably the bravest film princess I've ever seen.  These displays of good  are built alongside and contrasting to the fabulous evil of Tim Curry's  Darkness and his despicable servants.  I would pay a lot to see the  European release;  there are clues all over the American release of what  was cut from the storyline.  What is that globe the Gump holds?  Why does  the bucket-headed elf have a goat or pig's hoof instead of a hand?  Anyway, this is a marvelous film, and just because the story doesn't drill  its way into your head like a crusader's mace doesn't mean it's a bad film.
B000002TQB|5.0|Oh man, this is just one of the BEST albums!  I have to say that I'm always going back and forth between the album &quot;Blur&quot; (The one with the &quot;woo-hoo&quot; song on it) and &quot;Parklife&quot; for my  favorite Blur album.  I really wish they got more attention over here and  more radio play because they always kick out great songs.     &quot;Parklife&quot; is thoroughly enjoyable.  I especially like  &quot;Tracy Jacks,&quot; &quot;End of a Century&quot; and &quot;Girls and  Boys.&quot;  And of course that ubiquitous title tune,  &quot;Parklife.&quot;  Damon Albarn isn't afraid to sound silly and really  plays up that whole quaint-but-cocky British thing.  This album is really a  fun piece of work; you need to own it and love it!    One more note:  I  saw Blur back in 1997 in this tiny lame club in Seattle (I'm sure they were  humiliated because they place was so small and filled with teenyboppers)  but they put on a GREAT show, the best live show I've ever seen.  They're  teriffic showmen and just darn fine musicians.  Get &quot;Parklife&quot;  and everything else they've done, they are great!
B0000011AP|5.0|This album is killer!  Seriously, this is one of the true lost classics of the 70s.  If it does sound derivative at times, at least it's derivative of all the right bands.  If you're a fan of Zeppelin, the Faces, or Free, you  will find yourself mightily impressed by the strength of this album and be  left to wonder why in the hell you haven't heard it before now.  Viva  Leafhound!
0380002930|5.0|Richard Adams has skillfully crafted a simple fairy-tale into a wonderfully touching book. On face value, it is easily dismissable, due to the subject matter but the level of depth Adams delves into is amazing.  Full of chases and escapes, danger in all forms, be it man, animal or  fellow rabbit (poetically symbolic), the book is set against the amazingly  descriptive background of Adams' England. The last 100 pages will leave you  in breathless anticipation, and the epilogue will move you.  Far superior  to its sequal, do not miss this book at any age.
0790731452|2.0|If that is true then I certainly don't have because I thought this movie was simply not funny.  Sure there are a couple of amusing moments, but if you throw enough mud some of it is bound to stick!  If you saw the trailer  then you will have already seen the best moments of the film.  I know it's  satire and I get the jokes - they're just not funny!  If you like spoofs  then you'll probably enjoy this,  if you don't then steer clear.
0767851900|5.0|I'm sick of the the bad mouthing of this movie. It has a very positive message, promotes religion, and  is funny as hell.  I recommend it to anyone who is curious enough to watch it, and don't worry.  God won't  punish you
B000002H70|5.0|Disintergration came out when I was 13.  I am now 23 and it is still one of my favorite albums of all time.  The album is never repetitive or boring.  Robert Smith's sings with so much emotion and pain, it is almost  heartbreaking to listen to the album entire.   The music is so haunting and  well written it is almost like he is telling something so traumatic that  you almost feel honored that he is sharing his pain with you.  My brother,  sister and I have been faithful fans for over 10 years.  In todays music  world, there is noone who even compares to the talent of Robert Smith and  The Cure.   I am very happy to see with this record, The Cure got the  recgnition they so richly derserve.  Thank You Robert Smith for making such  beautiful, heartfelt, perfect music.  Those of us who appreciate your music  and talent are better for it. There are some devoted fans in California  that will always love your music.
B000009CEM|4.0|A fantastic development for Fear Factory.  A concept album which tells the story of a future world, aggressive opening tracks `Shock' and `Edgecrusher' telling the tale of the fight against oppression culminating  in the sad finale `Timelessness'. The story behind the fantastic tracks is  an important one, technology does not replace spirituality. And  `Ressurection' is one helluva track.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica has released one of the greatest sets of covers ever seen in awhile; the only other comparison I can make for cover music is what Dream Theater did on their &quot;A Change Of Seasons&quot; EP.  The standout  songs on this are &quot;Die My Darling&quot;, &quot;Astronomy&quot;,  &quot;Turn The Page&quot; and, above all else, &quot;WHISKEY IN THE  JAR&quot;.  There's a REASON Metallica got a Grammy for this song...  It's  a rockin' memory in a GOOD way of the unfortunate death of Thin  Lizzy-singer Phil Linott's death, and a reminder that the double-guitar  attack of Thin Lizzy is still valid in this day of minimalist,  electronica-infused rock.  Old-time Metallica fans will love the second CD,  feature Metallica returning to the sounds of old with re-releases of the  songs on the original &quot;Garage Days Revisited&quot;, and new Metallica  fans will love the first CD for the current take during Metallica Mark III.  This kind of a nod to their diversifying fan-base, old and new, is only  overshadowed by the release of &quot;S&amp;M&quot;, proving once again that  the Metallikats are willing to go where few other bands are:  Into new,  unexplored territory for their &quot;accepted&quot; genre.
B00000J7J4|3.0|CAARLOOS? CAARLOOS? Where is Carlos Santana? Supernatural is not Carlos Santana.  This album is one of the best albums for this time, but is not the Santana real music. This music don't have the soul, the heart, of the  latina music.   Alberto
B000002GOZ|5.0|Before you buy this album, you need to keep in mind that it is NOT, and I repeat NOT a greatest hits album. Far from it. It may contain &quot;Summer of '69,&quot; and &quot;Cuts Like A Knife,&quot; - two of his best loved  works, but who can actually say they've heard &quot;Fits Ya Good,&quot; or  &quot;I'm Ready.&quot; And Bryan said this himself in not so many  words.<br />This CD is more a retrospective and a glance at what is coming up.  Early hits like, &quot;I'm Ready,&quot; have been stripped down from  typical Bryan Adams rock to a smooth, soulful ballad. &quot;Summer of  '69,&quot; perhaps his BIGGEST hit, is no longer the hard rocking guitar  sound, but the it's more string picking.<br />This album also includes a  wonderful orchestrated version of &quot;18 Til I Die&quot; ; &quot;When You  Love Someone,&quot; from Hope Floats; a Blues Jam featuring a new number  &quot;If Ya Wanna Be Bad - Ya Gotta Be Good&quot; and &quot;Let's Make A  night To remember,&quot; and finally two new numbers in &quot;A Little  Love,&quot; and the hit single, &quot;Back To You.&quot;<br />As I said, this  is not Greatest Hits Live, but more of a retrospective. Perfect for a music  lover.
6304675348|4.0|I have to say  that is  one of the best horror films to come a long in sometime.. this movie had me jumpin a few times .. i am not the type of person that jumps easy but it got me a couple times ..  but if you want to  laugh, scream this is the movie for you  very entertaining..  Scream 2 is  so-so ..  Scream 3  is just as good as the first one..  Catch it when it  comes to video
B00000K19E|5.0|Everything on this film is great. The actors are setting new standards. There is no boring sceen in the whole film. That's may be why I've watched this film four times by now, still looking forward to the next time. Visual  effects are &quot;the crown&quot; of the story. Great, just great film.
B00000J7J4|4.0|To those of you who feel this new album SUPERNATURAL is not all that great compared to his older spins,You might me right!But did he ever get the praise or any awards for what you feel were better recordings (MOONFLOWER  perhaps?)All his music seems to perpetuate in our lives and this is the  gift that he gives to us in where in other musicians is very hard to find.  Carlos and his music will always be an inspiration in my life and many more  lives to come &quot;THANK YOU CARLOS&quot;
6305180261|5.0|I've had a chance to see Welcome to the Videos. I thought it was excellent.  It contained all of GNR'S most popular songs/videos. This video contained more than just GNR in concert footage.  The videos for November  Rain, Don't you Cry and Estranged contained themes and storylines.  As a  matter of fact, the videos attached to these songs helped me understand  them better. I really liked the dolphins in Estranged! This video brought  back some really good memories and I'm hoping GNR will overcome their  personal differences and start recording again. Of course, being a true Axl  fan, I enjoyed seeing him in the videos but most of all, appreciate his  song writing ability and his ability to express himself in a sensitive way,  especially in estranged. The quality of this video is excellent.  There is  concert footage, but the songs are as they were recorded on the albums they  came from. I know you will love Welcome To The Videos!
0780622553|2.0|This film has some of the worst acting i've ever seen. The movie has a good story line but it;s hard to watch with this terrible acting. DONT BUY THIS, you will only watch it once. Hire it out.
0881032565|5.0|A wonderful mix of emotion , creativity, and imagination, And Then There Were None is a phenomenal murder-mystery book that pulls you into the story, and keeps you always on your toes and guessing.  Agatha Christie did  a remarkable job in providing vivid details about the characters and their  emotions and personalities, specific scenes in the book's plot and  important events, and did an over-all fantastic job at providing just  enough information to make you think you know the killer, but not enough to  make you sure.  The use of a poem to represent things to come is a nice  touch to the eerie and coincidental sequence of events.  One moment the  book might lead you to believe that you know the person guilty of the  murders, and then evidence is introduced that makes you believe it's  someone else.  Sometimes you think is the murderer becomes the victim of a  murderer.  Definitely a book that's hard to put down.
0780622553|2.0|This film has some of the worst acting i've ever seen. The movie has a good story line but it;s hard to watch with this terrible acting. DONT BUY THIS, you will only watch it once. Hire it out.
0881032565|5.0|A wonderful mix of emotion , creativity, and imagination, And Then There Were None is a phenomenal murder-mystery book that pulls you into the story, and keeps you always on your toes and guessing.  Agatha Christie did  a remarkable job in providing vivid details about the characters and their  emotions and personalities, specific scenes in the book's plot and  important events, and did an over-all fantastic job at providing just  enough information to make you think you know the killer, but not enough to  make you sure.  The use of a poem to represent things to come is a nice  touch to the eerie and coincidental sequence of events.  One moment the  book might lead you to believe that you know the person guilty of the  murders, and then evidence is introduced that makes you believe it's  someone else.  Sometimes you think is the murderer becomes the victim of a  murderer.  Definitely a book that's hard to put down.
0780622553|2.0|This film has some of the worst acting i've ever seen. The movie has a good story line but it;s hard to watch with this terrible acting. DONT BUY THIS, you will only watch it once. Hire it out.
1577311523|5.0|This is the spiritual book I had been waiting for a long time.From the first page I could know that Mr.Eckhart Tolle is the true teacher of the essence of spirtuality.Like shrewd Zen master,his way of saying is direct,simple and very,very clear.My deepest appreciation for Mr.Echart  Tolle.
B0000028UK|5.0|The Pearl Jam,not only like music band,but like men are SPECIAL persons.In VS they express emotions,feelings,experinces that everybody feel or have tested in own life.Eddy Vedder helped me in many negative moments of my  absurd life and for this reason that I love i PJ and I review myself in  their songs.Thanks.
0780622545|5.0|From the first sentence this movie drags you into its twisted dark dimension. This is truly one of the best sci-fi movies i have ever seen. The background has a familar, yet odd look to it. Take The Matrix, mix it  up with The Crow, add a touch of an old Detective movie setting, throw in a  few twisted characters from the Twilight Zone and add a pinch of twisted  sci-fi, shake well, serve cold and you have Dark City. Buy it.
0425129586|4.0|And Then There Were None was a thrilling murder mystery that kept you wondering who the murderer was throughout the book.  The book was interesting because \\"Mr. Owen\\", the owner of Indian Island, invited ten  complete strangers to his house as guests.  Why were these people invited  to the island?  You find out all the guests had committed a murder not  punishable by law.  This made the book spooky because all the guests died  off one by one and the last guest (who was not the murderer) hung herself.  This is an excellent novel with well developed characters and interesting  plot turns.  I recommend it to anyone who likes mysteries and wants to be  scared!
B00000JCOV|5.0|You've seen the masks, and the jumpsuits. Looks like clowns handling hazchem, right?  Damn Straight. <br />Slipknot is fast, furious, and unrelenting. A release of stress through pure energetic metal. The lyrics  are heart-felt anger at adversity, spat at the listener and the music  (especially the percussion) is HUGE!
B000000WA4|5.0|This is a fantastic album. I came in with moderate expectations, but this album has kept me occupied since I bought it (1 year ago).  I just love it. I can listen to the first album over and over again. Now I am just starting  to appreciate the beauty of the second album.  The best songs are the  following: Tonight, Tonight; Here Is No Why; Love,; Galapagos; Muzzle;  Porcelina of the Vast Ocean; Thirty-Three, In the Arms of Sleep,  Stumbeline.
B000002UZ1|5.0|By 1967, the Beatles had worked their way through their obsession with American rock pioneers Chuck Berry, Little Richard and Bo Diddley and had begun to create their own distinctive voice in music. Their new influences  were Bob Dylan, the Beach Boys, religion and psychadelia and their lyrics  were growing increasingly allegorical in nature. Gone were the days of  &quot;she loves you, yea yea yea&quot;; in its place was &quot;picture  yourself in a boat on a river with tangerine trees and marmalade  skies&quot;. Their studio work displayed both creativity and innovation in  ways that had only been hinted at on earlier releases. As the Beatles grew  closer to a breakup, each member gained his individuality, and this is what  the &quot;Blue Album&quot; is really all about. The lyrical differences  between Lennon and McCartney are startling and evident; with  &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; and  &quot;Come Together&quot;, Lennon seems to  be writing  stream-of-consciousness imagery filtered through layers of metaphor.  McCartney remains solidly founded in reality, and perhaps the best surprise  of all is the inclusion of several George Harrison contributions, three of  which have become classics in their own right (&quot;Something&quot;,  &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; and &quot;While My Guitar Gently  Weeps&quot;). Starr's mastery of the drums is unmistakeable, but as a  singer (&quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot;, &quot;Octopus's  Garden&quot;) he lacks the vocal depth of Lennon, McCartney or Harrison.  The  &quot;Blue Album&quot; is, like the &quot;Red Album&quot;, a must-have  for anyone serious about music. It's the sound of a band coming together   as it is falling apart, and the sound is magnificent indeed. Personal  Favorites: the eerie Lennon premonition, &quot;The Ballad of John and  Yoko&quot;, the majestic drama of &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; and the  sorrowful &quot;Something&quot;. Representative Lyrics: &quot;I am he as  you are he as you are me and we are all together/ See how they run like  pigs from a gun, see how they fly&quot; (&quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;);  &quot;Living is easy with eyes closed/ Misunderstanding all you see/ It's  getting hard to be someone, but it all works out/ It doesn't matter much to  me&quot; (&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;)
B000005ILF|5.0|I will admit that when I first bought this CD several years ago, I only enjoyed one or two of the songs - I was used to the old Police style, and Mercury Falling deviated from that.<br />A few years later, I was looking for  something somewhat mellow to play as background music at a cocktail party,  and put it in the CD player.  Immediately, people started to comment  &quot;who is that?&quot;, &quot;what a cool sound&quot;, &quot;wow, I  really like that&quot;.<br />I now listen to the CD when I'm relaxing after a  hard day, or as background music when we're having a party or even  cleaning/decorating the house.<br />I think it's a perfect mix - soothing and  upbeat at the same time.  If at first you don't like it, try, try again.
0684867621|5.0|I'm a longtime King fan and although this is not a classic horror-tale, it is very much a classic story.  I came to care very much about the little heroine and could not put the book down because I had to know what she  would encounter around the next tree.  I felt like I was right there  alongside her throughout. This book is very much like Gerald's Game in that  you are in the mind of the main character and the entire story is based on  her thoughts, but unlike Gerald's Game it is nowhere near as gruesome. This  is King's new generation of novels, thought-provoking, sympathetic, and  completely engaging through the last page. I absolutely loved it, and will  definitely consider it a favorite.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I don't normally like the Rap/Metal mixture, and I'm more into punk, but I will definitely admit that I enjoy listening to Rage Against the Machine. They deserve a little more credit than they get, but I kind of like it that  way. Let Limp Bizkit and Korn reap millions from the trendy MTV morons.  Also, If you like fiery bands with politically charges lyrics, you should  check out Operation Ivy or Rancid. OpIvy no longer exists, but their legend  still remains.
B00003CWPR|1.0|A great film vandalised by a stupid decision. Why in the world would Warner Bros. fail to release the DVD edition of this last of Kubrick's great films in standadrd 1:33 format? What is the point of DVD if not to  provide home viewers with the highest quality version of its theatrical  release print? Why not at least give customers the choice of either format,  as so many studios do on their discs? It's a crying shame, an idiotic  decision, and one can only hope Criterion will pick up this title and do it  justice. Warner Bros. remains at the bottom of the heap for DVD competence  and quality.
0767802659|5.0|I have read the book, and I have seen the film rather a lot of times. I feel that the film perfectly complements the book - it is a purely entertaining adaptation of several parts in the book. Whilst the novel  concerns itself with the morals of warfare and touches upon such topics as  fascism and domestic discipline, the movie concentrates on character and  storyline. There are very few action sequences in the book and the majority  of it takes place during training. The film expands the storyline in both  directions, showing the characters before their enrollment, and after their  graduation and whilst the acting isn't especially Shakespearean, it is most  definitely suited to the style that Verhoeven has chosen - tongue in cheek  and all out fun. The direction, I think, is very good - very few directors  would direct this story this way - the sound effects and music are spot on  and the Bugs are still some of the scariest produced so far. The film IS  gory but in the most part, the violence is never gratuitous - this IS a war  film!  The end of the movie sets itself up for sequels - I hope this never  happens, Starship Troopers is a stand-alone masterpiece.
0783226063|4.0|Really, this isn't an overly good movie.  The basic plot of the book is present and the acting is alright and the visuals are impressive, but nothing is really that outstanding.  I think that it deserves 3.5 stars,  but I'll give it four as 3.5 is not an option.<br />As a side note: for anyone  looking for the Alan Smithee version (aka: 4 hour version or full length  version), don't bother.  The video cut is much better, and the longer  version just contains a bunch of sequences that were cut for a reason.
0780626494|4.0|Always like a film that's a little different, and this one surely was.  Not only were the youngsters good (Brendan, Alicia) but Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacek as the old folks were hysterical.  Thumbs up from here...
B00000J7J4|1.0|Santana is a very limited guitarist on the face of it. True, the pentatonic scale sounds very guitar heroish coming from his ornate Paul Reed Smith, but the whole amounts to something very sophomoric and  immature.<br />The songs on the record, all written by other guys, are  mediocre at best. Clive Davis put together a nice package, commissioning  songwriters when needed (and that's quite often) and producers to tailor  the sound to the frail and one-dimensional ears of the typical Top 40  listener and the typical Grammy voter.<br />But what are you going to do?  Santana's new record SUPERNATURAL has put him where he apparently wants to  be: next to Limp Bizkit, Britney Spears, N Sync and the rest of 'em on the  charts: seemingly diverse in sound, but horrifyingly homogenous in  mentality.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film may be many things...But it certainly isn't as violent as people like to make out, however it's a film that you're not likely to forget in hurry either.<br />For anyone who appriecates the style of an independent  movie with a mainstream budget and cast, then this is right up your street.  One of the most entertaining things about Fight Club is the intelligent  well thought-out plot schematic although the basic story is fairly simple  to follow there are many questions that the plot opposes to the audience  and choices you have to decide between. Such as Black Comedy or Anarcistic  Art?, Dangerous or Enteraining?<br />For me, Fight Club is not a truly  dangerous film, it doesen't seem to set any kind of harmful influencial  tone (whereas Natural Born Killers does and has done), this movie is  something very original and very refreshing. With unforgetable charaters  (Helena Bonham Carter gives a spectacular performance, that's slightly out  of her routine acting kitch), cruel but very funny situtions and grim set  pieces. Not to metion the wonderful camera rigs and innovative direction  from underated four-film wonder David Fincher.<br />I strongly recommend that  you buy this without hesitation, it's a throughly  new take on 'Independent  movie making from Hollywood'.<br />Congratulations Mr Fincher (You've done it  again)
0440234743|2.0|This book was a very easy read, and it did keep my attention. I kept waiting for something to happen, which never did. This story would have had much more substance to it without all of the insignificant, unending  details. Instead of detailing the smallest, irrelevant event, I would have  like to have seen better development of the characters, mainly the family.  I feel that the majority of this story was done just to fill in the pages.  All in all, it's worth a read as long as you don't expect too much.
B00000J7S8|4.0|This recording of Diana is, like you'd expect, excellent.  I personally like &quot;All For You&quot; much more, but if you like Diana this is a must album.
6305313687|4.0|To start i wish to quote something from some newspapers and review magazines.  &quot;magnificent&quot; screen international.  &quot;Explosive, Nortan gives a blistering performance&quot; rolling stone.  This is about  to prove my points.  Firstly, it is essential from the start you know who  it is who is narrating the piece, as this got me confused to begin with, i  caught on at the end of the film, so i had to watch it again in a different  perplexion.  Derek (Nortan) is out for revenge on the race that murdered  his father, so he stops at nothing with this in mind.  So much so that he  leads a white power movement.  Despite his wisdom, a flash of anger  overppowers him for say 5 minutes leading to the brutal murder of 3 people,  and this lands him in Jail, where his whole vision changes, and when he is  released, he becomes ashamed of his past, and he tries to rectify this.   Okay theres the 'blurb', but my point lies with the fact that this movie is  very graphic, and a bit on the racist side, so i would say watch it by  yourself first, so you dont get embarresed when watching it with friends.   In fact by reading this review it has urged me to watch it again, so happy  watching, ifff this was helpful please click the button, cheers
B000002LHX|4.0|Since there was a lot of exposure to the movie, Prince didn't get a lot of deserved props on this soundtrack since Danny Elfman did the score to the 1990 film.  Yet he brings a lot of flavor to the table.   &quot;Partyman&quot; and &quot;Batdance&quot; were the promoted singles but  check out &quot;Trust&quot; and &quot;Vicki Waiting&quot;.  Very funky  cuts!   &quot;Scandalous&quot; definately goes into the 2nd set of  Greatest Hits CD if Prince should ever release one from his releases from  1990-2000.  This probably will not interest you if you were on the Prince  bandwagon(1999, Around the world in a day, Parade), but the REAL Prince  fans(and you know who you are)will appreciate this one.  Take a chance and  check otu the samples that Amazon has provided.  You won't be  dissappointed.
B00002E23H|3.0|I think this movie is pretty cool for the special effects,but still,why does horror flicks have awful plots.There is only one line in this movie that you need to know is=WATCH OUT.THE SHARKS WILL BITE YOUR HEAD OFF.Still  the actors need to know is that the sharks will swim around until it bites  you in the a**
B000002U82|5.0|&quot;There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life, Music and Cats&quot;                 --Albert Schweitzer. U know what i believe, Pink Floyd's any album is better than any other's best of (except the lEd zEp, u  can refer to my another review on lEd zEpPelin's remasters). If u r an  Old-Rock fan and u dont listen to Pink Floyd then u r really missin'  somethin' essential to ur taste. Well every 1 knows that PF needs no words  of praise but me wanna say somethin' just for the heck of it, after all I  LUV PF ;=) Their Phychedelic Music keeps my spirit alive. Money,Time;- talk  abt the eternal truth of life. Brain Damage, Eclipse ;- have psychedelic  touch. Speak to me, Breathe, Us and Them;-simply gr8<br />Till date i have 'a  saucerful of secrets', 'dark side of the moon', 'animals', 'wish u were  here', 'wall' and 'the division bell', and me lookin' forward to buy all  PF's as soon as i get a salary hike (this is on my top priority ;-)) so u  got to pray for my sooner sal-hike.<br />me gotta go now mail me if u want at  aashishpayal@hotmail.com i would be more than happy to reply. keep ;=)
B000002BBY|3.0|this group makes songs that are supposed to be catchy and ballad-like, but still rock songs. Despite many classic songs, the rest of the album is not catchy and so does not fulfill the purpose. Anyway, my favorite songs are  &quot;wonderwall&quot;, &quot;dont look back in anger&quot;, and of course  their best song &quot;champagne supernova&quot;. Thanks for reading this  review.
0345350499|5.0|Marion Zimmer Bradley did an excellent job writing this book from the perspective of Morgana le Fay.  It was a great contrast to the story done by Sir Thomas Mallory.
B000000WJK|5.0|I really love the first album more then the others...The songs have a special feel to them that just blows me away everytime I hear them.  Also, I can tell you that many of my friends and others that I have bumped into  while listen to this album have ended up getting the album after hearing  it.  I'm just so happy to have this album...I hate doing reviews but the  Verve deserve my thanks for A Storm In Heaven.
6305750750|1.0|I can honestly say that SW episodes IV and V are good movies. I can honestly say that episode I is not. I'm not a fan, I just like good movies. Past glamour is not all, but a fine movie will live forever. You feel it in  your heart when you watch one. Do you feel it when watching episode I? My  God, there's nothing there; nothing to relate to, nothing to touch you,  nothing deeply amusing.  Don't buy this.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|Iron Maidens vocalist Bruce Dickinson shows his talent in this fantastic cd.An Iron Maiden classic album is going to bring u great moments of plesure..with fine music and heavy metal songs.THE CLAIRVOYANT,INFINITE  DREAMS,THE PROPHECY,r probably the cds best and one of the irons greatest  songs
B000002BE9|4.0|but this music is too good to ignore. Fiona Apple's freshman album was a great start for the singer and led to an even more sophisticated and compelling album, &quot;When the Pawn hits...&quot; (and what a title!)  This album really shows Fiona's songwriting skills, her soulful, dark and  deep voice, and her flare for weird, but unbelievably unique beats. My fave  songs are the sleeper hits &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot; and  &quot;Criminal&quot;, as well as &quot;Shadowboxer&quot;, and the powerful  &quot;Never is a Promise&quot;. I wish good luck to Fiona, and hope she  brings along many more powerful and unique album in future years.
B000003TSP|5.0|This album is great...espeically Western Eyes.  I love listening to the CD, it only gets better and better every time I listen to it.  It's not quiet as good as Dummy, but it's still great.  If you've never listened to  Porishead, purchase Dummy first, but make this album second to buy on your  list.
B00000HZHS|5.0|I have a very wide range of music that I can tolerate, but this was the first CD I bought and actually liked--loved. It doesn't matter what mood you are in, you can always listen to it and enjoy it. Because of that, I  thought it was overwhelmingly good.  It convinced me to buy other Nirvana  CD's too.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah Mclachlan has given a example how a live cd has to be. This is one of the cd's I almost listen to every day. Sarah's voice is steady and sensitive, and she is the only one with Sinead O'Connor and Tori Amos, who  can give me the shivers when I hear there music.<br />Favourite tracks:  Possession, Fumbling Towards Extacy, Angel, and The Path of Thorns (Terms).
078322608X|5.0|[This is a review of the DVD version] I'm a sucker for a Gilliam film (he's one of the few people who gets me into a theater to see a film because of the *director*), and if you are too, this is the best way to own  this film (at least until an even more complete Criterion version comes  out). Although it's not especially clear on the DVD case itself, excellent  use is made of the DVD version with an extensive added documentary on the  making of the film and a running commentary by director Terry Gilliam and  producer Chuck Roven. Commentary by Gilliam is, as always, almost better  than taking a full film course: you learn not only about the making of the  film itself but of his battles with the Hollywood system which led to the  bastardized studio recut of 'Brazil' and Gilliam's insistence that he got  final cut on '12 Monkeys.' (Let's see you do *that* on a VHS version!)  Amazing to learn that a special effects sequence of time travel cost $5 to  film, but they actually spent huge amounts of money filling each outdoor  scene with fake snow to match the first day of filming...the only day it  snowed! If I have one quibble at *all*, it's a minor one: the subtitling  gives away a plot point by identifying the character speaking on an  audiotape, a character I don't think Gilliam intended us (or Willis's  character) to identify until much later in the film. But that's a minor  quibble. If you must see one of the most brilliant films of the past ten  years (and in my view, Willis's best after the original 'Die Hard' and  'Pulp Fiction'), you *must* get the DVD version. It's not as overwhelmingly  complete as the three-disc DVD set of Gilliam's 'Brazil', but then, what  is?
B00000BKDV|5.0|I have all the early Iron Maiden recordings, and this is the best. It is the only Iron Maiden recording I never need a break from. I am forever mesmorised by its power
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a movie that I could watch over and over again, and I have after I bought it.  At first I didn't really understand it, but before I was done watching it once, I loved it...and so did the rest of my family and  friends. It puts your imagination to the test and afterwards really makes  you think...&quot;what if?&quot;  I loved it and I think everyone should at  least go out and rent it to see what I'm talking about.
0899662293|4.0|The Hound of the Baskervilles, by Arthur Conan Doyle is a piquant mystery that leads you from suspicion to suspicion.  Sir Charles Baskerville had recently died of exhaustion after running from the demonic Hound of the  Baskervilles, the family curse.  While going to claim his inheritance, Sir  Henry, the last of the Baskervilles, is warned away from Baskerville Hall  by an anonymous note.  At any moment, Sir Henry's life might be put into  peril by the beast or the culprit behind it, so Dr. Watson accompanies him  to Baskerville Hall.  Holmes must deduct who is behind these seemingly  supernatural occurrences before the hound strikes again.
B00000I41G|5.0|This album is brilliant, and if you like bluesy, guitar based jazz, try the fairly obscure Nothing But the Blues, by the brilliant Herb Ellis.
B000005IU2|5.0|This is the be all, end all, of any and all!<br /> The Stooges &quot;Fun House&quot; is the ultimate Punk document from it's opening howls to it's final explosion of noise. This CD and it's sister album &quot;Raw  Power&quot; are the nuclear blueprint for what was to come in underground  music. Face fact neigh sayers:<BR>Without &quot;Fun House&quot; there is no  Punk and that's the bottom line.<br />NOW GET YOURSELF SOME BALLS AND PUT IT  IN YOUR SHOPPING CART NOW!
B000035Z1Z|4.0|The premise is a bit far-fetched, but the French scenery is beautiful, although Kevin Kline's French accent is not.<br />But  watch this film anyway, as Meg Ryan earns every buck and  almost single-handedly carries this film.  Don't get me wrong, Kevin Kline is fine (but ooh is that accent annoying)  and Tim Hutton's destructive tendencies are minimized here.<br />There is a  wonderful chemistry between the two principals, the story allows each to  pursue their own goals throughout, but of course we know where they'll be  in the end. And we would want it no other way.<br />How can you not love Ms.  Ryan? Her character's trademark seems to be their availability, and it  serves her well here. Kline plays the con-with-the-heart like its second  hand to him, he's not yet to old for us to appreciate the mischievous gleam  in his eyes.<br />Nice little romance, what's not to love?
6305470464|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater, and I was shocked to dicover how many people had not seen it! It was a great movie; funny, sweet, and true to the heart, and the casting could not have been better.  The twist at the end  was foreshadowed, but the story line made it unpredicatable still.  I went  to see the movie because I am a big fan of Gillian Anderson, and discovered  a pleasant surprise with wonderful acting talent.  This is definatly a  wonderful date or time to yourself movie; a must see for anyone fond of the  genre.
B000001FRY|5.0|Boy is the first LP-length statement that U2 released, and it's a humdinger indeed.  (They put out some singles prior to signing with Island for American distribution, but those are now strictly consigned to the role of collector's items, as no one on the label has seen fit to rerelease them on CD.  Guess we'll have to wait for the inevitable boxed set.)  Most casual fans pass this one and its successor October up, somehow believing that U2 only \\"got good\\" with War.  Or at least that's the impression I got, since you hear next to nothing about either of these albums, with the exception of the minor hit single taken from this LP, \\"I Will Follow.\\"     Don't be the next person on your block to make that mistake.  This album is simply GREAT.  U2 was not prematurely born; they came out of the Irish club-gigging womb fully-formed, and this album is spectacular evidence of it.  I'm not even really sure why I'm being stingy and giving it only 4 stars, as this is one of the few albums I own without ANY weak songs on it whatsoever. (Some others, in case you didn't ask?  Springsteen's Born To Run, The Clash [U.S. version], Bowie's Station To Station, and Dylan's Highway 61 Revisited) And yet, it's simply not of the caliber of the aforementioned albums -- the songs are all good, and some (\\"I Will Follow,\\" \\"An Cat Dubh,\\" \\"Out Of Control,\\" \\"The Electric Co.\\") are excellent, but they're not really titanic.  Also, too many of the songs simply run together. And not in the way that \\"An Cat Dubh\\" and \\"Into The Heart\\" run together (which is to say intentionally, since they're pretty much one song that's tracked as two), but in that featureless way that makes it difficult for me to really tell you what the difference is between \\"A Day Without Me,\\" \\"Another Time, Another Place\\" and \\"Shadows And Tall Trees,\\" though rest assured, you'll find nothing to offend your hammers 'n' anvils.      Wait.  I AM being stingy.  This one gets the 5 stars.  Because, looking through my collection, they never really did a better one than this. Not even the best-of.  Also, because \\"A Day Without Me\\" is a heck of a lot catchier than I'd originally given it credit for.    If you're looking for a reason to not write off the year 1980 as a musical scratch, this is one of the albums to restore some of your faith in rock music.  (The other is Bob Dylan's Saved, of course.)
B000007OY0|5.0|One word can sum this movie up, &quot;Wow!&quot;.  But I've never been known to keep things short.  I was lucky enough to see this movie in the theaters (thanks to an ingenious method of sneaking in which I will never  disclose) and remember that I didn't want it to end.  I can't think of  another movie that has touched me so deeply.  Lessons of friendship and  injustice, of dignity and the power of the human will.  DO NOT listen to  what critic Leonard Maltin says about this movie being &quot;overlong&quot;  and &quot;hollow and predictable&quot;.  He is under no uncertain terms  nothing more than an idiot or what the British would call a  &quot;wanker&quot;.  The length of the film is necessary, the story is  nothing short of magic. The novella from which this is based gives all the  more credence to the idea that Stephen King will one day emerge from under  his undue shroud of literary cynicism as one of the 20th century's greatest  writers. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman give possibly the best performances  of each of their distinguished careers.  If you can handle harsh dramas and  depictions of prison life then I suggest checking this movie out, putting  aside any pre-conceived notions, and enjoying this timeless classic film.  And when you're done go buy the movie so you don't wear out your local  videostore's copies!
0783113943|1.0|When talented people lose their lives far too early, it's tragic. The story of Gia Carangi, as presented by scripters Michael Cristofer (Bonfire of the Vanities), and Jay McInerney (nothing worth mentioning) tries hard  to present a tale of tragedy with one glaring omission: Gia Carangi was  never talented.<br />She was beautiful, and from a broken home. She became  addicted to drugs, she had low self-esteem, and lost her life early. It's  all a shame but hardly anything earth-shattering in today's world.  Unfortunately, Mr. McInerney continues to believe that beauty IS talent,  that people really CARE about supermodel's lives, what they think, alas the  rub.<br />Angelina Jolie is beautiful and takes us through a range of emotions  in her portrayal of Gia. The story is predictable and derivative, the  dialogue clich after clich.<br />Pass.
B000000W5P|5.0|Look, if you like the Rolling Stones, this album is a must. I have gone through 2 records and 1 CD listening to Some Girls over and over again. Anyone who thinks Some Girls is something to pass on doesn't like the  Stones and is completely in Tatters.
B000002UR7|2.0|Well, this is certainly an improvement from their debut Drill EP, but I'm still not too impressed.  Or actually, I AM impressed with the group, but not with this album.  I had the benefit of buying these CDs out of order  (The Bends-OK Computer-Airbag/How Am I Driving?-Pablo Honey-My Iron Lung),  so I was able to approach this album sympathetically, knowing it wasn't  going to be a masterpiece.  And much to my lack of surprise, it sure  wasn't.  It certainly isn't terrible by any stretch of the imagination  (with the exception of \\"Prove Yourself,\\" which I'll get to), but by and  large it's faceless and undistinguished by anything really original.<br /><br />  Well, there IS \\"Creep,\\" which every adolescent in the  United States probably has committed to memory by now.  Released as a  single prior to the album, it failed to do much in the UK but mysteriously  took off in the US, being played every six minutes or so on MTV.  And while  the song's certainly a very good one (something that its overexposure has  yet to conceal) it became a horrible millstone around their necks, and it  misrepresented the band.  Well it's here on Pablo Honey in all its wretched  glory, and it's probably the best song on the album.  But that doesn't mean  that the other stuff on here is a waste; \\"You\\" is a great obsessed rocker,  much improved from the Drill EP, while \\"Thinking About You\\" is a radiant  acoustic song that, while lyrically simplistic, has remained a steady part  of the live repertoire.<br /><br />  Nevertheless, there's little here to  distinguish this album from any number of \\"alt\\" rockers that came out in  the wake of Nirvana's breakthrough success - at this point Radiohead didn't  look like a band to be imitated but an imitator themselves.  That being  said, these rockers are pretty catchy most of the time - \\"Ripcord\\" is an  entertaining blast at the record industry, while \\"Anyone Can Play Guitar\\"  is a sneering put-down of rockstar idols (\\"Comb my hair, I wanna be wannabe wanna be Jim Morrison!\\") and \\"How Do You?\\" is at least engagingly  head-banging.  \\"Lurgee,\\" however is a cut above the rest (despite the  atrocious title): a slow and steady ballad of - you guessed it - anger and  dismissal aimed at an ex-girlfriend.  It's repetitive, to be sure, but it  carries you along without demanding too much of you.<br /><br />  In fact, of all  the songs here, only \\"Vegetable\\" and \\"I Can't\\" pass by without a single  notable moment, and only \\"Prove Yourself\\" is openly disagreeable.  Now I  don't know what subtle ironic twist Radiohead wished to apply to this song,  but it completely escapes the listener's notice; for all intents and  purposes it seems to be some sort of exhortation to suicide.  \\"I can't  afford to breathe in this town/Nowhere to sit without a gun in my hand/Hook  back up to my cathode ray/I'm better off dead, I'm better off dead/PROVE  YOURSELF.\\"  To my ears that sounds like an invitation to self-annihilation,  whatever they meant it to be.  If it seems tasteless, that's because it is.  They never made a mistake this egregious again - in fact, they retired the  song from their live act because they were horrified by the sight of  thousands of children in the audience chanting along to the words \\"I'm  better off dead.\\"  Indeed.  Anyway, the basic upshot is that Pablo Honey is  merely passable: at times interesting, at times offensive, but most often  simply run of the mill.  Get it if you've already decided you're a fan - if  you don't expect another The Bends, you'll find much to enjoy.  But please,  don't begin here.
0780622545|5.0|I worked at a video store when this movie came out and ridiculed everything from the title to the plot on the videtape slipcover, that is until I watched it.  I've seen a lot of movies and it takes a tremendous  achievement in film making for me to say that I WAS BLOWN AWAY BY THIS  MOVIE!  It was impossible to guess what was going to happen, the cast was  fantastic (Jennifer Connely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching,  Breathtaking, my only regret is that I missed it in theaters.  If you like  action, crime, sc-fi, or horror movies check this one out or just go ahead  and buy it.  You'll love yourself in the morning if you do.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Wonderful depiction of the events leading to a pivotal battle of the Civil War, the battle of Gettysburg, with a focus on 3 key individuals: Confederate General Robert E. Lee (played brilliantly by Martin Sheen),  Lee's second, Lt. General James Longstreet (Tom Berenger), and Union  Col  Joshua Chamberlain (Jeff Daniels).<br />Truly classic storytelling beautifully  presented. Each key event is intelligently and gently depicted leaving  little of the battles, the personalities, and the actions to be  misunderstood. I felt much closer to the unfortunate events that were our  Civil War than I  ever imagined. I don't consider myself ignorant as a  rule, but to tell the truth I never envisioned that the battles were  basically fought hand-to-hand, face-to-face, long lines of fighting men  falling, almost randomly, on both sides.<br />This movie, along with John  Frankenheimer's \\"Andersonville\\" jump-started a serious interest for me in  these historical docudramas, and the Civil War in particular. Thank you Mr.  Frankenheimer, and Mr. Ronald Maxwell (director of \\"Gettysburg\\").
0671042858|5.0|I read this book in about 4 hours.  I can't remember the last time I had to read one start to finish.  I could feel everything that little girl was going through.  I have never been lost in the woods, but now I have a  pretty good idea of what it feels like.  I don't care who you are or how  old you are, if you were truly lost in the woods, you would feel just like  Trisha did.
B000002TQV|5.0|Jesus Christ!  Where the heck did this come from?  Is this the same faceless band that churned out the almost assembly-line product of Pablo Honey?  It's like they've taken instant Artistic Maturity pills and all of a sudden emerged as the most anthemic musicians of their time.  Forget U2,  to whom they were being compared at this point - this material is  infinitely more subtle (if nowhere remotely as uplifting) than even their  80's apex.  (Don't get me started about 90's U2...)  And while they may not  have the spacious grandeur of U2 (Jonny Greenwood's manic,  teetering-on-the-edge-of-a-nervous-breakdown guitar stylings being the  opposite of The Edge's ringing minimalism), they've mastered a type of  songcraft that U2 never really even attempted: the multi part \\"suite\\" song.   Sure, some of the stuff here has a conventional structure (the ballads  like \\"Fake Plastic Trees,\\" \\"High And Dry,\\" and \\"Street Spirit,\\" or the  spacey rockers like \\"Planet Telex\\"), but so many of the breathtaking  moments come from the melding of disparate elements and melodies into  compact running-times; You might know about &quot;My Iron Lung,&quot; but  did you even realize that \\"The Bends\\" is as contorted as it is?  To say  nothing of \\"Just.\\"  Lord!  What at first looks to be a simple thrasher is  upon closer inspection an INCREDIBLY complex song, composed of several  different non-repeating sections and about 50,000 chords, lassoed to the  best guitar solo in Greenwood's catalogue to date.<br />   The problem with  reviewing an album like this is that it's amazingly consistent; with the  exception of a few songs which are merely interesting (\\"Bones\\" for example,  which while stunning live is simply risible here), everything is of such  high quality that it's hard to speak ill of the album as a whole.  The only  criticism you will hear about this album is that it sounds \\"too  simplistic.\\"  I disagree.  I think that accusation is a trick of the ears -  the band makes it sound so easy,so effortless, so simple to write songs  like this that there's an inclination not to pay the music the attention it  deserves.  And when the music IS relatively straightforward, as in \\"High  And Dry,\\" it doesn't seem to detract, since that song in particular is just  so darned catchy!  (Also, its simplicity may stem from the fact that the  song - recording and all - is an outtake from Pablo Honey, with no overdubs  or changes whatsoever.)  Uplifting melancholy.   What's my  only complaint?   That \\"Black Star,\\" as emotionally strong as it is, is essentially a  musical rewrite of the superior \\"The Bends.\\"  (Yeah, check it out. It is!)   <br />   Other than that it's hard to see where you can go wrong, unless  you're just some kind of misanthrope opposed to anthemic music or guitar  rock (and you folks exist, I know).  \\"Planet Telex\\" is admirable enough  just due to the fact that most of it (nonsensical lyrics included) was laid  down while the band was stone-cold drunk, but I'm impressed by the textured  sound of the guitar and the spacious airy sound - to quote my favorite  Nasal Canadian, it's \\"like a hurricane.\\"  \\"Fake Plastic Trees\\" may be,  without going overboard, the most beautiful thing they've ever written, and  one of the defining moments of 90's rock from my cramped perspective.   Here's a song that, sorrowfully biting lyrics aside, deserves every ounce  of its glorious bombast.  That third verse....chills, my friend, from neck  to waist.  And then there's \\"(nice dream)\\" which is as soothing as you'd  imagine a song with that title to be, and...aw, I can't keep explaining  every song on this album!  Just buy it, and I doubt you'd be disappointed.   Every song has a hook, something about it to really grab you.  Go get it.    Or, in the words of \\"Street Spirit,\\" immerse your soul in love.
0780628551|4.0|I enjoyed this movie.  It was refreshingly different and managed to capture the sci-fi scariness without using stacks of special effects.  Johnny Depp handled his part very well. A good watch, nothing too fancy and  easy to take in.  If you like science fiction pure and simple, you'll enjoy  this one.
6304578482|5.0|Romy and Michelle's high school reunion is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I remend it highly.  I love the 80's!
B000000OS2|5.0|There arent many CD's that you can just put in your player and let the whole thing play.  However this is one of those.  Awesome, emotional music that you cant help but love.  Even if you dont normally listen to Tesla,  this CD is a must have.
0425129586|3.0|Ten Little Indians (And Then There Were None) was a startling and clever mystery about ten interesting people with questionable backgrounds together on a strange island. At first it was hard to keep track of ten characters'  personalities and  pasts. I liked how the tension grew with each \\"death,\\"  but I wish the living characters' guilt would have come out more. The  setting of a plain, new, contemporary house on a straightforward island  near the mainland that was regularly used for parties made it even more  mysterious. It made the story more mysterious because they could easily  conclude that they were the only ones on the island, there weren't any  hiding places, and it wasn't the classic old mansion and thunderstorm,  murder mystery setting. This made for a well-developed and suspenseful  novel.
B000002J09|5.0|No press agent, no publicity, no nothing. To the members of LED ZEPPELIN.  You guys are your worst enemies.       I just found out that Stairway to Heaven was never released as a single.  This is suicide. I also found out  that the band decided to not publicize this album. Jimmy was so upset with  the previous review of the last album that he decided not to put a title on  this album. This is CRAZY     Last thoughts, Just imagine if they had put  out a full fledged campaign for this album, it could have sold over 40  million U.S.  ALONE.     INCREDIBLE
0440539811|5.0|this book is a fictional work using real events to have the reader understand that nothing in this world is ever truly as it seems due to our limited points of view and the disinformation which clouds our minds  everyday. much more easily understood when read along with the illuminati  papers and/ or prometheus rising by robert anton wilson.this book can  potentially open your eyes to a new view of the world and how it is  perceived to be, by yourself and by others. thnk of yourself as open  minded? read this book and give yourself a test...
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best action movies of the 20th Century. It has a great story and the best action sequences i have ever seen. Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne give exellent performances and this movie deserves no  less than 5 stars and i would have give it 10 if i could.     The  soundtracks are also amazing. Buy it now !
B000002B49|4.0|This CD is far from any African influence as previously mentioned in one review, and certainly is unlike Enigma.  We have Enigma to be like Enigma.  &quot;Boheme&quot; is devoted to the sounds and samples of Eastern European  music as interpreted by Deep Forest, often with a driving bass techno beat.   Deep Forest (Eric Mouquet and Michel Sanchez) have enlisted the wonderful  Marta Sebestyen to collaborate on this CD and the results are haunting yet  definitely distinct vocals as only Marta can do them.  I'd say Boheme is a  good initiation into the ever-changing world of the Deep Forest.
1573226521|1.0|One question: what's with all these western people fleeing as far as Thailand to meet their own people? Right, to show that western people always end up destroying what they build? That communism doesn't work in a  capitalist mind? That the western world is everywhere you go? I don't think  so. I think Alex merely wanted to put his thoughts down on computer games,  how to put out a cigarette and the A-team in a book. But for this he  obviously needed a story: a very weak and rather offensive story. Who says  Sweeds can't speak English? Who says the English are cool? Who says the  Thai are aggressive? Alex obviously has no clue about the world he lives  in. I reckon that if Alex had spend just three months in Thailand with real  Thai people, he may have had something else to write about. But obviously,  Alex has never been to Thailand, and even if he has, he has obviously never  sat down with Thai people and learned about their culture. Because if he  had, I think he would have been more tempted to write a Thai story and come  to the same conclusion that the western world isn't all that. This book  basically taught me one thing: Many western people don't really care about  foreigners. They travel all the way to foreign countries to find something  western. Simply said: Alex did not have to make Richard follow the French  couple. He could've easily made Richard say: &quot;No thank you, I'm in  Thailand now. I'd like to meet Thai people. You go find your beach. I'm  going to develop my mind culturally.&quot;
B000002UCQ|5.0|This CD is truly exellent. Every song is a song to look forward to. Side two doesn't have as many good tracks of course but 'the art of dying' and 'hear me lord' are just as good as the songs on the first side expecially  'the art of dying', in my opinion. I deffiantly recommend this CD to  anyone. If anyone would like to further discuss the beatles, George  Harrison, etc., please e-mail me: aley_@excite.com
1558908455|5.0|This is by far the best vampire movie ever made and to all those who gave it one star must be blind or are more into true story movies. Even Stevie Wonder could see this is a classic. If you like horror, suspense and a  whole load of laugh then this is for you!
0380729407|4.0|The novel \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes,\\" by Ray Bradbury is  a book of dark wit and fantasy. With suspicious and unuseual characters, you must really keep up with the writings to recieve the messages tha the auther is  throwing at you in an array of annalogys. That is what makes it hard to  read and understand. such as,\\"His voice, Will thought, Inever noticed, It  is the same color as his hair.\\"  The main characters, Jim Nightshade  and Will Halloway are but act like twin brothers. They talk the same, think  the same, and often do the exact thing at the exact same time,  including,\\"In one single motion,Will leaned from his window, as did  Jim.\\"And a few paragraphs later,\\"both boys vanished in a quick and sudden  motion and returned at the same tim e,each with binoculars.  In  conclusion,\\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" asks for a devoted and patient  reader. Sometimes you just have to just sit back and rethink what you  read.It is a very different book in the sense of reading and understanding.  I would recommend this book to a very academic person, or someone who wants  to try something new.   Thank You.
B00003Q43A|3.0|OK here's my take on this movie. When you watch it you have to realize that this a movie meant for entertainment value not quality cinema. One can see just from the previews that it was full of cheesy dialogue and  countless plot holes. Yet when i see a movie like this i try to avoid  thinking about those because this movie is meant soley to entertain. And at  that i feel it excels greatly. It is full of great special effects and some  nice action sequences and of course really big explosions. I feel that when  you watch a movie you have to put it in its genre and rate it accordingly.  Therefore you can not expect much from a movie like ID4. And above all this  was a kids movie so of course the directors could do things like have plot  holes because they knew there target audience wouldnt mind because they  would be too caught up in the special effects. I say it did what it was  meant to do. but if youre looking for a GOOD science fiction movie pass on  this one and rent the original star wars  or V
B000002JSN|4.0|I know I am running the risk of beginning an argument here among the many reviewers here who think this album is a masterpiece, a sprawling display of Led Zeppelin's diverse range of musical styles.  But when the truth is  uncovered and you read between the lines, the diversity here is quite  misleading.Of the 15 songs here, only 8 of them (&quot;Custard Pie&quot;,  &quot;In My Time Of Dying&quot;, &quot;Trampled Under Foot&quot;,  'Kashmir&quot;, &quot;In The Light&quot;, &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot;,  &quot;The Wanton Song&quot;, &quot;Sick Again&quot;) were actually new at  the time.  The other 7 songs (&quot;The Rover&quot;, &quot;Houses Of The  Holy&quot;, &quot;Bron-Yr-Aur&quot;, &quot;Down By The Seaside&quot;,  &quot;Night Flight&quot;, &quot;Boogie With Stu&quot;, &quot;Black Country  Woman&quot;) were all recorded years before and due to time restrictions  (albums were generally 20 minutes per side at the time) could not be fit on  their respective records: Led Zeppelin III, IV, and Houses Of The Holy.   All of which you could make separate arguments for which was the most  diverse (in my opinion, Houses Of The Holy was).If you listen to the 8  songs recorded in '74, you'll won't find an overwhelming range of style,  except for the Middle Eastern flavorings of &quot;Kashmir&quot;, and the  experimental &quot;In The Light&quot;.  All of the other songs are  predominantly straight ahead heavy blues-rock, which was really where  Zeppelin's heads seemed to be at the time (Listen to the Presence album  that followed this, and you'll see).  Then, if you listen to the 70-72  tracks, there is where you will find the diversity, more of the folky,  acoustic side of Zeppelin. It is to be noted that after this album, we did  not hear the folky side of Zeppelin again.I am not knocking the material  here, most of it is great.  The '74 material would have made an outstanding  single album.  But at about 53 minutes, time restrictions would again have  played a role, and a single album would have been nearly impossible to  produce.  So a double album was needed.  And with a double album, you ask  for the inevitable:  filler material.Don't get me wrong, some of the  &quot;filler&quot; is great, especially &quot;Houses Of The Holy&quot; and  &quot;The Rover&quot;.  But the remainder of the material drags the  consistency down a bit, because it is out of place.  It was not recorded  for the album per se, thus it does not project a true vibe upon the  listener. And for that reason alone,  I do not believe this was the best  Zeppelin album (as some will argue).  Houses Of The Holy and IV were  better;  they were a true showcase of Zeppelin's creativity and diversity.   For the most part, Physical Graffiti is not, but only for the reliance of  earlier material to fill space.  Not exactly a bad thing, because Zeppelin  could get away with it when others couldn't.
0679409866|4.0|Persuasion was the last book Jane Austen wrote and in many ways it is the most complete example of the style that endears her as much to modern readers as it did to readers from the nineteenth century.<br />Persuasion's  plot is based around the possibility of the rekindling of a romance which  burned brightly when the protagonists were younger and which was thwarted  because the forces of familiar persuasion made Anne Elliott reject her love  for Captain Wentworth. All of Austen's plots are romantic staples revolving  around the constant impediments placed between the heroine and her ideal  man but unlike the plots of many novels contemporaneous to Austen's these  impediments are not Gothic in nature - they are merely the frustrating  minutiae of everyday life. To be sure, the denouements are invariably happy  but when we think about what would happen (if these people were real)  afterwards, we can foresee myriad problems and further barriers to  happiness. (For example, in Pride and Prejudice, how is Lizzie going to  cope with Darcy's family and in Persuasion, how is Anne, happily ensconced  with her paramour, going to cope with her own disfunctional family?) No  matter, Jane has done her job and brought the two lovers together.<br />One of  the most entertaining aspects of Austen's technique is her ironic narrative  asides. We, as readers, are given access to the feelings of the main  protagonists before they reveal them to the world (in Pride and Prejudice  we know that Darcy is besotted with Lizzie well before he declares his  amour, and in Persuasion we know that Captain Wentworth still carries a  torch for Anne Elliott while she is still assuming that all hope of a  rekindled romance has been dashed because of her earlier propensity to be  persuaded against her emotions).<br />One of the most curious aspects of  Austen's wonderful assortment of characters is the strangely brutal way she  portrays families. There is always at least one member of the principlefamily who is deeply flawed - both Lizzie's parents in Pride and Prejudice,  Marianne and Elinor's weak brother and vile sister-in-law in Sense and  Sensibility, and Emma's neurasthenic father (a mild critique compared to  the sharpness of the other characterizations). Nowhere is this  &quot;critique of the family&quot; more keenly delineated than in  Persuasion. Anne Elliot's father is a complete fool obsessed with physical  appearances above all else, and it is clear that Anne has little respect  for him or her own sisters. Austen invested all her idealization of  character in her main protagonists - in this case Anne and Captain  Wentworth. While not always physically attractive, Austen's heroines are  always morally complete (except for the ever-so-slightly capricious Emma) -  and Anne Elliot, the heroine of Persuasion, is surely more a portrait of  Jane Austen than any of her other heroines. She is no longer young, has  lost the full bloom of youthful beauty, and has been disappointed in love  because she heeded the wishes of others, and not of her heart and her mind.  <br />We know by reading any of Jane Austen's books of her fierce  intelligence, biting wit and brilliant observational powers of familiar  human behavior. And she could be deliciously bitchy, as this example from  Persuasion shows: &quot;(Anne and Captain Wentworth) were actually on the  same sofa, for Mrs Musgrove had most readily made room for him - they were  divided only by Mrs Musgrove. It was no insignificant barrier indeed. Mrs  Musgrove was of a comfortable substantial size, infinitely more fitted by  nature to express good cheer and good humour than tenderness and sentiment;  and while the agitations of Anne's slender form, and pensive face, may be  considered as very completely screened, Captain Wentworth should be allowed  some credit for the self-command with which he attended to her large fat  sighings over the destiny of a son, whom alive nobody had cared  for.&quot;<br />Anne Elliott is certainly less ironic than the voice of the  narration (Austen herself), but she seems to be a manifestation of what  Jane Austen thought of herself, or at least, how she would like to be -  intelligent, kind, sensitive to other's feelings, and most importantly,  someone who is valued for these qualities rather than for beauty and money.  Persuasion is a good read - it's not as cheeky as Emma or as involved as  Pride and Prejudice, but there are plenty of the great Austen ironic (and  even sarcastic) flourishes. And the intelligence of her writing is a  delight.
B00000J7J4|5.0|If you know Santana when you hear him play, even not knowing the titles of the songs, then you'll immediately recognize THIS is Santana when you hear it.  &quot;Smooth&quot; is a classic without the test of time.
B000000YBQ|5.0|Although I'm a relatively new Bill Evans fan, his lovely piano playing -- not to mention the overall interaction of the trio, i.e., Motian and LaFaro -- has truly captivated me!   For the Bill Evans beginner, (such as  myself), this recording serves as a great starting point.  An excellent  variety:  From Evans' original &quot;Waltz for Debby,&quot; to the classic  Gershwin masterterpiece, &quot;Porgy,&quot; these excellent renditions  demonstrate the essence of what the Bill Evans Trio is made of:  harmonious  rapport.  A beautiful marriage of piano, bass, and drums.  This equals to  only one thing:  Jazz at its finest.  Highly recommended!
0790738139|5.0|This movie truly was awesome, and I know some people think it didn't live up to the &quot;hype&quot;; however, I was one of the lucky ones who saw it just after its release when it was getting some (but not millions) of good  early notices.  Suffice it to say that I was blown away by everything--the  cinematography, the direction, the acting, the sets, the story, the  COLORS--I just loved it.  I do though sometimes wonder what I would have  thought if I'd seen it AFTER the hype--whether I would have loved it based  on its own merits or expected perfection and been a little disappointed.   Sometimes the Hollywood machine (that finally made a good movie and got it  RIGHT witht this one) and their publicity machine can be the enemy of your  subconscious!  I am now able to enjoy some of the hyped movies I was  disappointed with at the theater like The Bros McMullen, In the Company of  Men, Out of Site, Big Night, The Sweet Hereafter, Buffalo 66 (no, still  don't like it...) Leaving Las Vegas, Wings of the Dove--good Lord, even  You've Got Mail.  Time and distance--I encourage you all who didn't think  LACon (or any other movie) didn't measure up to give it a little time and  distance, then re-review it.
0316920045|5.0|This book is not for stupid people.  Read the reviews below and see for yourself.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|If you only buy one cd this year, i sincerely recomend this disk.  The beautiful simplicity of instrumentation and the tightly knit lyrics combine to form an cd that will blow your mind some tracks to check out  &quot;testify&quot; &quot;born of a broken man&quot; and &quot;ashes in the  fall&quot;
6305229449|5.0|This is the best disney movie that I have ever seen, and my new obsession.  The animation is fantastic and the story is inspiring.  Mulan is a good role model too.
0451169514|5.0|Stuttering Bill, a brave young boy, always knew there was something wrong in the small, little-known town of Derry, Maine.  It all started with his mischievous brother George's murder.  Over the years a whole slew of  children from all over Derry had been found mysteriously missing, and in  some cases, dead.  Some dark force was sucking the life from Derry and only  Bill and his friends could stop IT.  Through their battle to fight this  creature their worst fears are manifested into reality.  I would not  recommend this book to children below middle school age or those with heart  troubles because IT will terrify you beyond belief.  IT is probably the  best novel of any genre that I've ever read, and definitely the most  horrifying!  I would give this book five stars... just one bit of advice,  read it with the lights on!
0790729687|5.0|On a Normal basis, i love the book version of a movie best than the movie itself. I have not read the book from anne rice yet, but i intend to do. I really loved this movie, its characters seemes very &quot;human&quot; to  me, all the passion in them as well as all the problems they had where  really moving, the character i liked the most was Lestat of course, but i  have heard that the Book lestat is even better, i certinly want to see  that. Great Costumes and above all a really worked out enviroment for the  movie.  Banderas was not what i have expected but he was not bad either. i  really ended hating Claudia (the character) but that only shows how good  played it was. In the end i really wanted to jump out, open the window and  wait for them to come for me. You really dont want to miss it and the DVD  version rules! (i have seen better but its much better than the VHS  version.
B0000065PD|3.0|I bought this because I wanted to see what all the hype was about. Any original cinema release that can impregnate network television is worth checking out. As a writer, I was enthralled quite a bit at the idea running  under the picture but somehow the chemistry was all wrong. I don't know -  Kurt Russell playing a role absolutely straight was something that I'd  never seen before. He lacks his wry smiles and one liners. The inhabitants  on the other side of the portal were hard to accommodate mentally also. The  enslaving villains made for some fearsome moments with their gadgety armour  but eveybody looks too good. I could hear echoes of 'Mad Max Beyond  Thunderdome' when I watched the middle part of this film: too much put into  empowering downtrodden feral adolescents. From here on, the movie drags  excruciatingly. While realistic and well intended, 'Stargate' just seems to  fall far short of another film based upon a similar premise, 'Contact', but  it's worth watching once and perhaps (just to scrape the insides of the jar  for anything you'd missed on the first go) twice. To that end, you  shouldn't want to part with your silver over it for ownership; my copy  lasted just one month before I traded it for a 'Star Trek - Original  Series' tape. Don't go and make the same mistake.... this release is  mightily mediocre, I'm sorry to say.
0788812807|5.0|This was one of the best family films I have ever seen.  It is cute, funny, and all-in-all great!  It's a classic and a must buy!
B000003S0F|5.0|'Islands' sees an end to Crimson's old approach, the method where the marriage of Sinfield's satanic neo-mediaeval imagery and psychedelia gave birth to a reeling form of jazz rock that afforded some embarrassing  mishaps like 'Indoor Games', 'Cat Food' and 'Happy Families'. I'm not here  to slam early Crimson (the first two LPs are sacred) and nor am I here to  forward Mel Collins' sophomore contribution to the band as being the  primary reason why you should get this album. On 'Islands', Fripp succeeded  in overseeing the creation of a perfect equilibrium between the ultimate  refinement of what they had struggled so arduously over before in imagery  and an appreciable reduction in the silliness of their jazz. 'Formentera  Lady' takes you on a journey to an island of sun drenched aspirations for  the soul while still managing to inject the woeful and desolate  temperaments of the old King Crimson without damaging the end result. The  band prove here that they have moved from their old sense of frenzy to  something far more cerebral: in this case, quixotic. 'Prelude...' is a  wonderously mechanical essay on the state of post modernist classical music  but the real joy comes in the shape of 'Islands' itself. The title track is  a long-winded epic - the music of a spirit floating on a gently undulating  ocean of ether, a mile or two away from a star blanched pocket of land. The  gentle ebbs of sound are hypnotic and nothing can break the spell short of  reaching for the back button and trying 'Ladies of the Road.' The three  remaining tracks define the sheer extent of the advances the Crims had made  since 'Lizard'. It has been stated here that in 'Islands', King Crimson was  longing to discover a mainland for the sake of combatting their spiritual  isolation. I disagree entirely. On their third or fourth lineup by this  time (1971), I believe Fripp was trying to break away from an area where  discord had infected three albums and Sinfield had dominated the group'simage. It's funny that John Wetton and the percussion section would do the  same on the post 'Islands' albums although the results sound wholly alien  to anything recorded before that lineup. 'Islands' was their one-off.  Because it does not adhere to the feel of what went before it or what came  immediately after, many are quick to perceive that the album was deficient  in and of itself. Wrong; 'Islands' was a lofty ideal achieved for but a  moment before more cracks appeared in the group and a reformation (for the  worse) became inevitable. I would recommend its purchase as a second KC  album. For the first, you'll need 'In the Court....' or '....Poseidon'.  Even so, these cannot be used as sticks to measure 'Islands' with: the  album is too liberated to be ranked amongst stereotypical King Crimson  titles.
6305750750|5.0|Well, my confidence in the &quot;critics&quot; has gone downhill since this came out.  They have been panning and trashing this movie since it came out . . . and they're totally wrong!   Am I a little biased?  Maybe.   I was 12 when Episode IV (the original Star Wars) came out and it had a  profound influence on my future interests.  The problem with the  &quot;critics&quot; out there is that they seem to put up blinders when  they see this movie, totally forgetting that it is 1/6th of a huge epic.   In doing so, they will miss many of the subtleties in this movie.  So many  things are set up in The Phantom Menace that half the time I found myself  scanning Episodes IV-VI through my head trying to fit the pieces  together...I have already been postulating events in the next two  installments.  George Lucas is a master world builder!  I was afraid that  he wouldn't be able to capture the look and feel of the originals.  Boy was  I wrong.  When John Williams' music kicks in, the the familiar scrolling  intro rolled by, I was transported back to 1977 all over again.  This is  definitely Star Wars!  The lightsaber duel at the end was phenomenal, and  the pod racing scene is incredible.  The next three years waiting for  Episode II is going to be grueling.  GREAT FUN!   Just remember that this  is 1/6th of an epic, the Trade Federation ISN'T the enemy in this  film...and Yoda pretty much says exactly what's going to happen to Anakin  and his mom in a later movie while talking to Anakin in the Jedi Council  Chamber.  There's more at work here than meets the eye.
B00000ADG2|5.0|For far too long we've awaited the debut of Mama Zion, Ms. L-Boogie herself, and what a wonderful reward patience brings, this album is superb.  She has expertly blended all the elements of a true hip-hop album to  create the female rap album creme de la creme.  From beginning to end, it's  non-stop ear appetizing.  I flipped when I heard the heart wrenching and  soul identifying song &quot;Miseducation of L.Hill&quot; or the vibrating  reggae song &quot;Forgive Them Father&quot;.  Lauryn wonderfully combines  poetry, dope beats and (like 2Pac her Gemini male twin R.I.P.), music we  can identify with from the heart. Anyone can feel this album deeply from  the children to the elders of our community, ThanQ Ms. Hill, We love you!
B00000DFRS|1.0|Whitney Houston had several years to plan a non-soundtrack album.  This is what she released.  It is lifeless,unimaginative and devoid of soul.  She tries to attract a new audience to no avail.  It is unfortunate that this  product will be relegated to the second-hand bins.
630521610X|5.0|A man in a black ominous ghost outfit fiendishly hacking up teenagers and rudely calling victims up on a cellular phone. Sound familiar, it ought to. This is film that rejuvenated the sagging horror industry and created it  own horde of clones and imitations. Scream is a gem of a horror film.  Definitely the most sustained and articulate work ever directed by Wes  Craven, Scream is brimming with tightly wound tension, sophisticated film  references, and sympathetic performances by the entire cast. Neve Cambell,  Courtney Cox, David Arquette, Jamie Kennedy, and Henry Winkler all turn  engaging memorable performances that amazingly defy camp. The revelation  that all the characters in Scream are actually aware of horror movies and  know all the Slasher movies rules is both an engaging and very original  twist on the boring monotonous teen horror flicks that preceded it.  Scream's deft combination of horror and comedy made a surprisingly hip  movie that pleased teenage audiences. Kevin Williamson composed the Scream  script with Wes Craven in mind, and the cohesiveness of Williamson's  brilliant script and Craven's experienced direction make an atmospheric  intelligent horror film in the proud tradition of Halloween. Laugh, gasp,  jump, and scream to one of the most influential horror films of the 1990's.  The Collector's Edition DVD is also a must for any fan of this amazing  film. P.S. Look for Wes Craven as Fred the Janitor.
B000003TAR|5.0|ahhh..the last studio recording from nirvana, kinda makes you wanna cry doesnt it? this was perhaps their finest piece. kurt cobain really knew how to be emotional, but at the same time agressive. the real stand out tracks  here are : all apologies, dumb, rape me, serve the servants, and frances  farmer wil have her revenge on seattle. i know we will all miss kurt and he  will live on through the music forever (as corny as that may sound, it is  true).
6304196938|5.0|One night I was with my mom and her friend. He picked out this movie to watch when we got home. I was like, &quot;Oh great. This looks really bad.&quot; But when we got home and watched it I was like, &quot;WOW!&quot;  Alfred Hitchcock is really talented. This was, however, not a movie you  could talk through. You really had to pay attention. I would have missed  one of the most crucial parts in the movie; when the say &quot;George  Kaplan, paging George Kaplan&quot; over the loudspeaker had it not been  rewound. See this movie if you haven't already.
B0000057C5|5.0|this is one of my favorite cd's. just about every song on it is awesome. best tracks: 1,2,3,4,5,6,8,8,11. buy this now if you are a NIN or KMFDM fan.
0312965788|5.0|All Creatures Great and Small is a fascinating true story about a veterinarian named Dr. James Herriot who cures animal illnesses and wins over the hearts of animal lovers. He has unique courage and warmth that touches many people who have read this book. This was a very good story  that was so good it almost made me cry. I recommend this book to anyone who  loves a great animal story.
B000000H6Y|5.0|i love this cd, but there is one problem: too many filler tracks. i think that is the main reason this fails to be their best. but there are the really good sides to it too. i.e.: black no. 1, we hate everyone, summer  breeze, christian girl and too late: frozen. buy this cd. you wont regret  it, this is probably one of the most original bands ever.
6303567126|5.0|Before Trainspotting their was The Basketball Diaries and a brilliant film it is too. This is a great production from Scott Kalvert.It is the harrowing story of how a young basketball hopeful named Jim Carrol, whos  life is descending into  a life of drugs and violence.In which the only  thing that keeps him going is his diary which is later named The Basketball  Diaries.The acting in this film is brilliant.An absoloutely brilliant film  it has no flaws.Every aspect of this film is great.A true masterpeice.
068816689X|5.0|This book is more interesting than the title suggests. I found myself totally involved in the narrator's struggle to survive Nazi Germany and amazed by her indomitable spirit. I disagree with some of the reviewers  here on Amazon.com in that I do NOT think one should judge Edith Hahn (the  author)'s personal choices during that difficult period. What's important,  really, is that, having survived the Holocaust through her sheer wits,  Edith Hahn bore witness not only to the horrors of the Holocaust, but to  the actions, reactions, morality and the lack thereof, of ordinary Germans.  Fascinating.
B000020617|4.0|I can honestly say that I like every track on this CD.  That being said, however, there will definitely be some who are disappointed (these are the people who say that the Foo Fighters &quot;sold out&quot;).  Most of the  songs, with the notable exceptions of &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; and  &quot;Breakout&quot; are slightly mellow, with great, memorable lyrics.   The two songs I mentioned are more traditional Foo Fighters material.  This  is my favorite CD right now (right next to Fuel).  &quot;Aurora&quot; kind  of touches me personally...but enough of that...buy this CD! (Oh, and I  only gave it 4 stars because I was a little disappointed at first...but  then I came to my senses!)
0446310786|5.0|I am in the process of reading this book in 10th grade Honors English.  At first, I thought it would be like most books we're expected to read in high school...boring, old tomes, etc.   But I got so into the book, and I absolutely fell in love with it during the first chapter.  It is a classic  novel that takes us through four years when Jem and Scout, the main  characters and the children in the book go from Innocence to Experience.   They grow up in the book, and I think that everybody should read it.  I'm  still reading it in school, and watching the movie,  and I love it so much,  now I'm here, buying it.  So, read this book.  It's wonderful.
0780020901|5.0|Provocative, passionate, and resonates with his music, &quot;Mahler&quot; is an exquisitely produced Ken Russell film for anyone who enjoys a dramatic sense of history and the rich sounds of musical composition.  Definitely, a home library acquistion.
B00000IQBM|2.0|Pass this one up.  Go straight to the newer one shown on TV a few years ago.  Stephen King had total control over it and it does justice.  It's the proper film to his book.  It's long but very impacting.  It creeps in  slowly.  But it seems as though it wasn't released on video like his other  made for TV movies.  Let's hope it is soon.  I recorded it off TV back then  and I desperately want an official release.
0393038912|5.0|Dr. Diamond's book answering such a huge question of human anthropological history is well appreciated.  A brilliantly crafted and very thorough examination of the reasons that we live in a Eurocentric world.  A very  satisfying and interesting read, and thoroughly thought provoking.  My  friends were subject for weeks to my chop-shop paraphrases of Diamond's  fascinating theories.  Buy this book if you are interested in anthropology  or history or humanity.
B00001NFCY|2.0|I want to begin by saying this CD is REDUNDANT.  The songs all blend together and are all downcast grumblings about how horrible life is and how we are all damned.  It's really too bad, considering their strong first  outing, and also considering that the single &quot;Higher&quot; is a great  song.  There are only one or two other good songs on this CD, one of them  being the powerful &quot;Wash Away Those Years&quot;.  The listener can  discern the extra money that went into production, but the songs are simply  not that great.  More time between CDs would have been a good remedy.   Shame on Creed for pandering to the flavor of the month music trend today  popularized by MTV.
B000002RXS|5.0|For years I have avoided this recording, knowing that even much earlier Callas was making some very strange and possibly unpleasant sounds even in studio recordings. How wrong I was! Some unusual sounds there are, but they  seem to fit the portrayal, which is unique and electrifying. Callas could  be superb in what are often taken to be mezzo roles -- e.g. her Rosina in  the Barber of Seville -- and here again she takes what has become a hack  role and breathes new life into it. Callas may not be Carmen, but Carmen  will never be the same after hearing her. Pretre's conducting is  sympathetic and Gedda makes a more than adequate Don Jose, but there are  better ones available. However, Carmen really is about Carmen and this  portrayal is fabulous.
B00000K31V|1.0|&quot;Makes the Matrix look like child's play&quot;?   Isuppose if you defined the Matrix as a low budget yawner with badacting and 1000 pounds of latex.  Worst $20 I ever spent.  I'd rather watch the Matrix screensaver than this total garbage.  They should change the slogan to &quot;Makes Johnny Mnuemonic look like Citizen Kane&quot;.
B0000296SI|5.0|well this cd is good but the cd cover is not very appropret 4 kids under 10 some words like bone,f**ck,blow,r not appropret(the way they use theme) the cd is very goooooood  (DONOTLETYOURPARENTSHERETHECD! OR  YOUR PAARENTS WILL TAKE IT AWAY FROM U
068484267X|5.0|Even though I am only 14 I decided to read this book for an Outside Reading Project for school. After reading this book it made me realise the little things in life are so important! The little things like: a mother not out living 3 of her children; having soles on the bottom of my shoes;  and haveing a meal on the dinner table that consists of more then tea and  bread. I appalud Frank McCourt for sharing his life experence with the  world in a faboulus book. I also appalud Frank for helping the normal  person realise that there are more important things then seeing who can  surf the internet the longest, or who can become a millionare the quickest.  What is important in life is that you have a loving family and even though  things may seem rough at times there are people less fourtunate then you.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This has got to be the worst album of the 90's. I listened to this album after hearing how great it was, and was very dissapointed. I can't think of a single redeming quality to this album. Everything about it is bad.  Nevertheless, I must be open minded, so I'll list both the pros and the  cons.<br />Cons: Fred Durst can't sing; Fred Durst can't rap; the lyrics are  childish and badly written; Fred Durst's vocals are very annoing; Wes  Borland sucks at guitar; every song is about bad relationships, with the  exception of &quot;Break Stuff&quot;<br />Pros: Fred Durst, as well as the  rest of the band, is extreamly loyal to their fans.<br />Well, off hand, I'd  say that there are more cons than pros, so do yourself a favor, and avoid  this album at all costs. 10 years from now, you'll find this in a bargin  bin somewhere, and you'll actually laugh at the thought that there are  people who actually bought this album.
6304383177|2.0|This film was a box-office disaster when it was released in 1938 and remains so more than a half-century later.  Even legendary film stars Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant can't rescue a terrible script and lousy  directing.  For all its frenetic pace, there isn't a single laugh or even a  chuckle in the entire reel.  One feels embarassed for the actors,  particularly Hepburn, who bought out of her contract after the film  flopped.  She must have been mortified at the screening.
B000003S0F|5.0|I am always puzzled how other reviewers (usually mainstream media) puts down this album.....its beyond me freinds. I think is one of the greatest album ever, and maybe King Crimsons Best. The Line-up is great: Robert  Fripp: Guitar, Mellotran, Haromonium Boz: Vocals, Bass Mel Collins: Sax's  Keith Tippet: Piano Matk Charig: Cornet Ian Wallace: Drums Peter Sinfield:  (Greatest Lyricist ever)Words, Visions and illumination   The album starts  out with some nice strings, and interesting lyrics, although 'Formentara  Lady' (The opener is perhaps the worst song on the album). The second peice  of music is 'A Sailors Tale', which features some of the most insane,  inovative, in-genius guitar playing ever. 'The Letters' features a powerful  mid-section which is totally un-expected. 'Ladies of the Road' has some of  the &quot;interesting&quot; lyrics on the album and has maybe the  &quot;nastiest&quot; saxx solo ever. On 'Prelude: Song of the Gulls' Fripp  shows off his orchestral scoring talents witha beautifull peice of  classical music. And then 'Islands'............the greatest song ever, man.  The Piano, Lyrics, Harmonium, Mellotran, held back drumming and of course  the Cornet solo is some of the best soloing i've ever heard.   Trust me:  THC + Islands = Some amazing stuff, man. Buy it.    Peace
B00000DF6O|4.0|after the lameness of deuces wild this is a step up.this disc is good&amp;solid.B.B&amp;the Band get down to business on this disc.this is his best disc in a long time.he puts his heart&amp;soul on this disc.and  most of it works.
B0000262QW|5.0|My absolute favorite Chick Corea CDs are _Return To Forever_ and _Light As A Feather_. Both are old classics and both feature Joe Farell, Stanley Clarke. Airto, and Flora Purim. I love the style and the mood of these two  albums. I think Chick had something special going on with the Latin concept  and the artists of these two CDs. He later diverged with a fantasy concept  group called, Return To Forever (nothing to do with this CD), a big mistake  in my opinion. Getting back to this CD, the title track, &quot;Return To  Forever&quot;, is a great composition with phenomenal work by Stanley  Clarke and Chick. Flora's surreal vocals and Airto's percussion are a nice  touch. &quot;Crystal Silence&quot; is a wonderfully quiet piece with Chick,  Joe, and Airto breaking the silence. &quot;What Game Shall We Play  Today&quot; is classic Flora Purim. Her performance on this track reminds  me of another joyful Purim vocal, &quot;Mountain Train&quot;, from her best  CD, _Stories To Tell_. &quot;Sometime Ago - La Fiesta&quot;, with it's long  long intro by Stan, Joe and Chic, and later, Flora's vocals, is a  masterpiece. You need to listen to several times to fully appreciate its  brilliance. Return To Forever has a unique mood and style that reminds one  of innocent jazz musicians, like children, simply having fun playing  together. It belongs on every jazz aficionado's shelf.
034538072X|5.0|I have one word to say-WOW! I am thirteen years old and last November my family took a trip to London over Thanksgiving break. While in Westminster Abbey's gift shop, I noticed this book about Henry's the Eighth's wives. The book looked HUGE and I jokingly told my brother I was going to read it.  I started looking at it and it looked so interesting I really did end up  buying it. Once I got started reading it, I couldn't put it down. I had  heard about a King named Henry with six wives before, but this book  completely changed my view of him AND his wives. Weir shows us their  thoughts and feelings and brings every character to life. After reading the  book, I reccomended it to my best friend's mother, who read it and loved it  also. After reading it, I began to look for more books on the Tudor period  in Great Britain and have become an absolute fanatic on the subject. I  learned more from this one book than from all my other history classes  combined!
