B00004XOWM|5.0|I dont know what in the hell everyone is crying about on these reviews.  This is an absolutely incredible album with a ton of badass songs.  If you dont like Limp Bizkit or that style of music then that's fine but dont badmouth it.  This album is a complete masterpiece and will ensure that Limp Bizkit will live on.  And..........Thanks
B000051VWW|4.0|....And she is as cool as ever! This set, while mostly acoustic, is definately the music you want to have on when unwinding from a long day (who wouldn't want Sade singing &quot;By Your Side&quot; to them after a crappy day???).  Also, this is great entertaining music, perfect for the guests coming over for the Holidays - during drinks (champagne,'natch).<br />The entire disc flows nicely and &quot;the 1st Lady&quot; is in fine voice...it's almost as if time has stood still for her.  Dispite all of the &quot;clutter&quot; in her life, she has put out an excellent product.  In fact, it will undoubtably withstand the same test of time that &quot;Love Deluxe&quot; and all of her older CDs have weathered.   My only (minor) complaint is that the CD is a tad short. But, to want more of Sade isn't a bad thing.....is it???<br />Buy this disc...you will not be disappointed.
B00004X01U|5.0|MUSIC is the kind of CD which has to be listened thousands of times to be fully appreciated. Once again, Madonna shows us a new style,with very well produced songs. Besides &quot;Music&quot;, you can also find &quot;Amazing&quot;, which is very similar do &quot;beautiful stranger, and &quot;Gone&quot;, with powerful lyrics about learning to love and letting go. &quot;Don't tell me&quot;, the second single from this album, is perfect, with its acoustic guitar and madonna's vocal. If you're looking for something new, this is your CD!
B000051VWW|5.0|I am so glad that SADE has this new CD.Her songs are great, music is wonderful and she has put a great selection of different beats in this cd.  Everyone should have this cd, its lovely and romantic and makes you happy, happy happy.
B000002G0P|5.0|Anyone just looking for a &quot;neat album with cool hits&quot; should keep on looking. Although Extreme does a great job on their third album, both lyrically and instrumentally, and the cool hits are there, it is the album's concept that pushes it to excellence.<br />Today, the idea of a concept album has sadly been lost. Bands cut their one hit, then surround it with other music they hope won't disappoint their customers. *Pornograffiti*, Extreme's previous album, was their first true concept album -- and the first good one seen in a while from anyone. Now on *III Sides to Every Story* they again choose a theme and write, not a song, but an album about it.<br />*III Sides* is about growing up. Extreme breaks it down into three parts. First, you hear what your parents and figures of authority have to say about the world. Second, you decide for yourself how you wish to view the world. And finally, the reality of the world steps in, testing both the worldview passed on to you and the one you have chosen. In the end, your life experience will cast the deciding vote on who's right: (a) parents/authority, (b) you, or (c) neither.<br />Most people would expect to find such a discussion of worldviews to be found in philosophy classes, in religious institutions, in homes -- but definitely not on a rock album.<br />Many ask, What's more immpressive, that a band discussed such themes or that they discussed them using such great music?<br />This limits the album. Anyone choosing a favorite song from *III Sides* has missed the point (much as radio stations beat the point out of Pink Floyd's *The Wall* by playing only &quot;Brick in the Wall&quot;). It is the whole of the album that counts, not just one or two songs; it is the discussion put forward that is critical, not the music behind it.<br />That Extreme chose a theme and examined it so well is applaudable. That they did so and made memorable music doing it is simply icing on the cake.
B000002UJQ|5.0|There isn't a band out there today like Radiohead who can put out music that challenges the listeners with the complexity of rock music with elements of electronic music layered through each composition. Granted that Ok Computer isn't as accessible as The Bends but Radiohead is a band that doesn't want to repeat itself with each album. While U2 bombed big time with their electronica-influenced album POP, Radiohead succeeded in melding the elements of electronica music with their brand of rock. I had to listen to the cd twice to grasp an understanding of the music which isn't a bad thing I think. Sometimes music needs to be as different as Ok Computer is especially now with all the teen pop that is flooding the record stores today.
0767830520|5.0|Taxi Driver has to be one of the seminal films to have come out of America. Blessed with a magnificent cast including Scorsese stalwarts De Niro, Keitel and a young Jodie Foster. The screenplay by Paul Schrader perfectly embodies the disjointedness of Travis Bickles mind, right from the start through to the sanguinary, almost hallucigenic conclusion. Bernard Herrmann provided his last score for this film and it is simply a sensational piece of work that will be stuck in your mind for days. The direction by Scorsese ( who also cameos as the guy in the cab looking at his wife)is masterly who he was not nominated for an Oscar for his work here is a great slight on the Academy. The film has become the ultimate statement against the emasculation of men by women and the rise of feminism. It was also Hinckleys defence for his attempted assasination of Reagan. The plot is quite simple it involves a Vietnam vet who has come home from war and is finding it hard to sleep so he decides he may as well get paid for driving around the city. From here we see random situations that Travis finds himself in. HE is a man that wants to &quot;clean the scum off the streets&quot; and yet he becomes what it is that he despises. Travis is best summed up as Betsy (Cybill Shepard) describes him &quot;a walking contridication&quot; From there Travis finds a young prostitute that he decides to try and take off the streets and such the stunning denouement begins to unfurl. This film is a magnificent experience. A must see for all who truly love cinema. The film was nominated for four Oscars (Picture, Actor (De Niro) Supporting Actress (Foster) and Score) and inexplicably De Niro did not capture the statuette. His performance in this film is one of the finest that you will ever watch. The endlessly parodied quote &quot;you talkin' to me&quot; came from this film. Although this scene is the most remembered from the film the breakfast scene between Travis and Iris is also one of the finest momentsthat modern cinema as captured. In short the film is a complete masterpiece.
6305095566|5.0|5 students in college take a vacation to a cabin in the woods. When they find a tape recording they play it. The recording unleashes demons who possess the students bodies. That's not all; the only way to &quot;kill&quot; the demons is body dismemberment. One by one the students are killed off. Until Ash  (BRUCE CAMPBELL-Lunatics: A Love Story,Maniac Cop)is left. He must now fight the demons with one weapon: An axe. This movie is totally gory and I recomend it to any Gore or Horror fan!  THIS MOVIE IS RATED NC-17 BY THE MPAA AND CONTAINS: COUNTLESS ACTS OF VIOLENCE AND/OR GORE, AND A VERY GRAPHIC RAPE-BY-A-TREE SCENE.
6304999275|5.0|Anastasia is one of the best animated movies that has ever been created. It surpasses Disney's constant futile attempts at animation which are always too cute for their own good. The best character in the movie is Rasputin(voiced by Christopher Lloyd and sung by Jim Cummings). His comical way of falling apart adds a likeable element to his personality and with his eerie ,but catchy tune &quot; In The Dark Of The Night&quot;. Christopher Lloyd really does an excellent job at bringing the spirit of Rasputin to life, and also, the comedic sidekick villain Bartok the albino bat brings a balanced out amount of evil in the villain to this movie.
B000002UA5|1.0|I love Pink Floyd. I enjoyed everthing from Meddle to the Divison Bell. But i would have to say that this is the worst album i have ever heard. I listened to it once and then never touched it since. It is terrible. Everybody here gives it 4 stars so it looks  like it is good. Is everybody scared to say something bad about pink floyd. Honestly this album is ridiculous.
B000000WJ4|5.0|Outstanding disc full of blues and rockin' music.  Perfect CD for driving.  This will quickly get your heart pounding and your foot stomping.  Wonderful mix of tunes and the usual awesome guitar playing of Johnny.  Not a bad tune on the CD.
0804106304|5.0|Family is one of the most important things in a persons life, and each of the ddaughter's of these four women found that out, and they may have found it out the hard way but they knew they were loved.  They knew that the way they were brought up was tp protect them from the evils of their pasts, so their daughters wouldn't turn out like they did.  I was moved by this brilliant and astounding story, I hope that when I have kids they know they are loved as muh as these daughters in the story knew!~<br />Anyway, I really enjoyed this book and the movie...I was moved to tears, and I think that if you want a nice chick book to read this is it for you!  Also if you like to cry sometimes~
B00003CXFG|5.0|Ludicrously enjoyable - Pitch Black is an engrossing, well-plotted, well-acted, well-paced hell ride of a movie, with solid characters and fantastic visuals. It also happens to be a very well-made film.<br />A group crash-land on a planet with three suns and for the first part of the film, everyone is looking for the psycho killer (Vin Diesel in terrific form) convict who escaped in the crash. Then the film suddenly changes pace and the real problems start - a breed of hideous aliens, comprised of mainly razor-like teeth, eating alive anyone who happens to cross their path. The good news? These aliens hate the light and can only survive in the dark. The bad news? The planet is about to go into a solar eclipse, where the planet will become 'Pitch Black' and all hell breaks loose.<br />But the real essence of this movie is watching it; the effects are incredible; the suspense sometimes unbearable. Fantastic!!<br />Watch on the big screen if you can, if not buy this (unrated) version now. In fact, stop reading this review right now and start watching a brilliant and exciting sci-fi shocker.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is the first jazz Cd I have bought in ages and I loved it from beginning to end.  &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; has to to be my all time favorite song though.  That and why should I care.  Diana's voice and talent for capturing her audience is marvelous!
1559408898|5.0|RoboCop is one of those very rare movies that really is as good as you remember. Peter Weller is a tough cop, Murphy, who transfers to a down-trodden Old Detroit of the future. Shortly after arriving, he gets trapped by a group of sadistic thugs who proceed to kill him - slowly - by shooting him to death. Murphy is then transformed into 'Robocop', a prototype half-man/half-machine cop programmed to help clear up Old Detroit.<br />The film does contain alot of violence (especially in the Criterion version which restores all 'excessive-violence' trimmed by the MPAA), but is genuinely exciting and entertaining to watch. The visuals are stunning, the acting is strong across all characters and Verhoeven actually manages to lift the film above its basic action/thriller stance, with moments of genuine emotional conflict and confusion for the characters.<br />The Criterion edition of this film is superb - the only way you'll probably get to see the full Director's cut of RoboCop. The quality of both picture and sound are typically excellent, given the film was made 13 years ago (it really doesn't seem that long ago, does it?) and audio commentaries are fascinating.<br />If you're even thinking of buying RoboCop, do not hesitate - buy this copy on DVD now! You won't be disappointed!
0316777722|3.0|Just a cautionary note: I tried to read a bunch of Sedaris' stuff in rapid succession. I liked &quot;Holidays on Ice&quot; and &quot;Naked&quot; so much, I couldnt' wait for this one. Well, I should have probably stopped and read some Spalding Gray or something first. Cuz I have to admit, I got a little tired of it all. After so many adventures with the guy, his come-what-may narration and constant striving for failure, well, you start to agree with him. I'm not saying it's not a good book. By all means read it if you can. Just don't OD on it, or like me, you will have a hard time appreciating it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is my favorite album of all time, period.  I love it.  In OK Computer, Radiohead is fearless and brilliant.  Not only is this album an intellectual and artistic masterpiece, it is simply beautiful, even in it's moments of pain or anger.  I cannot have a favorite song per se, but I also can't write a review without mentioning the special place Subterranean Homesick Alien has always held in my affections!
6304118406|5.0|When NBK first came out, it was either apluaded or hated. In other words, there was very little middle ground. Many said this was due to the controversial nature of the film; I would voice no disagreement to that. NBK was part comedy, part horror and part anguish- it mirrored life, but with a stained glass. Much of what the director, Oliver Stone, was attepting to accomplish with this film consisted of awakening people to the rampant hypocrisy that is evident all around us- we claim at once to be horrified at the violence we see, yet we are, undoubtedly, entertained by the talk shows that market such violence. Oliver Stone was not trying to make a case for those that commit violent acts; he was adressing the way we react to such violence. Obviously, people will have mixed feeling concerning the film- as I stated before, you will either love it or hate it. What's important here is not really your feelings concerning the film, it's instead the relevancy of the questions posed and how you answer them to yourself. It asks your awareness. It does not speak down to you. It assumes you are an intelligent, thinking person who is concerned with the crisis of our times. Love it or hate it, NBK is bound to make you question human behaivior and conduct.
B0000029DD|5.0|One day I was driving along in my friend's van to try to buy some Folk Fest tickets from a scalper (we ended up sneaking in by accident...but that's another story altogether). I still remember the exact stretch of road where this happened...we were listening to one of his odd mix tapes when he suddenly turned it up and said &quot;Rob, you have to check this out&quot;. And So Real began to play over the van's mediocre factory stereo system. I didn't know what to make of the song at first...kind of a whimsical, floaty piece, but I did recognize the talent behind the vocals and the music. As the song played on I suddenly began to feel this strange trembling in my soul, something that music had never done to me before, at least to that extent. And the way the singer held this amazingly high note at the end of the song sent my head spinning. &quot;Who was that?&quot; I asked...&quot;Jeff Buckley&quot; was the reply. It took me a while before I finally ended up purchasing Grace, and quite honestly it collected dust for the first little while after I bought it. It was very different than the Pearl Jam and the Metallica that spun in my CD player at the time. But that feeling I remembered from my first listen of So Real made me give it a chance. And boy, did it ever grow on me. Jeff Buckley isn't like any other musician. His passion for music is so intensely evident in his songs that, while other artists can come close, none seem able to surpass his ability to weave beautiful pictures with instruments and vocals. Especially the latter; Jeff's voice is the most incredible instrument that he has. I wish I had learned of his music before his sudden and tragic death, but in a way I'm glad that I didn't have to go through the sadness that many of his loyal fans did when they learned of his lifeless body washing up on the shores of the Mississippi River. I can understand that sadness because it's like losing a close friend. Jeff's songs have a way of touching your soul and comforting you when you need it most. I can't tell you how many times that I've listened to Last Goodbye and Lover, You Should've Come Over in sadness over a relationship and feel as though the song was speaking directly to me. Grace is the only album he completed while alive and has been a companion to me for a long time.  Anyone and everyone should own a copy of this album.
B000051VWW|5.0|this album has to be the most beautiful thing I haven't heard yet
B000002BUY|5.0|One of the benifits of working at a CD store was the ability to discover cool new bands by picking out a CD I've never heard of before and throwing it over the store's stereo system. That's how I discovered Incubus. I'd heard of them before in passing, and one day while closing the store I decided to give them a listen. The first two songs made me think that this was a decent band, quite talented, musically tight, experimental...and then came New Skin. My jaw hit the floor. The song was so cool that I almost cried. After a few more listens to the CD at closing, I was totally hooked. I didn't get paid for another few days and was broke, but I loved the CD so much that I snuck it home one night and taped it, then returned it the next day (I did buy the CD afterwards...sheesh! :) ). While bands like Faith No More and the Red Hot Chili Peppers may have pioneered the &quot;funk metal&quot; genre, Incubus have perfected it to an art on their sophmore release. Brandon Boyd's vocals are stunning, DJ Lyfe's turntables effects are incredible...in fact, the entire band is solid. The CD rips from the funky heaviness of New Skin and A Certain Shade Of Green to the experimental Redefine and Nebula...it even has a funky porn-style love song (Summer Romance (Anti-Gravity Love Song))! Probably the coolest thing about this album is that you can tell how much fun they had making it, and that adds to the fun you have listening to it. It's too bad that their newest release Make Yourself, while still a great CD from a great band, seems to have lost the experimental, fun, and funky edge that S.C.I.E.N.C.E. contains.
B000051VWW|5.0|this album has to be the most beautiful thing I haven't heard yet
078401213X|5.0|Max Cohen is a mathematical genius. He can instantly calculate any sum he is asked. He is fascinated by numbers. He is on the verge of uncovering a code related to the stock market. Others are interested in his findings; a Kabbalah sect, who think he is discovering numbers releated to their holy text, and a powerful Wall Street film are on his trail. All the while, Max is being enveloped by his own paranoia and delusion with the world. Shot in black &amp; white, this is an effective first feature from Aronofsky.<br />The DVD is great. The menus have the pounding bass music from the film playing on them. The picture is a good transfer in 1.66:1 ratio, and the sound is excellent in Dolby surround 2.0. The extras are plentiful. There are two seperate commentaries from director and lead actor, both good. There's a documentary behind the scenes of the film. This shows the making the film on a tight budget, and Arononofsky receiving his best new director award at the Sundance Film Festival. There's some deleted scenes, a music video from one of the songs from the film, a trailer, and cast and crew bios. Overall, a dark, enigmatic little film, given an excellent DVD transfer.
052594527X|5.0|I read Girl With A Pearl Earring over the summer and I was amazed when none of my friends have heard of it. It is one of the most lyrical reading I've done in a long while. The descriptions of the life then is very vivid ~~ I can almost smell the paint and see life viewed through the characters' eyes. Chevalier takes you on her journey through time and when you finished the book, you almost wish you weren't done. And it does take a few minutes to travel back to the 21st century ~~ so vivid is her description of life in Holland. I recommend it to anyone who has a few hours to spare to read and to daydream.
0790729628|5.0|I have seen hundreds of movies, from every genre exploited, and I can say that this is hands down my favorite. Don't go into this however, thinking that it is action, or you will be disappointed. Ridly Scott's slow-paced masterpiece is for the thinking man. To truely understand this films sole and purpose,  will require hours of thought and multiple viewings. A safe buy even if you've never seen it before.
068484267X|2.0|I found this to be a well written book but hopelessly boring.  Just when you think his life couldn't have been any worse as a child, things got worse.  There was no end to it.  I pushed through to the end and was dissatisified with the hollow feeling this book left me with.  <br />Again, if a depressing book with little plot variation interests you I would recommend this one because McCourt turned out a quality product.  I just need a little more variety in the plot to satisfy me.
B000005DQR|5.0|What an incredible album. The most satisfying piece of electronic music since Moby's Play and probably a more enduring one. The sound is rich: urban in a smooth, cool way; and with a layering that brings to mind the films of Wong Kar Wai, particularly Chung King Express. (Forgive the conceit, but Endtroducing so outstrips its genre that it bears comparing to other media.)  Sampled Jazz melodies give the satisfaction that Moby achieved with dance beats, but make for a more &quot;American&quot; work. Endtroducing is an album that proves there is pleasure in fragmentation; you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
B00004RF98|4.0|This musical is wonderful; it's one of my family's favorites. The DVD, however, doesn't do it justice. It is in pan and scan format with poor video transfer. I cast my vote for a proper DVD that this classic film deserves. Criterion?
B00004ZAV3|3.0|First of all 1 gets 3 stars because the songs are amazing but it doesn't get 5 because it left out too much and is not a good compilation of the Beatles greatest hits. It's only purpose is for someone who wants just a quick fix for Beatles greatest hits and does not plan to buy another Beatles CD. Bealtes 1 does not contain a single song from Sgt Pepper, The White Album, and Rubber Soul. The Red and Blue Albums are a much better showcase of the Beatles' best songs. It would work better as a double CD with other great Beatles songs like Norwegian Wood, Strawberry Fields, and A Day in the Life. Simply put, it is an inadequete representation of the Beatles' best.
0316777722|5.0|My absolute favorite humor writer is Dave Barry, but Sedaris gives him a run for the money.  His sense of humor is different than Barry's, but his ascerbic observations will have most readers howling in the aisle.  One of his crasser stories, Big Boy, had me gasping for breath.  Who hasn't encountered a giant turd &quot;no toilet paper or anything, just this long and coiled specimen, as thick as a burrito&quot; in a bathroom and has had to deal with it?  If this kind of humor offends you, pick another book to read.<br />His stories of trying to learn French are hilarious as well, particularly the American couple on the train who assume that Sedaris does not speak English because they are in Paris.  The husband says loudly to his wife, &quot;Peeeew, can you smell that?  That is pure French baby...this little froggy is ripe,&quot; referring to our narrator!  Of course, he understands everything, but doesn't want to give away his English abilities until he hears what other stupid things they have to say. I also loved the final story about his immigrant father who stashed away ancient food items so that they didn't go to waste.  After insisting on eating a very old carrot, his father pretends to enjoy it as the carrot, &quot;too weak to resist, quietly surrendered to the force of his jaws.&quot;<br />Sedaris is very observant and these essays are filled with self-deprecating humor and funny tales that will keep you reading until people on the train with you with wonder what is making you laugh so uncontrollably.
B000002BSV|5.0|Everthing music should be about...sex, drugs and glamour, I dont own this CD but my sister does, and I really like it. Great romantic music....I really like the way suede makes decaying filthy citys seem sexy and flashy, ultra cool man :) If you dont get this Suede CD buy one of the other ones, if you like flamboyant, romantic, dark, sexy music Suede is for you :)
B00003CXE6|5.0|Simply phenomenal.  I saw it 5 times in the theater (huge screen, great surround sound).  Russell Crowe grabs you by the throat in the opening scene, and doesn't let go until Lucilla has him carried out of the coliseum.  Phoenix is fabulous, Nielsen is beautiful, and a fine actress.  I can't wait for the video.
B000002BSV|5.0|Everthing music should be about...sex, drugs and glamour, I dont own this CD but my sister does, and I really like it. Great romantic music....I really like the way suede makes decaying filthy citys seem sexy and flashy, ultra cool man :) If you dont get this Suede CD buy one of the other ones, if you like flamboyant, romantic, dark, sexy music Suede is for you :)
0553210246|4.0|Having thoroughly detested Tess of the d'Urbervilles for its overload of melodrama and odious characters, I was hesitant to  It often seems that to be considered a classic, a work must be both lengthy and tragic.  Mayor is indeed a tragedy, but unlike start on another novel by Hardy.  It was then a happy surprise to find that The Mayor of Casterbridge, though less famous than Tess, is an infinitely more enjoyable work.<br /> Tess, it succeeds in drawing sympathy from the reader.  Thomas Hardy's irony is also much in evidence, and he comes across as quite witty.  The result is a concise and interesting mixture of humor and tragedy in which characters are reasonably likable.  Henchard is impetuous and comes to his end almost entirely through his own actions, but his actions are always motivated by realistic emotions and there is nothing overblown or melodramatic about his downfall.  Because he is so human and flawed, it is far easier to feel sorry for him than it was for Tess, Hardy's embodiment of the perfect woman.<br /> There are, of course, elements in Hardy's style that do not change from novel to novel.  His writing remains very Victorian and therefore rather ornate and longwinded.  Nor is the melodrama absent from Mayor-- events often take on such an absurd turn that the reader is left momentarily with the impression of a soap opera.  The plot relies heavily on coincidences, reminiscent somewhat of Dickens, and things work out so neatly and implausibly that incredulity must be firmly restrained.<br /> It is worth it, though.  Beneath the superficial plot lie careful writing and hidden parallels.  The elaborate Biblical Saul and David parallel with Henchard and Farfrae throughout emphasizes the unchangeability of human nature (the love/hate relationship between Henchard and Farfrae) and the cyclical rise and fall from power.  Hardy also uses limited third person narration that allows the reader to know the characters and events only through their actions and conversations, further evidence of a meticulously constructed novel.  In a refreshing change, Mayor moves along quickly with virtually no extraneous events.<br /> The Mayor of Casterbridge is an unusual book, and one that can be understood on multiple levels.  On one, it is the simple story of the fall of a proud man; on another, it is a retold Biblical story, updated but not deprived of its original power.  And though I never thought to say this about Hardy's novels, The Mayor of Casterbridge also does pretty well as entertainment...<br /><br />Ailannaconversations, further evidence of a meticulously constructed novel.  In a refreshing change, Mayor moves along quickly with virtually no extraneous events. <br /> The Mayor of Casterbridge is an unusual book, and one that can be understood on multiple levels.  On one, it is the simple story of the fall of a proud man; on another, it is a retold Biblical story, updated but not deprived of its original power.  And though I never thought to say this about Hardy's novels, The Mayor of Casterbridge also does pretty well as entertainment... <br /><br />Ailanna
B000002S4V|5.0|I agree with the other reviewers that this set of Beethoven's late piano sonatas is extraordinarily good. And while the performance of the &quot;Hammerklavier&quot; is extremely good (every review I've ever read praises it to the skies), I just can't help quibbling with the tempo of the first movement. Beethoven's metronome marking is for an extremely fast tempo (in cut-time, one-half note = 138), and like almost all pianists, Solomon plays it too slowly.  But he plays it faster than many. And his performance of the surpassingly beautiful slow movement is quite moving indeed.<br />The performances I like best on this set, however, are the lyrical sonatas: Opus 90, Opus 109, and Opus 110.  I wouldn't be without them, and sometimes they are almost daily fare. This is late Beethoven at its best. Get this set. You can't go wrong. Incidentally, the late English pianist and accompanist, Gerald Moore, always used to praise Solomon lavishly. After listening to these recordings, you will understand why.
B00004XMVM|4.0|This is a damned good sci-fi horror flick. Okay, it isn't really scary (more tension inducing than terror inducing) and you do have to take it with a grain of salt, but in general, it is a very decent movie for the genre.  I would say it is a fair bit like Aliens - same sort of feel, though not so humorous. (Well, they don't have a Hudson, so you know). <br />The beasts are great - sort of like dragons or basilisks with a bit of Starship Trooper bug thrown in. More straight predators than anything else, but with a genius for seeking out prey. The hardest part of the plot to accept is that anyone makes it out alive. Especially as the beasties dislike for light seems to fade when they get really hungry (see Johns with gun torch scene). <br />The acting is pretty cool by all actors, but yes, Vin Diesel is great as Riddick with his awesome &quot;shine-job&quot; and Cole Hauser has to come in for a mention with his fantastic portrayal of the morally ambiguous William Johns, bounty hunter. It was Cole Hauser who was the scene stealer in my opinion - Riddick was the central male character so he didn't have to steal scenes - they were already his.  Riddick and Johns were excellent characters and both actors gave talented portrayals. I was really surprised to learn that Cole Hauser was 25 in real life - he made me believe his character was a jaded 30 at the very least. <br />The 3 central characters (Radha Mitchell as Carolyn, Cole Hauser as Johns, and Vin Diesel as Riddick) were used to explore the theme of courage with interesting results. Personally, I would consider all three characters as brave beyond belief but I wonder whether the movie intends me to think that way - after all, all three of them do some questionable things in the name of survival. <br />The director of this film has a bright future - it was well done and convincing. You could see that some effects were low-budget, but they were used so well that it didn't matter. The opening scenes could be describedas awesome - the lighting, Riddick's voice over, the look and feel of the pilots area - all brilliant. All in all, a great movie and definitely worth watching more than once.
6305922756|5.0|A must-have for anyone who loved the movie. The extra footage is extensive and hilarious. And the movie itself just gets funnier every time I watch it.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|How can you have a greatest hits album without &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;? This song changed the Beatles', and the sixties', musical direction. Both sides of the &quot;Something/Come Together&quot; single are included while only &quot;Something&quot; actually made it to number one. Leave off &quot;Penny Lane&quot; if need be, but this collection feels incomplete without SFF.<br />That being said (I feel better now), the remastering improves the sound quality greatly over the original recordings. &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; are the two songs which benefit the greatest; Phil Spector's orchestration is pushed back in the mix and Paul's vocals are given much needed prominence. The CD booklet is great, showing various 45 sleeves from around the world. Any new addition to the Beatle catalog is welcome; I just ask for a little more thought in the song selection.
0792845730|5.0|The first time I watched Robocop i was very disappointed. It was just another bad movie - low on action. Later, I realized I had watched a stong cut version. (Hey, I live in Sweden) It took me a while, but eventually I got my hands on another version - still cut but not nearly as much as the first I saw. All the sudden this was a great, ultraviolent movie. Buy this movie, it is the best buy of your life! Robocop is a strong hero, but not immortal. He blasts bad guys without sparing any life's unless he have to. I'm dying to see &quot;The Criterion Collection&quot;...
6305736650|5.0|I've never been sure if this is the best movie ever made, but I'm sure it's among the top few. It seemed unlikely that there would be significant extra material included with this disk, but this edition includes some outtakes, as well as interviews with some of the principles. Also, there is some interesting trivia revaled in Lauren Bacall's documentary. Did you know that the mechanics working at the airfield are Little People, for instance, or why they were used? And, as you might expect, the technical quality of this format is excellent. But, the best reason to buy this disk is the movie itself. When I see the ending, I never know wheter to cry, cheer, or just shout my thanks to those who created this masterpiece.<br />Buy it, you'll like it!
B000001GXF|5.0|This performance of Schubert's \\"Trout\\" Quintet and the \\"Death and the Maiden\\" Quartet by the Amadeus String Quartet is simply first rate.  The great Emil Gilels joins the ensemble for the \\"Trout\\" recording, and needless to say his playing is outstanding and completely complimentary.  There are other stellar \\"Trout\\" recordings out there -- a recent digital disc featuring Yo-Yo Ma and Edgar Meyer on Sony, and another older analog stereo title featuring the Guarneri SQ and Emanuel Ax on RCA High Performance come to mind.  I have also enjoyed listening to versions of \\"Death and the Maiden\\" by the Emerson String Quartet, and the one by the Melos Quartet on the DG \\"Collectors Edition\\" box set.  If you are looking for a larger collection of Schubert's string pieces one of the aforementioned titles may be your best bet.  However, if all you desire is a quintessential recording of Schubert's two most famous pieces for strings, then you can't go wrong with this \\"DG Originals\\" disc by Amadeus.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|I am a big Beatles fan.  I have all of the CD releases of the albums, including the wonderfully remixed version of &quot;Yellow Submarine.&quot;  I have both Past Masters.  I have all three anthologies.  But I told people NOT to buy this for me since it would be a waste.  Sure enough, someone did buy it for me and I still think it's a waste of time.<br />When I first heard about this album, I figured that it might be like Yellow Submarine which, due to the remastering and remixing, sounds FAR better than the original CD versions of the songs.  I thought perhaps they'd do better transfers to the songs at the very least.  Sure enough, they didn't.<br />As already mentioned by other reviewers, there are a good number of &quot;greatest hits&quot; that never were released as singles or were singles that didn't fit the arbitary #1 definition.<br />This album is an insult to the true Beatles fan.  Give us better versions of what's out there now and clean up the sound.  Technology has advanced since when they first did the transfer of the albums to CD 10 to 15 years ago, but you wouldn't guess that from listening to this CD.  This is just another exercise in greed from EMI and Capitol Records.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I've often heard Fight Club referred to as &quot;The first movie of the new millenium.&quot; When I first heard this, I didn't know quite what to think, but as time went on, I understood it perfectly. Fight Club sets a new standard for ambitious and dark modern filmmaking. Edward Norton plays the unnamed protagonist, a man caught in the mind-numbing grind of everday life. He has become entrenched in a rut of mindless routine, and can do nothing to free himself. He develops extreme insomnia, and can only cure it by going to all sorts of support groups under false pretenses. Previously, he found meaning in the pursuit of material goods, particularly expensive designer furniture. After his apartment is utterly destroyed, he experiences an extreme crisis of faith. It is then that he calls upon Tyler Durden (Played brilliantly by Brad Pitt), a slippery (no pun intended) soap salesman that he met by chance on an airplane flight earlier in the evening that his apartment was destroyed. Tyler is everything our protagonist is not. He makes a living by rebelling against the system, with absolutely no fear for the consequences of his actions. He makes his soap from human fat cells discarded by liposuction clinics, and then sells it back to the very same people at a very high price. Tyler's sole purpose is to be a crick in society's neck. He splices pornographic images into children's films, as well as spicing up the soup at various country clubs. Helena Bohnam-Carter plays trashy Marla Singer,who invades our protagonists world by going to the same support groups that he does, under the same conditions. After their meeting Tyler and Norton's character find that enjoy fighting for the sheer fun of it. They create a Fight Club, which grows in size every day. Eventually Fight Clubs spring up all over the country. They begin to do more than fighting, as Tyler's power grows ever stronger. The group becomes somewhat of a terrorist unit, defacing buildings and artwork rather than killing people. As this continues, Tyler gains an almost god-like reputation, as the chaos spins further and further out of control.         Fight Club is truly one of the most creative (as well as shocking) motion picture experiences ever created. It paints a bleak picture of modern existence, but does it so creatively that you can't help but like what you see. Edward Norton, who is definitely one of my favorite actors, has never been one to shy away from bold and contraversial roles, and this movie is no exception. Brad Pitt plays the brash and cocky Tyler Durden to perfection, and really helps to enhance the overall feeling of the movie. This movie explores human existence, as well as the human mind, on an entirely new level. This movie is a perfect statement for the so called &quot;lost generation&quot; of people that comprise Generation X. This movie forces you to examine your views on life, and if nothing else is a powerful statement of cutting-edge modern filmmaking. Fight Club is rife with action, suspense, and a wonderfully sardonic sense of humor. Fight Club demands the viewer's full attention from beginning to end, and leaves them spellbound, to sit back and think about what they just saw. Fight Club is not for the weak of heart, it is for those who want a movie that will completely blow them away. This movie is also good for multiple viewings, as each one will reveal more subtle nuances that make the film that much better.      The bottom line is this: Fight Club is truly a statement to a new generation of people, a movie that simply blows you away. If you are willing to explore new realms of modern filmmaking, then give Fight Club a try. You will not be disappointed. This movie sets the standard for an entirely new genre of film.
6305807426|3.0|OK, nobody watches a Dario Argento movie expecting a great plot. Its just the immense style and care he handles his movies with. So just about everyone can easily lose track of the plot and concentrate on the gracefully-staged killings and highly original (sometimes outragous) story elements. The problem with INFERNO is that (despite the fact it has some nice Argento touches, some great scenes involving an underwater chamber and an old man getting eaten by an army of rats), the plot is so thin that in this case you tend to somewhat ignore SOME of the Argento trademarks and start wondering what the hell is going on!<br />An American music fan returns home from Rome after getting an urgent call from his sister. By the time he returns, she's already dead so he handles the case himself finding the SUSPIRIA-type killer which somehow relates to an evil myth.<br />INFERNO isn't really such a bad film. With horror maestro, Mario Bava giving it his last shot with the special effects (he died the same year), the film has some kind of punch and, though it is fairly slow, it feasts the eyes with some nice imagery but as I said, it just DOSN'T MAKE SENSE. Argento helped Bava's son, Lamberto on DEMONS five years later which I found a little bit more fun.
B000000I0Q|4.0|Genesis guitar virtuoso Steve Hackett beats Peter Gabriel to releasing the very first Genesis solo LP in 1975, when the latter left after \\"The Lamb\\" tour ended in France. Originally released in the UK on Charisma/Virgin and the U.S. on Chrysalis. Mostly instrumentals, Steve proves to be the dark horse of the group. Mike and Phil cameo. Mike Oldfield's sister Sally sings on the last track, good enough to be covered by Charlotte Church. On the next two Genesis LPs, he doesn't write as much as he'd want to, but lets it all out here and the next solo LP which I also reviewed.  US reissue with bonus tracks coming sson!
B000002H6C|4.0|Sometimes I think this is my favorite Metallica album. Favorite or not, it's hard to see how anyone can bestow reproach on such an incredible record. Metallica incorporates long, complex instrumental passages into their lengthy songs...err, not songs -- *compositions.* Simply calling them songs would be almost insulting. The title track is especially laudable -- a dazzling tour de force. Instrumental virtuosity is highly emphasized on this album, more so than before.<br />People whine about the production, and yes, it certainly overshadows a few of the album's merits. On the bright side, the cold, mechanical sound fits perfectly with the intellectual, progressive music and the album's sociological/political theme. Hetfield's singing has improved tremendously since Master of Puppets. He sounds more like a real metal vocalist and less like some young punk trying to growl.<br />Album structure sort of parallels that of the excellent Master of Puppets. The first and last songs are the slick speed metal tracks. Both are excellent and overshadow both Battery and Damage Inc from MoP (which are GREAT songs, so that's no mean accolade). Song two is the long title track, which I've already discussed. The fourth song is the most popular from this album, and one of the band's most well-known songs: One. This is an AMAZING song...it starts with elegant, slow, clean electric guitar and gradually builds to an unforgettable machine-gun-esque riff that brings the song to its incredible climax (topped off by some of Hammett's best solos). The second last track, &quot;To Live Is To Die&quot;, is essentially an instrumental (a la Orion), with a little vocal interlude in the middle. A tribute to former bassist Cliff Burton, this song features seamless melody changes that move the song from mind-numbingly heavy to florid and light. This is the band's best instrumental, anchored by a sorrowful acoustic number that plays at the beginning and the end. The middle, with its fluid guitar harmonies and aching melodies, is just gorgeous. Why doesn't the band do more of this kind of thing?! Oh yeah, it's because they're rotten these days.<br />If I was stuck on a desert island with only one Metallica album, it would be this one. It's musicianship is superior to their other releases, it has the best lyrics of their pre-Bob Rock days (though they are a little contrived, at times). The production sucks, but this is one of those albums where it doesn't ruin the experience. Who needs bass anyway...the guitars are where it's at! (If this were Jazz, then not hearing the bass would be a problem. It's not that I think bass is unimportant, it's just that Metallica's music was never written to make bass all that important. It usually just layers the guitars, which are bottom-heavy enough anyway.)onies and aching melodies, is just gorgeous. Why doesn't the band do more of this kind of thing?! Oh yeah, it's because they're rotten these days.<br />If I was stuck on a desert island with only one Metallica album, it would be this one. It's musicianship is superior to their other releases, it has the best lyrics of their pre-Bob Rock days (though they are a little contrived, at times). The production sucks, but this is one of those albums where it doesn't ruin the experience. Who needs bass anyway...the guitars are where it's at! (If this were Jazz, then not hearing the bass would be a problem. It's not that I think bass is unimportant, it's just that Metallica's music was never written to make bass all that important. It usually just layers the guitars, which are bottom-heavy enough anyway.)
B00004TL21|4.0|After listening to White Pony for a few times, it really amazed me how good of an album it is. No other band out there really sound like the deftones so it's all was interesting to listen to them. Currenty, white pony is probably my favorite deftones album. Songs that really stick out are knife party, change, RX Queen and digital bath.
B0000029LG|4.0|Contrary to many critics and reviews, Michael Jackson's HIStory is more than just a collection of songs. The second CD reflected Jackson's turbulent experiences but yet he still shows compassion. The music on this CD is diverse, it can appeal to anyone. If we just listen to his story and the music, we will appreciate what he is trying to say. The most beautiful ballad on this CD is &quot;You are not alone&quot;,&quot;Smile&quot;, and &quot;Childhood&quot;  The best dance tracks are &quot;This Time Around&quot;&quot;2BAD&quot;,&quot;Scream&quot;, &quot;Tabloid Junkie&quot;,&amp; &quot;They Don't Care About Us&quot;.  Other intriguing tracks are &quot;Little Susie&quot;, &quot;Earth Song&quot;, &quot;Money&quot;, and the title track &quot;History&quot;. The only song that the CD could have done without was &quot;D.S.&quot; but that is just my opinion. The remake of Lennon/McCartney's &quot;Come Together&quot; was previously recorded several years ago and it too rocked! I think this CD is a mature Michael and he has the right to evolve and try different material. Even if Michael will never be able to top his success he had with Thriller, so what! Thriller was from a totally different Era and that would do Michael an injustice to compare the two. Besides, Michael is &quot;The Man&quot; and he has set the standard for music videos, dance, and song. He has nothing else to prove unless he wants to. Michael is the King of Pop but he is human and no one stays on top forever. Being the legend that he is, he will always get respect.
B00004YZFR|2.0|Unfortunately, thanks to propaganda galore, this concert went down as an infamous event depicting what can go wrong at free concerts and eventually symbolized the end of the flower power movement.  In reality, all this concert shows is what happens when a bunch of ignorant tuff-guys park their most prize possessions in the middle of 200,000 people and are in charge of security.  What did they expect, a magical halo around their motorcycles at a rock concert?  Of course people bumped their bikes, then fighting broke out and so on.   <br />As for the DVD, don't expect a documentary of a Stones concert because it's more a documentary of a riot.  Satisfaction and Jumping Jack Flash are an awesome beginning but it's all downhill from there.  The first few songs are from the 'Get Yer Ya Ya's Out' album in Madison Square Garden.  This is the best the Stones have ever sounded and if this concert were entirely remastered it would be the best DVD ever.  However, in this DVD most of the songs are interrupted with interviews or preparation of the concert.  And sadly three of the best songs, Wild Horses, Brown Sugar, and Gimme Shelter, aren't even live footage. They have to start Sympathy of the Devil over once and none of the later songs go smoothly, which is a real shame because the live footage sounds really good.  Even Tina Turner's incredible song is also cut short.  <br />This disturbing film shows a man getting stabbed, a fight scene with Jefferson Airplane, and mob violence throughout. This is a movie more for people who enjoy those Fox specials (i.e. When Animals Attack, Crazy Police Chases...), violent sports injuries or things of that nature. I can't see watching this repeatedly as some reviewers indicate. Don't get me wrong, the Stones sound good but it's tough to enjoy Under My Thumb when people are crying and getting beaten up.  Plus Mick has to stop and start singing throughout.  Maybe if you're board or unhappy with your own life, this will help you temporarily forget it. However, if you're a Stones fan who just wants a good concert to enjoy or fall asleep to at the end of a night of partying, go with another Stones concert, the Pearl Jam DVD, Rattle and Hum, or the Cunning Stunts DVD by Metallica which sets a new standard for concert DVDs.  Being desensitized to movie violence, movies like Reservoir Dogs and Braveheart are excellent, but real violence doesn't entertain.  This DVD is impressively remastered in DTS and has a great picture but poor replay value and incomplete songs make it not worth the money.  I only wish this effort had been used to remaster the entire Madison Square Garden concert and not wasted on a bunch of bikers who can't understand why the Stone's took song long to start even though the act before them, The Grateful Dead, cancelled their set at the last second.
B000051VWW|5.0|What can I say? Another powerful and moving piece of work from the Goddness herself. I think it's the kind of album that all serious Sade fans were hoping for. Counting the days until I can see her live in concert! This is a must-have!
0767853636|5.0|This has to be the best version of Annie there is to own.  I refuse to compare it with the Broadway version because theater adds/removes from Broadway productions.  The cast in this production does an outstanding job.  Carol Burnette does a great job as Ms. Hannigan and the kids do an outstanding job as well.  The only complaint I have is of Punjab and his \\"magic\\", but he has a minor role in the movie that can easily be ignored.
0783239408|5.0|See this movie.  It will amuse you, shock you, amaze you; mostly, it will remind you to notice the beauty that surrounds you.  Marvelous performances by the actors will keep you entertained.  This movie will also leave you thinking about and appreciating the ordinary aspects of your life.  It may also prompt some people to make necessary changes in jobs, relationships, and selves.  That's good, too....Don't be afraid of change.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|I've been a fan of the Beatles since late '63.  Saw them 3 times live in San Francisco (including Candlestick...their last).  Saw them on 2/9/64 and 2/16/64 Ed Sullivan shows.  I have all vinyl albums (multiple copies), bootlegs, CDs, MFSL Beatles collection, VHS and DVD movies.  When it comes to the Beatles I'm a diehard Beatles maniac.  But I'm going to pass on this album.  If you've got the whole treasure trove, I suggest you do also.  If you don't have everything, it may be worth it.<br />Do what I did.  I took the whole collection and decided what I wanted to listen to, what I felt was their best stuff, and made my own &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; CD collection.  It took 4 CDs, but it's what I want.  If I decide I want this particular grouping, I'll burn it myself.<br />What I'd really like to see is more stuff like in the Anthology series.  To me it's interesting to hear the way the songs evolved, to detect the differences between these raw cuts and the songs as they were ultimately released.<br />Save your money...make your own!!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first came accross this artist after a reinstall of my os.  My browser popped up Microsoft's default home page.  I saw link to a music file under the name Dido.  Something told me to go ahead and click on it, what the heck.  I downloaded Here With Me.  I then replayed this track about 3 times a day for a two days, then at least spun it up a few times a week.<br />On my next reinstall I couldnt find this mp3 on the net.  It was really frustrating.  I searched for awhile and eventually found most of the album, alternate mixes, background volcals from other songs, etc.  I listen to this artist alot now.  My favorite was Here With Me, but now I am stuck on Afraid to Sleep, a live version.  Dido reminds me of when I first found Jewell.  I was flipping channels and stuck on her video, she was beautiful and her voice grabbed me.  I bought her album right away.  After that the music channels and radio stations played her to death and I couldnt listen to the album any more.   Well I have even higher hopes for Dido.  Her voice has a similarly arresting quality to Jewell.  When her voice hits a certain point in a note and breaks the emotion travels straight from her to the listener.  However, she is never rough or overwrought.  The quality of the lyrics is also top notch, real life situations and laments.  Combining these real and moving lyrics with her real and moving voice is a knock out.  I want to support this artist, even though I already might have more of Dido's music on my pc, I bought her album today from Amazon.  I am excited to bring this music home to my wife and let her in on what has been moving my soul at work for a month now.  Recently I found some awesome pics of Dido on the net.  She is as beatuiful as she is talented.  Cheers!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Simply put, the no 1 hits (yes, 27 no 1 hits in a seven year period!)by the greatest musical entity this planet has ever known or will ever know...these guys were simply incredible...deserves 1000 stars!!!
B00000J7SO|5.0|&quot;Street Legal&quot; is a pivotal album in Dylan's career.   If you want to get autobiographical about it, it marks the final coming to terms with his broken marriage after the turmoil of the two previous albums (&quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, &quot;Desire&quot;) and the beginning of his turning to God which was the subject of the next three (&quot;Slow Train Coming&quot;, &quot;Saved&quot;, &quot;Shot of Love&quot;).<br />But it is MUCH more than a personal chronicle.  Musically and lyrically, it is his most complex and in some ways his best work.  The three long songs, &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot;, &quot;No Time to Think&quot;, and &quot;Where Are You Tonight (Journey Through Dark Heat)&quot; have the richness of imagery of Dylan's best albums from the 60's (&quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;, &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;), the emotional power of &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, the spiritual awareness (though implicit rather than explicit) of &quot;Slow Train Coming&quot;, and a degree of formal poetic unity and discipline greater than any of them.   Dylan is the only songwriter in the world even capable of such control of rhyme, meter, and diction.<br />Also first-rate are the nasty blues &quot;New Pony&quot; and the beautiful &quot;Is Your Love In Vain?&quot;; but every song is strong.  <br />The band is fine.  I have an old disc, not the recent remastering, so I can't say how much the sound mix has improved, but the disc I have, though somewhat muddy and indistinct at low volumes, sounds fine if it is played LOUD.  <br />Dylan's singing also reaches something of a peak on this album -- with the agility of &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; and &quot;Desire&quot; and the exuberant emotion of &quot;Saved&quot;.  On the whole, I'd have to put this one in the top 5 (after &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, &quot;Highway 61&quot;, and &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot;, tied with &quot;Bootleg series Vol 3&quot; and just ahead of &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; and &quot;Oh Mercy&quot;).
B00003W8NM|1.0|I'm not one to shy away from movie violence... I loved Gladiator, Braveheart, Seven, Terminator, Silence of the Lambs, etc., but in those movies the violence was a realistic and necessary part of a compelling story.  Nothing could be further from the case here.  People are reading way too much into the value of the senseless violence and destructiveness in this movie.  Granted, the last time I was in a fist fight was the 5th grade, so maybe I'm missing some kind of erotic thrill that these characters get from beating each others heads in, but the only way this story reflects the &quot;destructiveness of our society&quot;, is if you live in a prison.  The quality of the film is fine, but the grossly exagerated story is offensive to both the mind and the eye.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Upon vanquishing yet another enemy on the battlefield, Julius Caesar once famously crowed, &quot;Veni, vidi, vici&quot; (&quot;I came, I saw, I conquered&quot;). The same can now be said for director Ridley Scott, who with Gladiator, resurrects and reinvigorates the Roman epic.<br />Moviegoers may not have been pining for such spectacles since speeding chariots last rumbled through theaters in 1959's Ben-Hur and 1960's Spartacus, but the juiced-up Gladiator proves there's still plenty of grappa left in the genre.<br />Gladiator tells the bloody saga of Maximus (Crowe, in a star-making turn), a fictional warrior whom the movie plops down in 180 A.D. amid real figures from Roman history. Maximus's bravery, brains and decency have earned him the respect and loyalty of his troops and the admiration of Marcus Aurelius (Harris), Rome's ailing emperor.<br />When the emperor tells his preening, power-hungry son Commodus (Phoenix) that he intends to name Maximus as his successor and make Rome a republic, Junior goes wonky. Maximus barely escapes with his life and ends up -- the film is murky on just how -- enslaved and forced onto the provincial gladiator circuit (imagine WWF Smackdown! with swords and massive blood loss).<br />A thoughtful script which embraces texture and context, Gladiator (bring on the tigers) is ferocity filled. Its pull is potent, thanks to the razzle-dazzle fight scenes (the opening battle rivals that in Saving Private Ryan) and a magnetic performance by Crowe (The Insider), who shows just the right combination of heart and brawn.
0783241399|5.0|This portrayal of the life of Rubin \\"Hurricane\\" Carter is very accurate. Its scary the influence prejudice has on people. Denzel Washington's performance makes you really feel his anguish and struggles. The supporting actors and actresses compliment him well. The line hate put me in this place and love is going to bust me out certainly is inspiring.  People need to realize that this a story that needed to be told and those readers who vote against positive reviews of this movie need to ask themselves why these accounts are not helpful.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I find it interesting that the best album of all time (The White Album) didn't contribute a single #1 song to the Beatles.  I had thought the 'Back in the USSR' or 'Obli-di-Obli-da' made #1.
0345350499|5.0|I read this book 3 years ago, and fell in love. I gave it to my mother, my grandmother and all of my friends. We all found some semblance of ourselves in each character. It inspired my mother and I to explore our own Celtic heritage, and to question everything we learned in church. It also helped the two of us grow closer as friends, not just parent-child.   This is a novel that will always have a special place in my heart. I found it inspiring as a woman, and a future history teacher. I recommend it to anyone that loves Arthurian legend. It's a fresh twist on an old tale that will have you enthralled to the very end.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a great CD. It's unlike any other in my music collection---songs usually all sound the same, but *Play* has 18 tracks that vary mainly from blues/gospel to techno, and &quot;Body Rock&quot; even has a hip-hop style.  My personal favorites are &quot;Run on,&quot; and &quot;My Weakness,&quot; both having excellent harmony. &quot;Porcelain&quot; is another great tune. &quot;South Side&quot; has an excellent beat, like pretty much all of the other tracks. All I can say is: I wasn't a Moby fan before I bought *Play.*
B000051VWW|5.0|The new album is great, as good as Promise or Love Deluxe.  Fans should buy it IMMEDIATELY.  It's similar in style to Love Deluxe, low-key, smooth and unforgettable.  If you've never heard any of the great music Sade makes, try this out--it's amazing.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is a caricature of sexiness.  She takes the slow groove of r&amp;b music to a level of smoothly minimalist absurdity.  Sade represents an overblown iconic representation; an archetype of the rhythm and blues scene that goes beyond reality into a realm of rainy sexuality... permanently wet. and permanently postcoital.  This CD will make you feel like you are naked in bed on a rainy sunday afternoon in late autumn.  It's so smooth it's scary.  Big hits with By Your Side, Every Word, and Somebody Already Broke My Heart.  A definite must-buy for people enamored with Sade's later dubby works.
B000005H7D|5.0|As a young tenor sax player a teacher gave me a transcription of a song called blue train.  At the time I had never listened to jazz.  But the transcription intreged me so I went to the store and bought the albumn.  I put it on my cd player and was wowed by the blue train and lazy bird.  Without this cd I would never have listened to miles, sonny, thelonius, or cannonball.  Yet after hearing great albumns like kind of blue i still think that the blue train record is as good.  definetly one of the best jazz albumns of all time.
0446310786|4.0|While my book favorites are usually modern murder mysteries, I was impressed by Harper Lee's _To Kill A Mockingbird_.  The plot sequence is excellent and has the reader constantly hoping the good will win.  There's also the suspense surrounding the Radley Place and &quot;Boo&quot; Radley, and everyone can relate to the narrator, Scout's, innocence and curiousity.  Personally, I was bored by many details that Lee throws in as extra facts, but if you love description, you'll love this book!
0789723107|5.0|There's a good Dilbert cartoon which categorises bosses into various types, one being the 'over promoted' who compensates for his lack of technical understanding with the use of complicated jargon and management doublespeak. Lots of books about the internet and computers read like this, as if they're written by people who are afraid to communicate ideas in simple terms because they fear it will expose their fragile knowledge base.<br />Thankfully, in Don't Make me Think, Steve Krug has renounced the temptation to shove in complicated words and tecchie details, and consequently has created a book for normal human beings. <br />That doesn't mean it is dumbed-down - not in the least. It surely takes more skill to present information in a pure and simple format that it does to blind the reader with science.<br />An alternative title could have been The Emperor's New Clothes, because Krug has exposed the myths behind usability and called it for what it really is, just plan, straightforward Common Sense.<br />Don't read this book if you want to learn about complicated system architecture and networks. Do read it if you want to learn what people do on Web sites.<br />The beauty is, you probably already know what's in the book if you have ever used the Web at all. But what Krug is able to do is make you see and interpret what you know and turn it into practical improvements.<br />A must buy book for Web developers.
B00000JG41|5.0|Having been a &quot;little&quot; bit shocked about what I have heard on the first album &quot;Mr. Bungle&quot; I expected to be shocked once again when the band released their third work.  Well, I was right but this time the band made a surprising turn which few of the fans would expect.  Now, I am not going to write whether this or that album is better but definitely this one is the most pleasant to listen to and yet not all of the songs are as calm as Pink Cigarette or Retrovertigo.  Thanks to all sudden changes in rythm and melody the band managed to remain true to its style (if there is one) but has come up with songs that really could be played in any radio station.  If any of you are willing to start listening to Mr. Bungle I would recommend California as the nice intro to what I believe true and real music is.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Danish actress Connie Neilson steals virtually every scene she appears in, yet rarely makes the lead credits for this high-impact film.  With some re-write, this film could have become a blockbuster like Titanic which appealed to both men and women.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Great on DVD but where did the 3 minutesof extra footage go.  And what is sexy about this film?  It was scary, and enjoyable.  My family loved it and we did jump several times, and had to rewind for our slower family members who missed some of the subtler humorous or scary elements.  A thoughtful horror/sci fi film,  a nice change of pace.
0312966199|2.0|All Things Bright and Beautiful  By: James Herriot  The book is about a man named James Herriot. He lives in Darrowby,England and has a wife named Helen. He is a veterinarian who works on farm animals.  He is a very nice person and cares for the animals and the people as well. As a writer he only writes about the things that happen to him.  He has written several books like All Creatures Great and Small, and The Lord God Made Them All. He lives in a hilly area and his house is on a hill  One experience he has that shows compassion, is an old dog named Jacque. Jacque is a dog who chases cars. Then one day he gets a wife and they have puppies. The pups start to over throw him. Until one day, the owner sold the puppies to different people. Then the dog did not feel old so James was glad. James showed compassion for Jacque by being concerned for him because, the dog's where running faster then him and he was afraid that the dog would feel that he was becoming unnoticed.<br />  Another experience is when he is going to a field to deliver a lamb deliver a lamb.  He has to go find the lamb then they went to get the lamb out. But the lamb gets stuck he try's to get it out but it dies.  Then he gets a lamb that is an outcast. He skins the lamb of the dead animals and puts the skin on the outcast so the mom thinks he is her lamb.  And the mom accepts him.<br />  James shows compassion towards others.  He is a great person in the book and is an understanding man. He cares for the animals and the animals care for him. So it is a mutual fulfilling relationship. I recommend this book to people that wish to go in to the veterinarian business, because it talks about how to do different technique
0446310786|4.0|When I started reading this book I just could not put it down.  The story was told through the eyes of a little girl in Alabama during the depression.  The plot revolves around the trial of a black man and a white girl.  It has many themes; race, predjudice, class and fear are just a few.  The hero of this book was Atticus because he stood up for a black man in a time when it was very much looked down on.  Atticus is the father of the narrator and also the lawyer.  He stands up for Tom while everyone else in the town is looking for murder or revernge.  His self-confidence and control is what really stand out and make this book.  For it being in a time when blacks were blacks and whites were whites, Atticus really shows a another and better way.
0553106635|1.0|Like the first two this one is well written but it's not going anywhere fast enough. Please wrap things up better Mr. Martin. It's like watching a very well crafted night time soap but you have to wait a year for the next episode. By then how can we remember the vast array of characters and and their complex inter-dealings? I wish you would conclude the Big Clash while still leaving room for a sequel. I feel like the books just end in the middle, leaving me robbed.....especially after forking over the $$ for a hard bound edition, as I did this time. Before I buy the next one I'll wait and see if things are wrapped up better ( by reading reviews) or I'll move onto other series. Had there been a more completeness to the main parts of the storie I could have easily gone 5 stars......I'm just to FRUSTRATED!!
034538072X|4.0|I was very impressed with Weir's good writing and meticulous reserch.  Still, I had a couple of problems with this book that I have not seen expressed by other readers.<br />My first problem is that I did not find the book particularly well-organized.  Weir seems to struggle between a chronological and subject matter based structure to her book.  The result is that she tends to jump around quite a bit and often repeats herself.<br />My second problem is that most of the rather large amount of text that Weir devotes to discussion of tudor fashion and architecture was wasted on me.  Indeed, I cannot imagine that anyone without a fairly extensive exposure to these subjects could really visualize what Wier is describing in these passages.  Although I might not be as familiar with these subjects as some of her readers, I imagine that most are more interested in the profound impact that Henry's wives had on 16th century politics than in the clothes that these women wore.<br />The book is a worthwhile read on the whole, but I would advise those who are not tudor history buffs to expect less than a &quot;five star&quot; experience.
0375704027|5.0|although i am an avid fan of murakami's work, this book moved me much more than his other books.  very few books i have ever read  affected my emotions as much.  i read small chunks at a time in order to make the story last longer in my mind and prolong the inevitable ending.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Don't get me wrong.  I'm quite The Beatles fan.  I've been to Beatlefest.  I'm a Beatles encyclopedia. But I will not be getting this CD.<br />Although this compilation is full of Beatles hits (and quite a lot of them too....we all know how amazing each of these songs are), the album itself is poor.  Let me explain...<br />The Beatles strived, in each album, to create a beautiful context.  Sgt Pepper, for example, was full of hits, but it was an amazing ALBUM.  Each song blended together magically.  <br />However, we can not say the same for this album.  This CD goes from Love Me Do...to Come Together.  There seems to be no flow at all.  And the &quot;flow&quot; of each album is what The Beatles are legendary for.<br />My advice: If you want to buy an album purely for content, this is your album.  If you want content with some context, I would advise getting the two Greatest Hits double-CD sets (Red and Blue Albums).  Of course, if you want the true Beatles experience, you should buy each album individually.<br />By the way- where is &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; on this compilation?  Didn't that song change the course of music forever?<br />-Brad Levinson  (WinsOBoogi@aol.com)
B00000I3JD|5.0|Lauryn Hill is truly an inspiration to me. She touches me in the very deepest of my heart in this album. I especially love Ex-Factor, Can't Take My Eyes Off You, Every Ghetto, Every City, and the title of the album, The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill. I remember the first time I discovered Lauryn Hill. My mom rented the video, Sister Act 2 and I was already a fan by then. I was only five at that time. I hope she will produce many more albums like this and may she stay successful forever in all her entertainment business career!
B00004SU5J|5.0|Without question, this is the best CD I've heard in a very long time.  It's a near-perfect blend of sounds - jazz, dub, techno, blues, lounge, funk and latin flavor.  Navarre has created a sensational stew here. It's a savory feast for the senses.  If you close your eyes, you can hear a sax off in the distance, a flute floating in and around you.  You can hear John Lee Hooker whispering some blues riff to you as the lights of the club pierce your soul, taking you on a wonderful trip down the rabbit hole. <br />Each track offers something new..  Cough up your cash and sample this wonderful collage of sounds.  I promise you'll love it..
B000051VWW|5.0|I really enjoyed this cd. The girl has come back in full force. The first song by your side is the best thing I have heard in awhile. If you are a true Sade fan then you will more than understand this cd. The songs are beautiful.
0312965788|5.0|All Creatures Great and Small By James Harriot  Dr. James Harriot is a veterinarian living in the Yorkshire Dales, in England, the early 1900's.  In my book All Creatures Great and Small, James Harriot wrote about the unusual events that happen to him as a veterinarian assistant.  Other titles by James Harriot are Cat Stories, Dog Stories, All Things Wise and Wonderful, All Things Bright and Beautiful, and The Lord God Made Them All.  The purpose of his books is to prove that things aren't always what they seem. In the first chapter of the book, he is working at a &quot;calving&quot;, when he finds that the calf is in the wrong way.  He tries to pull him around, but a man called Uncle disturbs him the whole time.  He finally pulls the calf out and goes home.  In the second chapter he's going to Darrowby to apply to become a veterinarian assistant when his employer, Mr. Farnon isn't there.  So he waits for the whole day until he finally comes in and shows him around the Dales. A very sad chapter is Chapter 6, when Dr. Harriot is called to a sick horse.  He rushes out there and discovers that the horse has a classical torsion and is dying.  When he tells the owner this he gets furious, but before the owner can do anything, Dr. Harriot rushes out to get an injection and finishes the job quick and easy. In conclusion, Dr. James Harriot is a wonderful writer. He has great talent.  I would recommend this book to anyone because of the daily chores he does and the activities that an animals' life could depend on.
0880389052|5.0|First of all, I love to read.  Ever since I learned how, I have always been with a book.  At any time of the day, any time of the year, people could ask me, &quot;What are you reading now?&quot; And I could answer them.  I have read hundreds upon hundreds of books in my lifetime.  When people would ask me what my favorite book was, I would laugh and say I hadn't the faintest idea, then name a few top ten that I enjoyed.  But after reading the Dark Elf trilogy, I can now answer that question.<br />Yes, the Dark Elf books are the best books that I have ever read in my life.  I literally could not put Homeland down when I started reading it.  The vivid way the city is described, and the complex forms of life within it (the Dark Elves, or drow) are some of the best I've read in a novel.  The Dark Elves themselves are extremlely intriguing - they are constantly betraying one another, and &quot;family&quot; has no meaning to them...the first few chapters should show you that well enough.<br />The characters are brought to life in such a masterful way that I actually found myself thinking of alternate paths the characters in the book could have gone down.  From young, trusting Drizzt Do'Urden, being betrayed by his &quot;friend&quot; in the maze, to strong Zak'Nafein, his father, who has endured these long years and must face the fear that his son will become just another evil drow.  There are many, many other characters who I believe are some of the best in modern fiction.<br />The very notion of young Drizzt Do'Urden, a good, true-of-heart drow who must try to survive and stick to his principles in this evil world would by itself make for a great novel.  But there is more to it then that, of course.  <br />Last but not least, this book is certainly inspiring and uplifting.  It shows that, no matter how great the odds, if you stick to what you believe in, and never give up, you will succeed.  I believe that everyone who has any interest in literature should get this book,even if you don't like fantasy.  It has truly helped me through some tough times in my life - I am so glad I read it.  It is a book you will remember for the rest of you life.  Not necesarily Homeland alone, but also Exile, and Sojourn.  I personally went on to read the other Drizzt books - I'm sure you will, too.
B00003CXGP|5.0|Recommend this to anyone out there that likes a good heavy violent film ......  I have watched this about 10 times now and have yet to get borred .. It is a bit over the top in places which make it quite ammusing.
B000002G87|5.0|Where popularity is concerned, Eric Clapton just keeps on keeping on, but he reached his artistic peak 30 years ago with the release of this superb double album. To be fair, how do you top this? Clapton was understandably devastated that the album he obviously put his heart and soul into failed to sell in numbers. Even the title track, which now seems to get as much air play as 'Stairway To Heaven', wasn't a hit until years after its initial release. Perhaps Clapton's tactic of releasing this 'anonymously', a la The Band, worked too well.<br />Having said that, it would be a mistake to see Layla as a solo album. While EC wrote the very best tunes, Bobby Whitlock makes important contributions, as does Jim Gordon, who wrote and played piano on the title track's beautiful 'second movement'. More importantly, despite the star-studded nature of the band and the extensive soloing throughout, this is ensemble playing at its best. The guitar marriage of Clapton and the great Duane Allman was made in heaven, evident everywhere but most especially on 'Any Day' and 'Why Does Love Got To Be So Sad?'. Whitlock's keyboards and immensely powerful voice add vibrant colours to the sound, and Gordon's drumming is simply stunning (just listen to the intro to Bell Bottom Blues).<br />While Clapton's brilliant guitar playing comes as no surprise, his vocals are a revelation. For the most part he seems to be singing at the very top of his range, his voice about to crack at every turn, but this only adds to the emotion he is able to evoke. Here is a man on the edge.<br />It goes without saying that the title track is a classic, but other standouts include 'I Looked Away', 'Bell Bottom Blues', 'Anyday', 'Tell The Truth' and 'Why Does Love ...'  MOJO's editors must have had a blank when they left this out of their top 100 albums. Essential listening.
B000001GRE|5.0|Wow! Now this is great stuff! This symphony is certainly my favorite of Mahler's symphonies and perhaps one of my favorites of all symphonies I have ever heard. Still, I have not heard a conductor or orchestra really give the work its due. Oddly enough, I found myself disagreement with many of Boulez's interpretive choices yet still convinced by them since they were executed so well. So often I hear an interpretation that is very valid but does not come off convincingly for lack of hubris or assuredness. One even hears this in Bernstein's version occasionally, who pretty much was the master of this piece, and even in Tilson-Thomas's wonderful new recording there are moments that do not coalesce as they should. Many find Boulez's interpretations icy, as he continually emphasizes textural clarity and rhythmic motion over emotional considerations. And yet, the beauty of those crystal-clear sonorities and the drive of the rhythms creates a kind of emotional aspect all of its own. To place one's self in the world Mahler, Boulez, and the Cleveland Orchestra put before us and simply bask in the sound of it all is really a wonderful thing-the pure pleasure of it will move you in ways the older recordings never could. Of course, DG's flawless recording adds immeasurably to the experience. This version is certainly not does not say everything the symphony means to say, but it makes some great points for itself and there is never a weak moment. A must for collectors, a worthy buy for anyone, and simply great on its own.
B00004YA66|3.0|Watching this movie sparked a part of me from my youthful days, a slower time of growing-up and enjoying my family and friends. Father worship, bigger than life, mister invincible all rolled in one. And than there's the Sci-Fi involvement of what if... and that intrigues me very much especially when it is done very well. My background is graphic design/ computer art and I'm usually looking at how the special effects were done. Portions of the movie used great graphics and some used not so great, but you get passed it by the story line (simple). All in all Frequency was entertaining and that is why I liked it. Yes, I would see it again.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill's self-debut album &quot;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill&quot; is an aggregation of a variety of musical styles and categories.  The slow rhythmic beats of &quot;Can't Take My Eyes Off of You&quot; and &quot;Nothing Even Matters&quot; provide a great sense of romantic love; While, the fast-talking rap lyrics of &quot;Final Hour&quot; and &quot;Doo Wop (That Thing)&quot; warn listeners to beware of the dangers of sin.  Other songs, such as &quot;Every Ghetto, Every City&quot; and &quot;I Used to Love Him&quot; are testimonies of the trials and tribulations she's endured and the great memories she has of her childhood.  Her soulful musical background and large appreciation for Bob Marley are evident in &quot;Forgive Them Father&quot; and &quot;Lost Ones&quot;, which possess a reggae edge.  Perhaps the most touching song on her album is &quot;To Zion&quot;, which is a tribute to her son \\"beautiful, beautiful Zion.\\"  Lauryn portrays what, in the entertainment industry, has been a lost element-- originality.  Until &quot;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill&quot; was introduced to the musical scene, banality had replaced creativity causing a cycle of laid-over tracks, sampled songs, and overused lyrics.  This explains why critics and judges received her album with open arms full of Grammy's (eight to be exact) making the proclamation, \\"And the Grammy goes to... Lauryn Hill,\\" a platitude within itself.
0679735909|4.0|Byatt's novel is an excellent example of 90s literary fiction: take the conventions of genre fiction (in this case the detective story) and onto that graft some philosophic/literary/postmodernist discourse which is almost always extraneous to the story itself but which explains/subverts/contextualizes the story to please historicist.  Is this the latest attempt to break the bounds of &quot;realism&quot;?  (Another example is ALIAS GRACE by Margaret Atwood, which resembles the form of this novel closely.) POSSESSION is at its best when it sticks to the genre conventions; it builds palpable tension with some hilariously delineated characters.<br />Byatt questions what we mean when we talk of an author's &quot;voice,&quot; and the oscillation from one form of text to another creates a nice energy, although I'm tiring of this narrative at this point and hope the new millenium brings some other perspectives.  I recommend this book strongly, although skip ahead whenever Byatt feels the need to talk about psychoanalytic sexuality.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Do you really want to REVIEW this album?  Do not bother - just buy it :)
6305095574|5.0|this is quite an interesting film...mostly pointless? yes.  rather cheesy acting? somewhat.  too much gore to be taken seriously? i would say no...as odd as it seems, i would say this film isnt run by its gore-factor, which is a damn high one, possibly the highest ive ever seen...it uses the gore-factor in a way that can be viewed as actually frightening, such as in a scene where a girl gets HARSHLY stabbed in the ankle with a pencil and they just focus on it and the blood oozing out for almost 30 solid seconds...long enough to make you at least get a little squeemish, if not freaked out from thinking &quot;who would think of putting that in a movie&quot;, but you'll be thinking throughout the whole movie, such as the vine-rape scene, the evil screeching of the possessed demon-kids, and just the horrifying appearance of the kids when possessed...i've never seen zombies, demons, or whatever look this cool...Evil Dead 2's demon's looked cheesy, but these ones were gruesome...i liked Evil Dead 2 cos of how funny it was, but this movie is a pure favorite of mine and i reccommend it to anyone, either people just starting into the horror genre and looking for a GOOD start, or horror fans who havent seen this and are looking for something &quot;new&quot;...it is the ultimate in the genre of pure horror
B00003CXAR|5.0|Everyone knows the story of jaws and everyone has seen the movie...now get the DVD version.  Not only do you get a classic tail of a dangerous shark incident, you also get a digitally remastered version of the movie including rare interviews and never before seen footage that will blow your socks off.<br />This version of jaws ranks much higher then the original VHS movie.  The digital picture really makes the movie more life-like and believeable.  I have loved this movie all of my life and finally finding this movie makes the overall view of jaws in my mind a whole lot better.<br />I recommend this movie to anyone that has already seen the movie but hasn't seen this version of the tale yet.  I don't want to get you people confused making it sound like a whole new movie...but with the great technology that we have today, you, the people, are allowed to view this classic like you ever thought possible.  Honestly folks, you gotta check this one out.  You'll love it!<br />Thanks for reading my review and have a nice day!
0783229011|5.0|The story opens to 'Babe' at the pig farm with his mother, brothers and sisters enjoying an affectionate family moment. Out of the blue the mother is dragged away to 'pig paradise', a place so wonderful that no pig has been known to come back. Because Babe has such a special loving heart he is crying in his pen and is thus easy to catch when a couple of farmers arrive to catch a baby pig to take to the fair for a 'guess the weight of the pig' fund raiser. In this way is Babe saved from the butchers knife for the first, but not the last, time, and thus begins his life on 'Hoggett Farm'. Here he meets many animal friends, is adopted by an Australian Shepherd Mother dog who has had to say farewell to her puppies, and finds his place, eventually, herding sheep who respond to him because he is such a nice little pig and always polite. This movie broaches some pretty serious issues (first of all - yes - people do eat pigs, and ducks too, but also subtler ones like stepping out of your predetermined niche in society, being kind and loving when it doesn't always seem benificial on the surface of things, that sometimes people (or animals) can appear 'bad' because of bad things that have happened to them), yet does so in such a gentle, caring and humorous way that even the youngest child is unlikely to be upset by it. The imagery is very lush, old fashioned and 'romantic', the acting is superb. And HOW DID THEY DO THE ANIMATION?? It is beyond me. You would swear that these really are talking animals. Adults and children will enjoy this film. My daughter fell in love with it when she was less than a year old and I have seen it easily fifty times now. I still love it. I can not find a flaw in the plot, the acting, the deeper philosophical issues brought up. It is just about a perfect film in every way.
B00004XONN|2.0|I love Radiohead but this album is good only as background music while working or driving. The music is not worthy of paying full attention to.  This kind of work has been done before by Brian Eno and Robert Fripp/King Crimson. It may be good music to cut your wrists to, but it is worthless for anything else. I think the band tried really hard but it is really important that they go back to their real strength and genius which is the intertwined and beautiful guitar work that they are capable of.  The only reason i gave them 2 stars is because there is one truly great and beautiful song and that is &quot;How to dissapear completely&quot; which is a lovely work of genius.
B00004ZELJ|1.0|Save your money, the dts 5.1 is terrible.  The picture and instruments are pretty good but the vocals sound very distance and in fact you can see their lips move and you hear nothing. I can't believe the group would release this DVD, maybe thats why the price is so favorable.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is SO good, they have what music today has lost in the glam, shallowness of the MTV image thing. They DO NOT pose for pictures for teen beat or go on total request and create this whole persona about them, and say they would &quot;just like to thank the fans for all their support&quot; and then soak them for another fifteen dollars so they can buy a calendar w/ their picture on it.<br />  What they do, however, is make the best music that I've ever heard. To me, they are the modern day Pink Floyd and the best band of the 90's. This album, above all the others, displays tool as a band that is just not content with a 3:30 minute single, instead their biggest song, Aenima, of this cd is over 6:00 minutes long (which almost all their songs are over 5:00 minutes)  shows how much exploration can be done in yust a single song.<br />  The best tracks are &quot;stinkfist&quot;, &quot;H&quot;, &quot;Jimmy&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Eulogy&quot;. If you want music that has no lyrical meaning or musical ability than go somewere else. Tool is more than a contemporary rock band that does weird videos, but and cornerstone of metal.
B00004ZELJ|1.0|Save your money, the dts 5.1 is terrible.  The picture and instruments are pretty good but the vocals sound very distance and in fact you can see their lips move and you hear nothing. I can't believe the group would release this DVD, maybe thats why the price is so favorable.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|You probably shouldn't, but can't help but try to compare this movie to the German submarine classic movie `Das Boot'.  In my eyes it just doesn't compare. There are just too many plot holes and unbelievable plot elements, mainly in the battle scenes, to make this one enjoyable for me. Bad melodramatic acting, particularly Paxton, and horrible musical score didn't help. There is one short `making of' featurette covering several aspects of making the film but nothing amazingly interesting was revealed.  Most of the techniques were pioneered in other movies. Even with CGI, which wasn't available 20 years ago when `Das Boot' was filmed, U-571 still doesn't look any better than `Das Boot'. Having the production designer from `Das Boot' couldn't make U-571 on par with `Das Boot.' A interesting 1940's news reel on the capture by the Americans of a U-boat is historically entertaining as well as an interview with one of the British sailors that captured the first Enigma machines. A short interview with a historian of the Enigma machine is included, but gives only cursory information, that is better covered in other documentaries. An interview with the WWII submarine consultant is included, but mainly consists of him stating, \\"Yes, this could have happened,\\" and \\"Yes, that is realistic,\\" etc. I didn't find it all that interesting. A trailer as well as a two bonus trailers for other films, Pitch Black and EdTV, not even of the same genre are included. The trailer shows scenes that were cut from the final film and these should have been added to the DVD as a bonus feature. The commentary is adequate with the director/writer talking about mainly what he was trying to do. He was trying to remake earlier American submarine movies that he loved as a child and it shows. Hence the overly patriotic theme, visuals, music, acting and script. Overall, there is nothing in the bonus features or the film itself that would make me want this in my collection. If you want a fantastic submarine film and DVD, get the re-mastered Director's Cut `Das Boot' DVD.
6305252521|5.0|After seeing the Truman Show on DVD, I thought this was one of the best movie I've have ever seen. I wondered why did I miss this on theaters. When Big Brother came on CBS, I thought it was a spin off of The Truman show with the exception of the people who are in the house knew that they were being watched.<br />The movie also makes me wonder if somebody brilliant enough would take on the same idea from the Truman Show and do the same thing.<br />This movie is outstanding and deserves a perfect 5 stars, great music, acting (Jim Carrey of course), best movie of the year.
6305842442|2.0|Amazon has been met with more than 300 reviews for the DVD version of this movie. It is clear that the movie is of much concern to many people. When I first viewed it in the theaters, in the early 80's, I was somewhat disappointed. The story seemed too subtle, despite the very original sound and visual elements of the film. Yet I found myself watching it again and again on video and now once on DVD. The more I watched it the more I learned to appreciated it, and now regard it as probably one of the most intriguing movies to come out of Hollywood ever.  The essential story: After thousands of years of civil existance humankind now has developed technology to such a degree that he/she is able to create life in his/her own image(sound familiar?). But can humankind handle that level of power. Responsibility and advanced technology, synonymous? What happens when the created seeks the creator to ask for more? The director of the movie takes this situation and translates it into an incredible piece of highly detailed audio visual work. 2019 LA, rain, over population and confusion- a new world awaits them. The means to create life synthetically while most of the natural population seems to be able to just get by... even in this technologically advanced future.  I gave the DVD version only 2 stars. Why? I have seen all versions and conclude to subscribe only to the European. It is the least cut and most original. In addition, the Directors Cut lacks, in certain ways, the effect of the original. The DVD offers only limited extra features in comparison to its VHS video counterpart.<br />Precision Engineer: micro systems technology (nanofront)
0345403959|5.0|Belgarion bullied his grandfather into writing the missing tale of what happened before the Belgariad and Malloreon series, and like Garion himself, I was very curious about Belgarath's life. The book therefore did not dissapoint me! David and Leigh Eddings are now at a true literary level with their writing, for besides even their great style of writing, they can capture readers and make them part of the lives of their characters. <br />Every fase from Belgarath's life was different and intriguing and like the sorcerer himself, you're sorry when they are over. But new times bring new thrills and even as Belgarath experiences for himself, one time will replace the next. His peaceful time in the Vale was replaced by his friendship with Cherek and his sons; the loss of his wife was compensated by his daughter Polgara, whom he had to educate.<br />Belgarath is a wonderful, complex character and when you read this book, it's like hearing him tell the story to you in person!
B000050HTO|3.0|It cant be called essential..It is missing to many songs, but I only need to say one EVERY GRAIN OF SAND. I do think that the albums are put together and the music flows. The real true problem I found was the feel of two songs is lost. The first is Song to lose its feel is QUINN THE ESKIMO, you can hear Bob very clearly but the hootannany feel is certainly lost. The same problem comes along on I SHALL BE RELEASED, RELEASED loses all it backwoods feel, and sounds to flat. It's to bad because the essential BOB is on GREATEST HITS VOL.2 where you get several songs that make you think Bob is jamming in your kitchen while Rick Danko cooks pasta and Levon Helm downs a bottle of wine. I think this is a good album to have and the second disk is put together very well ending with the full version of THINGS HAVE CHANGED. If you are a big fan or a person looking for a start this a good set to have. Sincerly Chris Slavensky ps. I meant that Rick and Levon thing get hits vol.2 and you will love those two songs.
0453007686|5.0|I am an education student and I was looking for a book to read to my fellow students in one of my night courses and fell in love with this book.  It is a great story and I think good for any age.  I am going to try it on adults. I think they will get a kick out of it..
B000051VWW|5.0|Scroll through to the DSM review, &quot;Classic, Classy, Soulful Woman, etc.&quot; :    TIME STANDS STILL<br />Quite.  <br />I shall attempt no interminable diatribe (as I am irrevocably wont to do) on the world, and what it has been like having to wait nearly a decade for this voice.  I likewise have nothing of consequence to say about her new music, nothing that will do it justice.  You may look for the chroniclers to do that more elegantly in the coming months.  <br />What I can say is that fluidity, a kind of fluidity has returned.  Movement.  She could never really leave.  That pale, importunate voice bears a tinge of permanence.  But LOVERS ROCK is something very like the first time; she's come back.  So the sky is back to shimmering blue, the best of the wind is his subtlety, elusive, carrying the ever-changing face of clouds.  Solitude is once again bearable; intimacy is once again made easy.  And a satiated silence is a welcome after clamouring for her to speak again.  After all this wait, time stands still...and she moves me.  She is SADE.
0152465030|5.0|This book, from a view of an innocent child with hidden beautiful messages is just gorgeously written. Every time you reread this book, it will become a whole new book with different important messages you might have never noticed in your life.
B000000H57|5.0|Yes, in my opinion, this is the best Type O Negative CD out there.  Filled with dark beauty, yet never going too far, each song on here belongs.  Most people buy it for &quot;My Girlfriend's Girlfriend&quot;, but if that is the only song you listen to, you are ripping yourself off.  &quot;Red water (Christmas Mourning)&quot;, &quot;Wolf moon&quot;, &quot;Love you to death&quot;, &quot;Haunted&quot;... the list goes on and on; this CD, simply put, is a masterpiece.
B000051VWW|5.0|One Woman, One Voice, nothing more is in need of saying--  This album is EXCELLENT.
B000000H6D|5.0|Called Type O Negative's greatest work by some, this CD is a definate must for any fans collection.  Anyone who owns this CD loves it, the songs never seem to get old.  It varies from humor to anger to depression to love, each song having its own identity.  My own personal favorites are &quot;Christian Woman&quot; and &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot;, however as I said, every song on the CD is definately listenable.  If you're a fan of Type O Negative and do not own this CD, you owe it to yourself to pick it up.
B0000009XP|5.0|A blues album for the hard rocker. This is the way blues should be played-raw,reckless and loud. In an era when most music-even the blues is watered down, it's great to go back to this jammin' album and listen to one of the true masters play his craft to the hilt.
B000051VWW|2.0|This much anticipated follow-up double cd to Love Deluxe, falls into a different category and genre.  Unfortunately, it would be hard for any artist to be able to follow up to such a powerful album as Love Deluxe.  The best songs on Lovers Rock are By Your Side and King of Sorrow.  The other songs tend to use the same monotonous drum machine pattern, that after a while bores you.<br />I am not disappointed by this double cd, but I am not overwhelmed neither.  Although the album is cohesive and follows a good pattern, it does not provide the smooth and erotic flow that Love Deluxe had.  As stated it would be hard to follow-up on a song like No Ordinary Love, the ultimate love song of life.<br />This is a good album for your collection, but it will not be one you listen to the most.  It is a good buy, but you will prefer to listen to the 2nd CD which contains live recordings of past songs, including a great live rendition of No Ordinary Love.  It would be for the 2nd CD that I would recommend this album, as the live songs are worth their weight.<br />Unlike SEAL, SADE did not direct this album into a different dimension of sound for fans.  Instead, it focused on two or three themes and continued with that alone.  If you are a collector, buy it.  If you are not a collector, may I suggest you purchase the 18 track compilation or Love Deluxe.
0553106635|5.0|This series does what a truly great fantasy should always do.  Rather than playing up the fantastic elements of the series Martin concentrates on his characters, sculpting them all into true three dimensional living beings.  This is why Martin's fantasy world feels so real.  I don't believe a book or series has ever been written with more Byzantine plotting, with more twists and turns and strange coincidences that sometimes end up being more than coincidences.  While the first two books had their share of climactic events, they really served a dual purpose of fleshing out the characters for the intense events of this third book.  Even most of the villains garner a touch of sympathy as nearly all the characters are victimized by the &quot;game of thrones&quot; they play.  If you haven't started reading this series go out and buy the first book and start on it right away.  Other books will seem inadequate to you after you finish this one.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|The band Crowded House had a lyric in a song a few years ago that said something about &quot;trying to catch the deluge in a paper cup&quot;, and that's what this CD reminds me of.  Any attempt to distill the essence of the Beatles on a single-disc &quot;greatest hits&quot;-type thing is to do everyone a great disservice.  Trust me folks: the Beatles experience must be heard in its entirety or you're gonna be missing a whole lot of magic.  CDs like this one exist only to make record label presidents even richer than they already are -- please don't encourage this ugly practice by buying this lame release.
0553106635|5.0|This series does what a truly great fantasy should always do.  Rather than playing up the fantastic elements of the series Martin concentrates on his characters, sculpting them all into true three dimensional living beings.  This is why Martin's fantasy world feels so real.  I don't believe a book or series has ever been written with more Byzantine plotting, with more twists and turns and strange coincidences that sometimes end up being more than coincidences.  While the first two books had their share of climactic events, they really served a dual purpose of fleshing out the characters for the intense events of this third book.  Even most of the villains garner a touch of sympathy as nearly all the characters are victimized by the &quot;game of thrones&quot; they play.  If you haven't started reading this series go out and buy the first book and start on it right away.  Other books will seem inadequate to you after you finish this one.
6305609691|4.0|The first time I saw Apocalypse Now for my 9th grade Vietnam War project I knew I had seen something special, but was left saying &quot;huh?&quot; Upon furthur viewing and reading the book it was based on It's becoming a little less hazy, but it's a film I'll be watching over and over again just to get underneath all those layers of the story. The film is topped with great performances my Martin Sheen and Robert Duvall. The other actors in the film are also great. The cinematography is excellent and the great transfer does not dissapoint. The sound is pretty good, but it could've used a little more bass. Overall the sound and video are great, but it's the lack of extras that dissapointed me. Although you do get the napalming of Kurtz's compound with or without commentary, that's about it for extras. A Francis Ford Coppola commentary for the film might've been nice. Oh well. Overall it's a disc well worth purchasing.
0743200799|5.0|This book is much more than just another volume about the Apollo era. Written by famous former flight director Gene Kranz himself, it provides a very detailed and personal look into the world of mission operations from the early days of manned spaceflight to the end of the Apollo program. Besides being very interesting and thrilling it's also full of funny anecdotes. But moreover, &quot;Failure Is Not an Option&quot; is a story about the virtues that have to be developed in order to reach goals and make dreams come true. Tough and competent, discipline and morale are like the central thread in this story which is, in a sense, about an unfinished work. It is a story about teamwork as well, and while Gene Kranz is giving this wonderful account of his work and life at NASA's Flight Control Division he is introducing to us many of his former teammates in the attempt to send men to the moon and return them to earth safely. He credits people most of the readers probably never heard of before, but who still deserve to get mentioned more often. And, of course, not to forget: he also writes about his great wife who had the idea of the now famous mission vests. <br />Gene's absolute dedication shines throughout all the pages of his book as well as his absolute honesty - especially when mentioning other person's greatness and at the same time talking about his own faults. This is sure not the biography of some egocentric person who only sees his own accomplishments. Rather this book is a guideline for all the space buffs out there. The work is still unfinished and the author leaves it up to all us readers to learn the lessons and then do our share of the job. This precious book gives us the means to do so. So, if there is anything negative to say about the book, it's only that it's too short.<br />Thank you Gene for giving us this opportunity to learn from you!
B000051VWW|4.0|Like many, I'd thought perhaps Sade had decided not to return after her private life became somewhat public and her lovelife seemed to mirror her often downbeat lyrics.  This album proved a surprise in its arrival but was a disappointment in its content.  There are certainly good grooves and tunes that meet the expectations left from Love Deluxe.  But unlike the editors comments I think there are the 'latest' beats.  There is no doubt a drum machine on this record, the sax is gone, and overall it suffers from a more mechanized sound than previous pieces.  Sade's voice, as ever, shines through.  There are acoustic riffs, and the more stripped down tunes prove her abilities.  But once the drum machine beats kick things turn less focused and the music becomes less involving.  It is great for background tunes, but the grab you by the lapels intensity of some of Love Deluxe on back through her catalog is only occasionally seen here.
B000002MTR|3.0|I can't say I was overly impressed when this album came out.  Something was missing.  The 2 fantastic albums with John showed to me they had found their perfect line up. I think with Dave they went in an interesting step in the wrong direction.  Don't get me wrong, I am also a fan of Janes Addiction, but this union did not work for me.  However there are some really good tracks on here: Coffeeshop, My Friends and the best of the album, Deep Kick.
B00001NFCY|3.0|The first 5 songs on this CD are good, Wrong Way in particular is an excellent song.  After this however it is all downhill. Simply put Creed is not an original band, they take the distinct sounds of Pearl Jam and Alice In Chains and try to mold them into one but fail miserably. If you like this type of music then check out the Stone Temple Pilots because they do the same thing but throw in some of their own flavor and make it sound more original.  Creed on the other hand can't sustain itself for a full CD doing this and it shows.  Never Die is a blatent rip off of AIC and would have been a b-side to that band whereas With Arms Wide Open tries to recreate a Pearl Jam power ballad but just can't pull it off the way that band can.  If you think you like this music then check out the grunge bands of the early nineties as they were much better.
B000002UTH|5.0|This album is under-rated and often over-looked by younger fans. This was the first album I ever bought (that I admit to anyway) and it still sounds excellent today, if not better.  The album contains the classics Jungleman, Catholic School Girls Rule and Hollywood which most fans will be familiar with.  The cover of If You Want Me To Stay is a favourite with most people I know, but my favourite has to be Black eyed Blonde: Hillel and Flea at the fastest and funkiest.
B0000028M7|5.0|If you have not already heard any of the songs off this album then I don't know what you were doing during the early 90's but you obviously weren't paying attention to music.  For those of you who have heard some of the songs you know what great songs they are, what you might not know is that all the ones you haven't heard yet are equally great too.  You can't beat songs like Angry Chair, Godsmack, Would?, and Down In A Hole. If you liked any of the music that came out of the early 90's and don't own this album yet I don't know what your problem is, this is as essential as it gets.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Clean/clear as always - but the remastering job made the music hotter than ever. Jumps right out of the speakers. Rock 'n roll!
B00004XOWM|3.0|Well I was waiting for this album for months and months. And as soon as I got it, boy was I disappointed. Yes I am a true LIMP fan, and because of that I know that they can do several million times better. Gone are the songs such as Break Stuff, 1999 and Nobody loves me-now we have some other stuff which I dont know whether to love or hate. The stand out track for me has to be Boiler - which no-one has mentioned, and Hotdog. I don't know how long it'll be till their next album - please let it be much better than this. But it will grow on you after a few weeks!
B000051VWW|4.0|Before there were the Erykah Badus , Macy Grays and Jill Scotts, there was Sade. The original neo-soul singer. 8 years since her last new album, she hasn't lost a step. She gives her audience everythin they would expect from her. Never does this album cross over into the trashy stuff that female &quot;singers&quot; sing about today.
B000001Y42|4.0|This album took me a while to get into-after the softer option of Sig. Oth. But then I truly believed that Limp were the band for me and that when I was old and grey, I would be pumping the sounds of this cd out of my window at the old peps home. That is what this album did to me. This album was the best that Limp had to offer and even though they have gone downhilll since, I am still holding out hope. And am I the only one who thinks that John Otto is underated? Buy this album to awaken your senses
6301969588|5.0|This movie is such an excellent one, I used it in a disability training with my staff.  <br />I manage a department in which people work with troubled youth.  Recently, we started receiving admission requests from youth who are considered &quot;disabled.&quot;  I arranged a training entitled &quot;Our views on disabilities&quot;.  This movie was a great way to open.  It portrays disabled people as people, regardless of what we may consider extreme limitations (one man has no arms or legs).  We get to see the characters' personalities, fears, passions and frustrations.  These character portrayals were a refreshing change from the many movies, then and now, that make fun of disabilities from stuttering to quadraplesia.  <br />There are scenes that are very hard to watch, especially in a world where any imperfection can result in rejection, mockery and repulsion. It's sometimes hard to see the characters as people because they are not what many of us consider &quot;normal.&quot;  But that is just the point.  What makes me &quot;normal?&quot;  Perhaps it is the fact that no one readily sees my flaws because they are there.  <br />I am not trying to underscore or make light of the obvious limitations of the characters or take away the legitimate empathy one might have with their struggles.  However, the larger question of what &quot;disability&quot; means in terms of being human and worthy of love and respect is what the movie tries very successfully to address.  I was moved to question my own thoughts on the matter.<br />A must see.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Well this album is ace - I guess 'I made god' and 'a music fan' were obviously listening to another album and got all confused. Limp are damn good - no they aren't the 'deepest' musicians ever, but they are good at what they do. This album is a new sound especially over here in the UK, and nothing I have heard since Sig Oth has come close to being as top class.
6302194296|4.0|Being a big fan of these old horror movies, I had read a lot about Nosferatu but never thought I would get the chance to see it.<br />Even though it is a silent film, the organ music is captivating and some of the scenes leave you spellbound! It was definitely a spinoff of Dracula. Having seen that 1931 classic, I was able to keep up with Nosferatu even better.<br />Too bad this movie didn't have sound. Some scenes were really creepy, particulary Orlok emerging from his coffin in the bowels of the ship, coming out of the hold amid the sea of rats, and sneaking to the old home he purchased, carrying his coffin.<br />This was my first silent film to ever watch, and I wasn't disappointed. Count Orlok's look was genuinely creepy, to say the least. And how fitting that the actor who portrayed the count had the last name of Schreck.<br />Wonderful effort, considering it was 1922. Saving this film, even though it was clearly plagarism, preserves the history and genre of the early horror films. A must see for horror movie buffs!
B0000296SI|5.0|Blink 182's Enema of the State is a new and more general public friendly cd. The group is receiving an undeserved bad rap just for slowing down their pace, which has gained them a major label and sold them tons of cds. The teenybopper frenzy over them is just as disturbing to me as it is for other punk fans but what did Blink 182 really have to do with that? They are singing about the same topics that they have always sung about just in a light and friendly manner. It should not bother the other punk fans; they did not betray the music. It is still punk at heart. Besides, I would much rather be able to turn on the radio and hear them than some unrealistic boy band that does not write or even play their own music. All of Blink 182's songs are about real life and the experiences you pass through on the way. They are both passionate and honest and it is very refreshing to hear something worthwhile that you can relate to.    The songs often deal with teenage boys' angst of growing up and dealing with the problems every teenager faces. In &quot;Adams Song&quot; a boy faces what his place is in life, thinking of how insignificant he is in the harsh world that surrounds him, and contemplates whether life is worth living. In &quot;The Party Song&quot; a boy finds out that appearances are not always what they seem, and finds out that &quot;some girls try too hard.&quot; It is their beat that helps create the anti- everything rebellion that beats in every teenage heart that makes them appealing, but it is their playful angst and their cry for the truth and answers that really lures people in. They transcend through any genre that people try to catagorize them in. Their lyrical content, great musicianship, and overall true-to-life spirit will keep people coming back for more.
B00003CXDG|5.0|First of all, let me say this: I am a fan of John Woo and his highly stylized, over-the-top action scenes in all his movies, so I do not have to tell you that I like this movie very much...not as much as his Hong Kong movies, but anyway, it's awesome. But, I am supposed to talk about the dvd, so I will tell you, the video is perfect, the 5.1 soundtrack is...how can I say...just plain COOL. For all of you (and me)audiophiles, do not worry about the absence of a dts track, because you don't need it when you have such an awesome dolby digital mix. Oh, the extras consists of three featurettes, one with interviews with the cast and crew, one for the stunts and another with a scene selection, so you can see the work involved in each scene. Also, there's the &quot;Mission Improbable&quot; spoof from the MTV movie awards, which is vey funny, the &quot;I Dissapear&quot; video by Metallica, and a feature-lenght commentary track by THE MAN himself, John Woo. And for those with dvd-rom, there is some decent stuff too. All in all, if you like the movie, you will love this dvd.
6305892806|5.0|Anyone purchasing this movie and expecting a typical adaptation of Austen's novel will be disappointed. Unlike the BBC productions and the recent Gwyneth Paltrow adaptation of &quot;Emma,&quot; &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; is more experimental, much more risque - and these differences, in my opinion, only enhance the experience. I consider myself a diehard Jane Austen enthusiast and an avid supporter of the traditional Jane Austen movies. Even so, I feel that this film presents a likeable heroine in the revamped Fanny Price. She is bolder, more assertive, and her biting sense of humor makes her more like an Elizabeth Bennett than a Fanny Price. Those who resent this remolded character will undoubtedly be annoyed with the entire film. But why get bogged down in the traditionalist view? The new Fanny Price is endearing, the lesbian undertones perplexing, and the dark genocidal issues intriguing. The love story between Fanny and Edmund grabbed me from the very beginning. As opposed to many of the other Austenites, I feel that this movie does not betray the Austen tradition. It rather pays homage to Austen through the marriage of new and old.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is an excellent album.  I was lucky enough to see Coldplay live while living in Oxford about six months before their album was released in Britain, sending them to the top of the UK charts.  If they make it over to the US don't pass up a chance to see them live.  It was a nice surprise to see that their album has been released in the states now too.  If you're a music fan, especially of Radiohead, Jeff Buckley, etc, you'll love Coldplay.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears has gone from being a kid star, member of the Mickey Mouse Club, to a blond bombshell, teen idol, bubble gum artist.  Her latest CD, &quot;Oops...I Did It Again,&quot; is a repeat of her first album, &quot;Hit Me Baby One More Time.&quot;  Both album titles leave room for imagination and misinterpretation.  Each song on her latest CD, excluding, &quot;I Can't Get No (Uh) Satisfaction,&quot; has the same beat and same message.  My favorite of the 12 indistinguishable hits is &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction.&quot;  Although it is not originally sang by Britney, she gives the song sass and style.  Her song, &quot;Lucky,&quot; is a scenario of her own life.  This song describes what it is like to be famous and what those who are not famous imagine it is like.   Since her last album, Britney has taken on a more mature, independent, and seductive image.  However, her music is still popular among young teenage girls.  It is evident that Britney has talent, but her bubble gum hits will not last through the end of this decade.  If you are looking for a gift for a young teenage, Britney Spears fan than I suggest you go buy this CD.
0140430350|5.0|This was a real pleasure to read. It is beautifully written, extremely amusing and very accurate concerning the streak of vanity that flows through human nature. Like most authors of his day, Thackeray wrote this in serial form for a newspaper and the introduction of the book reveals that he was in it only for the $, hadn't properly thought about the structure of the book and just figured out what was to happen as he went along. This keeps the reader guessing as to the direction of the novel and each chapter becomes a novella revolving around one set of characters. The plot keeps twisting and turning at a delicious rate and Thackeray's occasional interventions to give his opinion about his characters made me laugh out loud. However, fact that the book was a series does become frustrating at times, when there are some inconsistencies in the characters. For example, one character (not giving anything away)emerged at the beginning of the novel as quite a headstrong, sympathetic and innocent character, yet during the novel she turned a little too quickly into a calculating, Machiavellic and frankly evil one. Another similarly went from lovable rogue a la Heathcliffe to dull and stupid in a matter of chapters. Nonetheless, I strongly recommend this book. It definitely rings true on many levels and all of us humans have vanity and greed dormant somewhere inside us.
B000009QPK|5.0|This live album contains just about the best of slayer, all the classics, with great sound and great instrument playing. Includes a good amout of songs from my favourite album that I have of theirs - Seasons in the Abyss - and also includes what is probably my favourite slayer song - spirit in black - and war ensemble sounds just plain awesome on this! Anyway if you in the slightest way like slayer you should definetly put this on your 'to buy' list of albums.
B00000K19E|5.0|On top of being a solid action movie, this movie definately brings something new to the world of the sci-fi movie.  After Lucas did it with Star Wars back in the late 70's, the Wachowski brothers do it in the late 90's.  This movie breaks to mold as of late and uses special effects to tell the story and doesn't put them on center stage.<br />The DVD is awesome, with plenty of extras.  A super clean transfer, and great sound.  This moive is a must see.
B000002WYT|5.0|Up until owning this CD, I had only heard the song Crash into me, by DMB, and have been in love with it ever since.  I ordered the CD, and usually, it takes me a few listens to begin to like the songs, but this time, I was instantly addicted.  There are a few weak spots, namely Proudest Monkey, but I even like that song.  If there are any doubts in your mind about owning this CD, forget them.  This is the best album in my entire collection.
B000051VWW|4.0|Not much to say.  Its Sade... its what you expect from her, its nothing different.  The great thing is she was always great, and it wasnt broke, so she didnt fix it.  You feel her pain.  She touches your heart.  Soul exposed. Brilliance.<br />Only negative thing is that after all this time away, she graces us with only 44 minutes of music.  Of course quality is better than quantity always, but, she could have gave us a little more to hold us over to the next decade.  But what she gave us works.
B000051VWW|5.0|You know you're a bonafide artist when you can chill for almost a decade between LP releases.  This CD is a must-have for Sade fans.  My favorite tracks are &quot;Lovers Rock, Immigrant&quot; and &quot;King of Sorrow,&quot; but every track is excellent.  Her sound is still very impressionist--kinda like a lyrical Van Gogh.  Rolling Stone said it best in their review, calling her tone &quot;permanently post-coital.&quot;  <br />I'm not sure how these tracks will play in today's radio format, Then again, her fanbase is so firmly established, she doesn't need airplay for platinum sales (as if platinum sales were her goal).<br />Sade fans note:  Her band (Andrew Hale, Stuart Mathewmann and Paul Denman) released their own instramental LP a couple years ago under the group name &quot;Sweetback.&quot; So if you like Sade's sound, you have to buy it. Also, Sade's label is remastering all of her previous LPs, including the &quot;Best Of Sade.&quot;
0440213525|4.0|I enjoyed 'The Client' very much...but it was far from literature.  I read this book when it first came out I think 6 or 7 years ago, and after having just finished 'The Pelican Brief' (one of my favorite Grisham novels) I was high on the legal thriller genre and couldn't seem to get enough.  The characterization of Mark Sway was pretty good, but he seems a little too cocky for my taste.  What really made 'The Client' worthwhile for me was attorney Reggie Love.  Grisham infuses more life into this particular character than he has in all of the characters in his previous 3 novels--combined.  A remarkable sense of humor (I actually laughed out loud several times) and just a feeling of 'I LIKE this lawyer!'  If I ever had any kind of legal battles to fight, I certainly wish there was a Reggie Love I could have access too.<br />The ensuing problems that Mark &amp; Reggie encounter with the mafia boy who is desperate to find Mark and see to it that he never EVER confirms the location of a certain Senator who was killed is what propels 'The Client' on to an enjoyable climax.  Grisham has written a cross between 'The Fugitive' and a compelling episode of Perry Mason--okay not the greatest example, but suffice it to say that it comes across as fun.  I said that this is 'legal-thriller light' mostly because it was more of a formula-style adventure action novel than an outright legal thriller.  One thing is for certain, this book had me turning pages fast and furious to find out the eventual sugar-coated conclusion, which isn't bad, but predictable.
6305508550|5.0|This move is a real gutbuster.  I work in a cube farm for a big corporation and the director might as well have filmed on location in my office.  Lumberg, Milton, Michael Bolton, that schlotkies kid with all that flair--every character was realized perfectly.  I absolutely LOVE that scene where they clobber the fax machine like mobsters beating up a snitch.  This is a modern day classic.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|...in order to accomplish something more than an introduction to the Beatles #1 hits, Apple/EMI need to take note.  &quot;Beatles 1&quot; illustrates how badly the Beatles Catalog needs RE-MIXING, not just re-mastering.  True, the remastering on &quot;1&quot; has produced the best officially released versions available (excepting the totally re-mixed &quot;The Yellow Submarine Songtrack&quot; CD) but that is limited praise.  The older 4-track material (ex. I Want to Hold Your Hand, A Hard Day's Night, Eight Days a Week) has virtually no drum definition in the mixes.  The remastering has heightened the bass response, compressed the overall sound, and slightly improved the main vocal clarity-- but that is the extent of the improvement over the existing CDs.  Granted, the original mixes were appropriate for 99.9% of 1964 listeners on AM radio or home turntables.  In those days prominent bass would cause record-player needles to skip, but today anybody listening to CDs in their car can hear the lack of definition in background instruments, beyond the lead vocals, guitars, and cymbals.  The Yellow Submarine Songtrack shows what re-mixing can do, even for post-Revolver recordings, which had more drum and bass definition in their mixes anyway. Re-mixing can use the original mixes as reference for content-- but improving the sound of the original components is the goal.  Any further releases from the Beatles Catalog need total re-mixing, similar to Yellow Submarine Songtrack and the Lennon CD re-issues.  Until then we can be happy with our old 45s. James Remus, MSE, Stanford University (JRemus@aol.com)
0385484518|5.0|I will not gush over this book. The unabridged version offers more insight and there are probably better book on the market, however, there canbe no dount, reading this book willmake you think,make you cry and one hops, change your life.<br />It is at the same time a commentary on our times and lifestyle and the story of life and death, well told, well delivered and much needed today.<br />Read this book, then read it again and learn.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I really like The Beatles, I have loved, listened, and enjoyed the music since birth. I got all the Beatles CD's, books, posters,dolls,things, you-name-it-I-got-it stuff. As a big  fan as I am I even got stuff,everything from America's  answer to The Beatles, The Monkees.  I got Beatles 1 for a early x-mas gift, I listen to it because I like the music and I do not feel like going threw all my Beatles CD's , cassettes,LP's and EP's,singles, old eight  tracks to find that Beatles song I want to hear, so I listen to Beatles 1. But, Songs that I like are missing on hear such, as Strawberry Fields Forever and I find myself have to go threw by big Beatle Music Collection to find it. I must as well stick to The Monkees, at least I can find all there songs on one box set. Beatles 1 is O.K.
0792842723|5.0|The new Bond is taking over the TV's! Pierce Brosnan's first Bond film is one of the best Bond films. Though it may seem strange that Bond is different in appearance, gadgets, and cars; Bond is still Bond. This was a smashing comback for Bond and deserves 5 stars! If you loved the old Bonds and are looking for a newer one to the addition, this movie is your choice.
6305718903|5.0|This is the greatest, most thought provoking movie I have seen in a long time.  As eerie as the Exorcist and as enlightening as The Greatest Story Ever Told.  Patricia Arquette is fantastic as the athiest who learns faith the hard way.  Gabriel Byrne is terrific as the struggling priest.  The hypocrasy of the Catholic Church is shown and how throughout this magnificent and dark exploration of what it means to be a true believer.
0792842731|4.0|Tomorrow Never Dies (TND) was Pierce Brosnan's second film as Bond. It was a nice addition to GoldenEye, but TND could of had more action to it. The movie had great graphics, cool gadgets, and beautiful babes, but the action didn't quit get there. But don't let me review stop you from buying this!! TND is still a great movie to at least rent. Bond films will never die and TND is helping keeping them alive.I you liked Pierce Brosnan in GoldenEye you will surely love his latest film Tomorrow Never Dies. It is well worth the purchase and makes a great addition to any Bond collection.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I thought that &quot;Is This Desire&quot; should have been album of the year. What else came close in range and inventiveness? I will be very surprised if &quot;Stories...&quot; is not album of this year.
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson is the greatest performer ever, and this cd shows exactly why.<br />The first disc, a collection of his greatest hits, is great for anyone who wants a whole bunch of Michael's hits. The CD starts out with Billie Jean, the #1 hit from Thriller that stayed at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 for 7 weeks. I love the bass line to this song, and it is a classic. The second song is The Way You Make Me Feel. THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST VIDEOS OF ALL TIME! The song is really good too, and I love how Michael does that &quot;Whoo&quot; &quot;Go On Girl&quot; thing! This song is truely Michael. The next song also stayed 7 weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100, Black or White. I love this song, my favorite part is after the rapper does his rap thing, then Michael goes &quot;Don't tell me you agree with me, when I saw you kicking dirt in my eye&quot;...I love that part! The fourth song is Rock With You, from his Off The Wall album. You might think you're disco-ing when you hear this song, but this is a good representation of a younger Michael. The fifth song is She's Out Of MY Life, which I don't know if they should have included, but I love it...The song really showcases MJ's beautiful voice. Bad is the sixth song, I love the intro and the rhythm, they both get you going into the song. I Just Can't Stop Loving You is the seventh track, and I don't think it should have been included since there were definitely better songs that could have taken its place. I think Michael loves this song, and it also spent a week at #1...and if you get into it, you like it. Man In The Mirror is MJ's best slow song to date, and it has a good message too. &quot;I'm starting with the man in the mirror/I'm askin him to change his ways/and no message could have been any clearer/if you wanna make the world a better place/take a look at your self and make a change&quot; Thriller is the ninth song, and an MJ classic... and I don't know if anyone else will agree with me, but VincentPrice's rap is scary...haha. The tenth song is another MJ classic, Beat It. I love Eddie Van Halen's guitar solo in this song, and this song mixed three entirely different music genres at that time, rock, pop, and R&amp;B. The Girl Is Mine is one of my faves, but I think Say, Say, Say should have been included instead (SSS spent 6 weeks at No. 1, TGIM spent only 3 weeks at No. 2)...Remember The Time is another MJ classic, and it shows a more mature Michael. Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough is sooo oldschool, I love it. Try to do his high voice thing, it will sound funny, unless you can sing well...Wanna Be Startin Somethin' is a classic from Thriller...and I love the tempo and song... Heal The World, the final song on Disc One, has a great message, and even if it is one of Michael's favorite songs, it's not the best.<br />There were many songs that Michael should have included that didn't seem to show up on here...Smooth Criminal, Will You Be There, Leave Me Alone, Dirty Diana, Off The Wall, PYT, Baby Be Mine, Jam, Who Is It, Say Say Say...and maybe even We Are The World, though that wasn't only Michael.<br />NOW TO THE 2ND DISC: It isn't the best album of Michael's, but anything of Michael's deserves 5 stars! The songs that stand out the most are Scream, You Are Not Alone, They Don't Care About Us, Earth Song, Childhood, 2BAD, and Tabloid Junkie. My favorite is Tabloid Junkie because I love the line &quot;Just becuz you read it in a magazine or see it on a TV screen don't make it factual...&quot; and the lines &quot;It's slander, you say you're not a sword, your a parasite in black and white, you crucify the Lord&quot;...<br />SO IN ALL, THIS IS A GREAT MICHAEL JACKSON COLLECTION. MICHAEL DESERVES MUCH MORE RESPECT THAN HE IS GIVEN, FOR HIS IMAGE HAS BEEN TARNISHED AND DESTROYED BY THE MEDIA, AND THE TABLOID JUNKIE. SO IF YOU RESPECT MICHAEL, YOU'RE A GOOD FAN.
020161622X|4.0|Good overview of many things that need doing whilst developing software. I don't agree with everything the authors said, but on the whole it was good information. <br />The authors come across as Unix-geeks who believe &quot;command-line is King!&quot;. Yes, command-line utilities do have their place, but please, they're not the salvation of software development! Things are discussed from a high-level, so if you want to apply much of what has been discussed then you will need to look for more in-depth information elsewhere, but for junior programmers it is useful to point out what they should be looking for in the first place. For more experienced programmers, treat it as more of a refresher-course (assuming you did learn how to do things properly once upon a time).<br />An entertaining overview of software development - well, more entertaining than some software engineering textbooks I've read!
B00003CXFG|2.0|I had a lot of expectations about this movie before seeing it.  First off, I never heard anything good nor bad upon watching it.  Secondly, the only good scene was when the dude breathes out fire and then you realize all the creatures that surround him.  This movie has the worse characters that must have been picked up from the side of the road (the one's you see &quot;will work for food).&quot;  About the only good thing was the special effects.  I am big on special effects, but this movie is certainly not worth owning for that alone.  My advise, rent it like I did and then thank yourself for not wasting your money on purchasing it or seeing it on the big screen.
B000051VWW|5.0|It's been awhile since Sade has released an album, and the wait is finally over.  This much anticipated album is everything that Sade fans have learned to appreciate over the years.  She doesn't venture too far from her past musical style, and that's a good thing IMHO.  I fell in love with her soothing sultry voice, sexy musical tones and equally moving lyrics, and this album has all that and more.  Don't expect any frilly dance songs from her, but if you want something to share with a loved one, sitting by a fireplace and maybe a little &quot;love making&quot; afterwards, then you need to buy this album.
B00004XONN|5.0|Whether your average person likes this or not, Kid A is an album with a destiny, and you can tell by listening. You don't have to be a radiohead fan to enjoy this album; on the contrary, if you didn't like radiohead's previous work, this might be the one for you. Whatever the case, this work will come to be known as a breakthrough in musical technique and composition. I didn't think that I'd like this album when I heard about it. My main motivation was just to hear something new and different. But the music grows on you and I'm sure many will tote the cd around with them for quite a while after appreciating the details and rythm of the songs. It's the kind of album you always let play all the way through and is especially good for any chronically cynical or depressed individuals (who will definitely enjoy the sarcasm of the whole thing). Try it out, you might like it and ask for some more please.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Not only is this movie breathtaking, but the packaging, as well as the extra features on this DVD make this a must for any that enjoyed the movie alone.  The packaging itself reflects the creative, self aware and at times self mocking element that is certainly akin to this movie's spirit.  <br />i purchased it the day it was released, months ago, and still haven't seen everything on it, internet trailers, international trailers, 4 different commentaries, the making of Fight Club, and eventually the movie itself.  <br />I remember the first time i saw this movie, expecting Director Fincher to push the limits on violence, to use all brawn, set in darkness and gore, not using any brains or wit, and i remember leaving this movie, dazed and wondering, wishing i could buy it on DVD right then.
B00004VXF2|1.0|I was recently having a discussion with a friend of mine over the definition of &quot;music&quot;.  He, being a pure traditionalist on the subject declared such things as electronica and rap as &quot;not real music&quot;.  I defended both those forms and said that those were most definitaly &quot;music&quot;.  He then asked me where my line was, and I replied &quot;Metal Machine Music&quot;.  This is not music, this is noise.  Is it impressive that Lou Reed got this released? Yes.  Is it a bold statement of his artistic beliefs?  I guess.  Is it music? No.  Is it worth listening to?  Certainly not!  It has no melody, no rhythem, and nothing to make it worth a listen.  A truly punk artistic statement, but in this case, artistic statement makes for an absolutly boring, irritating listening experience.  Don't waste your money.
6304211740|1.0|I love Austen and Austen-type movies, including Jane Eyre. My favorite Jane Eyre is the version with Ciaran Hinds and Samantha Morton. I like to watch different versions to see if I gain any new insight into the characters or the plot and that is why I watched this version. I was so disappointed! The actress playing Jane showed no emotion throughout the entire movie -- not when Edward was professing his love for her or when she found out he was already married. Throughout the entire movie her expression didn't change once. And, William Hurt as Edward was not much better. Throughout the movie I could find no reason why Edward would be drawn to Jane or vice versa -- there was absolutely no chemistry/intense feelings/passion between the actors/characters. Even during Edward's speech about there being a string between his and Jane's heart, he doesn't even look at her! They're not even close -- he's sitting down looking away and she's standing up. I will admit that the supporting cast was good, with the exception of Anna Paquin as young Jane. I don't think she did a very good job of conveying emotion. The girl who played young Jane in the Ciaran Hinds/Samantha Morton version was very good. If you want to see passion, then please check out the version I mention. Samantha Morton is so expressive that you know exactly what she is feeling and even though Ciaran Hinds is a very gruff Edward, you can't help but fall in love with him -- because you see how he comes to care for Jane.
6304211740|1.0|I love Austen and Austen-type movies, including Jane Eyre. My favorite Jane Eyre is the version with Ciaran Hinds and Samantha Morton. I like to watch different versions to see if I gain any new insight into the characters or the plot and that is why I watched this version. I was so disappointed! The actress playing Jane showed no emotion throughout the entire movie -- not when Edward was professing his love for her or when she found out he was already married. Throughout the entire movie her expression didn't change once. And, William Hurt as Edward was not much better. Throughout the movie I could find no reason why Edward would be drawn to Jane or vice versa -- there was absolutely no chemistry/intense feelings/passion between the actors/characters. Even during Edward's speech about there being a string between his and Jane's heart, he doesn't even look at her! They're not even close -- he's sitting down looking away and she's standing up. I will admit that the supporting cast was good, with the exception of Anna Paquin as young Jane. I don't think she did a very good job of conveying emotion. The girl who played young Jane in the Ciaran Hinds/Samantha Morton version was very good. If you want to see passion, then please check out the version I mention. Samantha Morton is so expressive that you know exactly what she is feeling and even though Ciaran Hinds is a very gruff Edward, you can't help but fall in love with him -- because you see how he comes to care for Jane.
B000000993|5.0|TOOL is unique. Only one word to describe them: unique. Their music is rough but smooth, dirty but clean, loud but quiet ALL AT ONCE. It can't be explained how talented these &quot;nobodies&quot; really are. In my opinion this is their finest ever album released. Aenema is a close second, but it is second because of the 'blah' sameness of each track. Undertow is not in any way boring and I PROMISE you won't get tired of it EVER!
B00003CXDG|5.0|The title for my review says it all. When I went to see the film I thought, &quot;Great, a sequal to that mediocre '96 hit.&quot; My opinion changed after I saw the film. New director, brand new script, and a more interesting Ethan Hunt is what this film consists of. The music and cinematography are excellent and don't let up until after the credits. &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; was a dark, spy film with many slow spots and a mediocre plot. The same cannot be said for &quot;M:I-2&quot;. With the tons of special features on DVD, you'll be busy for hours......
B000051VWW|5.0|Two words for it:<br />1 - Excellent work<br />2 - Buy it!!
B00003CX9W|5.0|Fantasia is an extraordinary and truly unique motion picture experience. Animation, before and since, has held a role in telling stories on screen, but too often the art of the animation itself takes a back seat to the story or situation it presents. Walt Disney understood this, and so offered the public another idea with Fantasia: an exploration of animation as a high art in and of itself. The film is a collection of seven shorts, set to various works of classical music, each considered masterpieces themselves. The music was conducted by Leopold Stokowski, who, at the time, was to classical music what Disney was to animation: a showman who knew how to bring his medium into the mainstream public. Also, this was the first film to try a stereo, &quot;surround sound&quot; approach to the sound, as Disney wanted to blend the essences of a movie and a concert. Disney had a seperate team of animators on each short, so the styles differ from piece to piece. There is, in fact, very little connective thread among the works, but each offers itself to the art of animation in its own way:<br />Bach's &quot;Toccata and Fugue in D minor&quot;, originally written for organ and best known for its ominous opening melody, becomes in Fantasia a flowing abstract as it follows a listener's perception and feeling of the music.<br />Tchaikovsky's &quot;Nutcracker Suite&quot; is stripped of the ballet's story, and given over to the dancelike beauty of nature: mushrooms, falling leaves, graceful fish, flowers on the water's surface, and the fairies gracing the world with morning dew and bringing the changing of the seasons. This is easily the most beautiful and breathtaking sequence in the film.<br />Dukas' &quot;The Sorcerer's Apprentice&quot; is a Mickey Mouse short that began the whole endeavor. Eager to bring Mickey back to the spotlight after Donald Duck had taken over, Disney planted him in the tale of a lad who knew enough of his master's skills to start the magic going, but not enough to stop it. <br />Stravinsky's &quot;The Rite Of Spring&quot; was a ballet depicting a ceremony among a clan of primitive humans. Disney's crew uses the music to illustrate the history of life on Earth, up to the extinction of the dinosaurs. A scientifically dated piece, to be sure, but arresting visuals complement Stravinsky's innovative score.<br />Beethoven's 6th Symphony, the &quot;Pastoral Symphony&quot;, gets set in the countryside of Ancient Greece, and the supernatural creatures that inhabited it: centaurs, winged horses, even gods like Dionysis, Zeus, and Artemis make an appearance. <br />Ponchielli's &quot;Dance of the Hours&quot; is taken as just that: a ballet that effortlessly segues morning, afternoon, evening, and night. It is a testament of the animators' talent that they could make dancers such as hippos, elephants, and alligators to lithe and graceful. And hilarious. <br />The final segment is the battle of Good and Evil, set to Moussorgsky's &quot;Night on Bald Mountain&quot; and Schubert's &quot;Ave Maria&quot;. The &quot;Bald Mountain&quot; sequence is the most powerful, disturbing, nightmarish animation ever to come from Disney's studio; not fully scary as much as truly harrowing. The Schubert is lush, soft, and holds comfort and hope. The greatest flaw in the film is here, not in the animation, but the music: new English words were written into Schubert's melody. But this is the sole detractor. <br />For the DVD edition, the original version, freed from the later cuts and revisions, has been restored and remastered. Despite the age and poor quality of the original master, the film is more beautiful then ever, in both sight and sound. The featurette is insightful, as are commentaries by Roy Disney, James Levine (who conducted Fantasia 2000) and Walt Himself. <br />This is probably the greatest animated film of all time. Anyone interested in animation - or quality filmmaking - should know this one by heart.
B0000027I6|5.0|This albumn blows my mind. Lyrically, I cannot think of anything more profound. I find myself sitting in class not being able to concentrate because the songs are in my head. Perfect Sense is simply incredible. I saw Waters over the summer and had to buy the CD. Every time I listen to it, I find something different about it. Is it any wonder why the monkey's confused?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I was a bit of a sceptic when I heard that this album was coming out.  I knew I would buy it either way, but I just wasn't for sure if it was truly worth it.  The sound improvment is amazing if you go back and compare it to the sound of the songs on the original albums. Notice - These songs are NOT remixed.  They are, however, remastered.  Still, the improvment is tremendous.  The 27 page booklet is really a plus as well.  It shows sleeves from the singles released in various countries.  It also tells how long the song was at the #1 spot in the UK and/or US.  Overall, 27 songs on one disc is a feat in itself.  Even if you own all the other cd's, buy this one too!  It is well worth it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I worked for the most well-known entertainment company in the world, so I'm very familiar with the &quot;formula&quot; used in epics such as &quot;Gladiator.&quot;  Yet even with the knowledge of how it would follow the peaks and valleys of a pre-determined storyline, it was still an amazing movie.  I watched it 3 times in the first week of its release (in the theaters) and I bought several copies of the DVD for family and friends.  Watch this movie uninterrupted, without distraction, and on the biggest screen you can access.  Among the best movies of all time...
B00000IPAX|5.0|Why has everyone turned their noses up at Blinks sudden popularity?  It's good to see a band from this genre/style making it big and reaping the rewards, rightly so!  Some people have said that Blinks style changed with &quot;Enema Of The State&quot;, what rubbish!  Yes the production is a lot better (one of the best sounding albums in a while) but Blink once again belt out powerfull punky pop tunes not that far from the songs of &quot;Dude Ranch&quot; and &quot;Cheshire Cat&quot;.  Like these albums, Enema is great and well worthy of all the fame.<br />For those of you who like your punk hard, fast and clear with great melodies/harmonies then this is your album!  It has become one of my favourites!  Why shouldn't punk bands be listened to by the masses and achieve chart success?
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden's songs are full of emotional and expressive thoughts, with the heart touching sense of innocence.  The Australian duo's second album &quot;Affirmation&quot; surely has out done their first album.  Their new approach shows a deeper meaning into their spirituality.  This CD has an up lifting sense that relates to people's everyday problems.  Every part of the song is injected with emotion and depth it gives faith and inspiration.  The song &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot; has a calming presence that promises an up healing motion and sense of great freedom.  The title is something positive, affirming, and the declaration of assertion gives a feeling of affirmation to the listener.  Giving the feeling of laughing or crying out loud, a great use of intuition by Darren Hayes the lead vocalist who puts his heart and soul into each song and melodies by Daniel Jones are none the less; the use of these patterns put this CD over the edge.
B000051VWW|4.0|This Sade album shows maturity and the strength to fend off such great and gimmicky temptations with regards to giving in to hip-hop, rap, techno or any alternative sounds to sell this project.Afterall, that is what has made Sade so successful and greatly appealing instead of appalling over the years;they never resorted to commercialistic, teenage bubble gum/pop candy tactics for acceptance from the public.Sade has never needed to become mature;They have always been! The sheer acoustical nature of the album shows true talented and gifted artistry.Afterall,the name Sade has always been the group name and not Sade Adu as a solo artist. It is also a revelation to see the original band members together; This is what true musical family ties are about (whether it's through the good or bad times--just like with any family)... Some of the tracks are reminiscent of another British goup or duo called Everything But The Girl who had an album a few years back entitled Amplified Heart. Any listener can tell that both albums and music were written from the heart with strong acoustical intentions versus the fierce electronic sounds so often inherent in today's pop groups...
B000051VWW|5.0|The one thing that I love about Sade is that her music is just about that---the music and her soulful voice. I expected when I purchased this CD that she would have clouded it with r&amp;b cameos, but no. It's her and Sweetback and that all they need. Still the best and the symbol of smooth soul.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|As has been noted previously, the original title of this movie was DANCING ABOUT ARCHITECTURE. The title was changed because it was felt that the title was too weird and confusing for prospective moviegoers. Perhaps that's true. However, I think calling the movie PLAYING BY HEART also worked against the movie but for the opposite reason: It's such a generic name that it could be about anything. It saddens me that this movie didn't get more attention because it's one of my all-time favorites. The plot isn't anything ground breaking, but there are so many good performances that I'm surprised the VCR or DVD player doesn't explode. Although everyone in the movie is good, the standout is Angelina Jolie. This is the movie that made me fall in love with her. Her performance as the damaged club kid had me laughing and crying at the same time. Although Ellen Burstyn had one of the smaller roles, I thought she also did a superb job. So see this movie. There is truly something for everyone in it.
6300214435|5.0|While not as good as the first Indiana Jones movie Raiders of the Lost Ark,Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is still a very good movie,and full of action.This one takes place a while before Raiders.It involves Indy,along with his sidekick Short Round,and female singer Willie Scott going to a palace in India to retrieve a village's sacred stone and find their children,who were kidnapped.When they get there,they are treated well enough,and invited to dinner,(snake surprise was the main course,along with other interesting things)but later find out that a very nasty ancient cult is operating there,sacrificing humans,and using the chidren as slaves.I won't say anymore about the plot,but it is very intense at times,and full of action.Of course Harrison Ford is excellent as Indy,and the very lovely Kate Capshaw is good as Willie Scott.(not as good as Karen Allen as Marion in Raiders,though)The rest of the cast,including Ke Huy Quan as Short Round,is good also.The John Williams musical score is excellent.As I said before Raiders is better,but Temple of Doom is still very good.
0316921173|5.0|A great big, sprawling romp through post-modern American addiction -- addiction to drugs, fame, money, sex, power and corporate greed.  In Wallace's near-future world, everyone is on the take for the personal fix that he or she desperately needs.  Even time itself is corporate sponsored!  And when a brilliant filmmaker produces a video so utterly compelling and instantly addictive that the viewer, upon the first moment of setting eyes on it, immediately becomes &quot;hooked,&quot; unable to shift his or her attention from the screen, eventually expiring in a state of catatonic ecstacy, the international race for the master copy of the video nearly sets off the long-anticipated Canadian civil war!<br />     Probably never before in all of English-language literature has a novel been so effectively calculated -- from title page to last entry in the exhaustive footnotes(!) -- to trigger the desired response in the reader.  The response being, usually, riotous laughter, but also at times fear, horror, awe and, yes, serious reflection on our out-of-control, compulsive, strung-out society.  For all its hilarity (check out the tennis academy's philosophical guru, who dispenses wisdom to the young trainees in exchange for the privelege of licking the sweat from their foreheads), this is a book that makes a pretty serious point about addiction and self-destruction.  And ironically, by the end, some 1,200 pages and countless hours after you have begun, you are indeed addicted...to the plot, the characters, the story, and above all to Wallace's exhillarating, expansive, completely over-the-top writing style.<br />     I have never read anything like this.  It is, quite simply, one of the Great Novels of the past 20 years.  Don't be fooled by its rich and abundant and outrageous humor.  This is a masterpiece of serious fiction, prose and storytelling.  I have thought about this book many, many times since I (reluctantly) turned the last page.  Every time I witness another ridiculously named corporate-sponsored sports event (The Citibank Visa Bowl?) or watch another American public official self-destruct from the fruits of his own personal obsession, I realize that Wallace's insane, morbid, fanatical, absurd future world is not that far away.  The Year of the Purdue Wonderchicken is nearer than we think!
6305311463|5.0|This is the thing: Armageddon was made as a Summer blockbuster, meaning: to have fun, to entertain and give a good time for your money. It is really annoying to listen to the usual pseudo intellectual, quasi-experts in movies, to complain about every thing (the acting, the dialogues, etc.) Didn't these guys know what they were going to watch? This is like watching Superman and nag because he can fly or because he wears red underwear over his thighs. That this is not entertaining? Come on, this is way much better than the pathetic Deep Impact, which tries to be profound (everybody crying, everybody saying goodbyes) and ends up being stupidly pretentious. This is a more honest film, which shows how good -even if incredibly commercial-Michael Bay is, how it is done when making a hit is meant. Watch it with an open mind, rent it, buy it, you won't be disappointed.
0385491026|4.0|Good books rarely give me great ideas just vague memories and gut feelings.  Often I find it hard to articulate why the book I've just read has moved me as much as it did but I sense it's special power.  I first read Margaret Atwood's poetry and was was much drawn to it for so many reasons but especially it's awarness of nature and the use of nature as a metaphore for struggles within human relationships especially the relationship with self.  This closeness to nature is also evident in her novel 'Surfacing' which is a must for anyone interested in 'wilderness'  Cat's Eye was recommended me by a woman friend as one of the author's better novels. It took me a long time to read (I'm a very slow reader).  A year later, and while the detail is extremely fussy the gut-feelings are ever as strong.  Despite the drabness and almost deprived lower middle-class backdrop of the Canada of the late 40's and 50's described in the book, Atwoods accounts of her heroine's  interralionships are so real, so compelling and so precisely observed that you have to read on.  This is not a light book by any means, but it's full of the wisdom of the survivor and Atwoods special brand of black humour; it holds points of reference and insight for all of us.  My abiding image/feeling is of the cold water in the creek under the bridge and the the deep inner glow of Our Lady of Perpetual succour (note the cover in this edition).  Get stuck in and feel the power of Atwood's writing!
B00004UFY7|5.0|George is simply wonderful with this album. This new percussion-style is amazing and sounds really good.<br />A must have!
B00004WC6J|5.0|There are 14 new songs here (new to me) and they are the ones I bought this disc for.  First let me say that I was disappointed with DEAD BEES ON A CAKE.  There are some good songs on DBOAC but there are just to many long boring ones and several that should have b-sides or outakes.<br />1. The Scent of Magnolia - this immediatly strikes me as better than anything on DBOAC.  And certainly better than the endless I surrender which I wish he had left off this collection.  <br />2. Heartbeat - Good songs from the Sakamoto collaboration.<br />3.  Albuquerque- I love all three Dobro variations I have heard, maybe he should do a whole CD of this stuff<br />4.  Ride- I can't Imagine why he left this off the beehive disc.  It is one of the best songs here<br />5.   The Golden Way - Very cool song from the Marco Polo disc that makes me want to go by it .  I detect that the early BOWIE influence is still part of Sylvian's arsenal.<br />6.  Pop Song-  Not as good as the previous five, not bad either but if the next time I hear it it  still sounds like Steely Dan I may not play it much.<br />7.  Thoroughly lost to logic - I'm not sure even Sylvian gets away with something this pretentious.  I  like it but it is probably material like this that severly limits his commercial appeal.<br />8.  Cover me with Flowers -  I love the sinister sludgy noisecape  going on behind the excellent lyrics.  Sort of Neil Young on Qualudes<br />9.  Aparna and Nimisha - Who??   Another great in the Dobro series.   Again I think he should do a whole record of this stuff.<br />10.  Some Kind of Fool - Very good song from the old days with Japan.  <br />11.  Bouy- Another good song from his collaborations with Mick Karn<br />12.  Bamboo Houses-  good song from the sakamoto collaborations.<br />13.  Come Morning-  I love the  simplicity of this song from the Marco Polo disc.  Beautiful acoustic guitar and horn make this one of the best songs here. <br />This above group is worthy of 5 stars.  As for therest if you don't have it this is a great buy.  I do have a couple of complaints.  The re-sing on Ghosts was a big mistake unless you are into lounge singers.  This leads me to another point.  I wish Mr. Sylvian would stay away from the lazy disco soul R&amp;B direction that alot of his last album seemed to take and focus more on Rock, Folk, Jazz and the more recent Electronic weirdness. That said, this is an excellent collection from a great artist.  I look forward to his next.
0064407667|5.0|The Bad Beginning, the first novel in &quot;The Series of Unfortunate Events,&quot; is a great novel to start out a series that soon will be loved by all. Within the first pages the Baudelaire children learn that their parents have perished in a fire and that they must go and live with a long lost family member named Count Olaf. What the children don't know is that he has a plot to rob the children of the fortune that they were left with from their parents. Throughout this book you will experience great writing and drawings, marvelous characters, and laugh out loud comedy. The comedy in this book was very funny although it is just consists of snippy little sentences. Read this book for an ultimate reading pleasure.<br />HAPPY READING!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Nothing could get worse than Limp's second album! Well, Suprise!  This one is!!<br />If you think this album is dope, wake up! Look around!<br />There are plenty of better hardcore/rapcore albums out there!
0141301104|5.0|The Witches by Roald Dahl was a true treat for me. One day while bored I came across this book and voila, I read it. It has a truly funny story that any child or adult alike would love. The book is about &quot;a boy,&quot;(the boy is not named) and his grandmother who encounter The Witches. The boy accidentaly gets into a top secret meeting of the witches and learns their new plan. He must stop them immediatly. With the help from his grandmother and food loving bruno(who was turned into a mouse by the witches with the secret formula) fight all the witches and bring the highest witch down. They finally succeed and the witches get a taste of their own medicine. This book is a really funny book that all people will enjoy!
B00004ZB9D|3.0|There has to be some hidden tracks on this CD- otherwise the title should be changed from &quot;greatest hits &quot; to just &quot;okay&quot;. I really thought Lenny had evolved from a few great songs spread among several CDs- to one well done CD like &quot;5&quot;. This compilation was a great opportunity for Lenny to redeem himself with his fans who have been holding on to great memories with &quot;Mama Said&quot; and &quot;Are You Going to Go My Way&quot;- instead the quality songs are scattered from beginning to end- forcing me to stay close to the remote so I can skip over &quot;American Woman&quot; and &quot;Always on the Run&quot; and get to my current favorite &quot; I Belong to You&quot;. I was very disappointed to find &quot;Thinking of You&quot; and &quot;What Goes Around Comes Around&quot; missing from this collection; next time check with the fans first before making arbitrary selections....
B000001F26|4.0|For those not quite sure on whether or not Eric Clapton is for you, then this album is a good place to start. The eleven tracks on this album from the 70's are indeed some of Clapton's greatest moments despite being during his torrid drug and alcohol abusing days.<br />This is a excellent introduction to Clapton and after listening to it you should know whether the rock/blues style of Clapton is for you. For those who already appreciate Clapton's genius and wish to have a comprehensive compilation album, then you may wish to give &quot;The Cream of Clapton&quot; a listen - it has 19 tracks, 8 more than this album. Cream of Clapton also encompasses some of his Cream hits and includes hits from the 60's-80's. However his most successful and critically aclaimed decade was the 70's -and every track on Time Pieces is highly commendable.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Okay, I'll admit it.  I was a little embarrassed purchasing the double movie pack because ... well, I have no kids and I figured these movies were primarily for kids.  But after reading all of the high rated reviews here, I just had to try it.  I'm glad I did.  These movies are great!  No matter who the targeted audience was, these movies will be enjoyed by people of all ages, with or without kids.  <br />I had a wonderful time watching Toys.  The animation was great, the voice acting was just wonderful, and the storyline was very enjoyable as well.  I liked it so much that right after finishing the first movie, I plopped the second movie in the DVD player.  Again, I was very impressed with the clever, humorous and touching scenes.  And as with the first, the voice acting was very good.  To top it off, if young ones do watch it, it provides some good lessons on caring and friendship that shouldn't be missed.  <br />My recommendation, buy (or rent) the movies.  You don't have to be a kid -- or have any -- to enjoy them.  But you might want to watch them more than once, so the purchase is probably the better deal.
6300215512|5.0|This is what great movies are all about! Sunset Boulevard is without peers! I truly believe it stands head and shoulders above every film ever made! There is only one Norma Desmond and it is Gloria Swanson! I defy anyone to take their eyes off her when she is on the screen! This film is electrifying and Miss Swanson is riveting! Five stars are not enough to review this one! The film was nominated for nine Academy Awards and should have won them all!
0136879721|5.0|It's amazing, only a year ago I was a whole diffrent man. I was Fat, Un-popular, full of hate human being. Now, after reading this incredible book I have discoverd an awsome new world, the world that existed inside of me. My life has changed. From a desperate man I turned into a loving human being. Thank You, Thank You, Thank You Joseph Murphy for writing this exellent book.
6304140428|5.0|It is hard to fathom this film not walking away with every Oscar it was nominated for but it didn't. So much has already been written about Miss Taylor's performance  that I'll just say this, it is her greatest performance and certainly one of the greatest performances of all time. Mr. Burton is heartbreaking as her down trodden husband and deserved the Oscar. George Segal! ah, he really could act, once upon a time! Sandy Dennis! She broke my heart in this one! What a fine, fine actress she was. We lost her much to soon!  It is a staggering film, brilliant on all counts!!!
6305052158|3.0|A number of reviewers have complained about the lousy transfers that have been made to DVD of &quot;One Eyed Jacks.&quot;  I found a transfer that, while not perfect, appears to be a lot better than what has been described by reviewers here at Amazon.  The film was released on Front Row Video, which is a fairly typical, low budget, &quot;public domain&quot; releasing company.  I was surprised to find that their copy has been released in the widescreen format and that the source print is in relatively good shape.  The print is the full 141 minute version.  There are no extras on the DVD save some chapter breaks which are incorrectly listed both on the DVD case and the DVD itself.  Amazon would do well to seek out this copy from Front Row (no, I don't work for them).  It's certainly not the definitive DVD release of this Western, but it's a lot better than what has been described by many of the viewers.
0399146253|2.0|This book appears to be yet the next installment of Cornwell's decline from the quality of her first novel.  This disappointing book left far too many loose ends in its wrap-up, though the core story was not bad and was concluded appropriately.  Each time I read another Cornwell novel, I swear it will be the last.  This time I may take myself at my word.
B000051VWW|3.0|I got Sade new cd Lover's Rock 3days b4 it came out. I have a friend who owns a record store. Anyway, I was hoping that this new cd would compare to her other ones, I was a little disappointed. There are only a few songs on here I like. Somebody already broke my heart is my fave, but for the most part there's nothing to brag about. I'm a big Sade fan, so I was really looking 4ward to hearing her again after all the time she's been away. Maybe all the time away took away some of her soul, but I thought it could have been a better mix of music.
0399146253|1.0|This particular book by Cornwell is not up to par.The storyline is too convoluted and the antagonist, Scarpetta, needs an anti-depresent. Ms. Cornwell obviously had to write a certain amount of words because much of what is written is unnecessary for the storyline.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I've only had a chance to listen to this a couple of times, but I did a doubletake on &quot;Day Tripper.&quot; Perhaps it's a mix I've not heard before, but I think even in mono there used to be a distinct one-note drop out during the riff (about two-thirds of the way through). I don't hear that anymore. Has it gone the way of Paul's cracking voice in &quot;If I Fell&quot;?  Has Macca been fine tuning history again? Perhaps you know and can tell us. But that drop-out ain't there no more! Beautiful packaging on this, and a fantastic introduction to a body of work that will bring a lifetime of pleasure. If you know someone who's into the current crop of disposable teeny-bopper music, slip 'em this for Christmas. It's your duty! Happy Christmas, every body!
B000002UAO|5.0|To start with, this is a Beatles LP/CD. I've always considered myself a Stones fan first, a Beatles fan second. The fact is, though, that it's hard to go wrong no matter what Beatles music you get. This is my personal favorite Beatles CD. It is more polished and sophisticated than earlier CDs without losing any of the power or enthusiasm. Their maturity is evident in both the music and the lyrics. The simple four-piece arragements have given way to a more intricate and innovative studio presence. John's breathy sighs on &quot;Girl&quot;, &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; with George's sitar and John's clever lyrics, Paul's gentle ballad &quot;Michelle&quot;, the mature sentiment of &quot;In My Life&quot; with its speeded up piano solo all illustrate the advaned level of studio craftsmanship. This CD also marks the emergence of George as a songwriter. His &quot;If I Needed Someone&quot; surpasses the Byrds at their own game.<br />This CD, along with &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; are the Beatles at their peak as a band. Subsequent efforts, while still music of very high quality, give evidence of the disarray as the Beatles disintegration into four independent musicians proceeds. Of these three peak CDs, I have always found &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; to be the most accessible. It feels a little softer and more personal. In terms of individual songs, there's not a dud anywhere. Personal favorites include &quot;Drive My Car&quot;, &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;, &quot;You Won't See Me&quot;, &quot;The Word&quot;, &quot;Girl&quot;, &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; and &quot;In My Life&quot;.<br />Any Beatles CD is worth having. That the Beatles are still so popular after all these years says a lot. If you don't own this one, then by all means get it. It's one of my ten all-time favorites. It will probably be one of your favorites, too.
B00004Y6OA|5.0|Yes, albums get remastered all the time - and more often than not, the &quot;new improved remaster&quot; is not drastically or noticeably different from the previous CD issue. Not here folks, the DLR-era Van Halen remasters are nearly revolutionary. It's like listening to these albums with new ears, really - the drums are deep and tight, the bass is full and round, Eddie's guitar is in your face and David Lee Roth is breathing down your neck. Women and Children First is usually the album I'd pick on any given day as my favorite - it shows the band at it's most diverse. It's got loads of those dark chord progressions that they were the kings of (until whatever happened to them that made them turn into radio-friendly unit-shifters), some of Roth's best lyrics, and it's even got the late great Nicolette Larson singing uncredited background vocals on &quot;Could This Be Magic&quot; (probably a return favor for Eddie playing uncredited guitar on &quot;Can't Get Away From You&quot; on her 'Nicolette' album). At the time, there was no other band like Van Halen - they were path blazers and true bundles of rock and roll energy bursting with creativity and great SONGS that didn't pander to pop radio. So, if you're like me and were wondering if these new HDCD remasters are worth buying these CDs once again, I assure you - your ears will be amazed at what a great job was done. Oh yeah - you also get that poster shot of David Lee Roth chained up to the fence that originally came with the LP restored in the insert booklet which was proof that all the girls that had that poster up on their walls in the summer of 1980 wanted some too.
0446525537|4.0|Jamie Sullivan is quite and polite young girl that carries her Bible with her and helps out at an orphanage. When Jamie Sullivan and her meet, she tells him not to fall in love with her. He doesn't expect that to ever happen, but through a series of events, he falls in love with her and later finds out that she has a fatal dissease.   This book was well written and easy to read. The author has a unique way of capturing your attention and keeping it. Once you start reading it, it is hard to put the book down. Also, the author makes you laugh one moment and want to cry the next. Personally, I really enjoyed the book. I was able to relate well to it. Primarily because of the age similarity and some of the problems the charcters faced, I have had to face also.  The author's style was interesting to me, and I am reading another one of his books now. This book left me wanting to be a better person and it gave me a new perspective of life. Even though I thought this was a good book, I think that more females would enjoy it than males. I think that young adults and adults would be more drawn to this book than any other age group.
6305750750|2.0|Let me preface my comments by saying if you're 16 and younger, The Phantom Menace is a nice little movie.  However, if you're old enough to remember seeing the original trilogy back in the 70's, then read on...<br />1) The Phantom Menace story and script are dull.  I can only watch this movie now for about 15 minutes at a time before I get totally bored and switch it off.<br />2) The main characters are stiff and colorless.<br />3) Jar Jar Binks gets too much screen time.<br />4) Jake Lloyd, as Anakin, is too young to accomplish all the feats presented in this film.  I mean, having a little boy create a super sophisticated android like C-3PO, blowing up huge space stations inside fighter planes and winning a pod race at 500 mph is a bit far-fetched, even for a fantasy movie.  Lucas should have cast an older child for this part and toned down his achievements.<br />5)  The special effects are Phantom Menace's only redeeming quality.  Yet strangely enough they are also a liability.  This movie has TOO MUCH computer generated graphics; it's like watching a video game.  I think Lucas and his team at ILM were so excited with the CGI technology they were creating that they forget to concentrate on the human characters.  To me, the heart of Star Wars is not the special effects, monsters or robots, it's the drama surrounding the human relationships with characters like Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia and Han Solo.  Phantom Menace totally lacks this quality.  There is no substance there.
B00004Y6NW|4.0|If you want one Dire Straits cd, this is it. Sure, everybody loves &quot;Sultans of Swing,&quot; but the real strength of this album is the first side. In fact, for Best Album Side, I'll nominate this  right along with Rush's A-side on &quot;Moving Pictures.&quot;<br />&quot;Down to the Waterline&quot; is vintage Knopfler, &quot;Water of Love&quot; and &quot;Six Blade Knife&quot; are pure, solid grooves, accented by excellent drum work by Pick Withers. &quot;Setting Me Up&quot; is irresistible. Avoid the overrated &quot;Best Of&quot; albums by Dire Straits. THIS album is their &quot;Best Of.&quot;
B00000G3Q4|5.0|I ordered the DVD.  When I received it, it was missing the insert, so I emailed Elite Entertainment asking about it.  They responded quickly and sent one out to me.  I was very happy with the customer service, and I'm sure I'll enjoy the DVD.  If you haven't seen this film before, get the DVD and watch it!
B000002LE6|5.0|Although I am not a professional reviewer, I must say this is truly my favorite Prince album.  It is joyous, thought provoking, soulful, romantic, and full of all sorts of musical complexity.  The songs merit listening based soley on their composition, and become more powerful with the addition of the words.  The best song on the album is &quot;Positivitey&quot; but hardly anyone has ever heard it because it is buried at the end.  If you appreciate this epoch of Prince's history when he produced a different album each year, this is a must buy.  If you want an album to write poetry and be philosophical to, this is a must buy.
B000003NA4|5.0|Anyone besides me think this women is a Peggy Lee with a piono??
6305165912|5.0|To give away the plot to THE BIG LEBOWSKI would be criminal bordering on cruel.  Having said that, the plot is of almost secondary importance to one's enjoyment of this film.  What's most interesting is the way the story is told.  This is the movie your stoned roommate could've written, if only he knew a damn thing about dialogue, casting, and, oh yes, directing.  <br />The characters here are rich, complex, and finely balanced against one another.  Watching them work off each other is to invite yourself to see the movie countless times to catch every nuance of their performance.<br />This is no accident of good lighting, nor happenstance of the editing room.  It is the explicit design of the brothers Cohen, who must now surely be considered auteur.    Just as in FARGO and RAISING ARIZONA, they here continue to prove their ability to create not just a story but an environment.  Theirs is direction by immersion, not merely by camera angle.   <br />Anyone looking for lessons on how to write mesmerizing dialogue, how to create whole worlds without delving into the realm of fantasy or science fiction, would do well to start here.  <br />But then again so would anyone just wishing to have a great time at the movies.<br />[PARENTAL NOTES: Take the \\"not-for-sale to persons under 18\\" seriously.  The entire basis of the film is not likely to be one many parents will want their children to enjoy without supervision.   It's not that it glorifies a particular drug-based lifestyle, really. But many parents would want to discuss the film with their children just to reinforce the fact that this *is* a work of fiction.]<br />[DVD NOTES: There's not as much on this DVD as there should be, really.  But the 30-minute making-of featurette makes it well worth purchasing over the VHS edition.]
0780021150|5.0|When does a movie become a classic ? Why german-american  director Fritz Lang's M does belong to this film category ? Because of the visual power of certain of the scenes shown in this movie. The lunar face of Peter Lorre will stay printed in our head for the rest of our life, like Leonardo Da Vinci LA JOCONDE. Edvard Grieg's Peer Gynt suite will also never sound the same for you after M.<br />Another theme treated by Fritz Lang in M is the psychology of the crowd. Always opposed to the behaviour of a single person, the crowd for Lang is dangerous, it is the place of evil. Peter &quot;M&quot; Lorre says that he's not guilty because he cannot defend himself against his pulsions. Strangely, the people in a crowd adopt the same defense, saying that something stronger than their individual will has pushed them to act in a different than usual way. In his second american movie FURY, Fritz Lang will masterfully treat again this theme with Spencer Tracy as leading character.<br />No bonus features with this Criterion release except for english subtitles. The sound is excellent but images are not perfect : for instance, a white horizontal line appears after 60 minutes on the upper surface of the copy.<br />A DVD which is already in your library.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie, by Mitch Albom is a short, heart-warming story of a student who vows to keep in touch with his favorite professor after graduation.  The communication did not work as planned, and many years passed before Albom contacted his old professor, Morrie Schwartz.  Albom contacted his old friend after learning that Morrie had a chronic, fatal condition known as ALS, or Lou Gehrig's disease.  The two had visits every Tuesday for about three months before Morrie died.  They had long discussions on a variety of topics where Morrie shares his wisdom with the world.  This book shows how a man who knows he will soon die, looks towards death keeping a very positive and realistic view.  A fine choice for anyone seeking inspiration or who wishes to learn one of the most elusive secrets this world has to offer.
067144901X|5.0|I ordered this book for my son from a book club when he was about 10 months old. I thought the art was adorable, but did not think he was really &quot;getting into&quot; it. He quickly learned, from the simple and fun text, the animal sounds...and even knows that a horse says &quot;neigh.&quot; He is 16 months old now, and it is one of his favorites.
B0000029GA|5.0|this here is one traditional hip hop classic. being from wisconsin and not growing up in that grimy,dark life in new york and in the ghettos where most of our hip hop orginators are from, i never imagined that just by listening to music i can feel like i'm right there living that same life. everything in this album is so well put together. from the production,to the beats and lyrics i give this album a 10 plus. nas is a true storyteller for real. i can feel him through this album. this one is a true hip hop east coast classic.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful DVD!  Packed with loads of sinful extras that will chill you, thrill you, and fulfill you!  Rocky Horror has never looked or sounded as fabulous as it does on this DVD.  Disc one contains two versions of the film (UK and US) with audio commentary by Richard O'Briena and Pat Quinn, an audience participation track, and DVD ROM extras (a video jukebox, games, a Rocky Horror timeline, and screensavers). Disc 2 contains deleted musical scenes (&quot;Superheroes&quot; &amp; &quot;Once in a While&quot;), alternate takes, documentaries, sing-alongs, and more.  If you're a fan of ROCKY HORROR, this is a DVD you can't be without.  Frank's throwing one of his affairs, so why don't you some up to the lab and see what's on the slab?
0613025326|4.0|I got through this book in 3 days....  The story is about two people who find true love. Set in the 1970's, Robert Kincaid is a photographer for National Geographic. He is doing a shoot in Madison County, Iowa, where he finds his true love. Together, over a period of only 4 days, they make all of each other they can. No other love story that I have ever read has been like this. The way the author writes it makes the book so good. The scenes collaborate with each other beautifully. The plot of this story kept me always wanting to want to know what was happening next. &quot; He noticed all of her.&quot; (back cover) was the quote that I thought put all of his thoughts of her into one. Although this is a very good book, it is not for everyone. The love scenes are very graphic, and are not appropriate for children.  This is a very good book, i would advise everyone to read it sometime. Somehow, the true love plot puts a whole new perspective on love. If you have been happily in love for a long time, consider yourself lucky,...
0789723107|5.0|I'm not a technical person and I found this book insightful, packed with useful information, incredibly well-written and thoroughly enjoyable.  I was able to get a really good feel for the rationale and practice of usability testing.  And I appreciated the &quot;heads up&quot; on other books to further my understanding.  I was also truly impressed with the way Steve Krug demonstrates an uncommon respect for both the general public and web designers alike.  And the design of the book is just gorgeous!
B000051VWW|4.0|Well 8 years of absence wasnt so bad after all...as Sade has remerged with their brand new album Lovers Rock. The album never gets beyond mid-tempo, there's no sing-along chorus and the mood is mostly sombre. what makes the CD special is ultimately the alluring and soulful voice of Sade Adu which strings the songs together in perfection. Sade sings of love lost and love found in that perfect blend of pop/R&amp;B-soulfulness... By Your Side, Immigrant, Every Word &amp; Lovers Rock are some of the wonderful tracks from the Sade. Don't expect anything OTT or hip-hop, this is soul without the frills...even the entire CD packaging looks like an over-simplified accompliment. Lyrics and few pics adorn the sleeve. A proof that great music needs litle hype.
6303014100|5.0|If you ever read a book, then watched the movie and were disappointed, this movie is for you.  This movie EXACTLY matches the book The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara. <br />From the speeches by Chamberlain and Buster on humanity, Pickett on states rights, Armistad on divided friendship, to Lee on keeping a unit together towards a common goal, there is plenty of inspiration in this movie.  Add the music, panoramic scenery, and other performances, and this movie should have won oscars.
0553573403|5.0|The series written by Martin is tremendous, but I find myself disturbed by the fixation that some people have on the 'lack of magic' in the series.  These are likely the same sorts of people who likely spend 8 hours a day fireballing goblins in Diablo II, but nonetheless I feel required to respond.  Martin understands the most important lesson that Lord of the Rings has to teach:  Magic is most impressive and exciting when it is rare, inscrutable, and _hard to use_.  There is an interview on barnesandnoble.com linked to this book in which Martin describes how he dealt with magic in the series.  In keeping with the Lord of the Rings, magic is a truly rare and wonderful thing, actually linked in the tale (for those paying attention) to the existence of dragons.  Martin duly notes that there is little about Gandalf in Lord of the Rings that suggests overt magical power.  To do so is to lapse into the clumsy, heavy-handed stylings of folks like Jordan and Brooks, where magic is everywhere.  Gandalf uses fireworks.  He scares some goblins.  He opens a magical door.  He chases off a ringwraith.  He fights a Balrog (in retrospect).  In the end, we see he wears a ring of power.  But has he spent book after book raining magical death on his foes?  Nope.  And the series is better for it.  Here we see a similar effect, by an author intentionally acknowledging and following Tolkien's superb example.  By the third book there is little question that magic exists, but it is as whimsical and capricious as all the other elements in the story.  If you make magic and wonder common and passe, you dilute the very elements of the fantasy epic that some people here are complaining do not exist.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is a good set for the person who doesn't have any Beatles CD's but wants to find out what they were about. However, instead of this disc, I would suggest the &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Blue&quot; albums. Besides &quot;the number 1's&quot;, they also include essential album tracks. And like one of the other reviewers mentioned, buying the BEATLES 1 might inspire you to also purchase their studio albums.
031286504X|5.0|As a child (and young teen) I'd had the opportuntity to see many of Richard Matheson's works converted into movies (Incredible Shrinking Man, Hell House, Last Man on Earth &amp; The Omega Man), but being an avid reader at heart I eagerly hunted his novels &amp; stories down one by one over many years...until at last I found his terrifying novel...&quot;I am Legend&quot;.<br />Robert Neville, the hero of Matheson's brilliant work, is a tortured man living a life of loneliness, despair, frustration and paranoia. Driven into this existence by a genocidal plague that wiped out humanity, and the prowling vampires of the night that seek nothing more than to drain his flesh of every drop of his precious blood.<br />Matheson so vividly conveys the terrible loneliness of Neville's plight and his monotonous existence trying to get through each solitary day...and each white knuckled, pulse pounding night. I found myself experiencing such a wide range of emotions reading this book...sadness, pity, anger, euphoria and symapthy....Matheson really outdid himself with this excellent piece of writing !<br />By far and away one of my favourite fantasy novels...If you don't already own a copy....do so now ! You won't be dissapointed !
B000002A3T|4.0|The Division Bell is a fantastic audio masterpiece,  and classic Pink Floyd in style and in substance.  The more time elapses,  the more I conclude that Roger Waters' departure was a net benefit for the band.<br />The album's sole shortcoming is that it is not nearly so great as Dark Side of The Moon.  If it weren't for DSOTM, this might be remembered as one of the greatest Floyd albums.  But as it is, it pales in comparison to that awesome sonic jewel.
0517548232|5.0|Excellent book. I have nothing new to say that the previous reviewers have not said - just wanted to cast my vote for a 5-Star piece! I have read numerous books on economics and political philosophy - this is among the best. A high school student could read it and learn. Worth the money, worth the time it takes to read (very easy reading.) Keep it in your bathroom instead of Reader's Digest and read a chapter every day.
0375703764|5.0|This is a story about a strange house.  This is also the story about Navidson, a Pulitzer Prize winning photojournalist who moves his family into the strange house.  This is also the story of a documentary filmed by Navidson about his family moving into the strange house.  This is also the story of House Of Leaves, a book written by an old blind man, a book about the documentary of the family that lived in the strange house.  This is also the story of Johnny Truant, the person who finds and restores the book written by an old blind man about a documentary of the family that lived in the strange house, and does so at the risk of his own sanity.  It is all of this, and so much more.<br />  House Of Leaves is not a book for the passive reader.  With two major plot lines running almost simultaneously throughout the book, and several more scratching the surface at various points, this is a book that demands your full attention, both while you are reading it and for weeks to come afterwards.<br />  There isn't much that can be said about the intent or message behind House Of Leaves, for there are too many to list, and the list is constantly changing.  This is a book that demands to be read twice, with the threat of a third looming in the distance, and no doubt it will read differently each time.  Indeed, this is the kind of book that reads you.  As multi-layered as the house on Ash Tree Lane itself, it will earn a permenant place on your bookshelf, no doubt well in reach.
0684803356|5.0|For most readers the jury is back on Hemmingway; you love him or you hate him.  For fans of Hemmingway's prose this novel is a true masterpiece, but even those who aren't particularly fond of Hemmingway's sparse style will find lots to like in For Whom The Bell Tolls.  <br />Wrapped in a brisk plot of pre-combat suspense and the ensuing battle Hemmingway has hidden the definitive anti-war novel.  In the three days that we follow Robert Jordan's efforts for the Republic against the Fascists we watch him develop a love of incredible intensity with the girl Maria, then willingly throw everything away for a senseless fight between two equally irrational forces struggling for power in the eve of WWII.<br />The most powerful account of brutality and inhumanity is not attributed to the Fascists, but is Pilar's tale of the early days of the revolution and atrocities carried out by the Republicans - the side for which Jordan is risking his life.  Although moved by the tale and by Pilar's excellent account (indeed as most reviews comment this self-contained story of Pilar's is the strongest part of the novel) Jordan cannot veer from the path that has been set for him, both by his war hero grandfather and by his father; Jordan views his father as a coward because he died by suicide - a them which runs through the novel.  Even his unexpected discovery of Maria and true love cannot deflect him from his course of self-destruction.  <br />As an anti-war novel For Whom The Bell Tolls is elegant and subtle.  Hemmingway, in typical fashion, lionizes the warriors.  The American Jordan and the guerilla leader El Sordo are depicted as noble men of principle.  Even his treatment of the fascist lieutenant Berrendo is sympathetic.  Hemmingway's commentary is an attack on the senselessness of war (or this particular war, anyway) but those who fight that war are largely treated as tragic figures.  <br />The characters are among the most complete that I've encountered in a novel.  In that they're developed using Hemmingway's sparse style makes the feat all the more impressive.  The novel perhaps is a bit long, and there are in my opinion some extraneous elements that could have been omitted, but the conclusion is a masterpiece.  There are not many novels that have had as great an emotional effect on me.  A must read.
B000002LAB|3.0|In subsequent concerts, Miles got his band to open some of these pieces out and play them with some life and organic feel - &quot;Tutu&quot; is a great composition, and the band's extended take on &quot;Portia&quot; from a 1987 concert in Germany (not yet available above-board, but maybe someday) is wonderous.  &quot;Splatch&quot; was pretty good live, too.<br />But this album suffers from 1980's syndrome, a replacement of band functions by one whiz kid playing drum boxes and other instruments - it hasn't got much life to it.  Half the material is weak &quot;fusion&quot;-styled pap, too.  Miles' studio albums in the 1980's don't move me much, but his live performances were something different.
6303212379|4.0|I think this movie was a great family movie and not just for kids. I have seen this movie several times and now my kids love it as well.  I just wish we can find the Soundtrack or at least the Single from Cyndi Lauper with the song &quot;Goonies 'R' Good Enough (for me)&quot;.  We can't find it anywhere!
0553106635|5.0|George R. R. Martin is simply the best author in fantasy.  His ability to keep the story flowing, tie togethor complex plots, and keep the reader guessing is phenomonal.<br />A Storm of Swords keeps well with the tradition GRRM set in his first two books. In all the years I have been reading, no book has ever made me react the way this one did.  I have cried in books before, and stories have certainly made me angry.  However, in one unexpected turn in this latest installment of A Song of Fire and Ice, I actually slammed the book closed and threw it across the room.  It may sound childish, but this book affected me to that extent.  If you are a reader who likes lighthearted stories with happy endings, then this book probably is not for you.  <br />The plot develops nicely throughout this book.  It is a veritably tome, but I do not buy the argument that it is too long.  This story simply was not long enough!  I cannot wait until the next installment to this series.    Martin's character development is incredible, and characters only grow in complexity as the story progresses.  The reader finds himself second-guessing all the things he absolutely knew to be true about Jamie Lannister.  <br />I highly recommend A Storm of Swords.  The only thing that does not fit about this book is the wait for A Dance of Dragons.  What will I ever do for the next two years?
B0000009SY|5.0|I don't think I honestly knew what Rock music was until I heard Frank Zappa. This was one of the very first albums I listened to growing up and maybe that's why it has made such an impression on me. Basically, you need this album. I don't care who you are. This is one of the most mind expanding albums of all time. I rank this up there with greats such as Dark Side of The Moon, Electric Ladyland, The White Album, Physical Graffiti, etc... This is one of Rock's all time greatest albums. All you need to know for proof of Frank Zappa's brilliance is: Disc 2, Track 6. That song makes my soul fly high. Every single time I listen to this song my mind goes all numb and melty. It's the sweetest, most gut wrenching guitar solo ever written or played. Each single note drips with emotion and tone, descending from the dreamy guitar heaven and floating blissfully through the sonic waves. It's played over a sweeping chord progression that carries you beyond the realms of bliss into something more pure than thought itself. For anyone that likes great guitar work or even not, I highly recommend listening to this song - over and over at extremely high volume!
0553106635|5.0|George R. R. Martin is simply the best author in fantasy.  His ability to keep the story flowing, tie togethor complex plots, and keep the reader guessing is phenomonal.<br />A Storm of Swords keeps well with the tradition GRRM set in his first two books. In all the years I have been reading, no book has ever made me react the way this one did.  I have cried in books before, and stories have certainly made me angry.  However, in one unexpected turn in this latest installment of A Song of Ice and Fire, I actually slammed the book closed and threw it across the room.  It may sound childish, but this book affected me to that extent.  If you are a reader who likes lighthearted stories with happy endings, then this book probably is not for you.<br />The plot develops nicely throughout this book.  It is a veritably tome, but I do not buy the argument that it is too long.  This story simply was not long enough!  I cannot wait until the next installment to this series.  Martin's character development is incredible, and characters only grow in complexity as the story progresses.  The reader finds himself second-guessing all the things he absolutely knew to be true about Jamie Lannister.<br />I highly recommend A Storm of Swords.  The only thing that does not fit about this book is the wait for A Dance of Dragons.  What will I ever do for the next two years?
0446310786|4.0|In my opinion, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was both entertaining and educational.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading the book, and, under normal circumstances, I do not read purely for enjoyment.  However, I feel that most anyone could read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD purely for enjoyment and come out having learned, in a unique way, how the South was, and in many ways still is.  The book brings to light many problems that are so very simple, yet nearly impossible to solve.  This novel is a mere tool for dealing with the simple minded problems such as prejudice and hypocrisy.
B0000057C5|3.0|O.k., let me explain the meaning of &quot;Du hast&quot;. It's a play on words: &quot;Du hast&quot; actually means &quot;you have&quot;, but it is pronounced the same way as &quot;Du hasst&quot;, which means &quot;you hate&quot;. When Rammstein then say &quot;Du hast mich&quot;, that's &quot;you have me&quot; in English, but normally anyone from Germany would think it means &quot;you hate me&quot; as the pronounciation is the same, but it makes more sense. Again, the context of the next line changes the sense: &quot;Du hast mich gefragt und ich habe nichts gesagt&quot; (literally: &quot;You have asked me and I have said nothing&quot;). So looking at the whole sentence, it becomes clear that &quot;Du hast&quot; means &quot;you have&quot;. To summarize, a German would understand: &quot;You... you have... you HATE me... you have asked me...&quot; Got it?<br />Suprisingly Rammstein aren't as popular in Germany as they are in the U.S. Many people seem to think their lyrics are far to simple (with the exception of &quot;Du hast&quot;, of course *g*) In my opinion this cd is o.k., but lacks real superhits. Only &quot;Du hast&quot; and &quot;Engel&quot; rock.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King once again reminds us that he has no need to occupy a throne among the demi-gods of &quot;high&quot; literature.  While never forgetting that writing is an art, thankfully he accentuates that it is mainly a craft. &quot;You'll also want grammar on the top shelf of your toolbox, and don't annoy me with your moans of exasperation...&quot;<br />As we continue to exalt good intentions over consequences in this world -- but Officer, I really didn't MEAN to hit him -- King forces us to acknowledge that a creative idea doesn't necessarily lead to a successful piece of creative writing.  &quot;..it is impossible to make a great writer out of a [merely] good one...  <br />King offers instruction in crafting writing that can help anyone interested in improving their writing--from the bad to the &quot;merely&quot; good to the great. However, he is honest enough to hurt our feelings.  Not everyone can be a Stephen King.
0679746048|4.0|In 1967, at the age of 18, Susanna Kaysen was admitted to a hospital for the mentally ill. She stayed there for a little under two years and this book is a series of essays about her time in the hospital.<br />It is not a diary and there is little in the way of continuity from one part of the book to another but this book is about the experiences of hospitalisation rather than being a narrative of a period of time.<br />The book opens a window on life as seen by a patient in a psychiatric hospital and what we see through the window is highly revealing. While the author and her fellow patients may have appeared to be behaving strangely, unpredictably or crazily, they had reasons for what they did that seemed fine to them at the time.<br />Less convincing are the parts where the author tries to talk about the rights and wrongs of sending her to the hospital. She seems to want to make the point that she was going through the difficult transition from being a girl to being a woman and was having a harder time than most people. She feels that this does not justify the way that she was sent to, and kept in, the hospital. That may be the case but, whereas the description of her time is the hospital is rightly one person's story, the rights and wrongs of her being sent there needs an objective input to be convincing.<br />The writing style is clear and direct and the whole book is very readable. While it is quite possible to read this book in one sitting, I'd not recommend that. You will get a lot more out of it if you slow down and take a couple of days to finish it and have time to think between every few chapters.
6305127689|5.0|Definitly a family classic.  I remember heading to the movies with my family back on Memorial day weekend '86.  An instant favorite.  The story has it all: love, death, action, humor, inspiration. Tommy Cruise at his prime.  Anthony Edwards before ER.  The DVD version only adds to the adventure with crisp images of thundering jets- it feels like they're actually doing &quot;fly-by's&quot; in your living room.  It's a great way to show off your soundsystem!  My only wish about this version is that they should have included the Pepsi commercial which was originally a trailer to the movie.   Not to worry, Tommy's stellar performance and Kenny Loggins' &quot;Danger Zone&quot; make up for it.  &quot;Sorry, boys. There's two &quot;O's&quot; in Goose.&quot;  &quot; Slider... you stink.&quot;
B000000QFV|5.0|After striking out with Seventh Star and Eternal Idol, Headless Cross was a triple and TYR was a homerun.  TYR is everything you expect from Black Sabbath -- some brooding, a healthy dose of mythology, and tight composition -- without the ever-present mentions of Satan from Headless Cross.  This and Cross Purposes were Tony Martin's best performances with sabbath, and certainly show that the Sabbath behemoth was back in action.  Anno Mundi, Jerusalem, and Heaven in Black sound fresh every time I play this CD, and the TYR trilogy is awesome.  Buy two.
B00004XQP4|3.0|What's here is okay, thus far I haven't really seen the energy included in their previous efforts.  But C'MON GUYS!  CDS HOLD OVER 70 MINUTES OF MUSIC!  Warning clocks in at almost 42 minutes of music...enough to fit on a vinyl album (hey, they did that too, wonder if that's why...).  Music is good, but not nearly enough of it on a CD for my money.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Director David N. Twothy (the Arrival) has undoubtedly surpassed my wildest expectations with this devilishly clever and well polished Science Fiction thriller that resonates with immensely amusing dialogue, sparkles with highly believable characters, reverberates with noteworthy performances from Radha Mitchell (Fry), Cole Hauser (Johns), and the incomparable Van Disel in a star making performance as the irrepressible career criminal Riddick, and ingeniously experiments and rearranges classic SCI/FI formulas and conventions ranging from Alien, Aliens, Terminator, and Star Trek with subtle filmmaking rarities like plot and character development to conceive a Sci-Fi epic that has volatile mix of sophisticated horror, highly modulated thrills and chills, and a uniquely human dimension that is sorely lacking in its peers.<br />Pitch Black is much deserved respite from the average Sci-Fi onslaught of just recycled story pictures, monster slasher flicks, inane clones and formula hybrids, and technology driven effects pictures with essentially nothing more to provide than it's sophisticated effects. Though Pitch Black contains it's lion share of new age special effects and sounds, Pitch Black instead uses the wildly advanced film-making faculties as icing on top of a well defined story rather than the other way around. <br />Thankfully, Pitch Black comes packaged with an entire brigade of options ranging from a David  N. Twothy commentary track, a making-of Documentary, theatrical trailers, a three-extra minute exclusive un-rated version of the film, a marketing video on the selling of Pitch Black, and more. A Must-Buy for any fan of superior science fiction.<br />P.S. Certainly has the most charismatic villain since the Terminator.
B000001ES9|4.0|When I first got this album, I didn't really like it. But after about a week or 2 of listening to it, I started to like the whole album, and I still do. &quot;Finding My Way&quot;, starts off the album rocking hard. &quot;Here Again&quot;, initially was 7 1/2 minutes of boredom, but now I like it. I think &quot;What You're Doing&quot;, and &quot;Working Man&quot;, are the best cuts on the album, even though I like all of them.<br />This does not feature the deep lyrics of Neil Peart, because he wasn't here until the next album, &quot;Fly By Night&quot;, but, if you want to take a break from his deep intellectual influence on the band and try something that's more loose and free, give this one a try, just don't expect the Rush that we've all come to know with Peart.
0792153367|5.0|I love this film.From the first scene when the yellow cab stopped with Holly alighting,having her breakfast in front of Tiffany's to the very last scene when Holly &amp; Paul reconciled and kissed in the rain...<br />Simply marvellous piece of work.  With the flawless performance from Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard. The unique mood of the movie.And my fave song &quot;Moon River&quot;. Who can forget the part when Holly sitting by her window plucking the guitar strings and singing....&quot;Moooonnn River....&quot;      Great adaption from Truman Cropte's book with many magical touches and refinements. It's about a free-spirit girl Holly's struggle in Life,her fear of Love and commitment, she didn't even think she own her nameless 'cat'. Paul is a struggling writer who actually a 'kept-man' by a rich lady. Fate brought them together,first as neighbours to friends and eventually lovers. They were soul mates who needed each other and are made of each other....they are after the same rainbow end.<br />The idea was refreshing....esp.doing things that each have never done:- Strolling down New York street in the morning, stealing, visiting the Library and of course Tiffany's. Simply amazing, fantastic and romantic . <br />The best part about it was both Holly and Paul were practical people with dark secrets and not really perfect human beings and it make the story more realistic but not losing the romantic fairy tale feel. <br />This film is one of the best in movie history. It touches my heart my soul with scenes with the perfect combo of laughter,sadness,ironic,truth,secrets,romance,life,etc....... Timeless and Unforgettable......
6304297912|5.0|This movie unlike some movies shows depth about heroin use and its side effects physically and mentally.  Not only viewing drug use but the poverty and everyday struggles of people trying to make it in the world.
B000051VWW|5.0|IF YOU ARE WANTING SOME WORDS OF WISDOM AS TO WHY YOU SHOULD BUY THIS CD THEN YOU ARE NOT A TRUE SADE FAN.  ALL IS RIGHT WITH THE MUSIC WORLD NOW THAT SHE IS BACK.  I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS CD ITS SO INFECTIOUS.  JUST LIKE ALL OF HER OTHER ALBUMS IT SPEAKS TO YOUR EVERY BEING, RIGHT DOWN TO THE CORE OF YOUR EXISTENCE. ANOTHER CLASSIC
B000002MP2|3.0|Considered by many to be Green Day's debut, more dedicated fans of punk will ofcourse know of the two albums on Lookout.  Dookie was however the album that steered Green Day towards mainstream acceptance and success.  Though dismissed by most punk fans, this isn't actually bad album, the usual MTV fare of 'Basketcase' and 'When I Come Around' are there but there are true gems like 'Pulling Teeth' and 'Coming Clean'.  A worthy buy for anyone who is looking for some nice poppy punk or is testing the waters to see if this punk thing is for them.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Embarrassing for the cast, the writers, the director and to be an American. I missed the opportunity to watch this film on the big screen during the summer, I am glad I did. Perhaps I have become spoiled by the excellence and craft of other film makers, their attention to detail and the effortlessness in which they transport me into their film; never once having the thought cross my mind this was a bunch of actors standing on a sound stage reciting lines per a script. From the opening of U-571 that is all you see. Not once did I believed they were actually on a submarine, as in Das Boot or Hunt for Red October, instead the actors entered and left a huge set looking uncomfortable in their uniform costumes.<br />  The script itself is poorly written with inappropriate emotional scenarios and inconsistencies in all the characters. A crewman's response to orders to put his dead buddy in the torpedo tube along with refuse and detritus to hopefully fool the German destroyer circling overhead into thinking they've had been hit: &quot;Like...like garbage Lieutenant?&quot; He asks softly, eyes distaught. Watching helplessly the day before as the rest of his crew mates were killed during a torpedo attack, screaming in agony till the waves sucked them under had done nothing to harden him to the realities of war and certainly challenging a direct order when all their lives are at risk is perfectly acceptable, especially when time is off the essence. A little hand holding is always important amongst men in a crisis.<br />  Bad as the entire viewing was, the coup de grace for this film comes at the end, leaving a very, very bad taste in this American's mouth. When the credits roll by there is a list of ships that had captured different parts of the enigma machine through the war, going through trials and sacrifices like what had just been witnessed. Every ship began with HMS except one.<br />  Save your money and time and avoid this film.
B0000508U6|5.0|Parachutes is perhaps the best album of the year along with Radiohead's Kid A. These guys are keeping the Brits ahead with the sweet sound of music and could possibly become one of the biggest bands if they get known. Yellow's chorus is something you'll want to hear over and over again along with the graceful sounds that come out of Shiver. Parachutes is perhaps the greatest 51 second song of all time. Watch out for these guys
B000051VWW|5.0|YOU KNOW THE DRILL BY NOW WITH SADE CD'S JUST BY THEM DON'T EVEN READ THIS STUPID REVIEWS...LET HER MUSIC SPEAK TO YOUR SOUL
B000002N2P|4.0|Insomniac followed the chart-topping Dookie and didn't sell as well..  Because it wasn't pop.  Being rawer, faster, darker and many other things ending in -er I'm sure, Insomniac was the punk fan's Green Day.  Songs like the excellently titled 'Armitage Shanks' and 'Jaded' are fast and abrasive and the it only stops for breath upon the final track; 'Walking Contradiction'.  In true punk record form, the CD only clocks in at over thirty minutes.
0553106635|5.0|George R.R. Martin definitely provides entertainment to the reader. His books provide unexpected twists and turns, in which the reader is always undecided upon the content of the next chapter. I would recommend this series to any reader of Robert Jordan, because though Jordan has talent, the end of his books has already been told and there is no point in reading further, while Martin leaves you in mystery about the ending to the story. This man can write.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Okey, so I'm not some hot shot music critic.  How many of those are there anyway?  When I buy a music CD, I either want to  be taken somewhere I have never been or to be taken back to a fond memory.  You can ask my mom, I LOVED the Beatles.  I was a freshman in high school when the British Invasion hit the USA. The perfect time of my life to be completely absorbed in the music of the times.  Some of my favorites are missing from this collection, but I almost don't mind.  This is an awesome CD to take with you in the car or on your daily walk.  It reminds me of my youth and those happy times.  If you ever sang along or went to see their movies, over and over, you will love this CD.  We love you, yea yea yea!  We love you, yea yea yea!
B00004ZAV3|1.0|Without a doubt, The Beatles are my very favorite group. I own all their music. The problem I have with compilations is what every true Beatle fan knows; you can't separate or cherry pick their albums. For instance, Penny Lane and Strawberry Fields should never be separated. And those songs can't be truly appreciated apart from their friends on the Magical Mystery Tour. Plus, these are not necessarily, The Beatles &quot;best&quot; songs, only their most popular. If you are interested in getting into The Beatles, buy the Rubber Soul or/and Revolver CDs. Then go back to Help or forward to The White Album or Abby Road. Don't give this CD a second thought.
B000034CCH|4.0|It's not often that a cover of a jazz classic beats the original but Bobby Hutcherson did it twice to Herbie Hancock with \\"Maiden Voyage\\" and the \\"Theme from Blow Up\\", two consummate examples of how \\"the vibes\\" - an instrument whose essentially laid-back sound is often consigned to MOR music - can in fact push an inherently melodic jazz tune to ethereal and quite beautiful heights.<br />But here's the catch... these two tracks are rare indeed. This imported and therefore expensive Japanese compilation features \\"Maiden Voyage\\" and several other excellent cuts but newcomers are likely to be better off hunting down the cheaper \\"Bobby Hutcherson Collection\\" (available in the UK on HMV Jazz 7243 5 20868 2 5) which includes both Herbie Hancock tracks and his equally inspiring version of Joe Sample's \\"Goin' Down South\\". A record that exudes the \\"cool relaxation\\" that only a vibraphone in highly skilled hands can achieve.
B000001FTQ|3.0|Bad is the real reason I bought this CD as I had purchased the Greatest Hits CD and assumed that this version would be on the CD.  Since I was wrong, I basically bought two songs for about $10.  It was a waste but Bad does make up for it as this is the version that seems to stick in everyone's mind.
B000002J1M|4.0|Alot of people are only familiar with the Phil Collins-led Genesis of the 1980's, who were pop music at it's worst.  If you hate that band, don't be swayed away from giving this version of the band a listen. The group from this time was led by Peter Gabriel and there is nothing on this album that comes close to sounding like &quot;Invisible Touch&quot; or the like.  What you get is some of the most way out there prog-rock of the 70's.  Gabriel voice has such emotion and fragility and Steve Hackett's guitar playing is intricately woven in and out of the songs.  Tony Banks' keyboards are the backbone of the record and Phil Collins' and Mike Rutherford's playing is competent.  While many songs can be called ambitious, &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; may define the term.  In it's 22 minutes, it weaves together 7 song movements and is the defining moment of the band's career.
0767849493|2.0|I thought 'Clerks' was somewhat a charming, if poorly acted, first film. Realistic setting with OK dialogue.... got a laugh out of Silent Bob, so I figured that 'Dogma' would be a nice leap forward for Smith with its big-name stars and what-not. Turns out that this guy released the single most WORDY film I've ever sat through. It's like listening to anything off of Springsteen's first two albums where he crams in about 200 words per verse (&quot;Blinded by the Light&quot;)<br />Suffering from aural fatigue after viewing this film, I high-tailed it to an abandnoded campground in upstate New York and entered into a vow of silence for one week. No words spoken, none heard. I was tired of the words that every character in 'Dogma' had to constantly utter whenever they were on screen. My creative writing prof in college always told us to &quot;show don't tell&quot;. <br />Too bad Smith couldn't follow this simple rule.
B000002699|5.0|&quot;Jazz-rock fusion&quot;... a label that has inspired dozens of mediocre recordings! But here it is in its primeval and arguably never to be bettered form - a groundbreaking showcase for the talents of artists at the peak of their skills and an addictive and quite brilliant example of true musical innovation.<br />Like &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; a decade earlier Miles Davis assembles a stunningly adept peer group - including Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock, Jo Zawinul, John McLaughlin, Tony Williams, Chick Corea &amp; Dave Holland - and then pushes their and his playing to previously undiscovered heights. The end result?... jazz improvisation at its very best, with nothing detracting from the unstoppable flow of the satisfyingly tight melodic structures, despite the enormous complexity of what is actually going on, and with the complete album merging into a gloriously unified whole.<br />&quot;In a Silent Way&quot; quickly draws you into its languidly ethereal atmosphere, driving poly-rhythms and wonderful extemporisations and, like all true jazz masterpieces, pays out enormous bonuses from repeat listening. An essential part of any jazz collection!
B000006TRV|5.0|This is where the band began to truly unravel and it brought out the best in two of them (Rick Wright was largely absent and keyboards were played by several credited and uncredited musicians; Nick Mason was replaced on drums by Jeff Porcaro for at least one song).  Roger is the chief musical and lyrical force, but Gilmour brings his A game to the table, especially on Comfortably Numb and Run Like Hell, two songs he co-wrote.  An excellent starting point for the newbie PF fan.
B000002BPS|5.0|When I'm listening to this perfect album I sure am.  A while ago, I thought Smash was the best Offspring CD.  Boy was I wrong!  This album is a heck of alot better than Smash.  It shows raw power and talent, meaningful lyrics in a world where good lyrics are hard to find, and the Offspring have a style all their own.  Not too poppy as with, say Blink 182, or not too hardcore, for example Pennywise.  This album contains may of their hits, such as &quot;All I Want&quot; and &quot;Gone Away&quot;, both of which are AMAZING songs.  But to tell you the truth, every song is good.  The stand-outs on this album are &quot;The Meaning Of Life&quot;, a raw, blazingly fast punk song, &quot;Gone Away&quot;, one of the most powerful songs since Pearl Jam's &quot;Black&quot;, &quot;Way Down The Line&quot;, a great song that asks the question, will we end up like our parents?, and &quot;Cool To Hate&quot;, a funny song about somebody who hates EVERYTHING from jocks to Doc Martens.  The only sub-par cut on this record is &quot;Don't Pick It Up&quot;, a ska-ish song minus the brass section.  It just doesn't fit in with the whole feeling of the album.  If you are a newer Offspring fan, and have picked up Conspiracy Of One, you will find that this album VERY closely resembles it.  The only thing is, nothing matches this album.  Perfection.  Pure perfection.  Do yourself a favor; grab a few dollars and go pick up this totally under-rated gem.  Y ou will not be dissapointed
1558808000|3.0|If you want to wander over a fairyland, this movie is a good choice. I assure it does not disappoint you. Well, as for me, for 2 hours, all the problem of my life (job, boss, family, etc.)  has disappeared into a comical world. But, when I watched it again, I could not help thinking it as a different movie. Story is simple, characters (though I admit Michael J Fox made a wonderful performance) are typical, and anyway there is no reality in it. So, I advise you. When your failure or misfortune discourages you, please watch this movie once, not twice.
0790738139|5.0|This detective movie will keep you at the edge of your seat and make you guessing until the end.It will also bring back to your memory those 40's private detective movies you used to love.RUSSELL CROWE's character is something to see and KIM BASINGER has her best part.If you gotta make a violent movie, at least try to tell a story ,and CURTIS HANSON has done so.A perfect example of its kind.
B000002U8G|5.0|This is the album which gives a glipse of the soundscapes that would dominate DSOTM and WYWH.  Standout tracks include &quot;One of These Days&quot;, &quot;Fearless&quot;, and &quot;Echoes&quot;.
0671027344|5.0|October 24th, 2000  Charlie is a 16 year old boy that lives somewhere in the U.S.A (the book doesn't mention the state and city). He is the protagonist of the book, The Perks of Being a Wallflower. The Perks of Being a Wallflower is my very favorite book because the subject is very interesting and makes you want to read more and more. I think that Stephen Chbosky, the author, has put together excellent ideas, which compose the book and make it very interesting.   The book is about Charlie's life and the problems that he has to face. One of his 4 major problems is that he has to make decisions between taking drugs or not, studying for his tests, going out with his friends and other problems that teens usually have to face.  The book is narrated by Charlie, it's his diary. In the book, he experiences hanging out with the older guys in his school, the seniors and juniors. So he goes to parties, travels etc. In the book, he gets very drugged all the time. And the author tells the reader exactly how he feels while he is taking the drugs. I think that the describing that the author does is one of the good features of the book because it really made me feel like it was like happening to me.  The major conflict in this story is that Charlie falls in love with one of his friends Sam. She is very pretty and nice, but already has aboyfriend....  I would recommend this book to any person.
B00003CWL6|5.0|What a Movie!  A great blend of Characters and plot twists.  Kevin Spacey was superb in it.  It had to be one of the best movies I've seen in my life.  If you don't own this movie, or even seen it well . . . GET IT!!
6300183513|5.0|By today's standard,REAR WINDOW will probably appear slow-moving, and there is no doubt that this film presents a sad distorted view of life that can repel many people.But while not as entertaining as NORTH BY NORTHWEST AND PSYCHO , it is perhaps HITCHCOCK's most personal statement on film.Great establishing shot at the beginning and attention to details are fun all the way.GRACE KELLY will remain forever his perfect heroine, both sensitive and with a sense of humour to match her beauty.THELMA RITTER was always a wonderful supporting actress and what can i say about JIMMY, except that he was JIMMY STEWART ,and he was perfect for this kind of neurotic parts.
B000002C1W|3.0|This is really David Gilmour's third solo album.  Rick Wright and Nick Mason play very small parts on an album that is dominated by session musicians.  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; and &quot;One Slip&quot; sound less like Floyd tunes and more like bad 80's synth trips.  Look elsewhere.
B000002NC4|5.0|This cd is in one word (amazing). I really haven't gotten into emo. I have been trying to find the right band. I have found it with this band.
B00004XOWM|2.0|i listened to 3 dollar bill. then i listened to significant other. then i listened to hotdog crap. i mean freal, listen to each cd and u can see that limp bizkit selling out. go listen to 3 dollar bill if u aint a friggen bandwaggon kid and try to find a song that says that im gonna be rollin rollin rollin. durst shoulda stuck w/the songs about relationships and how they suck. this cd is all about money, and tryin to give people what they want and not what they want themselves as artists. if u want some good bizkit, 3 dollar and signficant other(some of it neway) are ur best bets.
B00003000M|4.0|All too often, bring-back-the-dead &quot;duets&quot; offer good reason to curse the technology that makes them possible. Meaning no disrespect to Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole or Hank Williams, some of their from-the-grave collaborations lack, well, life.<br />Praise Jah, that's not the case with these dozen Marley relics made to shine anew. Stephen Marley, the late singer's 27-year-old son, has enlisted some of hip hop's leading lights to help resurrect his father's songs for a new generation of listeners.<br />Before his death from cancer in 1981, Marley had expressed frustration that his music hadn't caught on with young black listeners. After unearthing alternate vocal takes from original recordings of his father's hits, Stephen and his coproducers grafted them to newly recorded hip-hop rhythm tracks and raps by young stars like Erykah Badu (&quot;No More Trouble&quot;), Rakim (&quot;Concrete Jungle&quot;) and MC Lyte (&quot;Jammin'&quot;).<br />A lovely harmonic convergence occurs on &quot;Turn Your Lights Down Low,&quot; a melodic ballad in which the deceased Marley sings with Lauryn Hill, the mother of two of his grandchildren (with Rohan Marley).
B00001U03Q|2.0|I really like Eric's work and listen to this CD quite a bit, but it showcases Eric's transformation to an adult contemporary artist, not the blues guitarist people know.  &quot;Running on Faith&quot; from the Unplugged sessions is really the true bonus of CD.
B00000AFGM|5.0|I had never heard MM before ordering MA from Amazon.  Now that I have listened to MM's music I am hooked.  He is so talented, insightful and extremely intelligent.  I love this music.  It is definatley not what I expected.  You cannot compare him to Ozzy, Metallica or Megadeath.  This band is in a class all of their own.  It is a mixture of so many things along with giving wonderful insight, poetry, and an in-your-face realty check on life. If you have never listened to MM do not let the media stereotype him for you, make your own decision, I did and am thrilled with this artist's talent.  FIVE + Stars to MM!  WOW!!
B000000NN1|1.0|I am from India and a great, great fan of Vangelis' music. See my reviews for Oceanic and El Greco. Of the 15 or so albums I know, I think this is the worst. No more comments.
B0000507PC|4.0|For some older stars, no longer having to carry a movie seems a palpable relief. So it is, one suspects, for Caine, 66, who in this absorbing coming-of-age drama gives a perfectly nuanced performance as a kindly doctor who attends to children in a Maine orphanage in the 1930s and '40s-and, on the side, performs illegal abortions for women in need.<br />The chore of shouldering Cider House, directed by Lasse Hallstr&ouml;m (What's Eating Gilbert Grape) and ably adapted for the screen by John Irving from his own 1985 novel, falls to Maguire, who proves up to the task.<br />He plays an orphan who, after apprenticing to Caine, sets out to see the world and, eventually, must decide whether he too will perform abortions. How he finds himself, and an answer, makes for a rewarding movie.
B000005ITX|1.0|I really like this album dispite being very dated to the 6o's flower power pop era.  Songs like old man, alone again or etc.  I wish that Mclean would have written more songs- I like his sensitvity over Lee's attempts at being with the times (which is why it is so dated).  &quot;I believe in ma-ha-gic, why because it is so quick&quot;- funny lyrics eh?  The biggest problem is that there is a very high pitched fuzz sound on the CD (I don't know if it was on the original LPs)- but I find it very annoying.  (the one star was just to get your attention- I give it 4 stars)
B000051VWW|4.0|you got ?,no then get her, lovers rock is good
B000002JB8|5.0|OCEANIC is simply splendid! Hats off to Vangelis. It is one of his best albums. I would rank it the fourth best among the 15 or so I have heard (1st is Chariots of Fire, 2nd El Greco, 3rd Antarctica, and 4th Oceanic. The worst is Heaven and Hell.) Oceanic is about the ocean, naturally. It lacks 'powerful' tracks like some found on Direct, but if you are after tranquil, relaxing music, Oceanic is the word. Extraordinary peace-bringing sweet melodies, ample sounds of the sea and the surf and the sea birds. Takes you virtually out in the ocean. My favourite tracks are Sirens' whispering and Spanish harbour. Fields of coral is a bad track. But as an album, this is simply a masterpiece without doubt.
6305657939|4.0|In The Thomas Crown Affair, Brosnan plays a self-made business tycoon who, just for kicks, robs a Monet painting worth $100 million from a Manhattan museum. Russo is an insurance investigator who's on his tail, so to speak, as the two fall for each other while at the same time trying to outwit one another.<br />Add cold marble stairs to the list of unlikely places-think sinks and flour-covered kitchen tables-upon which characters in movies make wild passionate love and that grand staircase in Brosnan's mansion--you either gain a sense of steamy romance, watching Brosnan and Russo grapple on the stone steps, or grimace and think, &quot;Oooh, that's gotta hurt.&quot;<br />In The Thomas Crown Affair one can be seduced by the characters and so caught up in the intricacies of the plot that you willingly suspend disbelief. A gutsy performance by Russo, who is giving her all (and showing nearly as much), and a smoothly competent one by Brosnan. Action abounds, especially the nifty final heist.<br />Thomas Crown is a remake of the then and still ultracool 1968 film that starred Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway (who smirks her way through a cameo here as Brosnan's shrink) and nabbed an Oscar for its tinkly &quot;The Windmills of Your Mind&quot; theme song.<br />Sexy action film.
B00001QGPR|1.0|This album is so contrived.  Thursdays's Child is an alright song- but most on this sounds like a hollowed out rock star searching for some substance or pretending to have some and coming up empty.  I loved the jubulance and even thoughtfulness that he had on all his 7o's albums from &quot;man who sold the world&quot; through &quot;Scary monsters&quot; (although I never went for pin ups). And some of his singles since then have been OK.  But what is this- it's like he's not even trying.
B000051VWW|5.0|WOW!  That is what comes to mind about this newest release from the gorgeous and smooth voiced Sade.  Incredible.  Has some bass in this one too...  Kickin' some would say.  This is a must have to your collection.  :o)
B00004WG28|4.0|Chow, making like a monarch, is one of the main reasons to watch Anna and the King, a lavish old-fashioned epic sporting a veneer of political correctness about cultural and economic differences.<br />Arriving in Bangkok for her new job as a teacher to the King's children, English widow Anna Leonowens (Foster) snootily proclaims, &quot;The ways of England are the ways of the world.&quot; But she soon comes to appreciate local customs as well as the local ruler.<br />The mutual attraction between the two, is more clearly articulated here than in earlier versions (1946's Anna and the King of Siam with Irene Dunne and Rex Harrison; a 1956 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, The King and I, with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner), goes a bit further than a slow dance and a caress on a cheek. These subtle romantic nuances, including sexual tension on the beach, gentle clasping of victorious hands, even ardent stares--steam up the screen almost as much as Siam's unpredictable humid weather.<br />Chow, the Hong Kong-born star who slightly washed out in his first American movie, The Replacement Killers, exudes sly sexiness and charisma here, despite those unflattering, short-pants costumes. Playing Mongkut, the 19th-century emperor of Siam, Chow does for costar Foster what even Richard Gere couldn't do in 1993's Sommersby: He makes her convincingly hot and bothered.<br />Director Andrew Tennant (Ever After) never decides what kind of movie he is making--which gives iteresting aspects for all. Anna flits between tropical travelogue (with Malaysia subbing for Thailand), romantic drama, Thai history lesson and, late in the film, action-adventure yarn.<br />Foster, sounding a bit like Julie Andrews, portrays her character with snap. And is gloriously costumed. This Anna has its moments, most of them belonging to Chow, but this is a fantasia flick to be lost in, even without the Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein score.
0800105141|5.0|I do not expect to see another film like &quot;Gandhi&quot; in my lifetime.  The movie sets itself apart from just about all other stories of triumph over oppression by its unflagging commitment to reality.  Most filmmakers are more faithful to their points of view than the stories they tell.  In contrast, the British who rule India in &quot;Gandhi&quot; are neither buffoons nor cackling villains.  This fidelity to story and personality allows viewers to feel as if they are witnessing, first-hand, events that occurred long ago.  <br />When I first saw &quot;Gandhi&quot; at age twelve, I was overwhelmed by the man himself.  He represented the best a person could be, better than a saint because anyone in any walk of life could follow his example.  Later I realized it wasn't just the power of the story, but also the movie-making itself.  The score, on its own, is a masterpiece.  The acting, directing, and cinematography are glorious.  Sure, it helps to have a compelling story, but Hollywood is littered with lousy movies based on great ideas.  <br />The only failure worth noting is the film's box-office pandering of Candice Bergen as Margaret Bourke-White.  Her performance was unobjectionable, but the focus on Bourke-White seemed forced and out of place: here's your glamour, now come see our movie.  At the theater, the marquee read, &quot;Ben Kingsley - Candice Bergen - `Gandhi.'&quot;  Right.  It's a Kingsley/Bergen film.  <br />Oh well, a small price to pay for a once in a lifetime creation.
6305807043|4.0|Don't miss this fabulously bizarre comedy, a dizzy original. Like Alice tumbling down the rabbit hole, office drone Cusack discovers a hidden door leading (honest) to the inside of actor John Malkovich's head.<br />Enter the door and one becomes Malkovich. The movie's Malkovich is a primping prima donna, played with gusto by the real Mr. M. Keener and is hilarious as a frosty dame who'd give icebergs a chill. Diaz pulls off the frizzy dippy wife. Bravos go to this film's two imaginative visionaries, director Spike Jonze and screenwriter Charlie Kaufman.
B000002KJQ|2.0|There's no doubt about the musical quality of this album, but it  sounds like the band were playing in the inside of a tunnel. I'm so disappointed, because I first bought the &quot;Six Pack&quot;, and looking for the original sound I've bought TRES HOMBRES. Surprise it's the same remastered recording
B00004RFDW|5.0|While still in the newspaper game herself, novelist Anna Quindlen once wrote a surprisingly self-flagellating column in which she said that journalists step in and out of people's lives as easily as they do a pair of shoes. They cajole folks into spilling secrets and then move on to the next story while the subjects are left to wonder if their candor was worth it.<br />That's what happens in The Insider, the best movie about the inner workings of big-time journalism since All the President's Men(1976), except that in this true tale of an exceedingly bad day at CBS's Black Rock headquarters, both the source and the reporter end up feeling betrayed.<br />The reporter is Lowell Bergman (Pacino), a veteran producer at 60 Minutes. In 1995 he persuaded Jeffrey Wigand (Crowe), a scientist and former high-level executive at the Brown &amp; Williamson Tobacco Corp., to tape an interview with Mike Wallace in which Wigand blew the whistle on what B&amp;W knew about smoking's dangers--and when it knew it.<br />Wigand bravely did so despite death threats and an orchestrated smear campaign. But then the CBS eye blinked: Corporate brass, fearful of a huge lawsuit by B&amp;W and of complicating the impending sale of the network, forbade broadcasting the interview. 60 Minutes executive producer Don Hewitt (Baker Hall) and, albeit reluctantly, Wallace (Plummer, making like a preening cat) went along. Wigand was left hanging out to dry until Bergman fought back.<br />Michael Mann (Heat), who co-wrote and directed Insider, tells this complicated story clearly and compellingly. The film runs for 2 hours and 35 minutes, but there's no fat in it. Pacino, shouting only when absolutely necessary, is convincingly intense in his refusal to accept that the rules have changed.<br />But Crowe (L.A. Confidential) is the core of this movie. Bulked up and balding, he movingly portrays a man who learns too late that while the truth may set you free, the cost is often considerable.
B00003XACV|3.0|Am I missing something here? Most people I talk to think the Lennox version of Neil Young's &quot;Don't Let It Bring You Down&quot; is the best song in the movie. Where is it on the soundtrack release??
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Look, another reviewer has mentioned original mono single mixes on this release, but there are none other than &quot;From Me to You&quot; and &quot;She Loves You&quot;.  &quot;Hey Jude&quot; is not in mono, and &quot;Revolution&quot; isn't even on this CD!  &quot;Love Me Do&quot; is mono, but not the original single mix, and the rest are all in glorious stereo, which is how almost none of them were ever heard originally, and the mono mixes rock.  Don't buy this if you think you're going to be getting the original mixes!
0399146253|5.0|I've read the reviews, and although I do agree with the fact that there isn't alot of action in this book, Patricia Cornwell doesn't not tell a bad story! Her Scarpetta novels are the best books I've ever read, and I pre-order everyone of them as soon as I hear the new one is coming out! If she was really such a lousy writer, then you tell me why she's a best-selling author!!
B0000025VU|4.0|Thats right one song makes the album. I am telling you now there is no more mature love song recorded by anybody anywhere. I will also say that &quot;License to Kill&quot; is a raw and straight forward look at the world, you wont be the same afterward. &quot;Joker Man&quot; is the first track and you will know you are in for something great from there.  If you can get the unrealsed stuff that should have been on this album you get a better view of what Bob had in mind, but this album will be remembered as great long after you and I are gone.
B0000041Z6|2.0|First, a history lesson: before taking over the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in 1968, Solti recorded 1, 2, 3, and 9 with the London Symphony Orchestra and 4 with the Concertgebouw. Even in these earlier recordings, Solti's tendency towards aggressiveness is evident, but he is held in check to a decent extent by these orchestras. Aside from the awful 3rd, these performances are actually quite good as Solti's muscularity, the RCO's unmatched expertise in Mahler and the LSO's consistency work well together. In fact, the 9th is a real sleeper - one of the best I've ever heard. Hopefully, London Records will rerelease it so that critics can give it another look.<br />Then Solti went to Chicago. The orchestra had talented players but had lost a lot of luster after five years with Martinon. Solti came in with the requisite gloss and attitude and brought to the CSO a renewed (and often unjustified) sense of its own greatness. From the late 60's to the mid-80's, Solti and the CSO did loom large, but that was largely because the &quot;Big Five&quot; American orchestras were in a funk. In Philly, Ormandy aged badly and then Muti came in and wrecked everything. Boston had Ozawa. Cleveland had Maazel. New York followed a challenging period under Boulez with the horrendous Mehta.<br />If Solti and the CSO specialized in anything, it was Mahler. They also performed Bruckner - horribly. But with the lack of competition, they were dubbed by some critics the best Mahler-Bruckner orchestra in America. And, certainly, the production values of the Mahler recordings from the 70's - 5, 6, 7, and 8 - are greater than that which is to be found in Bernstein's 60's recordings. The CSO's brass section was often praised for its accuracy and power.<br />Hearing these recordings today, I am hard-pressed to find much to praise beyond those scattered moments of excitement. 5 remains well-loved by some, but to me it sounds frenetic, manic, and lacking in subtlety - Solti's Fifth instead of Mahler's Fifth. The Chicago brass is often exciting, but the horn soloist in III is strident and harsh (Barbirolli had the better horn soloist, and, indeed, the whole New Philharmonia brass section plays with a richer, better-blended sound than does Chicago's). The Adagietto is well-conducted (not too slow!), but the Chicago strings are unable to play with the requisite rich tone. And this is the best of the four 70's performances! 6 delivers the goods in the big moments of I and IV, but Solti seems uninterested anywhere else (the Andante is particularly dry). 7 completely lacks atmosphere, despite an impressive III, and is played more like a brass concerto (of course, the CSO brass was one of the few sections able to handle these difficult parts with hardly any technical flaws). V is a noice-fest, probably the kind of reading that led Deryck Cooke to dismiss it altogether. 8 sounds like a contest in which every player and singer tries to drown out the person next to them. In short, 5-8 are brillance and brawn over subtlety and nuance. Style over substance.<br />Solti seemed to sense this and by the 80's had rethought, to some extent, his approach to Mahler. Again, the result is overkill, to the opposite extreme. 1 and 9 have richer, warmer playing and better sonics, but here Solti seems more concerned with tempering his aggressiveness and rounding off the rough edges. The results are flat, slack, and sterile, despite the excellent playing (the CSO had improved by the early 80's - at the end of the decade, however, they tapered off considerably). 2 is pressed, but somewhat heavy-handed and the soloists are weak. 4 is conducted and played like Ein Heldenleben - a bad approach to take for Mahler's most intimate symphony. 3 is actually the best performance in the whole cycle. Though somewhat lacking in warmth, Solti conducts with authority, brings out many details, and the CSO is better, technically, than they were in their superb recording under Levine seven years earlier. The contralto is excellent as well. Had Solti not chosen to rush the Finale's coda (an affectation too many conductors adopt), this Third might compete with the best ever (Levine, Horenstein, and Haitink).<br />In sum, 5-8 suffers from self-conscious brass and Solti's two-dimensional conducting - loud or bored - while 1, 2, and 9 are hurt by Solti's overcompensation, 4 is misguided, and 3 has much to recommend it. The CSO is a convincing Mahler orchestra, despite the loud brass and occasional intonation problems in the strings. Solti rarely errs in his choice of tempi - the issue with him is the inability to penetrate into the spirit of the music as deeply as Barbirolli, Walter, Levine, and Horenstein did, among others, so that the transitional passages don't sound like padding, and that other emotions come to the fore besides heroism and machismo. This cycle is probably best for die-hard fans of this orchestra/conductor team. If you're looking for a Mahler cycle, the Kubelik is by far the best of the ones available and, indeed, is one of the best ever. My preference among cycles is the old and out-of-print Haitink/Concergebouw set (Haitink knew when to pour on the excitement and when to be reflective; the orchestra, if not as technically sound as the CSO was in the 80's, could give every other orchestra Mahler lessons). But in truth, you may wish to pick and choose among individual performances, since no one, not even Haitink and Kubelik, can bring off every symphony equally well. If you're looking to save money, try these recommendations for starters:<br />1 - Haitink/Concertgebouw; 2 - Klemperer (I have some reservations, but a good overall performance and you can't argue with the price); 3 - Spend the money; 4 - Szell; 5 - Barbirolli or Dohnanyi; 6 - Szell (mediocre sound, however, but good, straight interpretation, excellent playing, and cheap - a special performance); 7 - Bernstein (there are no great performances of this work yet; this is pretty good); 8 - Haitink; 9 - Barbirolli (despite the fast Tempo I in the second movement, which I don't like though others don't care; otherwise, an outstanding account); and don't forget 10! Rattle's Bournemouth performance of the Cooke version is a good place to start (Dear SONY: Please reissue the Ormandy. Thanks, Jonathan Stern).ontralto is excellent as well. Had Solti not chosen to rush the Finale's coda (an affectation too many conductors adopt), this Third might compete with the best ever (Levine, Horenstein, and Haitink).<br />In sum, 5-8 suffers from self-conscious brass and Solti's two-dimensional conducting - loud or bored - while 1, 2, and 9 are hurt by Solti's overcompensation, 4 is misguided, and 3 has much to recommend it. The CSO is a convincing Mahler orchestra, despite the loud brass and occasional intonation problems in the strings. Solti rarely errs in his choice of tempi - the issue with him is the inability to penetrate into the spirit of the music as deeply as Barbirolli, Walter, Levine, and Horenstein did, among others, so that the transitional passages don't sound like padding, and that other emotions come to the fore besides heroism and machismo. This cycle is probably best for die-hard fans of this orchestra/conductor team. If you're looking for a Mahler cycle, the Kubelik is by far the best of the ones available and, indeed, is one of the best ever. My preference among cycles is the old and out-of-print Haitink/Concergebouw set (Haitink knew when to pour on the excitement and when to be reflective; the orchestra, if not as technically sound as the CSO was in the 80's, could give every other orchestra Mahler lessons). But in truth, you may wish to pick and choose among individual performances, since no one, not even Haitink and Kubelik, can bring off every symphony equally well. If you're looking to save money, try these recommendations for starters:<br />1 - Haitink/Concertgebouw; 2 - Klemperer (I have some reservations, but a good overall performance and you can't argue with the price); 3 - Spend the money; 4 - Szell; 5 - Barbirolli or Dohnanyi; 6 - Szell (mediocre sound, however, but good, straight interpretation, excellent playing, and cheap - a special performance); 7 - Bernstein (there are no great performances of this work yet; this is pretty good); 8 - Haitink; 9 - Barbirolli (despite the fast Tempo I in the second movement, which I don't like though others don't care; otherwise, an outstanding account); and don't forget 10! Rattle's Bournemouth performance of the Cooke version is a good place to start (Dear SONY: Please reissue the Ormandy. Thanks, Jonathan Stern).
B00000255X|5.0|If you dont like Dylan you will love this album. If you like Dylan you will love this album. If you like music at all you will like this album. First through last every song is good. Some say a few of the tracks are long ( JOEY )but the Violin and back up vocals more than make up for the tracks that run long.  Isis is a wonderful tale and of Course Hurricane is a powerful blast threw the story of Rubbine Carter. I think the most suprising tune is Mozambique. If you have a few of Bob's records and are looking for more this should be your next buy. If you dont have any and want one this should be your next buy.
B000051VWW|2.0|i dig Sade i have all of her Albums plus Imports,etc....but this set doesn't really showcase her all that well.i was looking for horns&amp;things but this set didn't move me.it felt like it was just there.good lyrics but the music goes nowhere.it is just there.considering She drops a Disc once every 5 plus years you would expect a little more overall depth&amp;something different.still i listen to her older stuff.but this won't be getting much play.
6305750750|3.0|Thanks, George, for finally giving us this film, or more accurately, the first in the coming trilogy. Lucas claims that he was waiting for the FX technology to get good enough before embarking on the next stories. Though this may be true, the claim does not bear close examination. I think 75% percent of this film's effects could have been adequately done 5 years ago. But don't you see? The effects are no longer even half the appeal of Star Wars anymore, if they ever actually were to anyone but the shallow-minded. Science fiction fans and Star Wars fans in particular hunger for THE STORY. And that is going to be what people will hang out for from now on. THAT is probably as it should be. George Lucas has the chance to expand his already big kudos and pallete of achievement with this movie and it's follow-ups. I think he'll do it if he goes for the real operatic possibilities and plays down the cute stuff. Do I mean Jar Jar Binks? Er... Let's SO not go there now, okay! I found the Trade Federation official's 'Charlie Chan' psuedo-Asian accents embarrassing. The Asian family sitting next to me in the theater seemed rather bemused. Darkness must fall to satisfy the dramatic cravings of Star Wars fans. George, don't be afraid, you CAN do it! What's this film like? It's a good start, but at the risk of insulting Lucas, there is a homogenised feel to the performances and direction, a lack of dramatic bite in those areas. Effects? Yeah, they're there but they are so good you hardly worry about them, only the story. Jake Lloyd is okay as Anakin Skywalker but I think he was a little too young for the role. Someone closer to Natalie Portman's age might have made more sense but I'm sure George had his reasons for casting him.  The Lightsaber duels are superb and it's only during those sequences and the pod race does the films' action sequences come alive. And it was pretty cunning for Lucas to use droid warriors for the heroes to shoot and hack up. Much less violent than using real flesh-and-blood people, eh? And what about the 'Midi-Chlorians' (or whatever) explanation for The Force? That seemed to be a needless, psuedo-scientific contrivance for something that should remain mysterious and hard to explain. The Force should remain a fantasy, mystical thing otherwise you undermine its mythical strength. Is 'THE PHANTOM MENACE' any good? Its' good enough.real flesh-and-blood people, eh? And what about the 'Midi-Chlorians' (or whatever) explanation for The Force? That seemed to be a needless, psuedo-scientific contrivance for something that should remain mysterious and hard to explain. The Force should remain a fantasy, mystical thing otherwise you undermine its mythical strength. Is 'THE PHANTOM MENACE' any good? Its' good enough.
B000002BSG|3.0|Virtual Insanity, complete with stunning video, is a great opening, funky and classy. Cosmic Girl is possibly even better, although the lyircs border on 'wacky' (&quot;It's a distant solar system, tried to phone but they don't list them&quot;). The title track, Alright and Everyday are also up there. But when the pace lets up on the album's second side, things get too sluggish with the ballads and didgeridoo music. Jay Kay just can't write that sort of song as well as he can write a funk or disco style tune. It may be quite 'pop', but to me that makes it easily digestible and refreshing. But this is no classic.
B000002H92|3.0|alot of boring songs(the end goes on forever)but some(light my fire)are actually better than the album versions.so if you are a die hard fan you'll want this cd
B000002BSG|3.0|Virtual Insanity, complete with stunning video, is a great opening, funky and classy. Cosmic Girl is possibly even better, although the lyircs border on 'wacky' (&quot;It's a distant solar system, tried to phone but they don't list them&quot;). The title track, Alright and Everyday are also up there. But when the pace lets up on the album's second side, things get too sluggish with the ballads and didgeridoo music. Jay Kay just can't write that sort of song as well as he can write a funk or disco style tune. It may be quite 'pop', but to me that makes it easily digestible and refreshing. But this is no classic.
0060196122|1.0|Please, do not be fooled.  Though Paulo Coelho has been translated to many languages and sells fortunes, he is NOT one of the better Latin American writers.  No one takes him seriously in Brazil.  This, as are his other books, is a bunch of supposedly profound thoughts thrown together and poorly written.  There are better books in the self-help section.  If you want the real thing, get a book of chinese proverbs.
B00004XONN|5.0|A defence to the critisisms of one reviewer who said that wthe predominant sound of KID A was of &quot;five men slowly disappearing up one enormouse, baffling arse&quot;. Warning to the media and many others: do not misunderstand the intentions of this album. Radiohead represent the epiphany of Nineties rock in the wondeful avant garde rock of OK COMPUTER - true. KID A is hence a disappointment - false. Too many people think that the only way to rate this album is in retrospect - to what Radiohead were. This is a fallacy. Take it for what it is. Progression; throwing off the shackles of what was expected and forging a new path; genesis. No - Idioteque isn't an attempt at Drum and Bass, it's an attempt to be new and original. And they still are - just listen to the lyrics. This is an album to be cherished, to be enjoyed, to be felt. If it alienates some who thought they were Radiohead fans, but now find themselves sickened by the lack of guitar in this album, so be it. I don't think Thom Yorke ever gave a damn what people thought any way. Buy this album - it might not solve the World riddle or the problems for your life, but it will certainly effect you, and that, surely, was the only thing crossing their minds at it's conception. Brilliance.
006019250X|4.0|I just gave this book to my boyfriend for his birthday and he loved it! The drawings are absolutely gorgeous and the look of the book lives up to its literary content. The story itself is simple and timeless, and I think anybody from any faith can find meaning and security in it. It is also very inspiring- it encourages you to follow the spiritual path that you feel most connected to living. Give it to somebody you love and they will thank you for it!
B00004XQP4|4.0|When i first got this cd, i gave it an offensive reveiw, but as i try to listen to it more and more, i start liking it a little better each time. I mean, I don't have anything against Green Day. I respect Billie Joes decision about getting getting tired of playing punk, and at least they didn't go out of punk like the sad way blink did. Green day will always be a classic band of this erra, and will still be popular 20 years from now. They are awsome live too. Overall, this cd is ok, but im sure as i get older, i will start to like it more. Dookie will always be my favorite cd though.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The reason I first watched &quot;Fight Club&quot; at theater is only one: Brad Pitt. The reason I'm keep watching it is this: I became addicted! David Fincher has made a fantastic movie! Many people thought this &quot;I'm not going to see it because there's too much violence&quot;. But that's NOT the point of the whole movie.<br />I think that whoever watches this movie will be very surprised by its theme and its stars and of course by the Master of CG=David Fincher. And the DVD-package is awesome. It's a must.
0399146253|3.0|It is with mixed feelings that I write a review of a Patricia Cornwell book and give it less than a stellar rating.  Unfortunately, in good conscience, I can't give this more than 3 stars.  I even feel I'm being generous with that.  The only reason it rates the 3 stars is that I'm giving a star to each of the main characters -- Kay, Lucy and Marino -- for showing up on these pages.<br />This is the 11th book in the Kay Scarpetta series and, as an avid fan, I wait patiently for the newest arrival (which I have already preordered at Amazon of course).  The day it is delivered, I put everything aside and delve right in.  So, when I say I'm disappointed, this is truly coming from the heart.<br />This is an absolute sequel to Black Notice and thus continues the storyline of Jean-Baptiste Chandonne, better known as Le Loup-Garou -- the &quot;werewolf&quot;.  In order to make this a stand alone book and for the benefit of those readers who haven't read Black Notice, Cornwell repeats everything we've already read in the previous book.  This is fine and necessary for those who haven't read Black Notice.  For those true fans who have already read this book, these constant reminders become redundant.  I didn't like the werewolf storyline in Black Notice so I liked it even less as it continued in The Last Precinct.  This book finds Kay recovering from wounds she suffered at the hands of Le Loup Garou, being analyzed to death by her friend and psychoanalyst Anna (150 pages of this), being accused of a crime that she didn't commit and spending the entire book being paranoid as to whom she can really trust.  While I enjoy getting to understand Kay's inner psyche a little better, enough was enough after 75 pages of it.<br />I made the mistake of reading this book one morning while eating breakfast.  It didn't make for a great meal to be reading about the werewolf shedding all his fine blonde hairs all over the place while I was eating my bagel.  YUK.  I, for one, have had enough of Le Loup Garou but, unfortunately, it is evident in the end of this book that this story will be continuing in Cornwell's next book.<br />I won't give up on my three favorite characters yet but I implore Cornwell to give her true fans a break and get back to the stories that made these books become bestsellers in the first place.  By the time I read the last page, I was ready to head for The Last Precinct -- the place Cornwell describes as where you go when there is nowhere else to go -- or my own description -- where you go when you want to get away from this book.Le Loup Garou but, unfortunately, it is evident in the end of this book that this story will be continuing in Cornwell's next book.<br />I won't give up on my three favorite characters yet but I implore Cornwell to give her true fans a break and get back to the stories that made these books become bestsellers in the first place.  By the time I read the last page, I was ready to head for The Last Precinct -- the place Cornwell describes as where you go when there is nowhere else to go -- or my own description -- where you go when you want to get away from this book.
6302293553|5.0|I liked the laurels, particularly.
0385484518|5.0|I have read this book twice, and just now, I could finally put my feelings into words.  This book is wonderful.<br />Mitch Albom is a phenominal sports' writer, as his writing is very clear and cogent, always managing to get his point across in just a few paragraphs.  He is extremely talented.  This book shows off his talent.<br />Tuesdays With Morrie showcases Albom's long-lasting relationship with his old college professor, Morris Schwartz.  Stricken with a terminal disease, Schwartz eventually becomes bedridden, only to be visited by Albom each Tuesday.  In each visit, Albom embarks on a spiritual journey as he learns a great deal more about his mentor and friend.  More importantly, he learns about life.<br />This book forces you into thinking about your own life and loved ones.  It hits home, and teaches you about the simple things that truly matter most.  Albom uses a very straightforward language, and he presents Morrie's story with the utmost sincerity and humility.<br />I really enjoyed this book.  It was a moving experience. Tuesdays With Morrie is truly remarkable and a definate must for all fans of just good, honest writing.
0553211374|5.0|This is perhaps my favorite Austen novel.  As with all of her others, I have read it many times, and am delighted all over again with each re-reading.  Jane Austen's wit and deep understanding of human nature have charmed readers for 200 years.
068484267X|4.0|Born into a poor Irish Catholic family, Frank grows up in the slums of Manhattan and Limerick facing problems such as a drunk father, family tragedies, consumption and poverty.<br />Although this book gets a little boring sometimes, it is quite exciting cause at any time one wants to know what happens next to Frank and his family. <br />The author Frank McCourt did an excellent job on writing about his childhood and how he went through it.<br />JUST LIVE THE LIFE OF A CHILD THAT FACED PROBLEMS EVERY SINGLE DAY YOURSELF.
B000002BHE|3.0|I liked this cd from Celine, but i found myself only playing 4 songs outof 14. &quot;Falling into you,&quot; was beautiful but i mostly enjoyed &quot;Seduces me,&quot; because it talks about love, nothing about sex, just love. I feel it says everything that a man and a woman should really feel about each other. Celine's version of Eric Carmen's, &quot;All by myself,&quot; was nice and she sang it beautifully. &quot;Because you loved me,&quot; was 2nd in my heart to &quot;Seduces me.&quot;
068484267X|4.0|Born into a poor Irish Catholic family, Frank grows up in the slums of Manhattan and Limerick facing problems such as a drunk father, family tragedies, consumption and poverty. Although this book gets a little boring sometimes, it is quite exciting cause at any time one wants to know what happens next to Frank and his family. <br />The author Frank McCourt did an excellent job on writing about his childhood and how he went through it.<br />JUST LIVE THE LIFE OF A CHILD THAT FACED PROBLEMS EVERY SINGLE DAY YOURSELF.
B000005S6B|5.0|1. The Pogues live on St. Patricks Day was the most spiritual musical experience i've ever had. 2. &quot;Fairytale of New York&quot; is the most real and brilliant Christmas song ever conceived, and now i live in NY, i long to hear the boys in the NYPD choir singing &quot;Galway Bay&quot; . This album is the best of The Pogues, from the late-night ballads to the raucous drinking songs, Shane and the boys show here, as they always do, what it is to truly live the human experience. If you've finally come to realise that it's not like it is on the WB, then this is the soundtrack for your life.
B00004UEDR|4.0|Sandra Bullock is known for her roles as a cute and light-hearted but often troubled woman, always having to overcome an obstacle.  &quot;28 Days&quot; is another of these films with a role that seems made just for her, and she plays it very well.  This is the story of a woman (&quot;Gwen&quot;) driven to alcoholism and then drug addiction because of her unstable childhood with a mother who died early from the same addictions, a father who was never there, and a perfect and overacheiving sister she could never live up to.  To avoid going to jail, &quot;Gwen&quot;, as Sandra's character in the movie is called, has to spend 28 days at a rehabilitation clinic.  I only gave this movie four stars because certain aspects of it became annoying to me: the overdramatic depiction of the cheesy rehabiliation clinic and the residents there, the plot's fascination with a fictional soap opera, Santa Cruz, and an underdeveloped and quite irrelevant subplot of a mini-relationship forming between Gwen and a famous baseball player at the clinic.  However, the rest of the movie was great.  The plot, which one would expect to be hackneyed because of all the movies and books dealing with the subjects of alcoholism, drug addiction, and recovery, is pretty fast-paced and fresh.  Sandra acts the part very well, and the struggle of recovery is portrayed fairly well also.  I found myself rooting for the characters to beat the odds and finally kick their addictions, and of course for Sandra to turn out all right as well.  The subject of this film is a dreary one, but there are humourous parts injected at just the right times to keep it from becoming too heavy and depressing.  If you like Sandra Bullock, you will adore her in &quot;28 Days&quot;!
0679879269|5.0|There are two words that accurately describe this book. Awe-Inspiring. The whole book is a joyful rush of events that sweeps you up into a gigantic heaven-and-earth conflict yet inflicts incredible poignancy and tenderness. Not only does it surpass the previous two books, it adds new layers of complexity that will take a while to sort out.<br />The book's plot is as complicated as the previous two books, yet at no time do we feel disconnected from the world(s) Pullman has created. Pullman's imagination has not yet run out of steam, and while we get new characters and an especially inventive new race (the mulefa), the best parts are the revelations about previous creation (Dust, daemons, etc.) Although the book is fast moving, occasionally it lets up and allows relaxation (the world of the mulefa; personally I loved this creation of his, a pre-technological world in decay). And in the background there is always the tension of Will and Lyra's ultimate fate: what will it be? <br />There has been some religious criticism of the book. While its true that the book certainly doesn't give us a favorable view of the Church, and even of God, I personally feel Pullman reaffirms the existence of God and spirituality. the God depicted in the book is really a Satan; the true 'god' and the source of spirituality is Dust. And in the end we are revealed a beautiful, joyful, and spiritual world, where decay is being reversed, and spirit is once more standing tall.<br />In the end, this book will definitely have some impact on you; hardly anyone can remain indifferent. I would urge any thinking person to buy this book (If you haven't read the previous two books, I suggest you read those first; it will ad to any understanding of this one). It is for anyone who wants to be awed.
0684853523|5.0|The fourth greatest lie of all time is that Stephen King is a horror writer.  He's so much more.  I am one of those people Steve refers to as a &quot;constant reader.&quot;  If you're reading this review, if you're an Amazon.com junkie, then you probably fall into the same category.  If I could ever stop reading books, I might actually have some time to write one.  Mr King tells you how.  On my bookshelf are a half dozen &quot;how to write books.&quot;  Universally, they focus on mechanics.  ON WRITING focuses on the vision of writing.  Nutshell:  get a copy of The Elements of Style (William Strunk and EB White), turn off the television, and start writing.  More than anything else, Steve makes you believe he was once a commoner with a dream.  He makes you believe your dream can also cross the reality bridge.  It's a quick, great read.
B000005JAX|5.0|Counterfeit is rhythmic and dramatic. I wore the cassette version out years ago and am finally replacing it with a cd. How could I have made it in my car this long without it? It's emotional, swaying, and deep undertones make it a classic. Martin Gore's vocals are captivating.<br />This is not Depeche Mode, it was not intended to be Depeche Mode, and to compare it is as such, is ignorant.  To me it matters not that they are covers, but it's one more glimpse into the throat of Martin Gore.  I could listen to that vibrato all day long. This man has one of the most sensual, bone-tingling voices on terra firma and I can't wait for Counterfeit 2 to be released.  <br />I had my C-section to \\"Songs of Faith and Devotion\\", but the next one will be born to Counterfeit 1 or 2.
B000001FAS|5.0|A while back I was leaving an ABB concert, stoked, and passed a vendor selling &quot;Eat A Peach&quot; t-shirts.  He had one left, it was in my size, and I bought it.  I normally don't wear t-shirts advertizing things (shouldn't they be paying me to wear it?) but I'll wear my Eat a Peach t-shirt -- and I get constant reactions from people when I do.<br />How does one explain &quot;Eat A Peach&quot;? How does one explain cultural revolution?  Because in the South in 1972 this _was_ cultural revolution. You can give all the sociology and history and gossip that you want, but in the end its the music.  A great band suffering a body blow.  Putting studio and live tracks together to get it done.  A cd that doesn't split &quot;Mountain Jam&quot; in two like my worn out records do.  Blues covers, country originals, country-jazz?, a lost brother, and an acoustic guitar duet to close. What more can you ask for?
0399146253|5.0|Ms. Corwell has delivered another outstanding book that further develops the reader's understanding and relationship with her ongoing main characters.  It builds to a peak that won't allow the most experienced Cornwell reader to put the book down.  The only sad thing is I have to wait another year for another in the series!
B000003CMB|5.0|This is it.  An absolutely extraordinary musical document.  Actually, an absolutely extraordinary American cultural artifact. Young blues-based rock musicians appropriate jazz...and nail it.  Expansive jams that...actually go somewhere.  &quot;Frere Jacques&quot; as a coda to a nightmare.  &quot;Joy to the World.&quot;  Freight trains. You could start &quot;You Don't Love Me&quot; at the guitar-drum duet, move it to the beginning, and start the whole thing over and it would still make sense.<br />Around 10 years ago when my ex-wife was teaching at one of the top three liberal arts colleges in the US, she expressed the view that Gregg Allman was a moron who married Cher and passed out in a bowl of spaghetti.  &quot;True,&quot; I admitted, &quot;but he wrote &quot;Whipping Post&quot; at the age of 21, and I'd stack it up against any of the senior theses that you are grading,&quot; I replied.  No matter what he subsequently did, he had a pass for life in my book.<br />Multiply that by six and you've got &quot;Live at the Fillmore East.&quot;
0440219078|1.0|1994 Newberry medal for &quot;best children's book.&quot;  A tale about a hypothetical controlled community.  The Government determines how many children per family. In the House of Old, leaders decide when a person is to be released (put to death). At the Ceremony of Release there is a toast, and a good-bye speech is given by the person released. In the birth of twins only one can survive. The smaller twin is &quot;released&quot; with a lethal injection. On one occasion, a 12-year-old objects to the practice, but he is mollified by a Giver who points out that her daughter asked to be released 10 years earlier and was given a syringe to inject herself. <br />In one California school system several parents complained about the use of this book and in elementary school. They were told that &quot;public education may not be the best choice..&quot;<br />This book so poignantly illustrates the liberal socialist agenda to ingrain even into our youngest the propaganda that some life is better off without living.  It is disgusting and I am appalled that our children are forced to read this garbage, and that our society praises such garbage.
B000051VWW|2.0|I really didn't find one song that jumped out as a great song.  Although her talent is obvious, none of the songs we upbeat and catchy.  I'm sorry but in my opinion you have to be a REAL HARDCORE Sade fan to appreciate this CD.
0399146253|2.0|I certainly miss the Kay Scarpetta of Cornwell's early books.  Those writings were full of crime, excitement and great forensics.  The last few novels, however, are about sexuality, ego and materialism...what a sell out.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade did it again!  A beautiful musical journey that helps you get in touch with your human feelings!
B000051VWW|5.0|Even though her greatest hits CD came out a few years back and it gave people who were Sade fans and may not have bought all of her CDs a chance to have all of her hits on one CD, true Sade fans still wanted to hear a whole new CD from her.  I have been a Sade fan for years and I was eagerly awaiting a new CD from her.  Once I heard &quot;By Your Side&quot;, I knew nothing had changed and that Sade was going to continue to make good music along with the people that she has worked with for years.  The words and music that they have made for years can easily make you relate to the words that she is saying.  That has always been the case for me.  &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is just another successful chapter in Sade's career.  Some people may say well why did it take 8 years?  My answer is that good music is worth waiting for.  &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; takes place where &quot;Love Deluxe&quot; left off.  The CDs are very similar in my opinion, even though they were released 8 years apart.  Every song on this CD is worth listening to and is definitely vintage Sade.  She always takes her fans through her joy and pain and she is never afraid to say what is on her mind.  The best songs on this CD, in my opinion, are &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;, &quot;Flow&quot;, &quot;It's Only Love That Gets You Through&quot;, &quot;All About Our Love&quot;, Lovers Rock&quot;, and &quot;King Of Sorrow&quot;.  If you are a fan of Sade's earlier music then you should pick up this CD.  You won't be disappointed.
0553106635|5.0|This is the latest and best installment of Mr. Martins fine series.  The characters are deep,multifaceted, and extremely complex.  Unlike most of the dreck in this genre, you cannot predict the ending in the first 50 pages. I enjoyed all the seperate storylines and was knocked flat by the last paragraph.  Is the next one out yet?
B000002WPI|5.0|I've owned this cd since it first came out, and it still spends more time in my cd player than almost any other cd I own.  Unlike popular rap for their time, the Wu-Tang Clan didn't care what other people thought.  They just wanted to make a cd thats all about the music.  It's not about how much ice they own, not about the Bentleys.  Also, the Wu-Tang rap about what they know best, life in the streets.  They just tell it like it is.  Even the beats are on point.  The beats are simplistic but deep.  It lets you focus on the rhymes.  Overall, I would say that everyone should own this album because I believe it defines the 90's.
B000002KHF|5.0|I guess if you going to own only one Van Morrision album you probably could get the excellent &quot;Best of Van Morrision&quot; first. It includes a great sampling from all his work, even including some classic cuts from his early songs with &quot;Them&quot;. Of course after you get &quot;Best of&quot; you won't be satisfied to own one Van Morrision album, so maybe you should just start with this ... HIS BEST ALBUM. <br />Moondance really belongs in every music collection. It is a classic album, but even more then that it is a TIMELESS classic. The music transcends labeling as to it's musical style. What is it ... Rock, R&amp;B, Jazz, or Folk? The answer is that contains the best of all these styles and a little mystical something besides. The album is now 30 years old and yet it sounds like nothing from that time, or anything since. The greatest thing is that its lyrics and musical production is so uplifting and very soulful. This is music that makes you feel good and reflective at the same time! No Death and Destruction themes here, sorry Punk/Metalheads you need not apply. On a scale of 1 - 1,000,000 .....  I give it a 5 ... meaning it's one of the top 5 albums of all time!
0789423952|5.0|I was truly surprised by Pawson's book. From the reviews of others, I was expecting a good deal, and hoped it would be as good as Morrow's Guide to Knots, but adding some information not included in that very good book. When the  book arrived, it seemed so slim (actually 160 pages, however) and compact, I couldn't see how it could compare.<br />However, it's a marvel in presenting a wealth of information very clearly. I think it is considerably more informative than the Morrow book, and also gives clearer explanations and illustrations. <br />It has very many useful knots that Morrow and most other small books do not have, such as the Alpine Butterfly, Ashley's Bend, Buntline Hitch, and the Klemheist knot,  gives good information on splicing that Morrow completely omits, and has a lot of useful tips everywhere. The illustrations are truly first rate.<br />I was surprised though at the omission of the tautline hitch or Tarbuck knot (either would have sufficed). Indeed there were no &quot;ratcheting&quot; loop knots given that slide open or closed to the degree desired, then locked -- a truly useful class of knot that shouldn't have been omitted.  If another knot had to go to make room, the only two that could  have gone, in my opinion, are the Jury Mast Knot and the Thief Knot. (Admittedly, the Thief Knot is interesting, and I guess that if you need the Jury Mast Knot, you REALLY need it. But that's not one person in 10,000 these days.)<br />Morrow's is probably more complete for the fisherman.<br />I highly recommended &quot;The Handbook of Knots&quot; as a first book on knots, and for most people it will really be all that they ever need, except for the sliding loop knot omission. But if you do  need a sliding knot, the Tautline Hitch is actually a Rolling Hitch tied on its own standing part after looping around the object being hitched, so since the book gives the Rolling Hitch, if you know this relationship between the knots, then you're all set and probably won't ever  really need another book. <br />Unless you become fascinated by the subject, in which case you'll need Ashley's book.<br />Overall, Pawson's book sets a new standard among the smaller, conveniently-sized, highly practical knot books.
B00003CXBK|5.0|When I first viewed this movie, it was an Internet fansub, burned onto a simple 650 MB CD-R. Even though the quality of the format was terrible, the absolutely stunning animation shone through. The script was translated by fans and some words had lost their meanings, as did some passages. But the moving story and heavy meaning still shone through. My point is that even in it's lowest-quality form, this movie is on par, if not better than, movies like Akira or Ghost in the Shell.<br />As a professional production, this anime transferred to DVD with a Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is going to be the pinnacle of animated film. Any anime fan would do well to pick this one up. If you are and you don't at least watch Princess Mononoke, you'll probably come to feel that you're missing out through the reviews of people like myself.<br />As for those who gave this movie less than 3 stars due to over-complicated plot or &quot;gratuitous&quot; violence, they know not what they speak of. This movie is simply a work of art, and deserves to be viewed by those who can appreciate fine things in all forms.<br />Order now! I am!
0385040253|5.0|For anyone wanting to know more than the very basics, Ashley is a must: an absolute best. No one has ever done it better, and this is the standard reference work.<br />There are a handful of modern knots that aren't here in this edition, but that's very minor quibbling. The only people that will care about this, are people who will absolutely need Ashley's book in any case!<br />For the person wanting to get started, while he or she may soon find the need for Ashley's book, there is so much information that overload is bound to occur. I'd recommend &quot;The Handbook of Knots&quot; by Des Pawson for the beginner who doesn't want to put that much effort into it and wants a fast start. But as Ashley pointed out as his reason for having only one book, instead of also having a simplified book, the fact is that even  children who were really interested in the subject proved themselves able to make even the most complex knots from his complete book, so he felt no need for a simpler book. If you have that degree of interest, then indeed you need nothing else, but if you're looking for quick, easy, yet everything you need to know to get going pretty well,  then some of the smaller books are better choices (and I think the above-mentioned Pawson book is best.)
0553213105|5.0|In college, Iw as supposed to read this book.  But I never did because I just assumed it would be boring.  Three years later, I tried it again... and I kicked myself for not having tried it sooner.<br />I think my vision of reading Jane Austen always has me curled up in a chair while it's snowing outside, but in truth, the real memory of reading this book was sitting in the waiting room of a car mechanic while my car was being worked on.  That day stands out because as usual, the mechanics only had the usual things to read: &quot;Guns and Ammo&quot; and &quot;Field and Stream&quot;.  Add the requisite gumball machine in the corner with stale gumballs and you have the idea.  I brought the book with me to read, but didn't really think I would get all that much reading of it done.  True, I was reading it for fun, but it was Jane Austen after all, and I wasn't sure if I could really concentrate on her.  Well, 200 pages later, bringing that novel with me was the best decision I ever made.  4 years later, I still rememebr how into this book I got.  (I even had to take a walk around the block before I read the last chapter just to prolong finishing the story.)  Once the story did end, I felt like I was saying goodbye to my friends.<br />This book is riveting, it's fun, it's hysterical (wait for the rewarding confrontation between Lady Catherine deBourgh and Elizabeth...it's not only a battle of tongues, but a great clash of the &quot;refined&quot; yet uneducated upper classes, and the middle classes of Regentry England.  This is by far my favorite Austen novel of the bunch (with Emma coming in a close second).  So, this winter, wait for a snowy day (heck, choose any day, you can't have a bad Austen day) and get ready to be taken away.  And no.. this book is not solely the domain of high school etachers and academians.. you'll be surprised how much you may enjoy it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I was really tired and it was really late and I left it on and then the batteries ran out and I didn't have any batteries and then I finally bought some for five dollars, FIVE WHOLE DOLLARS!<br />Anyways then I listened to the CD five times and it was awesome. A wonderful blend of rock and rap. The Zack de la Rocha's vocal are incredible, sometimes fast, sometimes a creepy whispering thing, always cool. Somewhat heavy and strange guitar parts. Very good strong beats for the tracks, yet they seem somehow familiar. Catchy perhaps...? My favorite tracks are Testify, Guerilla Radio, Calm like a Bomb, Mic Check, Sleep now in the Fire, ...oh heck I like em all. But my real real favorites are Guerilla Radio, Testify, War Within a Breath, and Sleep Now in the Fire.<br />Now Just-go-buy... <br />Get it,<br />And you won't step outside your door...<br />Now Just-go-buy!<br />(No the tune of Testify)<br />Thank you, thank you
B000002HRE|1.0|uninspired, low grade, garbage. Period.
B00004RITP|5.0|I am one of those old enough to have been actively tuned in to the late-'60's release of Eugene Ormandy's pioneering recording, with the Philadelphia Orchestra, of the original Deryck Cooke \\"performing version\\" of Mahler's 10th Symphony. While not the last word as a finely-wrought or subtle performance, it won me over to the concept that there was merit in hearing Mahler's thoughts as they existed before he could finish the work prior to his premature death. Recognizing his mortality, this was to have been his final \\"leave-taking\\" work, part of a trilogy in which \\"Das Lied von der Erde\\" and the 9th Symphony represented his farewells to nature and the world at large and to his friends and to music, and this 10th Symphony a special farewell to his wife, Alma. For many years, she did not release the private materials that Mahler had left behind, and resisted all efforts to permit \\"completion\\" of the work. But, by 1960, the statute of limitations on his estate expired, and, a few years later, she reconsidered her long-held action and relented, making the materials available for scholarship. It was at this point that Cooke, and then Ormandy, entered the picture.    Parts of the score were so sparse as to represent a risk of interpolative \\"tinkering\\" by those who endeavored to put flesh on the skeleton, and Alma Mahler's fears were not unfounded when \\"reconstructors\\" such as Mazzetti and Carpenter did major damage to Mahler's sparely-indicated intent by adding too much of their thoughts and not letting Mahler's notes speak for themselves. But Deryck Cooke did a masterful job of stepping aside, letting Mahler's voice come through. Over the rest of his own life, Cooke was to go back again and again with second and third thoughts and more, all in an ongoing scholarly effort to let the music speak for itself. This new Rattle/Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra performance represents Cooke's final thoughts on Mahler's final symphony, and it is revelatory.    Fast-forward to late 1999. Benjamin Zander performs the 9th Symphony, conducting the Philharmonia Orchestra, on a Telarc release that is so monumentally staggering that this reviewer has major misgivings, for about a year, regarding whether anyone, Cooke included, had been able to do justice to the 10th Symphony, so \\"final\\" is Zander's performance of the leave-taking of the Finale, heartbreaking yet full of repose and peaceful resignation. And there matters stood, for months, until my recent acquisition of this Rattle performance.    It is important for me to state that I am NOT a Sir Simon Rattle acolyte, finding him, for the most part, to be somewhere \\"in the middle of the pack\\" for his earlier Mahler work, including his previous foray of the 10th with the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra. But this performance is different, and special, in the same way and to the same extent, that Zander's Mahler 9th is. It has totally won me over and once again restored my faith in the scrupulous honesty and integrity of Cooke's motives and efforts. It, like Zander's 9th, is a recording of a live performance, though one would never know it to be. (It was rumored that EMI would not underwrite a studio recording of this work, so we should be thankful to Rattle for insisting on the release of this live performance.)    In \\"Das Lied von der Erde\\" and the 9th Symphony, and this 10th Symphony as well, everything leading up to the final movement is just prelude to the farewell. Each farewell is a miracle in itself, but the Finale of the 10th is special simply because it is both Mahler's farewell to Almschi and the one movement of the 10th where Cooke tread on very dangerous ground, given the paucity of materials present in the score. (While Cooke had to work around many missing details, Mahler had in fact indicated that the first solo, once past the transition from the Scherzo, be assigned to the flute, and it is gorgeous beyond description.) Rattle thoroughly vindicates Cooke's integrity and judgement with a performance that will stand the test of time. The concluding Coda, just as heart-breaking (if not more so, given its circumstances) as the closing measures of the Adagio of the 9th, is equally full of repose, but, more importantly, full of a sweetness that lingers long after the final pianississimo dies out.    At long last, a Mahler 10th that can take its place beside Walter's \\"Das Lied von der Erde\\" and Zander's Mahler 9th. And my undying gratitude to Deryck Cooke and Sir Simon Rattle.    Bob Zeidler
0812550757|4.0|Orson Scott Card is both a religious and philosophical man, and he is definitely not afraid to help himself to those areas when writing his novels. This &quot;sequel&quot; to Ender's Game is arguably the best book in the series, incorporating more advanced elements of drama and tragedy than in Ender's Game. It also comes with a healthy dose of religious and philosophical debate, or as some would put it, debacle.<br />I am strongly atheist yet I did not find his usage of religion at all distasteful. He approaches the subject intelligently, objectively, and passionately. And the sometimes meaningless philosophy dialogues only add to the special tangy flavor that is Orson Scott Card.<br />If you read it to enjoy it, you'll love it. Read it to finish it and you'll like it. Read it to find fault with it, and you'll of course end up hating the thing.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Clean, transparent rock 'n roll tracks from the Beatles and George Martin - as always. This re-mastered compilation, though, is extra-hot, with sound that jumps right out of the speakers. Great listening. Who cares if it's all been out before - or if a few 100 other awesome Beatle songs had to be left out? It's about great songs. Song after song after song. Does it have to be more complicated than that?
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is the most captivating, disturbing, dramatic, funniest and glorious film I have ever seen. I've seen this film over 15 times by now, and ever time I watch it, I realize there's still more to the film. The first time I saw, it, I felt it was undoubtedly the funniest film I had ever seen. It was very depressing at the same time. It took me a few more times to really absorb how dark and sad it really was. This film makes you life and smacks you in the face with the harsh realities of life at the same time.<br />The screenplay by Alan Ball is the most spectacular work of literature since Catcher in the Rye. His acerbic wit, and gentle heart in his writing are a perfect match for the film.<br />With brilliant performances by Kevin Spacey, Annette Benning, Thora Birch, Mena Suvari, Chris Cooper, Wes Bentley, Peter Gallagher and Allison Janney, this film delivers the best ensemble cast you have ever seen.<br />Kevin Spacey shines as the deeply confused Lester Burnham who is trapped in the harsh realities of the world. From his facial expressions to the sarcastic wit in his voice, Spacey delivers like he always does, but this time, not only does he leave a mark in cinematic history, but a mark in the hearts of the movie goers.<br />Sam Mendes proves that first time is the charm in his debut effort. He never has to make a movie again after this. And if he does, bless him for it, but I tell him to never compete with American Beauty, for nothing can beat it. American Beauty is more than just a film. It's art. It's a masterpiece!<br />Conrad Hall delivers cinematography that will amaze you. His smart cloes-ups, and voyeuristic shots make this film even more fun.<br />This film really did show me the beauty in our world, and at the same time, the beauty in cinema. If only all films were as powerful and dare I say, beautiful, as this movie, our lives would be better.<br />If you haven't seen American Beauty, something's wrong with you. But don't worry, you stillhave time to redeem yourself! Get down to the video stores immediately and start laughing untill you cry, and at the same time, cry untill your laughing.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For a long-time Beatle fan, it's tough to get excited about this release.  These are the singles that dominated the airwaves then and most of which are in steady rotation on oldies stations now. Do we really need another collection of Beatles hits?<br />Well, yes.  If you are a newcomer to the Beatles, Capital/EMI/Apple has really done you a favor.  Twenty-eight Beatles singles on one CD.  To get these songs elsewhere would cost you $60.00 for the Blue and Red collections.  No, you don't get any of the classic album tracks here, which means GREAT albums like With the Beatles, Rubber Soul(!), Sergeant Pepper and the White Album aren't represented at all.  But what you do get is MOST of the songs that made the Beatles the kings of AM radio from '63-'70.<br />So, for around $15.00, you get a very great twenty-eight.  That's just over 50 cents a song.  If you have none of these songs in your collection, that's the bargain of the century for these treasures, even if, sadly, Please Please Me is not included.<br />And hey, if you're a fan, stop griping and just buy it.  You know you'll never be satisfied until you do.  This CD doesn't get five stars for imaginitive program selection.  It gets five stars because it is now the definitive hits collection (OK, it can't be definitive w.o. Please Please Me)of the greatest hitmakers in history.  THAT'S really saying something.<br />And Capital, how about the Hollywood Bowl?
B000002L7Y|5.0|HUNTING HIGH AND LOW by a-ha is without a doubt the best album of the 80s. These songs had beat and a melody. I think a group like 98 degrees is starting to discover this. If you listen to their latest music, I think they are heading in this direction. Every song on HUNTING HIGH AND LOW is good. There is no waste here. Magne Furuholmen, Paul Waaktaar, and Morten Harket created a masterpiece of melodies, lyrics, vocals and synthesized effects. `Take On Me' may have suffered the fate of overkill or more appropriately overplay, but it is their still most identifiable song in the United States and a good one. Songs like `Blue Sky,' `Living A Boys Adventure Tale' and `Here I Stand And Face The Rain' are masterpieces long forgotten for many people except for a few of us. Morten Harket's voice has such a range that it can not even be categorized. Is it a great voice? I don't know. I do know that it is undeniably unique and it fits in front of the instrumentals like no one else's voice possibly could. Yes, it is a great voice. Listen to `The Sun Always Shines On TV.' It's incredible. Why did people in the United States never discover the innovative greatness of a-ha? We will never know!
0875847706|4.0|This is an excellent book.  Well written and full of inspiring examples of reaching for the stars.  The only problem is that the authors do not give us a concrete formula for reaching these stars. <br />If you like this book you will love &quot;I'm Rich Beyond My Wildest Dreams. I am. I am. I am.&quot; by Thomas L. Pauley and Penelope J. Pauley.  They are a father/daughter writing duo that has given us the tools to reach our dreams.  Great story of their family's rise to wealth and happiness and the system they used to get there.  Their book will unlock the chains that hold you down.
6304298285|2.0|I was not expecting to be dissapointed by a film featuring BOTH Robin Williams and Bill Cosby.  Two of the funniest men on the planet, you think they could have managed to squeak a few laughs out of me.  To be perfectly honest, though, this movie, while it has that Coppela-esque ambition, never even achieves the depth of a made-for-Disney channel movie.  It ends up feeling pretentious.  I only wanted it to be funny.  Instead it wasn't really . . . anything.  Forgetable is the only word for it.
0192833588|3.0|Jane Austen is definitely one of the greatest novelists of the world. I've read Pride and Prejudice &amp;Emma and loved them both. However, I was disappointed with Sense and Sensibility. The story of two sisters altogether different from each other could be an interesting plot ... if it had Austen's usual style. Austen is famous for her keeping her balance between too romantic and too realistic. This time her style is much too romantic and by no means both feet on the ground. The sensible sister Elinor is really a charachter to fall in love with ,but the incredibly romantic sister Marienne has driven me nuts  by talking foolishly throughout the book. Still , a good experience and worth reading.
0441172717|5.0|Ignore all these reviews and read this book for yourself.  Everyone seems to want to project their own beliefs and opinions on the story and symbolism, then they say &quot;that is what Frank Herbert meant to say.&quot;  Having read the series three times (and this first book four), each time the story stikes me differently.  Don't make the mistake of forcing the words to meet your expectations.  Frank Herbert spent six years researching and preparing for this novel, so don't expect to unravel its secrets in one read.  In the end, it is the most enjoyable, entertaining, thought-provoking piece of fiction I have ever read.  (By the way, try to ignore the review comparing Herbert's philosophy with Hitler's.  If there is a link in the novels to Hitler, it is a negative one.  Besides, Herbert's gom-jabbar tests humans based on their decisions in crisis, not their ethnicity.  However, don't listen to me.  Read and form your own opinion.)
0671042858|5.0|Steve hits the mark with this quick read. If you don't know, it's about a little girl lost in the woods and having just been a little girl not too long ago, I can say this novel rings true.<br />Great pacing, vivid description and nice touches. I don't want to get lost like that ever. Thumbs up!
0679731377|5.0|Barnes' brilliant History of the World offers little comfort to the reader even though it is bitingly satirical in tone. Barnes' ten and a half chapters are really a series of stories that reflect various places, peoples, and time periods. There is no chronology to these events: indeed, Barnes' look at history need not be chronological as history constantly repeats itself. Each story is connected by recurring themes: separating the clean from the unclean, the presence of woodworm, the importance of Noah's ark, and,in most cases, the maritime setting. Barnes shows the human race doing itself in on countless occasions. Humanity is a perplexing idea: human beings, demonstrates Barnes, have both the ability to love and the ability to annihilate each other. There is a richness in the interpretation of history (as demonstrated in the chapter &quot;Shipwreck&quot;) but there is also danger. Man too often rewrites history, bodlerizes it, cleans it up. This may lend to the repetition of man's folly.<br />Religion and reverence are also placed on the table in &quot;History.&quot; Barnes shows how religious belief often becomes a tool to separate oneself from the rest. The humorousness of Barnes' &quot;History&quot; is one of its most enduring features. Its ruthlessness separates itself from traditional history books. Its strong prose and unique style separate it from the common rut of fiction.
0684853523|5.0|It really is... I liked the autobiographical first section, it's funny, thoughtful and moving. The technical second section, the stuff about &quot;how to write&quot;, is sound and full of good advice and insights, as well as being entertaining. It's a common sense &quot;talking to&quot; that is easy to follow and use. Seasoned and novice writers will all benefit from this. There's also a reading list at the end that exposes you to good examples of writing. It's one of the few books on writing that I have bothered to shell out moolah for and worth every penny. Bonus: there's a short writing assignment that you can complete and submit to Steve, who may or may not reply and critique.(deadline is Dec 31, 2000)
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Obviously, this is great stuff.<br />But the only reason to release it, to paraphrase George Harrison, is to show a lot of new bands what a truly great, truly powerful rock n roll band was REALLY all about.<br />What I want to know is, why hasn't someone, after all these years, been able to get some of the truly great stuff sitting around in people's vaults onto LP/CD?  <br />For instance, the Beatles did live taped versions of Revolution and, I think, Hey Jude, to be shown on American TV...the Mike Douglas Show, I think.  Absolutley rockin'....and the audio versions have never been made available.  I'm not even sure if you can track down the video versions.  Also, the stuff John and Yoko did on Mike Douglas, together and with other artists the week they co-hosted.  Where's that?<br />There must be tapes of McCartney's Scottish tour, when he'd just slapped Wings togther...Harrison jamming with Dylan, and Harrison's trip to San Fran in '67...all of the tapes they made in India (much of which morphed into the White Album)...<br />Call me fanatic, but I want to hear it ALL!  George Martin did the best, but is the rest just unlistenable?<br />And is Live At The Hollywood Bowl no longer available?  It's worth the price just for Things We Said Today!<br />I am, unashamedly, still a rabid Beatles fan.  They put off more creative energy in 7 years than the rest of Rock combined.
B000002UC5|2.0|This is a fairly mediocre album.  For Paul's first solo effort, you would have expected something closer to the inspiring work on Abbey Road or Let it Be.  Instead it sounds rushed and  underproduced.  There are a few classic songs (&quot;Maybe I'm Amazed,&quot; &quot;That Would be Something&quot;) but generally, it reveals his weakenesses as a solo artist.  His biggest weaknesses are his insistence on playing nearly every instrument by himself, and his tendency towards lyrical superficiality.  I love Paul McCartney, but this is a haphazard effort.
6305807086|4.0|The plot of the film is absolutely interesting and moving...not one of the everyday movies you see on screen.
B000051VWW|2.0|After being away from the music scene for eight years I quess I expected the group to return in their big, but subtle way. This CD is by far the worst Sade music I have ever heard. I do not understand the rave reviews. I am a huge Sade fan and I was very disappointed by this release. It is very stale music. As one review said &quot;time stands still&quot;. It does, but it appears to have passed Sade by. Do not by this CD!
0767824571|5.0|I must take exception to the other reviewer who thinks that the TRUE fans who quote this EXCELLENT movie are geeks and ruin it for &quot;normal&quot; viewers.  Anyone who watches Monty Python and considers themselves &quot;normal&quot; are the true geeks. :) Anyway, do not fault us MP fans, to enjoy something is not geeky.  I have been a MP fan for 20 years and never get tired of it. Holy Grail is the best comedy movie of the modern age. (Post 1940's).  As for the DVD rendition being not superior, oh well. At least we still have this wonderful movie to enjoy for many years to come.
B00000JCOV|5.0|When a fan listens to Slipknots debut for the first time, they will know that the best album of the new millenium was released in the old millenium. Slipknot, both the album and the band, is a masterpeice among all new music, going far beyond anything considered metal today. #8's (Corey) vocal are bordering that of the hardcore bands such as Earth Crisis. And that is what makes Slipknot so great-- the diversity. When you combine the growling vocals of #8, along with the samples, the turntables, the rip-roaring guitar work, and the most incredible percussion work since Rush, you get somthing that cannot be ignored. Skeptist must look beyond the fact that these guys wear masks, because when you hear them, you completely forget the masks, and are sucked into the vortex of extreme heaviness. Slipknot are not just some Gwar-like shock-rockers only wanting to be seen, they have somthing to offer in their music, and then some. I don't know if it has been said yet, but it will be, Slipknot is the new Metallica; for they have created somthing original out of a genre that gets so many recycled bands (Deftones, Factory 81, P.O.D). Check out songs like &quot;(Sic)&quot;, &quot;Eyeless&quot;, &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;,....OH HELL, just listen to the album and never ever skip a track. And don't expect Slipknot to fade away fast, they will be around for a long, long time.
B00004WKII|5.0|<br />If you're like me and already own half dozen or more Hendrix CDs, you're probably asking yourself, \\"what on earth would compel me to buy another one?\\"  If so, consider the fact that this is much more than just another collection of Hendrix tunes.  More like an audio documentary (acclaimed director Marty Dibergi would call it a \\"rockumentary\\"), and compiled in chronological order from the years 1967 through 1970 this is a must have for die-hard Hendrix fans and the neophyte wondering what all the fuss is about.  All five of Jimi's songs they play on the radio (at least my local radio station plays five) are here albeit in an alternate format than the official album release. It features many tunes as works in progress (Third Stone from the Sun) and completed songs performed in a live setting giving them a fresh angle (Purple Haze). <br />Jimi Hendrix was much more than a guitar player and one need to look no further than this set for proof of that.  Jimi's \\"Bob Dylan in outer space\\" style of lyric composing is his second most interesting quality (female fans may beg to differ). From his most well known songs to ones that many people have never heard, Jimi never fails to assault the cranium with his beautiful, thoughtful, and sometimes, strange lyrics. <br />\\"STRANGE BEAUTIFUL GRASS OF GREEN  <br />WITH YOUR MAJESTIC SILKEN SEAS  <br />YOUR MYSTERIOUS MOUNTAINS I WISH TO SEE CLOSER  <br />MAY I LAND MY KINKY MACHINE\\" <br />Combine this with Jimi's \\"Les Paul meets John Lee Hooker on Acid\\" guitar technique and you have four hours plus of the some of the most complex, compelling, and consistently jaw-dropping music you're not likely to hear on your local \\"classick\\" rock station. <br /> The set begins with Hendrix's most well known tune, his signature tune if you will, \\"Purple Haze,\\" and ends with his last studio work before his death a scant month later.  Entitled simply \\"Slow Blues\\" and previously unreleased, it's short, ends abruptly and without explanation.  Quite fitting for a man, who burst upon the scene and in just four short years, redefined rock and blues music, only to die before we could fully comphrehend his talent. Get this and you won't regret it. <br />\\"AND I SAID FLY ON MY SWEET ANGEL  <br />FLY ON THROUGH THE SKY\\"
B000001EHS|5.0|I've been a Def Leppard fan since the 80's and was delighted when this album was released. I actually had 2 versions, CD &amp; cassette. I played the cassette so many times in my store that I wore it out! That's how much I love it!<br />Begining with &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me&quot; to the classic &quot;Love Bites&quot; and the infectious &quot;Armageddon It&quot;, this album is a must for all Def Leppard fans.<br />If you don't already own..whaddya waiting for???
0441172717|5.0|The events that led me to read 'Dune' are long and boring, suffice it to say that I only ended up reading the novel after first seeing the HORRIBLE HORRIBLE movie they TRIED to make... Normally such an embarassment would keep me from wanting to read it, but I had heard SO MANY incredible things about 'Dune' that I just KNEW that they had ruined it when they attempted to turn something SO complex into a 2-hour movie (which is just BEYOND impossible if you ask me).  I finally tackled the book and after I stopped reading it a couple times, on my 3rd try (don't they say the 3rd time is the charm??) I finally succeeded in getting past the first 50 pages.  I'll admit, this is FAR from the easiest book to get into...however when you finally DO, you are in for a ride you will NEVER forget.<br />I have NO idea where to begin.  The characterization is fully realized.  Even the minor one's seem real.  The detail is superb. To think that Frank Herbert was rejected by over a dozen publishers before finding one who gave him a shot is incredible to me.  They COULDN'T have read it in order to reject it.  That would be like rejecting Oxygen as necessary to survival.  From the economics of not just the planet, Dune, but a complete Galaxy of planets and those who fight for control of the most valuable source in the known Universe: the Spice Melange.  And let's not forget the mighty Sandworms.  Truly on a level far and above EVERYTHING else available in the realm of Science Fiction today (at least to MY knowledge).  I had high hopes for many other authors, but NOBODY ever came close to 'Dune'--not even Herbert himself.  I might ruffle a few feathers here, but I never found the subsequent sequels nearly as truly amazing as the original.  Its as if Herbert's hand was directed by a higher power when he wrote 'Dune' and it never came back entirely in the following volumes...close but no cigar as they say--which ISN'T to say they aren't good, just not up to the bar set by the facinating &amp; amazing 'Dune'.<br />On a small side note, in the field of fantasy I do believe we have a series of books that could possibly be considered the literary equivilant to 'Dune' and that is George R.R. Martin's fantastic 'A Song Of Ice And Fire' series.  But in this series I believe Martin has been able to not just be able to write a good first book, but he has managed to IMPROVE upon the first book and even the 3rd book is better.  It's a runaway snowball<br />effect, but as it gets bigger, it keeps going UPHILL instead of DOWN.  High praise indeed comparing ANYTHING to 'Dune' but I think it'll stand the test of time.<br />If you are a science fiction reader, you cannot in good conscience consider yourself well-read UNTIL you have finished 'Dune'.  It is the bar by which ALL other Sci-Fi books are measured, and by which ALL other's fail.  I've read some truly great sci-fi novels out there, but I'm tellin' you, NOBODY has been able to beat 'Dune', and I'll be surprised if they ever do-- although I'd be thrilled if it ever DID happen.  Simply put THE BEST Science Fiction book not just in print today, but more than likely of ALL TIME, in short, a TRUE MASTERPIECE.p; amazing 'Dune'.<br />On a small side note, in the field of fantasy I do believe we have a series of books that could possibly be considered the literary equivilant to 'Dune' and that is George R.R. Martin's fantastic 'A Song Of Ice And Fire' series.  But in this series I believe Martin has been able to not just be able to write a good first book, but he has managed to IMPROVE upon the first book and even the 3rd book is better.  It's a runaway snowball<br />effect, but as it gets bigger, it keeps going UPHILL instead of DOWN.  High praise indeed comparing ANYTHING to 'Dune' but I think it'll stand the test of time.<br />If you are a science fiction reader, you cannot in good conscience consider yourself well-read UNTIL you have finished 'Dune'.  It is the bar by which ALL other Sci-Fi books are measured, and by which ALL other's fail.  I've read some truly great sci-fi novels out there, but I'm tellin' you, NOBODY has been able to beat 'Dune', and I'll be surprised if they ever do-- although I'd be thrilled if it ever DID happen.  Simply put THE BEST Science Fiction book not just in print today, but more than likely of ALL TIME, in short, a TRUE MASTERPIECE.
6304602979|5.0|Forget about all other movies...this one takes the cake... you want dialogue...you want action...awesome music...visual stimulation? we've got it all. a great love story bookended by gunfights and drug deals. you want stars...heck samuel l. jackson and brad pitt have the two smallest roles in the flick- even tony soprano gets in the act. dissapointed by the long awaited dialogue between pacino and deniro in heat..check out dennis hopper and christopher walken for the best scene ever filmed. watch this movie again and again
B000002MP2|3.0|I bought this cd as my first green day album, and this is one of those cds that you prefer just the hits. My favorite songs are &quot;Basket Case&quot; and &quot;Welcome to Paradise&quot;. Although those are the only songs I usually listen to, all the other songs are fine, just not as good as the hits.
B000001E8P|5.0|This is the best of Britpop and a must for any fan of the genre. Common People, Disco 2000 &amp; Sorted For E's &amp; Wizz are the best songs on the album. Jarvis Cocker's vocals range between deadpan talking and gorgeous singing but always excellent. The lyrics are all commentary on life in England be it a sordid district of London or the backstreets a Yorkshire town. Any fans of Parklife era Blur, Suede, &amp; Menswear should pick this one up. This cd along with This Is Hardcore are the two most essential Pulp discs to date.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I skipped this movie while it was in theaters because the trailers made it look lame. However I rented it when it first came out and watched it twice in two days. After that I ran out and bought it and have watched it at least 5 times since. The only movie I own that I have watched more times then Sleepy Hollow is the Matrix.<br />Dan
0441003257|5.0|I picked this book up after reading Stardust and Neverwhere and it is certainly as good as those two. The relationships between the characters draws you into the book even more. The scenery is well setup and you get a good feel for what is happening in the story. Anyone who likes good fantasy books or just wants a funny read should pick this one up.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This CD is a collection of our #1 hits.  Therefore, it does not include your personal favorite song.  If you have a problem with this, then you should buy enough copies of the single to make it #1.
079073639X|4.0|First of all the special effects in the movie were just plain cool.. Beyond that the story continually challenges you to figure out who, or what is behind it... with out sayin too much about the movie.. its a movie that will make you think, almost like a murder mystery would.......... challenge yourself... watch the movie
B000002OX7|5.0|When people speak of albums that have strong tunes on them all the way through, they had this album in mind. Not a weak one in the bunch. Also, it has to be included in your library if you enjoy rock. It's there with Hotel California, Cosmos Factory, St. Pepper, Exile on Main Street...
B00002Z88D|5.0|There has never been an album quite like this one before.  Not many rock bands with solid titles behind them have stuck their necks out by playing with a symphony.  Metallica plays with the symphony with style and flair.  They do not sacrifice any of the hardness, metal, and beat of their other albums, but the symphony makes the songs flow, rather than simply thrashing it out.  Neither is the symphony drowned out by all the electrical instruments.  The songs sound as though they were written with the symphony in mind.  This is Metallica's best album ever, it has the greatest music, the greatest songs, and the intensity that comes with a live record.  If you want to buy just one Metallica CD, this is it.
B00000K32J|5.0|Absolutely brilliant and breathtaking in every way except one...Michael Flatley.  He should have stopped when he was ahead! I saw him perform only 13 months prior to starring in Feet of Flames and he was incredible then...however his performance in FOF was disappointing, his posturing, grimaces, and pretentious solo was an embarrassment. He's gone 'soft' in the body and shows none of the style, bearing , or stamina of previous shows.  However, this new take on &quot;Lord of the Dance&quot; is a visual and musical delight. The new dances &quot;Dance Above the Rainbow&quot; and &quot;Dance of Love&quot; are fabulous. (They weren't choreographed by Flatley, Marie-Duffy choreographed &quot;Dance Above...&quot; and the incredibly talented young John Carey (formerly Flatley's understudy and the former star of Lord of the Dance troupe 2) choreographed &quot;Dance of Love&quot;.) The video combines the best parts of the actual performance with parts of the dress rehearsal.  Bernadette Flynn, Daire Nolan, Helen Egan,  Anne Buckley, and Ronan Hardiman's new music are outstanding; Gillian Norris looks gorgeous but doesn't dance enough. The real stars of the show are the 100 plus dancers from troupes 1 and 2 and the new dancers hired for this show.  I never tire of watching this video, despite the sorry performance of the once amazing Flatley.
0684853523|5.0|I am not a big reader of Stephen King novels.  I have only read The Shining, which I liked a great deal.  However, as a writer, I really enjoyed &quot;On Writing.&quot;  I now have two books on writing that I will refer to again and again for knowledge and motivation--John Gardner's, &quot;On Becoming a Novelist,&quot;  and Stephen King's, &quot;On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft.&quot;  Read this book. You will not be disappointed!
B00001SIES|3.0|You should purchase this album if only for tracks 2&amp;7. &quot;muscle museum&quot; is a powerful, painful, quite out of the ordinary song and &quot;unintended&quot; is a touching ballad which I can't get enough of - both songs are 5 star material !<br />Singer Matthew Bellamy's voice is rich, full of emotion and beauty. Listening to his voice on the radio was what caught my interest and got me to purchase SHOWBIZ.<br />Though judged as a whole I award the album 3 stars, I don't regret buying it - and why is that ? because, though I didn't like some songs those I love are simply wonderful (&quot;sunburn&quot;, &quot;falling down&quot;, &quot;sober&quot;, &quot;hate this &amp; I'll love you&quot;). What's more it's obvious they love and enjoy what they're doing which is not always true in too many songs these days. Watch out for MUZE future releases - I know I will!<br />One sentence about them immitating RADIOHEAD - I think it unfair. I own all RADIOHEAD albums and while MUZE have undoubtedly been influenced by them, careful listening to SHOWBIZ proves MUSE managed to create a distinct sound that is all their own.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Okay, due to the fact that I didnt have cable for a while, I missed my newest favorite show,&quot;Sex in the City&quot;.  When I saw this out on DVD, I knew it had to be part of my collection.  It has met up to all my expectations, it is a great DVD collection, and I recommend it to any SITC lover.  It is a must have for every womans collection (and mans).
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatle's 1 is a great snapshot of a great band.  If you do buy Beatles 1's as your first Beatles purchase, you will regret it.  Your regret will stem from your only getting a brief snapshot of the greatest band ever to grace the planet.  In short, the Beatles were the Rocky Marciano's of Rock and Roll.  They had 8 great years at the top and retired.  No money grubbing ,embarassing come backs and no reunions (see the Who and the Rolling Stones).  <br />After hearing Beatle's 1's, you will simply have to buy all of their original albums.  For example, none of the songs on Sgt Pepper, or on side 2 (the connected side) of Abbey Road, were released as singles, and therefore, did not make it onto the charts.  Also, Strawberry Fields only made it to #2 and Revolution was a B-Side, which also keeps them from being classified as #1 songs.  In short, some of the Beatle's strongest material, due to technicalities, are not on this album.  In the end, you will eventually purchase all of the Beatles studio albums, and end up using Beatle's 1's as a coaster.
B000051VWW|4.0|Being a Sade fan, I am very impressed with her new CD, this is something that you can sit by the fire and enjoy the music and lyrics, all have been thoughtfully written and each song has a meaning that would apply to you or someone you know.  Welcome Back Sade.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Although this is not the kind of music I listen to every day of my life, it is an enjoyable CD that I enjoy hearing time and again.  Almost every song is infectious and really great to sing along to.  Especially in the car.<br />The really heavy (well, heavy compared to my usual stuff!), fast songs make you go hyper, while the singles, &quot;What's my age again?&quot;, &quot;All the Small things&quot; and &quot;Adam's song&quot; give you a bit of rest from the madness.  Two of the favourites are &quot;The Party Song&quot; and &quot;Going Away to College&quot;, the latter of which provides us with a sweet little story set to lots of drums and geee-tars!  There is not a bad song on this CD.<br />I like Blink because they're not afraid of acting like children!  You'll be singing, or rather, &quot;ranting&quot; along with them all the way.
0802130208|4.0|A grand ball of entertainment. It's real flavor comes out if you've been through the Big Easy and the Quarters. I can well imagine how much New Orleans natives would enjoy it. Each character was pathetic enough to catch your attention, and kind of feel sorry for them. The way Toole relates each one to our tragicomic &quot;hero&quot; is the author's forte in this book. Looking at life through Ignatius's &quot;worldview&quot; was quite disturbing and comical. However, it seems like Toole hurried with the ending, as the book ends rather abruptly, and - I don't believe I'm saying this but - too happily.
6304411448|4.0|It's been a while since I've seen this one, but I thought it was so endearing.  The romance between the Charlie Chaplin wanna-be and the vulnerable young woman is very sweet.  They are both undeniably cute, and the whole concept harks back to the innocence that we see so little of in films these days.<br />The movie is not at all overstated, being more of a lovably quirky film.  Johnny Depp is fantastic.  I recommend this movie to viewers who like their romance with a difference - and that good old-fashioned touch.
0553277472|5.0|A few years ago, I wrote a review of this book.  I share the opinion of many others that this book is a foundational work.  Maybe not to all of western culture, as some detractors try and mistakenly claim about its praises, but foundational to some of the individuals that read it.  At that time, I was a single teacher/coach and was convinced that I pretty much knew everything that I was ever going to need to know.  I read the book to my AP Calculus classes for what I thought would be important to them as they went on about their lives after high school.  <br /> Now, I am married and will be having twins in May 2001. I am still teaching and coaching, and I am still reading this book to my classes. But now, its to show them what it has done for this one individual, and leave it up to them to find out if it is really something that can help.<br />  Zen has now impacted over 10 years of students.  During my decade in the classroom, Pirsig's dialouges on the workings of our understanding have given focus to my teaching in a way that no class or mentor ever has.  His ability to write about ideas that were so precious to him, and still put it in a way that allows a reader to think for themselves, evaluate for themselves even ENCOURAGE a reader to do so; may be the most valuable lesson that I could ever teach.  <br />For me it was a must read.  I happened upon it during my own little journey, in a bookstore in the NYC subway system.  Right under the Citibank building.  I had heard it had something to do with Montana(I was born and raised there) so I picked it up.  Over the next 350 miles of bicycle touring, it moved me in such a way that I can barely explain.  I'll put it this way.  I'm going to start reading it to my twins in December.  They are not due until May.
0679879269|5.0|Alright, c'mon own up who cried at the end?!Well all I know is that I cried for about half an hour &amp; I thought this book was the best book that has ever been written. When Lyra &amp; Will left their deamons on the jetty as they went to the Land of the Dead  I felt that I had left my deamon on the jetty &amp; my heart had ripped in two. <br />I love King I Iorek Byrnison and I can just imagine his deep powerfull voice &amp; his massive body cvered in bright creamy/white fur &amp; Serafina Pekkala's beautiful face.It was sssssssssooooo romantic when they fell in love but when they had to live in different worlds I burst into tears please say you did because I feel very foolish.         E-mail me on your thoughts on this book,other Philip Pullman books and any other books you have read and liked and i'll give them a try.By the way have you read 'Witch Child' by Ceila Rees?
0812505085|5.0|What a great book, the suspense, action, tension and adventure between the front and back covers is absolutely phenomenal. I was amazed that even with such an explosive plotline, the story is in no way rushed; in fact it is quite the contrary. Each chapter gets its fair share of events and specific plotline, which really is an advantage to the book all the way along, it, is not boring in any paragraph whatsoever. Each character gets their own individual personality, such as feelings, emotions, and the decision of \\"What would this character do if this happened?\\" It is clearly obvious that R.L. Stevenson spent most time on the character of Long John Silver, whose personality changes from good to bad to good to bad almost within every chapter, and also the character of Jim Hawkins, who finds the adventure just one long disaster after another, finding himself in the most dangerous of situations: Almost being stabbed to death, overhearing a mutiny plan, witnessing a murder and stumbling into the enemy to name a few. Each chapter sends the reader onto a total roller-coaster ride of emotions, including sadness, comedy, rudery and tension making Treasure Island definitely worth reading, the only problem with it is that once you start reading it, you won't be able to put it down!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Is just what the title says it is-the beatles singles that were issued as singles AND got to the no 1 position, either in england or america. That is why there are no album tracks from rubber soul, pepper, the white album, ect-just the songs that were put out on 45rpm discs and hit the top spot!And yes, although I own about 300 beatle albums and cds, I have bought this and love it ( it sound fantastic, all 78 minutes of it). A great set for new fans and old fans alike!!!
B000001ESP|5.0|Meet the new boss! This is, without a shadow of a doubt, the greatest album of all time. This album should have its own TV channel(we'll call it RushTV) disecting every second of it. This isn't just a &quot;progressive rock&quot; or &quot;middle-brow intellectual&quot; album. This is THE defining rock album. This is everything music can be when 3 people put their minds towards doing something great(with meaning). The music, the lyrics, the singing, and the playing all come together. You want to better your life and change the world? Throw away your bible, frame a picture of Rush on your wall and pray to that. Then play this album as loud and as long as you can. That, more than anything else, will really get us all going in the right direction.
630469654X|5.0|Wide Screen review gave both 3 stars for audio and video. I would disagree. The Dolby surround 5.1 on this mid 1980s movie is simply wonderful. You can hear horse galloping, draw bridge, and jungle sound from your surround channel. The only drawback is not enough bass. But the Dolby Digital sound is wonderful. No problem with the picture as well. Bright and clear. This movie is certainly the best movie for Richard Donner (as director), Michelle Pfeiffer (as the leading actress) and Rutger Hauer and Matthew Broderick(as the leading actors). You should know the storyline by now, about a couple who were cursed. One to be hawk at day the other as wolf as night so they can never meet as human being. Wonderful movie and excellent DVD.
0684800713|5.0|&quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is truly vintage Hemingway.  His technique is well developed--short, sparse sentences acting as bookends for rambling descriptions; complex, subtle characterization; vivid moments that almost, but not quite, pass by so quickly that you miss them.<br />If you reach the end of the book and are frustrated, don't be--it means you got it.  There is no triumph, nor is the tragedy so profound that no hope is left at all for Brett and Jake.<br />If you read more than one Hemingway novel, this one has to be included.
B00000IB4D|5.0|I recently bought this album, and it was much better than I thought it would be. My favorites songs on the &quot;Welcome&quot; are &quot;Samba de Sausalito&quot;, &quot;Mother Africa&quot;, and &quot;Flame-Sky&quot; tops 'em all. A really good collector like myself will want this album. Get it, and hear what you've been missing.
B00000JSJC|2.0|This film doesn't just pale in comparison to its cyberpunk cousins &quot;Bladerunner&quot; or &quot;12 Monkeys,&quot; it turns ghostly white and dies.  The film misses the mark because it can't decide what it's aiming for, and so it resorts to tired old Hollywood formulas.  For example, the film nominally decries misogyny while at the same time offering viewers voyeuristic scenes of women being murdered, raped, groped, and screwed. (And that's when they're not stripping and standing around 90-100% nude.) Bassett's strength gives the movie some female force, but only by putting her macho boots up the noses of the bad guys and gals.  Interestingly, the film portends the LA police's CRASH unit--a murderous group of fascists which has come to public light since this film was made.  But that real story of CRASH is far more horrifying than this weak drama.
B00000064G|4.0|Very sweet and moody, not really stark and despairing.  The other albums sound kind of corny and sacharine with their excess instrumentation, like Moody Blues Days of Future Passed.  Saw VW ad - dug the sound, but didn't know the story before hearing it on Public Radio.  Like Jimi - this guy was on to something, and could have done more.
6305451591|5.0|If someone were to ask me, &quot;What is one of your favorite movies of all time?&quot;  Life if Beautiful would be the first title that rolls off my tongue.  No question.
B00000AFFI|3.0|In 1994, Harvey released &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot;; an album combining mythology-based lyrics with music that is a fusion of blues and industrial/techno.  Miraculously, this disparate combination works brilliantly.  Though Harvey seems to sing in the thrid person on the entire album, she manages to make the characters feel immediate and personal, never sounding distant.  When she sings, she actually becomes the characters; the key to great storytelling.  The lyrics mesh well with the bracing, often jarring music, which is so enticing because it's innovative, yet familiar (like all truly great music).<br />On &quot;Is This Desire?&quot;, Harvey again sings predominantly in the third person, but often sounds distant.  It's as if she hasn't been able to make herself become the characters.  Consequently, it is difficult for the listener to feel anything for these characters.   There are a few exceptions:  &quot;Cathryn&quot; is delicate, intimate, and compelling, as is &quot;My Beautiful Leigh&quot;.  More often Harvey sounds insular, failing to generate much emotional resonance.<br />The music on &quot;Desire&quot; is just as problematic.  Flood is a capable helmsman, but much of &quot;Desire&quot; sounds over-produced.  Electronic sound effects can enhance the quality and feeling of a song when used judiciously, but here Flood isn't discriminating enough.  Many of the songs are treated with &quot;bleeps&quot; and &quot;blurbs&quot; which are at best superfluous, at worst perfunctory.  Many songs are marred with pointless sound effects that detract from otherwise quality material.<br />Despite my criticisms, I don't think &quot;Desire&quot; is worthless, just dissapointing compared to it's predecessor.  It's as if Harvey recognized that it would be difficult to create something as brilliant as &quot;Love&quot;.  This may be true, but on &quot;Desire&quot;, it sounds like she didn't even bother to try.  Since Harvey is so talented, &quot;Desire&quot; is a stronger record than the best efforts from most other artists.  From someone of Harvey's capabilities, it's an average attempt that hopefully represents a temporary lull, not a dearth of creative inspiration.
0399146377|1.0|The generally lackluster writing and a dreadful reading make the abridged audio casette version of The Last Precinct scarely worth even one star. I could have dealt with the moping around and lack of interesting plot much better if I hadn't been unintentionally amused by the reading. The attempt to give Kay Scarpetta a mid-South accent is a dismal failure -- first, of course, because she is a native of Miami, not Richmond, and secondly because it is so poorly done as to be ludicrous. Couple that with the annoying decision give all the characters accents of some sort and the result is laughable at best. Cornwell's work should  be read straight, no frills, just the way her stories used to be.
B000000LZV|3.0|I hadn't really thought much about this album in the last ten years, leaving it in my old box o' tapes with Big Audio Dynamite and Suicidal Tendancies.  But thanks to MTV and Jackazz palying Corona every day I decided to revisit an old friedn.  Truth be known the late D. Boon had the worst voice of any singer ever to be in a band signed to a record deal.  That is in reality the only thing hardcore about this album.  The music is tight and while I used to love the short song after short song approach I almost wished they had fleshed out some of their ideas a little further.  Having said that I will agree that Mike Watt is the best bass player of the 1980's (sorry Flea)!.  4:20.
B00000HZFP|5.0|I skipped this show in both New York and L.A.  What was I thinking?!  I completely understand the many comments here about being &quot;addicted&quot; to this CD... I borrowed it from a friend out of curiosity, and I can't get enough!  It's monumental!  I would follow writer Trask and performer Mitchell anywhere!  (Not to mention Hedwig herself, of course!)  Turn it up loud and you'll want to conquer the world!  :)
0399103422|5.0|The Godfather by Mario Puzo is an excellent adult read.  I really enjoyed discovering information that i assume is true about the mafia.  I recommend this book to any adult who is interestid in conflicts and questionable killing, and does not get squemish with gory details.  Puzo is an excellent author and I am looking into more of his books to read.  I simply love the way he describes every detail in words that are understandable to the common ear, yet words sophisticated enough to really illuminate a picture in the readers mind.  I am very glad i read this story and I plan on watching the movies soon as well as reading more Puzo novels in the near future.
B00004YA66|5.0|This highly imaginative science fiction thriller is an entertaining mind bender of a film.  Toby Emmerich's story takes a fresh approach to the time travel angle.  Rather than having people traveling through time, Emmerich has them communicating through time using a Ham Radio that has been augmented by an Aurora Borealis.  Ok, there aren't many Aurora Borealis events as far south as New York City, but there isn't any trans-time communication noted in the scientific literature either, so we need to allow the story a little latitude.<br />After we accept the premise, this ingenious plot incorporates many different elements to entice the viewer.  There is the human angle of a son speaking to his dead father, the many twists resulting from altering the ribbon of time, and the solving of a thirty-year-old serial murder case.  The various elements are combined effectively by director Gregory Hoblit (Primal Fear, Fallen) to produce a fast paced action thriller with sufficient character development to bind us emotionally to the characters.  The fascinating thing about the detective story is that the facts of the crime keep changing in unexpected ways each time John (James Caviezel) imparts something to his father (Dennis Quaid) that causes him to change history.  In addition, the action sequences are well done and the visual effects, especially the digitized Aurora are nicely rendered.  The aging makeup is also realistic.<br />The acting was excellent as well, though the New York accents were pretty bad.  Dennis Quaid alternated between the goofy and endearing dad and the action hero, and managed to keep it from seeming incongruous.  This was a breakout performance by James Caviezel, who heretofore has been confined to minor roles.  His was a very emotional and tense role and he handled it extremely well.  I was also impressed with Elizabeth Mitchell who gave a vivacious performance as John's mother.<br />I enjoy a good intelligent science fiction thriller.  Lately, sciencefiction has been subsumed into the horror category, since you seldom see a science fiction story that isn't an excuse to hack up some cast members.  This film was more in the tradition of Twilight Zone, relying more on an inventive story than grisly effects to capture the audience.  That's why I rated this film a 9/10.  With luck, this will inspire a return to more creative science fiction.
B000002BBY|4.0|One of the essential albums of the 90s has everything you would ever want from any album. Pure rock and roll (Morning Glory,Roll with it) Beutiful Ballads (Wonderwall, Cast No Shadow)Anthems (Don't look back in anger,Champagne Supernova)and cool lively pop tunes (She's Electric). Crulely grabbed away from perfection by mediocre songs like Hello and Hey Now this album was when Noel Gallagher was the Brit Pop King writing some of Oasis' greatest hits.<br />These Days Oasis are good but not great  and have lost a lot of fans but if anyone denys that they liked this album they'd be lying through their teeth.<br />1995 was Oasis'year!<br />The Ultimate Manchester album!
B000051VWW|5.0|Yes, I went and picked this up on the US release date (along with a coveted 80 min MiniDisc, but that's another story) It's been EIGHT years since the group let loose a new disc on us, but it was well worth the wait. This CD takes Sade's music to it's next level while still maintaining the quiet strength that is the hallmark of her work. The lyrics on this album speak volumes to the poet in me (track 9 - Immigrant &amp; track 10 - Lovers Rock), while her voice is soothing like an alcohol rubdown.<br />Stuart Matthewman and the band have apparently not been slacking since their self titled 'solo' release under the group name Sweetback in '96 either. The beats and music underlying that mellow voice, are filled with everything from acoustic guitar solos (track 7 - Every Word) to cuts you could almost freestyle to (track 9, again). A must have if you need music to chill by, or an in depth insight into one woman's view on love, or just a little something to set the mood while you do the candelight dinner, pick this up. While you're at it, get the Sweetback CD, too.<br />Peace &amp; Blessings, all.
B00004XOWM|1.0|not good at all. i expected some rapcore but instead i got rap. that's right the second version of rollin' is a rap song that you'd hear on a party station. this is just party music. limp BiZkIt is not the rapcore i knew from 3 $ bill. this is just  sad. party music for party people.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|The boys from Norway deliver their best CD since &quot;East of the Sun, West of the Moon.&quot;  I've liked a-ha since the glamour days of &quot;Hunting High and Low,&quot; which has given me plenty of time to know what these guys are capable of.  I've known that Morten has a unique and beautiful voice, and that together they can be excellent songwriters.  What I didn't know is that they had deep wellsprings of originality and boundless talent, clearly evidenced in &quot;Major Earth Minor Sky&quot; (MEMS).<br />MEMS has such breadth and originality, and can boast 13 entirely individual, though highly cohesive and well-produced tracks.  I got the CD back in April.  It's a chilly November morning in New York and I'm still getting immense pleasure out of every song on MEMS.  Wow.  <br />If your only knowledge of a-ha is &quot;Take on me,&quot; trust me that this would be a good place to re-new your interest.  This CD is superb, really!  <br />Personal favorites, trackwise: 1, 5 and 12.  But they're all bloody great!<br />-brideshead@rome.com
0671027344|3.0|I'm not gonna go into detail, but this was definitaly the best book I've ever read, and that says a lot.  Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  I got it at the library at school one day, read it for 2 hours during school, then got home, read for another few hours, then later that night I finished it.  I immediatly passed the book on to my best friend, whom I hope enjoys it as much as I did.  Like another person reviewing this book said, it will change you by the time you're done reading it.  I loved the book, and hopefully you all will, too.
B00004U8P9|5.0|&quot;The Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; is my favorite movie in the whole wide world. The songs are timeless and most of the performances are truly classic. Anyone who thinks Tim Curry should have won the Oscar for his performance in this film, raise your hand. I think so, too!<br />I really do like this DVD, but I would actually only recommend it to people who have never seen the movie before. I will explain. As everyone knows, the thing about &quot;Rocky Horror&quot; is the audience participation. If you just watch the movie by yourself in your living room, it is fun, but not as fun as hearing people shout witticisms at the screen. With this DVD you can watch the movie by yourself, and take in all the madness..but you can also experience the live aspect with the feature that allows you to hear the callbacks and see a live &quot;Rocky&quot; cast performing. I think that's an excellent and necessary feature of a DVD version of such a film.<br />Now, purists such as myself might be a little disappointed at this DVD. The &quot;hilarious outtakes&quot; and such are not different than those which were featured on the 20th Anniversary laserdisc. It kinda nullifies having to buy the DVD, but if you really really want to, it's not a bad idea. Hearing Richard O'Brien and Patricia Quinn's (Riff-Raff and Magenta, respectively) running commentary is worth the price of admission, so go ahead and splurge. :)
B000002BUY|5.0|I have all of Incubus' major releases and Enjoy and When Incubus Attacks.  And I must say that S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is their best album over, mixing the funkiness of Fungus Amongus and the melody of Make Yourself they come up with a style of music that blows away any other newer metal band (besides Deftones).  Dj Lyfe is a great Turntableist but Kilmore is a little better in my book. Boyd's vocals are extremly good and the guitar and bass work are mind blowing.  <br />IF YOU HAVE'NT BOUGHT THIS CD YET BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!you won't be dissapointed.
B00004BZ0V|2.0|As far as The Clash is concerned this no-way a Definitive Collection and is quite disjointed in terms of continuity.  Sure, it has the wellknown Punky tracks that brought fame to the Rock Foursome of Strummer/Jones/Simonon/Headon.  Tracks such as White Riot, Tommy Gun, I Fought the Law, London Calling and Rock the Casbah are all on this album, however so are some forgetable B-side tracks with their 80 pop-esque feel that I am sure the band would rather not remember.  <br />It is a rather pointless album - and should certainly not be thought of as a &quot;Best of Album&quot;.  If you are new to the music of the Clash, and wish to buy a compilation album: &quot;From Here to Eternity&quot; is a great &quot;live&quot; album and &quot;The Story of the Clash (Vol 1)&quot; is however probably your best bet.  However if you concider yourself a diehard Clash &quot;Punk&quot; then you probably have most of their albums - which have these tracks, anyway - so this compilation isn't for you either.<br />Conclusion:  A pointless collection, despite a few good tracks.
B000002L9W|3.0|I enjoy the lively music on this CD.  Steve Vai (g) and Billy  Sheehan (b) execute some of the tightest rhythms ever recorded by an LA Rock Band. The opening conversation between Dave and Steve is worth the price of admission as Vai actually makes a guitar &quot;speak&quot;.  Vai and Sheehan get a chance to strut their stuff on three of my favourites from this CD, namely, TABACCO ROAD, SHYBOY, and BUMP &amp; GRIND.  On SHYBOY, Vai plays classic speed metal, cascading chromatic runs peppered with vibrato notes held to arrest attention.   Diamond Dave gets to play his favourite role as Game Show Host on the overwrought I'M EASY, and GOIN' CRAZY sounds like it came from the Van Halen songbook.  That's fine by me since Dave co-authored that book.  A funky groove is established on LADIE's... and BIG TROUBLE for Dave to do slow soul.  If you are interested in some of the tightest rhythm in an LA Rock Band, or in the speed metal sound of the eighties, this CD will interest you.
B0000027RL|5.0|Cool! This cd is great from the beginning to end there are excellant song on here including even flow, alive, porch, and jeremy this is what made pearl jam great!
0393317552|4.0|First, a quick description of what this book does and what it does not do. Diamond presents an excellent summary of ideas on why native Eurasians came to dominate native Americans, Africans and Australians. He explains some existing theories clearly and relatively concisely (despite some repetition)and adds in some plausible new ideas of his own. His main thesis is that geography and an abundance of domesticable plants and animals gave the Eurasians a clear advantage over others. Contrary to what some critics seem to have been expecting, &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot; does not explain why Europeans came to dominate rather than Indians, Chinese or other Eurasians. Although the European conquest of America is used as an example throughout, the Europeans are intended as representatives of Eurasia rather than as a distinct culture within the continent. This book takes the reader up to the point where nations and empires developed (about 3000 years ago in Eurasia). For further examination of how different societies within Eurasia developed beyond that point I recommend David Landes' &quot;The Wealth and Poverty of Nations&quot;.<br />Within the scope of what Diamond addresses, I found the book to be very informative and well written, in an easy style that combined theory with examples from history and the occasional anecdote. As other reviewers have said, there are plenty of other books that contain more detail for those who want it, but as a newcomer to the subject I learned a lot from this book.<br />The one drawback I found is that the reader is asked to accept a lot of information merely on the word of the author. If Diamond had added references to other books and journal articles as notes to the text he would have greatly enhanced the authority of the book.
B00002E233|5.0|This movie is really scary. You can both laugh and shout in a short minute. Effects are perfect.  I advise everybody to get that item. (ll cool j is playing best)
0944379044|5.0|You can't attempt to read this book with a closed mind. I know what took place in WW2 was terrible but despite what american/allied propaganda will have you belive adolf hitler was not the monster he is made out to be. Both sides did horrific things. Don't get me wrong im not supporting Heinrich Himmler and nazi involvement in acts of antisemitism to put it lightly. What I am attempting to convey is what adolf hitler attempted when writing Mein kampf. if you read this book with an open mind it will surly make you re-evaluate your current outlook on capitalism communism and hopefully life itself. if nothing else you will at least walk away with a clearer perception of how the events of WW2 and Adolf Hitlers rise to power came to be.
6300268993|5.0|This was a movie that I enjoyed very much. Superman becomes mortal after deciding to make Lois Lane his life love. The timing could not have been worse. Three villains who have the same super powers as Superman are released by an atomic blast. They were imprisoned by Superman's father on the planet Krypton.When the three forces of evil reach planet earth no one is safe.There is no foce on earth that can stand up to these three.Superman reverses the process that made him mortal and does battle with the three evil invaders. Superman finally prevails in the end. Gene Hackman plays a good role as Lex Luthor. The movie pits the forces of good against the forces of evil. A must see movie.
0812589041|5.0|Absolutely and far away an excellent book.  The first time (of many!) I read this book, I was absolutely astonished.  I haven't really liked that much most of the sequels, but you also have to read Ender's Shadow.
630157401X|5.0|The third installment of the Indiana Jones series,Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade,is another fantastic adventure.(it's not as good as Raiders of the Lost Ark,but at least as good,if not better than Temple of Doom.)The film starts out in 1912 in Utah,and shows Indy as a teenager,played by River Phoenix.Then it shifts to 1938 and Indy winds up battling Nazis again,this time teaming up with his father Henry Jones(played wonderfully by THE James Bond,Sean Connery)to find the Holy Grail.Of course Harrison Ford is great as Indy,and the rest of the cast is very good,too,including Alison Doody as Dr.Elsa Schneider,John Rhys Davies as Sallah,Denholm Elliot as Marcus Brody,and Julian Glover as Donovan.There's loads of action,and the musical score by John Williams is great.Overall,it's a great movie and a fine collaboration of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas.
0800199421|4.0|There were a lot of gaps in the plot but, then when isn't there? Lots of action, nail-biting suspense and another chance to see a sterling performance by Harrison Ford. My only real complaint was that Gary Oldman couldn't be a good guy..even once.
B000051VWW|5.0|There are not many artists that go several years between new albums and generate the same excitement as the last time around. Sade of course is an exception to the rule. Back with their first album since 1992's excellent &quot;Love Deluxe&quot;, &quot;Lovers Rock&quot;, finds the group in fine form. From the albums first single &quot;By Your Side&quot;, to terrific highlights like &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;, &quot;King Of Sorrow&quot; and the title track, this is Sade doing what she does best. Understated and extremely cool, that's what the lady and her music are all about.
B00000K19E|5.0|When I saw this film some while back, I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't expect nearly what I got. I thought Keanu would be doing the &quot;Bill and Ted&quot; thing, and I expected the plot to be nothing more than two hours of music video montage. I was wrong.<br />Keanu was good. He didn't play a typical role for him. Usually he's either the clear-cut razor-sharp hero or the mushy romantic. In this film he is the reluctant hero, which he played very well. He lost some weight for the role and is quite skinny. Overall I was very pleased with Keanu's performance and I look forward to him coming out with some other good films. Otherwise, the acting was superb from Fishbourne and others.<br />The story is wonderful. It's well thought out, intriguing, timely, original, and is not the least bit porous. It has left me waiting impatiently for the next in the series.<br />This movie broke all paradigms with special effects. They actually invented new technology to meet the needs of filming. You will see things that you have never seen before.<br />The DVD itself is remarkable. There are numerous bonus features contained on the disk, making it a very worthwhile purchase.<br />Lastly, I called this film the &quot;Star Wars&quot; of our generation. I believe this for several reasons. Like &quot;Star Wars&quot;, &quot;The Matrix&quot; wowed us with new technology and a complex storyline that makes you believe that these characters and their world are real. The trilogy aspect is also recognizant of SW, and of course the religious undertones of both films are there if you look. Finally, SW was released when America was excited about space travel and exploration - it was timely. Similarly, &quot;The Matrix&quot; is released during a time of interest in the computer age, specifically artificial intelligence.<br />This is a DVD that you must buy. It will be a classic twenty years from now.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is a awesome cd. This is made by one of the only white rappers. It has hit songs such as The Real Slim Shady, The Way I Am, Stan. This feature artists such as Dido, Dr. Dre, and more. If you liked his first aulbum youll love the Marshal Mathers LP. This Cd rocks and if you dont have this you should by it.
6305810109|5.0|This movie is truly delightful.  It is so very gentle as it rolls through the American landscape oh so slowly along with the lawnmower.  For some people it may feel too long and drawn out, and the end never seems to be in sight, however it is not really the end that is important is the journey which is captivating.  If you are looking for a faced paced movie, I suggest you look somewhere else, but if you like to get to know characters in a movie, this is the one for you!
B000021Y77|4.0|What if you turned right instead of left?  What if you went out instead of stayed home?<br />Must see movie for those who believe in fate and that the inconsequential things in everyday life really do make a difference.
0380973634|5.0|tube, u-bahn, metro or subway. they will never seem the same. neither will beggers, street music or anybody that 'fell through the cracks'. we all notice dark underground cabins and stops the train never pools into. Geiman uses them as a playground.   the best book i have read for some time!!
B000007VRQ|4.0|Originally released on Decca in Spring 1969.  Went nowhere.  Decca dropped them (they wouldn't even sign the Beatles!). This album is reissued frequently because producer and fellow Charterhouse old boy Jonathan King owns the rights to it and he can reissue it as much as he wants.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Do NOT buy this movie.  Watch this movie ONLY if you are looking for a good unintentional laugh or are studying potential movie franchises that self destruct.  Dougray Scott as the villian is pathetic and way out of his league.  Thandie Newton is T-E-R-R-B-L-E and even more out or her league.  Ving Rhames is severally wasted considering his previous strong work and his excellent preformance in MI1.  Then again they were given nothing to do work with, the script is awful and John Woo couldn't direct his way out of a paper bag other than &quot;gun go boom now!&quot;.  So disappointing after a fun and likeable start in MI1.  Go watch &quot;The Living Daylights&quot; if you're looking for an action movie that knows its small and fun and acts like it.
0688170528|2.0|They were meant to be together forever...or were they?  Emily Gold and Chris Harte grew up hand in hand.  Their families were best friends and neighbors.  They grew together like twins...brother and sister. They became lovers, and wanted things to stay the same forever.  But the only thing constant about life is change.  Emily felt that there was only one way to accomplish keeping things the same.  She dies with Chris.  Now he is charged with murder.  But was it murder?  Was it suicide?  Was it from love?  Was it from secrets?  Was it a pact?<br />I felt this book was written well.  I enjoyed the novel but feel indifferently as to how the story ended.  If you enjoy books that are depressing and leave you with questions, I feel you would like The Pact.
B000002ADT|5.0|In the dictionary under masterpiece is simply Kind of Blue. Well not really, but what else deserves the mantle better than this? No other music has been singularly important in stark beauty, incredible musicianship, and importance than this CD.     What is so beautiful about this is there was no set music when the players went into the studio. It was almost written as it was being made. Featuring Miles Davis, Cannanball Adderley, Paul Chambers, Wynton Kelly, Jimmy Cobb, Bill Evans, and John Coltrane, the music is languid and sparse. There is as much said in the silence as in the notes. It is hard to say when something is made that it will be hailed as influential or remembered, and there was no way to know that of this recording.   But time has proven this is music to wonder in awe at. The later recordings that have been remastered and the speed corrected has brought the power of the music even more into focus. One more unique thing is there are not a lot of alternake take due to the fact if something was heard that didn`t sound right the whole take was stopped, leaving Flamenco Sketches as the only different take available.    The last proof of it`s place in history, it continues to sell at a rate previously unheard of in jazz. It is now nearing the 5 million mark in world sales. For more info on the recording and the musicians, check out Kind of Blue, Making of Miles Davis Masterpiece by Ashley Kahn. You must have this recording.
B000021Y74|5.0|In his brilliantly paced film, Run, Lola, Run, Tom Twyker explores such age-old truisms of life as &quot;timing is everything,&quot; &quot;he got what he had coming to him&quot;, &quot;I wish I had it all to do over again,&quot; and &quot;she'll do anything for love.&quot;  Twyker is also fascinated with point of view, showing us (the audience) relationships between characters that don't even know each other.  Does this film sound too thought-provoking, too heavy for you?  Twyker uses montage, editing, and rapid-paced shot selection to create a technician's paradise.  This is the film for you if you like an action flick as well as something that will stimulate your gray cells.  Truly a brilliant director-based film in an era of cotton candy fluff product movies.
B000000HXK|5.0|Everyone has a &quot;default&quot; or &quot;go to&quot; album - the one  they put in when they are paralyzed with indecision by the other 400 in their collection; the one CD they listen to when they are just too sad, tired, or uninspired to pick anything else. For the last several years, HEX has been that album. I bought it after I heard &quot;Pendulum Man&quot; during a love affair with ambient compilations, and the rest of the songs quickly grew on me. Definitely a &quot;concept&quot; album without an overt concept, this is melancholy mood music defined. &quot;Eyes &amp; Smiles&quot; is an epic of sad resignation, while &quot;A Street Scene&quot; and &quot;Big Shot&quot; describe, both lyrically and musically, that painful crux where external and internal conflicts meet. &quot;Pendulum Man&quot; remains the most beautiful ambient recording I've ever heard, even while Fripp and Eno may be kings of the genre. This album is even more of a treasure since it's &quot;out of stock,&quot; and I suggest we petition the label to reprint. Get this album and take refuge!
B000002UAR|5.0|As I wrote in my review of &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, this is a Beatles CD, so you can hardly go wrong. Any Beatles music is worth owning. I also wrote that &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; is my favorite Beatles CD. I'll stand by that, but &quot;Revolver&quot; is pretty close. &quot;Revolver&quot; was recorded soon after &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; so they are similar in terms of the level of maturity and studio savvy of the band. I believe they represent the Beatles at their peak as a band. Individually, the Fab Four may have become smarter or even better musicians later on, but after &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; the disintegration of the Beatles as a unit affected their music.<br />I have a book that discusses the Beatles music in detail. It breaks down each song in terms of chord changes, shifts in tempo, and specific lyrics. To me, however, what it comes down to is whether the songs make you tap your foot or play you air guitar or sing along; whatever you do in response to music you like. In that sense, I find &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; a little more accessible. The guitars taped and played backwards in the song &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; on &quot;Revolver&quot; are intellectually and sonically interesting, but difficult to tap your foot to. John's sighs in &quot;Girl&quot; from &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; are more natural and evoke more of a response from me as a listener.<br />Don't get me wrong, though. &quot;Revolver&quot; is a superb CD. It's full of great songs characterized by increasingly varied and complex arrangements. &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot; has piano out front, &quot;Love To You&quot; employs the sitar, and brass is prominent in &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot;. The sound is more layered throughout and there is extensive use of studio noise and background sounds that was not present in previous CDs.<br />Complexity isn't all that's happening here, though. &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot; and &quot;Doctor Robert&quot; have been called throwaways by some, but the former is melodic in a dreamy way, while the latter is a catchy guitar-based rock song. Both are relatively simple, but they are among my favorites. &quot;She Said She Said&quot; is another favorite.<br />The growth of George as a songwriter is evidenced by three solid entries, including &quot;Taxman&quot;. Some find the notion of a rich musician complaining about high taxes ludicrous, but this is a well-constructed song with clever lyrics, and the British tax rate on high-income people was confiscatory at that time. Anybody would complain about the amount of taxes the Beatles were subjected to. It seems evident that they earned their money.<br />Again, you can't go wrong getting any Beatles CD, but if you're going to be selective, this is definitely one to get. Whether you're into the Beatles, or just pop/rock in general, you should have a copy of &quot;Revolver&quot;. Even after all these years, it's still one of the best.t the former is melodic in a dreamy way, while the latter is a catchy guitar-based rock song. Both are relatively simple, but they are among my favorites. &quot;She Said She Said&quot; is another favorite.<br />The growth of George as a songwriter is evidenced by three solid entries, including &quot;Taxman&quot;. Some find the notion of a rich musician complaining about high taxes ludicrous, but this is a well-constructed song with clever lyrics, and the British tax rate on high-income people was confiscatory at that time. Anybody would complain about the amount of taxes the Beatles were subjected to. It seems evident that they earned their money.<br />Again, you can't go wrong getting any Beatles CD, but if you're going to be selective, this is definitely one to get. Whether you're into the Beatles, or just pop/rock in general, you should have a copy of &quot;Revolver&quot;. Even after all these years, it's still one of the best.
B00004YA66|5.0|If you remember 1969 (or you were too young to remember, like me) you'll like this movie.  From the atmosphere of the time, to the clothing, to the ham radio, it can be nostalgic.  Watching these two men working together to change the past for the better from two eras....can it be done?  Watch this movie and find out.  Good story and very heartfelt.  The DVD offers some great addtional features, especially the commentary by Toby &amp; Noah Emmerich -- these guys had fun making this film.
B000002UE1|5.0|THIS IS PROBABLY THE SECOND BEST CD GRAND FUNK EVER MADE,THE RED ALBUM BEING FIRST.THIS HAS THE CLASSIC SONGS I`M YOUR CAPTAIN AND MEAN MISTREATER ON IT.BUT,THE SONGS YOU DIDN`T HEAR ALOT ABOUT ARE WHAT MAKES THIS TRULY GREAT.NOTHING IS THE SAME MAY BE THE BEST SONG ON THIS CD.ONE LISTEN TO THE WAY THIS SONG STARTS AND YOUR HOOKED.I JUST DON`T SEE ANY THROW AWAY SONGS ON THIS CD.THIS CD IS WHAT GRAND FUNK WAS ALL ABOUT,NOT THE LATER STUFF LIKE ALL THE GIRLS IN THE WORLD BEWARE.MUST HAVE FOR ANY GRAND FUNK FAN...
B00000IAU3|3.0|As much as I love this album, I find myself annoyed hearing &quot;Here With Me&quot; everywhere I go. How many times must Hollywood use this song for their tv/movie soundtracks? There are other great songs on the No Angel cd but for some strange reason all I hear is &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the radio. I really don't care for how the highly overrated rapper Eminem could butcher a song like &quot;Thank You&quot; for his song &quot;Stan&quot;. The original is a lovely song and should have been left alone to begin with. &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; is probably my favorite track on the whole cd.  I am eager to hear what her next album will sound like in the near future. Dido definitely has shown her potential with No Angel and on a few tracks of her brother's band Faithless cds. I think she will be around for a long time to come.
6305627401|5.0|I love the TV series. I love the movie even more. The songs are great, and surprisingly well written (for being trashy cartton movie songs). I saw it in the theater first and laughed through the whole thing. Then I pre-ordered it on DVD. I watch it whenever I need a quick laugh -- it never fails. LOVE this movie. Even though I'm a relatively normal human being.
0780631684|3.0|So there's this guy that can see these events before they occur. He first learns about it on a field trip to France with his classmates. Fortunately, he and six others manage to get off the plane just in time to see it take off and burst into flames. Then, the prophecy stage presented by a mortician - each and every one who got off the plane will die, not unless they can break the sequence and live happily ever after. In a nutshell, the movie is very much alike most of the teenage horror movies lately (scream 2, urban legends - final cut etc.), but it has this spunk missing that's been lately missing from others. First, there are no famous actors getting slashed, and maybe that's a plus. How many times can you see Jennifer Love Hewitt or Courtney Cox Arquette running away from some raincoat guy holding a hook or some other sharp tool? Also, I find that these movies kind of make fun of themselves, this is embedded in the plot. And this one is more 'serious'. There's no joking about who's about to die, or 'if this was a lame movie what would happen next' kind of material, which gives the movie a sense of quality. I would sum this one up as a nice average+ thriller that's good if you don't have something better to do. I wouldn't add this one up to my own private collection though.
B000000W5L|5.0|Although there are over 100 reviews of this recording here already, it's worth mentioning again that this is one incredible record.  If there ever was an album that defined rock and roll, this is it.  Every song is great and worth listening to.  EOMS is on my personal top ten desert island list, and it seems like many others agree.
0399146253|2.0|I was very disappointed in this book.  I found it boring, very long with little action, and not at all typical of Patricia Cornwell books I have read in the past.  Her writing has become more psychological than action-based.  So, if you like to read about thoughts and feelings and are not into much action and excitement this is a good book for you.
B00004YA66|5.0|I burst into tears when I saw the movie(DVD). I know it is just a fantasy, but I can't help myself thinking that if someday I can also &quot;contact&quot; my dad who passed away ten years ago somehow like this. That will be amazing.   Question:  Is there a soundtrack published with this movie? The music and songs in it are terrific.
6305903182|3.0|This movie would be one of if not the best movies youve ever seen if you hadnt seen scream 2 first.Theres no real surprises(in my opinion) and the &quot;oh ,gee, i wonder who the killer is this time&quot;thing is just not that fresh for a third time.The acting is good.The visuals are good.Scary?watch 2 if you want some freaky stuff, this one just cant do it.Cool?yeh but not as cool as2,not as many turns, and it almost looks like a saturday night live reject in parts.However,in all due fairness, it is a decent movie with some genuinly funny parts.And by the way, you know whose gonna live and who dies....big surprise
0671449028|5.0|Sandra Boynton's colorful board book is a bedtime treat! An assortment of expressive animals gets ready for bed aboard a giant boat. Boynton amusingly shows then bathing, dressing, brushing teeth (&quot;With some on top and some beneath, they brush and brush and brush their teeth.&quot;), and exercising together.<br />It closes with the animals settling down for the night: &quot;They rock and rock and rock to sleep.&quot; Graced by Boynton's well-known illustrations and rhythmic, lullabye-like poetry, this is a great book for infants and toddlers alike.  It's one of those books you'll keep long after the kid(s) grow up.
B00003CXFG|4.0|okay, but in some funny lookin aliens who are scared of the light,a guy with glowing eyes,a crooked cop, a couple other no name actors with a pretty good script, youve got pitch black.After seeing some of the scariest movies ever, could this one scare me?AHAHAHAHA.no not really.But visually, it is pretty impressive.Its got some real cool parts, and the ending .......good lord its cool.Dont get this movie because its scary, get it because its so darn cool.
0399230033|5.0|This book was read at a mixed-age party and I'm sure that the adults laughed as much as the children! It has quickly become a classic, featuring the cleverly pictured sneaky antics of a renegade gorilla.<br />Our young hero steals the keys from a zookeeper and frees all the animals, who follow the keeper home at night. Hilarious &quot;lights out&quot; confusion ensues with a comical surprise ending!<br />34 pages, with only ten different words, the expressive, colorful pictures say it all. This playful book is appropriate for infants, toddlers, and the beginning reader as well. A delightful romp, and a surefire hit! One of those few treasured books that you'll keep for years to come.
B00004RFFM|5.0|This movie has more curves than mariah carey.I mean seriously,it keeps you guessing till the end, and you can never tell whose going to die.Its full of surprises.I wont take the liberty to saying its better than jaws.(but then again my salty sea faring comraddes,in your opinions is any freakin thing?!?!)But its not trying to be.Its a completely,completel original concept, with some really fresh and great actors.Its visiually stunning,and is packed with action.Solid.
B00001NFCY|5.0|and I haven't stopped listening to it since!!! I think that this is THE BEST cd that I have ever owned!! It's better than &quot;my own prison&quot;, and the only cd that I keep in my stack and/or player at all times!!!!! It's really awesome! All of the songs are different, and the music GETS INTO YOU.. it's really deep and I love the intensity of everything you can hear.. even the small melodies of the music. It all just builds up throughout the song, and you want to just get up and yell out the words and sing with them!!! I absolutely love this cd!!!!!!! It's the BEST!
B000051VWW|5.0|This CD is a must for any Sade fan.   It seems like she hasn't missed a beat even though it's been years since she last recorded. I liked every song.  Also, the CD came with a bonus CD.  What more can you ask for.
0671775308|2.0|Look at the Japanese, they are doing exactly everything what the two authors are talking about and see how their economy is doing now.
B000001ESJ|5.0|Although I love everything Rush has ever done (I've been a fan since 1976), this cd has got to be their best work.  I don't believe in dissecting the music or analyzing the words; I just enjoy the whole package.  The lyrics speak to the fantasy in my soul and, as always, the music astounds and delights me.  Thank you Rush for taking the risk to be outside the mainstream.
0716736241|3.0|Atkins presents quite a bit and there are some flaws (the group section...), but, they nice thing about this book is that it presents quite a bit on the mechanism of reactions and doesn't seem encyclopedic (see my review for Cottons &quot;Basic Inorganic Chemistry, 3rd Edition&quot;) A very good reference. If I were going to teach a two part course in inorganic (maybe one day...) then I would have the first section be mainly based off of Cotton and Wilkinson and then the second section based off of Spessard's &quot;Organometallic Chemistry&quot;. I must strongly say that this is a good comprehensive presentation of the subject which gets into the real down and dirty on the subject...
0780631684|4.0|hey this movie is one of the freakiest jump out of your seat cause that crap was too weird movies to come along in a while type movies,until the first 45 minutes is up.Basicall this dude and his friends are supposed to die in aplanecrash.....they dont, so death is catching up to them cause they cheated it.But after you see the first person die,cmon you know who else is going to die and exactly when every time.LAME.But other than that this movie is darn cool.And how bout that ending?
031286504X|4.0|What a gripping, amazingly well written story!<br />I am Legend, is by far the best vampire story of all time.  Dracula might win in name recognition, Ann Rice's popularized vampires, they all have a color of fantasy to the story.  Matheson's story not only twists the story even darker by focusing on the non-vampire Neville, but sets the story in a realistic, modern (even though it was written in the 1950s!) backdrop.  The effect, is that the vampires become a reality to the reader.<br />It reads much like a diary of a shipwrecked sailor on a remote island - a Robinson Crusoe - following Neville's experiences, triumphs, isolation, and humanity.  Matheson addresses quesions like what does it mean to be &quot;normal&quot; or &quot;human&quot;, and Neville keeps wondering why it is that he fights to live on all by himself, against all odds.<br />The other short stories in this book are delightfully (and disturbingly) well written, but &quot;I am Legend&quot; is by far the greatest.
6300271285|5.0|This is the best musical I've ever seen on a film.  Everybody is quite brilliant, but especially Steve Martin in his role as the dentist (the scene where he sings his anthem is the best in the film, I think), and Tisha Campbell, Tischina Arnold(Pam from &quot;Martin&quot;), and the other girl as the singers.  Rick Moranis is great too, and Bill Murray is great.  The scene between Steve Martin and Bill Murray kind of hints around at some raunchyness, as does the film throughout with lots of taste, humour, and plant food.
6302548195|5.0|Like many others, Im desperately trying to get hold of a copy of this movie? Could anybody help me? Id be really, really grateful. (E-mail to: eposada@der-pr.uc3m.es)
B00000K19E|3.0|With a title like &quot;The Matrix&quot;, and with an actor named Keanu Reeves, I was hoping that this movie was going to be a great vision of William Gibson's stories of Cyberspace, as the movie Johnny Mnemonic was.  I had to make myself go back to see this movie twice, just to make myself accept the fact that this movie was a letdown that didn't do justice to William Gibson's idea of &quot;the matrix&quot;.  The idea that alien cyberspace beings have to breed human beings in order to survive from their body heat, and keep them in a world of illusion called &quot;the matrix&quot;, is so far fetched that it makes it impossible to identify with the movie.  It is also a completely different conception of the matrix than the one Gibson envisions in his books such as &quot;Neuromancer&quot; - a matrix consisting of the world of the Internet and the battles of corporations fought in the world of cyberspace.  If anyone was hoping to see the vision of Gibson's &quot;Neuromancer&quot;, they still have to wait for a better movie.  Until now, they will have to survive with Johnny Mnemonic.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|I didn't notice until the second time I watched it (on this beautiful DVD), but this film is a Midwestern Western: the old cowboy taking his last ride across the land that he loves, meeting up with regular folks and conversing in simple, pithy dialogue, sharing their commonality and then moving on.
0451191153|3.0|I have to say that this book was really a challenge for me to read. When I purchased the book I didn't think that I would like it, but I said what the hell I'll give it a chance, because you never know. It turned out to be very interesting. I enjoyed the way the author used two architects to portray two different outlooks on life. In order to enjoy this book you have to go into reading it with an open mind, and if you don't then the whole point will be missed. Read it you may have a different outlook on life when you've finished. This is the type of book that really makes you think while reading it. So if your in for a challenge I recommend this book.
B000001FI7|4.0|Imagine a James Bond movie directed by Luis Bunuel. This is the soundtrack.
0399146253|5.0|I loved this book. I have read all the Cornwell novels and found this one refreshingly different. She finally was able to give Kay Scarpetta a human face and not just a driven scientist. Her attention to the smallest detail is amazing and, though I have always been fascinated by her forensic knowledge, I especially enjoyed her emotional side in this book. It incorporated so many details from her previous novels and wove them very nicely into the steppingstone of her next book and her new life. I am especially glad that she has finally met a woman (Jaime) that she respects and who equals her own work ethics and expertise. I can't wait to see where the next book takes her as she expands on her old and new relationships in a new venue. Can't wait for the next installment!!!
B0000507UD|3.0|3 Dolla Bill Y'all$ was an awesome CD, LB's best. But then they got really big and it got to their heads: the lyrics got too simple and there was less emotion, less meaning and less creativeness in Significant Other.  They went too rap, wes didn't get to show off all of his talent on SO. But I believe, despite a few songs on Chocolate Starfish, that Lb made up for SO, however still not following up on 3DBY$. The music is better than So but the lyrics could still use much help, the problem may be a lack of things to sing about for fred.  My advice would be to buy 3 dolla bill y'all before buying this cd, if u don't already have it because it is a masterpiece.
0440219078|3.0|Solid start and middle, but it gets pretty weak at the end. A very quick read. People looking for a good sci-fi / political commentary should read Starship Troopers by Heinlein (ignore the horrible movie on it -- it really has nothing in common with the book).
B0000065O1|3.0|Was disappointed that is only one work out when Shape Your Body was 3 work outs.  Exercises were higher impact than Shape Your Body
0449002632|4.0|Rutherford takes on a handful by tackling the history of London and the many permutations the city has gone through since the Romans, but he really does it in style. By tracing a few conspicuous genetic traits, we follow several family lines through the Norman Conquest, the Reformation, Shakespeare, Elizabethan times, the Industrial revolution, WWII, and everything in between. Although events in the lives of the various family members in the novel is written in such a way as to pique one's interest in the parallel historical events of the time, at the end of the novel no one character stands out. It seems, instead, that the same heros and villians are just reborn every chapter. Nevertheless, this is an enjoyable work of historical fiction that will probably become an enduring classic.
B0000026NC|5.0|Pink Floyd proves to be a true dinosaur! These songs are incomparable to anything else ever done. All songs sound heavy, numb. There's some creativity compared to the original versions, but most of it all the songs need not to be changed.<br />Listening to this you drop your work, sit back and imagine being on an endless field with the smell of grass and the setting sun. I am no poet, but Pink Floyd are.
0780619587|5.0|What a sad story! A true story about an Austrialian Pianist David Helfgott with refinements. How he overcome his mental breakdowns to perform on stage again. A pianist struggled to regain self-believe and the courage to play again.<br />Being a child prodigy, David Helfgott was very promising, but been terrorised by a controlling and stubborn father. He lived in fear but yearned to achieve and excel in his piano playing. He tried to run away to pursue his dream but over doing and his lack of self determination and unstable mind drove him to a mental break down (they proclaimed that but I believed if he had treatment earlier...). He was sent to mental institution and stayed there for several years...forcing him to give up his dream but with twist of fate and meeting a soul mate changed his life again... He regained his playing ability and eventually gave his concert performance and now live happily with his love,performing regularly and hopefully fear no more....    Superb performance from Geoffrey Rush. He completely convinced me that he is David Helfgott. He shines in every department, putting in all his heart and soul to this role and totally deserved his Oscar. Truly remarkable and touching.<br />The movie also have great sound tracks, solid classical piano performances from Rush and most of all it made me cried......  I'd read the biography written by Gillian and I must said the movie was very closed attempt to the truth...and Scott Hicks did took nearly 10 years to write it with David's aid and permission. <br />All in all a great contribution to both film and classical music industries.
B00003CX8I|4.0|This is a great movie that really chronicles the beginnings of Rogue, Wolverine and Magneto more than any of the other characters.  It stays relatively true to the X-Men of the comics with some license taken here and there.  I'm only disappointed with the amount of language and inappropriate things in it.  For this reason, I only gave it four stars.  I don't think it would be appropriate for younger kids to see it.  There is also a lot of violence that is a little extreme for younger viewers.  I would highly recommend this movie, however, to the adult and older teen age groups.  The visual effects were spectacular and Patrick Stewert is the perfect Prof. X.  It is set up perfectly for a sequel.  Watch it and enjoy it.
B000007OY0|5.0|Seldom does a movie pull you into the feelings of its  characters. In Shawshenk....you feel as if you have connected with Andy and Red...the 2 main characters. I have seen this movie a half dozen times, I never get tired of it.
B0000024W3|4.0|I feel Self Portrait like Wu Tang Forever hit me.  Decent but doesn't measure up against the past flava.  Dylan's borrowed rhymes is respectable but the production is budget.  The kick-drum bass of &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot; and &quot;Highway&quot; is gone in favor of beats that don't grab ya.  Dylan didn't want to grab heads with grimey, in-the-mud beats, instead wanting to lull  into a stupor to set up the klassics that would soon follow.  For all ya heads that are serious about context, this album is a must.  It perfectly sets up the explosion to come.
6304509154|5.0|&quot;Poltergeist&quot; should arguably be called the best &quot;horror&quot; flick of all time for a number of reasons.  Like I even have to mention, it has great acting (especially children), special F/X, and a great plot.  It also doesn't rely on blood, gore, and death to make it scary.  It is hard to think of it as horror; it is kind of in a class of its own.  If you are looking for a movie to see some night, rent &quot;Poltergeist.&quot;
B00003CX8J|5.0|Like most I was skeptical about how good this movie was going to be.  After seeing such fare as Superman IV, Captain America, or Batman &amp; Robin (shudder), I was probably not alone in this feeling.  After seeing the movie, my opinion changed greatly.  Nine times out of ten, a movie adapted from a comic book will be almost painful to watch.  This flick, however, will eventually enter the Halls of Great Comic Adaptions, alongside The first Superman (1979) and Batman (1989) movies.<br />If you do not watch this movie, you are only depriving yourself of a great movie experience.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Allright this cd is one of the best, hardest and (sic)est cds ive ever heard! There is no way you can beat Slipknots hard core music. The way the cd opens (the whole thing i think is sick) explains the cd basically. Then the song (SIC) kicks in and totally blows you off ur friggin seat! Then it goes into a softer  yet still totally hard Wait and Bleed with amazing vocals by corey (8). (sic)est album ive ever heard!
6302517052|3.0|no,this movie is not scary,nor,is it funney.But it is sure entertaining!This is a great example of a cult classic.It has all the right elements.I liked every part of this movie except Dee Wallce Stone.All she does in this movie is scream her head off!! I also thought the bounty hunter idea was quite stupid but heck with it,it's fun!Enjoy yourself!You might even see this movie on Tv.I just recently saw it on the superstation during Halloween time
B00004Z1MN|4.0|&quot;Frequency&quot; is my kind of movie.  I like the whole communication into the past thing.  It reminds me of &quot;Back to the Future.&quot;  I just saw it and it is very entertaining.  Trust me, if you see it, you will want to see the whole thing.
B000021Y77|5.0|Get the German Version with the English Subtitles.  Yes, the techo music gets annoying but it's a really good movie.  You'll see lots of recurring themes of this in the near future.  How everything you do, regardless of how small, has some impact on the rest of the world.  There's a show on the Discovery channel called Connections with James Burke that details how everything is related to everything else.  Yet it all appears to be a big mess of chaos.  It's beautiful in it's insanity.
B000002IOY|4.0|I'm not sure how highly to recommend this album from the get go, it definetly takes a little getting used to.  I first purchased this album at a time when wearing a metallica T-shirt tended to seclude you from crowds and jean jackets were definetly way to popular.  Over the years this album has done more then grow on me.  It just seems like a staple in Heavy metal, as much a classic as from any other hard rock bands that have entered the lights of main stream popularity or those that still lurk somewhere in the shadows.  To get to the meat of it newcomers will probably have trouble getting used to singer Bobby Ellsworth at times shrill voice, at least I did.  Still, throughout the album he shows a diversity, as does the whole band, to really incorporate diffrent styles and still not loose the inclusive attitude the songs maintain.  From the Thrash and often silly Time to Kill and Elimination to the more introspective and acoustic Years of Decay, to the down right bad a** Skullcrusher this album tends to be more then the sum of its parts.  On a personnel note Who Tends the Fire is what slow brooding metal is all about.  So if your looking for something not always break neck, sometimes silly, sometimes serious, always entertaining overkill is a great grab.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Probably the best thing about this film is that it turn you on yourself.  Once you get into the movie and the fight scenes and start rooting for Maximus you realize that we haven't evolved all that much since Roman times.  Yeah we don't get to chop each other up in public but we're still all turned on by the same things.  And the politics of the Roman empire have an erie resemblance to the politics of the US.  With WWF/WCW and professional sports so popular these days you can see how we're not far off.  So on one hand the film is entertaining.  On the other hand by buying this film you're endorsing the downfall of Rome, which in some twisted way will be a similar to our own fate.  History is yummy like that, it has a tendency to repeat itself.
6301744160|5.0|This is one of the most imaginative science fiction films ever. No Martians or UFOs in this one, just a medical crew traveling through the body of a dying man in a miniaturized submarine in a race to save the man's life. Now who's going to tell me director Richard Fleischer doesn't have an imagination for movies? When a very important diplomat is nearly assassinated, a medical crew is shrunk down to microscopic size and is sent to embark on a journey to save him from a deadly blood clot. Once entering the body, they must make their way through gallons of plasma, bloodied canals, and vital organs and do it before they return to normal size. What a climax! Raquel Welch appears as one of the medical crew and if the imagery doesn't impress you, perhaps that will. There is nothing like seeing a beautiful woman with intelligence to compare (or so says Roger), not to mention the fact that she is wearing a mini skirt and at one point covered in goo. Now that might be something for some of you to behold (Roger coughs). Here's a movie that will entertain you, and at the same time, you might even learn a few things about the human anatomy. Oh, and did I mention this film won Oscars for art direction and special affects? Of course, you might find some of the effects laughable compared to what we can do today with technology, but at the time this movie was something to rave about.
B0000203YT|4.0|Actually, I give this movie 4 1/2 stars. I'm, not a big romance fan, but along with \\"My Best Friend's Wedding,\\" \\"Sleeping With the Enemy,\\" \\"The Titanic,\\" and \\"Everafter,\\" this is a romance that I really have respect and admiration for. Ofcourse, it doesn't hurt that the story is about one of the greatest writers the world has ever known, and gives appearances to 2 of the other greatest writers the world has known. (Marlowe and Webster.) The movie does ofcourse have some historical inaccuracies, but the speculation and adjustments are done in a way so they at least look and appear possible. The scenery is well done, and the acting is most impressive. We are also offered a nice deviation from the typical 'happily ever after' ending. Well, to the footage at hand. The legendary Shakespeare is drawn very well with some human flaws. It is interesting how this early in his career, some events from his later plays found their way into the movie. (Skull from 'Hamlet,' 5.1) (His sorrowful presence at the altar on his knees bears a similarity to Claudius' remorse in 'Hamlet' 3.3) Well that said, the story flows nicely. King Henry VIII's daughter Elizabeth is drawn quite well. (Especially the way her life enables her to feel an understanding for the object of Shakespeare's adoration.) Christopher Marlowe is well drawn as the already established writer who offers some assistance to Shakespeare's play still in the writing stage. (SIDE NOTE: Marlowe's \\"Faustus,\\" \\"Edward II,\\" and \\"Massacre At Paris\\" are some wonderful plays to read.) John Webster was probably not the monster he is portrayed as, but at least his nature kind of hints at the nature of the plays he would write. (His \\"Duchess of Malfi\\" and \\"The White Devil\\" are bloody, but good.) Ben Affleck is fine as the Laurence Olvier of their era. All in all, there is a nice representation of Elizabethan times, some interesting speculation of historical figures, and some well drawn fictional people. If you like this movie, be sureto see \\"Elizabeth,\\" \\"Everafter,\\" and Rupert Everett's (Cliff Marlowe)\\"My Best Friend's Wedding\\" and \\"Midsummer Night's Dream.\\"
6300185311|3.0|Head pains, stomach pains, nausea, insomnia. . . these are only some of the ailments Rock Hudson is suffering from. My gosh. . . he must be severely ill, maybe even on his death bed. George Kimball, played be Rock Hudson is a hypochondriac who frequents his doctor's office; you might even call it his second home. During one of his regular visits, George mistakes a dying man's diagnosis as his own and believes he has only a couple weeks to live. Oh, his poor wife Judy, (played by Doris Day) what will she ever do without her loving husband? Not wanting to leave Judy alone with no one to care for her, George decides not to tell her of his upcoming death and instead find her a new husband. What a guy, right? But as her husband starts trying to set her up on dates with other men, Judy becomes oddly suspicious. Is George trying to cover up his own affair by distracting her? Hudson and Day are a remarkable pair and when you throw in Tony Randall, who plays Hudson's confidant, you got an hilarious comedy trio.
0804106304|1.0|I read The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan because I read some of the reviews for it and it sounded like it was going to be a good book. However, I was very disappointed after I read it because I didn't think so at all.  The book was dull, boring, and hard to follow.   The main reason that it was hard to follow was because it was hard to keep all of the names straight and remember who was who, and who did what, or whose mother they were, there were too many characters. Another reason I didn't like it is because it skips around  between eight different women.  I would have found it more enjoyable if Tan could have found a way to incorporate all of the women's stories into one story.   This book took me longer to read than any other book I've read in a long time. It is way too long for how boring it is. I had no desire to read this book. The only reason I finished it was because it was an assignment for my Modern Fiction class.  I do not recommend reading The Joy Luck Club. Watch the movie.
6305014140|3.0|Holy guacamole! <br /> Just so you'll know where I'm coming from, let me tell you up front that I'm not an anime fanboy.  Not because I don't like it - &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; is the first full-length animated Japanese film I've seen.  So this review will be from the point of view of a neophyte. <br /> The opening of this film is marked by extremely choppy storytelling.  Three separate, apparently unrelated scenes draw us into the movie, creating mystery and suspense.  What's the mysterious plague?  Who are the dark riders?  Well, it will eventually come clear, but in a murky sort of way. <br /> As a neophyte, I was shocked by two things - first, the seemingly low-quality animation, which I've been told is a hallmark of Japanese film, and second, the explicit sexual content.  One reviewer here has suggested that one should not allow a child younger than 13 to see this film.  I don't think I'm a prude, but I would still raise that age to 17.  The rape and torture scenes are somewhat excruciating, and there is one scene with a serpent that is downright horrifying. <br /> That said, there is a certain minimalist beauty to this film that the non-squeamish will appreciate.  The villains are remarkable; a seemingly invincible stone-skinned man, a tattooed woman who controls snakes, a twisted dwarf whose hunchback is actually a wasp's nest built into his flesh - these guys ain't Disney villains, that's for sure! <br /> I watched the DVD with the English dub and the actors were very disappointing - they sounded kind of dull and mushmouthed, like an average American teenager, bringing no drama to their various readings.  Also, they were a little cliched, with the gruff-voiced bad guys all sounding as though they had had colds and the good guys sounding like the cast of Beverly Hills 90211. <br /> Overall, I enjoyed &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; and will probably view other Japanese animated films.  If you aren't easily put off by extreme sex or violence, you may like it, too.
B000001E7T|5.0|This album comes off as something epic, and on the brink of madness. I think this grandeur fits her better than even the scratchy, bloody quality of Rid of Me (her earlier masterpiece, and still one of the best rock records I've ever heard.) TBYML is, I think, her best album yet. But since she is as form-shifting as clay, she may top herself yet. Stories from the City... approaches it. But she will never meld her pain, frustartion, brilliantly simplistic writing and truly outstanding voice this well again. But I will be waiting anxiously for her to do just that.
B000001F5A|4.0|I find it very difficult to recall the individual names of the tracks listed on this CD. They all seem to blur into one. You could consider this a negative comment, because if you're looking for an album to demonstrate the dynamics and breadth of Vangelis' music, this is not the one. However, this in my opinion does not take much away from this excellent album. All the tracks revolve around the central theme of Antartica; comparing this to a classical CD the opening track is the theme, and the rest are the variations. Your are left with a feeling of space, isolation, tranqulity etc... - probably exactly what Vangelis intended for this work.<br />If this is the first Vangelis album you're about to buy then you should probably consider one of his compilations ahead of this; for the established fan, this is a necessary addition to the collection.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Try as I might to stay aware of new artists, my inability to listen to maintstream FM-radio (i.e, Brittany and Backstreet are my idea of the tenth circle of Hell), coupled with the inevitability of aging (&quot;don't trust anyone over 30...I mean 40... uh.....&quot;), means that I don't always find out about new artists unless something new and wonderful gets used in a soundtrack, which I then have to hunt down.  I'm happy to say that the gods finally smiled upon me last week, since the only time in ages that I happened to surf by VH-1 a video from &quot;No Angel&quot; was playing. I bought the CD immediately, and have played it ad nauseum since.  Dido's voice is amazing.  The creativity she shows in her music reminds me strongly of artists like Kate Bush (anyone else remember how cool &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; was?)and Sarah MacLachlan. Dido more than holds her own with &quot;No Angel,&quot; however,  regardless of the inevitable comparisons to other artists.  She was a welcome discovery for me.
0553288105|5.0|There is a lot to be said in favor of this book. It has suspense, a good pace, new ideas in abundance, the opportunity for recognition, interesting new societies to explore, better rounded characters then Asmiov's usuals. It reads swiftly and entertains. For those of you who like puzzles: do try to figure out what Asimov was thinking when he numbered the chapters.But best of all: at last here is a novel dealing with the use and un-use of the brain.<br />&quot;Against stupidity the Gods themselves contend in vain.&quot; Asimov has devided the book in three parts<br />The first part of the book (titled: Against Stupidity) has chosen everyday stupidity as central theme. How people (human and otherwise) are interested more in immediate personal comfort then in learning the thruth. How people seem to avoid to think, if thinking might lead to discovering something unpleasant. And how this opens the possibilities for mismanagement, for praise (and careers) for the wrong people, and (hey, this is SF) for the destruction of our universe. This part can give a the feeling of deja vu and recognition to those working in hierarchical environnements, with it's usual not to bright, trouble avoiding, management. <br />The second part (titled: The Gods Themselves) deals with the bond between intelligence, childlike emotions, and parental instructions, that are also present in every human (see Freud (Es, Ego, Superego) or Harris (I'm OK, you're OK)). Asimov paints an interesting and novel alien universe in which these three parts of us are seperate types of characters, that marry in Triads, and how the unity between the 3 transcents them into something very different from the parts.<br />In the last part (Contend In Vain) the concept of advanced Intuition is explored as a means of knowing things, grasping solutions, without actually having a lot of knowledge on the subject. The setting for this is the utopic society living in colony on the moon. Some genetical enginering is implied, but not proven.<br />A book worth your time and money (which ever comes first)!
B000002KP3|5.0|Marc Bolan the poet, in one fell swoop, changed my life and this album was just the beginning. This is one of those albums that if you've never heard it you will be wondering where on earth you've been hiding for the past 25+ years. From the opening of Mambo Sun, right away you'll know that this is no ordinary trip. Marc's music has stood the test of time and you will get goosebumps when the Electric Warrior begins. Then there is the 2nd track, the beautifully hypnotic Cosmic Dancer, a song about reincarnation. That song alone is worth buying this album. This album is perfect from beginning to end! If you think you know how Glam Rock got it's start...think again and listen to the man that started it all-the late Marc Bolan.
B00004U45G|4.0|There was a great track selection on this album, using Yardbird covers, Fleetwood Mac covers, BB King covers, and of course Led Zeppelin songs.  The music is great.  Jimmy Page plays sloppy, but I've heard he has always done that while playing live.  None-the-less, he still amazes me on this recording.  I could sit down for two hours a day and listen to this album, everyday, and still find something new to amaze me.  Even though Chris Robinson (lead singer of the Black Crowes) strains his voice like Plant, he doesn't do a good job of replicating Plant.   Is that bad?  No. This is Jimmy Page &amp; The Black Crowes, not Jimmy Page &amp; Robert Plant.  Everytime I buy a new album with Jimmy Page on it, it turns me on to a new artist or a new type of music.  That is one of the many reasons I recommend this CD.  Four out of five stars because of the sloppy guitar playing.  Everything else couldn't be much better.
6300268470|5.0|If we all like this western, its because it doesn't take itself seriously like usual westerns do.It's the casting that really makes it fun.Right from the start, its opening scene with the music following the situations ,we are in company of actors who are going all the way to entertain us.RIO BRAVO is after all a joke ,and we are greetful that HAWKS didn't like HIGH NOON.The DUKE is in top shape, but they all are ,from BRENNAN who had played similar characters with JIMMY STEWART ,to DINO who was never better.Finally as a co-star ANGIE DICKINSON was MAUREEN O'HARA's only rival for standing against big JOHN.In RIO BRAVO ,ANGIE matchs him perfectly.Good fun, and easily the best of the so-called trilogy although EL DORADO has its moments.
0375501851|3.0|In response to the review by the ladies in the book club from Bloomfield, CT (October 21) who were baffled by the book's title: white teeth are a common characteristic across all racial divides. I am surprised that they did not pick up on the title straight away- I didn't think it was undecipherable but rather cleverly subtle. A book's title is the main thing that draws me to a book.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|THis is a great selection of probable not all the bests of the beattles. Caution however : I have found the sound quality rather poor. There is no HDCD and it sounds as none of the recent improvement in remastering has been used. Yellow submarine sounds much better on the Yellow submarine CD than on this one for example. Other titles sound harsh and bass shy.
B000002GDJ|5.0|The album starts with &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;- a great single that starts the album just right. Songs #'s 2-3 &quot;Reggatta and It's Alright for you&quot; really rock and #4 &quot;Bring on the night&quot; is a night owl theme that drags you in with the open line -The afternoon has gentle past me by, The evening spreads it self againts the sky, waiting for tommorow, just another day- with a hip beat and nice guitar work by Andy Summers. All the drum work on the album is good and sting really works lyricaly here. &quot;The Beds to Big Without You&quot; is a love song gone funk, and &quot;Does Everyone Stare&quot; will remind you of the first girl that you just could not live without. The Album also has &quot;Walking on the Moon&quot; another huge Police single. This album has the honor of being one of the best air guitar albums ever,Honest just ask Rick &quot; three dudes with no shirts&quot; N.
0553106635|5.0|This book and series is absolutelty the best I've come across in years!  Outdoing even Jordan and WoT!  Mr. Martin does such a great job of developing his characters that you actually starting rooting for them to win and others to lose, and you're left feeling sorrow for the tragic circumstances that befall them.  There were several instances in this book where I was actually taken aback by the turn of events.  If this series continues to be this good, I'm going to be sorry to see it end (unlike WoT which needs to end and soon).
B00004TH6O|5.0|Finally, something new in the world of music that doesn't suck.  These guys blew me away with their first CD and this is no exception.  This &quot;style&quot; is all over the place.  It's incredible.  Do yourself a favor, take a chance, spark up the bong and sit back and put this CD on.....you will be amazed.  This CD is brilliant.  And if you get to see them live....well...that is even better.....A DEFINATE BUY!
B00004X01U|2.0|I always seemed to like Madonna... until this album. No, I hadn't bought any of her albums, but I liked what was played on the radio for its upbeat sound and realitive creativity. <br />However, after buying this album, I see that Madonna, sadly, has little creativity indeed. The lyrics, bland and corny, provoke no interesting thoughts, and the beat nothing but a little light techno. Too bad.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is a breath of fresh air in the sea of talentless entertainers.  I'd be willing to wait another 8 years if she continues to make music like this.  I don't need a new album every six months, Sade is one of the only artist you can be gone for eight years and still have a loyal following.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Woah, woah, woah... for all of those who dismiss this CD because these songs are already available elsewhere, or because it doesn't contain certain tracks let me explain something here. The purpose of realeasing this disc the way they did was to showcase, in chronological order mind you, all of the Beatles singles that went to #1 in either the UK or the US. Also, you can't ignore the fact that these tracks have been digitally remastered (spectacularly I might add... especially the earlier tracks!) In my opinion, this CD is worth purchasing merely for the marvelous remastering job of &quot;Love Me Do&quot; alone! In addition, the obvious dropouts towards the end of &quot;Day Tripper&quot; have been edited back into proper audibility. However, I do have one caveat with &quot;She Loves You.&quot; In the original version, there is a nasty edit where the phrase &quot;pride can hurt you too, apologize to her&quot; is dropped in (apparently from a 45, due to a mangled or missing tape.) The engineers attempted to fix this in the remaster, and they succeeded in bringing that section back down to the same level volume-wise, but right before that phrase they've created an unintentional drop-out that, all in all, almost makes the new edit worse than the original!! Regardless, as an avid Beatles fan/collector, I deem this CD an essential purchase. And that's my two cents. Peace.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna is at it again with her low-down get-down dance up the floor album including her new smash release &quot;Music&quot;. For the past two decades since the age of 24, Madonna has been wowing the music audience with hits like &quot;Vogue&quot;, &quot;Material Girl&quot;, and her re-make of Don McLean`s &quot;American Pie&quot;. Before Madonna releases her albums, the music that blares through a teenager's radio speakers is unpredictable. Madonna has over-the-line musical bounderies which she crossess every time she releases a new hit. Her popularizing electronic and dance music has been hitting critics from behind from day one. Her new hit song is a smash hit and the CD is all to throw a party over.   Many critics say that Madonna is &quot;too old for the type of music she is making&quot; and that she is &quot;going over the line with her expression of her music&quot;. I beg to differ. Who wouldn't like her new single that poeple of all ages can dance to. Not only is this true about this single, but about all other up-beat tempo songs that Madonna has released. Even though she has released some songs that have slowed down the tempo a little, music listeners can still figure out a way to groove to her great music. All in all, madonna really does express good music and can show any &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; a &quot;Ray of Light&quot; to good dance music.
B000000QFV|3.0|First, other than the presence of Tony Iommi, this album has nothing to do with classic Ozzy or even Dio era Sabbath. However, if you can get beyond that, it might actually grow on you, though this is not necessarily a good thing. I bought this after listening to &quot;Sabbath Stones&quot;, a now discontinued greatist non-hits album from their &quot;Are they still around?&quot; era. Anyway, if you like real cheezeball metal, you'll like this. It's so completely irrelevant, it's actually somewhat enjoyable as background music. Just don't buy it expecting killer riffs. Better choices are the new Iommi album and &quot;Plastic Planet&quot; by G//Z/R, both of which have much more to to with the classic Black Sabbath sound.
9998221641|1.0|Way too much &quot;battle&quot; info for me.  Every battle in every city is gone over naming every player involved.  I was hoping to come away more informed about the era via a great story.  But not being familiar with the  French cities and names recited throughout this litany, I was lost.   I listened to 9 tapes before I finally turned it off and gave up waiting for the fighting to end or at least be woven into some kind of  story. I would not recommend unless you are attracted to a boring classroom atmosphere of education.
B000002U82|5.0|I recently wandered about the internet in search of something to buy. As soon as I saw &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; I figured that I should take a dip into a different side of music. Although I have a very wide musical taste, ranging anywhere from Dave Matthews Band to Frank Sinatra, I was never too familar with Pink Floyd.      This CD is filled with psychedelic music from beginning to end, with each song blending into another to form a harmonious band of tunes sure to please anyone. So if you are looking to be pleased and get your money's worth, this CD is a sure bet.
B00004YMVC|5.0|Perhaps more than any artist of his time, David Sylvian epitomizes the description of avant-garde. With music ranging from shimmering gossamer to densly opaque, the thread of his creativity remains consistent. There simply is no one to compare him to - his nuance of sound and poetic eclecticism stand as a body of work that defines its own genre. If there is any downside to this compilation, it is the apparent effort to make his music more accessible by remixes that take the edge off some of his more experimental material. Though one could justifiably say that all of his music is, in any form, experimental. Nonetheless, followers of Sylvian's brilliance will not be disappointed. Those willing to expand their musical horizons can not help but find this work simultaneously challenging and engaging.  In all his permutations, David Sylvian remains a true follower of his muse, rich with otherworldly spirit and anima, yet grounded in the here and now. Those not familiar with his work, and willing to embrace the unusual, will find in Sylvian a compelling musical adventurer.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Have been listening to the Beatles anyway - as a matter of fact, I've been picking up the rare, demos and bootlegs from the Internet and doing my own compilation CDs.  I also own &quot;all&quot; their albums/CDs plus the Red and Blue, Live at the BBC, the three Anthologies...I also listen to new music from today's popular artists.<br />I dreaded the release of &quot;1&quot; but thought I ought to have it, don't ask me why!  I actually waited 2 days before I opened the package.  Once I slipped it into my CD player, I was back in time - actually, it was more like time in suspension - not backwards or ahead - it was simply music that transcend... nothing seemed old, nothing seemed irrelevant.  <br />The Beatles has created music that will be a part of everything in everywhere for everyone for all time!  What is this five star thing?
0441172717|5.0|The story line has been revisited and rehashed by so many people that I don't have much to say about it here.  If you have seen the movie, then you know the gist of the story.   What I do want to write about is the unique nature of Frank Herbert's writing genius.  For all his characters, strange worlds, and fantastical creations, the people of the Dune world are remarkably like Americans in the 20th century.  More so than any writer that comes to mind, even many non-ficition books on the 20th century American fail to capture what Herbert captures. <br />Here are people grappling with religion, government, technology, and environmentalism.  They express concerns over medical technology (cloning, regeneration, etc).  These are not the concerns of the people of the future, they are the ideas that are being debated in our culture now.  It does not surprise me that before becoming a writer, Herbert spent years as a newspaper reporter.  He has a unique conception of the human condition.  I recommend reading at  least until the end of 'God Emperor of Dune' to get a full understanding of Herbert's creation.
6304722303|2.0|Having greatly enjoyed and admired Ridley Scott's superb &quot;Alien&quot;,  there are some unsatisfying points about its sequel &quot;Aliens&quot; that deserve comment, especially considering the gratuitous and exaggerated praise that has been heaped upon it by the many.  These flaws saturate the film, diminishing it beyond redemption, and I want my money back!  First, there are many contrivances of plot and characterization that really grate.  For example, what a coincidence that after 57 years floating in space, the aliens haven't eaten the interim colonizers until Ripley has (a) been retrieved, and (b) had time to be abused by her corporate antagonists (a shabby grab for audience sympathy), when suddenly--&quot;Ripley, we've lost contact with them! We need you now!&quot;.  That's some pretty phoney plotting.  Second, who is this new sequel-Ripley that has this Big Chip on her shoulder?  I realize its the same actress, playing supposedly the same character, but the brave little gal we got to know and admire in the first film was an ordinary person with nothing to prove, trying to do her job under adverse conditions, faced with an inscrutable, overwhelming horror.  This was the basis of our identification with her.  After overcoming not only this horrible predatory creature, but her own fear, her triumph was complete.  THERE IS NOTHING IN HEAVEN OR EARTH THAT COULD BELIEVABLY PERSUADE THAT RIPLEY TO GO BACK OUT INTO SPACE TO CONFRONT THAT ALIEN MENACE AGAIN--including some lame assurance that the purpose is to destroy it, not bring it back.  This is like, some Alice's Restaurant Ripley: Shrink, she wants to kill.  Its ironic how, for entertainment purposes, disbelief can be suspended enough to see a guy in a rubber suit as a carnivorous monster from another planet--but not for such trite transparencies of plot.  The only credible basis for a sequel would have done entirely without the Ripley character in a protagonist role--blasphemy, I know.  But it illustrates the weird fixation upon the Ripley character this sequel begins.  This new Ripley is bristling with hostility and spite, and has no continuity with the character Ridley Scott gave us.  She reminds me of people who joyfully kill any snake, spider, or other animal they encounter that happens to earn its living by predation.  Alienation (how about that) is the new theme of the series.  The alien in the first film was coming to get us, and there was nothing we could do to survive except kill it first, if we could.  That's called character motivation and storyline.  But the second film is about an Ahabesque obsession to exterminate a species on a faraway planet that can pose no threat to us except by us going out there to mess with it.  But instead of giving us a morality play about the brutality of our human nature, we get this movie, &quot;Aliens&quot;.  The hatred-of-nature theme had me feeling sorry for the alien, something I never wanted to experience.  There's also hatred of natural/biological motherhood (embodied by the Queen alien, and Ripley's bizarre fixation upon Newt), hatred of anything remotely male (the film's portrayal of its various male characters as swaggering buffoons, morons, and incompetents), and a very uncomfy, uncozy jostling for post-feminist position on the boy-girl stuff.  This reaches its embarrassing peak in a dialog where we learn that giving Ripley a position signaling device &quot;doesn't mean we're going steady&quot;.  Quite a dismal contrast from the dignity, maturity and understatement of the original's Ripley/Dallas chemistry.  Poor new Ripley has to prove that she's tougher than any man, and certainly doesn't need a man--but not because she couldn't get one if she wanted.  The threat posed by these incongruities is ultimately neutralized by having her simpering boyfriend (who acquires this role by meekly acceding to her controlling demands) get wounded and hustled off screen and out of the plot in the last act.  Whew!  By the way, there's one other guy who is portrayed as okay--since, you guessed it, he's an android, not a biological male.  And what glowing irony, since the android in the first film was Bad.  This stuff goes on and on, throughout the film, dominating its ambience, story and mood.  Almost universally embraced and applauded by critics and audiences alike, &quot;Aliens&quot; is emblematic of how scifi films, once so enjoyable, have become monotonous exercises in technical effects and politically correct scripting.  Its high technical quality (the basis of my giving it 2 stars) only serves to highlight its thematic unacceptability.  For sequels, &quot;Alien&quot; deserved better.
0399146253|1.0|What a marvel it would be if this were indeed Patricia Cornwell's Last Precinct, the one where the Scarpetta and all allied sagas stop and she either packs it in, for lack of broader ideas, or resumes where she left off being a top-class writer, with forensic crime. Since the start disbelief has had to be suspended to a degree: why would every USA-wide serial killer venture into Richmond, knowing only too well that he would there meet his nemesis? And why would every serial killer target specifically, as the apotheosis of his crimes, the forensic examiner most closely connected with those crimes? <br />That said, here coincidence has stretched beyond the various pits into which Cornwell has almost fallen in her last four Scarpetta novels and has tumbled right over into the abyss. Who can read on Page 208 of the forgotten son of Marino and not shudder at the sheer implausibility of it all? <br />What it does is to emphasise, as if it were necessary, that without forensic crime, out-of-the-blue serial killings and the accoutrements of the laboratory, Kay Scarpetta is nothing but a shadow surrounded by characters of dubious credibility: Marino, her niece, a succession of invaders such as Wesley, Bray and the rest of the barely comprehending rat-pack of Virginia and Quantico investigation.<br />The Last Precinct is surely a watershed, and one can but hope that this talented writer will not take any further risks.
B00004SU5J|5.0|This CD has definitely been worth the wait...his first was a pleasure to listen to ...This is more jazzy and very laid back without being boring...bluesy, housey, jazzy music...love it..will get a lot of play in my player...must own and defintely a candidate for the record of the year.
0783225849|2.0|Hitchcock's deliciously black comedy would be brilliant in any aspect ratio, but let the buyer beware. As it was not filmed in a true widesreen format (VistaVision, Cinemascope etc) this is in fact just a clipped version for the 16.9 market. More is, in this case, less.
0440213525|5.0|I liked this book very much, I especially liked how they began the book. Because it kinda shows what the world is really like, and how the people really act..... I like how they show how the FBI &quot;agents&quot; will stop at nothing to get Mark Sway to talk about what he now knows.  But of all the things I liked about this book the thing i liked most was the suspense. For ex. the part near the very end where they go looking for the body i rerall liked how they kinda kept you wanting to turn the page, it was those parts that made me finish the book.....   I did though have some parts that i didn't like, for one I have a bad mouth and am working on it BUT this book just made it harder like at the begining where he is swearing all time... I also didn't like how they are talking about cigarettes ALL the time and it's not just that, thats not even that hard to deal with. The thing i didn't like about that is that they make it look like smopking cigarettes is ok and if you are under stress than you can smoke, BUT you can't soo.... The thing i disliked most about the book is, although there were some &quot;good&quot; parts to this book there was also alot of boring parts that made me want to go to sleep( which i read a couple of times because i did actually fall asleep while reading them). I ahd to read another book also and so now i am going to compare it to this one.    &quot;The Outsiders&quot; by: S.E. Hinton was my other book i thought that this book though short was a good book also. I didn't fall asleep during this book but it was also 400 pgs shorter so thats kinda makes a little sense. &quot;The Client kind of lead on it could have left a few things out, but all in all i liked it better than the outsiders.... For the first 100 pgs I couldn't put it down and then after that I kind of didn't want to read it anymore so yeah.....
0783225849|2.0|Hitchcock's deliciously black comedy would be brilliant in any aspect ratio, but let the buyer beware. As it was not filmed in a true widesreen format (VistaVision, Cimascope etc) this is in fact just a clipped version for the 16.9 market. More is, in this case, less.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I will never buy this album because I already have the 1962-66 and 1967-70 compilations(a.k.a. the red and blue albums). The Beatles 1 contains half of the material that is on the red and blue compilations. Also,The Beatles 1 is not necessary for those who own all of the Fab Four's non-compilation albums(&quot;Please Please Me&quot;,&quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;,&quot;Beatles For Sale&quot;,&quot;With The Beatles&quot;,&quot;Help!&quot;,&quot;Rubber Soul&quot;,&quot;Revolver&quot;,&quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;,&quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;,&quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;,&quot;The Beatles(WHITE ALBUM)&quot;,&quot;Abbey Road&quot; and &quot;Let It Be&quot;). I'd rather there'd be a BEATLES' ANTHOLOGY 4 with alternate versions of the Beatles' solo material.
0783225849|2.0|Hitchcock's deliciously black comedy would be brilliant in any aspect ratio but let the buyer beware. It was not filmed in a widescreen format (VistaVision, Cinemascope etc.), therefore, this is just another clipped version for those 16.9 freaks. More is, in this case, less.
B000051VWW|2.0|I have been a Sade fan since her first album, which was purchased by a friend of mine while doing a semester in London.  I still remember the first time I heard her voice...we were all sitting on the floor in my friend's room, drinking wine, and he put on her album.  Her sultry voice sent shivers down my spine as she sang song of love and betrayal that resonated with my own experience.  It also restored my faith in music during a time when syth-bands like the Thompson Twins were all the rage.  I religiously purchased every Sade album, then replaced them with CDs.  To say that I am a fan in an understatement. However, this last effort did nothing for me.  The music is AWFUL! Sweetback has moved into some type of electronic/new age/easy listening groove that simply does not work, and the drum machines and mechanical beats are an insult to anyone who appreciates real instruments. Sade should get a new band if she ever wants her career to move forward. There's definitely no rush to get this disc.  Get Jill Scott's CD instead.  I have listened to it far more than &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; because it makes me feel the way that Sade used to.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|I just got this CD. Although it has all the # 1 songs, I was hoping they would be the original 45 RPM mixes, and not the LP stereo mixes. It would be nice to have them available without having to purchase the CD single box set.... The version of Help is the one from the LP and not the single version.  The 45 RPM version has never been released on CD except for the CD single. Nothing new here except the packaging, and even that is not very immaginative.
B000002MG1|5.0|Let me start by saying that I think R.E.M is the best Band of the 80's/90's. This is their greatest album, Automatic for the People, which was released in 1992. It made R.E.M win four grammy awards, including album of the year. Their next album, Out of Time, 1994, was also brilliant, and their single &quot;Losing my Religion&quot; was Song of the Year. Also this album was named &quot;Album of the 90's&quot; should I even go on?<br />The CD starts off with 1.) Drive - let me say a good track to help jetstart the album, and a most rocky song that is great to listen to. 2.) Try not to Breath - is a brilliant track with a beating sound that gives us a clear indication of what the entire album is going to be like! 3.) Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite - is a fun, jumbling song, that everybody likes and loves. The taste is superb, and one of those songs that can stick in your heads for a long time. 4.) Everybody Hurts - R.E.M shows that they can have a more mature future, and what better way to express it here. The song about depression and feeling down is good motivation for anyone on the brink of suicidal attempts. It is by far the best song on the album 5.) New York Instrumental No.2 - Gives us a chance to sit back and reflect on what we have heard so far. 6.) Sweetness Follows - is probably the most fitting word for that song, with a beaufiful beginning and exquisite ending. 7.) Monty Got A Raw Deal - Really belongs to the drummer, Bill Berry. The song is a real quiet rock style song, well worth listening to. 8.) Ignoreland - has probably got the most cleverest and exciting lyrics you will ever hear. The song is both exciting and absorbent. 9.) Kiss Me Kitten - is a real casino, Las Vagas song, with a beat that catches the tune, and brilliant singing. Once again Michael Stipe shows his talent to protract his voice. 10.) Man on the Moon - is probably the most well-known song on this album, with Michael Stipe singing about his hero, Andy Kauffman, and his fine &quot;Elvis&quot;impression. Later this movie became a film about him, using the soundtrack. 11.) Nightswimming - is both touching and warm, and it show's Mike Mills talent at piano, along with Stipe's voice, and a catchy slow song, which is definetly in my Top.5 list. 12.) Find the River - shows guitarist Peter Buck show his talent by projecting the real beat and rythme. The song is both beaty and catchy, with the chorous being out of this world.<br />This album - huh, I don't think there will be another album like it, and I can totally see why it was named Album of the 90's. No one I know doesn't like this album, every track is brilliant in it's own way. Everybody Hurts hit Top.3 and 7 other songs made the Top 35 lists.<br />What more can I say? The album's brilliant, will Remain R.E.M's best, but I just can not wait until they release their next album in 2001!
B0000075ZB|5.0|If your to young to remember the sixties,and loved &quot; That,s what friends are for&quot; then Heartbreaker is a must have album for your collection. This is a recording of Dionne at arguably her very best,with her stirring version of Yours, my personal favorite All The Love In The World, Take The Short Way Home, and of course the smash hit Heartbreaker. No true fan of Dionne Warwick should be without this title.
1573226521|4.0|Here's the quick synopsis: Richard, a 24 yo Englishman, escapes heartaches and realities at home by backpacking in Thailand (and it's written in the 1st, and told as if he's sitting around, writing a biography). He hooks up with a French couple and they travel to a legendary beach on an island in the Thai Marine Park (where they join a colony). Richard talks to a dead man, lusts after Francoise, and recons the dope farmers who live on the other side of the island -- things quickly go wrong (surprise, surprise). It's like watching war films and listening to the doors ... throw in a bit of discontented 90s youth and there you go.<br />When I recommend this book, I quite often get the &quot;Oh the Leo Beach movie&quot; stare of disdain. It's very much more than that. This is an intelligent novel that examines the intersection of Vietnam war films on a generation of people who have lived without war, the elite repulsion Westerners have for the &quot;Disneyification&quot; of Third and Second World nations, and the ethnocentric enclaves created within &quot;foreign&quot; territories.<br />This book functions on two levels: as an enjoyable quick read for someone who is looking for a pop culture punch of action and as a text that deserves a closer observation.
B000053GTK|5.0|What a beautiful job they did on this long-awaited Gentle Giant release. Not only is the remastering superb, but the packaging replicates the original &quot;3-D&quot; design of the album cover...complete with textured outer sleeve. But the real treat is the music inside, considered by many to be the band at its peak. In many ways, the tight, sophisticated and creative arrangements on &quot;Glass House&quot; remind me of &quot;The Yes Album.&quot; If you're not familiar with Gentle Giant, this release is highly recommended. It's a perfect appetizer as you &quot;acquire the taste.&quot;
6304711905|5.0|I HAVE SEEN THIS MOVIE IN EVERY FORMAT AVAILABLE (DVD WIDE SCREEN IS BEST) IT NEVER CEASES TO AMAZE ME. THE CHARACTERS ARE AS COLORFUL AS ANY OF DICKENS. THE SOUNDTRACK DESERVES SPECIAL RECOGNITION FOR ITS OVERPOWERING SCORE. THE ACTING INTERPLAY IS THE STUFF OF SEASONED PROFESSIONALS. IN ITS ZEST TO TAKE THINGS TOO SERIOUSLY THE ACADEMY HAS OVERLOOKED WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE NOMINEE AND RECIEPIENT OF THE 1993 AWARD FOR BEST PICTURE. WATCH IT ONCE THEN WATCH IT AGAIN---YOU WILL BE HOOKED.
0812589041|5.0|I checked this book out from my school library because in my school, you have to check out one book, or else. So I grabbed it, remembering that someone said we would read it in high school, and read it. It was so incredibly good. I actually _cried_ at the end, Ender's victory was so gorgeous. It inspired me, something that usually doesn't happen from a book, to write a book, one of my favorite hobbies. This book is extremely good, and the end is so suprising, and Ender's Shadow is good too.
B000000W6R|5.0|Despite the fact that they are b-sides these songs are really good and have all the qualities of classic smashing pumpkins songs.  Landslide is a cover but probably one of the sweetest and most heartfelt songs the pumpkins have done and they've done quite a few of those. Starla is the obligatory 10 minute epic of this album and it is just as good as the other ones.  If you aren't sure about picking this one up, take my word for it, you won't regret it.
B000053GTK|5.0|Why did it take so long to complete the GG catalogue on CD? One of the two best albums from arguably the most musically ambitious and original band in history (the other's The Power and the Glory). Buy it and put it up there with Dark Side of the Moon where it belongs!!!
B000000W6F|5.0|This is the beginning of the Smashing Pumpkins' great career. The only album not built upon hype or fame this is a true masterpiece and shows off the best of the classic pumpkins.  Throughout the years they have modified their sound and become very unique but this album is just great grandeur rock with awesome rocking songs and beautiful ballads. You will not be disappointed with this CD.
0399146253|4.0|This book is just another one in a long line of extremely good reads from Patricia Cornwell.  It returns to discuss some old favorites but it continues to move the story of this woman's life forward.  Her world is changing swiftly and coping with it may be the one thing that Scarpetta is not strong enough to handle.  A very good read.
B000000WA4|5.0|I listen to a lot of different music and have a lot of albums but this one is easily my favorite album of all of them.  I doubt I'll be able to put into words my love for this album and give justice to it but I'll try.  This album works in every possible way, from the atmosphere to the track order as it follows the events of a single 24 hour day in two segments, day and night.  In this way it plays out like a good story but doesn't have to be listened to that way to appreciate like most concept albums do.  There are a whopping 28 songs here and all of them are amazing.  The variety is amazing too from the epic, sweeping Porcelina to the hard-driving Jellybelly to the beautiful In The Arms of Sleep.  Thru the Eyes of Ruby is up there with Stairway to Heaven as one of the best songs ever written.  As I suspected my review has not done this album justice just be assured that there hasn't been a musical achievment this great since The Wall which doesn't compare to this.
B0000039LE|5.0|Halloween is by far the scariest movie ever made.  I saw this movie in 1978 and had to sleep with the lights on for 2 weeks.  Even today I cannot watch this movie at night. This is an atmosphere movie from the beginning to the end.  The Halloween theme music by John Carpenter also adds to the creepy atmosphere.  What a brilliant movie concept!!!
B000006NPY|4.0|I'm all for musical evolution in a band.  In fact, I believe that to become a truly great band you have to evolve over the years.  However with this cd I don't think the Smashing Pumpkins took a step in the right direction.  A main part of this problem is obviously the absense of Jimmy Chamberlain, a drum machine and that other guy just don't compare.  Also, this type of music just isn't the next logical step for this band.  While there are NO BAD SONGS on this album, there are none that are truly special either.  Crestfallen and Tear come the closest but I just can't enjoy it that much.  However there are many people that absolutely love this album and you could end up being one of them so you should definately check it out. Let me repeat again, this is not a bad album but I don't think it is what the Pumkins should be putting out. Machina is a great comeback and an example of where they should be heading musically, and &lt;surprise&gt; it's got jimmy chamberlain on it.
0783226845|5.0|Wow!I could watch this DVD everyday of my life, if only time would permit, and never be less impressed. Al Pacino is absolutely brilliant. It could n't get better than this.
B000000W3G|5.0|The steep price tag and the fact that the songs are b-sides may turn you off to this but if you like the pumpkins you are doing an injustice to yourself.  The &quot;b-sides&quot; to one of the greatest albums ever are still better than a majority of the music available out there.  As much of a variety as on mellon collie and seemingly organized by musical style there isn't a bad song on here.  This is a gift from a band that gives us a 28-song double cd and then the year later a box set with 28 more new songs on it, that is unprecedented, 56 songs in the space of a year, what more could you want?
B00004WKII|4.0|This is incredible. 30 years after his death Jimi is still spitting out records, box sets, and autographed guitars!<br />On January 1st, 2001 he will have a press meeting and announce that he is still dead and is working on new material for his next album and have a world tour to support it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins have put out a lot of great music throughout their career and this one is a must-have in terms of music in general. This is not my favorite or even second favorite Pumpkins album but personal favorites aside this is their defining album.  The one that announced their presence to the world and converted millions of fans.  It's no surprise either once you listen to this album.  From the churning guitars of Cherub Rock all the way up until the sweet aura of Luna this album will blow you away.
0064407667|5.0|At first I was expecting a boring book about how the kids miss their parents or something. But I took a chance at reading it coz I was curious about the bads things that were going to happen. And they do really happen. I recommend it to anybody who's searching for something intriging and amusing to read.
B00004YZFR|5.0|The movie had already displayed the Stones at their peak - everything they've done since is compared to the bench-mark they set during this period - and the DVD is a MUST own.<br />The picture and sound of the DVD version are un-real.  When the full surround of the Digital 5.1 kicks in, you won't believe this was recorded 31 years ago. <br />The extras are great.  The eerie vibe of the KSAN &quot;day-after&quot; Altamont broadcast alone is worth the price of the DVD.  The 3 extra songs, although not near the qaulity (picture or sound) of the songs in the movie, are great clips.<br />This is the best visual Stones that exists...
0553213105|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is just AMAZING! Once you begin to turn the pages you just can't stop! I've read it five times and I still read with the same number of heartbeats(which must be like 1000 per minute!) Pride and Prejudice is one of the best books in the world.  I just love the story of five sisters and their foolish and funny mother who thinks about nothing but marrying her  daughters. Mr Darcy ,who marries Elizabeth, is my all time favorite male novel charachter. His passionate love for Elizabeth and his incredibly romantic nobleness will make him a favourite with female readers.There are people who consider the book boring , but if it is because of the Victorian English I think it just makes the book more classic and valuable.
6305327041|5.0|I have seen this movie numerous times and I think it gets better and better each time I watch it. I think that the funniest part is when The bell boy is asked to babby-sit Antonio's children. All hell breaks lose. But this movie is funny all around. All the stories in it are equaly funny. It is one of the most worthy purcheses i have ever made. A definit buy.
158234082X|5.0|This is not all gritty expose, not all personal memoir, not all culinary manual.  It has elements of all three, though.  It's highly readable, very engaging, and fun.  Bourdain brags.  Of course he does!  He's self-congratulatory, arbitrary, and absolutely convinced that he is right.  That, in my experience, is what chefs are.<br />As a former line cook, I appreciate the credit that Bourdain gives to the people in the trenches.  To give you an idea of how closely his experiences on the line match with mine, after reading this book, I started to get nostalgic for my cooking days.  This means something, because, for the most part, my cooking career consisted of low pay, blood, burns, sore feet, unbearable heat, and unending stress.  In any case, this book made me nostalgic enough to go out and find a place to volunteer my cooking skills, just so I could be back in a &quot;real&quot; kitchen.<br />If this book is true enough to make me consider (even for a second) giving up computer programming to go back to cooking, it's true enough for anyone.
B000051VWW|2.0|Sorry, folks but this one is terrible.  I am a big Sade fan buying her albums from day one and really loving them.  I also love the fact that they kept getting better and better - up until this one unfortunately.  When I first heard the single on the radio I thought it was ok but couldn't understand that horrible guitar squeek.  Much to my amazement, the whole album has that annoying sound throughout.  I could get used to that (unprofessional as it is) but the whole album (a mere 45 minutes) sounds like a practice session of all the songs that got rejected from the real album.  It is annoying, repetitive, and not SADE at all.  It sounds more like a contractual obligation album.  This one is a stinker!  If you want the real thing, start with LOVE DELUXE and work your way backwards. Try again SADE!!
158234082X|5.0|This is not all gritty expose, not all personal memoir, not all culinary manual.  It has elements of all three, though.  It's highly readable, very engaging, and fun.  Bourdain brags.  Of course he does!  He's self-congratulatory, arbitrary, and absolutely convinced that he is right.  That, in my experience, is what chefs are.<br />As a former line cook, I appreciate the credit that Bourdain gives to the people in the trenches.  To give you an idea of how closely his experiences on the line match with mine, after reading this book, I started to get nostalgic for my cooking days.  This means something, because, for the most part, my cooking career consisted of low pay, blood, burns, sore feet, unbearable heat, and unending stress.  In any case, this book made me nostalgic enough to go out and find a place to volunteer my cooking skills, just so I could be back in a &quot;real&quot; kitchen.<br />If this book is true enough to make me consider (even for a second) giving up computer programming to go back to cooking, it's true enough for anyone.
0446310786|5.0|I taught this book in summer school, and every chapter had a wealth of vocabulary words, not to mention a great story with many underlying themes to be explored in discussion and essays.  An all-around great book that touches on many important issues like race and prejudice; filled with wonderful southern characters.  I showed &quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot; in class to give the kids an idea of life in rural Alabama during the depression, then started a three week study of the novel.  It is one of my favorites and should not be missed by anyone: teacher, student, or lover of American literature.
158234082X|5.0|This is not all gritty expose, not all personal memoir, not all culinary manual.  It has elements of all three, though.  It's highly readable, very engaging, and fun.  Bourdain brags.  Of course he does!  He's self-congratulatory, arbitrary, and absolutely convinced that he is right.  That, in my experience, is what chefs are.<br />As a former line cook, I appreciate the credit that Bourdain gives to the people in the trenches.  To give you an idea of how closely his experiences on the line match with mine, after reading this book, I started to get nostalgic for my cooking days.  This means something, because, for the most part, my cooking career consisted of low pay, blood, burns, sore feet, unbearable heat, and unending stress.  In any case, this book made me nostalgic enough to go out and find a place to volunteer my cooking skills, just so I could be back in a &quot;real&quot; kitchen.<br />If this book is true enough to make me consider (even for a second) giving up computer programming to go back to cooking, it's true enough for anyone.
0061091480|4.0|This book is a good place to start to figure out what areas you need help in, like anger or jealousy, etc.  I think that writers Dr. Phil McGraw and Gary Zukov, and men of that ilk, read this book when it first appeared in 1977 and based a lot of their ideas on it.  I really enjoyed this book, but it is only the first step to self-healing.  Read it, then move onto other books that concentrate on your needs.  For me that was &quot;Seat of the Soul&quot; by Garzy Zukov.  But for you it might be another book.  Deepak Chopra is a good place to go from here.  He and Dr. Dyer collaborated on a few projects, and I enjoy their talks on PBS that are run during fund drives.  Good luck in your journey!
B000002BE9|4.0|Fiona is a great poet and great songwriter. The lyrics of each song are so vivid and strong that they piece together a story phrase by phrase. The goal of poetry is to communicate the feelings of the poet as accurately as possible, and Fiona has succeded in blending connecting metaphores till they achieve that goal in all but the most dead of us.<br />The only issue I have with this album is that Fiona is a good poet and a fair singer, but, she is only a fair singer. She displays skill in using what she has, but her voice is more of a 4 than a 5.
0380796090|4.0|I picked this puppy up at the Goodwill Book Fair (an event not to be missed for folks who like their dirt-cheap books) last weekend. The cover was pure cheese, but I'm a sucker for anything that has been granted a favorable nod from the NYT Book Review, so I decided to splurge and pay the 90 cents to get it. What a find! Marian Keyes is a gifted writer -- not in any academic high-falutin' sort of way -- but in a way that you'd like your best friend to talk. She's hilarious, and her descriptions of the misadventures of the muddled Claire had me laughing out loud. Ms. Keyes has a way of writing about life that makes the reader exclaim, &quot;That's exactly it!&quot; I thoroughly enjoyed the novel, though I have to agree with another reviewer that Claire's dealings with James at the end of the book were the weakest parts. Perhaps a little more than the cursory glance at their relationship at the onset of the novel would have helped that out a bit. Overall, a pleasurable and humorous read, full of clever insights.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Whatever else you might think or feel, the idea of a single-disc Beatles compilation without &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Revolution&quot; is outrageous. One would think that the Beatles, as the most famous, popular and respected (?) rock 'n' roll band of all time, wouldn't need to to give justification (e.g. chart position) for the selections on any collection they chose to put out. In this case it seems like their choice to do so was an attempt to disguise what is in actuality a rather redundant piece of &quot;product&quot;. I understand the realities of the music business, and this is certainly a hefty slab of great music for the price, but for God's sake! If you're going to cop out and reduce your legacy to a single disc, at least have the decency to pick the best songs, the ones that really deserve to be there. Don't cut off your nose to spite your face, and don't think that using the unifying thread of chart position will make it seem like something other than what it is...  a Greatest Hits album!
B000021XS0|5.0|I believe that reincarnation had nothing to do with this story.  The music was fab and as usual, Mike once again proved that he is without a doubt he is the best percussionist in the world.  I think that Nicholas had a dream about what happened th Victoria.  So he went to get counseling.  The psyc. was the Maricale and after he realzed what Nicholas was starting to discover, he killed him.
0446677450|5.0|This book breaks down the basis of financial independence, and make it simple enough for an 8 year old to understand.  The book allows you to learn through examples and diagrams.  If you are looking for a way to understand accounting this book will teach you the basics.
B00004S367|5.0|Like most of the fan reviewers on this site, I believe that &quot;Music Of My Mind&quot; is among the most underrated of all Wonder's albums; although generally conceded by most as a  good release and the beginning of his classic period, it is always considered minor when compared to what came after. However, not only is &quot;Music Of My Mind&quot; equally as strong as &quot;Talking Book&quot; and &quot;Innervisions&quot;, it is superior to the bloated &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot; and sounds fresher than any of the above thanks to its underplayed status.  The album begins with the innovative keyboard funk of &quot;Love Having You Around&quot; and then moves right into the epic &quot;Superwoman&quot;, one of the most touching and emotionally complex songs in Wonder's repertoire; his use of synthesizers in the second half is disarmingly graceful.  The album then coasts from there: tracks like &quot;Happier Than The Morning Sun&quot; and &quot;Girl Blue&quot; utilize unusual keyboard arrangements and low-key vocals to project an aura of understated pleasure which manages to get under  one's skin with ease.  &quot;Keep On Running&quot; is another epic, which consistently builds its tension before streaking to  an incredibly hot finish, which moves right into &quot;Evil&quot;, one of the most appropriate closing numbers on any of Wonder's albums.  The album is unified in theme and feel, more than a bit influenced by &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, and there is not a single weak track to be found.  Instead of the politically-conscious Stevie found on his next few (brilliant) releases, &quot;Music Of My Mind&quot; seems to come straight from his own soul, and avoids all of the soppy sentimentality and attempts at grandiose statement that mars his more recent work.  If you're a Wonder fan, this one is a must, and if you are just getting into  him, this is also one of the first you should purchase.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Wow !! What an album ! This album does justice to the Beatles that reached 27 times number one in the US and UK. And this was achieved within only a seven year span of creative recording. How many other bands will ever get close to that number ?  What to think of the fact that no songs from &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; or &quot;The White album&quot; are represented. This is because the Beatles were so creative that they wrote the singles (sometimes as double A-side) additionally to the albums. Paperback Writer, Day Tripper and We Can Work It Out weren't included on Rubber Soul. Penny Lane wasn't included on Sgt. Pepper. Hey Jude and Lady Madonna weren't included on &quot;The White Album&quot;. All these songs were deliberately released before their respective albums. For anyone who feels that this collection might not be representative for the career of the Beatles I have one advice: buy any of the above mentioned albums and you obtain another impeccable collection of beatles songs.
6305291489|5.0|Loved this film, Lindsey Lohan is sensational. A funny clever actress who got both parts so right. I have seen the original many times but i much prefer this. Although they twins are younger then Susan and Sharon, they are much more knowing ( the scenes between Hallie as Annie and Meredith,)- they are kids of the 90's, where divorce affects most children. I love the subtle displays of insecurity, Hallies &quot;cuppy&quot; and Annie's small appeitite.  The sound track was perfect, and moving to context with the scenes. ( Here comes the Sun as Hallie, goes to the studio with the Mum she just met.)<br />I loved Natasha Richardson too, the mother and Nick's girlfreind are successful career woman, Dennis Quaid is great too.  This version makes the original look old fashioned and Haliey Mills seem very stiff and proper.
B00004XONN|1.0|This album sounds like Radiohead rooted around in the garbage bin outside Aphex Twin's recording studio, found some outtakes, and laid Thom Yorke's patented whine-drone over them.
0679745203|4.0|This is one of those books that deserve whatever literary award they win. It's just too much of a classical and well-researched piece of work. From the deserts of Libya, through the lounges of the Geographical Society in London and Cairo to the Florentine countryside of Italy. This book takes you on a guided tour of several historical places and times.<br />But by far the best attribute of the book is in its characters. The yarn revolves around the English patient (AKA Almasy), an adventurer and an avatar of knowledge- who suffers from the worst possible burns- and the way he influences all those around him. Hanna, the nurse who has vowed to stick by the English patient's side no matter what, Carravaggio, the brilliant thief whose hands are mutilated after an operation gone sour. There is also Kip the Sikh, the young sapper who falls in love with Hanna. They are the dwellers of the Villa San Girolamo. They are all fascinated by the English patient in their own different ways.<br />Enter the trail of the Gulf Kebir in the Libyan desert. Here you'll find Maddox, who goes back home and just can't stand the hypocrisy in the Church supporting the War effort. He eventually takes his own life right there in the Church. The Cliftons (George and Katherine). Fresh out of English Ivy League, George flies to Egypt with his newly wed, Katherine, to join Almasy and Maddox on the trail of the Gulf Kebir. Katherine Clifton turns out to be the nemesis of the English patient. Their adulterous love is of a self-destructive kind.<br />The dropping of the \\"A\\" bomb on Japan eventually disenchants Kip. This just totally tears him up. Hanna eventually loses him. They all return home to new lives after the war.<br />This makes very good reading for those who don't like rushing books. The painstaking attempts by the author at describing the peculiarities of the African desert, Herodotus' accounts, Kip's bomb disarming operations, and the English patients' narratives, might turn out to be boring for some. But they are all part of what gives this book that edge that I enjoyed so much. It is surprising that this is a work of fiction. It really comes alive as you read on. I really must go back to this book once more.<br />A must read!
B00003CWTH|1.0|This movie was trying to make a point that could have been done in half an hour, or in that actual first 10 minutes of the movie.  I'd watch the dvd again to see if i missed any other points but i'd rather be at the dentist for 3 hours.<br />Anderesen is a failed wanna be Quentin Tarantino, atleast Tarantino keeps you interested.
0679745203|4.0|This is one of those books that deserve whatever literary award they win. It's just too much of a classical and well-researched piece of work. From the deserts of Libya, through the lounges of the Geographical Society in London and Cairo to the Florentine countryside of Italy. This book takes you on a guided tour of several historical places and times.<br />But by far the best attribute of the book is in its characters. The yarn revolves around the English patient (AKA Almasy), an adventurer and an avatar of knowledge- who suffers from the worst possible burns- and the way he influences all those around him. Hanna, the nurse who has vowed to stick by the English patient's side no matter what, Carravaggio, the brilliant thief whose hands are mutilated after an operation gone sour. There is also Kip the Sikh, the young sapper who falls in love with Hanna. They are the dwellers of the Villa San Girolamo. They are all fascinated by the English patient in their own different ways.<br />Enter the trail of the Gulf Kebir in the Libyan desert. Here you'll find Maddox, who goes back home and just can't stand the hypocrisy in the Church supporting the War effort. He eventually takes his own life right there in the Church. The Cliftons (George and Katherine). Fresh out of English Ivy League, George flies to Egypt with his newly wed, Katherine, to join Almasy and Maddox on the trail of the Gulf Kebir. Katherine Clifton turns out to be the nemesis of the English patient. Their adulterous love is of a self-destructive kind.<br />The dropping of the \\"A\\" bomb on Japan eventually disenchants Kip. This just totally tears him up. Hanna eventually loses him. They all return home to new lives after the war.<br />This makes very good reading for those who don't like rushing books. The painstaking attempts by the author at describing the peculiarities of the African desert, Herodotus' accounts, Kip's bomb disarming operations, and the English patients' narratives, might turn out to be boring for some. But they are all part of what gives this book that edge that I enjoyed so much. It is surprising that this is a work of fiction. It really comes alive as you read on. I really must go back to this book once more.<br />A must read!ing for some. But they are all part of what gives this book that edge that I enjoyed so much. It is surprising that this is a work of fiction. It really comes alive as you read on. I really must go back to this book once more.<br />A must read!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Well, first I can say, I am not a fan of Brad Pitt. I would of thought that he was a female draw, bringing nothing for the guys. For that reason, I did not see this at the theater, I could of but I did not. However, now that I viewed it on DVD, I have a new apprecation for the actor. He brought to this film, a street wise, who gives a damn attitude that made this film what it is. I can not say I am going to run out and see every film of his after seeing this, but just give apprecation. Edward Norton, well I have been a fan of his for a while. Supporting People vs. Larry Flynt, Keeping the Faith amoung others. So that was an even and great match to me.<br />The film has so many twists and turns that it will keep your head spinning. I went in to this film, awaiting a hoorid movie, and came out thinking what a great job. The black humor sticks all throughout the film. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt make a club, a fight club were they can get their pent-up, oppressed anger out, the natural way, no drugs needed, maybe a beer and a smoke after words. If you do not understand the plot, it is as simple as that. Well not really, it actually more clogged and eroded than you can imagine. <br />The DVD review...<br />This DVD is packed, leaving anyone with a smile on their face. Two featurets and tons of &quot;spots&quot;. <br />So, I am suggesting that you should view this film, even if you do not like the actors or what have you. It is 5 out of 5 and maybe to violent for some but, well...<br />Hoped I helped you either way,<br />R__Y__A__N___A__N__
B000001ABD|4.0|First off, let me just say that if I had all the money in the world, Stevie Wonder and Al Green would be singing at my wedding. I LOVE THEM.  So, the fact that I gave this CD four stars has NOTHING to do with Mr. Wonder.  If I hadn't said it before, I LOVE HIM.  The only reason I gave it four stars was because &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot; and &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; are not on it.  Other than that, it's Stevie Wonder, people... BUY IT.
B00000DBXL|4.0|I think this CD is awesome! I've had it for almost a year and I still listen to it all the time - it never seems to get old to me. The songs sound really cool with the great bass, drum, and horn parts. The lyrics are great too. I like just about every song on the disc. If you love and appreciate good music then you've gotta get this CD.
B0000025RI|5.0|While he has been tabloid fodder for the past 15 years, there is no way you can deny this album.  All 9 songs on it are classics.  The cd almost reads more as a Greatest Hits compilation because 7 of the 9 tracks were huge hits.  Michael Jackson has never topped this album, but very very few artists have.
0451191153|5.0|Where to begin, where to begin.  This book is quite possibly the best I have ever read.  Sure it is challenging, but the time spent wrapping yourself into and very well becoming the characters is worth every second.  The fact that it still enters my mind after having read it 6 months ago is a true example of the potential impact it can create.  I suggest this book to anyone who feels that todays world and standards just don't hold true to what your heart is telling you.  Read it, but don't stop there.  To grasp the true meaning you have to really hear what the book and it's author is telling you.  Amazing.
B00003CXFG|5.0|I watched Pitch Black for something to do to waste time on a Saturday afternoon. I expected cheezy special effects and shallow characters and a really dumb story. Needless to say I was wrong on all counts. Pitch Black uses the power of suggestion to scare a watcher. This is to me very horrifying. The fact that the &quot;creatures&quot; are not seen is very scary. I have to say that the digital special effects were very convincing. I'm not big on computer generated effects but the ones in Pitch Black were realistic enough to NOT be called cheezy. The characters were not &quot;shallow&quot; by any means. Vin Diesel plays an excellent tough guy. I started out hating the characters- by the end of the movie I liked and appreciated them. Lastly, the cinematography and use of color accents is outstanding. In all, Pitch Black is a very well produced and entertaining movie. I highly recommend it to any sci-fi fan.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is a wonderful combination between happy and sad, the songs don't kid you, they don't tell you everything is going to be okay, but they let you know there is hope. It's got the hit singles Affirmation, Hold Me, I Knew I Loved You, The Best Thing, Crash and Burn and The Animal Song on it... as well as some wonderful ballads such as The Lover After Me and I Don't Know You Anymore. And perhaps the best song Savage Garden song ever written &quot;The Lover After Me&quot;, telling the story of Darren Hayes' life.
B000002JK4|4.0|Robert Plant continues to demonstrate why he is the best vocalist in rock history.  His solo efforts are far removed from his Zeppelin material, yet the voice won't be mistaken.  &quot;The Principle of Moments&quot; is Plant's second solo effort and further expands his songwriting capabilities in his post-Zep era.  Robbie Blunt is also a very under-rated guitarist (also quite different style from Mr. Page).  I played this album to death in high school, but it still sounds great almost 20 years later.  Robert Plant could sing lyrics from the phone book and sound good.  A definite must.
B000051VWW|3.0|I've been a Sade fan ever since the album Stronger Than Pride. So you can only imagine my happiness when I heard she was coming out with Lovers Rock, but I'm sorry to say this album is disappointing. It's refreshing to have Sade back, in a year of talentless entertainers and singers, but in Sade standards, this album isn't the best. It can't hold a candle to Love Deluxe, which in my opinion was the best R&amp;b and jazz album of the 90's. There are some great albums on the song though, such as &quot;King Of Sorrow&quot; and &quot;All about Our Love&quot; and &quot;Sweetest Gift&quot;, but it can be better. I never imagined skipping tracks on a Sade cd, but with cd, I have to. If your person who wants to listen to something other than the crap we have been hearing on the radio this year, your appreciate the touching lyrics, and Sade's soothing voice. But if your die-hard Sade fan, let me just say it is worth the $15, but Sade has better
0671775308|2.0|This book is heavy with surveys and statistical information that all say the same thing...showing the world you have money does not mean you have money.  Save, save, save!  I just saved you 11 bucks.
0618001905|2.0|Well, well, well... I found all the previous reviews intertaining but also disturbing at the same time. Here are people who have little to NO way to tell the veracity of the content of this book writing down their feeling about a slice of history they don't know anything about. That Leopold II was a rather controversial character is well known and documented. He was no saint. But the book is seriously flawed because while half of what is being said is true the other half is pure crap! And the result is a wonderful fiction with a vilain that only a novellist would dream of. At the end very far from fact and history.  Same regarding the colonial time of Belgium in Africa which was hardly a example of good colonialism but which one was ? Not defending them at all, Belgium's colonial time was by far not the worst. Look to the British colonies for that matter. At the end I am very disturb not by this book in particular but by the fact that as time pass some writer can write just about anything, taking great liberty with facts, making a travesty of history, getting away with it, and on the top of it reaping fame and praise from an uncritical crowd. This book could be placed not too far from those revisionist books that claim that WWII German extermination camps didn't really exist. With the insatiable American love for fictions we can prepare ourselves for more of that kind of &quot;histories&quot;... As a last word, I like to add that I never take the time to write a review on a topic on which I am not familiar.
6303426468|5.0|Without question, an under-rated, subversive, classic farce, and a study of total inversion.  Examples of the latter include <br />Arnold - the Last Action Hero becomes a sensitive &quot;Mommy&quot;?<br />Danny DeVito - usually plays the heavy; now plays the major sympathetic role in the movie<br />Emma Thompson - takes a break from the Shakespeare in favor of physical comedy<br />As many other reviewers have stated, this movie is also a realistic and side-splitting look at pregnancy.  <br />The subversion is its underlying pro-life theme:  &quot;My body, my choice&quot;, inverted.  This is so politically incorrect that I often wonder how Reitman got away with it.<br />To the Aussies who reviewed this a while back:  What the hell were you expecting?  A Predator sequel, maybe?  Yeah, I remember when I had my first beer.....
0399146253|5.0|I loved it.  Couldn't put it down.  It really went into Kay Scarpetta's history.  It was nice to finally have insight to how she ticks.  I cannot wait for Patricia's next book!  Wonder if (when) &quot;Jay&quot; and &quot;Bev&quot; will return in the future???  GREAT JOB, Patricia!  Was also great to hear you on the radio (WXKS - Kiss108) during your recent visit to Boston.
B00000AD94|5.0|This debut CD of Spock's Beard is certainly one of the best works done in the 90s. It contains four tracks only, so you can guess that the music must be monumental. It clearly is - highly complex, versatile music with odd metrics and a heavy keyboards. A must-have for Gentle Giant fans!
B00003CX8I|5.0|I want to say that I don't think they could have picked anyone better to be Wolverine in the X-Men movie. If you look at Hugh decked out as Wolverine, he actually is Wolverine personified, as was Chris Reeves when he portrayed Superman in the Superman movies. I think that with Hugh bringing Wolverine to life in the X-Men movie, it's going to have a great impact on the way he (Wolverine) is portrayed in the comic books, because now we have all got a grasp on the actual physically human side of wolverine that a drawing cannot give. The portraial of all of the X-men was everything that I hoped it would be.  I was a bit skeptical about there being mad a live-action X-Men movie, because of the amount of difficulty that their powers and basically the marvel universe would be to make into a live-action movie, but it met my approval very much.
6305665753|5.0|JUST BUY THIS MOVIE IT'S ANOTHER TRU CLASSIC FROM THE ITALIAN STALLION.BUY THIS MOVIE NOW.
0783222149|5.0|The adrenaline rush that comes from this movie really does not compare to many other adventure movies, in the sense that Curtis Hanson Keys into the human instinct of survival. Building upon themes found in the movie Deliverance, Hanson slowly strips away the elaborate city lives of the individual characters and sets them foth as animals in a stunningly beautiful landscape. Such a wonderful psychological experiment alone would be worth the dvd, but the scenery, and cinemetography are spectacular. What makes this movie, though, a classic, above all is the CHARACTERIZATION. The reality of this movie is brought to us by the characters. A viewer may easilly get the feeling that them or a neighbor of theirs could have easilly been put in this story and that makes you feel that much more for the characters. The fears, the paranioa, the abolute lunge for survival race not only on the screen but through your very own blood. This movie is an experience that every active mind should have the pleaure of ingulging in, and I hope that you are able to experience this classic on DVD, because it is truly a masterful creation.
B0000025WQ|5.0|Cyndi Lauper and her breakthrough album are classics.  The new wave sound meets zany persona was a perfect combination.  Time After Time is a classic song (written by Cyndi) covered by many artists.  The other songs such as She-Bop and Girls are amazing, and no other songs are similiar to them.  And that powerful voice!  Cyndi's amazing larger than life talent eztends to her acting (check out The Opportunists with Christopher Walken) and the amazing live performances she gives  (Girls with Guitars - Women Rock on Lifetime was a great example of this).  People should also check out her newest song on The Rugrats in Paris soundtrack.<br />Cyndi is one of the most underrated performers and songwriters, largely because of attention paid to her outrageous look and persona.  I  always liked her more than Madonna, largely cause I found her more UNUSUAL and less contrived.  But comparisons are unfair. The only thing they have in common are they are both female singers. Madonna is a constant image changing performer and clever businesswoman (I do like her by the way).  While Cyndi is a rare free spirit (more oddball really) with  completely different ideas.  One thing is for sure, that she has definitely made her mark in music and entertainment.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I went to see Gladiator in the theater.  Spartacus?  Braveheart invades Rome?  No story and lots of blood?  Well, I was right about the blood and wrong about everything else.  Ridley Scott's epic vision of a wronged and enslaved Roman general, of political corruption, of revenge and honor is a prime example of what a good movie ought to be.<br />Russel Crowe (L.A. Confidential, The Insider) plays Maximus, the Roman Empire's greatest general, who is betrayed by the dead emperor's son (played by the film's only flaw, Joaqin Phoenix) is first enslaved, then by becoming a gladiator he gradually works his way back to Rome to find his family murdered, which only throws salt on his wounds.  The story of injustice righted is highlighted by spectacular action sequences that are extremely violent and realistic (which is what initially kept bringing people back to see the film in theaters) but the story is involving (thanks to Russel Crowe's brilliant performance) enough to warrant repeated viewings.  All in all Gladiator is the best movie of 2000, period.  Nothing released this year will match the beauty and grand scale of this film.  So if you like good movies make sure you get your copy of this wonderful film.  Expect plenty of Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations (and wins) for this film, for direction, acting, cinematography, and special effects no other film has delivered the goods in such a spectacular package this year.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|The red and blue albums are better choices if you're looking for greatest hits albums--they red album has &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; &quot;All My Loving,&quot; &quot;And I Love Her,&quot; and &quot;In My Life.&quot;  The blue album has &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; &quot;Sergeant Pepper,&quot; &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends,&quot; &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; &quot;Revolution,&quot; &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps,&quot; &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; and &quot;Across the Universe.&quot;  None of these songs make it onto Beatles 1 because none of them were No. 1 singles in the US.<br />Of course, if you really like the Beatles, it's worth the investment to buy all of their individual albums.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I think its a very entertaining movie. Its also better action wise than the first Mission.
0671891634|2.0|Lynch goes to great length explaining how he managed the Magellan fund and how he picked his stocks. More than half of the book is devoted to details about companies or industries that may be very interesting for those who make a living out of this, but that amount to noise for the amateur investor.<br />It is remarkable how he admits at the beginning of the book how he has wasted so much time at work when he could have devoted it to his family and to life-enriching experience, and how some boys he met at a school were able to pick stocks that consistently outperformed the S&amp;P500, to then spend some 300 pages explaining to the reader how he actually wasted all that family time in trying to beat the market.<br />The reader should notice that Lynch got immensely rich because of his commission as a fund manager (he says it was some $15M a year), NOT because he traded with his own money. The only clear vision I got from this book is that Lynch outperformed the market because he was passionate about his job, but most fund managers will settle for underperforming the S&amp;P500 because, in the end, the commission on a multi-billion-dollar fund, however such profit may be, will always be a fat cheque.<br />Don't expect to be able to pick better stocks from the lessons in this book unless you are willing to put the equivalent of a full-time job on it. Any of the lessons that may be useful for the amateur can be read with much more insight and pleasure in other boks such as Fisher's &quot;Common Stocks, Uncommon Profits&quot;.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I loved X/O and Either/Or - this one has taken longer but in the end is far and away his best - and thats saying ALOT. Two levels of songs here - Son of Sam, LA - more straight ahead type and the unmatched soaring melodies of Everything Means Nothing to Me, Stupidity Tries, Mary K, and my favorite Wouldnt Mama be Proud. The second class takes him into the Beatles level - no lie.  Elliott Smith is a massive talent.
B000001E7T|5.0|&quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; is the album that justifiably earned Harvey widespread critical acclaim and expanded her devout (if modest) cult following.  Harvey combines innovative music with disturbing mythological, religious, and personal imagery. &quot;Love&quot; represents Harvey's creative peak (thus far).<br />With this release, Harvey abandons the bracing punk-inspired noise of her previous works (&quot;Dry&quot;, &quot;Rid of Me&quot;) for an unholy fusion of gritty blues and industrial/techno soundscapes.  Surprisingly, she melds this seemingly disparate combination seamlessly, creating music that is innovative, yet familiar.  Additionally, Harvey augments such an inventive context with eclectic embellishments.  &quot;Down By The Water&quot; has a haunting string arrangment undercutting a throbbing fuzzy-bass line.  An organ is used in a number of other tracks to give songs a creepy, but perfectly natural feel.<br />Amazingly, Harvey's lyrics are even more riveting and complex than the music, combining scripture and mythology to deftly express her own personal vision.  She often recalls the religious imagery of the legendary bluesman Robert Johnson.  On the surface, she sings in the voice characters she has created for any given song.  Harvey does this with great effect because she actually becomes the characters.  In many cases she seems to be using these characters to express her own seemingly ambivalent, often disturbing psyche.  Even if this isn't the case, her singing is so powerful that it doesn't matter if it's Harvey or the character.  This makes her poignant pleas for salvation and intimacy even more emotive. <br />Prior to &quot;Love&quot;, Harvey made several albums that showed tremedous potential.  On &quot;Love&quot;, this potential is fully realized and all of her considerable talents as a songwriter and musician come to fruition.  Though she has made other noteworthy albums (&quot;Dry&quot;, &quot;Rid of Me&quot;), &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; stands as Harvey's acknowledged masterpiece; the standard all her other records have been and will be compared to.  In a way, this is unfair because few artists could hope to reach this level even once.  It's probably unfair to ever expect another album this brilliant from Harvey, but we can always hope.
B00000634J|5.0|There is no question, the man was an absolute genius.  One has to search far and wide nowadays to find such genuine talent in songwriting.  &quot;Legend&quot; sums up probably the cream of Lennon's post-Beatles achievements.  This collection signifies the massive diversity that seems second nature to the man.  From heart-rending and setemental classics such as &quot;Jealous guy&quot; (one of the most beautiful songs ever written), &quot;Imagine&quot;, &quot;Woman&quot;, &quot;Love&quot;, &quot;Beautiful boy&quot;, &quot;Mother (with obvious connections to Lennon's poignant nickname for Yoko)&quot;; to the social statements of &quot;Working class hero (a finely crafted acoustic number)&quot;,&quot;Happy Xmas&quot;, and &quot;Give peace a chance&quot;. But probably a personal favourite from the collection would have to be &quot;Watching the wheels&quot;, it oozes Beatles-appeal,  and just goes to show who was the talent behind the phenomenon.  All in all, highly recommended to anyone who has been fortunate enough to discover the legend that is John Lennon.  It was a sad, sad day when he was taken from us.
B000006YMP|5.0|Obviously the titles of this review sais it all. This is her best album. Better than ABBA,is some ways. This is more relaxed. Easy going and conceptual than some of the earlier ABBA albums. Agnetha lives up to her good voice and musical experience here. Good for her!
078322608X|5.0|This movie is FANTASTIC.  My dad saw it on a plane, and he said it is just one of those rare movies that is shown on a plane that is actually good.  So we rented it.  Although my dad had to explain the plot every now and then, the film was spooky, highly intelligent, super-suspenseful, and even quite powerful.  It is simply in a class of its own, and there's no way to compare it to other sci-fi films.  But WHY is it called 12 Monkeys?  That's for me to know, and YOU to find out!<br />Rated R.  There are some scenes of blood and violence, and several profanities.  There are also a few brief images of Bruce Willis's bare backside.  I'm only 14, and I saw it a few months ago.  The film is very complex and there was no way I would have understood it without my dad watching it with me.  For all those who don't feel squeamish at the frightening atmosphere and music, this movie will keep your eyes glued to the screen until the ending credits!
B000006YMN|5.0|This is, I would say the most grown up record of Agnetha's. She sounds great. Her voice is clear and recognisable as ABBA's main voice (sorry Frida fans) This record stood the test of time amazingly well. If you like Agnetha, this is a must!!
B00004XOWM|5.0|Wooh man, this album is so wicked! I loved it. It's just as good as &quot;Significant Other&quot;, and the original energy and beat that made the group so famous in the first place is still there. The MI-2 theme, 'Getcha groove on', 'Hot dog' and most of the other titles will ensure your getting hyped up in no time; believe me, you'll be 'Rollin'. So if you want to do something good for yourself, get this album, and enjoy it.
B000006YMM|5.0|I totally aggre with the Music Fan from Holland, who previously wrote a review on this CD. I love it! I only wonder why he gave it just 3 start.... It's great so I'll give it 5 stars all the way!!
B00004X01U|4.0|I do like this album - there's something about Mirwais' in-your-face-bass that really hits the spot. The difference in styles between the various co-producers on each track is particularly noticeable - overall, however, I would say that this is an album that is poignant while remaining strikingly simple.<br />For those who criticise &quot;mindless drum machines&quot;, I put forward what I remember of a quote by Bjork. She said that, if the music has &quot;no soul&quot;, people tend to point the finger at the computer. However, Bjork suggests computers are just a tool, like guitars or pianos. If the music has no soul, that is because no one has put it there - it's not the fault of the computer.<br />I believe that Madonna given this album a soul. You decide for yourself.
B000051XX6|3.0|I was kind of let down with this new CD. I own everything she has come out with and this album just does not measure up. THe songs are so similar that I can't tell them apart! More variety would have done this album good. It's not bad, it just isn't as good as I expected from her
0451191153|5.0|Like Atlas Shrugged, this tale is an extraordinary one.  Ayn Rand worked within the realm of ideas and their consequences.  The characters here are both the usual and the heroic.  Howard Roark, our hero, stands firm for individual integrity, against the critics and the masses until his point-of-view wins out.  The greatness of Rand's work is that she sets a path in which mediocrity loses.  Like any philosophy, her work didn't change the world, but had a deep impact on individuals that changed themselves and helped to make the world that much better.<br />The villain Ellsworth Toohey is one of the great nemesis' in American literature.  He is plainly passive-aggressive.  He uses people's insecurities for his own power.  Much like many villains in real life, Toohey defeats his foes through subtleties and pawns.  He spends a lifetime propping up disciples around him for insulation.  The bandwagon mentaility means that none of his ideas need ever come under logical scrutiny.  When his game is discovered, his power is such, that he is not easily defeated.  Roark's use of logical rhetoric at the conclusion of the novel is such that Toohey's nefarious work is rendered meaningless.<br />For as good as the work is, I am opposed to Rand's atheism.  She would replace God with the worship of man.  Her heroic characters certainly make a case for such, but in real life even our most brilliant men are not without flaws and contradictions.  I believe that God would want man to as heroic as Rand sees him.  Rand would feel any recognition of a superior being would cast man back into the pool of the collective.  This disagreement would put me outside the realm of Rand followers, but I love the book anyway and feel that it has a great deal to offer anyone who believes in individual liberty or is open to hear a case for it.
0449002632|1.0|If you feel that finishing a book is prerequisite to reviewing it, stop here! I had as much of this book as I could stomach and put it down.<br />This book is more a collection of inter-twined short stories than anything else. Maybe the genre of historical soap-opera can be established, for this book certainly has enough fans. I just can't get into it.<br />Rutherford should have picked a newer city for his biography, so that he would not have to write so much &quot;filler&quot; in order to get to the end. Pillars of the Earth is a much better novel (built around a central theme of the building of a cathedral) but only takes place over a few decades.
B000006TRV|5.0|One of the greatest albums in the history of rock.  This is a true concept album, where every song flows from its predecessor. It's a journey into madness and depression.  Not an album to pick you up, but brilliantly conceived nonetheless.  In my judgment the greatest double album ever made.  &quot;If you don't buy this album, you can't have any pudding&quot;.......
B000001ESP|5.0|Rush is truly the best rock band and this album is the greatest. If you don't have this album, get it now! It is so awesome. Limelight, Red Barchetta and Tom Sawyer are true classic hits. I have been a Rush fan since the early early 80's and this album is my favorite! Buy it now!
B000051VWW|5.0|....I Love this CD.  On Lovers Rock Sade does what Sade does best.  She takes the listner through the journery of loves highs and lows.  Her voice is rich and mature.  Her lyrics are thoughful and provoling.  &quot;King of Sorrow&quot;  &quot;Flow&quot; and &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; are standout tunes that will satisfy anyone who dares to listen.  <br />This CD is refreshing.  It standouts amongst those who pretend to make music.
B00003CWL6|2.0|Look closer... at what?  With all of the aclaim that _American Beauty_ has gotten, I was really expecting a great movie, complete with moving characters, a profound message, and a story line to stay with you long after the movie is over.  Most of these things are in _American Beauty_, except there is one glaring hole... the story line is sick and contrived making life seem like a whole soap opera-ish mess.  Kevin Spacey's character starts the movie by telling us he's dead.  This is a surprise, not many movies are told from the grave.  Then we are taken to the shower scene where Spacey's Lester Burnham is &quot;saying hello to his monster.&quot;  In Lester's own words, it goes downhill from there (he may be talking about his day, I'm talking about the movie).  Lester's family is a complete wreck.  He's a wimp, his wife's an overzealous realator who's hopelessly miserable, and their daughter, Jane is the only normal person in the house.  She's a teenager going through the most aweful time of her life, so, needless to say, she doesn't help the family atmosphere too much.  Life gets a little more interesting for Les when he discovers his daughter's friend, Angela, and starts lusting after her.  Some say he falls in love, and I wonder where they got this idea.  Anyway, the movie goes on and on, Les drooling over Angelina, Jane falling in love with the interesting drug dealer next door, and Annet Benning's character finding that the way to wind down after a long day at work is to go to the shooting range and fire off a couple of rounds.  There was no point to the story line.  Most of the movie just depicts suburbia as a miserable place where no one is ever happy, and when they are, they are wishing they could screw a girl young enough to be their daughter.<br />The only, ONLY, redeeming thing about this movie is the message about beauty in our world.  The drug dealer next door sure got it right, but I really hope that there's not a message going out that the only way you'll really see beauty is if you're constantly high and you have a camera glued to your eye.  Seriously though, the filming the dead bird because it was &quot;beautiful&quot; was very touching and that will probably stay with you for at least a little while.  Probably the best part of the movie was that short scene with the little plastice bag dancing in the breeze.  If _American Beauty_ had focoused more on the beauty in the world then on the hate of one strange little town, it definitely would have been five star material.<br />All the actors and actresses were wonderful and really fulfilled their roles well.  And, the tiny message snuck in about beauty was wonderful.  However, all of these things did not make up for the strange and extremely lacking plot line.  If there had been something to care about and people that were interesting, _American Beauty_ would have been much better.  Save your money and your time.  If you wnat a message about true beauty, open your eyes a little more... this movie is not the way to get it.  If you think that way, I really feel sorry for you.
B00004XONN|4.0|I like what I'm hearing out of Radiohead, but it really makes me miss their earlier style of music. The old guitar and drums, I guess. It's almost like they've over evolved...it's quite odd.<br />Anyway, Kid A is still an excellent album. The title track seems almost like a robot singing a lullaby to a cloned child, as if it were its mother, and it's very cool. &quot;How To Dissappear Completely&quot; is a beautiful song, I think my favorite. Other good ones here are &quot;Optimistic&quot;, &quot;Idioteque&quot;, and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, and the rest are all great but just not quite as fabulous as the songs I mentioned.<br />It's quite an obvious buy for Radiohead fans, but for nonfans, perhaps a look into &quot;The Bends&quot; or &quot;OK Computer&quot; would do you good.
B00004XOWM|5.0|this cd combines the both of Limp Bizkit's others cds into their best cd yet. Most songs have more of hip/hop verses and hard rock refrains. the lyrics are the best yet any teenager can relate to them. If you buy it check out tracks 2 and 7 they're the best on the cd. its worth 25$ but here you can buy it for less
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the Red Hot Chilli Peppers best work yet. Funky tracks such as Purple Stain, Around the World, and Get on Top are remniscant of their funky strength exhibited on BloodSugarSexMagic. They also display their soft side tracks such as Californiacation, Scar Tissue, and Road Trippin'. This is definately worth picking up. Get it
B0000214F0|3.0|It is the most expensive porn movie ever. The actual drama gets a bit overshadowed... Still, great performances by McDowell and Mirren. But the porn thing... Most of it is not very tasteful, especially when it mixes with horrible violence. That's something for the stomach. But there are funny bits too, in the more morbid area of humour. I don't find this big drama / porn / violence mix-up very successful, but -in small portions- it's somewhat entertaining... There's no other film like this, and basically I don't think we need that either. Warning! It's a bad date movie...
0226264017|5.0|Milton Friedman, far from just paraphrasing Keynes, has given a grand refutation of Keynesian economics as well as argued persuasively for the free-market.<br />&quot;Capitalism and Freedom&quot; dispels the myths about capitalism that have become so prevalent in our society: that the free-market caused the depression (it was actually a tyrannical Federal Reserve), that socialism can be democratic, and others. Milton's prose is clear and the book is good for those who haven't majored in economics. He gives an unwavering defense of personal freedom and individual autonomy from a minimalist government perspective.<br />This book is an important contribution to public discourse and although written about 40 years ago, still has relevance today.<br />Friedman discusses public education, roads, minimum wage laws (which he calls, &quot;the most anti-black law on the statute books,&quot; and rightfully so as you'll see if you read this book), as well as the how so-called &quot;progressive&quot; tax system and welfare actually hurt the poor.<br />Friedman's other great contribution is &quot;Free to Choose,&quot; which was written about 20 years ago and expounds on the ideas in &quot;Capitalism and Freedom&quot; in a bit more depth. But this is a good, short, concise book to start with that'll get you asking questions.
B00001IVOR|5.0|From all those fantastic Wu solo joints ( Meth,Rae,Gza,Dirty,Ghost) I couldn't wait to hear this one. And damn, the whole album is nearly hot ( except IMPOSSIBLE, WU REVOLUTION,MARIA,SECOND COMING )These beats show a lot of  effort and the chemistry between all nine members is to good to believe. You will never hear another LP like WU-TANG FOREVER again.
B00004YW6I|1.0|This is one of those records where fans of early work will say, &quot;It's rad, just like her early stuff, dude!&quot;  After all, she's returned to the same (non-)production team and stripped-down band which created her first two records (which include 'Rid of Me' - one of the most overrated alternative pieces of the 1990s).  Unfortunately, the record is a regression in every sense.<br />For those of us who thought P.J. Harvey grew up (musically and lyrically) with 1995's refereshingly schitzophrenic 'To Bring You My Love' and 1998's wonderfully narrative 'Is This Desire' (aided by Flood's superior production), this offering is very disappointing.  The dark melodies and tongue-in-cheek quality of her last two records has been supplanted by the dry, monosyllabic rumblings that are all too characteristic of her earlier material.
6305014140|5.0|This movie is one of the best animes I have seen, and I have watched quite a few. First off, excellent story. Jubei is one of the most believable characters,and he makes the whole Squall Leonhart tough guy image in a sword wielding warrior! Now, with the combination of Jubei and Kagero, this movie has absolute chimistry like watching two lovers dance. The fight scenes are intense and immersive. You find yourself wanting more after the masterpiece ends, and sadly their is more. The sequel, to put it mildy was a big dissapointment.This movie gets an A+++
B00004ZB9D|3.0|This record includes a relatively even mix of singles from each of his five records, plus a soundtrack cover (&quot;American Woman&quot;) and a new single (&quot;Again&quot;).  (NOTE: You can get &quot;American Woman&quot; on the newer represses of '5' without having to buy the single or soundtrack to 'Austin Powers II'.)<br />Without quibling too much over the choice of songs here, remember that this is called &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; (as opposed to the &quot;Best of&quot;), and as such, clearly superior/lesser-known songs such as &quot;I Build This Garden for Us&quot; (from 1989's 'Let Love Rule'), &quot;Fields of Joy&quot; (from 1991's 'Mama Said'), &quot;Sister&quot; (from 1993's 'Are You Gonna Go My Way'), &quot;Circus&quot; (from 1995's 'Circus'), and &quot;If You Can't Say No&quot; (from 1998's '5') are conspicuously missing.<br />SUGGESTIONS:  If you only like two or three of his songs, pick this up; but if you already know and like most of these familiar tracks, instead, try out his individual records, the relative quality of which roughly coincide with the order of their release.
B00000JJQK|5.0|How to express the magnificent glory of this wonderful album ? It's almost impossible . Sure there are lots of great albums : the velvet underground and nico , berlin , what's goin'on , nevermind , the stone roses , the doors , revolver (which I actually thought to be the greatest ever recorded until I heard this ...well now it's the second one in line) ... just to name a few . But Pet Sounds ... no , I don't think we'll ever hear something like this again . It has some sort of &quot;spiritual&quot; quality all over it , which fully flowers in the stereo release , so even if you already have the single-mono version you won't waste your money buying the stereo version too ... this being said , something about the songs themselves . They really push the limits futher than maybe any rock record in history (possible exception of revolver) , Brian Wilson himself had already begun doing experimental sympho-pop on such buoyant recordings as &quot;California Girls&quot; or the offen-overlooked &quot;the little girl I once knew&quot; . However those were single-efforts ; Pet sounds should be seen as the first concept album ever in the sense of its overall quality , its haunting multi-layered production and its love-theme . The tracks are - sloop john B let beside ,which is not bad , but misses the point of the album- beautiful , and , yes , even the 2 instrumentals are thoroughly enjoyable and perfectly fit in the otherwordly atmosphere of the album . Highlights in the other 10 tracks are undoubtely : God only knows (gotta love that one) , the title track and the album closer &quot;Caroline no&quot; , all of them beacame hits . You still believe in me , I wasn't made for these times , here today ,etc... are great too ; in fact the whole thing is so damn great I think there's already too much said and written about - just listen to it ranked #1 on my best album of all-time list
1878424319|5.0|This book s interesting but enlightening:<br />1. Be impeccable with your words 2. Don't take things personally 3.  Don't make assumptions 4.  Always do your best<br />Sounds simple huh? Not so quick!  Rooted in Toltec beliefs, Miguel Ruiz has done us all a great favor to explain and illustrate the above four agreements.  This book serves as a practical guide to how we live daily.  Language:  Words, assumptions, thoughts, pre-occupation can always lead to misunderstanding and a break of relationship.  Miguel Ruiz goes step-by-step, with practicals and examples, to help us achieve these four agreements.  Say what you really mean to say.  Don't circumvent or evade.  Don't make assumptions because assumptions always lead to misunderstanding.  Ruiz has so much to offer in this brillantly written book.  Highly recommended.
B000002L99|5.0|I'm not going to comment on the fact that this is one of Van Halen's three greatest albums, which it is.  Instead, I just wanted to clarify two points that several people keep getting wrong in their reviews here:<br />1) David Lee Roth did not write any of &quot;5150.&quot;  Eddie wrote the music; Sammy wrote the lyrics.  Some of the music was written before David left, but he did not write music for Van Halen--so nothing on &quot;5150,&quot; musically or lyrically, was written by David Lee Roth.<br />2) Sammy Hagar did not play any guitar on &quot;5150&quot;--or any other Van Halen album, either.  Eddie played all the guitar on every Van Halen album.  Sammy only sang and wrote the lyrics.<br />People need to do their homework before they make stupid comments.  Read Guitar World magazine's book of interviews with Eddie and find out the truth behind the writing and recording of &quot;5150.&quot;
079073463X|5.0|This has long been one of my favorites in spite of the miscasting of Pfeiffer as the heroine---she is overrated and is especially poor in this one. She is much too cold to be credible in this role. Fortunately, Hauer and McKern are great and Broderick is not too bad, although he suffers in comparison with these two pros. The story is pure fun and just a delightful fantasy. I highly recommend it.
B000002UC5|5.0|Greatest McCartney.. magnificent feat all his own.  His melodic side (Every Night), rock side (Oo You, Amazed) and Sing a-long Junk.  Still think this is one of the most under-rated LPs of the 1970's. In ways it can be heard in the works of many others in that decade ... a precursor of the sound that would climax in Fleetwood Mac's Rumours. A true classic!
6301697707|4.0|This movie clearly shows that the cast and the director didn't take the movie seriously. But that's okay because Tremors is fun to watch, hilarious in some scenes, and not too much blood and gore to make it just like a horror flick. All the actors played their parts very well and the plot is good enough for a movie like this. In fact, my major dissapointment is that the monsters don't look anything like the thing on the cover.All,in all, a great video to watch when trying to relax or having a party.
B00000I07R|4.0|Bon Jovi wondered if they'd still have an audience in 1993 when, deep in the Grunge revolution, they put out an album that probably sounded too much like a Bon Jovi record to be taken seriously by the press.<br />But, it's a solid record with a small handful of great songs that make the rest of it seem worth the time. From the opening chords of &quot;I Believe&quot; it's obvious &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; is an album written by adults for adults. Bon Jovi was never kiddy pop anyway, although no one bothered to tell the kiddies that. &quot;Faith&quot; is a more emotional mature album than some people expected. It certainly has more bite than what had come before, a sign that these were no longer a couple pretty boys writing about sex in the back seat of daddy's old car. These are grown men writing haunting songs about the world in which they live, both socially and emotionally.<br />In &quot;Bed of Roses&quot; Jon may have written his most pained and memorable ballad. Rather than sugar coat emotions, &quot;Bed&quot; hits between the eyes and is perhaps better heard in quiet meditation than with the girl of your dreams in your arms.<br />Other songs, especially the over-looked but unforgettable &quot;Dry County,&quot; stand tall as well. For the first half this album fires on all cylinders, showing emotional range and musical expertise. (Although I'll never get the appeal of &quot;I'll Sleep When I'm Dead.&quot;)<br />The fact that it slips up at the end, stringing a handful of brutally forgettable songs to close out, hurt this album a bit. But up until that point, Bon Jovi proved they were more than an 80's band. They're a rock and roll band. And they're not going anywhere for a long, long time.
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock is one of her best albums. As a fan of her work, this CD has it all - soft lyrics with excellent background vocals and instruments. A nice jazz with beats mix. Clearly, Sade Rocks!
B000001GOZ|5.0|This recording by Boulez is in my estimation one of the great moments in classical music recorded history. It is one of those performances that I feel has achieved a place with such legendary moments as Karajan's &quot;Der Rosenkavalier&quot; and Walter's Beethoven 6th. Yes, the typical Boulez dissection is there, but what style! The tender moments as well as the terrifying are superbly conveyed by the Viennese and Deutsche Grammaphone's engineering is absolutely flawless. This album is a triumph of this century as far as classical recordings go. Anyone who buys it will not be disappointed.
006092988X|5.0|I read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn for a school assignment. I had over a week to read the first 80 pages. In three days, I finished it. This book is wonderful. It tells a full complete story of Francie Nolan's life of growing up. I truly enjoyed it. It is one of thise books that you positivly love, and HAVE to read over and over again. It truthfully tells the story of a poor, working class family in the early 1900s. It has characters that you will absolutely love, and the book is one to be treasured for many, many years to come.
1577311523|5.0|There is only one teaching.  And that is that you are not and cannot ever be separate from God.  You are right now exactly as you were created.  The only thing that keeps you from that realization is your thinking.<br />There are many beautiful teachings that have also come to this.  Teachings from men (and many untold women) who  have reached that perfected state of consciousness, and tell us in their writings.  A simple french monk named Brother Lawrence - &quot;Practicing the Presence of God&quot; learned it  in the 1600's in France.  A wandering Russian pilgrim learned it in the 1800's - &quot;The Way of A Pilgrim and A Pilgrim Continues  his way.&quot;  An American now living in Fiji as a Guru called Adi Da Samraj also learned it, and is teaching it to a devoted group of followers.  And now Eckhart Tolle, who may prove to be the most articulate, clear and powerful spiritual teacher to  emerge in this century is passing it along to thousands, hopefully millions of people.<br />Read the writings of the above teachers, some of who were very simple and you will see the same simple teaching from  dramaticallly different forms.  Then go back to Eckhart, whose book and profoundly beautiful tapes are for this Western culture and this time.  And be thankful that you are able to be a part of it.
6301697707|4.0|This movie clearly shows that the cast and the director didn't take the movie seriously. But that's okay because Tremors is fun to watch, hilarious in some scenes, and not too much blood and gore to make it just like a horror flick. All the actors played their parts very well and the plot is good enough for a movie like this. In fact, my major dissapointment is that the monsters don't look anything like the thing on the cover.All,in all, a great video to watch when trying to relax or having a party.
B00000I07P|5.0|This was, of course, the album that shot Bon Jovi to the pinnacle of rock stardom.  And with good reason, this album is a seamless celebration of arena rock and roll. It's loud, wild and endlessly entertaining. 15 years after the fact it still sounds as fresh and lively as it did then. The classics stand tall and the obscure songs are private favorites to most fans (&quot;Wild in the Streets&quot; and &quot;I'd Die For You&quot; sitting atop many Jovi fans favorite lists.)<br />While most 80's hard rock albums have faded into much-deserved novelty, &quot;Slippery&quot; still stands up as the true beginning of a real rock dynasty. A must have record.
B000002UAX|2.0|The Beatles attempted to dispel some of the artsy aura they had developed up to the time of recording this double recording. Anyone who was a good listener AT THE TIME would have noticed that many of the songs (most) are good natured spoofs of then current popular artists;(besides the obvious Beach Boys put on, they have Long, Long, Long (Bee Gees), Mother Nature's Son (Donovan) Helter Skelter (guitar groups, Hendrix in particular), Rocky Racoon (Dylan), Why Dont We Do It In The Road (Tommy James' 'I Think We're Alone Now' reference to 'tumbling to the ground,' etc.) Of course there is original stuff here also, and very good stuff it is! But the point is that this album isnt such a grand work of pop art as some might think, and , with the exception of a few songs-- I'm So Tired being a good example-- this dbl lp was a bit of a toss off that distinguishes itself less on quality than on quantity, variety and it's non-threatening facade.
B000051VWW|1.0|It was time to find someone with some honesty regarding this new Sade cd. I couldn't agree more with you Sienna, this album is a HUGE disappointment. After eight years of waiting we should have had at least a good record. This is trendy, soulless, self-indulgent. All this enthusiasm about a &quot;romantic&quot; record: all of Sade's releases were romantic, she IS a romantic singer, she sings love. What is missing here are SONGS. The single is simply awful, neither some remixing had helped it. I haven't found ONE simple song on 11 that really delivers. I think you better buy something of her past, maybe she had to remain some other time out of the spotlight.
B000001C6D|5.0|1994 was the best year for Paradise Lost. Though &quot;Draconian Times&quot; sold over a million copies world wide, &quot;Icon&quot; will be remembered for its sanity, insanity, blazing guitars and excellent and dark lyrics. Nick Holmes had found the perfect baritone to enhance each song on this offering, unlike the growls on the earlier works. An evidence of his chilling baritone can be heard on the opening lines of &quot;Shallow Seasons&quot;, which is my favourite song on this CD. The opening track &quot;Embers Fire&quot; is like a slow descent into the hollow crevices of the dark, with its brooding cello intro breaking into crunching slow guitars. Mackintosh and Aedy do a fantastic work with the guitars, and Edmondson is great with his bass. Matt Archer's drum beats are simple, but solid as a nail in a coffin. This is easily Paradise Lost's greatest work...a true reminder of their halcyon days. I wonder if they read this some day and decide to get their days of glory back and rock like we want them to
B00004ZB9D|4.0|This is a pretty good CD, with a lot of soul and rock and roll, especially the first 10...from that point on it's nothing but fillers.  They should have stopped at #10, or found 5 better songs from his other CDs to put on here.  Don't let that keep you from buying it though, Lenny's music is too cool.
B00000I07Q|5.0|Following the massive success of &quot;Slippery When Wet&quot; Bon Jovi could have hacked out anything and sold a bunch of records. But &quot;New Jersey&quot; is anything but hacked-out. In fact, it may quietly be one of the best rock and roll records of all time, certainly in the past 15 years.<br />While quickly re-establishing itself as arena gods with &quot;Lay Your Hands On Me&quot; and &quot;Bad Medicine,&quot; Bon Jovi quietly began to leave behind the hair metal boom with songs like the Springsteen-esque &quot;Born To Be My Baby&quot; and &quot;Living In Sin.&quot; By the time this album rolls onto its second side, the true gems &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot; and &quot;Stick To Your Guns&quot; position themselves as so much more than the bubble-gum rock Bon Jovi is sadly lumped with.<br />In &quot;Blood On Blood&quot; Bon Jovi may have done the unthinkable: write the kind of song a group of guys can call their own, macho, exciting but soulful and emotional. It's a song that will stand forever away from the Billboard charts but remain near and dear to real fans forever.<br />Much like this album.
0486408434|5.0|This review is for all those who have an interest in card magic yet cannot navigate the confusing array of titles that are available. This book is indispensable! If you, like me, are a novice card magician then this is the place to start. If you buy this book and read it carefully then I promise you by the time you have read even the first few chapters you will be able to amaze anyone with a pack of cards.  Not only is there a wealth of information here, the book is also extremely well written; I couldn't put it down! The book contains every basic false shuffle, cut, slight, and flourish that you will need to make significant progress in card magic. Within months I had developed a convincing card routine and was delighting people with my 'magical' abilities. If you choose this book then you will be on the way to doing the same.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I just bought this CD and now I can't turn it off! My stereo's wearing out from that CD alone! I have loved the Beatles since I was 8, and I'll still love them &quot;when I'm 64&quot;! I haven't been listening to them as much, because when I got into the Beatles, I didn't have a CD player, so most of my Beatle recordings are in cassette tapes. And sure, I love the Backstreet Boys, 'N Sync, 98 Degrees, and Savage Garden, but the Beatles were the ORIGINAL boy band! You'd have to be sick not to like the Beatles! You'd also have to be sick not to rate this CD 5 stars! Hey, I'd rate it at a finity stars if it were an option to! I get teased at school a lot because I like the Beatles. Everyone says that the Beatles are &quot;too old&quot; to like. Well, I think that anyone who says that about the Fab 4 is just &quot;too immature to know what good music really is&quot;! Music doesn't have to be new just to like it, DUH! I gotta have at least 750 items in my Beatles collection, too! Now, I'm really a critic when it comes to music. I mean REALLY a critic! I rate a band or solo artist down for very specific things, like if they sing nasal or through their noses. Like Britney Queers. She sings through her nose. (When she's not lip-syncing, that is!) So, if I like a band or solo artist, my friends know that they have to be good because I didn't point out anything bad about them. So, if I say that the Beatles are good, you'd better believe it! By the way, Ringo's my favorite Beatle! Peace, Love, and Beatles 4 Ever, The Beatle Chick
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Great attempt by Douglas McGrath to bring Jane Austen's timeless classic to silver screen. This adaptation compressed the lengthy novel into a concise,witty and upbeat narrative satire. Without losing the essence of the oringal.<br />Gwyneth Paltrow gave an excellence performance playing Austen's heroine.She obviously did her homework.With polished english accent,she sang and played the piano,dance,sew,draw,played archery,and not forgetting acted as Cupid.  Being the backbone of the movie,Emma Woodhouse tried to matchmake friends around her namely Harriet Smith. The outcome showed she clearly not quite cut out to be cupid however things seem to turn out well and merry eventually--thanks to the crafty works by Jane Austen. The film didn't forget to bring out the best of Austen's creation. Emma Woodhouse is beautiful,clever,witty but with pinch of insensitive and willfulness but clueless when come to matters of her own heart and interest.  With some twists and turns with some harmless mishaps,she ended up with her Mr.Knightley. All sprightly done. <br />The castings are near perfect with exceptional casts like Toni Collette,Jeremy Northam,Ewan McGregor,Alan Cumming,Juliet Stevenson and Phyllida Law.Great rapport and numerous intellectual dialogue. <br />&quot;Emma&quot; has one of the best costume and art direction with distinct details of the 19th century England society. It's oscar winning sound track also added to the enjoyableness of this romantic and delightful film.<br />The captivating aura of this film make watching Austen even more fun and entertaining . Everyone and everything turned out great. A film well made.
B000002JAX|4.0|When I first heard this album on NPR two years ago, I was stunned.  Peyroux sounds like Billy Holiday filtered through Patsy Cline by way of Edith Piaf.  Her phrasing is fabulous, especially given her young age when the CD was cut.  My only gripe is that sometimes she sounds too much like Lady Day, Patsy, or Piaf.  I cannot wait for her to develop her own voice and sound--it will be incredible when she matures and deepens.  I hope a second album is coming soon--I will get it immediately.  Give this as a gift and you will be seen as a true afficianado!  By the way, Marc Ribot is on guitar on this album--for another special treat, listen to his Marc Ribot Y Los Cubanos Postizos, a wonderful Cuban-inspired guitar CD.
B000001FYL|5.0|You haven't heard the truly great songs on this record. The two hits, &quot;Blaze of Glory,&quot; and &quot;Miracle&quot; are strong tracks, no doubt about it. But the greatness remaining on this album is an eye-opening study of the songwriter named Jon Bon Jovi.<br />This album feels like a western. No doubt. Jon Bon Jovi may be from Jersey but he knows what the old west is about -- dirt, spit, blood. Big emotions and big voices. That's what this album provides. When this album was written Jon probably didn't know how to write a bad song. <br />But there is one song that is truly unforgettable. It is called &quot;Santa Fe&quot; and it is probably the pinnacle of songwriting for Jon. He delivers a vocal performance that he could probably never duplicate in a song that lies itself bleeding on a dirty rock and roll highway. Listening to this song is exhausting, I can't imagine performing it.<br />The rest of this record may not reach that pinnacle but it gets close. And how many records can say that?
B00004ZB9D|3.0|either you love lenny kravitz or you hate him, as the overused adage goes.  haters aside, you've got to admire the man's gifts when it comes to music.  he plays nearly all the instruments, writes, arranges, produces almost every one of his songs.  sure, he draws heavily on influences, but he does it a style all his own.  the epitome of this is &quot;it ain't over til it's over&quot; which legitimately sounds as if it were recorded when my dad was in high school.  when he creates a good song, the product is astounding.  this is key for any artist aspiring to assemble a greatest hits collection, especially if the albums couldn't stand on their own as well as the songs did.  that said, this is a very good collection, though it would be better served with some more thoughtful organization.  otherwise, the only problem lies in kravitz' somewhat tired, cliched lyrics.  he's said that simple is better (true, bob marley wasn't the most complex lyricist, but that's apples and oranges i guess) but that only holds so much weight, because it works over the course of 3-4 songs then it just seems like he's run out of things to say.  &quot;fly away&quot; proves that.  though with kravitz, the music itself is the heart of the issue, and that's what will stand out through the course of his distinguished career, and that's what makes this a very enjoyable listen.
B00004XOWN|1.0|This guy is done. Sorry but if you want to good songs buy Everlast no Limp Bizkit. His impersonifications of black attitude and his bad rapping stinks. If you see the video of &quot;Rollin'&quot; you'll know what I mean. DR DRE and others can do what he does 100 times better, he's just a phenomenom because MTV worships artists like him, instead of introducing artists like Godsmack who are better.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|There's little dispute about the quality and importance of the music.  Now you can listen to the same tunes - but in a different order!
B00004Y9PP|3.0|I'd heard, over and over again, how &quot;Pitch Black&quot; was just an &quot;Alien&quot; rip-off. Apparently there's another version of the film going around, since the one I saw was in no way an &quot;Alien&quot; movie. If anything, it owes more to &quot;Jurassic Park,&quot; but it's really just another example of a man vs. nature story (flashback to high school English class ...).<br />Of course, if it really was an &quot;Aliens&quot; retread, it might have packed a few more jolts along the way. Perhaps I'm jaded at this point -- it's certainly possible -- but this film was interesting and involving, but not really scary at all.<br />But for my money, it WAS interesting. The intertwined moral dilemmas of the survivors, the biology of the raptors, the cosmology of how that unnamed planet got plunged into darkness once every 22 years ... All solid stuff and more thoughtfully assembled than the last two &quot;Alien&quot; films were.<br />The film was also highlighted by the artistic choices, particularly the use of colored filters during the three suns sequences, the use of Australian actors and writing (&quot;Crikey!&quot;) and the star-making performance of Vin Diesel.<br />Diesel's character slipped once or twice into &quot;ooh, he's SO bad&quot; caricature -- or at least, his dialogue did -- but the moral dilemma he faced and the subtle performance he gave made him a pair of biceps to watch.<br />A good rental when you've decided that you just can't watch &quot;Aliens&quot; again, but want some smart science fiction survival horror. Not the best of its genre, but a worthwhile entry that doesn't deserve much of the criticism heaped upon it.
0679879269|5.0|Dear Sheep of America, do not be afraid of the work of Philip Pullman.  He has only come to share ideas of beauty, love and above all free thought.  Yes folks, thats correct a little critical thinking has never done anyone harm.  Oh, maybe those in power (i.e. religious institutions) are a bit worried about all this fuss.  They will stomp around like tired children, urging you to sit down and be quiet.  Encourage your children to read this with you.  Develop healthy lines of communication with them.  Above all we are not to be lead to pasture day after endless day.  A series of books like this will wake you up for a fleeting moment.  Try to stay up as long as possible.
6305161879|5.0|i'll admit it - i'm extremely biased.  this is my favorite movie of all time.  but i like it with good reason.  four great roles wonderfully played by four great actors, in a crazy but hysterical plot with enough twists to keep any sane person glued to the screen.  kevin kline was born for this role and he certainly deserves that oscar, but michael palin, jlc, and john cleese more than hold their own.  if you have any faith in what i say, you'll be doing yourself a favor in watching this movie.
158234082X|5.0|Even if you don't like to cook, I think you'll enjoy this book. I laughed out loud sometimes reading about Bourdain's adventures while learning his craft. I don't know how good a chef he really is, but he is an excellent writer, taking the reader on a wild and often hilarious ride. He makes the kitchen staff at a typical restaurant sound like a bunch of gypsies, and maybe that's not far from the truth. And you'll roll on the floor when you read about the moment he decided to become a chef!  His descriptions of some of the people he's worked with over his 25 year career are dead-on, such as Adam Real-Last-Name-Unknown, baker extraordinaire.   Bourdain also presents some practical advice on the utensils and equipment you really need in your kitchen, and on what not to order the next time you dine out. I thoroughly enjoyed this book!
B000003N7G|5.0|When most people (myself included) hear the phrase &quot;avant-garde jazz&quot; it's taken as a code for emperor's new clothes albums that only critics seem to love or just plain unlistenable. For A Love Supreme however, this is DEFINITELY not the case. At times it is simplistic (Acknowledgement is based in just four notes) and incredibly complex. But it is BEAUTIFUL throughout. I could go on and on in describing it, but you just have to listen to it to get the full experience. If you don't have the album and were curious enough to look on this web site for this album GO AHEAD AND BUY IT! You won't be disappointed. This is an album that must be listened to and studied, you can't just let it be background music. It is so beautiful, don't live another day without this musical masterpiece in your life!
B000002KHB|5.0|I beleive Machine head is the first step in the history of hard rock like the Dark side of the moon of Pink Floyd for progressive rock history. This album is splendid and it can impress every music lovers.
B00005176F|4.0|i don't believe that this &quot;album&quot; is worth 4 stars, but i gave it that score because it's impossible to ignore the quality of the songs here.  every one of these is intelligent, catchy, and innovative, which makes blur stand out amidst all these good british bands that have suddenly come out of nowhere.  blur is one of the best because they made cohesive, good albums, which is no small feat nowadays.  the problem with this collection is that it does not do the songs justice.  if you don't own &quot;parklife&quot; or &quot;blur&quot;, you will miss the point of these tracks.  the songs mean so much more in their proper context, which makes a good greatest hits record an impossible task for a band like blur.  the same can be said for radiohead, pink floyd, etc... if you're really into their music, then you're better off owning the albums; however, if you're a casual listener, and are mostly concerned with the hits, maybe this will suit you.  the bonus live disc probably isn't worth it even to serious fans, unless you simply love live recordings.
0385495323|4.0|I really enjoyed this book because it blended history and science in such a provacative way. <br />Is this book better than _The Codebreakers_ by Kahn? Ah, about the same. Both have strengths.<br />The Code Book tends to over emphasize the British contributions to coding/decoding in the 20'th century. We Americans did some good stuff too!<br />The Puzzle Palace is also a good book, if you like this one.
6305971099|3.0|Halloween 5 picks up right were 4 left off.  It is a year later, and Jamie is in a children's hospital, now unable to speak (for reasons unknown and confusing.)  Michael awakens again from the mine shaft (didn't someone think to see if he was dead, since this will be his 4th time returning to kill) and immediately starts his senseless killing spree.  We see Rachel die in the first 20 minutes of the film, quite a disappointment.  Michael now wants revenge, and is after anyone that stands in his way (and even people who don't, for no apparent reason.)  He is chasing Jamie again, trying to kill the last of his bloodline.  We return the the Myers house this time, which in no way looks like the original Myers house from the first Halloween.  Dr. Loomis returns again, stopping at no cost to destroy Michael.  We are introduced to a man which all we know about him is that he wears all black.  In no way is he explained.  In the end we are again set up for a sequel, but a very fuzzy ending.  Halloween 5 does not do justice to its predecessors.  A few good points though are the classic Halloween music, and Danielle Harris' portrayal of Jamie.
0767836286|5.0|Along with ENEMY OF THE STATE, this is one of the best conspiracy-theory paranoia thrillers in its league. When Michael Faraday, played by Jeff Bridges (in one of his best roles since STARMAN), sees the boy across the road wandering aimlessly in the street, he finds his hands are horribly mutilated in a firework accident. The friendly neighbours, the Lang family, are more than grateful for Faraday's help. But are they all they seem? Michael pries into Oliver(Tim Robbins) and his life after seeing a wrongly addressed letter. Michael also teaches anti-government paranoia terrorist studies at his local university and since his wife's death in a bungled FBI raid on a patriot militia group, he is becoming increasingly obsessed with the subject. As he investigates Oliver Lang, evidence he finds makes him more scared that Lang is in reality an unhinged but professional terrorist planning a major attack in Washington. And it seems only Faraday can stop him when things get worse - the authorities refuse to belive his findings! Be warned, the ending is not what you think! You will be surprised, and this movie, while tackling an oft-told theme, will surprise you and hold your attention throughout. It comes highly recommended!
B00004XQP4|5.0|When I think of Green Day I used to think of punks on a major label, now i think matured...In other words, this album is pretty amazing, excellent songwriting, etc.  But its not punk in the slightest, this is about as punk as blink 182.  Bj took time to mature and basically ignored the regular fanbase but theres acupple songs for the dookie-boys, like blood sex n booze is good.  To sum this up, not for the pit anymore, slow with acoustic guitars, this is more like the wallflowers, who arent that bad
0920668372|5.0|This book given to me by a friend when I was pregnant with my first child (a boy). I cried the first time I read it (before he was born). Now every time I read it to him, I still get teary-eyed. A mothers love for her child is a powerful thing.  It's sad to see some people find that dysfunctional or offending. I myself would never climb into my grown sons window, but the point is that no matter how old your children are, in a mothers heart, they are still as special as the day they were born.
B0000067L2|5.0|Ginger Baker and Jack Bruce aren't to bad either. This is the probably the best of Cream's 4 albums. The classic Sunshine Of Your Love is the best song on the album. It was just one of those songs that totally changed music. Cream was the first real hard rock band. SWLABR(She Walks Like A Bearded Rainbow) has nonsense lyrics but what a great riff. Strange Brew and Tales Of Brave Ulysses are also great classics with a psychedelic twist. The blues of Take It Back, Blue Condition, and Mother's Lament reflect Cream's really soulful side. None of the extended jams like on their first album and really no weak or tiring songs. This is one of the classic albums of 1967. A definite winner.
B000002TQV|5.0|This cd is simply amazing! Every song from start to finish is breathtaking. In my opinion I think that this might be better then OK Computer. Don't get me wrong OK Computer is great and is a legend, but the Bends has something. Maybe it's more emotion, I don't know. If you are looking for a cd buy this. You will not be disapointed. Radiohead is right now is the most hard working band in the world. They are legends in thier own time. They are the real deal unlike all those boy bands,(You know who I'm talking about) they should be ruling the airwaves. Once again buy this cd, or I will come to your house and beat you! I am Serious.
0440224764|2.0|For me, a good book/movie has to have a good ending, and by saying a good ending, I don't necessarily mean a lovely ending but I mean an interesting ending, a surprising one or something just purely nice. The ending of this book left me with a very empty feeling that I even have a hard time explaining why. I feel deceived and I feel as if I wasted my time.  Therefore, I advise on reading other John Grishm books and not this one.
630407185X|5.0|An outstanding war movie and as some have mentioned, better than &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; for giving an overview of large-scale operations in Europe during WWII. My only criticism lies with Metro Goldwyn Meyer's DVD release of this film. During the early 1980s, this epic debuted on network television, and included both additional footage (particularly a scene of a group of soldiers caught in the street-to-street fighting in Nijmegen) and an hour-long documentary on the &quot;making of.&quot; Why these were not included in the DVD version (which is practically standard procedure to sell re-releases now days) is beyond me. The &quot;making of&quot; was particularly interesting, with interviews with Attenborough, Levine, Redford, Connery and Dutch citizens of Deventer, (the town that stood in for Arnhem in the movie.) The ommission of this footage and documentary seems almost criminal, and the best explanation I can think of is that MGM just didn't try hard enough to track it down.
0452277752|5.0|I've read nearly all the Stephen King books (including the co-authored with Peter Straub) and I must say that King has done his best work as Richard Bachman.  Many years ago, when the Long Walk went to the bookshelves as it's own work, written by an unknown author named Bachman, I picked it up simply by accident.  King had been my favorite author at the time, and after reading The Long Walk, I had found a new favorite author.  Although it is now widely known that Bachman and King co-exist in the same mind, their writing styles definately differ.  I encourage anyone that likes King to dive into a Bachman book, particularly The Long Walk.  If The Long Walk isn't what you are looking, try The Running Man.  The movie The Running Man, although based on the book, comes no where near the same intensity nor even the same plot as the book.  The book, like most books against movies, is about 10 times beeter than the movie.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Californication was a great album.  All kinds of people liked it- long time Chili Peppers fans and pop-radio, as the sales reflected.  They won best song of the year for &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, and wrote a great, meandering album.  It starts off strong with &quot;Around The World&quot;, which mixes up the old hip-hop-funk sound the Chilis used to have with the new-age poppy sound that is prelevant on this album.  The album is a success. This is a great album, don't take the four star rating wrong.  I give it four because it's not as good as other stuff of theirs.  In my opinion, Blood Sugar Sex Magik and Mothers Milk deserve 5 stars, Freaky Styley and Californication 4 stars (those are all the Chili albums I own) Good songs here are: Around The World, Scar Tissue, Otherside, Parallel Universe, Road Trippin', and Emit Remmus. Buy it.
B00004XQP4|4.0|This CD is sweet. The lyrics are not as clever in all of the other albums, most notibly Dookie.  The songs are slower than all the other albums.  The tunes arn't as catchy and don't have as many stupidly fun solos.  But this album is still one of the best albums that have come out this year.   It has some good punk songs on it, while having good acoustic songs as well. It is good for a person who likes a lot of different types of alternative music.
B000002UTH|4.0|I have a radio show on ..., and I play reggae, ska, and funk.  I have regularly played the Red Hot Chili Peppers on the grounds that they are funk.  My station manager thinks they're not funk, and doesn't want me to play them.  If anything proves that the Chilis are funk, it's Freaky Styley.  George Clinton, the grandaddy of funk produced it.  And just one listen to this great album shows you how funky it is.  If you like funk, or the Chili Peppers, you've got to get this.  Best tracks= If You Want Me To Stay, The Brothers Cup, and Blackeyed Blonde. Only reason it didn't get five stars is that although its very good, it's not the best the Flea and co. could do (for that, see Blood Sugar Sex Magik)
B00003CXB2|5.0|The words needed to properly describe the grandeur, the flat-out SIZE of this film have simply not yet been coined.  Sorry.<br />Buy the movie and mayhaps you can come up with some of your own.<br />I give it a 67 out of 5.  Need a better review? Read Lawrence's biography by J. Wilson.  In a month you will either be ready to cement-over the Sahara or buy the movie.  My hopes are with the latter.  =)
6304057709|5.0|Starring Emma Thompson, who also wrote the screenplay for this 1995 adaptation of Jane Austen's first novel, this is a big beautiful sweeping film that transcends the centuries.<br />Under the very excellent direction of Ang Lee, a Taiwanese native whose career started with Chinese language films such as The Wedding Banquet&quot; and has since directed &quot;The Ice Storm&quot; and &quot;Ride With the Devil,&quot; his sense of Britain in the 1790s is excellent.  He manages to convey  every nuance of the manners of that time and keeps the story as fresh to the modern audience as when it was first written.<br />Basically, it is a story of a formerly wealthy widow who is left in very moderate circumstances and who needs to marry off her two oldest daughters. Emma Thompson is cast as Elinor Dashwood, the older of the two sisters and the most &quot;sensible&quot;.  Kate Winslet, who later rose to fame in Titanic, is the younger and more impetuous one.  Both are excellent actresses and their performances ring with absolute nuanced perfection.<br />Hugh Grant is cast as Elinor Dashword's love interest, and Kate Winslet is romanced by both Alan Rickman as the older and serious landowner and Greg Wise as the dashing young man who sweeps her off her feet.  The road to true love, however, is rife with obstacles, and there is tension throughout because the characters rarely say what they mean as the plot twists and turns and keeps the audience on edge. I was totally caught up in the story, feeling the emotions of the characters and actually finding myself weeping at the very satisfying conclusion.<br />Emma Thompson was nominated for two academy awards for this film -- one for her writing and one for her acting.  She won for her writing the best screenplay based on material from another medium.  Kate Winslet was also nominated for an academy award as best supporting actress.  The movie won the Golden Globe as best motion picture and the list of other awards and nominations are just too numerous to mention.<br />Don't miss this video!  It is an absolute joy from beginning to end.  I give it my highest recommendation.just too numerous to mention.<br />Don't miss this video!  It is an absolute joy from beginning to end.  I give it my highest recommendation.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|Sometimes, i am like everybody, i settle for a greatest hits album.It is impossible to resist that one that has 75 minutes of pure gold JIMI.All the essential is there, from PURPLE HAZE right to DOLLY DAGGER and ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER.THE voodoo chile has his own museum now in SEATTLE ,but gee whiz it's a long trip from MONTREAL when you don't have any friends living there.Buy this, you won't regret it.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|You hate the bugs, but you LOVE the band!  They're the Beatles--the now-legendary British quartet consisting of John, Paul, George, and Ringo.  You've heard their songs more than a billion times, and you've collected every single CD they've released.  You're a die-hard Fab Four fanatic.  So you leaped with excitment when you heard that their autobiography (&quot;The Beatles Antholegy&quot;) was finally out, and you were even happier when you heard that they're releasing a companion album, &quot;The Beatles 1&quot;.<br />But let me tell ya somethin'.  This CD isn't that great of a buy, especially if you really HAVE bought every other CD that's been put out.  Just look at those songs!  They're merely repeats of the songs you've already memorized.  You already know she loves you, and you've already told her you want to hold her hand, and you've already let it be.  Captiol/Apple just wants money, and they're trying to get it by giving you all of the songs you already have!  If you want the good stuff--ALL of their cool songs--dust off your copies of the Red and Blue Albums.  What?  They're missing?  Than buy new copies of those!<br />This disc is only valuebale for three reasons:<br />* CONVIENCE.  All of their #1s on one CD instead of all 1 million you've got.<br />* YOUTH.  Buy this one for your kid, and you'll have them rocking to the songs WE like instead of those trashy groups they like.  Besides, the Beatles can't live forever unless their music is heard by everyone.<br />* A MILLION AND ONE.  If you insiwst on completing your collection, or you just want this disc because it's the companion to the Antholegy, go ahead and buy it.<br />So, it's your choice--The Beatles 1: To buy or not to buy.  That is the question.  What's your answer?
0517122707|5.0|I read many years ago the Spanish translation of this book in Argentina, and after finishing it I gave it as a present to my friends, relatives, pofessors, etc. Was a quite diverse group, but they had something in common: they agreed that this book is a work of a genious. It is almost like reading Borges.<BR>However it seems that many of the reviewers try to judge the book as a book of history, sociology, or whatever, which in turns probe that is superlative, since made them forget that they were reading fiction (which for they information, it doesn't need to be sociologically accurate, politically correct, and so on).<BR>If you take time to read many reviews, specially the ones that rated the book quite low, you will see hilarious things like &quot;the portrait of African-American is dated&quot;; the one who wrote that also forgot to say that the portrait of Italians in Romeo and Juliet is dated too, or that the portrait of Greeks is dated in the Illiad, so Shakespeare and Homer were not good! Come on, what do you expect of a book written in the beginning of the 60's? A guy using mobile Internet, and praysing that the new Secretary of State is African-American?<BR>Or you can enjoy one review saying that he/she took more than one month in reading the book, and that the book was really bad...What can you expect of somebody who takes more than one month in reading a book of a little more than 400 pages?? (pages smaller than A5 size, and with a quite big font)<BR>I do understand that people have different tastes in literature too, but when you read a review, you have to keep in mind what are they talking about: in some part they forgot that they were reading a fictional book and started to blaim the caracters for what they do (or don't do), or the author for using his real life as inspiration (what even if is true or not, who knows, it doesn't matter at all; what matters is the story, and that's all).<BR>I still believe that is a really good book, but after reading many reviews I understand why Sydney Sheldon sells so many books!
0394533054|3.0|Though the Myth of Sisyphus is the essay in which Camus best expresses his philosophy of  Existentialism, he is most familiar to many of us through this short novel.  Influenced by American  hard-boiled fiction and film noir, it tells the deceptively simple story of a young French Algerian  named Meursault.  As the novel opens he announces, in one of the best known opening lines in all of  literature: &quot;Maman died today.&quot;  (In the most widely read previous English language version, by the  great translator Stuart Gilbert, the line was rendered: &quot;Mother died today.&quot;)  Meursault travels to the  nursing home where she is to be buried, but mystifies the staff and his mother's friends by his failure  to react emotionally to her death.  He does not cry, does not ask to view the body and leaves  immediately after she is buried.  At the close of the day he observes:<br />  It occurred to me that anyway one more Sunday was over, that Maman was buried now, that I was  going back to work, and that, really, nothing had changed.<br />This establishes him as an Existential hero, someone who recognizes the futility of human existence,  but continues on even in the face of it's fundamental absurdity.<br />In the ensuing days he interacts with the other tenants of his building, including Raymond Sintes, a  pimp, and with his coworkers, including Marie Cardona, actually a former coworker with whom he  starts having an affair.  He further demonstrates his indifference to mundane concerns in a couple of  episodes.  He angers his boss by not responding with sufficient enthusiasm to a promotion:<br />  'You're young, and it seems to me it's the kind of life that would appeal to you.'  I said yes but that  really it was all the same to me.  Then he asked me if I wasn't interested in a change of life.  I said  that people never change their lives, that in any case one life was as good as another and that I  wasn't dissatisfied with mine here at all.  He looked upset and told me that I never gave him a  straight answer, that I had no ambition, and that this was disastrous in business.  So I went back to  work.  I would rather not have upset him, but I couldn't see any reason to change my life.  Looking  back on it, I wasn't unhappy.  When I was a student, I had lots of ambitions like that.  But when I  had to give up my studies I learned very quickly that none of it really mattered.<br />And when Marie asks him if he wants to marry her:<br />  I said it didn't make any difference to me and that we could if she wanted to.  Then she wanted to  know if I loved her.  I answered the same way I had the last time, that it didn't mean anything but  that I probably didn't love her.<br />Eventually he gets drawn into a violent dispute between Sintes and a gang of Arabs.  There is a knife  fight on the beach one day and Meursault ends up with a gun.  Later, walking by himself on the beach,  he meets up with one of the Arabs and shoots him, then shoots him four more times after he's fallen to  the sand.<br />In the second half of the novel he is put on trial for murder.  Everyone from his own attorney to the  judge is mystified, even horrified by Meursault's indifference to his own actions and to the proceedings  which will determine his fate.  During the prosecutor's summation, Meursault reflects:<br />  I was listening, and I could hear that I was being judged intelligent.  But I couldn't quite understand  how an ordinary man's good qualities could become crushing accusations against a guilty man.  At  least that was what struck me, and I stopped listening to the prosecutor until I heard him say, 'Has  he so much as expressed any remorse?  Never, gentlemen.  Not once during the preliminary  hearings  did this man show emotion over his heinous offense.'  At that point, he turned in my direction,  pointed his finger at me, and went on attacking me without ever really understanding why.  Of  course, I couldn't help admitting that he was right.I didn't feel much remorse for what I'd done.  But I was surprised by how relentless he was.  I would have liked to have tried explaining to him  cordially, almost affectionately, that I had never been able to truly feel remorse for anything.  My  mind was always on what was coming next, today or tomorrow.<br />He is convicted and sentenced to the guillotine.  While awaiting execution he entertains one fleeting  dream of escape:<br />  The papers were always talking about the debt owed to society.  According to them, it had to be  paid.  But that doesn't speak to the imagination.  What really counted was the possibility of escape,  a leap to freedom, out of the implacable ritual, a wild run for it that would give whatever chance  for hope there was.  Of course, hope meant being cut down on some street corner, as you ran like  mad, by a random bullet.  But when I really thought it through, nothing was going to allow me  such a luxury.  Everything was against it; I would just be caught up in the machinery again.<br />And so, having accepted his fate again, Meursault finally has a moment of apotheosis.  A priest is  trying for the umpteenth time to counsel him, when:<br />  Then, I don't know why, but something inside me snapped.  I started yelling at the top of my lungs,  and I insulted him and told him not to waste his prayers on me.  I grabbed him by the collar of his  cassock. I was pouring out on him everything that was in my heart, cries of anger and cries of joy.  He seemed so certain about everything, didn't he?  And yet none of his certainties was worth one  hair of a woman's head.  He wasn't even sure he was alive, because he was living like a dead man.  Whereas it looked as if I was the one who'd come up emptyhanded.  But I was sure about me, about  everything, surer than he could ever be, sure of my life and sure of the death I had waiting for me.  Yes, that was all I had.  But at least I has as much of a hold on it as it had on me.  I had been right,  I was still right, I was always right.  I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived  it another.  I had done this and I hadn't done that.  I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.  And so?  It was as if I had waited all this time for this moment and for the first light of this dawn to  be vindicated.  Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why.  So did he.  Throughout the whole  absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future,  across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind leveled whatever was offered to me  at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living.  What did other people's deaths or a  mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they  elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like  him who also called themselves my brothers?  Couldn't he see, couldn't he see that?  Everybody was  privileged.  There were only privileged people.  The others would all be condemned one day.  And  he would be condemned, too.<br />Exhausted by this outburst, Meursault sleeps and when he awakes a calmness has settled upon him:<br />  For the first time in a long time I thought about Maman.  I felt as if I understood why at the end  of  her life she had taken a 'fianc&eacute;,' why she had played at beginning again.  even there, in that home  where lives were fading out, evening was a kind of wistful respite.  So close to death, Maman must  have felt free then and ready to live it all again.  Nobody, nobody had the right to cry over her.  And I felt ready to live it all again too.  as if the blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope;  for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference  of the world.  Finding it so much like myself--so like a brother, really--I felt i had been happy and  that I was happy again.  For everything to be consummated, for me to feel less alone, I had only to  wish that there was a large crowd of spectators the day of my execution and that they greet me with  cries of hate.<br />So ends the novel, with Meursault having become a nearly Christlike figure, with grace descending  upon him as he awaits execution.<br />But, of course, the message here is anything but Christian.  Meursault's passivity in the face of life and  his indifference to the quality of his own actions, up to and including murder, are the inevitable  culmination of Existential philosophy.  For if it's true that nothing matters, why regulate your  behavior?  You may as well act on your every impulse.  The irony is that Camus used this as the  jumping off point to try to reconstruct morality, but on a Godless basis.  Unfortunately, experience  demonstrates that this task is impossible, not because of any intrinsically religious quality of God, but  because it removes the concept of the absolute and necessarily replaces it with the relative.  And once  morality is deemed a relative set of principles there is nothat was all I had.  But at least I has as much of a hold on it as it had on me.  I had been right,     I was still right, I was always right.  I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived     it another.  I had done this and I hadn't done that.  I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.     And so?  It was as if I had waited all this time for this moment and for the first light of this dawn to     be vindicated.  Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why.  So did he.  Throughout the whole     absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future,     across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind leveled whatever was offered to me     at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living.  What did other people's deaths or a     mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they     elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like     him who also called themselves my brothers?  Couldn't he see, couldn't he see that?  Everybody was     privileged.  There were only privileged people.  The others would all be condemned one day.  And     he would be condemned, too.<br />Exhausted by this outburst, Meursault sleeps and when he awakes a calmness has settled upon him:<br />    For the first time in a long time I thought about Maman.  I felt as if I understood why at the end  of     her life she had taken a 'fianc,' why she had played at beginning again.  even there, in that home     where lives were fading out, evening was a kind of wistful respite.  So close to death, Maman must     have felt free then and ready to live it all again.  Nobody, nobody had the right to cry over her.     And I felt ready to live it all again too.  as if the blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope;     for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference     of the world.  Finding it so much like myself--so like a brother, really--I felt i had been happy and     that I was happy again.  For everything to be consummated, for me to feel less alone, I had only to     wish that there was a large crowd of spectators the day of my execution and that they greet me with     cries of hate.<br />So ends the novel, with Meursault having become a nearly Christlike figure, with grace descending  upon him as he awaits execution.<br />But, of course, the message here is anything but Christian.  Meursault's passivity in the face of life and  his indifference to the quality of his own actions, up to and including murder, are the inevitable  culmination of Existential philosophy.  For if it's true that nothing matters, why regulate your  behavior?  You may as well act on your every impulse.  The irony is that Camus used this as the  jumping off point to try to reconstruct morality, but on a Godless basis.  Unfortunately, experience  demonstrates that this task is impossible, not because of any intrinsically religious quality of God, but  because it removes the concept of the absolute and necessarily replaces it with the relative.  And once  morality is deemed a relative set of principles there is no
630512762X|3.0|The premise of this film is absoutely ludicrous, that John Travola and Nicolas Cage can swap faces (and voices) and pass effectively as one another's characters. Of course, this could never happen--their bone structure is quite different, even if the problems of tissue rejection could be overcome. Once you accept that absurdity, then the film is fun. Cage is totally over the top in his acting, and Travolta is not far behind; and of course Woo is way, way over the top with his direction--but if you are a Woo fan, you've seen a lot of this before. Still, it is stylish, and there is some interesting exploration of the character's reaction to their situation. Worth a look, just hold your logic in check; and be sure to call me when the technology becomes available to the general public. Now, I've got to find a willing donor....
B000002JOF|5.0|For me, this album marks the big watershed in Chris Rea's career. Everything he did beforehand seems to be leading up to this, and everything since seems to be falling gradually away (not without some merit, it might be said). In many ways, this album reminds me of a 'concept' album - the tracks all revolve around the same idea - basically the social decline in the UK in the late 1980s. Chris Rea takes up his theme with enthusiasm - there are songs about the M25 (London Orbital Motorway) being clogged with traffic (the title track), the TV news (You Must Be Evil) and the political and social scene generally (Looking for a Rainbow). Two song deal with escapism - 'Texas' - the idea of getting away from all the troubles, and 'Daytona' - more cars.<br />Musically, this album is excellent. True, the backing may sometimes leave a little to be desired, but Chris is a vituoso Slide Guitar player, and this album doesn't dissapoint. Also, very typically Chris Rea, the guitar is well integrated into the music - long introverted solos are not his scene.<br />The closing track deserves a special mention. 'Tell Me Theres a Heaven' is a totally over the top attempt to make sense of it all. In any other setting it would probably sound plain silly, but after all this seriousness it just about works, especially if you're a lover of happy endings.<br />Overall, this album is not without it's flaws - but that probably goes for most albums ever made. Ultimately, the positive things contained here more than make up for the flaws; I highly recommend this work.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Helena Bonham-Carter's acting is perfect, Edward Norton's acting is perfect, Meatloaf's acting is perfect, and Brad Pitt's abs are perfect.  While not as profound as the author was intending, this is one hell of a movie, if you'll just give it that old willing suspension of disbelief.  I give it 4.9 stars out of 5.  Comes in just behind The Wizard of Oz and Lawrence of Arabia.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Before you shrug this off as another mass-market tie-in or money-grab, take stock in the fact that these songs are finally being given a playable quality they richly deserve. The 24-bit mastering process breathes a life back into these recordings that has been sorely lacking in any of the original CD releases of the original Bristish LP's or the two companion single/EP Past Masters discs. The 30th anniversary edition of the 'white album' was an improvement thanks to 20-bit technology, and the new Yellow Submarine was a high-quality improvement, thanks to the efforts put forth by those who re-created the songs by going back to all original session tapes and overdubs to create a pristine edition, and now if it is at all possible, EMI, please go back to the original master tapes and start re-mastering all the original catalogue!  Other record companies are doing it to their back catalogue with lesser artists.  Your most important franchise deserves it more than any other artist.
0790733900|5.0|Probably one of the finest movies I have ever seen. Paul Newman, George Kennedy and a cast of very young upcoming stars! Wayne Rogers, Dennis Hopper, Joe Don Baker and Harry Dean Stanton add to a motion picture that say's, &quot;drop everything and watch!&quot; I've never grown tired of watching it, a masterpiece of American cinema! Robert Keller
0671688782|1.0|Licking Therapy? Holding therapy to cure Autism? Where is the scientific research and theory? This was a very bizarre book and, after listening to her talk at a conference, even more controversial and strange. Unaccepted in the medical community and too &quot;new wave&quot; or &quot;old wave &quot;. No logical method. I think this book is only for the desparate. Some good insights but not a recommended treatment as it is just too off the wall.
6304457383|5.0|Lock the front door, turn down the lights and don't                   forget that tub of popcorn! Here is a thriller sure to                   make the hair on the back of your neck stand                   upright. Susie Hendrix, played by the wonderful                   Audrey Hepburn, is a blind woman being spied and                   terrorized upon in her own apartment. When Susie's                   husband Sam is asked to hold an antique doll for a                   woman who mysteriously disappears, little does he                   know the horror that will unfold. Unknown to Susie,                   the drug-filled doll is in their home and a                   psychopath, played by Alan Arkin, must retrieve it                   by any means necessary. Hepburn adds much                   suspense to this movie; she may be blind, but she's                   not stupid and she quickly unravels the mind games                   of Arkin. For those of you who thought blind                   people were defenseless, think again!
0671004107|5.0|I have seen the movie, Contact, about 20 times, and every time i watch it i love it.  I am on my second reading of the book which has made me think a lot more.  It had made me more interested in the universe - how infinite it is, how beautiful it is...and it is shown beautifully in both the movie and the book.
B000051VWW|4.0|Its time to uncork the red wine and roll out the bear skin rug. It's been eight long years since Sades' last studio record but time collapeses on itself the minute the first note is played. Timeless is the quality I would assign to the music of Sade. &quot;It all sounds the same&quot; is something I heard the other day from a coworker concerning Sades' fabulous new CD &quot;Lovers Rock.&quot; Would people expect that maybe Sade would come out with a new CD sounding like Marilyn Manson or hey better yet maybe Britney Spears...NOT! Sade stays within the range of what she does best and adds depth and dimension to her lyrics and arrangements. Standout tracks include #5 &quot;All About Our Love&quot; and the poignant &quot;The Sweetest Gift&quot; surly written for her young daughter. After the bands first three remarkable albeit slightly uneven CD's, &quot;Love Deluxe&quot; permanently ushered in and solidified &quot;the Sade sound.&quot; &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; builds on that and takes it a step further--we have yet to hear anything like &quot;Slave Song&quot; or &quot;Immigrant&quot;. Take time with this CD, it will reveal its magic to you over repeated listens. I'll take 50 Sade CD's that &quot;sound the same&quot; than any one CD in the top 10 today. Rock on serene goddess.
0345441184|5.0|I read widely, very widely, many genres and thousands of books and I still find this to be an enthralling read. This book is a keeper - one to take on a desert island. I'm not going to say reading it changed my life, but on the other hand much of the praise given in the preceeding reviews is justified. <br />To those that criticise - check the genre, historical fantasy. The Arthurian mythology is exactly that - Arthur the man as current legend has it never existed. Tintegel, the round table, the love triangle etc is all fantasy. As a historical figure Arthur would have lived in the 6th century - so no shining knights. Much of the story was added centuries later by French Romanticists when the idea of courtly love was trendy.<br />The contrast of Christianity vs paganism is a central tenet of the myth. And please - rabid Christians, find something else to take offence at, there is usually plenty to find for your narrow-minded type. Considering that one of the earliest and most venerated versions of King Arthur and Camelot was written by a monk trying to pander his way up the religous ladder I don't see how MZB can be criticised for continuing this theme.<br />The Australian author Sara Douglass (who is by profession a historian) has written a masterful examination of the Arthurian legend in literature and history (The Betrayal of Arthur) and it is well worth looking up if that is what you are interested in.<br />Otherwise, Mists is an excellent read, an absorbing story. So many positive reviews here and the length of time at the top of the sales charts are proof of that. You can't please everyone all of the time, but the book deserves that you read and form your own conclusions.
0553573403|5.0|I picked this book up because it said it was the &quot;Fantasy Novel of the Year&quot;, and I was surprised to find that its boasting was true!  George R. R. Martin has always been a fantastic author, and he is at his prime in this series.  The characters are fascinating, the writing is tight, and the plot doesn't get any better.  I am a huge fan of &quot;high-fantasy&quot;, and it's hard to find a book (much less a series) that manages to elevate itself above its genre.  This book includes all of my favorite fantasy elements, yet manages to twist them into something new.<br />While I can tell that this series will eventually be about &quot;saving the world against the forces of darkness&quot;,  this first book concentrates on the in-fighting amongst the houses.  The characters are three-dimensional, and finally, the good guys sometimes act unfairly, and the bad guys sometimes have honor.  In addition, a wonderful surprise, the women have their own three-dimensional distinct personalities. For myself, this is one of the most difficult finds in fantasy.<br />The interplay between the houses is truly fascinating, as is the shaping of the characters by their house creed.  My favorite is the House Stark motto &quot;Winter is Coming.&quot;  Juxtapose this against the Lannisters &quot;who always pay their debts&quot;, and the Tullys bound to &quot;Duty, family, and honor&quot;, and you can tell you'll have a fascinating read.  Plot follows within sub-plot until you can't decide who you hope will win.<br />A note of warning, however, this book is extremely graphic and holds no punches. It's not for the light-hearted.<br />Overall, a fantastic, highly-entertaining book that you won't be able to put down. (9.5 out of 10)
6305226296|5.0|The Bee Gees have always been great performers, but this is their career topping concert.  Four decades of songs are showcased here with impeccable harmonies and a first class band.  The highlights are the guest appearances whether ala 'Nat King Cole' style or real like Celine Dion.  Yup, Franki Valli and a tear-jerking Andy Gibb can be heard here as well as the Celine highlight.  There is too much and too little as great songs like, &quot;Nights On Broadway&quot; and &quot;Guilty&quot; are cut short, but the typical 'Bee Gees song medley' and the 'Night Fever/More Than A Woman' segment made up for that.  In retrospect, the concert could have had more lighting effects, but, geez, the sound is just so good, you wonder if it really makes a difference.  This was a historic event.
B00004S6GL|5.0|This album, while seemingly vunerable, possesses the ability to make one realize the unfortunate realities of the world we live in.  Wonderful guitar and piano work.  Highly recommended to an acoustic, emotional, or just good music fan.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|The songs on this CD are apparently intended to represent the Beatles' records that reached #1 through a combination of both the American BILLBOARD charts and the British MELODY MAKER CHARTS.  &quot;Love Me Do,&quot;Eight Days A Week,&quot; &quot;Yesterday,&quot;  &quot;Something,&quot; &quot;Come Together,&quot; &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; are on the US list, but not the UK;  &quot;From Me To You,&quot;Day Tripper,&quot; &quot;Yellow Submarine,&quot; &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; and &quot;The Ballad of John and Yoko,&quot; are on the UK list, but not the US.  I don't see &quot;Lady Madonna&quot; on either list.  The UK list also includes &quot;From Me To You&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; neither of which appear on this CD.  Perhaps my lists are not correct or need to be updated, but the question remains:  WHOSE number-ones are these?  I remember that in the pre-CD days, Capitol Records released an LP of the Beatles' TWENTY #1 hits.  <br />Having said all that, I'll say all this:  the music is, of course, the same undeniably great, timeless music we've always known.  But this collection seems redundant and unneccessary.  I hope Capitol doesn't plan to adopt the merchandising methods of Tom Parker, who conspired with RCA Records to re-package and re-package Elvis Presley's catalog ad infinitum.  Capitol might do well to reissue the Beatles' rather short original CDs as twofers, but collections of the nature of &quot;1&quot; strike me as nothing more than semi-creative merchandising, selling us all music we probably already own.
0345350472|5.0|The best science-fiction is not about making predictions of the future(that's a simplistic adolescent take on science fiction), the best science fiction makes a point about the human condition, it makes the reader consider or realize an underlying truth about life here and now.  This novel is a good science fiction book. In it Philip K. Dick, seems to implicitly ask &quot;What does it mean to be alive?&quot;, &quot;What is consciousness?&quot; &quot;Can consciousness exists indepedently from a physical body?&quot;  (The androids have a consciousness but not a human body), &quot;Is the psyche just a collection of thoughts?&quot; and &quot;is there a psyche at all?&quot;.  This novel seems to ask these questions, and although they are never answered (and thus the &quot;?&quot; in the title), it creates a sense of wonder in the careful reader. The whole novel has an existentalist tone; and in the end, Decker is portrayed as resigned to just accept life as it is.      Please don't be deceived with the cover, this book has little in common with the movie (although the movie is also great!).  You should think of this novel as different story (although both movie and book follow a rough outline). The movie was inspired by this novel, and even captures a little of the same essence as the novel; but this book can only be appreciated in its own merit.
B00001R3HX|5.0|Although Coma Divine came close, this is still my favorite PT album.  A magazine review said it was &quot;as inspired as an Apollo mission&quot;.  All the more amazing is that Steve Wilson almost single-handedly gave us this disc, from playing to production.  The melancholy of Fadeaway has brought tears to my eyes.  The soaring instrumental Burning Sky still gives me the chills.  Crescendos abound, as do impassioned Floyd-like guitar solos.  This music is mesmerizing and enthralling.  Earlier PT (On The Sunday of Life and the long-deleted Yellow Hedgerow Dreamscape) was wildly uneven.  Up The Downstair is well composed, well played, and well produced.  Okay, so were subsequent albums.  Downstair is just that much more captivating for me.  For the uninitiated, this is like &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; era Pink Floyd infused with a touch of techno/dance and some Rush-like energy.  There is, as with most PT music, a definite ebb and flow to the music.  Emphasis on synthesizers and guitar.  While the &quot;real-sounding&quot; drums and bass are not virtuosic, they are perfect for the compositions.  The vocals are muted and the lyrics are &quot;out there&quot;, but again that seems perfect.  Simply brilliant music.  If you don't own any P. Tree, start here.  If you like The Sky Moves Sideways and Signify, you will like this.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I will buy this CD. I personally do not know of a BAD Beatles song.  There may be some I like more than others , but none are bad. The same can be said for this CD, I may not like it the best but that doesn't make it invaluable.  As some others have suggested this doesn't contain this or that.  Well if they had paid attention, it's not supposed to..it does contain there #1's and that is NOT a bad thing, whether they are in some kind of flow or not.  If you like the Beatles and always have you will want this, if not I don't particularly care what planet you are on. If per chance some younger people have never heard the greatest rock n' roll group of all time and the one that changed the course of history, musical and otherwise, then I hope this will help them understand, and consequently buy other Beatles albums/CD's and they too can hear the magic, learn and be forever smitten.
B0000024TT|5.0|The first and finest instalment of one of the most beautiful odysseys in popular music. This whole record is a mysterious and magical domain. One of those very rare discoveries that becomes part of your life.
B00004WEJZ|1.0|I've always had a preference for this admittedly flawed Bond outing, mainly because Connery's return as a middle-aged Bond somehow makes the character more believable than the overblown Roger Moore episodes. (Though in fairness, it should be pointed out that the more recent Brosnan films, with their slick and outdated pomposity, make both Moore and Connery look positively Shakespearean.) The cheeky, self-deprecating humor is the best thing this one has going for it, from Bond killing an adversary with his own vodka-poisoned urine specimen to Carrera demanding that she be added to 007's memoirs.<br />Having said that, it is simply incomprehensible that MGM would drop such crucial scenes as Bond formally introducing himself to Basinger--how do they expect viewers to forget the earlier health club scene, for which Bond owes Domino an apology?--and Brandauer's less important but amusing dialogue with Carrera about &quot;underpaid&quot; British agents.<br />This is one of the biggest blunders I have yet encountered in the supposedly &quot;definitive&quot; DVD format. Buy the VHS and don't get cheated.
6304938241|5.0|Henry James had the ability to develop intricate characters with extraordinary psychological depth, but his prose style is so dense (his friend Edith Wharton admitted that in places his writing is almost imcomprehensible) that few people are willing to dig down to the stratum of pure gold. What this beautiful film does is to excavate for us. It is a tale about a good person, someone who doesn't want to harm anyone, driven to manipulate the hearts of her lover and her best friend to get what she needs. Helena Bonham Carter brilliantly portrays a woman strong enough to withstand anything but her own feelings of guilt. I think that this story, written late in James's life, of someone on the outside looking in on a world of security and love is his story. James is Kate. The envy of Milly for who and what she is is palpable. Milly's money permits her to be honest and good, but her sweetness, in turn, makes her desirable to Merton. Milly is who Kate/James would like to be. On a less armchair psychological level, this is an incredibly romantic movie. Clothes before 1914 were more beautiful and just plain sexier. Stolen kisses -- and beyond -- really thrilled because they were so dangerous.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|1964.....The Cavern is now empty as the Beatles arrive at JFK International Airport, while the USA is still in mourning; and the droning do-wop sound is FINALLY broken.  A FRESH new sound, from four young lads from Liverpool, England arrive and take over America overnight, lifting our spirits with a sound never heard before.  Their latest cd, simply entitled &quot;1&quot; is definately THE one cd to get to hear the SOUND that continues into 2000 and beyond.  From 'Love Me Do' to 'The Long And Winding Road', this cd will taked you from the Cavern to the end of what some refer to the begining of the dark ages in music.  The Beatles, take you swiftly through a fast-paced era, year-by-year, from Ed Sullivan to Abbey Road.  Their songs reflect an era gone by, never to again be repeated.  The cd?  What about the cd, you may ask?  BUY IT!! By all means!  Whether you are a Baby-Boomer like myself or if you haven't yet really heard REAL music, this is THE cd.  Beatle-Boots, Beatle-Wigs, screamin' young chicks.....this cd brings the Fab-Four back again, not only into our living rooms but back into our hearts.  One, two, three, four.....And in the end....
6305949980|5.0|i love this movie. I love how it was a first of it's own kind, the characters, the way it had the &quot;Ginch who stole x'mas&quot; feel but with a twist. It felt like the batman movies - gothic and spooky.  It was just so interesting for the year it came out and nothing has really come close to it.  Even the sound track was funny and beautiful all at the same time.  A must see for anyone that likes their cartoons as much as the next big kid.
0385493622|5.0|After enjoying Singh's &quot;The Code Book&quot; I picked up a copy of Fermat's Enigma.  The problem itself was somewhat interesting to me, but I hoped Singh presentation of the story would be as good as &quot;The Code Book&quot;.  I wasn't disappointed.  The solution to the problem is wrapped in a compelling story that takes you through the history of mathematics, starting before Fermat's time.  Along the way Singh takes time to point out both the highlights and tragedies of mathematics, while weaving in elements of Andrew Wiles' life.<br />While the math behind the final solution to be problem may be out of reach for most people, Singh successfully communicates the essence of the mathematics used.  The book is not complex or saturated with equations and is accessible to just about anyone.  For those more interested in the mathematics, Singh includes a complete set of appendices containing problems and proofs from each era of mathematics he discusses.<br />All in all, a great read.  Highly recommended.
B000001IQH|4.0|Punk rock will live on while we have bands like Rancid dishing out more and more riveting stuff like this.  For old Clash fans, there is a reminder of early Joe Strummer &amp; Mick Jones here.  Put it on and let yourself punk out!!
0375704027|5.0|Unbelievable, amazing and beautiful. This book made Murakami a household name in Japan, and then later all over Asia. He became so popular he had to leave the country. The book came out in two different colored-covers, and school kids would actually decide what they were wearing based on which cover they were carrying that day.<br /><br />I admit that I went to this book with a bit of caution, schoolkids dressing for the cover, not much of a review in my book. I'd read a few of his books, and am amazed at his eloquence, so this one really took me off guard. It wasn't surreal like his other ones, it was a basic story that unfolds in a thoughtfully slow pace, but there was something about it that just holds your attention. I still wonder if it's the story or the storyteller that remains the heart of this book, but either way, you feel compelled to keep reading.<br /><br />The ending, is the biggest 'bang' of the whole story. I don't know why exactly, I've read it a few times now and I still don't know why that last page is so profound, but it has never failed to bring tears to my eyes...and the book, a special place on my shelf. I'm not dressing to match the cover of any of my books, but if I had to, it would probably be to this one. =)<br />- Vincent Yanez, Author of:It Doesn't Matter Which Road You Take
B00004SCX6|3.0|Britney Spears new, &quot;Oops!.. I Did It Again&quot; is a breath of fresh air. Her last album &quot;Baby Hit Me One More Time&quot; had a younger sound to it. This new album is packed with great sounds, lyrics, and beats. It shows her maturing talent, and expresses her sound much better than before. Has great lyrics, and a nice variety of songs. Most of the songs have great meaning behind this ... and I think this would be a great addition to anyones collection.
0385495315|4.0|If you like to read about how secrets, the protection of and the finding out, have affected and altered the course of history, this is a fun book to read. If you're interested in a very good, enjoyable overview of the history of secrets, this is a good book.<br />Ultimately, though, it's light. The history of cryptography is enormous, and a book this size can only summarize. If you're into the history, then The Codebreakers by David Kahn is the more definitive work.<br />If you're more interested in the personal stories of people involved with code making or breaking, there are some excellent works, such as Between Silk and Cyanide by Leo Marks, which give you more detail of particular people or times.<br />If you're interested in modern-day issues with computer security and encryption, Bruce Schneier has written two outstanding books, one for the programmer and one for the layman, detailing modern cryptographic techniques and security issues.<br />And if you're interested in a gripping fictional work, they don't come better than The Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson.<br />That's not to take away from Singh's book at all. It's extremely enjoyable, and it was a perfect vacation read for me. If you're not seriously into cryptography the way I am, you might not find the above books interesting, but find Singh absolutely fascinating. Recommended to anyone.
6305807043|2.0|This was a VERY strange movie.  It started out alright...though John Cusak and his puppets was weird..and Cameron Diaz and her animals was even weirder.  I will say that the movie was interesting and had a plot that kept me hooked--at least for a little.  The thing that got to me was that one character was having sex with John Malkovich WHILE Diaz was inside MAlkovich and the character (Maxine) and Diaz both new it and were doing this to have sex with each other....gross.  No offense to gays out there, but I think that &quot;gay&quot; sex did not need to be in that movie, because it really could have been good without it.
B00004SU5J|4.0|this is basically a marriage of techno with jazz. it would make an excellent gift for someone who needs their ears opened a little.  yet despite liberal (and generally quite effective) borrowing from disparate sources -- a variety of samples, ernest ranglin on guitar, west african talking drums -- this is actually a pretty conservative disk.  live jazz musicians play over sampled rhythm loops and the repetitive nature of these loops give it an undeniable groove.  but is also creates a rhythmic straightjacket, despite the talking drums which, in effect, also play over the loops. the result is some genuinely appealing music that never really goes over the top -- it can't, really.  contrast this with some of the studio pastiches that miles davis and teo macero created in the late 60s/early 70s using only an analogue tape recorder -- and that davis' bands were eventually able to recreate live (cf. &quot;jack johnson,&quot; &quot;agartha&quot;), or with similar contemporary work that is more adventuresome (e.g. ex-centric sound system).  i'd definitely give this to someone for christmas -- but i wouldn't expect it to change their life.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens is nothing like Alien.  Alien is a somewhat slow-paced horror film (but a good movie nonetheless).  Aliens is an edge-of-your-seat cut-the-air-with-a-knife intense sci-fi action-thriller.  The best ever made.  Hands down.  Action scenes are   simply insane.  The film's whole visual and audio style make it utterly engrossing.  Sigourney Weaver delivers possibly one of the most convincing performances I have ever seen in a movie.  Geiger's aliens are still here ('nuff said).  And if you're into that sort of thing, the weapons are the absolute coolest in any movie ever made.  In other words, this movie from the director of Titanic makes about as much sense as the unfathomably overrated Jurassic Park from the director of Schindler's List.  <br />Own this movie.  It's all you need from the Alien series, and you need it bad.
B0000508U6|5.0|It's about time that a band like Coldplay should come around.  Their cd Parachutes has meaningful, poetic lyrics sung in a variety of tones and creative instrumental arrangements that are mellow at one point and still know how to rock out(nothing to headbang to but it won't make you sleepy) at others.  I bought the cd in Ireland several weeks before it was released here in the US.  I was so captivated by this new band that I was ecstatic when I read reviews and articles in Spin and Elle magazines, saw the video for &quot;Yellow&quot; on Mtv2, and finally heard &quot;Yellow&quot; on a Southern New England modern rock station.  I thoroughly recommend it to people who like alternative rock, especially American bands such as Vertical Horizon, Stroke 9, Train, etc.  They are an up and coming band that definitely deserves some atttention.  I wish them the best of luck in their crossover to America- take the States by storm!
B00003CXFG|3.0|Nice Special Effects but thats about it! Actors make dumb moves in the movie. And they just have to use the &quot;F&quot; word, to make the movie cool.  If you like it when the women is the tough guy, this is for you. The one good guy turns out to be bad!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Listen to all the other hardcore Beatle fans here and explore their studio albums.  If there is any band out there to take a &quot;musical journey&quot; with its the Beatles.  Its tempting to get a hits collection like this one and dismiss their studio albums.  But you'll miss out on a musical group that produced brilliant albums without fillers.  A Hard Days Night, Rubber Soul, Revolver, &quot;White Album&quot;, and Abbey Road are some of most consistent albums aside from Led Zeppelin's work.  This is still a must have though 'cause many of these singles were never included in their studio albums.  Remember 45rpm singles?  Man, I still get misty eyed whenever I hear the Beatles.  No other music group has their Magic.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead may have expected the one-star reviews, and people saying its not as good as OK Computer, but that stuff still pisses me off.  This is not OK Computer.  I LOVE that album, and it was the best music I had ever heard up to that point.  But in my opinion, this is AT LEAST as good.  At first, I thought it was ok.  But then I remembered how it took me a few listens to recognize all the brilliance(in my opnion) of OK Computer.  So I listened again, and again, and again.  This one takes even longer to digest.  If you really did love ok computer, and were not just jumping on the un-popular band wagon, then you owe it to yourself to listen to this album a lot more.  Eventually it will show you musical sensitivity you've never imagined.  Now, when i listen to it w/o distractions, i pretty much go into a trance.  Its amazing how a song w/ no melody can make me feel more self-confident, and in-control then the wildest &quot;System Of A Down&quot; or &quot;Metallica&quot;.  Give it a shot, or more like 20 shots.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladtior is one of the best DVD's of the year. The amazing transfer is one of the best on the market. The sound quailty and picture make you feel as if you're in the theater again. The first disc is the feature and the detailed commentary by Ridley Scott. While the second disc is tv spots, trailers , documentary's and my personla favorite delted scenes. The dvd has over thirty mintues of delted scenes. This DVD's gives good character devloepment unlike the X-Men dvd. The seven minute montage is also a wonder. I would put this DVD on your Christmas wish list  followed by The Patriot, U-571, Pitch Black , The Perfect Storm , Titan A.E. and then X-Men.
B00004XONN|4.0|This CD has I'd say 3 or 4 songs that really have definition (like &quot;Optimistic&quot;) and can be played on the radio, while the rest, although pleasing to the ear, aren't really your normal music. Some seem more like pleasant noise than mainstream music. Don't get me wrong, I really like this cd, but If you're looking for raidoplay style music, try getting one of their older cds.
B00000IQC8|4.0|Sparkplug to Kevin Smith's very bright film-making\acting career. Tremendously witty comedy involving the lifestyles of two Jersey clerks. Whether it was discussing the endings to Star Wars movies or whether they should be kind to their customers, the two clerks never failed to make any situation hilarious. You won't want to miss laughing when Dante's ex-girlfriend screws a dead guy in the Quik Stop's bathroom and becomes, well, a little messed up in the head. I'll warn you right now that you will only find this View Askew Production as funny as I do if you enjoy a countless number of swears thrown onto a mountain of dirty jokes. If you like that sort of thing, you will immediately put this flick at the top of your favorite movie list. I suggest renting or BUYING all of Kevin Smith's films. You won't be disappointed.
0767819594|5.0|I have to say that when i orriginally first went to see the movie i did so because it contains some of my favorite actors, i wasnt expecting such an exellant story line that i got.  I dont think that there is a single fault with cruel intentions, although i dont recomend it for younger people but teens are gonna love it.  Its completly different from any other movie ive seen, and all charectors are acted superbly.
0312932081|5.0|This is probably the oldest book in existence that's actually popular among teenagers. And there's little wonder as to why.<br />It incorporates nicely a light, action filled sci-fi plot with equally lean elements of psychology. All the elements that made The Matrix a teenage hit.
6304578482|5.0|I absolutely love this movie, its so funny.   Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow are exeptionaly good in it.  The movie also has great music, and all in all the movie is realy fun to watch.  Although i dont think that it portrays high school life so well, its fun to watch the divisions between different types of high school kids in an exagerated way.
B0000033P0|5.0|This album gave to progressive rock a definition. Rock became more than a 4/4 rhythm, it was an alive style. The beginning of the Tarkus suite has one of the most complex Moog synth sounds, which ELP used a sample in the 92/93 tour. Lake's and Emerson's styles are melted for good in this album. It seems that they were trying to fuse musical ideas, not to stablishing poles as they did after. Palmer is, as always, perfect in everything.<br />Tarkus is one of the best essays on progressive rock, number one in 1971 UK charts. It's true that it's not as united as Brain Salad Surgery, but on the other hand, it's very fluent, and the sound production is a lot better (I don't know what's wrong with the sound of the latter, Lake's voice is different than in any other record, as the Hammond organs - maybe it's due to Eddie Offord's sound engineering absence). The live version of Tarkus in 1973/74 was bigger and very interesting also (available in &quot;Welcome Back My Friends...&quot;). I recommend you hear it and compare with the original.<br />What was the &quot;B-side&quot; of Tarkus has a lot of different genres, from rocky to classical, from almost heavy rock (Bitches Crystal) to pure humored rock (Are you ready, Eddie?) and fascinating homages to J. S. Bach in &quot;The Only Way&quot;, one of the most beautiful songs they did, followed by one of the most despaired: Infinite Space.<br />This album is from a time when any music of ELP was a rock treasure. It's very different from their 90's records, which you rather get a single really good song (not to mention the lot of 90's &quot;best of&quot;s, anthologies and repeated material that made loyal fans spend money for few never-released-before songs).
0783242808|5.0|Wow! is all you need to say when describing this movie, it is SO FUNNY.  Although i think it will only appeal to those of a certain age group (teens, twenties) it is definatley a must see for those.  I have seen it loads of times and its just as funny each time.  Out of the rated version and this one, the extra bits in this will get you in histerics, you have just got to see it.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Nothing more to say really, except that Sarah is the queen of all things.  The disk of course is amazing and if you like it you should check out the raw energy she display's on Rarities, B-sides and Remixes.  That is a CD to end all.
B00004WIBW|5.0|I dont usually like movies that are set in the past, but that was not the case with sleepy hollow, its one of the best movies i have seen with good acting and an exitingly unpradictable story line.  It brings up things that you never would think of.   It has a great cast and suprisingly a little humor.  I definatley recoment this for everyone.
B000021XR5|5.0|Part Core II, Part Purple II.  There's no denying these guys are masters of great riffs and raw energy. Add in the fact that they continue to overcome hard times and comeback with one solid record after the next.  Critics can say what they want.  STP have earned their stripes and will be one of the greats of rock and roll. This record is heavy, energetic, melodic and brooding.  Sonic Nirvana.  I wrote all my college papers with their first two CDs on full blast.  Buy everything they put out.  You won't be disappointed.
B00004Z1MN|2.0|At 16 maybe im too young to appreciate this type of movie but i realy didnt like it.  When i first saw it at the movies i came out feeling very boared, confused and thought i was missing something.  So when i had the oppotunity to see it again i thought i might understand it more.  Nope i was just as confused and parts of this movie just do not fit together.  From its advertising it sounded realy good, but its not what i thought it would be.  I give it 2 stars for the good acting and the good parts here and there but thats all.
B000006ZL4|5.0|This was my first Symphony X cd, and until the recent release of V was my favorite.  No hype...this cd is an absolute masterpiece.  Every instrument is played to perfection, the songwriting is brilliant, and Russell Allen is right up there with great metal vocalists like Tait, Dio, and Coverdale.  Michael Romeo is the musical standout of the group.  His rhythm playing is unmatched...period-heavy as hell, incredibly tight, and fast as lightning when needed.  His solos are equally incredible however his tone is a bit different than many other neoclassical guitar whizzes.  He is incredibly fast (ex. second solo of Of Sins and Shadows...also the tapping run in the second part of Sea of Lies), but he also displays a level of fluidity and sense of taste seen in very few of the Shrapnel/Leviathan speed freaks.  Do yourself a favor and buy this cd.  If you can find it, make sure to get the Michael Romeo Guitar Chapter video to see this monster play some of the solos off of this release too.  This is the best band around...period.
B00004YW6I|4.0|No, it aint Patty Smith, but its pretty good - probably the next best thing in music. Great to get back to a minimalist band. The good thing about PJ is she keeps moving on and this album is another stage in her music - and all the tracks are excellent. I don't give a 5 star to anyone except Patti, so my four stars mean it's a top CD.
B000002MTR|4.0|Being a dedicated Chili Peppers fan, it is extremely difficult for me to pick a favorite CD. However, of all of theirs, this is the one I listen to the most. It was hands down my favorite until Californication came out. Dave Navarro's style is extremely evident in every song, which deciphers this album from the rest. If you're new to the Chili Peppers I highly suggest you purchase this cd, then get into Blood Sugar Sex Magik and Freaky Styley. This cd is jammed packed with a great assortment of tracks.
B000002GC2|4.0|Quincy Jones has spent much of the last 25 years hosting and recording some of music's most inclusive parties. Grammy-winning LPs like &quot;Back On The Block&quot; and &quot;Q's Jook Joint&quot; cast musical styles (rock, hip-hop, jazz, R&amp;B, Latin) with narrative plot skill and personality depth reserved for the films Jones scored so well. Jones not only introduced many new stars (Tevin Campbell, Tamia) but stood behind some of music's touchstone moments, from Sinatra/Basie's legendary trilogy to Leslie Gore's &quot;It's My Party&quot; to Miles Davis embracing past successes and, of course, Michael Jackson's history-making &quot;Off The Wall&quot; and &quot;Thriller&quot; LPs and &quot;We Are The World.&quot;<br />Some Jones affairs got noisy and crowded (&quot;The Secret Garden&quot; on &quot;Back On The Block&quot; an example). But 1981's &quot;The Dude&quot; builds studio smooth, streamlined funk/jazz with Ferrari precision. The music builds around heart-pulse dance-R&amp;B basslines (courtesy of Louis Johnson), scatting, riffing horns (especially on the electrifying &quot;Ai No Corrida&quot; and &quot;Turn On The Action&quot;) and stinging rock guitar against jazzy vocals (from the superb Patti Austin and others).  Here Jones laid the blueprint for &quot;Thriller&quot;  and, by extension, much of 1980s pop and R&amp;B. (Jackson, Stevie Wonder, and Herbie Hancock perform here.)  James Ingram, whose later ballad work played mushy and oversweet as butter-soaked movie popcorn, turns in graceful, understated performances on &quot;Just Once&quot; and &quot;One Hundred Ways.&quot; Even then, their success showed what Ingram could do with producers (Jones, Thom Bell) building refined, Philly-style soul around his expressive voice.<br />Jones made his best, most cohesive use of the players here, using them on nearly all his productions and eventually bringing them to his own label, Qwest Records.  Despite tremendous successes to follow, &quot;The Dude&quot; remains a jewel in Jones' catalogue and essential to any 80s R&amp;B or jazz collection. Fans are also recommended to check out 1975's &quot;Body Heat&quot; and the career-spanning 2CD set, &quot;From Quincy With Love.&quot;s a jewel in Jones' catalogue and essential to any 80s R&amp;B or jazz collection. Fans are also recommended to check out 1975's &quot;Body Heat&quot; and the career-spanning 2CD set, &quot;From Quincy With Love.&quot;
B00004Z459|5.0|Nothing can hold up to Linkin Park's debut CD, Hybrid Theory. It's rock rap tones of Papercut, One Step Closer and Points of Authority never fail to blow my mind. The guitars work so well with the angry vocals, with the drum beats keeping everyone in unison. If you like Limp Bizkit, or any other Rock-Rap groups, this makes all others seem tame, inexperianced, disorganized garage band groups. The greatest of their genre, in my book, the greatest in the rock category.
0812550706|5.0|Recently, I went on vacation. My close friend asked to borrow a book of mine and in return, he shoved his battered copy of Ender's game into my hand. I shoved it into my suitcase.<br />I hate science fiction! I have read hundreds of books and can count on one hand how many were science fiction. But a funny thing happened on my trip. I finished the two books I had with me..uh-oh. So I rummaged through my suitcase and dug out this book.<br />This book is about a young boy, Ender Wiggin, who is a genious, a frowned upon &quot;third&quot;, or a third child, in a society where NO ONE has three children. He goes off to military school and is destined to become a great miliary leader in the war against the &quot;buggers&quot;, a harsh alien race. He is pulled away from his family, his hated brother and loved sister. <br />This book was absolutely absorbing. I read the whole thing in two days, pretty good for me, who scrutinized books and reads them many times.<br />I highly recommend this book to people of all ages who need to escape the real world and meet ender and his feirce group of first grade friends, and read all about their accomplishments.
0385474547|5.0|One of my top 10 reads of this year (based on which books I've read this year, not what has come out this year), Achebe manages to win the reader over to the side of a pretty unlikeably main character.  He also gives those outside the Ibo culture a chance to understand it so that when the bad colonizing forces of England come and begin to take over, we see that what England (and what, even USA did in other parts of the world) was a Bad Thing (tm).  This book is a complex work of art that all students of contemporary literature should read and will probably like.  I recommend this compelling narrative to anyone interested even vaguely in Nigeria or colonialism or just looking for a new culture to examine.
B00004U2A1|5.0|&quot;Evil Dead 2&quot; ranks with &quot;Dead Alive&quot; and &quot;Re-Animator&quot; in the limited genre of black comedies full of gore and terror.<br />The reason why this film works so well (by example, over the more popular follow-up &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;) is because the movie never let you know for sure that it is a comedy.<br />Example of the mix of horror and comedy: 1) The head of the decapitated girlfriend is biting our hero's hand. He runs like crazy to the shed in the backyard. 2) He traps the head in the benchpress. 3) The head talks sweetly as his girlfriend, and suddenly it changes to a demonic voice. 4) The hero reaches for the chainsaw. He opens a small curtain. No chainsaw. Only the chalk mark in the wall (like saying: here is where the chainsaw was supposed to be) 5) Cut to: the door opens abruptaly, and the decapitated body enters with the chainsaw. 6) Pure meyhem<br />Things like that. Oh, and as a result of that bite in the hand, now that extremity is possesed by a demon, while the rest of his body is not.<br />Excellent for a night with a group of friends. Highly recommended.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is one of the best bands out there. What Limp Bizkit lacks in good lyrics and a good singer, LP has in two great vocalists. What 311 lacks in hard rock, LP has. This band is amazing, their songs stay with you forever. This is defintely a must have for any music fan.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is possibly the best straight-up rock album of the seventies, possibly only second to physical graffitti, and of all time for that matter. I don't care what age you are if you truly appreciate rock music (not limp bizkit papa roach stuff) then this will be one of the best cd's you own.  Won't Get Fooled Again, Behind Blue Eyes, and Baba O'Riley are classics that have stood the test of time and all the other songs like Bargain and Naked Eye are awesome too.
B000051VWW|5.0|I like Sade's music from the past. I wasn't sure if she could do it again. But this CD is a little different from her past style and yet it is great! I enjoy it so much. Very relaxing and comforting. Can't stop playing it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is a remake of the embarassing 1992 Gladiator, starring Cuba Gooding Jr.  Ridley Scott deserves his own series of games to honor him for making us forget that previous dreadful embarassment.<br />Russel Crowe (in the Gooding Jr role) is terrific as General Maximus.  His fine acting chops are supplemented well by his James T. Kirk-like build.  Connie Nielsen, Richard Harris, and Ollie Reed are more than entertaining, and the special effects are nicely done.  <br />The supplemental material on the DVD (with a nice behind the scenes documentary, and cutting room footage) is worth the price.  The best thing about the DVD?  You can fast forward past all those painful to watch Joaquin Phoenix scenes.  Whew!
B00003CX8J|5.0|This is one of the best comic book adapatations I have ever seen. The actors/actresses that were picked to play the X-men are fantastic. Don't forget about the effects which, I gotta tell you, blew my mind away!The movie stays true to the book and has great lines relating to the comparrison of the movie to the comic. Director Brian Synger did a great job with the way he protrayed the charecters themselfs. The violence in the movie is rather exciting but they couldve done more to show the true colors of the X-men. As far as the language, it has the typical four letter words you would see in a PG-13 movie. So, I recommend that anyone who is a fan of the comic book or just a action fan should go see it and by it on DVD.
B000053V0P|5.0|dear all ....a have nothing to say else that i'v seen this  video for mor than 20 times ....and still want to see it more . thanks
B00004ZAV3|4.0|The Bealtes are the greatest musical phenomenon, since Bach-Mozart-Beethoven eras. When music is divided into 2 separate categories, one being instrumental, and the other one popular; they are the best definition of the later one! There's been many great artists. Yes! Always great in the &quot;music&quot; term. The Bealtes are something else, they are in a league of their own. Is more than music... <br />This No 1s album is full of pros and cons. <br />First of all, if there are people out there that have never bought a Bealtes album, because they didn't know where to start; then I prefer they get to experience a moon reflection, than stay in the darkness. This release is not meant for the already Beatles fans unless they are hardcore maniacs. Rather for the new generation that won't venture into buying the whole collection unless they are introduced. <br />Secondly, it would've been better, to compile the best songs instead of the ones that reached #1. If the intention was to make the Beatles survive through the masses, with just one release; then do it sublime! Do it &quot;A day in the life,&quot; Do it &quot;Across the Universe,&quot; Do it &quot;In my life&quot;time.  Too much concentration on their first period. Those lovely early songs, are fresh air for the soul, but remember that variation gives more meaning to it all. More forests, deserts &amp; tundras, and less cheese makes a planet more complete. <br />In conclusion, all the bealtes albums are essential for a true music lover. A collection without them is like a Bible without gospels. If you are seriously into music, you just can't ignore the best example of progress ever made by a group or individual. <br />It's a wondeful souvenir for rides outside the home studio. <br />Great introduction for the hungry one, if they want to start with the dessert, or to let them know if they have taste at all.<br />And in the end the songs you miss, are equal to the ones not heard!
B000002HEP|5.0|This album is pure genious. I remember when I bought it I was with my friends and they thought it was stupid that the songs were combined into three tracks.  I must say however that this works really good. The instructions in the booklet tell you to listen without distraction, this is very good advice and will help you appreciate the music more.  Demon Cleaner would be worth the price of the disc alone and Whitewater has a jam that rivals that of the great 50 Million Year Trip from Blues for the Red Sun.  This is definately an album you must find a way to grace your ears with.
B00004XOWM|2.0|When I heard of Limp Bizkit recording the next CD a couple of months before the release, I was excited about what it would sound like.  I then heard the two singles released and seen the video on MTV (Rollin' and My Generation)..  I have come to a conclusion that these are the best songs on the album.<br />Anyways, after buying the CD, I literally was &quot;burned out&quot; on it only a couple of weeks later.  In my opinion, I think that this album was more quickly put together with less effort then the first two albums.  Plus, I think that it can become very tiring, very quickly.  I cannot stand to listen to Rollin' anymore!!  <br />Before spending 20 bucks of your hard earned money on this album, I say, buy the first two CD's, and just download both versions of Rollin' and My generation and you will have Limp Bizkit's best work.<br />(A little hint that the album was just put together quickly, they included the Mission Impossible theme which had already been released on that movie soundtrack.)
B00004U8P9|5.0|Rocky Horror Picture Show has to be, by far, my favorite movie of all time. Tim curry is fabulous in drag and is so perfect. It also stars a very young susan sarandon, who surprised me with a great singing voice, and a tall guy who's name i cant remeber spends half the movie in a pair of tighty whiteys. Anyway, why do i like this movie?? Because it is possibly the best musical of all time, with songs more addictive that an *nsync song, and a story that would make them go runing to their mommies. A true cult classic that leaves most people confused and violated but different people (like me) will spend the whole time singing along and enjoying it thouroghly. Just go ahead and watch it, it probably wont make sense, but if you just give in and stop trying to figure out the plot, it will become your favorite movie too!!!
B00000IAU3|3.0|to anyone that thinks eminem made dido do this or whatever: you're blind. Without eminem putting that cut on Stan most people wouldnt have ever even heard of her. And so this is helping her a lot. i love her voice, and most of the songs are pretty good. but like i said, w/o eminem she'd be nothing.
6303686745|5.0|Most books, even the great ones, unfortunately do not translate well onto the big screen.  Fail Safe is a happy exception to the rule.<br />The story is now two generations old.  Mechanical error sends six bombers towards the Soviet Union (remember them?  they used to be our one mortal national enemy).  The President and the government try all they can to recall them, to no avail.  <br />Emotions understandibly run high.  Men get stretched to the breaking point, and some snap.  The President makes a terrible sacrifice, to convince the Russians that it WAS an accident.  The price of this ticket it incredibly high.<br />Forget about the comparisons with Dr. Strangelove (which is a great movie in its own right).  They belong together only by their contrasting styles.<br />This movie is chilling in Black &amp; White.  You will never think of J.R. Ewing again the same way, after seeing Larry Hagman in the role as the President's translator.
B000002HPT|4.0|I read an article where the band was told by their record company that they had to do an album that wasn't like the first 3 they recorded. So it wasn't their fault for changing direction on this CD. Don't complain if it sounds different. I like this album for that very reason. There is some &quot;bluesy&quot; influence in &quot;Lines in the Sand&quot; and straight ahead hard-rock in &quot;Burning My Soul&quot;. &quot;New Millenium&quot; is just a great song, especially Portnoy's drum parts. LaBries vocals are more laid back and raw. I like his vocals all the time but here he sounds even better. &quot;Take Away My Pain&quot; -excellent guitar solo, very emotional. &quot;Anna Lee&quot;....&quot;Let it Be&quot; meets &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;-great song and solos. All of DREAM THEATER's stuff is great and this is a good album.
B00000JGEN|4.0|It's hard to believe that the Running Man is based on a Stephen King short story. I probably would have enjoyed the movie more not knowing this. Stephen King's short story is completely different than the movie and much better. As far as the movie itself, it is very fun and exciting to watch.A typical Arnold action flick. The characters (especially the stalkers) are very colorful and well cast. Schwarzenegger is the undisputed king of the fun to watch action flick. Check out Total Recall and Terminator 1&amp;2 also. Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon when there is no football on TV!!!
6305508550|5.0|This movie is quickly becoming one of those cult classic comedies, and for good reason. This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It makes you laugh like a stupid Adam Sandler flick but it isn't nearly as lowbrow. I'd suggest it for anyone who enjoys the comedy genre.
B000001ELR|5.0|KISS took back the title of &quot;The Hottest Band In The World&quot; with this album. &quot;Creatures Of The Night&quot; is a thunderously heavy title track which opens the album with a punch. &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot; is a tune where Gene really sings on, his voice is exellent. &quot;Danger&quot; is a fast song that really gets the blood flowing. &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; is a take no prisoners anthem that shows how Gene likes his rock. &quot;War Machine&quot; is a narly, tough song that is my favorite off this record. Altogether this is one hell of an album. I highly recommend this album to any KISS fan.
B00004U9MS|4.0|The comparisons to Jeff Buckley and Radiohead are good start, but Coldplay are neither as dramatic as Radiohead nor as folky as Jeff Buckley (thankfully, not as despondent either).  A better point of reference would be to the excellent and maybe now defunct British indie band Adorable.  Parachutes sounds like a sequel to Adorable's masterpiece &quot;Against Perfection&quot;.   Coldplay delivers melodic, guitar-driven indie rock with great vocals - and like Radiohead, the voice is an instrument here.  Some of the songs sound thin and self-indulgent, but as their writing  matures, Coldplay looks poised to make their mark on indie rock.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Uh guys ..You are aware that this is a number one hits only CD compilation?   That's why you will not find Strawberry Fields Forever, Revolution, I'am The Walrus or or any other Lennon favorite. I bought this because I must have all CDs released by The Beatles. 5 stars because The Beatles is my all time favorite band. This my be the only CD with all UK and US number ones. If you want take advantage of it. True I agree I'd love to see a B- sides collection or a Beatles song collection which songs have not appeared on any other compilation (i.e. If I Needed Someone, Dear Prudence). I do recommend this CD. Get the others if you like this one.
B00000255F|5.0|Bruce Springsteen has said that when he set out to record this album, he was going to make &quot;the greatest rock and roll record ever.&quot;  Well, maybe he came up short, but if so, only by a hair.  &quot;Born To Run&quot; is nearly flawless from beginning to end; each song tells its own distinct story, yet all are wonderfully woven around the album's central theme, which is also the title of the record.<br />Over a quarter century after the release of &quot;Born To Run,&quot; we may have come to take this album for granted, forgetting the incredible rush it gave us the first thousand times we heard it.  Make no mistake - this is one of the best rock albums ever recorded.  From the lyrics to the melodies to the production, The Boss held nothing back. This recording provides evidence that Springsteen works as hard in the studio as he does on stage.<br />Each track is now, after all these years, immediately recognizable - the opening harmonica strains of &quot;Thunder Road,&quot; the symphonic piano introduction to &quot;Jungleland,&quot; the organ that kicks off &quot;Backstreets,&quot; and, of course, the explosion of sound that is the title track.<br />The production here is obviously influenced by Phil Spector, the legendary inventor of the Wall of Sound.  Lyrically, Springsteen evokes memories of early Dylan.  (Listen to the song &quot;Backstreets.&quot;  I've always felt this song was Springsteen's nod of acknowledgment to Bob, with the feel of the song closely resembling that of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone.&quot;) The vocals are reminiscent of Roy Orbison, but with more of an edgy sound. The final product is a masterpiece, and should take its place alongside the best of Dylan, The Stones, The Beatles, and Hendrix when the history of Rock and Roll is written.<br />&quot;Born To Run&quot; immediately catapulted Springsteen into the mainstream of American Rock.  Thankfully, he was never inclined to rest on his critical laurels.  He has consistently created great music for over 25 years.<br />I can't imagine anyone not owning this recording.t music for over 25 years.  <br />I can't imagine anyone not owning this recording.
B000002UAU|5.0|I am writing this review out of my personal feelings and beliefs about this album.  I was born in 1963 so did not have a chance to listen to this as it first came out.  However, I did purchase the LP record in 1982 while in college.  Previous to this album, I had only known the Beatles thru greatest hits albums and the Red Album.  Getting this album was new to me in that songs featured on the album were not &quot;super singles&quot;.  Nonetheless I must say that I was significantly enchanted with the weaving of an almost eery indescribably varied emotional feeling one gets when listening to the album.  Each song taken by itself is diminished significantly as a single.  But that is the whole point here.  The music on the album is woven together.  I think of it like a pattern blanket.  Each individual thread of a blanket is not significant, however all of the threads that make the whole blanket, give it meaning, texture and beauty.  The same with SGT PEPPER'S.  The songs when taken as a whole really do take your mind on a deep introspective journey.  They make you think.  Which is what music is supposed to do right?  Try reading the lyrics to each song as they are sung and it really brings each song to life.   Personally, I like some of the lesser songs on the album just as much as the more popular songs.  My favorite is fixing a hole.  The song says something to me.  I believe the song has a certain haunting lonliness to it....She's Leaving Home, ......A Day In the LIfe......Lovely Rita.....When I'm 64....they are all rather lonesome songs.....and yet there is Ringo singing With A Little Help .....which is a pick-me-up to the album.  Whether the intent of the Fab Four or not, the album means to me that we must each look inside and examine ourselves and deal with our lonliness ourselves and sometimes with a LITTLE HELP FROM OUR FRIENDS....life will be ....GETTING BETTER......WITHIN YOU AND WITHOUT YOU.......i personally feel that George has been bashed too much for the song on the album.  I personally like the meditative qualities and lyrics of his song.   I just purchased the cd yesterday and i still have the LP record from college.  If you have never heard SGT PEPPER then i urge you to get a copy and determine what the songs are saying to you.  I believe each of us a listeners will have different feeling and meanings from the album and that to me is really the beauty of a truly amazing musical work.  BY ALL MEANS THIS IS A FIVE STAR ALBUM AND A HISTORIC LANDMARK IN MUSIC HISTORY. LISTEN  YOURSELF AND BE A PART OF IT!
B00004XONN|4.0|I wrote this review about three days after buying the album:<br />Equally dreary to &quot;OK Computer&quot; but--if possible--way more arty and experimental. There's a lack of concrete song structure on most tracks, but in a weird way each stands on its own; even while they are mixed together expertly into a long meditation on the new, warped millenium to Thom and company, by producing genius Nigel Godrich. <br />The lyrics are usually unintelligable due to distortion. It's a good trick to get you to listen again and again and again. But you'll want to listen anyways. You'll find yourself throwing it into your discman just to lsiten through headphones trying to learn something new. You'll also want to turn up the stereo to deafening levels in order to discover all the intricacies layered into the aparent madness. And guess what? It gets better every time! That mumble turns into something profound and that warble of brass turns the chaotic beautiful. <br />I'm not sure which song the group will try to market as a single (if they even do) or how in the hell they might tour with this material, but I look forward either; even if they never come. I would love to see what kind of video the group might come up with for any of the 10 mysteries of songs. And I hope Phil the drummer still has a job. <br />Most songs seem to have programmed kicks and snares. The most prominent being &quot;Idioteque&quot; with its Aphex Twin-inspired drums and ambient synths. It symbolizes the interesting marriage of electronica and rock that the group tried with their last album and continued with on this one, to a much greater extent. I like it, but hope the rumors are true about a more &quot;poppy&quot; album to be released in the first quarter of next year. It's a great work of art, but a little less impressive as a fun listening experience; but that's not it's purpose. All in all, a great but different album.<br />And now I'd like to add this:<br />This album takes a lot of time to decipher.  Not many people want to &quot;waste time&quot; staying up all night listening to it over and over.  Plenty of my friends think this way.  But I think it's worth the time and greenplastic.com has all the lyrics if you want to read them.  I just like the melodies and think you should spend the time if you want to and love Radiohead.
6305311463|2.0|Jerry Bruckheimer's Armageddon is a lavishly and expertly produced space epic full of great effects and big stars.  It's just too bad they didn't work on the story.<br />Armageddon begins with a destructive metor shower over New York city.  This catastrophe signals the arrival of a doomsday meteor the size of Texas which will crash into the earth in two weeks.  In an attempt to destroy the meteor, NASA officials enlist a rag tag group of deep core drillers led by Harry Tasker played by Bruce Willis in a very smirky performance.<br />The first hour of the film is Harry assembling his crew.  These scenes are the most entertaining in the film as we meet the various characters in their wild surroundings.  Director Michael Bay does a fair job of giving each supporting character a certain cinematic flair, and non more evident than in the Steve Buscemi's character of Rockhound.  This segment of the film performs much like a comedy as we the audience view the heroes go through a grueling NASA training course.  There are genuine laughs here as these scenes are editing together like a music video.<br />Where the film slows down is in it's romantic subplot and the entire second half.  Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler are the young heroes of the film who fall in love against the approval of Harry Tasker (Bruce Willis) who is the father of Tyler's character.  Affleck and Tyler are Armageddon's answer to Jack Dawson and Rose.  Their romance is so unimportant to the main thrust of the film that it slows the story down.  The film would be nearly an hour shorter if this subplot was dropped.<br />Another problem are the unsatifying space sequences.  I don't believe that Bruckheimer or Bay have an affinity for space action.  Space has a certain elgance in movies and in the right films (ie, Star Wars, Star Trek, 2010, Apollo 13) space action can be very effective.  In Armageddon, the effects shots are too fast, the editing is too music video choppy, (we have Bay to thank for that), and the asteroid itself is completely wrong in terms of art direction and design.  This asteroid looks like V'ger from the first Star Trek movie.<br />The film has some saving graces, the humor and acting are fine and the theme song from Aerosmith is very good.  But the testosterone level mutes any nobility that these characters should be presented in.  These guys are saving the world, and Michael Bay gives them scenes and attitudes which would be more appropriate in a beer commercial.<br />The Criterion DVD is somewhat satisfying with a commentary and some special features.  The commentary sheds some light as to why this film wasn't as good as it should have been as Michael Bay and Bruckheimer arrogantly discuss what makes a great science fiction film and harshly critize the other asteriod movie &quot;Deep Impact&quot; which I suprisingly found to be superior to this film.
B00004XOWM|1.0|The title says it all.  I've been toying with the idea of reviewing this album for a while now, and after hearing it being overplayed on the radio for so long, I couldn't wait any longer.  First off, I don't subscribe to the idea that Limp Bizkit has sold out or that they never have made anything worth listening to on their now three releases.  I LOVED 'Significant Other', and the raw energy and hunger on 'Three Dollar Bill Y'all$' was pretty inspiring.  However, 'Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water' does absolutley NOTHING to squash the feelings in music fans' minds that Fred Durst is a totally empty songwriter.  It seemed that every songs lyrics seemed to say nothing more than &quot;Limp Bizkit in the house!&quot;  Whoa, I'm impressed.  I could have wrote better lyrics using a word list from a third grade spelling bee.  And, do you remember when his voice roared on the first two albums?  On here it sounds like the rest of the band was pinching his nipples while he recorded his vocals.  I listened to this CD a few days after its release, and my feelings then are still the same:  I knew this album would make Limp Bizkit more successful commercially, and that both the album and tour would be bigger than the last, but this is STILL an artistic dissapointment.  And please Fred Durst, STOP TRYING TO RAP!! You're horrible at it!!  If I wanted to hear rap, I'd put on Ja Rule's album.  I'm so glad I didn't succumb to the hype surrounding this album by purchasing it.  Come on guys, I KNOW you can rock, so just do it, and stop wasting the fans' money, time and insulting our intelligence with tripe like 'Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water'.
B000002H33|5.0|In the 80's, metal kinda sucked.  Dominated by cheesy lyrics,long hair, and the riff from hell, everyone in the buisness was redundant.  However, in 1986, Metallica released their finest album, Master Of Puppets. MOP had everything that metalheads were and still are looking for.  &quot;Battery&quot; starts out with a haunting acoustic melody. Then, James Hetfeild and Kirk Hammet pick up the pace and go into a 100 M.P.H. barrage of riffage.  Lars Ulrich also drums at that speed, and somehow keeps himself from screwing up. &quot;Orion&quot; shows that Cliff Burton was truly metal's bass warrior.  coming up with wicked bass melodys to go side by side with James's rythym.  Also, the lyrics of MOP all blend in with the speedy guitair-ish bombs and machine gun like drums.  The only thing that is not that bad on this whole album is that it is the last with Cliff. (R.I.P.)  Anyway, the only metal album that nears the godly status of MOP is Machine Head's The More Things Change...   So if you want a CD is truly divine, sink you teeth and your cash inot Metallica's Master Of Puppets.
6305282927|5.0|In the great land of Oklahoma there is no better romance blossoming than that between Curly (Gordon McRae) and Laurie (Shirley Jones). Just these two people alone would make the movie a perfect 10. But then you add Eddie Albert, and the characters Will and Ado Annie, and you have a 100! The music is delightful, so delightful, in fact, that you'll probably want to go and buy the soundtrack the minute after you hear the first song. Some really drop-dead-funny parts (Persian good-byes and Oklahoma hellos, Poor Jud is Dead) and some real romance. Excellent. I highly suggest it for people who like western musical            romances.
0792845730|1.0|It seems very few readers have read my recent robo review. Paul Verhoeven's &quot;Robocop&quot; may have been strong medicine during its initial release(1987) but nowadays it can be seen as a soft movie. It contains zilch sex, few gratuitous random breast shots, occasional substance abuse, but geez I just can't abide all those reviewers who feel that the violence was too over-the-top, and thus felt Verhoeven had no confidence in the script. The script is nothing really special anyway. &quot;Robocop&quot; is NOT that violent, okay. It's just another run-of-the-mill action thriller with not-so-nifty special fx and even worse violence. Verhoeven's &quot;Basic Instinct&quot; is much better also. I watched it last night, and it featured way more sex and violence. The only thing that turned me off was Michael Douglas's irritating presence. Not since &quot;The Bad Lieutenant&quot; has there ever been a cop that mean, ugly, masochistic, and foulmouthed. However, Sharon Stone was in it, and that alone overcompensated all its flaws. For now, I'd just like to speak out against those critics who feel &quot;Robocop&quot; is worse than it actually is. Most people feel it is an exceptional action flick with lots of action(and violence), nifty fx, great storyline and all-around actors. However, I think the movie sucks on most levels, and the violence is arguably tamed by contemporary standards. I don't care about what others think. Watch &quot;Basic Instinct&quot; instead, a far more extravagant production.
B00000K19E|5.0|There are certain movies that set new standards for the film industry.  &quot;The Matrix&quot; has moved beyond that.  This movie has been out for only two years, and yet the influence is all over the place, not just in the movies, but on TV as well.  For example, one of the major tv networks employs a &quot;Matrix-style&quot; screen of scrolling numbers as its segway between live football action and replay analysis or other features of a football broadcast.  It's not uncommon to see the &quot;bullet-time&quot; effect that was created for &quot;The Matrix&quot; in other movies that have been released since.  &quot;The Matrix&quot;, as Orpheus so aptly says, is all around is.  <br />But enough about it's influence - this movie absolutely rocks!!  The soundtrack keeps your heart racing a mile a minute.  The special effects will blow you away.  And as if that isn't enough, the story is so fresh and such a great idea, you are left wondering how they thought of it, and maybe even thinking to yourself, 'Is the Matrix real?'  This movie is the real deal.  Even if you're not a Keanu Reeves fan, you'll still love this flick.  He fits the role well, and although his acting has never really been that great, he does a more than adequate job in this instant classic.<br />If you want action through and through, this is the movie for you.  If you don't have a home theater system, this movie is a reason to get one.  The experience is not entirely the same with out the music blaring and the explosions booming all around you.  <br />Finally, if there is one movie that you should own on DVD, it's &quot;The Matrix&quot;.  Accept no substitutes.  This is the best.
B000051VWW|4.0|I have been following Sade and Sweetback.  This is a natural progression for the band, and the songs are timeless yet updated. I suspect most of the sonic sounds of this record have been culled by the Sweetback sessions, and for those who follow Stuart Matthewman, Maxwell and Santessa.<br />The ones that stand out are 'Somebody Already Broke My Heart', which is haunting, defeatist, and hopeful - achieving all of this with simple juxtaposition of vocal and keyboard arrangements;  'Immigrant' which is one of the most powerful songs I have heard this year; and 'Lovers Rock' which ties the album together.<br />I understand some of the reviewers and their dissapointment, but to them I say that Sade has slightly changed, albeit subtly, and it benefits them greatly.<br />Sade is a band who respects where they've been, know where they're going, and gonna take their sweet time in getting there. I'll be right there with them.
0553106635|5.0|I think its important to keep in mind that Mr. Martin has said that his inspiration for the world of &quot;Song of Ice and Fire&quot; was the War of the Roses. This is the conflict between the royal houses of York and Lancaster (Stark and Lannister, anyone?) that inspired Shakespeare to create some of his most memorable heroes, villains and clowns. <br />Similarly, Martin seems to be gaining inspiration as he goes.The sweep of event and the swirling colors of character combine to create a tapestry of believable history that comes along too rarely in fiction. Just as in the real world, the choices made by individuals have ramifications that grow and metamorphize into forces that affect whole nations and lead to both fortune and ruination among the various houses contending for the Iron Throne. It's fascinating to become immersed in a world where individuals actually have the ability to make a difference (the election in Florida, anyone?)<br />The fantasy elements in this tale never strain credibility; they are as weird and frightening to the principals as to the reader. And Mr. Martin never goes over the top - perhaps, if we all wish hard enough, dragons could be brought back, even as the charming but not harmless infants they are here. <br />Ultimately, I believe this is a work about civilization and the world that humans create for themselves. What gods do we discover and how do they help us survive? Who are our leaders and why do they want to lead or how do they manage to survive? How do we cope with the seemingly aimless whims of fortune and luck?<br />The best advice I can give is to re-read the first two books (as several have already recommended) or read them for the first time. But importantly, jump right in and come to know and care for the creatures that make up House Stark and House Lannister. They are fascinating people, not really characters, and they are surrounded by a living world inhabited by folks no less real than they are. And importantly, each ofthem has the ability and the cussedness to affect that world in ways that can be exhilarating or horrifying.   This is a rich stew, indeed. Shakespeare made a career out of the same source material, why not someone as skilled and sensitive as Mr. Martin? And the gnawing need for the next installment is only what we here in the states felt when Mr. Dickens was serializing his stuff so many years ago. <br />This is grand reading of a kind that we haven't seen in many years.
B00004TFK3|5.0|The extras in this two disk set are the icing on the cake. It's a must have for the sci-fi fan!
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Now we have it!  This album could have been called, &quot; the Beatles Greatest Hits!&quot;  for a neophite who is not familiar with the groups work, this is an excellent introductory album.  However you'll want to dig deeper to reach the real depth of what they had to say.  For a serious collector, you already have everything here, so it really isn't necessary.  It's fun though.  You can put it on and hear all the great singles.  The only negative thought is, are we finally starting down the road of nastalgic comercialism?   It is to be hoped not!
B000002JS6|5.0|The boys from Australia have never disappointed an audience.  When sriking the opening chords to a song from Back In Black, arenas explode.  Angus stands front, center, with a single spotlight illuminating him as he creates raw energy.  Back In Black screams to the world that AC\DC IS ROCK 'N ROLL!  This album is one for the fans.  Picking up after the devastation of Bon Scotts death; Angus, Brian, Malcolm, Phil, and Cliff, went on to take over the world.  One nation under rock.  They're final screaming words on this album tell anyone with a pulse that rock 'n roll is &quot;never gonna die!&quot;  This album starts with a bell and ends with a bang.  It's one gigantic party from beginning to end.  An avid AC/DC fan, I find NO flaws on this disc.  The success of this album is widely recognized.  &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot; was nominated on VH1's &quot;The List&quot; as one of the greatest rock anthems of all time.  It also recently appeared in Rolling Stone and MTV's Pop 100 list.  A list of the greatest songs in the last 4 decades.  May Angus, Brian and the boys be praised.  Brian had big shoes to fill and he did just that.  AC/DC will always be divided between the Bon Scott era and the Brian Jonson era but, They picked up where the left of and never left our heads un-banging.  AC/DC has bragged that they've got the biggest balls of them all.  On Back In Black, they prove it to the universe.  Come listen to the greates album of all time!
068484267X|5.0|I found this book to be a learning curve to myself and my family as we have almost all the things in life we could want and to read of somebody going through life with nothing really to look forward to was amazingly moving. I wanted to tell my family about all the problems this little boy faced with having no food some days and living with a father who would rather drink than put food in his childrens mouths, the reality of it being that we are so much more spoilt in our home. I cried and laughed my way through this book and would read it again and again.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This movie is riveting!  The story of corporate dishonesty and manipulation is important and makes for fantastic drama.  The acting by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe is nothing less than superb.
B000051VWW|5.0|I have been listening to Sade since I was 14 years old and I am now 30. She is a part of who I have become as a woman. It is almost as though she is family and her lyrics have made me strong. In any event I could listen to Sade and get through the good times and well as the difficult. If you have been a follower of her music then you know what I am talking about. &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is a great album because I didnt expect something that would 'WOW' me and I was pleasantly surprised when there were some tracks that did 'WOW' me. I love the entire album. Anyone who negatively critisizes her music has not the depth inside their hearts and they obviously need someone else to find it for them. One cant depend on Sade to always provide that in everysong! Listen to the words and the beat.
0684853523|5.0|There are many how-to books on writing written by writers who've never written anything other than a how-to book on writing, so it's delightful to read one by someone as experienced as Stephen King. This is a book I've been wishing he'd write. I found it interesting that he contradicts advice - about plot and pacing, for example - that's been endlessly quoted as gospel in other how-to-write sources. Whether you like King's novels or not, you have to admit he's productive, he has his own voice, and he's down-to-earth. <br />The first part is autobiographical and, with a good dose of humour, he tells us of the passion he's always had for writing, and more importantly, reading. The second part of the book deals with the practical aspects of writing. It's sensible and straight-forward, and stresses the importance of character-driven plot, and of using clear precise language. (Rules of grammar are not a conspiracy to stifle creativity.) If you prefer reading over writing, you can, of course, read it for pleasure. As it should be, this book is easy to read, entertaining, and enlightening.
0553579908|5.0|Geroge Martin's &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; is rapidly becoming one of the greatest fantasy series of all time.  &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; the second volume in the projected six volume series meets and perhaps excedes the expectations produced by the first book.  Unlike many other fantasy series that are simply long this one is long becuase the story it tells is so huge that to tell it in less words would simply be impossible. At times I felt the book was almost too short as sometimes key events are recounted after the fact and with little detail by charaters in the book.<br />The story of ASoiAF is not simply huge it is engrossing.  I found it difficult to put down.  Not only are the all the interconnected story threads interesting and well written but the back story, which includes such elements as the overthrow of the Mad King a generation earlier, the mysterious parentage of Jon Snow, and the death of Eddard Stark's sister, is equal fascinating and it is real joy to see this other story slowly unfold while to current events are described.<br />Martin has also created a very rich fantasy world.  The culture is fully developed, the politics is gritty and realistic, the action is violent and unsanitized.  Martin also includes traditonal magical elements such as dragons and wraiths, but rather than being common and trite, magic is a rare thing in Martin's universe which had dissapeared years ealier and is now slowly returning.<br />The characters are diverse and realistic, as well as numerous, but there are not so many the the reader cannot keep track of them all.  Each character behaves in a believable way and all the major characters contribute something to the story.  And though there are good guys and bad guys in this book, the line between the two is often blurred as the good characacters frequantly do bad things and the bad characters just as often do good things.  It's often hard to know who to root for though Martin does give his reader a few trulyabominable characters to root against.<br />It is hard for me to say enough good things about this book and this serious, but there ar a couple of minor critisms.  The principle one is that each section often ends with a cliff hanger.  This in itself is not a problem, but when we return to that character it is often days later and the crisis the character was in has already been resolved.  It's kind of like when a TV show goes to commercial break and when they get back the hero is out of danger.  It's not actually that bad since Martin always fills the reader in on what had happened but it is a somewhat ackward style and I wish Martin would drop it in later books.  <br />The other criticm that could be made, though I don't neccessarily make it myself, is that the book is very violent and Martin is not hesitant about killing off main characters just as he did in the first book.<br />Overall, this is a great book in a series that has the potential to sit next to &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; as a true classic of fantasy.  I highly recommend it.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I got this album a week ago and it continues to grow on me. A-Ha's best release since &quot;East of the Sun...&quot;, Minor Earth Major Sky is a must for any A-Ha fan. I was surprised to find that one of the Morten Harket-penned songs, &quot;Thought That It Was You,&quot; could be so good. In fact, it's my favorite on the album and one of the best songs they've ever recorded. The other standouts are &quot;I Wish I Cared,&quot; written by Mags (also surprising because on their earlier albums, Paul Waaktaar wrote the best songs, but not so on this one) and &quot;I Won't Forget Her,&quot; plus the title track. This is great, melodic, memorable album -- not too harsh but not boring, either. Get it and enjoy!
6305949972|5.0|its the classic search for the true meaning of christmas . . . kinda like the grinch, sideways . . . rudolf, frosty, its a wonderful life, miracle on 42d street . . . you gotta have it, no question.
B00005176F|4.0|Blur has grown to stand apart for me. Like the best bands throughout rock history, they have continually reinvented themselves with each progressive album. Some bands, like The Beatles, released albums throughout their progression, not only giving us a glimpse at the road ahead but also some mighty fine music along the way. But the days when artists release an album every six months has passed. These days, the wait is more like two-to-three years. So we are very rarely privy to a band's evolution anymore. Instead, it becomes a gasping waiting game: what are they going to do next? And Blur is one of the few artists recording today (along with, perhaps, Radiohead and U2) that you know will not fail to surprise you. Even if you don't understand what they are trying to say, or don't particularly like the way they are saying it, you can at least appreciate the fact that they're not repeating themselves.<br />Such is the case with Blur. They have gone from being just another brit-pop band to pop-artists. Their music is always infectious, honest, and direct. This collection presents their most radio friendly tunes. Not necessarily their best work, no, but the stuff you've most likely heard before.<br />If you've never heard Blur before but you've always thought to try them, this is the place to start; if you've think you've heard a Blur song on the radio and wanted to get it, it's probably here. My only two complaints are the short-shift given their second album, Modern Life is Rubbish, which is the album on which they broke the brit-pop mold and began to make their own way in the music world (only one track from that album is to be heard here, leaving behind some excellent material), and the manner in which the material is presented. I prefer a chronological presentation, which this decries in favor of placing their more immediately familiar (and more recent) material at the forefront of the album. To place the songs chronologically would have done a lot to house Blur where they belong in the current pop hierarchy, by clearing displaying their progression from album to album. Instead, this collection jumps around rather unevenly. The material is good, but the presentation could have been better. I still recommend the album, however.<br />I cannot review the second disc bearing live material, as the copy I own is a British import consisting solely of the greatest hits material.
B000002UB3|5.0|Though it is obvious that side 1 and side 2 are two different concepts. Side 1 being radio format friendly, (Pauls Idea) and Side 2 being conceptual with the music flowing from beginning to end (John's Idea), This total contrast works. The songs, to this day , do not sound dated and you can hear that they were actually working together a band. unlike the White album and Let it be. Where most of the songs were as different as their individual tastes in music were heading. They knew this would be their last collaboration as a band. and their hearts were into the music even if their heart's werent into each other. But all of that aside, this album is top notch from start to finish. I say get this album, no matter what age you are, because this is one of the only bands that stands the test of time. Laugh at me now , but 100 years from now The Beatles will be mentioned in the same breath as A Beethoven or A Mozart. This is my opinion , but the Beatles were always A step ahead of the pack. And an ever evolving band. makes you wonder the direction they might have taken had they made it into the seventies. But , if you want to hear what they would have sounded like , just listen to any of Ringo's albums. alot of his songs were written and played by members of the band. or for that matter , listen to All things must pass by George Harrison, which was the beatles with Eric Clapton instead of Paul McCartney. But I digress. It's a classic album with A nice surprise ending in HER MAJESTY. perfect touch to A perfect album.
B000002LJW|4.0|THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD CD.IT`S GOT PRETENDING AND BAD LOVE ON IT.MOST OF THE SONGS ON THIS ARE GOOD EXCEPT HIS VERSION OF HOUND DOG.COME ON ERIC.BUT BAD LOVE HAS A GREAT SOLO THAT WILL REMIND YOU OF THE DAZE OF CREAM.RUNNING ON FAITH AND NO ALIBIS ARE GOOD MELLOW ROCKERS.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR HARD ROCKING BLUES CLAPTON THIS IS NOT IT,BUT THIS IS A GOOD MELLOWER CLAPTON CD.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill a Mockingbird is a book that is about compassion, dicrimination, and predgidous.  It takes place during the 1930's in Macomb, Alabama in the depression.  It is about a man who is blamed for a crime because of his race.This book is similar to a lot of other books that have been written predgidous or racisim.  Author's who have been a part of predgidousism or racisim can probably write a better book than others by thier experience.  My personal reaction to the book is that I think that it is wrong to treat another human being different by thier race or ethnic backround.  This book was about a man, Tom Robinson, who was accused of raping a little girl.  Atticus tries to defend him but the jury still find Tom guilty.  Tom dies tring to flee but is shot by the sheriff.  Mr. Ewell, the father of the girl, attacks Atticus's children when they are coming home from a play at school.  A man named Boo saves the chlidren and they run to go get help.  My reaction to the book is that it was very interisting.  I also feel that it showed a lot of truth about how people that are different are treated better or worse.  Although this book might not be for some people I think that people should read this book to help make them realize how people are really being treated.
B00004U45G|5.0|I HAVE ONE WORD FOR THIS CD.GREAT,GREAT,GREAT.I ALMOST DIDN`T BUY THIS CD BECAUSE I DIDN`T WANT TO HERE A BUNCH OF REGRINDED ZEPPELIN NUMBERS.BUT AFTER HEARING IN MY TIME OF DYING ON THE RADIO,I WANTED TO BUY THIS.I`M VERY GLAD I DID.EVERY SONG ON THIS IS GOOD,PLUS MOST OF THESE SONGS YOU COULDN`T GET LIVE FROM LED ZEPPELIN.THE WAY THEY DID TEN YEARS GONE WAS EXCELLANT.GREAT VERSION OF WOKE UP THIS MORNING.I NEVER WOULD HAVE BELIEVED THAT THE BLACK CROWES WOULD DO A GOOD JOB WITH ZEPPELIN SONGS BUT THEY DID.HELPS HAVING JIMMY PAGE IN THE BAND.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY BLACK CROWES OR LED ZEPPELIN FAN.GREAT CD.
B00000J2KR|5.0|When I first watched this I was taken aback at how meticulous it is photographed - it almost seems like it was filmed in the 18th century.  Obviously it isn't a film that will suit all tastes, and one which many will admire for Kubricks attention to detail rather than the enjoyment they may get from the story.  The highly interesting first half, which details Barry Lyndons experiences and encounters when travelling Europe, does make the second part (where he settles) seem slightly less interesting and disrupts the overall momentum a little but the cinematography is nevertheless perfect all the way through and is enough alone to maintain interest.  Ryan O'Neal is also extremely well cast and the music score is perfect, though the uneven picture quality on the disc doesn't do this gorgeous film justice at times.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is taking the rapcore (rock mixed with metal) to a new level.  In relation to other bands, they sound similar to a mix between Disturbed and Papa Roach.  With haunting synth-like effects and deep guitar riffs in correlation with a complementitive combination of powerful yet melodic vocals and pounding rap.  Overall, a very interesting development for rock in general.  I hope this is the direction we are going for the next generation of rock.
B00004TWZF|4.0|I have been using THE BIG BLUE in my marine biology classes for the last 12 years (I use NEVER CRY WOLF in my  biology classes and GORILLAS IN THE MIST in all my zoology classes)..... for a pre-Christmas vacation treat and escape from the tedious work load. Well, after seeing all versions in all modes (BIG SCREEN / VHS / BIG SCREEN(Director's Cut) / DVD )I have to make a choice which is BLUE is the BLUEST   .... Now of course, just like falling in love, the &quot;first is always the sweatest&quot;, the use of the Bill Conte's synthesized air-flute which is (&quot;Remembering a Heart Beat&quot;/E. Serra) so crucial to the film in it's ever returning call to Jacques and his &quot;Other (IT'SA BETTER PLACE&quot; World&quot; makes the American version a shorter package. The editing is not perfect but good. But, as I sat through the longer DIRECTOR'S CUT I said ....... boy, that and this and that sure could be cut and the Serra score felt choppy in parts and then I returned to that haunting Conte air flute and the dolphin in the night ( the one who didn't feel so good in captivity - like Jacques )......... and then I realized - &quot;my first BLUE was my BEST and BLUEST BLUE&quot;..... and the ending leaves the classes with much discussion. THEY LOVE IT and I LOVE THEM LOVING IT. And the meaning ....... that's an easy one - in this world there are those who try and conquer (Enzo) Nature and there are those who live in HARMONY with it (Jacques) - the choice and ending are obvious whether or not he lives or dies (American version) ................ and that dolphin and call is in all of us.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Comic books are notoriously difficult to translate to feature-film format.  Goodness knows, there have been missteps in the past.  But director Brian Singer does about as good a job as can be reasonably expected. First off, we need to thank the makers of Mission Impossible 2 for running over-schedule, thus tying up actor Dougray Scott and consequently allowing actor Hugh Jackman to play Wolverine.  Jackman is the standout in this movie.  His wonderfully understated performance as the \\"reluctant hero\\" is arguably the centerpiece of this film.<br />What distinguishes this film from other lesser film adaptions is an intelligent script, or at least intelligent for the genre.  Character development isn't sacrificed to make room for more standard mindless special effects and action setpieces, like in some movies (\\"Batman and Robin\\", anyone?).<br />The in-jokes are funny, and the characters' history and motivations are treated with a fan's level of respect.<br />If the filmmakers can retain those elements of character-driven story and a respect for the source material in future installments, then they may have a successful movie franchise on their hands.<br /><br />Update January 01, 2015:  My review from 2000 ---  I meant it at the time.  Just watched it again today for the first time in about 14 years.  I have to say that it didn't hold up as well as I'd hoped.  It really comes off too serious and self-important now.  In the years since the release of \\"X-Men\\" we've been treated to several of its sequels, a spinoff, 3 really decent Spider-Man films (and 2 that were terrible), 3 \\"Iron Man\\" films, two \\"Captain America\\" films, 2 good \\"Batman\\" films\\" (plus one really horrible one) and one \\"Avengers\\" film.  The first \\"X-Men\\" now seems dated and tired by comparison.  And a little boring, too.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|You know, these guys were IT. Their music continues to be the most significant of the 20th Century. So, if they come up with some concept, do digital remastering, and make songs fresh and new again, it IS one of the top releases of the year--automatically! I for one hope they continue with the remastering concept--and it sounds best in my car on it's CD player--great traveling music! The TV special was great also. The best just remains the best.
B000002BBY|2.0|If one were to choose the best Oasis album thus far, I suppose this would be it.  Wonderwall, Don't Look Back In Anger, and Champagne Supernova are quite good, but there really isn't anything else on this album worth paying money for.  Since Morning Glory is fairly old, chances are you've already heard the good songs played dozens of times on the radio...from there, you can do the math.
B00004XOWM|2.0|The best Limp Bizket album of all time is by far 3 dolla bill.  All following albums have been mediocre and satisfy nothing more then the pure MTV neo hardcore audience that want to be with the &quot;in crowd&quot; at junior high school.  Just attend a Limp Bizket concert and you will see amazingly young people running scared from the mosh pits with wild eyed fear.  Lord knows they then go home to tell their friends that they had &quot;a BLAST&quot; at the show, &quot;moshed the entire show&quot; and &quot;almost got into a fight with a two ton gorilla.&quot;  The CD does show some effort however with catchy guitar work and reasonably decent mixed backbeats, but thats about the extent of it.  Fred Durst is in with the whole Carson Daily, Kid Rock, Eminem TRL crowd that everyone seems to love today.  In other words Durst is the Christina Aguilera of hard rock/rap core and it was quite fitting to see them together on stage at this years MTV Video Music Awards.  If you want a truly innovative CD I recommend Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory, any Deftones CD, Taproot - Gift (Fred Durst doesnt much like Taproot for some reason *shrug*), or any Pitchshifter cd.  Hope this helps.
0385493622|3.0|Nice read.  Not sure I understand Wiles solution to the problem much more than before reading it, but I understood a lot of what led up to the solution after reading this.
B00003CX7L|5.0|The first Toy Story was entertaining to watch because of the creative graphics, concept and acting.  I never thought Toy Story 2 could match up to it till I went to the theatre last december and saw the film.  Its actually really really good and entertaining in my opinion and if you want the same old characters with a new twist then this is the film for you.<br />Basically, Woody [Tom Hanks] is stolen by an evil toy collector and taken to his apartment.  Once there, Woody discovers his past and what went with it.  Woody's friends know that hes been captured so they set out on a mission to find him, which is quite hilarous, especially in the toy store.  The rest of the movie is about Woody and finding out some not so nice things about his new life he may live, and wants to go back home, but can't because of some evil toys.  <br />Both Toy Stories are good with cute animation, a good story line and plenty of funny laughs and comedy.  If you liked the 1st one you'll love the 2nd one so buy it because its the type of film u can watch again and again!
B00001ODHF|5.0|Army of Darkness was presumably the last of the Evil Dead movies, allowing, for what many fans thought, a final glimpse of the beloved anti-hero Ash.  Lighter in tone (as in it's basically a Horror/Comedy) and far less reliant on gross out makeup effects than the previous two films, Army of Darkness nevertheless stands its own as a classic Horror film.  Showcasing the amazing acting talent of Bruce Campbell by putting his character, Ash,  into hilarious and horrifying situations (ie. demons in a pit, mini-demented versions of himself in a twisted Liliputian attack, hundreds upon hundreds of skeletons, and three, yes three, Necronomicons!) Army of Darkness was for many fans a bittersweet end to a fantastic series, or was it?<br />With the upcoming release of the Evil Dead videogame (you get to play Ash!) and many rumors of a fourth movie (please God, let it be true!) as well as a recent interview with Sam Raimi in Fangoria magazine where he openly expresses his wishes to helm a fourth Evil Dead film it seems Evil Dead fans greatest desire may quite possibly come true.  In the Fangoria interview Raimi cited his busy schedule, the lackluster box office receipts of the first 3 films, and the lack of an existing script as some minor hurdles to creating a fourth film.  As an Evil Dead fan I can vouch that I'd be right there on opening day if the film were made and I know every other Evil Dead fan would be there too.  I know the home video sales of the first 3 films have been phenomenal and that might be tantalizing enough to film producers to back the project.  I hope.<br />If it has to be, Army of Darkness will stand as a good enough ending to the series, the movie is a fun experience and eternally re-watchable.  But Evil Dead fans want more, dammit!  And a fourth movie would be just &quot;Groovy&quot;!
B000051VWW|2.0|Long awaited, but not surprising.  With the growing numbers of artists that have tried to re-ignite the fire that drove them to fame and fortune in the late 80's and early 90's, this effort falls far short of what we've expected from Sade.  <br />Sadly, fans have waited 8 years for this release, and not doubt they will buy it, as I did. However, the album lacks all the depth, originality and feel that has defined Sade over the past albums that were so great.<br />Drum machines, bland melodies, and rough production have created a sad, and probably last, effort from from our lady Helen.  Too bad, so sad.
6301442962|5.0|Oddly enough, I never saw this film as a child and was an adult for the first viewing.  Cynically, I didn't expect to enjoy it much.  So much for cynicism - the magic of the film and its message got to me.  And it still does every time I watch it.  Edmund Gwenn is excellent as Kris Kringle, the man who is a dead ringer for Santa Claus because he IS Santa Claus.  Natalie Wood is the young girl (a cynic herself) who doesn't believe in him, having been taught by her mother, Maureen O'Hara, to be very realistic and practical.  Not only was Wood a great adult actress, but she was also a gifted child star, delivering lines and emotions like a pro.  Thelma Ritter has a small bit as a frustrated shopper, but she's a standout, as is the rest of the supporting cast.  This film reminds you of the joy and magic that every Christmas should bring, whether you're an adult or a child.
0441172717|1.0|I read the many superlative reviews of this book and purchased it last month.  I thought the people who wrote in that they couldn't finish the book were just being obnoxious.  To my dismay, I would have to agree with them.  Yes, the plot is fine, and the book is imaginative.  The rival families/spice/Gesserit are somewhat interesting.      But I had to put the book down 2/3 of the way through.  It's just so boring, and convoluted, I couldn't take it.  I found no pleasure in having to work through it.    Anti-semitic?  I doubt it.    Bad grammar in spots? Yeah sure, but not a big deal.<br />   In short, a good book, but clearly not in the same league as J.R.R. Tolkien's &quot;The Lord of the Rings.&quot;<br />P.S.  No one talks about this book...at all.  Just wait until Tolkien's movies come out.  See the difference for yourself.
B00001R3GC|5.0|The sequence of albums the Stones put together from Beggars Banquet through to Exile on Main Street ranks among the very best in popular music. In fact, I can't think of a better one. That Sticky Fingers isn't the best of those albums only goes to show how brilliant that sequence is.<br />'Brown Sugar' has gone the way of 'Stairway To Heaven' and other FM radio staples  - overplayed, hardly listenable any longer, but a deserved classic nevertheless. That track gives way to the slow and heavy 'Sway', for my money the best cut on the album, featuring a great Jagger vocal (in fact, his singing is spot on everywhere) and a breathtaking  Mick Taylor solo that just keeps on climaxing. <br />The dependable rhythm section of Watts and Wyman is in fine form, but it's the guitar riffing of Taylor and Richards that steals the show, amply illustrated on 'Can't You Hear Me Knockin', featuring yet another fabulous intro. Could the Stones play an intro, or what? I personally guarantee an involuntary movement from the hips down when the horn-stacked, sex-soaked 'Bitch'  kicks off side two.  (Actually, that doesn't happen with a CD. More's the pity.)  This is a quintessential Stones rocker, and one of their best.<br />I well remember how petrified and thrilled we were as kiddies, playing 'Sister Morphine' with the lights off.  It's still pretty scary, but 'Dead Flowers' is a pleasant balm for your nerves and you'll have forgotten all about it by the time you get to the outstanding  closer, 'Moonlight Mile', a beautifully put together ballad with just the right amount of lushness. I haven't even mentioned 'Wild Horses', which I'm sure many listeners would rank as a favourite, but once again that's a measure of what's on offer here. <br />Since I can't subtract a half star for the lesser (but by no means bad) tracks [5, 7, 9], this gets bumped up to a 5. Great.
B0000029LG|5.0|anyone who is even remotely interested in Michael Jackson's music should buy this CD. It spans all of his styles and phases. Each song is amazing. This set is as good as buying all Michael's CDs, since it has all the greatest songs. And dont overlook the second CD, with Scream, etc.
6300214753|5.0|Ferris Bueller's Day Off in my opinion is one of the greatest comedy films ever made. Not only because the slick aand sly Matthew Broderick starred in it, but because the way you were actually able to feel for the charcters throughout the whole film which was full of jokes. In most comedies they just give you a story, some jokes, make you laugh, and it's over. Not with this.<br /> From the opening scene when Ferris is in his bedroom and faking sick, you know that this movie will be a great comedy with a pretty good story. Although the whole movie looking down on it as not as good as an Adam Sandler movie, you will still appreciate this movie for the brilliance of the whole film and the acting.<br /> So, in need of a real good movie that won't disappoint you, be sure to catch Ferris Bueller's Day Off.<br />HAPPY VIEWING
B000002TPS|3.0|If Megadeth's previous album treaded the fine line between commercial rock and pure metal, YOUTHANASIA tips the balance to a decidedly more accessible direction.  Perhaps an envious Dave Mustaine decided he'd pull out all the stops to match Metallica's success, and as time has shown, he was unsuccessful.  <br />YOUTHANASIA features rock-solid production and musicianship, and admittedly, the band's song-writing is mature and smooth.  There's a bigger emphasis on catchy chrosuses rather than lengthy lead breaks, which make this album quite good until you realize this is probably their weakest yet in terms of musical exploration.  Personally, I found most of the songs here nothing more than four minutes of verses and chrosuses.  No lengthy intros, few memorable riffs, short solos which lack excitement and fire.  Also noticeably absent is the passion behind previous classics like &quot;Peace Sells&quot;, &quot;In My Darkest Hour&quot;, and &quot;Tornado of Souls&quot;.  <br />In the end, YOUTHANASIA is an above average album which continues Megadeth's evolution.  For sure, the band has grown and matured, but yet it's hard to give this album much praise after hearing what they did on albums like RUST IN PEACE.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|This cd is a whole new side of Christina with songs like Merry Christmas Baby and These are the special times.Although some songs like This Year are still the genie singing!Christmas Time was very unusual!Starting off with fala la la la ang going into a pop/r&amp;b beat.She actually does a little rap part in here.I really think she should have just made her next album instead of making this because it doesn't even seem like a christmas cd to tell you the truth though.Well I have had my say.All in All go buy it kids and adults.It is worth it.As for those screaming comments.NO.She isn't screaming  she is vocalizing and well I might add.
B000002JS0|4.0|This is a great album. They've had better, though. Bon really sounds great on this CD. &quot;Little Lover&quot; almost sounds like Jimi Hendrix. Songs like &quot;Live wire&quot; and &quot;The Jack&quot; make this album great. You must get this simply because it has Bon Scott.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I don't think there is any way you could make a single CD Beatles compilation that would please most diehard Beatles fans, or even casual ones.<br />I think one valuable reason that this CD may be marketed at young people is that they don't have a big archive of music they've already bought, and have somewhat limited funds to buy new music.<br />I remember in high school, a 3 or 4 CD box set of Led Zeppelin came out. Many kids who considered themselves major fans only bought this one. I had all 10 albums (on cassette tape), and thought they were missing out. (I don't want to get into Zep vs. Beatles debate)<br />When I graduated from college, I only had 10 CDs by a variety of artists, despite having owned a CD player for 3 years. I bought that many more in the following couple months.<br />&quot;Greatest hits&quot; albums serve a valuable purpose for people who have a limited budget of time or money to spend on music, plus those who aren't dedicated fans.<br /> Some people may buy this album only to fall in love with the band and buy lots more of their music. Others will be satisfied with the one CD and still others won't listen to it much or at all. It could serve a valuable purpose for some young, broke, beginning fan to hold them through until they have money to buy more albums.<br />I am not going to buy this CD. As time and money allow, I will buy more of the Beatles albums to add to the 5 I have.<br />However, I will probably stick with the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; albums I have of Eric Clapton, Steppenwolf, Talking Heads, etc., unless I can find other CDs that allow a good sampling of their music without buying everything they ever made. <br />I would encourage other artists with a large number of albums to make Greatest Hits CDs. On the other hand, they may want casual fans to buy a dozen albums to get the one song they like off of each one, or to not buy any because they can't afford the several CDs.<br />I am never going to be like some people I know whoown thousands of CDs, or own everything they can find by an artist with a large output of music. There may be that many CDs I would like if I heard them, but I don't have the money, the time to listen to them, or the space to put them.
B00000634J|5.0|Lennon's solo albums were always hit or miss affairs. Lennon Legend manages to collect most of Lennon's essential singles with much improved sound quality. What is a surprise, though, is the missing Move Over Ms. L. While it wasn't a hit (but then again neither was Mother or Working Class Hero)that particular rarity (which you can only find on The John Lennon Collection or the boxset)managed to funnel John's personal demons into a compelling 3 minute song.<br />On the other hand, this collection brings focus back to John's other important singles and album tracks that were left off of Collection (in favor of a healthy sampling from Double Fantasy). I was rather surprised to see the credit change on Give Peace A Chance (McCartney was always listed as co-writer even though he wasn't). Yes it does correct a mistake but it seems....petty given the circumstances.<br />The best tracks here remind me why I liked Lennon in the first place--his frankness and rock and roll spirit. If you're looking to have one album to represent Lennon this would be a fine selection.
B00003OSSM|1.0|Reading the video box of Random Hearts, I was unwitingly lured into believing it was a mildly interesting intrigue thriller. I could not have been more wrong - in fact, it was possibly one of the worst films I have ever seen. Harrison Ford looked like a tired and dirty old man, Kristin Scott-Thomas was, well, Kristin-Scott Thomas, and there were times when the dialogue was so nauseatingly I struggled to sit through it. It was a tedious, useless and deeply disappointing film, and I strongly warn anyone who is a about to make the same mistake I did.
B00004XONN|5.0|What strikes me about this album isn't so much the band's &quot;progress&quot; or &quot;departure&quot; from OK Computer, but how completely the album creates its own atmosphere. The album flows from one track to the next, carrying you through its moods.  Tracks like Kid A, The National Anthem and Treefingers have distinct other-worldly feels.  Everything in its Right Place Idioteque and Optimistic rock enough to give the album pace and the listener something to hum when it's done.  No, it's not OK Computer Version 2.0...it's Dark Side of the Moon only better.
B000002L9J|5.0|Being a product of the Nineties, in which rock/alternative music has more often than not used the Sixties as its reference point sound-wise, I felt until recently that the music of the Eighties was shallow, overboiled, synthesizer-laden crap. Although I still think that a lot of it is, The Smiths, and especially this album, have showed me the error of my ways. Morrissey is an singularly gifted lyricist, able to be incredibly affecting, humorous, self-loathing or caustic in plain but eloquent language. And Johnny Marr's tunes are the ideal foil; they make Morrissey's insights hummable. &quot;I Know It's Over,&quot; &quot;The Boy with the Thorn in His Side&quot; and &quot;There Is a Light That Never Goes Out&quot; are beautiful, timeless classics; the title track ROCKS and is very funny and satirical, as are &quot;Frankly, Mr. Shankly,&quot; &quot;Bigmouth Strikes Again&quot; and &quot;Vicar in a Tutu.&quot; If you are a teenager or have ever been one, this album will mean something significant to you. If, like me, you really hate the Eighties, you'll have to overlook the production, which is pretty dated, but once you do your life will be enriched for owning this album.
0140288503|5.0|gripping and heart-stopping suspense.  i couldn't put it down.  this is one hell of a war story.  brilliantly written with the absolute realism.  highly recommanded.  can't wait for the movie.
014028009X|3.0|Thre are two ways in which an eventual reader could enjoy this book: either if s/he wants to spend time with an easy-read piece of trash or if s/he (especially a &quot;he&quot;) wants to understand what the typical anxieties of today's woman are.  Undoubtly, these anxieties are exaggerated in Bridget, but by and large, the stress of social interaction, the pressures of family and friends to have a partner with whom to form a committed relationship, and above all, the anxiety of the clock ticking and Bridget losing her fertile years are a reflection of what females experience.<br />Obsession with self-help, yet a life with constant self-deception and self-justification (e.g., &quot;it doesn't matter if I break a New Year's resolution on 1st January because everyone knows that the new year starts on 2nd January&quot; is a classic) and the focus on weight loss are further examples of today's women.  Also, the mirror into the way women relate to each other is fascinating.  A girls' night out is the framework and excuse to indulge themselves into endless glutony and booze.<br />In my opinion, this trashy book has incredibly been a real success with women because, as soap operas, female readers relate to it.  As a man, this makes me quite disappointed.
B000008GS2|5.0|...going through my cd collection and trying to make room and put away the not really so great after alls when I came across this one.  I hadn't even heard this for well over 5-10 years and boy did the best of what the 80's was all about come rushing through me again. I had forgotting what an outstanding collection of mood songs these were for me. Hearing I am a &quot;man of colors&quot;, &quot;Crazy&quot;, &quot;my obsession&quot;, &quot;the kingdom&quot; wow, just wanted to write a review while its fresh in my head. The song &quot;man of colors&quot; reminds me so much of the great writing of Joni Mitchell and her painting and songwriting halfs and the covers of her &quot;ladies of the canyons&quot; and Icehouse's &quot;man of colors&quot; are quite similar. Its no wonder this collection of songs must have had the inspiration of the likes of one the greatest storyteller/poet musicians  behind them, Joni Mitchell.
B000005Z0G|5.0|Though some hail pac's best album to All Eyez On Me, i sincerely disagree.  The emoton, the energy, the spirit, the beat, it is rap and hip-hop @ it's finest.  Compare Holler if Ya Hear Me to Holla At Me, the emotion is just tenacious in Holler if Ya Hear Me and so meak in Holla At Me.  Even if a song has a poor beat to it (Souljah's Game) it makes up for it in lyrics. Representing '93 has a awesome beat to it and pac gives it up 4 all who deserve it in a freestyle, and it is awesome.  I Get Around is the best track on the album, the beat is funky and free, the voice confident, the lyrics are blasting and you just flow with it.  Point Tha Finga, Last Wordz, Papa'z Song, Keep Ya Head Up, and  Strictly 4 My N.IG.G.A.Z... are just POWERFUL tracks that MUST be heard (alng with The Streets R Death Row)This is by FAR Pac's best album, if U buy one pac album, Make it this one.
0920668372|5.0|This is a book that you, as a grown-up reading it to your child or just for yourself, will have a hard time getting through it without shedding some tears.  It is a sensitive, beautiful, loving book that chokes me up EVERYTIME I read it... and I read it over and over again and still get the same results.  I must commend Sheila McGraw on this incredible story.  Anyone that ever was a mother or child can relate tenderly to this beautiful piece of litary artwork.  I LOVE THIS BOOK AND I WILL LOVE THIS BOOK FOREVER!!!
B000051VWW|5.0|&quot;I'm in the wilderness, You are in the music...You are the lover's rock, the rock I cling to - the rock I swim to.&quot;  And you will be clinging to Sade's CD for the comfort of that lover's rock - all who have had broken hearts and experienced the safety of love with it's false illusions.  Now that I've dried my eyes and regained my composure, I hope that I can effectively tell you how this CD has touched my heart and blessed my ears.  &quot;Every Word&quot;- Infidelity caught on a picture as Sade laments, &quot;I saw a picture, how could you be so careless....and I write this letter, I send it all back to you, and every word you said.&quot;  &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; - She belts out &quot;I'm crying everyone's tears,&quot; need I say more!  The woman simply sends shivers through my spine with the depth of her voice ~ she's claiming her pain and yours and expressing it like only Sade Adu has the force to do.  And then there's a song, probably sung to her own Nigerian father called &quot;Immigrant,&quot; yet the words echoed that of my own departed father years ago on the indignity of racism when he migrated to California in the 1950's. It simply tore me apart.  Don't miss &quot;Flow&quot; and &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot; all jewels in her crown.<br />Sade is a MUSE connected to that realm of broken hearts, dreams, and human weaknesses.  Sit back, light a fire, spike that double latte, and if it's a particularly rough stage in your life in matters of love- have a box of tissue handy.  The emotional sincerity translates into her music and there is no better way to take that roller coaster ride than with Sade &quot;By Your Side.&quot;
6300189473|5.0|I cant believe that people don't like this movie. This is the best Christmas Video me and my mum have ever seen. It was shown on T.V in the UK a couple of years ago and we recorded it. My dad however decided that he wanted to record The Motorshow over it, my Mum was not impressed. The first time we saw this movie was at the pictures when it first came out. I love it and I realy realy want a copy so bad. It would make my Mum's Christmas.<br />PLEASE PLEASE RE RELEASE THIS FILM IN THE U.K. IVE SEARCHED EVERWHERE FOR IT AND NO ONE HAS A COPY. COME ON GUYS WHATS GOING ON.
6304056958|5.0|Wow.  This movie is absolutely brilliant.  <br />Having spent 9 of my most formative years in an all-girls school, I can attest to the beastly, fascinating manner in which women interact with each other; and this film captures it all perfectly.  The gossip!  The back-stabbing!  The use of men (who, in &lt;The Women,&gt; never once grace the screen) to gain power over one other!<br />But in case I'm making &lt;The Women&gt; sound like a frenzy of bitchy back-biting, let me assure you that it is written with incisive wit and acted with panache.  <br />Buy it!  Buy it!  Buy it!
630512762X|1.0|Let me start off by saying I have nothing against John Travolta (although i did not like Pulp Fiction), and Nicholas Cage is still one of my favorite performers.  Actually, they both give good, twisting performances in this film. That said, Face/Off is an overblown, mind-numbing experiment gone wrong.  <br />Granted, the first 15-20 minutes proceed well, with Cage as a dancing priest and the first-half of the airport chase/shootout.  But this film so rapidly deteriorates into a series of almost every bad action movie cliche sewn together. Poorly.  <br />There are far too many bad moments to list here.  Is it the easy escape from the inescapable prison? Is it the heavy-handed use of a Disney tune during a shootout? Is it the fact that even the even the most disinterested of wives could tell if someone were impersonating her husband?  Maybe an exhausting boat chase.  No wait, perhaps a standoff at a church?  This movie takes &quot;ridiculous&quot; to a whole new level.<br />People will say that often we need to check our brains at the door, and just enjoy a movie.  With Face/Off, that is not possible (as it is with say, Independence Day) because it seems like it wants to be taken seriously, and it doesn't have enough of a sense of humor for us (me) to take it otherwise.  <br />Fans of this flick are more often that not fans of the two leads, or worship at the feet of director John Woo. I don't know much about Mr. Woo -- except that M:I 2 was mediocre, but not offensively bad like this -- but his brand of so-called stylized violence can't save this sinking ship of a film any more than nice clothes could rescue Wild Wild West.  <br />Please, do yourself a favor...avoid Face/Off on film, tape, dvd, cable, and/or broadcast tv.  It is just that BAD!
0920668372|5.0|This is a book that you, as a grown-up reading it to your child or just for yourself, will have a hard time getting through it without shedding some tears.  It is a sensitive, beautiful, loving book that chokes me up EVERYTIME I read it... and I read it over and over again and still get the same results.  I must commend Robert Munsch on this incredible story.  Anyone that ever was a mother or child can relate tenderly to this beautiful piece of litary artwork.  I LOVE THIS BOOK AND I WILL LOVE THIS BOOK FOREVER!!!
0812589041|5.0|This is my absolute favorite book. Never before have I been able to recommend a book to all my friends and also have them all thoroughly enjoy it as much as I did. I adore books and reading altogether, but Ender's Game is the best book I have EVER read.
0440224764|4.0|I enjoyed The Partner, the ending left you wondering if Eva was a great actress or did she disappear because someone was still after Patrick and she was leading them away from him.  Even through he had paid the money back, those type of people don't like being made to look like fools.  So did she really take off with the money? I don't think so...I think she was being followed and knew it.
B00004VXF2|5.0|I am primarily a fan of electronic music. This is similar to LaMont Young or any other exploration of pure sound or pure noise. Don't buy it if you are looking only for music in a rock sensability.
B000002NHN|5.0|I've had this CD for a year now....and listen to it most everyday if you want soothing haunting magical music.....you WANT this CD
157492589X|5.0|No other miniseries has the combination of epic sweep and perfectly realized performances that Lonesome Dove has. A few British miniseries--&quot;I, Claudius&quot; and &quot;Brideshead Revisited&quot;--may come close in the acting department, and &quot;Streets of Laredo,&quot; McMurtry's own sequel to Lonesome Dove, may capture some of the original's sweep and intensity. But Lonesome Dove is winner and still champ, and the main reason for it is Robert Duvall's performance as Gus McCrae, surely one of the greatest performances ever recorded for posterity. The rest of the supporting cast--Tommy Lee Jones, Anjelica Huston, even Robert Urich--is a hand-and-glove match for Duvall, and all of the actors more than do justice to the superb screenplay. I love the characters--and the actors who played them--so much that I find myself taking almost a familial interest in them; when I read of Diane Lane's success in &quot;The Perfect Storm,&quot; or Rick Schroder's in &quot;NYPD Blue,&quot; I feel happy that Lorie and Newt are making their way in the world!
6305268843|5.0|This is a real sleeper.  It is sad that many people will not get to see it because it is a wonderful film with rich characterizations, gorgeous scenery and haunting music.  The stars have real chemistry and Sophie is like a rose that blooms as the events unfold.  Catch the beautiful boathouse...it is one of a kind.  Do not miss this film, you will not be disappointed.
B000002KIE|4.0|This album, like most Punk music, grows on you. Johnny Rotten is a great talent-- I know that sounds rediculous, but it's true. Listen to 'Metal Box' by PIL if you don't believe me.<br />Anyway, Mr. Rotten steals the show here with his mixture of snarls, growls and hideously frightening cackles. He sort of redoes the palette of a rock vocalist that Smoky Robinson created... really creating the palette of punk rock.<br />The bass and drums are pretty abysmal though. The production stinks. Still, its a classic of rock and valuable simply as a historic document.
6305622930|4.0|The movie is excellent, and I tip my hats to the producers of hte DVD. They did a good job of updating the soundtrack, but the sound is still far from perfect. However, I do not fault the producers, because the problem lies in the age of the film, and not in a lack of effort.
B000002BQK|5.0|My whole life I have loved mariah's music and while Butterfly came as a surprise to me, it was pleasantly so. For anyone who is thinking of buying this CD, wanting another &quot;Music Box&quot; or &quot;Daydream&quot; I must tell you that you will not be getting anything remotely like her past succeses because this album introduces a whole new Mariah. She strays from her typical power ballad format that has been such a winner for her all through her career and introduces her listeners to a funkier more R&amp;B based Mariah. Sure there are some beautiful ballads on the album, but they seem to display a combination of the old mariah's sentimentality and the new mariah's emotional maturity and sass. My Favourite Tracks are: Breakdown - A funky song with the greatest beat and the saddest lyrics! - &quot;So what do you do when somebody you're so devoted to suddenly just stops loving you, and it seems they haven't got a clue of the pain that rejection is putting you through. Do you cling to your pride and sing I will survive, do you lash out and say how dare you leave this way, do you hold on in vain as they just slip away?&quot; Butterfly - A gorgeous testimony of Mariah's feelings of loss, but also of her acceptance of fate. The Roof - A very sexy song with a great storyline.  Outside - A song that anyone who has ever felt excluded can relate to. Perfectly written lyrics and a gorgeous melody. &quot;Early on you face, the realisation you dont have a space..&quot; Whenever You Call - Such a wonderful ballad that you could cry over if in the right frame of mind. and of course Honey - Fantastic to dance on, very fun and it shows off Mariah's fantastic range. My advice to anyone thinking of buying this CD is please do because you will not be disappointed, but as I said before keep in mind that if you are expecting another ballad showcase then this will come as a shock. But give it a chance, its one of the most beautiful and expressive albums i have ever had the pleasure ofhearing. Enjoy!
B000001GQ1|1.0|When Kempff was told that he played Beethoven like a human being rather than a pianist, he took it as a complement. Well, in case you want a pianist's Beethoven, then look elsewhere. Kempff's interpretations are dead and dry. Can you imagine the passionate Beethoven sitting at a piano and playing these sonatas like Kempff does. I cannot. To me Beethoven is energy and passion, which this recording is missing.
B000007ODM|5.0|Nothing can describe the feeling when you FINALLY find out the name of this album, and that piece of music that has been haunting you for MONTHS finally has a name.<br />Australian readers won't be familiar with this album, but if they were to hear it, it would be instantly recognisable.  Why?  Because they've heard &quot;Ameno (Remix)&quot; time and time again in the Optus &quot;The Power of Yes&quot; advertising campaign on television.  If you're ever wondered what that bit of music was, then you really should buy this CD.  I myself searched for months for what this was - and even went to the stage of calling the company that ran the advertisements to find out.<br />There's nothing I can do to describe this album, other than to mention what I do with it.  It's one of my favourite albums to put on, and then sit down, close my eyes and be truly lost in the ambient and yet strangely epic sound.  Listening to this album, choruses well up around you as you listen, and the sound is so full and rounded that you almost feel trapped in such a beautiful piece of art.<br />I can't recommend this CD highly enough.  If you like albums such as Deep Forest or especially Enigma with their &quot;epic&quot; quality, then give this a try.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
B00003CXDB|5.0|The movie is fantastic, and it is about time they released it in DVD. The DVD is good, and includes a &quot;making of&quot; featurette which is very interesting and looks to have been recently made. The movie is a classic.
6303614493|5.0|&quot;Casper&quot; is a great movie. I am not a fan of Christina Ricci or Devon Sawa but I like the movie because it has great special effects and the acting is really good. It's also quite funny. My favorite scene is the dance with Kat and Casper. I really liked the end because Devon was the real life Casper and he was really hott when he was 17. My favorite line of the whole movie was &quot;can I keep you?&quot; because I thought it was really sweet and that's when Kat realized it was Casper. I think the only thing that sucked about this movie was that Devon only had a cameo. His role should have been longer. I am going to buy the movie soon. It's great!
630018403X|5.0|This is my favourite film ever. I can't quite say why as there are too many reasons. I thought Judd Nelson was particularly great as was Emilio Estevez. However that is not to detract from the other great performances by Molly Ringwald, Ally Sheedy, Anthony Michael Hall, John Kapelos and Paul Gleason. When I tell people that its about 5 students in detention they just look at me but its the journey we take with Alison, Andy, Bender, Brian and Claire that makes it so superb. If this teaches us anything its that people have problems no matter how blessed you think they are. I liked this whole era of films such as St Elmo's Fire, Pretty in Pink etc and while other viewers find it brings back memories of the 80's I am enjoying these films as a 90's viewer. If I had to summarise The Breakfast Club in three words it would be superb, brilliant and excellent. To anyone reading this who hasn't seen the film buy it now you won't regret it. <br />I also liked Vernon being analysed by Karl who tells him that he only took a teaching position cos he thought it would be easy. &quot;Then you found that it was actually work and that really bummed you out&quot; However my favourite line is too hard to choose as 10 or 11 spring to mind immediately. It is not an exageration to say I have watched it about 100 times and will never get sick of it.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory is a great CD, it has a lot of variety; which i like because it annoys the hell outta me when every song on an album sounds just like the one you just heard. It has some rap, some melody, and the music is just awesome. It's cool because they have 2 singers so you don't have to listen to the same singer the whole time. It has great lyrics, talented vocalists, and great music. every song on it kicks, my personal faves are 2, 3, 6, and 8. just go get it, you won't regret
B00004Z4SD|3.0|From ELEPHANT MAN to SAILOR AND LULA and from ERASERHEAD to TWIN PEAKS, director David Lynch has written some of the most intriguing pages of modern cinema. So I was a little puzzled after having seen THE STRAIGHT STORY, a movie David Lynch shot in the autumn of 1998 in Iowa and Wisconsin. Apart of the first travelling of the movie and an accident scene shot in a subjective manner through Alvin's eyes, the movie adopts a very classic form. Obviously, David Lynch didn't want us to be distracted from the story he chose to film.<br />Now, is there any substance in this story of an old man deciding to visit his brother by driving an unusually slow vehicle ? Of course, yes. The theme of the redemptive trip can been found in thousand of books and naturally in most of the road movies shot since the sixties. But, in my opinion, what makes THE STRAIGHT STORY strange and truly original is Alvin's idea that if he can make it, his brother will be still alive on his arrival. The trip is not only redemptive for Alvin and his conscience, it is also magic. And I'm intimately convinced that this is the theme which has seduced David Lynch, mystic among the mystics.<br />Sissy Spacek proves once more that she is a very talented actress in THE STRAIGHT STORY and the only reason I give only three stars to this movie is that I would have liked a little more madness in the treatment of this unusual story.<br />Be advised that this review is about the DVD zone 2 I've bought at Amazon.fr. A french dubbed version and french subtitles as bonus features as well as an interview with David Lynch one cannot find on the DVD zone 1.<br />A - carpe diem- DVD.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Going into this movie, I thought it would be a shallow story, depending on the two main actors (Brad Pitt and Edward Norton) to deliver box office numbers, and little else.  I was shocked by what I saw during the first viewing, and it only gets better each successive time.<br />Fight Club is about a man (Edward Norton) who becomes unsatisfied with his normal life.  He hates his job, has serious insomnia, and only finds relief when surrounding himself with others who are suffering.  He meets Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) on a business flight, and they become quick friends.  Tyler leads him into a life he never imagined, forcing Norton's character to hit bottom so he can improve his life.<br />Fight Club is beautifully shot, has a great script and appropriate background music.  The script challenges the viewer to think about their life in different ways and makes them think about the consumeristic culture in which people find themselves today.<br />The DVD has tons of extra commentary and outtakes - which only make you appreciate the movie even more.  A must buy.
6302814782|5.0|Its more comedy than horror as I don't do horrors normally but still I loved this. Picture the scene you are 18 years old(or so) and you move to the murder capital of the world. I like Michael would be unimpressed. The acting by Jason Patric and Kiefer Sutherland is particularly good and even the gory bits are bearable. I'm trying hard to justify giving it 5 stars but it is good. I wouldn't lie believe me. Eagle eyed viewers will spot Alex Winter (Bill S Preston Esquire) in the role of a vampire here. By far the funniest scenes are the dinner scene where Sam and the Frog Brothers try to prove that Max is the head vampire and also the scene where Sam is given a stuffed animal by his grandfather not funny you would think but its his reaction to it. I never watch the horrors but I own this on video and it is watched regularly. It also contains the excellent song People are Strange.
B000001FXT|4.0|Marley's music has the artistic and creative fire that is largely missing in action throughout popular music regardless of genre. Now that that's out of the way, I'll discuss this album.<br />Even though I like this album, I believe wholeheartedly that Marley has done better. Musically speaking, despite the addition of some unusual instrumentation (harmonica, synthesizers, and other instruments that I don't believe Marley had used up to that point). The new parts do add a lot, but some of the tracks suffer from some lethargic playing which is pretty suprising for anything Marley has ever released. The weak links in the chain on this album are: Babylon System and Africa Unite. <br />But with that said, everything else on the album is top shelf music. Lyricallly speaking, this is probably Marley's hardest hitting album. He takes on opressors of all stripes and supports the forces of liberation throughout the world. The horns on this album are tight and add so much to the tracks. And I can't praise classics like So Much Trouble In The World, Survival, and Wake Up And Live enough. <br />In conclusion, it's not as stunning as Live!, Uprising, or Legend. But, Survival still should be in any Marley fan's collection.
B0000025VU|5.0|I really don't believe that Dylan was attacking Christianity in his song &quot;Man Of Peace&quot;  Exactly what Dylan had in mind you and I can only guess - however there is a profound difference between Christianity and Christendom.  One represents the true teachings of Christ - the other represents the organized religions that claim to be practicing Christianity all of which have so many different ideas, doctrines and differences that indeed one has to ask, &quot;Is it possible for all roads to lead to the same place?&quot;  Perhaps just as God rejected ancient Israel for their rejection of his Son as the promised messiah, he will also reject the figurative Man of Peace,  who also today claims to represent Christ.  (How many wars have been fought over religious differences and what about the blessing of troops and weapons by priests of both opposing sides?)   Anyway I think you can see that Dylan's  song has other possibilities.  It's a song basically about hypocrisy and about how Satan can transform himself into an &quot;angel of light&quot; and his(Satan's)ministers can transform themselves into &quot;ministers of righteousness&quot;. In other words they can appear to be something they aren't. [2Cor.11:14,15]
B00000099Y|5.0|Precise, complex, and richly textured,  the songs on Aenima move rock-n-roll to places it's never been before. This is some of the best music I've ever heard. The lyrics on this CD will make you think as well as feel: The vocals, guitar, base, and percussive elements combine effectively to emphasize a contrast between intricate melody and distorted screams of raw energy and emotion. <br />Williams' copy-and-paste editorial review above misses the true content of Aenima by universes: To say &quot;There's not a whole lot of variety&quot; and &quot;high gear for the chorus, and repeat&quot; in the same breath as &quot;Tool&quot; post Aenima (or Undertow for that matter) is incomprehensible nonsense. It's tempting to fill up the rest of the space with a diatribe on the distilled inaccuracies in Williams' short review ... but only because the review's inaccuracies, by contrast to reality, illuminate key elements in the music.<br />One word Williams got right was &quot;texture&quot;. Perhaps &quot;vitriol&quot; too, to be fair, although MJK's lyrics seem to indicate his meaning is something beyond that: Near the end of the arguably (delightfully!) vitriolic song &quot;Aenema&quot;, he urges the listener &quot;don't just call me a pessimist ... try and read between the lines&quot;. But texture is certainly a key element that makes the music of Tool the rare animal it is: The very antithesis of repetitive, it turns out. <br />The song &quot;H.&quot; is a good example: Even when a refrain is repeated in the lyrics (and then only once in a 6:07 long song), it has mutated into something different from what was heard the first time though. If you listen to what's happening underneath the lyrics, the guitar, base and percussion are modulating the rhythm, note emphasis, and the notes themselves throughout the song. <br />In a more insightful review by J. Ivey, Ivey observes:<br />   &quot;Eschewing the time-honored tradition of repeating a hook until it's beaten into the listeners head, Tool creates a striking guitar line and then casually abandons it. This in turn is then replaced with a new hook , only to be replaced again, all with fluid ease.&quot;<br />I've had to listen to some songs dozens of times to catch even half of what's going on. Many of the song had a raw feel at first, but this is deceptive: Listening more attentively, I can't help but think they are actually very precisely mapped out and must have taken many, many hours in the studio to produce.<br />Tool's lyrics often lay open and explore unpleasant, under-examined aspects of human nature:                           &quot;Gee, what's under here Wally? Uhg. Oh...yak.&quot;. <br />Sort of like a Francis Bacon retrospective.<br />I think the heart of Tool's appeal (for me, at least) lies in what I perceive to be a Rejection of commercialism, &quot;pop culture&quot;, the recording industry itself, and the insipid inanities we've become largely desensitized to that wash over us in waves via television newscasters, sit-coms with laugh tracks, radio talk-shows, newspapers, and the internet, as enterprises compete for our almighty advertising dollar.<br />The form of the music follows the function of great art: An alarm clock ringing, a wake up call. Or, perhaps, like a small stake in the heart of a very large vampire, Maynard is trying to set us free from a self created, soulless existence. <br />Then again, maybe I've just been listening to too much Tool lately. :-)
B00000J7SO|5.0|Read all the reviews on this and have added this to my Wish List.  I have the original on both LP and CD and it's always been one of my favorite Dylan albums (I own over 90% of all of Dylan's official releases).  The two things I like most about Dylan is [1] I never tire of listening to his songs and if I don't like them at first listen - the more I listen the more they grow on me. and [2] Dylan sounds like nobody else.  This album like any Dylan album is a reflection of Dylan's ability to change and change he does.  From his early folk sound to his later folk/rock to the Dylan rock of Blonde on Blonde and then there's his country sound on Self Portrait and Nashville Skyline.  This is what real Dylan fans like most about Bob.  You never know what he's gonna do next.  I heard him last week live in concert and he did Blowing In The Wind in a way he's never done it before.  I would rate this album as one of his best - let's say his top 20%
B0000024K1|5.0|Politically-charged rap group Public Enemy reached a creative peak with their second album.  They laid the groundwork with their debut YO! BUM RUSH THE SHOW and got people talking about them, but with this one they came full-throttle against their oppressors.  The Bomb Squad's production is hard-hitting and abrasive, no slickly-produced R&amp;B beats here - pure killer drum n bass bumping, with rap's most authoritarian voice still managing to be heard over the all the racket.<br />Chuck D urges education, intelligence, and if necessary violence.  On IT TAKES A NATION OF MILLIONS TO HOLD US BACK Public Enemy basically puts a gun to the head of communists, racists, men in white sheets, and the government, cocks back the hammer, and yells &quot;Bring tha Noise!&quot;  <br />For all the flack and hell this group gets [sometimes deservedly so]... you gotta respect their nerve.
B000051VWW|3.0|I purchased Sade's long awaited CD &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; and I have to tell ya,..half of me loves this CD and the other half of me is disappointed. First of all,..let's start with the disappointed half. This is an Acoustic set with most of it being programmed with no Sax appearing on any of the cuts at all. This is not to say that the project is a flop,..but Sade is good for throwing at least two or three up-tempo/dance tracks with an a sax wailing on her albums,..but here,..with the excepiton of the title track which BTW is her best on the CD and one other...most of the tracks are just alittle too quite. This does not sound like Sade's band &quot;Sweetback&quot; which has been with her since the beginning (they released their solo project a few years back.) &quot;Slave Song&quot; is o.k. with its reggae ala Grace Jones beat. &quot;Every Word&quot; is done with the &quot;Sade&quot; style that we are all familiar with her singing &quot;I was loving you like a child, I really trusted you,...you treated me like a stranger all the time I was loving you&quot;,..but even here,...something is missing?. I truly believe if some level of sax,steel drums or maybe some vibes were added to this...the sound would be totally different. One other note from the disappointed side. With 11 tracks on this CD!,...why is it only 44 minutes long?. After listening to this,..it feels and sounds like most of these songs are fillers from past albums that did not make the cut. Now for the half of me that like this CD,..and I may sound hypocritical here?,..but it's Sade!,..and after I have listened to it for about a week!,.,.my whole opinion will possibly change. As of right now,..I give it 3 out of 5 stars.<br />alljazz98
B000002TQV|4.0|How would you review this?  It would be confusing to say &quot;an acoustic rock album with a lot of electronic effects&quot;.  Even so, That's exactly what this landmark album is.  Thom Yorke and Ed O'Brien's guitar team amazes me.  On the one hand, you have solid chord progressions on the acoustic guitar for mostly every song.  On the other hand, you have electric guitars with effects such as tremelo that serve sort of as a counterpoint to the acoustic guitar.  All of this mixing with Thom Yorke's vocals make it a masterpiece. The only reason this album got 4 out of 5 stars is because i'm comparing it to &quot;Kid A&quot;. <br />1. Planet Telex.  This opening song is full of guitar tremelo.  I don't consider it to be one of the best songs on the album, but it is a good listen.<br />2. The Bends.  The title track is more of the conventional rock, but still has the remnance of the traditional Radiohead style.<br />3. High and Dry.  This song is the reason I bought the album for, and it continues to be my favorite song on the album to listen to.  It's an acoustic rock classic.<br />4. Fake Plastic Trees.  You can find the acoustic version of this song on the Clueless soundtrack. I really enjoy this song as it shows the downbeat of the album, which prepares you for the rest of the album. <br />5. Bones.  Bones is the &quot;recover from Fake Plastic Trees&quot; song.  It reminds me more of Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; era. <br />6. (Nice Dream).  The song is probably in perenthesis since Thom Yorke never really sings Nice Dream, he just utters it.  This song is really great, and I like to sing to it. <br />7.  Just.  Starting out with 4 acoustic chords, then repeating the 4 chords in distorted electric.  This is a conventional rock song, and it is always great to listen to.<br />8.  My Iron Lung.  At the beginning, you hear an electric with tremelo, and then leads into a steady bass line.  This song reminds me again of the &quot;OK Computer&quot; era. The bridgebeing amazing in its complexity.<br />9.  Bullet Proof...I Wish I Was.  Imagine weird repetitve electric guitar loops and samples being drowned out by acoustic guitars and a high tuned snare while Thom sings in an almost drunken slur.  Get the Point? <br />10.  Black Star.  Right from the fade in, this song reminds me of a more conventional rock song.  Thom Yorke's vocal melody in this song is really enjoyable to listen to.  <br />11.  Sulk.  It starts out in dissonance, but almost amazingly, it comes together and actually sounds good.  <br />12.  Street Spirit (Fade Out).  This song is REALLY amazing, I enjoy being able to hear the electronic appregiates and hearing Thom Yorke sing as he does in this song.  It makes me feel as if i'm living in the future.<br />4 out of 5 stars.
0688002307|1.0|It is a brave reviewer who wades into the flood of praise that has been heaped upon this book over the years with a skeptical note to sound. (Sorry about mixing all those metaphors, but if you like this book you probably won't mind.) A friend of mine recommended this book to me some years ago, telling me that the book was, for him, genuinely inspirational, a feeling that many other reviewers here appear to share. I read it carefully precisely because I care for my friend and wanted to understand him better. But I have to say, in all honesty, that this is one of the worst books I have ever read.<br />It is not merely that it's pretentious and outlandish--plenty of &quot;philosophical&quot; books fall into those categories--but it is also monumentally boring. It achieves a degree of boringness that remains unmatched by any other book I have read, and I think that if I can honestly boast about anything, I can boast about the number and variety of books I have read. I've read long books, short books, scholarly books, schlocky books, comic books, cookbooks, mystery novels, fantasy novels--you name it, this beats them all in the boredom category. After reading page after interminable page about a meaningless motorcycle drive across Montana and God knows how many other interminable states, interspersed with prurient glimpses into a decaying psyche that winds up imploding in a most anti-climactic way, one begins to count the pages to the end with every page turn.<br />As a teacher of philosophy I was dismayed to find that many people who claim to be interested in philosophy found this book to be an effective introduction to the topic. It is perhaps no accident that the people who tell me that this was the first &quot;philosophy&quot; book they read, and that it was foundational for them, turn out to be among the least philosophical people I know. Indeed, many of them appear to be ineducable in the subject, a property that I ascribe to having used this book as their introduction to the subject.<br />I appear to be in the minority in this view, however. I suppose that I must be some sort of philistine or something, but I can find nothing of value here, either philosophically, spiritually, or psychologically. And I still know nothing about maintaining a motorcycle.tion to the subject.<br />I appear to be in the minority in this view, however. I suppose that I must be some sort of philistine or something, but I can find nothing of value here, either philosophically, spiritually, or psychologically. And I still know nothing about maintaining a motorcycle.
0790736330|4.0|Just this,Warner is completly lost and they promise but never give as with this so called special edition which does NOT include the bonus material &quot;after the movie&quot;it claims.Do they really do their work?Do they care?
B000001E18|5.0|This album is one of the best ever made, ever released, ever heard.  Together with their 1984 release, &quot;The Unforgettable Fire,&quot; these are the two Must Owns for Music Fans as well as U2 Fans.  ZOOROPA is filled with songs that destroy your world and build it up again.  Their latest single, &quot;Beautiful Day,&quot; is filled with many of the same feelings as the lead track from this album, &quot;Zooropa,&quot; but &quot;Zooropa&quot; did it even better.  It's a look at the world filled with hope; hope from despair.  An amazing trip.<br />But NOTHING can prepare you for the fifth track, &quot;Stay (Faraway, So Close!)&quot; -- Nothing in this world.  If you think that a love song can't break your heart, this song will prove you wrong.  In my opinion, the single solitary best song ever written.  Give it a listen.  Like wine, it gets better with time.  With every listen.<br />As does &quot;Babyface,&quot; a more beautiful yet twisted &quot;love song&quot; you cannot picture.  Like the Police's hit, &quot;Every Breath You Take,&quot; listening to this song makes you ask: &quot;Lover or Stalker, who is this about?&quot;  &quot;The First Time&quot; is a simply magical number, pure and fragile like a flower.  It is quiet and contemplative; you need to strain your ears to hear it all, but you can never hear it all.  Much like the track &quot;Running to Stand Still&quot; from their classic &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; album.<br />Anger, confusion, angst and pain arise like a thunderstorm from the distance in &quot;Dirty Day.&quot;  This is perhaps one of the five most lyrically powerful songs written.<br />This album only gets better with time.  I don't want to reveal all the tracks on here....you deserve some surprise!  Trust me on this.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|OVERALL: George Martin<br />ON THE SONGS: Simple, simple, simple<br />ON PERFORMANCE: Effortless <br />ON OVERALL SOUND: Can you say \\"Tube Harmonics\\"? Can you say \\"U-47&quot;? Can you say: \\"Hofner\\"?<br />ON AUTHENTICITY: Finally, I can breathe a sigh of relief. Smooth digital compression WAS applied. I only wish digital compression breathed as much as much as my sighs. <br />ON LACK THEREOF: It seems to be missing Gustav Mahler's vocal harmonies.<br />ON ADDED BONUS'S: While doing total justice to the original vinyl releases, it finally corrects all the digital incompetence on prior Cd releases - not just with early works, but even { &amp; surprisingly) with the only \\"all-transistor\\" recording The Beatles ever did. (Tip: Compare \\"Something\\" from the Abbey Road Cd release to track #24 on the \\"One\\" release. &lt;*Editors note: Maybe Cd's are pretty good after all. Put the creativity back in the hands of the mastering engineer &amp; not only do we get the full sonic possibilities of the Cd medium, but I believe it can make or break a track. I guess I am all ready for the DVD release of every track ever recorded by The Beatles on \\"1&quot; disk in \\"Full Dimensional 24bit/96khz Sound\\".  )<br />ON FORTUNE: Fortunately &amp; finally, The Beatles 3 surviving members have something that they can actually listen to of their own works in their car. Fortunately, for them, they will make a fortune - again.<br />ON PLEASANT SURPRISES: \\"Let It Be\\" is the original 45 r.p.m. release which contains an entirely different lead guitar break than the L.P. &amp; prior Cd release.<br />ON INCREDIBLE: It is incredible &amp; worthy to hear this set of songs, in this order, on one Cd - or should I say on the \\"One\\" Cd.<br />ON WISDOM: It is wise to obtain a copy of \\"One\\" on vinyl.
B0000028M7|5.0|&quot;Dirt,&quot; regarded by most as the definitive work in the AiC catalogue, is one of the best discs I've heard in a while. This is grunge at its finest, heavy as hell yet hauntingly melodic. Jerry Cantrell's command of his instrument is astonishing, and this album is a fine representation of his abilities. However, Dirt's greatest strength lies in Layne Staley's voice, one of the richest and most powerful in rock today. Although none of the tracks are throw-aways, &quot;Down in a Hole&quot;, &quot;Rooster&quot;, &quot;Rain When I Die&quot;, and &quot;Would?&quot; are the finest songs on this cd, beautifully crafted yet retaining the raw energy which is AiC's trademark. I cannot recommend this album highly enough.
B00001U03Q|5.0|From what I've seen this album has recieved a lot of unwarranted criticism from several reviewers who've panned it as a sell out compilation of his post-70s commercial work. This album may not have the bluesy feel of his work with Cream, Blind Faith or D+Ds. But just as The Cream of Eric Clapton is an excellent collection of Clapton's first fifteen years, this is an excellent collection of the last twenty. To say that this album does not rock is the grossest understatement of the year. Songs like Bad Love, Pretending and Forever Man have his guitar playing at it's most blistering. Fiery enough to scrawl &quot;Clapton is God&quot; on the walls all over again. Also included are a bunch of favourites such as Tears in Heaven, My Father's Eyes, Change The World and the timeless unplugged rendition of Layla (though wholly incomparable to the original electric version).<br />This CD is absolutely essential to even the most basic discerning Clapton fan. The other, of course, is The Cream of Eric Clapton, which does not share a single common song (except for the electric version of Layla) with this CD. Clapton truly was, and still is, God.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is a well packaged compilation of the Beatles number one hits.  It has class and and is well done artistically but let's be honest.  This is nothing more than a greatest hits album but, isn't every Beatles album a greatest hits album?  We need to enjoy the albums in their context.  This collection however scrunches the singles together without giving the lay-Beatles Fan a chance to see the genius that went into works.  This is a definite collecters album and a great one to get started on but, everyone needs to know that the albums that they came from are the real gems.  We need to realize that a lot of these songs weren't on albums so we can appreciate them in that regard.  More importantly, however we need to understand that the best Beatles work occurs on their albums and the continutity of these albums can't be matched.  They are the greatest group ever.  This is my advice to enjoy this album.  Look at other greatest hits albums of other artists and understand that these are the songs that dominated the radio waves in the sixties.   Then you can take a trip down memory lane or you can figure out what it was like to live at that time.  Either way enjoy, but remember to find the gems in the albums and you will find out what the Beatles were all about.
B00001U03Q|5.0|From what I've seen this album has recieved a lot of unwarranted criticism from several reviewers who've panned it as a sell out compilation of his post-70s commercial work. This album may not have the bluesy feel of his work with Cream, Blind Faith or D+Ds. But just as The Cream of Eric Clapton is an excellent collection of Clapton's first fifteen years, this is an excellent collection of the last twenty. To say that this album does not rock is the grossest understatement of the year. Songs like Bad Love, Pretending and Forever Man have his guitar playing at it's most blistering. Fiery enough to scrawl &quot;Clapton is God&quot; on the walls all over again. Also included are a bunch of favourites such as Tears in Heaven, My Father's Eyes, Change The World and the timeless unplugged rendition of Layla (though wholly incomparable to the original electric version).<br />This CD is absolutely essential to even the most basic discerning Clapton fan. The other, of course, is The Cream of Eric Clapton, which does not share a single common song (except for the electric version of Layla) with this CD. Clapton truly was, and still is, God.
0316777722|4.0|If you like Dave Barry or Carl Hiaasen's geographical outlandish humor--you'll enjoy Me Talk Pretty One Day. Pity the poor Sedaris family. The things their famous relative writes about them -- in addition to what he says as a regular contributor to National Public Radio -- must have the clan in a state of permanent cringe. That is, if the situations in the latest collection of blisteringly funny pieces (28 in all) by the 43-year-old rapscallion David Sedaris were not so hillariously exaggerated.<br />A sun-worshipping sister is lampooned for being &quot;tanorexic,&quot; and he lists his mom's hobbies as smoking, napping and reading the works of kitsch-maestro Sidney Sheldon. Then there is Sedaris p&eacute;re, a former IBM engineer, who, says the son, hoards food so obsessively that his closet still contains expired six-packs of Sego, the chalky chocolate diet drink of the 1960s.<br />And what are we to make of the claim that in the author's childhood North Carolina household there was an unending turnover of pets, all afflicted with a failure to thrive? As he puts it, &quot;Another day, another collar.&quot;<br />Humor shining through a brilliantly twisted satirist.
B000003NA4|5.0|I'm admitedly not a jazz fan but happened to see Diana Krallperform only 2 songs in PBS tv concert.  Then I went to ... and read the reviews.  I can't hope to duplicate their words so let me say that if you want to save yourself some time just trust the 5 star ratings and get this CD.  The &quot;voice&quot; of the ... consumer has rarely led me astray and this time directed me to musical bliss.  Oh yes, I now own 3 others by this incredible talent.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|One doesn't have to love dogs (and I'm not admitting to anything here) to be won over by this sweet, nostalgic family film in which a boy bonds with a Jack Russell terrier he receives for his 9th birthday in 1942.<br />My Dog Skip, based on a 1995 memoir by Willie Morris, chronicles how the dog's love and loyalty helped transform wee Willie from a shy, friendless boy to an outgoing, self-confident youth. Muniz (TV's Malcolm in the Middle) makes an appealing pint-sized hero, while Kevin Bacon and Diane Lane give assured performances as the boy's stern but loving father and sassy, easygoing mother.<br />A fine film of remembrances which just may bring you to tears.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I bought this yesterday and as a life long Beatles fan who has all the albums its brillant.  Sure it's more Paul than John but that doesnt detract.  Its excellent to have all the songs on one CD.<br />As for the guy from Washington who says the quality is crap, get a new CD player man!  The quality is excellent.  In particular all the old tracks like I feel fine, I want to hold your hand etc. all the hissing from the original CDs (The black and White singles collection) is gone.  Tracks like cant buy me love have bits I never heard before.  All I can say is put it on, crank up the volume and enjoy the greatest rock n roll band of the twentieth and the twenty first century in clear sweet digital for the first time.
B00000IAU3|5.0|As other reviewers have commented, No Angel sounds somewhat familiar to anyone familiar with Sarah McLachlan, Seal, Portishead, Alanis Morissette.  Since I enjoy all those artists I figured I'd like the album, and I was right!  Let me add another name to the list of similar-sounding groups: Mono.<br />While the sounds may be similar, this album stands on its own.  From the haunting sounds of (the overplayed) &quot;Here With Me&quot; and &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; to smile-inducing mello tracks like &quot;Thank You&quot; and &quot;All You Want&quot;, I enjoy listening to every track!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|What can be said about this latest repackaging of hits from the greatest band in pop history?  [Even the 32-page booklet has only one page of text and that is a brief introduction by producer George Martin.] So rather than trying to convince you why YOU should buy this CD, let me tell you why I bought it.<br />1.  I already own all of their albums--two sets of vinyl (I replaced my original mono vinyl purchases in 1980 with all stereo) and their entire CD catalog, so as an avid Beatles fan since 1964 it was an automatic purchase.<br />2.  This is a 79-minute time capsule of many of the Beatles' finest moments during their all too brief career from 1962 to 1970.  [Note:  &quot;Please Please me&quot; reached No. 1 on three of the four published U.K. charts, yet it is not included.  &quot;Something&quot; reached only No. 3 in the U.S. and No. 4 in the U.K., but it is included.  Granted, it was released as a double A-side single and perhaps qualifies, but then why didn't they also include &quot;Strawberry Fields,&quot; which was a double A-side single coupled with &quot;Penny Lane&quot;? To limit this to a single disc, the compilers evidently played fast and loose with the CD's title in order to keep the length under 80 minutes.]<br />3.  Seeing the various picture sleeves used around the world for their singles was a joy--especially the picture sleeves for their U.S. releases which brought back a flood of memories.  Altogether more than 150 picture sleeves are included.  The only text on these pages is the recording date and the studio where the song was recorded, along with the U.K. and U.S. release dates and what weeks the song was No. 1.  It does not, however, include whether it is the mono or stereo mix of these songs.<br />So is this an essential purchase? No, I suppose not.  But for this Beatles' fan it was money well spent. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!RECOMMENDED
B000002NHN|5.0|When listening to Loreena's album titled &quot;Book of Secrets&quot; I hear much dignity and maturity. With an album such as this one can feel no age, no time, but absolute unchanged wisdom. It is like watching an atronomer perfecting the universe till all was in absolute harmony. Loreena is one of the most rare women out in the world who truly knows what music is. Her way of balancing her voice with melodies is pure magic. Her talent can only be said to come through her like a vessel for this talent is coming from universal beauty. She is lucky to have been choosed to represent such a beautiful voice. I love her music. I highly highly HIGHLY recomend this recording, especially to travelers and historians, for this music is standing history.
B000002KIK|5.0|If there ever was an album that was just killed before it came out this album would be it. The album had no chance cause a stupid fans getting all mad about Ozzy and the Sabbath they knew changing. Well This album was a great album and if you still don't see it maybe yor not a music fan, but a blind Ozzy fan. 1. Never Say Die -Great starter! This song builds the tone of the album. 85%2. Johnny Blade -The heavy side of sabbath shows up here and this track sounds like a better Iron Man. Very movig too! 90% 3. Junior's Eyes -A ballod that lost me. Didn't like it as well as the next track but showed the feelings of Ozzy during his time of loss. 75% 4. A Hard Road -The best ballod of this album and the second best ballod of Black Sabbath ever. It's the song that may have lead to the new sound of Sabbah after Ozzy leaving. 95%5. Shock Wave -Spooky track with a nice sound to it. Good enough to listen to anyways. 85% 6. Air Dance -This one is plain different for &quot;Black Sabbath?!&quot;. It's a track that has basicly a piano a singer and drums. Very different! 80% 7. Over To You -More about life and polatics. 80%8. Breakout- This song I agree did not go well on here. But was at least interesting.(No singer in this one) 65%9. Swinging The Chain- The Track with Bill Ward singing. Heavyer track. 85%If you like this album, try out some of the following: Blizzard of Ozz(Ozzy Osbourne), Heaven and Hell(Black Sabbath), Techical Ecstasy(Black Sabbath),and Ozzmosis(Ozzy Osbourne)
B00003CWTI|1.0|How can you make a 'film' as poor as this? Critics use words like &quot;Gripping... Astonishing... Brilliant... A must see... blah...&quot; to describe it. My opinion is that they just don't have a mind of their own and were caught in all the hype of it, and probably think they're part of some elite who have understood some of the more deep/subtle issues the film deals with. <br />Many people say only crap films have a soundtrack going all the way through, and this film just confirms this to be a valid theory. Also if it's such a good film, why is the F word in every sentence? What's the hidden meaning there then mr. critic? DO NOT BUY THIS FILM if you don't like a film that can only express itself through obscene language.<br />If you choose to buy it, just watch every one of the 86 painfully boring minutes of it, and then cry with laughter at the pathetic attempt at symbolism of the frog-rain at the end (apparently having 'biblical overtones', how very intellectual), and then you will understand why I hate this film so intensely.
B00004XONN|4.0|The first time I heard Kid A, I was a little put off by it.  I was expecting weird, but not this weird.  Then I heard it again, and again, and again, and that's when I realized I liked it.  &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; and &quot;Morning Bell&quot; are good examples of songs you think are crap when you first hear them, but then they start to get better as you listen to it more.  &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; I still dont really like, but they're the only bad songs on the album.  So what I'm saying here is just give it a chance and you'll probably end up liking it.
6304056958|5.0|What a great movie!  As the cliche goes, &quot;They don't make 'em like that anymore.&quot;  And that's too bad.  The Women is at once funny, fast-paced, razorsharp, and very well-acted.  Not a single male in any of the scenes.  Norma Shearer is ok in the lead role but, as usual, Rosalind Russell and Joan Crawford steal the show.  The WAV files I have from this movie are many because the jabs are so wicked!  I only wish it was in DVD...
B00004XONN|3.0|This album would have been great if Richard D. James and Charles Mingus hadn't been doing the same things years ago that Radiohead is doing now. Then again, I am mentioning Radiohead in the same breath as Richard D. James and Charles Mingus...
B00003CXDG|1.0|I bought this knowing the plot might be suspect, which it is, but the effects aren't even that good. I bought U-571 at the same time, and it provided a stark contrast. It's effects were outstanding while MI2's were generally unimpressive. All around - the movie sucked. Don't buy it.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Of all the Religous-themed apocalypse movies released during 1999 &amp; 2000 (End of Days, Ninth Gate, Omega Code, just to name a few)Dogma was the only one of these films to be intentionally funny.  Although the plethora of 4-letter words offend many,  the film is well researched in terms of mythology, intelligent &amp; clever in terms of dialogue, and thoughtful thematicly.  Kevin Smith, the director, made this movie as an exploration of his own Faith, resulting in a movie that didn't feel like it was made by a bunch of Bible thumping Hellfire preachers or Hollywood hacks who think that just because the say &quot;Devil&quot; or &quot;Satan&quot; in a movie audience members will be scared.<br />This is not to say that the movie didn't have a few flaws.  Like so many other movies made during the past decade, it felt too long, &amp; Kevin Smith's style as a director seemed ill-suited to the special effects used in the movie, resulting in an occasionally clumsy feel.  This movie may not be as good as Chasing Amy (in my humble opinion, Mr. Smith's finest work to date)but it is still worthwhile.
6305064490|5.0|If you have seen this movie and you say to yourself after wiping away a few tears, &quot;They don't make them like this anymore&quot;, chances are, you might be right.  This movie has a lot of heart, and it's not only a movie for the holidays, but a movie for all seasons.  It stars James (Jimmy) Stewart who plays the lead character George Baily.  Baily is a likable man with a lot of ambition as a kid growing up which stays with him until adult hood.  Determined to leave his small town of Bedford Falls to travel around Europe, then go to college to pursue an engineering career. His plans deteriorates as his father passes away and he ends up with the family bank and loan business.  He ends up marrying Mary Hatch, played by Donna Reed which seemed to be the best thing that could of happened to George.  Always hassled by Mr. Potter, a mean old greedy rich man, to sell out the Baily family business. George wouldn't sell out, thus making Mr. Potter very angry towards George.  Potter finds his revenge when he withholds funds of $8000 misplaced by Baily's uncle.  George knowing he would be jailed for the missing money gets very depressed and really begins to hate his life.  God sends an angel to set his life straight and the climax of the story takes place from here.  &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; is truly a timeless classic, in every sense of the word, and it will be enjoyed throughout the coming ages.
B000007O9L|3.0|I first heard the Stone's version of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; on some middle of the road radio station and couldn't believe what I was hearing. It had been years and years since I heard a Stones song that I wanted to listen to all the way through. But then it took a Dylan song to keep my interest this time around. &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; rocks and rocks and rocks and does everything a rock n' roll song is suppose to do. This is one of the best versions of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; ever made. It has the right balance of energy and sassiness. And the live aspect enhances the performance. The other two songs on the cd that are worth the mention are &quot;Wild Horses&quot; and &quot;Angie&quot; (my two favorite Stones songs). However, had it not been for &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; I would never have purchased this cd. In the late 60's early 70's the Stones seemed soooo cool and on top of the world. It's funny that I now view the Stones like my parents did when I was so enamored with them all those years ago. For sure they still rock, only now they kind of hurt my head when I try to listen to them. Oh well!    ps: &quot;Slipping Away&quot; and &quot;Love In Vain&quot; are pretty good. pss: all said and done I'm really glad the Stones were a part of my early years, they really did rock n' roll like few others!!!
B00004XOWM|5.0|THIS CD IS DA BOMB, PLAIN AND SIMPLE. THANK GOD FRED GOT AWAY FROM ALL THAT CRAP IN HIS OTHER ALBUMS. IF YOU LOVED LIMP BEFORE, THEY'RE NOT DISSIN' YOU THIS TIME. SO BUY THIS ALBUM!<br />WARNING- do not by the limited edition one. it only comes with an extra cd with only one song on it, boring as it could get. it's not worth you're money, but this is!
0679879269|5.0|I loved this book! After waiting for almost a year for it to be published i was extatic when it was finally released.  In the beginning we immediatly discover who abducted Lyra although we do not find out why untill later.  The Amber Spyglass is filled with actual feeling and i found myself crying at the end of the story (no i am not going to say why).  In the book after rescuing Lyra, she and Will venture to the land of the dead and that is a journey filled with action.  after this the duo cut a window into the land where Dr. Mary Malone is doing research and discovering things she'd never dreamed possible.  while there Lyra and Will go through emotional turmoil like never before finding and losing something more precious then either thought was possible...love.  the book is perfect and deserves many more than five stars!  &lt;3
B00004ZAV3|5.0|History at it's greatest!<br />I'm in my mid 20's, and I wish that I was around to see the Beatles influence the world. It seems that I'll have to veiw their impact from history's perspective. That is what this CD does. It is by no means comprehensive, but shows the &quot;number one's&quot;, and how pop culture viewed the Beatles. From track One to Twenty Seven, one is able to see not only the influence, but the maturity and growth of the band. It begins with the pop simplicities of a band trying to make it big and ends with four artists vying for time on the same canvas. Even if you own all the Beatles' individual albums or CD's (like I do), this is definitely a comprehensive collection that is a must in any casual or serious fan's collection.
B000002UAO|5.0|There've been miracles in rock history. But it doesn't happen too often. A super talented musician at his creative climax finds others of the same gathers together to  make best music. British examples are Beatles, Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix Experience, Led Zeppelin, Small Faces, Yes, the Clash, Queen. But  among hundreds of album made by those ledendary  genius musicians, only few were to be called miracle. I don't know about all the factors that made them  different from others, but Rubber Soul is definately  the best album the group made in their 7 year long unity. John, Paul, George contributed songs, and each one of the song was the writer's best work. (BTW, George's first original tune in Beatles' album  was &quot;Don't bother me&quot; in the 2nd album) Brian Wilson  of the Beach Boys said that this album was the  initial motivation that had driven him to hide  him in the studio to make incredible &quot;pet sounds&quot;  and following &quot;experimental&quot; albums. It was way too influential/revolutional for the age (1965). <br />Rubber Soul was the last album that the Beatles  released during the time they were still active  on the stages. But songs like Michelle, You won't see me, In My Life couldn't be played in live situation and they were the indication that  they were moving onto &quot;recording artist&quot; that  can create more sophisicated materials.  From next album &quot;revolver&quot;, the beatles never toured, staying in studios editing, stiching, mixing pieces of ideas that were put down on  the papers and tapes. <br />&quot;Drive My Car&quot; is Paul's song. Motown music had always been major influence in Paul's music.  Guitar Riffs in intro shows how the answer from  California was reflected in Beatles' music.<br />&quot;Norwagian Wood&quot; contains of guitar ansamble between  John on acoustic guitar and George on Sitar. This  was the first time Sitar was used in popular music. Next month, Kinks recorded &quot;See my friend&quot; in LA.<br/>&quot;You Won't See me&quot; is probably one of the best  songs written by Paul. <br />&quot;Nowhere Man&quot; had really beautiful chorus done  by 3 front men. Minor IV is used effectively. As far as I know, this is the first Non love song that the Beatles had ever produced.<br />&quot;Think for Youself&quot;. Fuzzy bass outlines the song in an mean mood. Good different tune by George.<br />&quot;The Words&quot; - nothing particular to note.<br />&quot;Michelle&quot; - great guiatar works by George and John. Song is well written of course, but instrumental arrangement was also at thier best. Paul's base is killer.<br />&quot;What goes on?&quot;- what goes on, Ringo? Shut up. Funny song by 4th wheel.<br />&quot;Girl&quot; - beautiful tune sung by John desparately.<br />&quot;In my Life&quot;- John admits that this is one of the best songs he wrote. Bullock taste hapsicord solo is impressive.<br />&quot;If I needed someone&quot; - George's song. Obvious Byrds' influence in guitar works. Byrds' psychedelic &quot;mixodorian&quot; guitar  phrases are all over this album, and  in the next album, it gets even more  obvious especially in John's composition.
0790729644|5.0|Overall Unforgiven takes a back seat to the Lorne Spaghetti westerns - The Good, The Bad, &amp; The Ugly and Once Upon A Time In the West - but it does something that those didn't.  It brings in consequence.  The &quot;Kid&quot; realizing that there are consequences to taking a person's life.  So many movies today present violence with a &quot;fire &amp; forget&quot; attitude.  It's shocking to see it so raw and to see the characters reacting to the violence: Freeman's character not being able to finish someone off and the &quot;kid&quot; deciding that he was finished with guns.  Eastwood's performance, particularly the last sequence, is startling.  It contrasts with his actions in most the movie.  We only hear that he was once a ruthless killer.  This makes it all the more potient.  Yes, he could kill anybody that got in his way.  His cold stare at Hackman just before he pulls the trigger will never leave my mind.  Now...as for the DVD presentation.  The sound is perfect.  Rain, horses, jingling spirs, gunshots, wind thru the grass, it's all there.  As for the picture it's a mixed bag.  The color occationally doesn't seem right.  People's faces are unnaturally pinkish and even purple.  At times there seems to be a double image or outline.  I was unable to watch it in the dark (perferred) because many scenes have areas that come off too bright and hurt my eyes.  Finally, the extras.  Or lack thereof.  Movie is a 4.5.  The DVD is a 3.5.  For those who said this movie isn't violent enough, I suggest you visit the Sylvester Stallone or Arnold Swartznegger section of your video store.
6305718954|4.0|This movie is well shot. Plenty of foreshadowing helps make this a very enjoyable film to watch. Stigmata is a supernatural suspense story about good, evil, and faith. Frankie Paige played by Patricia Arquette is a hair stylist who has no strong religious convictions until odd things start happening to her after she's given a rosary by her mother: she begins speaking with another person's voice; unknown and unseen forces start to attack her; and she develops stigmata. Some people believe that a holy miracle has been visited on Frankie, though no one can say why. A Cardinal from the Vatican played by Jonathan Pryce sends a priest, Father Andrew Kiernan enjoyably portrayed by Gabriel Byrne, to investigate Frankie and her condition; after getting a first-hand look, Father Andrew finds himself less concerned with whether Frankie's wounds are a legitimate miracle and more concerned with saving her life.
6303824382|5.0|In the fall of 1996 I was sitting home reading a book when i recieved news the Die Hard WITH A VENGEANCE made a box office hit. I'm a Die Hard fan. Die Hard 3 is great because after the absence of 2 John Mcteirren reunites with Bruce Willis and Pulp Fiction's Samuel L. Jackson to make a action packed hit. Jeremy Irons is good as a villian. Director John Mcteiren Cast: Bruce Willis,Samuel L.Jackson,Jeremy Irons.
B00004RFFI|4.0|I watched this movie to see Helen Hunt. And she plays her part well. But the star of this movie is the Twister and the effects it has on it surroundings. The special effects are great. I have heard some people say that the plot is not great....There is a love story, a healing of a pscological trauma and the story of what it is like to be a storm chaser.....So I think there is a plot with sub-plots involved. But when all is said and done, the twister steals the show.
0783225210|3.0|I like 1941. John Belushi I great as Wild Bill Keisto. Robert Stack is good as the colonel. Speilberg made his first flop. Dan Aykroyd and John Candy are outstanding.<br />                          A                    Steven Speilberg                          Film                                        John Belushi Dan Aykroyd John Candy Treat Williams              Robert Stack and Christopher Lee.
B0000507R0|5.0|In their true spirit of being innovative ELP has done in again. On their debut album titled Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer (1970) the song &quot;Lucky Man&quot; was truly the first hit song to utilize the Moog synthesizer. Then in 1977 they were one of the first Rock bands to tour with a complete orchestra and performing in Quad. On the first release of CD's to America, there they were again, the first to the digital domain. Now the first to DVD-Audio and what a great piece for this new format. I cannot believe after listening to &quot;Brain Salad Surgery&quot; so many times and for so many years how many sounds I had missed. This new format is great and ELP's music is a perfect way to experience it. Way to go guys and I look forward to the rest of it soon!
6304025831|4.0|I think This eight and final collaberation of DeNiro and Scorsese is great. Sam &quot;Ace&quot; Mckenna(Robert DeNiro) is the smartest gambler in Vegas. He owns and is the Casino manager of the Tangiers Casino in Las Vegas. Back home mobster friend Nicky Santoro(Joe Pesci) comes to Vegas for the sceme and to protect Ace. Stabing people with a pen and putting a mans head in a vise throws viewers off. Then Oscar nominated Sharon Stone delivers a stunning performance as Ginger Mckenna. Rickles is good. Woods is a slob.  Director: Martin Scorsese Cast:Robert DeNiro,Sharon Stone,Joe Pesci,and James Woods
B000009QPE|5.0|This is what I think is the greatest metal album of all time.  Raining blood, angel of death, and aggressive perfector are the greatest songs i have ever heard.  It is the perfect combination of trash guitar, crazy druming, and i love toms voise.  The dual guitar solos sound pure evil, but if you read the lyrics they are not as saytanic as they seem.  This is my favorate album of all time an raining blood is by all means the greatest song ever recorded. There is no such thing as a bad song on this cd.  This is their best cd, second to south of heaven.
0767830520|5.0|&quot;Taxi Driver&quot; is a must see movie for Robert De Niro fans. Flawless Direction and a superb support cast including Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle and Cybil Shepherd. The origin of the line &quot;Are you lookin' at me?&quot; and much more. I recomend this to anyone who doesn't have too weak a stomach. 5 stars.
B00002Z88D|5.0|For all of you that feel that metallica didnt produce a great album, you are not die-hard metallica fans.  I like all of their old and new music.  This album is great and gives a new twist to metallica.  The idea of a rock orchestra may not be new, however it was new to metallica and it succeeded.  I dont have to go into anymore detail about this cd because all die-hard metallica fans will understand or already have the cd anyways.  It is a must buy.
B000002H33|5.0|Just how good is &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;? You could take all of the Metal bands, from hair bands to thrash to Nu-Metal, put them together, and they still wouldn't equal the excellance of this album. These eight songs, all of which clock in at 5-8 minutes, possess a power and beauty that no other band, even the almighty Metallica themselves, will ever hope to match. Like its predecessor, &quot;Ride The Lighting,&quot; &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; has a concept to it: exploring the abuses of power. The opener, &quot;Battery,&quot; perfectly sets the tone of the album, both lyrically and musically. The song starts off with a hauntingly beautiful melody on flamenco guitar, the melody is then carried over by an electric guitar, then the melody disappears and out comes the monster. It's like a beast that lures you in with sympathy and then breaks loose from its cage only to attack unmercifully. Lyrically, the song is potent and vicious; it's exactly as the title says, about battery. The title track has been called the best Metal song ever by many. It clocks in at over eight minutes and never ceases to amaze. Dealing with substance abuse, the song is less of a song and more of journey. From James' shouts of &quot;Master!,&quot; to the skull-crunching rhythm section, to the absolutely beautiful break in the middle of the song, &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; is definitely epic Metal at its finest. The slowest song here, &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium),&quot; is one of the most haunting songs music has to offer. The haunting melody that runs through the song is amazing, but it's James' lyrics that really haunt the listener. There is no real way to describe it, the songs is just a masterpiece. &quot;Orion&quot; is, in my opinion, the greatest Metal instrumental there is (yes, I believe it's better than &quot;Call Of Ktulu&quot;). &quot;Orion&quot; lasts over eight minutes, and that's why it's so impressive, not one second is boring. Each second has you hanging on to thenext, and it's like watching something evolve. Before there was &quot;One,&quot; there was &quot;Disposable Heroes.&quot; While nowhere near the level of beauty that &quot;One&quot; is, &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; still manages to impress (and pummel) with anti-war lyrics and brutal music. &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; is, while not as fast as &quot;Battery,&quot; a sludging, buzzsaw, Metal masterpiece. James' has always sang about the reality of religion, and this is one of his best. &quot;Marvel at His tricks, need your Sunday fix, blind devotion came, rotting your brain.&quot; I just want to shake James' hand for telling it like it is. The only time the abuses of power theme goes off track is with &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be.&quot; It's not that the lyrics are all that different, they're just not about the same theme as the others are. Nevertheless, the song is a very strong and flawless track, not unlike &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; in its heaviness. Metallica saves the most brutal track for last. &quot;Damage, Inc.&quot; is an absolute monster. The intro to the song is simple, yet completely spellbinding. Then buzzsaw guitars give in and the song lives up to its name. &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; has got to be the greatest Metal album ever. Lars' drumming is the equivalent of machinegun fire in both power and speed, James' lyrics are bitter and intelligent (not to mention his guitar playing, the guy plays so fast your brain can't even keep up), Kirk's soloing is frenzied (to say the least), and Cliff shows us why he is easily the greatest Metal bassist there is (sadly, this would Cliff's last album, as he died in a tragic bus accident. RIP Cliff.). Not one second of &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; is boring, all of it is enthralling with beauty, intelligence, and sheer power. Every single riff, drum beat, solo, bass note, and lyric mesmerize and draw the listener in time after time after time. If you have any interest in Metal whatsoever, you owe it to yourself to buy the genre's best album.  Consider yourself cheated if you don't own &quot;Master Of Puppets.&quot; &quot;Korn&quot;? &quot;Paranoid&quot;? &quot;Back In Black&quot;? Nah. They all fail when compared to this. This isn't just the greatest Metal album ever, this is one of the finest pieces of art I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Just perfect.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Why a Beatles CD now?  As an original fan, I have all of the songs in vinyl and don't really want to get each and every album on CD.  This is a great opportunity to showcase there best &quot;hits&quot; in one CD (all of there songs are great so &quot;hits&quot; is a bit of an understatement).  Makes great listening--for me and anyone young and old.  The timing is right for this--a great CD for all.
0805062971|4.0|Other reviewers claim &quot;the book is better&quot; or &quot;the movie is better&quot;.  I'm here to say you shouldn't compare the two works of art.  The movie ISN'T trying to be the book or vis versa.  The film is BASED on the book, but offers its own artistic insights and story telling techniques.  No movie will contain the same amount of information as the novel it's based on because no viewer would stand watching an 8 hour film.  Film is unique, and shouldn't be judged by the book it's based on.  The story is somewhat the same, but the two arts tell it in an entirely different way.
0804106304|5.0|This is a purely enticing book and not by any means overated!  It has a very simple subject; the relationships between Chinese women and their American born daughters.  The story goes into much depth as it illustrates the modern domestic lives of Americans and the old traditions of China more than a generation ago.  Every character is important and well developed with every emotion, thought, and quality.  Words can't describe the many ways the passions touch the reader, both sad, happy, and angry ones.  All of the many conflicts and histories that surround that characters touch the reader so much that you read on and on, wondering what could take place next.  I also really adored the whole narrating style of the book.  Each character's story is so vivid and precise, and every story is choronicled so well.  Every event will either bring tears or warm up your heart.  There are also the important lessons that relate both to the old ways and the new ways.  Oh, there are so many elements in this book that touch the heart of the reader, but perhaps what affects the reader the most is the way that these mothers and daughters, though once conflicting and rivalous, come to understand one another when they hear the stories they never listned to before.  Their stories contain both bright and dark moments, that not only allow the characters to see one another, but also allow the reader to have compassion for all.  It is very rare that one will ever find a book so perfect in story, characters, tone, setting, and every other characteristic in a book.  This is a book that you don't want to miss out on.  The only reason I have limited how well I can describe this book is because you have to read it yourself to know all of the many great elements.  THIS IS A PURE MUST!  I can assure you that this book in not in anyway overated.
0399146253|3.0|The tenth Kay Scarpetta novel by Patricia Cornwell was entitled Black Notice.  The eleventh, The Last Precinct picks up in the daylight following the night of terror that ended Black Notice.  As with all of the Scarpetta novels, Cornwell presents a well-told story, filled with suspense and surprises.  This reader's primary criticism of the second half of the Scarpetta saga has been two-fold.  First, Cornwell has tended to the soap opera, with Kay's unfortunate love affairs, colleague Pete Marino's bitterness, and niece Lucy's lesbianism and career problems sometimes seeming to be more important than the story line.  Second, Cornwell has by choice or inability tended to make each novel depend heavily on its predecessor.  Unless the reader has a very good memory or has read the earlier novel(s) recently, there is a lot in each subsequent book that is unexplained.  The result is more of a serial-multiple episodes in one continuing story-than a series of independent stories about the same character.  The Last Precinct is actually the second half of the  Black Notice story.  It is almost like the old TV series &quot;Arrest and Trial&quot; or its modern counterpart &quot;Law and Order.&quot;  In the first half the police investigate and make the arrest; and the second half is the trial.  In the &quot;Law and Order&quot; model, there is just not as much action in the trial phase compared to the investigation phase.  This is the case in The Last Precinct.  Cornwell does attempt to rectify this, and there is an ongoing investigation with some real surprises.  There is also a lot of retrospection by Kay about the past, which helps fill in gaps the current story leaves about significant events in earlier ones.  The novel does leave the reader with some unanswered questions.  Is Cornwell about to remove Kay Scarpetta from being Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonweath of Virginia? Is a change of venue from Richmond to New York coming soon?  The ending of The Last Precinct hasdefinitely set up the possibility for a part three of this story (or is it part twelve?) in New York.  Will that be a one-time shot, or the start of a new direction for the series?  If Kay moves to New York, what will happen to Pete Marino?  Tune in next year.
0684869713|5.0|The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand is masterfull.  I loved the way all the charachters were realistic.  This book is one of the best ones I have ever read.  I hope everyone else who reads it gets as much from it as I did.
6300214435|5.0|Actually set a few years before Raiders , this movie should  actually be veiwed first because it's truly Indy's first outing winner of an Academy Award for best specal effects , this is a  much more darker and voilent Indiana Jones.Harrison Ford dawns his pendelton and reprises his role as Indiana Jones , Jones  finds himself in a nightclub in Shanghi to recover a diamond but his plan backfires when poison is induced in his drink he soon finds himself scurrying around to find the antidote in the nightclub , Jones meets a beautiful blond vixen named Willy who screams through half the movie but it is funny with the help of Short Round (Ke Huy Quan) they escape in a chase through the  streets of Shanghi, together all three of them will embark on  an adventure that will take them to the Himalayas in search for  3 mysterious stones but soon there quest will become horror as they find the Temple Of Doom where children lie enslaved and a High Preist played by (Amrish Puri) performs voodoo rituals  and an incredible mine car race that has become infamous in the ranks of Hollywood in this even more succesful prequal.<br />    Not as impressive and awe striking as Raiders but it does manage to pull rabbits out of it's hat and top Raiders in some scenes such as the massive Temple Of Doom set and the specal  effects that catch your eye every time Kate Capshaw is great  as Willie who gives Indie a run for his money and Ke Huy Quan provides the humor for Short Round , this movie also gave birth to PG - 13 for it's intense and shocking scenes hang on and  get ready it would be 5 more years until The Last Crusade. Enjoy this thrill ride.
1558807381|4.0|This film truly is magnificent; however, if you're not a total science fiction/fantasy freak (as I just happen to be) this film may come across a bit lame.  Not to discredit the movie in any way; it is one of the earliest fantasy films I'd seen, and I was hooked.   Tom Cruise is great.
B00000634J|5.0|This is the best of the best of John Lennon, the only thing that would make it better is to include &quot;We all shine on&quot;, is the only song missing.<br />  Thank God for give us John Lennon's music.
B00000K19E|5.0|(What is the Matrix).  In 1977, George Lucas changed the landscape of cinematic Science Fiction forever with \\"Star Wars,\\" taking the genre light years ahead of all that preceded it.  Such a momentous advancement would not be seen again for over twenty years, when, in 1999, the Wachowski Brothers raised the bar again, taking the genre at warp speed  to an unprecedented level with their astoundingly innovative film, \\"The Matrix.\\"  Co-directed, written and produced by Larry and Andy Wachowski, it is an allegory of salvation and redemption filled with symbolism and metaphor (the Biblical references alone should keep theology students debating this one for years to come); a thinking man's action film, accentuated with moments that are no less than profound.  In a world of the future, things are literally not what they seem, where it's Man versus Machine, Reality versus Fantasy, and few who know the truth; among those who do, is Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne), who has long awaited the arrival of \\"The One,\\" who it has been prophesied will be the salvation of the world.  Enter Neo (Keanu Reeves), a computer programmer with an innate sense of discrepancy as to the state of things around him; he has questions, most of which are still in the process of being formulated in his own mind.  (What is the Matrix).  Morpheus has answers.  And when they meet, it's Alice down the rabbit hole, and Neo's life is changed forever.  Reeves is perfectly cast as Neo, the enigmatic young man who may or may not be \\"The One,\\" and it's one of the best roles of his career.  He conveys a sense of removed, distracted urgency that defines his character, infusing him with both a strength and vulnerability that coalesces as the story progresses into determination and confidence.  The underplayed, subtle character development (largely unacknowledged and under appreciated) is a nice piece of work by Reeves.  As Morpheus, Fishburne is dynamic; he endows him with a quiet intensity that fairly roils beneaththe surface, effectively restrained while leaving no doubt as to the character's power and purpose.  You understand his resolution completely by his countenance alone; by the way he speaks and carries himself.  It's a memorable performance by one of the truly gifted actors of our times.  (What is the Matrix).  Other notable performances include those by Hugo Weaving (Agent Smith), who brings a formidable, white-collar sinisterness to his character that is chilling; Carrie-Anne Moss (Trinity), a strong, vital presence throughout the film; and Joe Pantoliano (Cypher), who is entirely convincing in his role of a Cyber-age Judas.  Rounding out the terrific supporting cast are Gloria Foster (Oracle), Marcus Chong (Tank), Julian Arahanga (Apoc), Matt Doran (Mouse), Belinda McClory (Switch) and Ray Anthony Parker (Dozer).  A visually stunning, thought provoking, captivating film, \\"The matrix\\" is a triumph of movie-making that assures the Wachowski's a permanent place in cinematic history.  The special effects are cutting-edge, state-of-the-art; the choreography of the action sequences is top rate and delivered with a style and effectiveness worthy of comparison to John Woo's best; and, most importantly, the story itself is complex, intelligent, and deftly takes you into regions beyond the known.  This is Science Fiction at it's best, but beyond that, it's a great movie that transcends genre or category; a landmark film that must be experienced more than once, for new meaning is gleaned with every viewing.  Enhanced by a driving soundtrack that completes the package, highlighted by incredible action,outstanding performances and memorable scenes to numerous to mention, this is a movie that absolutely must not be missed.  (What is the...).
B00000JJQK|5.0|Every music fan that likes good music must have &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; is great, but defenetly &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; is the most fantastic album created ever.
0767849493|2.0|This movie is sort of a cross of &quot;Rambo&quot; and &quot;Oh God!&quot; Or something. The barbed commentary about organized religion was occasionally funny and occasionally thought-provoking. Unfortunately, neither happened with enough regularity to salvage this flick. The macchine-gun-blasting, head-exploding gratitious violence was repulsive, excessive, and largely irrelevant. I suppose teen-age types will find the abundant use of the F-word funny, but anybody over the age of 21 will probably find it stupid. There were scenes that seemed totally irrelevant to the plot, sometimes the dialog could not be understood, and in general the production and direction left a lot to be desired.<br />George Carlin was good, as always, but that was the only true standout in the film.<br />I give it 2 stars, for what it could have been but wasn't.
6305807086|2.0|I thought this was going to be good, but I was wrong. I like John Cusack and I like the whole idea, so I really had high hopes. It really wasn't that bad, for the first half anyway. While it dealt with the implications of getting in someone's head and Cusack's character's growing dependence on it, it was funny and interesting. Unfortunately it turns into a sappy, feminist struggle for true love. Hey, I know the lesbian implications in it, and I appriciate them as much as anyone, but not in this movie. It's kind of like &quot;Chasing Amy,&quot; good for the forst half, but the ending is so rediculous, it's just sad. It's just a disappointment, don't bother.
B000001E8S|5.0|Technically, this album is a side project, but it really is a U2 album, I mean the music and lyrics sound like U2, and all of the songs are U2 songs.  It's a great album.  My personal favorite is &quot;Miss Sarajevo&quot;.  Other great songs on this album are &quot;Elvis Ate America&quot;, &quot;Theme From The Swan&quot;, and &quot;Theme From Let's Go Native&quot;.  This is a great album, but you should only get it if you're a die hard U2 fan.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I've listened to many types of music, my favorite still happens to be Techno/elektronica, but stumbled upon this because of the deep forest green cover which reminded me alot of the band 'Deep Forest'. This music literally takes you to the deep green of the forest trees, if that makes any sense. While listening to this music your suddenly transported to the real planet Earth and the deep green crystals found within. If you like Cusco, Sacred Spirit (Yeha Noha) and Enya, your sure to like this.
B000001F3C|5.0|This is U2's breakthrough album.  It perfected the kind of music they had been making since they started.  There really isn't any song on this album that I don't think is good, if not great.  My favorites are &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, the ultimate anti-war anthem, &quot;New Year's Day&quot;, Surrender&quot;, &quot;Like A Song&quot;, &quot;The Refugee&quot;, &quot;Drowning Man&quot;, &quot;Two Hearts Beat as One&quot;, &quot;Seconds&quot;, and &quot;&quot;40&quot;&quot;, the quiet closer that the band would use to close their concerts for the rest of the decade.  This is the first of U2's many masterpieces.
B0000524E5|5.0|Coyote Ugly is one of the best movies i've seen so far. When i walked out of the theatre after watching Coyote Ugly, i was like &quot;WOW! That was a really good movie&quot;. The actors are fantastic, cinematography was good, on top of that, the SOUNDTRACK is really really cool. I immediately went to the stores to get the soundtrack to the movie. Some people think that this movies has a lot of &quot;sexual&quot; content, but i think it's nothing more than just a few pretty ladies in nice looking outfits having the time of their lives. This movies is a MUST-WATCH and certainly worth the money to get it. Trust me, it's really fantastic.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album was a flop, but I don't think it was because of the music, I think it was because of lack of interest.  Since &quot;Zooropa&quot;, a musical revolution had taken place, and teen-pop and rap were now the in things.  &quot;Pop&quot; is U2's most electric, most danceable album, and it's very techno.  It starts with &quot;Discotheque&quot;, a danceable song that's about dancing.  This is one of my favorite songs on the album.  It's catchy, and it's rock, though at times it sounds a bit rappy.  &quot;Do you feel loved&quot; has one of the best and most catchy melodies on the album, and at times, you can hear the U2 of old in this song.  &quot;Mofo&quot; is rock song but it sounds very rappy.  It's intro made it the ideal opener for the POPMart tour.  It's a very personal song about Bono's mother.  &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot; is probably the second best ballad on the album, and it sounds very much like the U2 of old, only much more electric.  &quot;Staring At The Sun&quot; is a gem.  I think it's the best song on the album, and like &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot;, it sounds very much like the U2 of old.  In contrast, &quot;Last Night On Earth&quot; doesn't, but it's still great.  It's a fast-paced, loud, very catchy hard rocker, with a skat-singing intro.  &quot;Gone&quot; is a kind of mellow, starts slow but gets much faster, rock song, and it's great.  &quot;Miami&quot; is the most rappy rock song on the album, and I think it's the worst song on the album.  &quot;The Playboy Mansion&quot; is a very mellow, but great ballad about U2's take on being famous.  &quot;If You Wear That Velvet Dress&quot; is a trademark U2 love song.  It's slow, and it takes some listening, but it grows on you, and it's really quite beautiful.  &quot;Please&quot; was one of &quot;Pop's&quot; biggest hits, another starts slow but gets much faster song, and I think it's one of the best songs on &quot;Pop&quot;, as well as one of U2's best songs from the 90's.  Thecloser, &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot;, is actually one of my favorite songs on the album because of The Edge's short but powerful guitaring in the chorus.  &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot; continues the U2 tradition of soft ballad album closers.  Although a lot of the music on this album sounds like a completely different band from the one that produced &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, it still has some great music on it, and it's definitely worth buying.  &quot;Pop&quot; ended the third era of U2.
0783225792|5.0|This movie will take your breath away. The acting, cinematography and the editing is superb. Both pesci and De niro really steal the show. I believe that the violence is an important part of any good mafia movie, however i do think Scorsese went a little overboard especially with the baseball bat scene (which put quite frankly was horrific!)<br />Nonetheless this should not detract from the movie which is a must view for anyone who loves mafia flicks
B000001E18|5.0|This album wasn't really meant to be an album.  During a break in the ZOOTV tour, U2 went into the studio to record a couple of new b-sides.  At first it was only something like 4 songs, but then it escalated to 6,8,10 songs, and before they new it, they had a whole new album on their hands.  Essentially, &quot;Zooropa&quot; is a continuation of &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;.  They go together, and there can't be one without the other.  The album as a whole is one of the most relaxed albums U2 has made.  It opens with the title song, &quot;Zooropa&quot;, which has a newscast collage for an intro, and turns out to be a great song about optimism.  &quot;Babyface&quot; is one of my favorite songs on the album.  It sounds kind of R&amp;Bish, but the chorus is made of the rock that U2 is known for.  &quot;Numb&quot; is the third and most recent song in U2 history in which The Edge sings the lead vocals.  It sounds kind of rappy, but the lyrics are though-provoking, and Bono's falsetto in the chorus is very catchy, and makes this one of the hits on &quot;Zooropa&quot;.  &quot;Lemon&quot; is a very artsy song that is in fact about art.  Bono sings almost the entire song in falsetto.  It's a long song, but Bono's falsettos are very catchy, and overall Lemon is one of the best songs on the album and was one of the biggest hits on it.  &quot;Stay(Faraway, So Close)&quot; is a semi-hit that is great live.  It's absolutley the best ballad on the album.  &quot;Daddy's Going To Pay For Your Crashed Car&quot; is a rappy song, but as usual, U2 manages to make it catchy enough that U2 fans can call it a great song.  &quot;Some Days Are Better Than Others&quot; is another song about optimism, and it's very catchy and very good, but there are better songs on the album.  &quot;First Time&quot; is another great ballad, although it's pretty short.  It's a beautiful little tune that's obviously about first loves.  &quot;Dirty Day: is my favorite song on the album, because the chorus has some extremely catchy loopy guitaring  from The Edge, and U2 only plays the chorus two times, and when the song is fading away, you want more.  The closer, &quot;The Wanderer&quot;,  is by far the worst closer on any U2 album, but it's still really good.  Johnny Cash sings guest lead vocals, while U2 provides the music. I like this song, but it's without a doubt the worst song on the album.  &quot;Zooropa&quot; is a good, very relaxing album, but it's very incomplete if you don't own &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, so you probably shouldn't buy &quot;Zooropa&quot; if you don't own &quot;&quot;Achtung Baby&quot;.
0671042858|4.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon was a very good book.  I am not the type of person who likes to read a lot, and I could not put it down the entire time.  The book was about a young girl, named Trisha, who lived with her brother and mother and rarely saw her father, because her parents were seperated.  Her mother wanted to try to keep the family together, so she planned a camping trip with her kids.  The brother and mother fought the entire time, and so Trisha could not stand it anymore and decided to take a walk in the forest, just to get away from things.  She ended up walking to far into the woods and could not figure out how to get back to her family.  You should read the book to find out how she survives, or if she even does.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants some &quot;easy&quot;, yet enjoyable reading, that won't let you put the book down.
B000001FRY|5.0|This is the album that started it all for U2, and it's a great album.  It contains their first hit, &quot;I Will Follow&quot;, but it also contains other great songs.  My favorites are &quot;Another Time, Another Place&quot;, &quot;The Electric Co.&quot;(which is a great live song as well),  &quot;Out Of Control&quot;, &quot;Stories For Boys&quot;, &quot;Shadows And Tall Trees&quot;, &quot;An Cat Dubh&quot;, &quot;Into The Heart&quot;, &quot;Twilight&quot;, and &quot;A Day Without Me&quot;.  This album shows an younger, more immature U2, and well the lyrics and music aren't as deep as they would later become, this album began the first era of U2, and it introduced the world to four Irish boys who were, and still are, in the greatest band since the Beatles, U2!
B000001FA4|5.0|The Unforgettable Fire was an album of change for U2.  They no longer made the kind of hard rock music they made on their first three albums&quot;, Boy&quot;, &quot;October&quot;, and &quot;War&quot;,  and their first live album, &quot;Under A Blood Red Sky&quot;, but instead they made a softer, more sophisticated, more satisfying kind of music.  The biggest reason for that was, of course, that U2 were maturing and wanted to play more mature music, but another big reason for it was that they let go of producer Steve Lillywhite and brought on producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois, who are still with U2 to this day.  The most popular song on this album is &quot;Pride(In The Name Of Love)&quot;, and it's also one of the most radio-played U2 songs ever.  Other great songs on this album are the title track, &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot;, &quot;A Sort Of Homecoming&quot;, which was the second of two great live performances from U2 at Live Aid in 1986, &quot;Wire&quot;, &quot;Indian Summer Sky&quot;, &quot;Elvis Presley And America&quot;, &quot;Promenade&quot;, the closer, &quot;MLK&quot;, and then &quot;Bad&quot;, the first of the two U2 performances at Live Aid in 1986.  It's one of the best single live performances I've ever heard, and it's of a song that's already great to begin with, even if it is a drug song.  This album, along with that performance, put U2 into the mainstream.  This album is another of U2's many masterpieces.
B000001FTQ|5.0|This is U2's second live album.  It's their two performances at Live Aid in 1986, and two b-sides.  The live performance of &quot;A Sort Of Homecoming&quot; is great, but, there's no denying that U2 released this four-track live album for one purpose, to give their fans an album with their historic performance of &quot;Bad&quot; on it.  That performance lasted eight minutes, pretty long for a rock song, and there was absolutely, positively, good reason for it.  There was so much emotion in the whole performance, Bono's always heartfelt singing, the rhythm section made up of Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen Jr.,  and The Edge's superb guitaring, with solos that went on for what seemed like minutes.  This unbelievable live performance really proved that U2 was the best live band around.
B000001F3C|5.0|This is U2's breakthrough album.  It perfected the kind of music they had been making since they started.  There really isn't any song on this album that I don't think is good, if not great.  My favorites are &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, the ultimate anti-war anthem, &quot;New Year's Day&quot;, Surrender&quot;, &quot;Like A Song&quot;, &quot;The Refugee&quot;, &quot;Drowning Man&quot;, &quot;Two Hearts Beat as One&quot;, &quot;Seconds&quot;, and &quot;&quot;40&quot;&quot;, the quiet closer that the band would use to close their concerts for the rest of the decade.  This is the first of U2's many masterpieces.
B000001DTM|5.0|This album bares much resemblance to The Beatles' &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot;.  I don't mean that the music sounds the same, I mean that both of these albums are concept albums, where the band has to have a kind of &quot;rebirth&quot; and make different music than they've ever made before.  &quot;Sergeant&quot; changed The Beatles forever, and &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; changed U2 forever.  Instead of the down-to-earth optimism of their earlier albums, this album was much more electric and more danceable.  That's not bad, that's good, because this is a great album.  It's electric right from the start.  It opens with The Edge's loud electric guitar at the beginning of  &quot;Zoo Station&quot;, a song in which the lyrics are muffled, but they're a metaphor for U2's transformation.  The second track, &quot;Even Better Than The Real Thing&quot;, was one of the album's biggest hits, and it shows just how much U2 had changed.  There were some &quot;semi-hits&quot; on this album, &quot;The Fly&quot; and &quot;Until The End Of The World&quot;.  One of my favorite songs on this album is the mega-hit &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;.  I also think that &quot;Who's Going To Ride Your Wild Horses&quot; and &quot;So Cruel&quot; are two hidden gems on this album.  The last four songs on this album, &quot;Trying To Throw Your Arms Around The World&quot;, &quot;Ultraviolet(Light My Way)&quot;, &quot;Acrobat&quot;, and the closer &quot;Love Is Blindness&quot; are slower and deeper than the rest of the album, with the exception of one song, which I'll get to later.  I think that &quot;Trying To Throw Your Arms Around The World&quot; is another hidden gem on this album.  I think &quot;Ultraviolet(Light My Way)&quot; and &quot;Acrobat&quot; are both very catchy, especially &quot;Ultraviolet(Light My Way)&quot;.  &quot;Love Is Blindness&quot; continues the U2 tradition of ending the album with a soft repeatable ballad.  Okay, so far I've talked about 11 out of 12 songs on this album.  I haven't talked about track 3.  Whenever anybody who knows &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; thinks of &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, one word comes to mind: &quot;One&quot;.  &quot;One&quot; is an unbelievably beautiful ballad, that actually saved the band.  When recording &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, U2 were getting nowhere with new music and were on the verge of breaking up when Bono came up with &quot;One&quot;.  &quot;One&quot; is absolutely one of the top ten U2 songs of all time, and is absolutely one of the top 20 best songs period of all time.  It is worth buying the album just for &quot;One&quot;.  &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; is the fourth of U2's many masterpieces.  &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; opened up a new era and a new generation of U2, and it opened up the greatness of U2 to an entire new generation of fans.
B000001F5F|5.0|This is U2's first live album, and it's great.  It takes six of their most popular songs from their first three albums, &quot;Boy&quot;, &quot;October&quot;, and &quot;War&quot;, adds two b-sides, and makes a superb live performance out of them.  My favorite on this live album is &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, because it's a great performance and at the beginning of it, Bono makes a strong declaration, &quot;There's been a lot of talk about this next song, maybe, maybe too much, this song is not a rebel song, this song is sunday bloody Sunday.&quot;  This album was a great way for U2 to close it's first era, but it also stands alone as one of the best live albums ever!
B000001FS6|5.0|This is U2's third live album, but it's actually a mix of live performances and studio recordings, with more studio recordings.  It accompanies a movie by the same name, both of which document The Joshua Tree tour, and both in which U2 are wrongly accused by critics as being presumptuous to put themselves in the rock pantheon with Bob Dylan, The Beatles, B.B. King, and Elvis.   My favorite live performances on it are &quot;Pride(In The Name Of Love)&quot;, &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot;, with the unforgettable Star Spangled Banner intro, and &quot;Silver And Gold&quot;.  My favorite studio tracks are &quot;Van Diemen's Land&quot;(one of only three songs in U2 history in which The Edge sings the lead vocals, &quot;Hawkmoon 269&quot;, &quot;Love Rescue Me&quot;, &quot;Heartland&quot;, &quot;God Part II&quot;, and of course the popular classics, &quot;Desire&quot;, &quot;Angel Of Harlem&quot;, &quot;When Love Comes To Town(a collaboration with B.B. King), and &quot;All I Want Is You(which I think contains some of the best guitaring in U2 history).  The album also has several great live cover songs, which are, &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;(The Beatles) and &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot;(Bob Dylan)&quot;.  This album did for U2's second era what &quot;Under A Blood Red Sky&quot; did for their first era, it showcases them live in that era.  But more importantly, it ended the first generation of U2.  That's why I think this is an important album in U2 history, because it contains the very last work that U2 did in the eighties, the tip end of 80's U2.
B00003CWTI|4.0|I had heard so many bad things about this movie that I when I borrowed the DVD from a friend, I had very low expectations.  I wanted to see it out of curiousity more than anything.  But this movie really surprised me.  Yes, it is a tad too long, but the strength of the story, the characters, the acting, and even the soundtrack more than make up for the length of the film.  Bottom line, it is one of the best films I have seen in a long time.  If you ever have a little time on a rainy day and want to see a truly unique film, go see Magnolia.
0312955006|5.0|This, the third book in Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch series, is without a doubt my favorite so far.  Having met and fell in love with Harry in Connelly's first book, The Black Echo, I am always thrilled to begin those first few pages -- it's like meeting up with an old friend you haven't seen for awhile.  This old friend is a Vietnam vet still traumatized by going through enemy tunnels while on duty as a tunnel rat in &quot;Nam&quot;.  Now he's an LAPD homicide detective so he's still being traumatized on a daily basis.<br />This thriller finds Harry not only on the streets solving crimes but also in the courtroom defending himself in a civil suit brought by the widow of a serial killer known as &quot;The Dollmaker&quot;.  She feels that her &quot;serial killer&quot; husband's civil rights were denied when Harry shot him to death without cause.  At the time, Harry thought the alleged perpetrator was reaching for a weapon -- it was later revealed that he was just reaching for his toupee.  This &quot;dollmaker&quot; nickname came about because the killer had a practice of putting makeup on his victims, making them look like painted up dolls.  Now, years later, this widow is painting Bosch out to be a vigilante with a dubious past of his own hiding behind an LAPD badge and shooting people without reason.  Bosch feels justified in killing the Dollmaker four years ago but, when a copy cat body shows up and associated letters resembling those that the Dollmaker used to send begin to appear, even Harry has his doubts.  The courtroom scenes are compelling and the new copycat investigation is more than routine.<br />If you're into the mystery/thriller genre and want to sink your teeth into a series with a great protagonist and even greater writing and storylines, try Connelly's series featuring Harry &quot;Hieronymus&quot; Bosch.  To find out what really makes Harry tick and to find out where he got the ridiculous name of Hieronymus, you should read the books in order starting with the first one, The Black Echo, continuing on to The Black Ice and then rewarding your efforts with this one, my personal favorite, The Concrete Blonde.ting with the first one, The Black Echo, continuing on to The Black Ice and then rewarding your efforts with this one, my personal favorite, The Concrete Blonde.
0140177396|5.0|Mysteries and horrors and love stories OH MY.  More often then not readers are over whelmed by the stories they read.  But not this one, Of Mice and Men is an easy reading book that one is going to have a very difficult time putting down.  I found myself reading five and six chapters in one sitting.  This book has a story that will touch everyone who reads it.    Of Mice and Men is a story about two migrant workers, friends, who are moving from farm to farm in search of work.  The adventures and dedication of these two men as they search of a better life, is the main focus of this book.  Of Mice and Men is filled with ups and downs, twists and turns that will keep one wondering how it is going to end.    This book is like no other.  I think everyone should be required to read this book.  I am certain that it will have a life changing affect.  It did me.  Of Mice and Men will make you appreciate your friends, what they do and mean to you.
158234082X|4.0|This book was a scream! Funny and alarming and extremely interesting!  It was brutally up front about life in the land of restaurants.  My brother is a chef, and his stories about his life always seemed interesting but exaggerated, now that I have read this book, I think my brother was underselling his stories.  If Anthony Bourdain adds a bit of detail to his stories I would be surprised! This book tells about the lives of people in the restaurant industry, and the stories ring so true to the lives of the people I have met in the &quot;business&quot;.  Hard working, hard partying, and completely consumed by their passion for food and the lifestyle that goes with it.  The section on how to cook like a professional was full of information on equipment needed and well presented.  If you want to know what really goes on in your favorite restaurant, or how people become a chef and why,  then read this book.  If you think you want to open a restaurant then read this book twice!!!
0140177396|5.0|Mysteries and horrors and love stories OH MY.  More often then not readers are over whelmed by the stories they read.  But not this one, Of Mice and Men is an easy reading book that one is going to have a very difficult time putting down.  I found myself reading five and six chapters in one sitting.  This book has a story that will touch everyone who reads it.    Of Mice and Men is a story about two migrant workers, friends, who are moving from farm to farm in search of work.  The adventures and dedication of these two men as they search of a better life, is the main focus of this book.  Of Mice and Men is filled with ups and downs, twists and turns that will keep one wondering how it is going to end.    This book is like no other.  I think everyone should be required to read this book.  I am certain that it will have a life changing affect.  It did me.  Of Mice and Men will make you appreciate your friends, what they do and mean to you.
0899669433|2.0|The King in Yellow has been put on an inexplicably high literary pedestal among the ranks of classic horror and fantasy fiction {Dedalus Press labels it 'one of the top 100 horror novels of all time}. How disappointing when I stopped reading the critics and actually read the book!<br />This is not a novel, but a collection of 10 loosely-associated stories allegedly connected by an imaginary tome called &quot;The King in Yellow.&quot; The first 5 stories follow the promised theme, with &quot;The Yellow Sign&quot; being the most effective. Also noteworthy are &quot;Court of the Dragon&quot; and &quot;Street of the Four Winds,&quot; which are quite haunting.<br />But the second half of the book is composed of stories that have NOTHING to do with the King in Yellow, nor even a vague reference. It unhappily degenerates into a rather pointless collection of silly romance tales. HALF the book, folks.<br />The worst is &quot;The Street of Our Lady of the Fields,&quot; 40+ pages of cloying drivel about a poofy young artist infatuated with a young French girl who contemplates suicide rather than admit she's a trollop. Lots of pontificating, eye-batting and swooning, complete with a sickening &quot;Oh John, oh Martha!&quot; type finale. Yech.<br />The closer, &quot;Rue Barree&quot; features the *same* spoiled artsy-fartsy Parisian painters, fopping and flitting and being oh-so clever. The twist here, though, is that another poofy artist becomes infatuated with a different trollop. He buys an entire cartload of flowers, then gets drunk and climbs into her balcony. Trollop gives him a flower. No kidding. <br />Horror &amp; fantasy fans will fare better with any of several anthologies with &quot;The Yellow Sign&quot; - but the bulk of this tome is only for true diehards, and masochists.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|This is a product designed for the young and casual listeners, not the real fans. The Anthology and BBC releases were, but now its time to cash big time. So, they even omitted two of Lennon's number one hits that may sound 'uncommercial' for the teens and the working parents: Strawberry Fields Forever (weird-LSD imaginery) and Revolution (political contents). I understand all of that and I am a Beatles fan. But the one thing that is an insult is that the sound of those records has not been improved significantly. Listen to the Who records of the same time that have been reissued and then put on Beatles 1. Need I say more? Maybe the remastered and remixed versions are ready, but they will be released some time in the year 2020, when  another 100 millions CDs of the current versions have been sold and the stupid Beatle fan has to buy all the albums all over again..
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park has the best &quot;hybrid&quot; sound of hip-hop/rock that is out there.  Every song on this CD is better than the song before it.  And check this out, THEY ACTUALLY LET THEIR DJ PLAY!!  The beats and electronics provide a great texture for the guitar and drums just to rock over the top of.  With two guys on vocals, every song sounds different and the lyrics never get old.  &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; is one of the most innovative and original CDs I have ever heard, and I highly recommend it.  I just hope they come to Denver soon!!!
0553106635|5.0|This is a great epic fantasy.  I've read plenty of books in the last year that had me turning pages and staying up late to see what happens next, but this is the only one I can remember in the last several years that had me pausing to savor what I had just read before moving on.  (The last one I remember like that was Mrs. Dalloway by Virginia Wolfe.)<br />Martin has a huge case of characters, all of whom are compelling, which means he has the option (which he takes) to eliminate some of the central characters along the way.  Buckle up, it's a bumpy ride.  There are some serious surprises -- in the good sense -- not in the &quot;where the heck did that come from&quot; sense, more like -- &quot;wow, I didn't think he'd really do that.&quot;  The trouble with most books in this genre is that even though they're fun to read, there's a predictable pattern to them, and you know which characters are subject to mortal peril, and which ones will always survive somehow.  Not in this series.  <br />I'm also fascinated by the way that Martin is rehabilitating one of the most reprehensible villains from the first two books, and turning him into a sympathetic character.  <br />By no means attempt this book if you have not read the first two in the series.  They do not stand alone, and you will have no idea what is going on.  But this is a great series.  A must read for fans of the genre.
B000001FI7|3.0|This is a really tough one to give a fair review.  When this CD came out, it was the second CD (Massive Attack's 'Blue Lines' was the first) to really give so-called 'trip-hop' a true identity.  Its dark, ambient soundscapes presented with a studio wizardry rarely found was, and still is, a treat for the ears.  The first half is near-perfect, with 'Sour Times' and 'Strangers' being able to really establish a strong beat.  'Mysterons', 'It Could Be Sweet' and 'Wandering Star' also have enough hooks to make them worthwhile and memorable listens.  Once you hit track 7 or 8, though, there's little else that sticks.  The same moody backdrops, with the same sweet-sounding, but somehow thin crooning of Beth Gibbons, all tend to lose their power after a handful of tracks.  That makes many of the latter tracks utterly forgettable.  Admittedly, the last two tracks are very well done, but for all its mastery, a lot of the music doesn't satisfy as much as it should.  All in all, what you have here is a masterfully recorded, brilliantly executed bore.  So much effort and passion, so little excitement.  If you can get past the lull this CD puts you in, then you will be rewarded with an amazing display of sounds that will be in your player for a long time.  But that's easier said than done.  In this respect its a lot like OK Computer by Radiohead.  Fantastic musically, brilliant lyrically, jaw-dropping vocally, but its boredom makes it a bit more difficult to appreciate than necessary.  It still comes highly recommended, but 'Mezzanine' by Massive Attack is similar, and much much better.
B0000048V8|5.0|Together by the fire, my 2 1/2 year old daughter and I curl up under blankets, sipping hot chocolate and ooohing and ahhhing over &quot;The Snowman.&quot; I am moved to tears by this beautiful dream. My daughter hugs me hard and watches intently as James, the lovely boy, enters a world we all desperately want to believe exists- a world where snowmen come to life and fly- even amongst other snowmen! We are privy to a magical world where snowmen gather in the snow laden forest, while the rest of the world sleeps, dancing and playing silent instruments.<br />After we watch &quot;The Snowman,&quot; I usher my daughter off to her nap, and she snuggles in tightly under her covers and speaks-in a dreamy voice-- of the snowman, and how she can't wait for snow to fall. <br />&quot;The Snowman&quot; has shaped her imagination in a way I never thought possible.  Thank you so much, Mr. Briggs, for bringing such magic into our lives.
0140386335|5.0|This is my favorite book. If you liked the movie, you'll love the book. The movie only goes through the first nine chapters of the four hundred and forty five page book. It starts with chapter one (Or A) and goes to chapter twenty six (Or Z). Going through the destruction of Fantastica (pronounced Fantistic-a, not fantasia!) to the end of Bastion's adventures (boy I hope I spelled that right!). A breath taking story about friendship and humility, and how one little fat boy can save an entire world of imagination.
B00003CXDG|4.0|This movie is a great action movie, and in my opinion, even better then the first Mission: Impossible Movie. The movie has awesome explosions, fight scenes and chase scenes, but also contains some generic &quot;action movie type&quot; scenes. Nevertheless, this movie is still worth buying, and once you get bored of the movie itself, the DVD's extras, such as a short about the making of the film, will keep you watching.
6304698542|5.0|.......and who was ever better at her Best? I will leave the intellectual and historical review of this film to others. I have read all the reviews, and many capture that era, and this brilliant brittle portrayal of it, more aptly than I ever could. My feelings about the new DVD are strictly personal and involve the STAR.....quite possibly the greatest entertainer of our times.....Liza MINNELLI (all caps because some of you folks really need to learn how to spell her name! She sings 'Liza With a Z' but I think it's that last name she needs to emphasize!) At any rate, it has now become clear that this will be the classic Liza Minnelli performance to become our inheritance, and I have become more grateful for it (and her) with every viewing. Her timing, her delivery, her subtlety, her voice, her LOOK, her drama, her 'Divine Decadence' .... all sheer PERFECTION. 'Maybe This Time' became, perhaps, my all-time favorite Minnelli song, and I cannot imagine anyone (even her mother) handling it any better. I loved the original movie, the VHS, the DVD....and while I will be the first to agree it was a great film, unto itself, can anyone HONESTLY imagine it for one minute without Minnelli? It couldn't have and wouldn't have been the same, nor reached the level that could be called 'masterpiece.' It is truly LIZA'S masterpiece, and while I once chuckled as she sang '....when I go, I wanna go like Elsie!'....I now feel tears in my eyes.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Man, the music buying public is pretty gullible these days, but this is just tragically pathetic. &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; is a great album, an amazing masterpiece of our times. Go ahead and say it ten times real faced.....straight-faced.
B0000524CY|5.0|For those of you that like The Exorcist and wondered if you should have seen the movie in the theaters *just* becuase it has some new scenes I can tell you it's definataly worth it.<br />The added scenes improve the continuity for the most part and provide a few new shocks (as if this movie needed more). <br />The soundtrack is radically reworked as well, employing newly scored music that adds to the mood of the movie. <br />There are new sound effects that have more &quot;oomph&quot; for the modern six channel digital sound. <br />Have the 25'th Anniversary tape? Saw the Spider walk scene in the Documentary? Well, in the new release, it's a different version and 10 times more creepy (it took a minute for the audience I was with to calm down).<br />It was great to see this in a theater and see people jaded by cookie cutter slasher flicks respond to this movie so well. This movie is not fast paced and that allows it to build up a foundation of dread and fear about the developing possession of the girl. Until it finally unleashes in the more horrifying scenes you've all heard about. <br />The overall color scheme of the movie is grayish and colorless, further drawing you into that fear and dread. The background music (the new and the limited amount utilized in the original version)has very little melody with a lot of sustained low chords. It doesn't call attention to itself but does unnerve you.<br />The possessed girl is probabaly one of the scariest faces in movie history. It's incredible that all that was really done to Linda Blair's face was to add a few asymetrical cuts, cover over her eyebrows and darken her sockets (giving her eyes a skull like look). But of course, it was the makeup master Dick Smith that was doing it so it's not too much of a surprise. The crowning feature of the scariest face was the unhuman look of the eyes, done with contact lenses.<br />The upcoming DVD of the &quot;version you never saw&quot; deserves a place in my colection and yours. <br />Besides a faithful transfer of the new version to DVD and the trailer, I can suggest that Warner Bros. include the tour of Washington sequence. This is another sequence that was not used in the final cut. It still exists but with no soundtrack. Putting it on the extras section of the DVD with an explanation of the missing soundtrack and subtitles would make this DVD an even better purchase for fans of the movie (like myself).
0446525537|3.0|I had already heard good things about this book from a fellow classmate who recomended it to me. Although the book was a bit undeleloped in detail and in lenth, it was a good read. Short, quick, and to the point but it also gave room for some tradgic surprise. Landon Carter is a typical high school student, he is more interested in his friends than in his school work. He has to deal with the pressures of trying to find a date to homecommimg because it's not &quot;cool' if you go stag. The last person anyone would think of becomes his date, &quot;bible girl&quot;, Jamie Sullivan.Things between them start to heat up after Landon gets talked into doing the christmas play. Just as things are  going great for the two, Tradgity strikes, leaving the two in a rare sitution for high school students. As the book unfolds it becomes harder to put it down. This book is a good, quick read. Most likely women will like it more than men.
B000051VWW|2.0|If you are a Sade fan, do not buy this CD. The lyrics and melodies are dull and inane and the stripped down production cheapens the whole effort. The subtle piano and guitar tracks are buried so deep you have to strain to hear them over the over-boosted, thumping bass and synthetic drums. I've tried hard to like this CD but to no avail.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pure rock n' roll.  It's so obvious Pearl Jam is far out grown the stage diving, mosh pit, and flannel years.  They're a classic band and this album proves it. If you're expecting to hear &quot;Alive&quot; or &quot;EvenFlow&quot; well, you won't hear it.  I'm tired of people saying Pearl Jam has lost it, well it's been 10 years and they're still around so maybe it's just that people haven't grown like the band. I won't break down every single song but once you listen to &quot;Of the Girl&quot; you'll realize Pearl Jam is and always will be in it for the music.  At first I thought this CD was okay at best.  But it grows on you.  If you appreciate just pure music and songs that mean something than Binural is your album.  If you haven't grown up and are still listening to hair bands, please don't buy this CD.  Better yet, don't ever think about Pearl Jam.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Forget everything else.  This collection is absolutely perfect.  Yes, these are the original stereo mixes (except for Love Me Do, From Me To You and She Loves You), but they have never sounded crisper and sharper.  Any Beatles collection of a mere 27 songs will always omit favorites, but what songs they are!  And I can't believe that people are attacking the packaging!  What a wonderful trip down memory lane, with the great picture sleeve 45s from around the world.  Of course, one can't help but wish that the booklet was 12 X 12 instead of 5 X 5, but if they release it on LP with a 12 X 12 booklet, I'm buying it!<br />Anyway, too many people here with too many personal biases and agendas.  This is not just a quality release, it's a true gift to old fans and neophytes alike.  It's an unBeatleable combination of great songs, great sound and great packaging....  <br />And that's the unvarished truth.
0553106635|5.0|A word to the wise . . . the entire Song of Ice and Fire series of books is probably only for those who enjoy long, long epic sagas.  This is a giant novel, but in this case, bigger is better.   The story of the Starks and the Seven Kingdoms continues as the main characters continue their struggles for freedom in various parts of the land, even as greater threats from afar beckon.  The book is extremely dense with nearly five hundred different characters (or so it seemed) and ten &quot;point-of-view&quot; characters, but it's exactly that detail which makes the book gripping and compelling.  There are close to five or six plotlines going on simultaneously at all times, which makes reading the book a lot of fun and challenging at the same time.  The book is filled with court intrigue, treachery, intense plotting, and smart and witty dialogue.  I can't wait for the fourth book already . . . this is a terrific series.
B000050XEI|5.0|The first song that I heard by this fascinating artist was &quot;Only Time&quot; on the radio. I loved it totally. I have never heard a more beautiful song than that one. So when Enya's CD came out, I had to go out and buy it! I am very happy that I did. It is beautiful and splendid music, with excellent instrumental precision in the background. If you are looking for a CD to raise your mood, than &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is your best choice.
0553106635|5.0|Just when you thought Martin was becoming Jordan-ish he pulls out his Pen Sword (after all the pen is mightier than the sword, right?) and brings us this great book.  Everything you think can't happen, does.  Every plot line is followed and expanded.  The Dragon Queen is still a separate part in the book, but you can sense the gap closing.  The several Kings of the Seven Kingdoms not only go to war, but also do an awful lot of killing.  As I read this, I realized all the people I thought `couldn't die', could.  This isn't some fairy tale book where good guys always win and bad guys where black.  This book is a combat book for fantasy readers.  I couldn't put this book down!  I can't wait for the next book.  This book not only goes forward with the story it closes more than a few before you get to the final page.  It's a real winner and a shock all the way through!  BRAVO!
B00004YW6I|5.0|I cannot get enough of this CD. I've listened to it several times every day since I purchased it, and it just keeps getting better. I'm a fan of \\"Dry\\" over any of PJ's other works, and have longed for her to do something comparable, and this is it.<br />I keep wanting to get the word out, to call the local radio station and request they play a track from PJ Harvey's latest. And when they ask what track, I'll say, doesn't matter, whatever you like, whatever fits your format, whatever the record company's released for play on the air, `cause it's all good. <br />Like her \\"Dry\\" it's filled with such passion.... I get chills just thinking about the chorus to \\"Kamikaze\\", which progresses from a smoky bass-voiced verse at the start to a high-pitched squeal that somehow magically conjures the crazed, desperate attack of its title. There's magic elsewhere too, in the lyrical hooks throughout the CD, in the \\"I've pulled myself free\\" of \\"Horses In My Dreams\\", in the chorus of \\"We Float\\", in the \\"one day they'll be a place for us\\" of \\"A Place Called Home\\", in \\"the city sun sets over me\\" of the Thom Yorke led \\"This Mess We're In\\". Like me, after a few listens you'll be eagerly anticipating these lines from the songs' opening notes. <br />Oh, and play it loud - `cause it rocks.
6305971099|2.0|The only realistic written, likable and well acted character in Halloween 4, 5, or 6 is that of Ellie Cornell's Rachel.   She made Halloween 4 and gets killed a half hour into Halloween 5.  What were these people thinking.  Yeah, I'd really rather watch a mute pre-teen dressed as a cicus clown and an old man who overacts battle the bad guy.  What market research did they pay for to come to that conclusion.  Overall, the plot is slow and the movie tiresome.  Check out 1,2,4, or H20 for anything worthwhile.<br />With any luck, Ellie Cornell will be resurrected.
B000002MG1|5.0|Unquestionably the Best Album of the 90's and one of the best ever made! REM are brilliant artists and will go down in history for their incredible work. Every track on this CD is great. This album is a must-have.
0316920045|4.0|This is one of those books that makes you feel stupid.  Either that or you get this suspicious feelings that everyone else is somehow so much smarter than you, even though yourself is not stupid, so to speak.  Not understanding anything before or after reading this voluminous work of ... what? genius?  I remember one thing: I had fun reading it.  Funny, weird, addicting, and if you are a retired, fulltime reader of books, as I am, you might as well read it, or even buy the book.  Over 1000 pages for under $18 (softcover).  To me, that's a good deal of enjoyable writing for the buck, whether you understand the totality of it or not.
B000002LOE|5.0|This is probably REM's second best album right after the brialliant &quot;Automatic for the People&quot;. I loved every song on it. Althought this is more of a &quot;happy&quot; album than a serious one like &quot;automatic&quot; was - it is still just as great. This is a must-have as well.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|My own, personal 80-minute &quot;best of&quot; the Beatles CD, which I call &quot;Nothing But Net,&quot; has most of the tracks that other reviewers complain about missing (e.g. Strawberry Fields, A Day in the Life, Norwegian Wood, Revolution, Tomorrow Never Knows). So I agree that an &quot;all #1 hits&quot; CD is certainly not the best of the Beatles.<br />But that's not the point. This CD has its own reason for being. The question is how well it's realized. And the basic problem with it has been identified by several other reviewers -- these are not the original singles mixes that were in fact the #1 hits.<br />This makes a tremendous difference in the listening experience to those of us who actually lived through the 1964-1970 period in the US (or 1963-1970) in the UK. These stereo mixes just don't sound the same. They lack the cohesiveness, the explosive punch, of the original sound.<br />What's more, these are precisely the tracks that are still missing from most CD collections. And they are precisely the tracks that should be heard by the &quot;new generation&quot; of listeners that may be the marketing target for this product.<br />Finally, the remastering *is* improved (24-bit, and all), but it doesn't stack up to the sound of the 2000 remixes of John Lennon's solo albums. Why? Because there's more to a good job of remastering than high precision. The job is to be faithful to the ORIGINAL sound. The Lennon remixes finally sound like the original vinyl albums.<br />And for the Beatles singles that could only come from using the mono mixes. Let's hear those in 24-bit resolution. Then today's ears could hear what was so incredibly special about the sound of those original Beatles singles. We'd hear more bass, more snap, more punch, *as well as* a more clear drum sound.<br />Long live the Beatles! (And forget that new Yellow Submarine CD sound -- it's phoney.)
B000006NPY|5.0|When I first bought this album I was unsure about how I felt about it.  I began to listen to The Smashing Pumpkins in the beginning and I rolled with the changes.  This album has been played over and over in my home, my car, and in my head.  The songs on this album relfect for me a feeling of loves and losses both personal and on a larger scale.  Songs like Annie Dog, and Crestfallen bring me to tears.  Billy's voice is like that of an angel and this album is really something to be proud of.  I will miss the Pumpkins dearly, and this album is a must have for all.
0767903854|3.0|As a longtime fan of Bryson, I can say that this book has all the components that make his books good (humor, history, background information, insights), but as a whole, it doesn't hold up to his other books.  Yes, there are many great stories from his trip through Australia and you will also learn more than you ever wanted to know about everything from poisonous critters to beer brands and temperatures.  But, at some point, the narrative simply drags and you'll find yourself asking if you wanted to relive every single moment of this long trip.  I've walked the Appalachian trail with Mr. Bryson, read his accounts of the English language, etc..., but never have I gotten to the point where I was actually bored and looking to see how many pages I had to slog through.<br />Perhaps if you are incredibly fascinated by Australia and its history, you won't find it slow going in parts.  Bryson is still one of my favorite travel/humor writers, but this is definitely not his best book.
B00004U30D|5.0|American Beauty represents the potential of American film.  An intelligent, suspenseful, funny, charming, and intensely significant character driven movie, American Beauty shines.  Its poignant and accurate portrayal of all the facets of suburbia in an American microcosm, the film explores self-knowledge and the transformation of self as well as smoking pot at 40.  American Beauty is Sam Mendes' masterpiece.  I would love to single out Kevin Spacey's absolutely masterful performance, but the truth is that every character deserved an Oscar.  It should be required for every American to see this movie.  Particularly as a teen, the portrayal of what it means to come of age (and back again) is brilliant.  The power of the movie lies in its ability to take countless themes and ideas and piece them together as one.  You will never think about your life in the same way again.
B000002OR4|5.0|I was in 9th grade.  I was watching the Oscars, like always.  I'd been writing since age 6.  This was the first year that something other than the awards struck me: Schindler's List won several of them, and each time this haunting theme was played.  The composer, John Williams, won an award (I later found out it was his fifth, and his 3rd for a Spielberg film).  Soon after, I got this brilliant CD.  Now, I only listen to soundtracks when I write - and less than a year after that, I began winning awards for my writing - 10 years after I began.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Ponder this question: Why is anti-German atrocity propaganda still being made, 55 years after the war ended?<br />In one of the film's scenes, the German submarine crew machine-guns the life raft carrying a couple dozen Americans, who were survivors from a warship the Germans had just sunk. When the gunner balks at shooting the Americans, the German officer says, &quot;Standing orders of the fuerer. We will not pick up any survivors...&quot;.<br />This is a lie. In his memoirs (&quot;Ten Years and Twenty Days&quot;), German Grand Admiral Karl Doenitz states that, &quot;In the many thousands of engagements in which U-boats took part there is only one case in which a U-boat captain attacked survivors.&quot; This statement is generally believed to be true. In many other ways, in fact, the regular German military waged a much cleaner war than did the forces of the allies.<br />Ponder this question: Why did the director make one of the main characters in this story an African-American, when in fact there were no African-American submariners in the Second World War?<br />In WWII, American troops were still segregated. No African-Americans served on submarines, and certainly no African-Americans spoke as equals to white seamen, as does the African-American in this movie. This may be an abhorrent fact, but it is true.<br />Why is this movie trying to re-write history? Whose interest does it serve to lie about German barbarity, and to re-write the history of race relations in America?
B00003Q43A|4.0|In plain and simple english, ID4 is massive entertainment full of inventive visual effects and an all star cast.  It's just plain fun all around.  Director Roland Emmerich as assembled great talents to produce the ultimate &quot;B&quot; movie with an &quot;A&quot; budget.  The film is basically a disaster film, one so simple in premise that you may ask yourself why schlockmiester Irwin Allen didn't produce such a film in the 1970's.<br />The film is about a mysterious alien race who arrive two days before the fourth of July and begin blowing cities apart with massive energy beams.  Think &quot;Day the Earth Stood Still&quot; meets &quot;Aliens&quot; with a dash of &quot;V: The Final Battle&quot;.  As the world reacts in horror to the extermination of the human race we meet our principle heroes.  We meet an idealistic president (Bill Pullman), a computer genius (Jeff Goldblum) and a cocky Air Force pilot (Will Smith) who lives with his stripper girlfriend.<br />The rest of the plot involves the president, the computer genius and the jet pilot coming together via convenient plot developments to rally remaining human forces to combat this alien threat.  One bit of inspired writing has the president and his team going to the mysterious Area 51 to find a way to fight the aliens.<br />Although a bit corny at times, ID4 is so much fun that it's easy to overlook some questionable acting and some gaping plot holes.  Wouldn't an alien race as advanced as this have an anti-virus program for thier ships?  Also, wouldn't alien fighters be able to outspeed an F-15?  Ah, who cares the movie rocks.  ID4 continues to entertain on a massive scale and not many big blockbusters have accomplished that much.
B000002BBY|4.0|This was the album with which Oasis first broke through to the American pop scene, and this is the album that had Wonderwall playing in your head like a broken record. Although Oasis has earned a bad reputation, the songs on (What's the Story) Morning Glory explore the more mellow side of mainstream music. Oasis is perfect when you just want to relax, since the music is very laid-back, and doesn't take itself too seriously, which can't be said for most American artists. Sometimes you can help but wonder if they tried to have the lyrics not make sense (slowly walking down the hall, faster than a cannonball...), but each of the songs contains a charisma so unique that there's no need to skip over any of them. Oasis has a sound that's irresistable and undeniably retro. All of the songs sound familiar, but in a good way. Sure they've been accused of ripping off the Beatles, but who doesn't rip off the Beatles? The album is full of more obscure gems (my favorite is Hey Now) nestled in between towering pop hits and the occasional untitled musical interlude. It's part of what made the 90's what they are, and what pieces of the past refused to die.
B000002JB8|5.0|When i heard this CD, It brought tears to my eyes when i came upon the Track, Memories of Blue,Just like some one Previously stated, this should of been the Theme for, &quot;James Cameron`s TITANIC&quot; A truely insperational CD that will Relax you in any State of Mind. I have been a Vangelis fan since 1979 &amp; this CD by far is what i feel one of his Masterpieces. A must have for the true Vangelis Fan!
B0000032LS|5.0|It's astounding! All corny RHPS references aside, this album is absolutely wonderful. If you're at all conflicted about which of the fifty cast recordings you should buy and you do not already own this one, buy it! It's like having the movie in handy CD form, and it's one of the only recordings that comes close to doing justice to the undeniable greatness of the film. One of the reasons I love this CD is because it's so timeless.         Regretfully, I wasn't born until 9 years after the film debuted, but I'm still in love with the music. Chances are, if you love it now, you'll love if forever. And if you don't love it, you're probably just a tad too normal.    It's a bit of a downer that a couple of really great songs from the movie were omitted from the album; namely &quot;Sword of Damocles (Woe is Me)&quot; and &quot;Wise Up, Janet Weiss (Planet Schmanet Janet)&quot;. Still, they made up for it by including two extra remixes of &quot;Time Warp&quot;. The first is just awesome, and includes some of the movie's best and most memorable dialogue with this funky-echo thing. The next is a karaoke version of the song, which, behind closed doors, we can all have fun with. My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Rose Tint My World...&quot; because it bears the entire essence of the movie. It's fast and catchy, then slow and melodic, painting an accurate picture of the characters the whole time.    Basically, this album rocks. If music can live for 25 years and not suck, then it deserves a spot in my CD collection.
B00004Y6NU|5.0|Don't let the fact that there are only five tracks on this album deter you.  This is a masterful piece of work by Mark Knopfler and the boys.<br />Interestingly enough, the Dire Straits album that preceded this one was titled &quot;Making Movies.&quot;  In many ways, it seems as though Knopfler has done exactly that here.  &quot;Telegraph Road,&quot; the opening track, is a musical portrait of epic proportions, a tale of promise, progress, and desolation wrapped around an incredibly powerful arrangement.  Knopfler's biting lyrics give this opus extra kick - &quot;Then came the churches, then came the schools, then came the lawyers, then came the rules.&quot;  His voice was made to sing this song - the sad, smoky, whisper &quot;Now you act a little colder, like you don't seem to care,&quot; is positively chilling.  Even if this were the only song on the disc, it would be worth having.<br />&quot;Private Investigations&quot; finds Knopfler narrating as the weary private eye, disillusioned and disgusted by the lives and the lies of the people he is paid to watch.  &quot;What have you got at the end of the day?  What have you got to take away?  A bottle of whiskey, and a new set of lies, blinds on the windows and pain behind the eyes.&quot;  This cut is another example of Knopfler's ability to evoke a powerful image, using his words economically, yet masterfully, and allowing the sound to fill in the blanks.  &quot;Scarred for life.  No compensation. Private investigations.&quot;<br />Knopfler's hilarious take on modern technology, &quot;Industrial Disease&quot; is a raucous romp placed right in the middle of the song cycle, giving the listener a few minutes to breathe and laugh.  If you listen hard enough, you can hear the singer laughing along with you.  &quot;Two men say they're Jesus, one of 'em must be wrong&quot; has to be one of my favorite lines ever.<br />The title track, amidst the other imagery, could well be Dire Straits' motto.  One gets the feeling that when Knopfler sings of &quot;Love Over Gold&quot; he's referring not only to the character in the song, but also of his philosophy regarding his music, that the art is far more important than commercial success. (Of course, the fact that only a few years later, he wrote a song that begins with the lyric &quot;I Want My MTV&quot; might shoot my theory to pieces).  Nonetheless, &quot;Love Over Gold&quot; is an excellent song<br />&quot;It Never Rains&quot; has a Dylanesque feel, both lyrically and musically.  When Knopfler sings &quot;It's a sad reminder when your organ grinder has to come to you for rent, and all you have to give him is the use of your side show tent&quot; amidst the sound of the carnival - style organ, it's vaguely reminiscent of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone.&quot; The song, and the album, ends with another dose of reality - &quot;and he takes you out in Vaudeville Valley with his hand up smothering your screams, and he screws you down in Tin Pan Alley, in the city of a billion dreams,&quot; as the sound builds to a crescendo, then fittingly fades out.  The movie has ended.<br />Mark Knopfler has come to be known, in addition to being an outstanding guitarist and lyricist, as an accomplished composer of movie soundtracks. He is incredibly adept at writing music to enhance films.  He is just as talented in creating songs that evoke lasting visual images.<br />As far as I'm concerned, Knopfler and the various incarnations of Dire Straits never released an album that would be considered less than a five - star effort.  This is one of many.  Buy this one.  Buy them all.en Knopfler sings of &quot;Love Over Gold&quot; he's referring not only to the character in the song, but also of his philosophy regarding his music, that the art is far more important than commercial success. (Of course, the fact that only a few years later, he wrote a song that begins with the lyric &quot;I Want My MTV&quot; might shoot my theory to pieces).  Nonetheless, &quot;Love Over Gold&quot; is an excellent song<br />&quot;It Never Rains&quot; has a Dylanesque feel, both lyrically and musically.  When Knopfler sings &quot;It's a sad reminder when your organ grinder has to come to you for rent, and all you have to give him is the use of your side show tent&quot; amidst the sound of the carnival - style organ, it's vaguely reminiscent of &quot;Like A Rolling Stone.&quot; The song, and the album, ends with another dose of reality - &quot;and he takes you out in Vaudeville Valley with his hand up smothering your screams, and he screws you down in Tin Pan Alley, in the city of a billion dreams,&quot; as the sound builds to a crescendo, then fittingly fades out.  The movie has ended.<br />Mark Knopfler has come to be known, in addition to being an outstanding guitarist and lyricist, as an accomplished composer of movie soundtracks. He is incredibly adept at writing music to enhance films.  He is just as talented in creating songs that evoke lasting visual images.  <br />As far as I'm concerned, Knopfler and the various incarnations of Dire Straits never released an album that would be considered less than a five - star effort.  This is one of many.  Buy this one.  Buy them all.
B000002VMH|5.0|Annie Lennox's 1992 solo debut is a ecletic mix of wonderful pop tunes of emotional intensity. The first track Why is soul touching and very well-sung. You gotta listen to believe.
B00004SCX6|4.0|this cd has music to dance to, music to sing to. basically for pop fans its great.  other then &quot;satisfaction&quot; the cd is quite well done.  for those of you that think that britney has no singing ability she proves her real voice in songs such as &quot;where are you now&quot; and &quot;dont let me be the last to know&quot; and &quot;one kiss from you&quot;  this cd sends a good message to young girls and really people of any age such as in &quot;stronger&quot; when the phrase 'now its nothing but my way'  and &quot;what you see is what you get&quot; also sends a good message.  although some of the songs seem flaky they are good to dance to or sing to for a party for anything really.  this is one of the most versatile cds ive listened to in a while.  in her next cd perhaps Britney will add more slow vocal performances.  When i heard Britney perform &quot;dont let me be the last to know&quot; live i knew she had talent she just hasnt showed yet.  As far as this cd goes its very good, for all music lovers this is a great album.
B000050XEI|4.0|Well critics would argue that the Enya-formula is wearing thin with each release and new-age enthusiasts would scoff at the commercialism involved in Enya's work. But frankly speaking, she is one of the few and very few to actually achieve commercial and artistic success. With this album, it has once again proven that her alluring and mesmerising vocals strung with the Celtic tunes do bring some pleasure to the ears, especially after a stressful day or some thumping music from the stereo. The fist single, Only Time is a spellbinding piece of music which bears slight resemblance to the wonderful China Roses from The Memory of Trees. Perfect...
0446604844|3.0|Baldacci sticks to his proven suspense-thriller formula, but doesn't fill the pages with characters that are believable or make you care about them. Not bad, but certainly not his best work.
0399146369|1.0|Not worth even one star.  I've read all of P. Cornwell's books, but this one is just too tedious to recommend.  It picks up where the last one left off, and spends interminable sessions of soul searching and naval picking.  OK, so we know more than we ever wanted to learn about Kay Scarpetta, but the plot never really USES this information, only insinuates a vague legal threat (never developed) and tension builder between Kay and her psychiatrist friend.  Worse, at the end, nothing is really resolved about the most interesting part of the story -- the sage of the deformed Frenchman who calls himself a werewolf and who ostensibly has killed many people.  You are left guessing as to the whether Kay's nemisis, but one night stand, Jay, revealed to be the brother of the werewolf, is really the killer.  There's no logical explanation why the Virginia DA has a personal vendetta against Kay and creates a grand jury to investigate whether SHE killed one of the werewolf's alleged victims.  An interesting bit about Pete Morino's son, a mob lawyer, is never developed.  And the endless talk, talk, talk between Kay and the psychologist, Kay and the NY DA, Kay and herself...  Give me a werewolf any day!
0684833395|5.0|This was quite possibly the greatest book I have ever read in my life. At times it mader me laugh until it hurt and then could make some one cry at the same time. Joesph Heller brings a humorous look to the excentrict military lifestyle of WWII. A must read
B00004W5TB|5.0|Arguably the best crime film of 1968, and certainly one of the most influential films of the genre....\\"Bullitt\\" established new directions in the mood and style of crime thrillers, and firmly established McQueen as one of the key anti-hero stars of the 60's. Based on the gritty novel \\"Mute Witness\\" by Robert L. Pike, this was the first, and only, time McQueen portrayed a police officer (albeit a maverick one) in his movie career. In 1968 Steve was then riding high on the success of his previous heist film, \\"The Thomas Crown Affair\\", and \\"Bullitt\\" just propelled his star even higher into the cinematic heavens !    The plot is tight, economical and well crafted....taciturn, moody Detective Frank Bullitt (McQueen) is charged with the protection of a key witness vital to an upcoming trial involving Mafia connections. Whilst hidden away in a supposed secure location, the witness and his police guard are brutally gunned down by unknown assailants. The heat is turned up on Bullitt by his tough Captain (Simon Oakland) and the manipulative, opportunistic politician Walter Chalmers (Robert Vaughn) to come up with the right answers fast ! Between the draining investigation, Bullitt struggles to maintain his relationship with his cultured, sensitive girlfriend, Cathy (Jacqueline Bisset)    Primarily coming from a TV series background, Englishman Peter Yates (directing his fourth movie) did a commendable job as director on \\"Bullitt\\"...producing a complex, intense crime thriller with a unique style that would ultimately influence many other films. Yates would later to go onto direct tough guy Robert Mitchum in the excellent 1973 \\"sleeper\\" crime film \\"The Friends of Eddie Coyle\\" !    And of course \\"Bullitt\\" is reknowned for it's now legendary car chase between Frank Bullitt's 390 GT Mustang and the two hitmen in their black, Dodge Charger 440 Magnum barrelling through the city streets and highways of San Francisco....just don't pay too much attention to how many times they pass that slow-moving, green VW Beetle !!    The DVD transfer is excellent in both sound and picture quality, and the Limited Edition Collectors Set with the additional goodies (Single sheet poster, shooting draft, lobby cards etc.) is a real bonus for keen film fans !!    One of my favourite cop thrillers....McQueen sizzles on screen !!
B000051VWW|5.0|Indeed it has been eight years since Sade made an album, but the wait is worth the while. If you are a real Sade fan then you should scarifice the time to listen to this album. Every song has a deep meaning. I really enjoyed listening to &quot; I HAVE BEEN HURT BEFORE&quot; and all the rest. Her soulful voice wants to make you fall in love all over again, but more so give this CD to every friend that you have. So, keep on doing your thing Sade, and keep on lifting spirits. I do hope that the new singers today take some time out and listen to this album. They will then hear what good music is all about.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This one should be adored by any Lenny Kravitz fan and is a must-have in that &quot;feel good&quot; music collection!  Kravitz was long past due with this compilation of hits, and is the ultimate party CD...proving once again that &quot;it aint over til it's over.&quot;
B00000I952|5.0|I love ABBA, anything they have done.  I am looking, though, for a song that I remember being entitled as &quot;Andante, Andante&quot;.  It was a slow love song.  I have looked everywhere and cannot find it.  I have &quot;Thank You For The Music&quot; boxed set, &quot;ABBA Gold&quot;, and others, but I cannot find that song.<br />HELP!
0684853523|5.0|Look at the book cover.  It can be interpreted in two ways.  The glow of the light from the window gives me a sense of comfort and invite.  But look at the cellar doors, now this has an erie symbol of horror.  Cellars are sometime dark and dank, a perfect habitat for macabre.  Just thinking that sends tingles down the back of my neck.<br />This book was excellent.  I have not read any of Stephen King's books, so I can't compare them to this one.  If his other writings are this good, I will definitely read more.  <br />He talks about what his life was like growing up and what made him into the writer he is today.  His battle with drug and alcohol addiction was a problem that he admits to, not many people can say that about themselves.  How he overcame those odds was an interesting solution.  His stories about his childhood were at times kind of funny.  They made me think of my own trials and tribulations of being a child.  <br />The second part of the book goes into his style of writing, such as not ploting out his stories.  He likes to say 'What if' when he starts a book.  I like the idea of not ploting a book.  Just create the characters and put them into compelling situations.  He says the key to becoming a writer is that you have to read and write a lot.  This is very true.  That reminds me, he says for you to tell the truth when writing, for example, make the characters believable to the way actual people talk and act and feel.  In his book &quot;Misery&quot; he had to become Anne, to think like her.  He wanted you to be in her shoes, if you will, see her point of view.  Make you think that she's a good person.  This allowed me to understand the movie more, now I think I want to read the book.  <br />In the last part of the book, you get an idea of what he went through when a blue Dodge van ran into him, almost killing him.  He said that he felt as if he was hit by a character from one of his books, almost funny if it wasn't so serious.  <br />If you have neverread any of Stephen King's books, read this one first, if you are offended by fowel language, you might not like it, however.  He has &quot;a mouth of a mill worker&quot;, as he would say.
1558908358|4.0|I sincerely don't know why people didn't like this movie.  Back in 1982, apparently almost nobody went to see what happened to be a breakthrough in CG imagery.  Without TRON, I think the possibilities of having computer-generated effects would have been remote.<br />In spite of having certain flaws, the story of TRON presented some religious matters, like the programs wanting to communicate with their users -as if they were gods.  The light-cycle confrontation is one of its kind, with impressive angle shots never before seen on film.  Maybe Steven Lisberger's direction seemed a bit slow that the movie felt itself tiresome sometimes, bit it was a good effort.<br />TRON was probably an underrated film.  However I consider it a very good movie and, on DVD, even better.
0140282033|3.0|The imagery in this book was delightful...I could almost taste and smell the confections. It was an enjoyable story until the end. What a disappointment! I anticipated a satisying conclusion, but it only left a bad taste in my mouth. I think the  author forgot to tie up some of the storylines...am I the only one wondering what the big secret was between Armande &amp; Reynaud? Also, I would have liked more background on Reynaud &amp; Pere's relationship. The mouthwatering descriptions deserve 5 stars, but I give the plot 2 1/2!
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt.Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is music at its finest. Every single track on this album is pure art. I can honestly say I have never heard a better album than this. Once you pop this into your CD player you'll feel like you are at the front row of the concert. Not only the music but the way the tracks are arranged is pure brilliance. Each following track compliments the last. I'm only 20 but I have to say that even today there is no other album like this one and I don't think there every will be another one quite like it.
B00000J7EI|5.0|The Gallery rules!  I find it superior to their latest Century Media release, Projector.  Dark Tranquility uses beautiful riffs, keyboard, acoustic guitar, and even clean vocals(including females voice) to create a unique effect.  Their talent and raw agression is displayed on The Gallery.  Definitly check this out.  Although my predecesor seems to disagree, some other bands accepted as carriers of the Gothenburg, Sweeden sound are In Flames, Soilwork, and At the Gates.
014028902X|5.0|Gerald writes about his family's advertures and manages to describe each member, including himself, as a very funny character, while still making them look like real people.
B00000J7EI|5.0|The Gallery rules!  I find it superior to their latest Century Media release, Projector.  Dark Tranquility uses beautiful riffs, keyboard, acoustic guitar, and even clean vocals(including females voice) to create a unique effect.  Their talent and raw agression is displayed on The Gallery.  Definitly check this out.  Although my predecesor seems to disagree, some other bands accepted as carriers of the Gothenburg, Sweeden sound are In Flames, Soilwork, and At the Gates.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya continues her unique brand of music with this very impressive release. <br />At first glance, it may appear as though Enya has borrowed a little from previous releases, but it soon becomes apparent that she has built upon her previous efforts with much more imaginative and exciting arrangements than ever before. This is a lively, well-paced album with stand-out tracks including the mesmerisingly beautiful &quot;One by One&quot;, (reminiscent of &quot;the celts&quot;), &quot;Only Time&quot; and the lovely &quot;pilgrim&quot;. A Track cut from the album but equally as beautiful is the piano piece &quot;the promise&quot; - track it down if you can!<br />&quot;A Day without rain&quot; marks a new and welcomed chapter in Enya's unique career - well worth a listen!
B00000J7EI|5.0|The Gallery rules!  I find it superior to their latest Century Media release, Projector.  Dark Tranquility uses beautiful riffs, keyboard, acoustic guitar, and even clean vocals(including females voice) to create a unique effect.  Their talent and raw agression is displayed on The Gallery.  Definitly check this out.  Although my predecesor seems to disagree, some other bands accepted as carriers of the Gothenburg, Sweeden sound are In Flames, Soilwork, and At the Gates.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this album after hearing Emimem's Stan and of course the Roswell High theme song, and I am so glad that I did this has to be one of the best albums that I have ever brought. She has a fantastic voice and a original sound. I have told all my mates that if they only buy one album this year it has to be Dido's. All the tracks are brilliant an great to chill out too. My fav's are Hunter, Don't think of me, I'm no angel and Take my hand.
B00004Z459|3.0|so, when i first bought this cd i popped it in my car disc player on the way home from the mall, and thought to myself, &quot;wow, this is pretty weak&quot;.  <br />it doesn't have much low end thump or deep grooves, the lyrics are kinda juvenile trying to be emotional, it has some breaks in it with potential to rock, but then falls short.  the biggest suprise of all came on the songs where there is more singing than rapping.  dude, did they kidnap justin timberlake to come in and do vocals on this thing?  it sounds like n'sync tried to do a hardcore record.  <br />i will give it to these guys tho.  i listened to it a few more times, and some tunes did stick in my head.  i guess i can also say, i haven't really heard much out there like this b4. if they stick to this style, there is no doubt they will sell records, but they will probably be regarded as the backstreet boys of the rap/rock genre.
0060194995|5.0|To kill a mockingbird takes place in Macomb, Alabama. Maycomb is a quiet, innocent little town until one day when a Blackman raped a white woman. You follow the life Scout Finch, who is the young girl, she has a brother Jem, and their father is called Atticus and he is a lawyer. Their mom died when Scout and Jem were both young; therefore, Atticus have a black nanny called Calpurnia employed, who helps raising the children. During the book Atticus have to defend a Blackman, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a white woman, Mayella Butch, and in the times of the 1930ies a Blackman's word is worth nothing against a white man's. The Finch's has neighbour called Boo Radley, who Scout and Jem find quite scary and evil. But as the children get older and wiser they start to see things from other points of views and develop more understanding about. <br />After a couple of long pages the book became better and better. Things got placed where they belonged and you could feel how the life in Maycomb was like. I liked the description as I went along, it's not too short, so you don't understand anything, and at the same time not to long, so you don't fall asleep and the choice of word is thought-thorugh (as Lee went over it over and over again) but not to complicated. As the book discusses serious racial issues you see the view of it from two sides, one from the majority of the people in Maycomb and one from Scouts father, Atticus. Atticus is several times accused of being a \\"niggerlover\\", but he tells his children not to bother about it. Atticus is my own favourite characters because he has got a character, he has everything under control and keeps \\"cool\\" all the time. Every once in a while there is small things happening to the main characters that is nothing really special, but on a second though it teaches the reader about something.  about the characters in Maycomb, or about how they are in there minds. And of course, as usual, the book is better than the movie. I think the book is a very well written book and I would recommend it to anyone that has some spare time to dedicate to a work of art.
B000007VYV|5.0|this alnum is really awesome. i love the song everlong  the best it has so much word and stuff that i want to express to my bf that only this song casn do
B00004Y2QT|5.0|Prince fans have been waiting for another full live video since '87's classic 'Sign o Times' and this new VHS and DVD does not dissapoint. Prince is on cracking form throughout the video playing guitar, bass, keyboards and piano to an energetic non-stop selection of his greatest hits. Several guests add their input to Prince's already funky mix, the highlights being Lenny Kravitz (American Woman with horns !!!) jamming with Prince on 'American Woman'&amp; 'Fly Away', Maceo parker blowing his horn on 'Baby Knows' and Larry Grahams thunderous and skilled bass-playing throughout the show. Defying his age Prince dances, splits and commands the band with all the energy and enthusiasm that he displayed at the start of his career, and frankly puts his young pretenders to shame in terms of sheer talent, skill and vitality. The standout moments of this show however, have to be the gospel backed, climatic version of 'The Christ' (formerly known as The Cross, but changed to suit Prince's new beliefs) and the beautiful, heart-wrenching 'Nothing Compares To You' performed with soul diva Rosie Gaines. All in all a superb testament to Prince's muscianship and legendary career. Here's to the next millenium !.
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menace can't be judged as a film unto itself.  It is the beginning of a 12 hour mega epic.  It seems people forget this when they're looking for story and character development.  The beginning of a movie does'nt have character development.  All it is supposed to do is introduce the characters and set up the story.  The Phantom Menace succeeds in doing this.  Return of the Jedi didn't have much of a story or character development either.  It's not supposed to.  It's the conclusion of the story.  What happens in episodes II-V is what really matters. Anyone who understands story telling knows this, which are'nt the people who were dissapointed by The Phantom Menace.
6305358613|4.0|Most films featuring Elizabeth has focused on the mature queen, dealing with the threat of the Spanish Armada or the problematic presence of Mary Queen of Scots, so a film focusing on the young Elizabeth in the early days of her reign is certainly a worthwhile perspective.  Unlike 1953's &quot;Young Bess,&quot; where Jean Simmons' Elizabeth still had to contend with the daunting presence of Henry VIII (Charles Laughton reprising his Oscar winning role), &quot;Elizabeth&quot; presents a princess in danger of losing her life and a young Queen whose throne is very much at risk.<br />Cate Blanchet's performance has more depth than the scenes and dialogues allow.  What probably kept her from winning the Oscar was that she really does not have .  The closest is when she prepares for her speech to Parliament, which was certainly set up to be the moment where she proves her worthiness to the audience if not her people, but the scene does not provide the anticipated payoff.  Nor are there any choice lines that are burned into your mind while watching the film, although there certainly could have been something along the lines that everyone was so concerned with who her mother was that they forgot her father was Henry VIII.  Simply compare the opportunities Blanchet has in this film with what Katharine Hepburn was given in &quot;The Lion in Winter&quot; and you will see that this performance in &quot;Elizabeth&quot; transcends the limitations of the script.  The supporting cast features such illuminaries as John Gielgu and Richard Attenborough, but it is Geoffrey Rush, Christopher Eccleston and Jospeh Finnes who stand out and give the story its true gravity.<br />Shekhur Kapur's direction does not stand out as much as the art direction and costume design, which makes &quot;Elizabeth&quot; one of the most stunning period pieces since &quot;Restoration.&quot;  It is rather interesting that for the most part the good guys have traditional bears and semi-flowing locks while the bad guys have buzz cuts, which lend a severity to their appearances.  You do have nice symmetry between the opening of the film where the Protestant heretics are being shaved and the closing sequence where Elizabeth's own hair is shaved as she is transformed into the stunning Virgin Queen.<br />The DVD offers directors commentary from Kapur that is certainly above average as such things go and a making of &quot;Elizabeth&quot; featurette that is actually not as good as the notes in the enclosed booklet.  The film is more emotionally true than historically accurate, but Elizabeth Tudor is one of the most important figures in the political history of what would eventually become the American republic.  Hopefully watching this film will inspire you to find out more about her.ad guys have buzz cuts, which lend a severity to their appearances.  You do have nice symmetry between the opening of the film where the Protestant heretics are being shaved and the closing sequence where Elizabeth's own hair is shaved as she is transformed into the stunning Virgin Queen.  <br />The DVD offers directors commentary from Kapur that is certainly above average as such things go and a making of &quot;Elizabeth&quot; featurette that is actually not as good as the notes in the enclosed booklet.  The film is more emotionally true than historically accurate, but Elizabeth Tudor is one of the most important figures in the political history of what would eventually become the American republic.  Hopefully watching this film will inspire you to find out more about her.
0385484518|5.0|This is a great little book with sage advice on life's ultimate values.  Well written!  I'm buying copies for Christmas presents.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Director Ridley Scott (Alien) brings back the glory of the Roman Empire in the grand award-winning blockbuster \\"Gladiator\\". After years of loyal service to Rome, heroic Roman general Maximus (Russell Crowe) is awarded to become the next emperor of Rome but the emperor's jealous son (Joaquin Phoenix) betrays Maximus and sentences him to death. After escaping his execution, Maximus returns home and finds his family brutally murdered. Alone and broken, Maximus is enslaved and forced to the life of an arena gladiator. With his courage and skill, Maximus earns the admiration of the Roman public and rivals the authority of the new emperor. \\"Gladiator\\" is an astounding action-packed movie spectacle that ranks as one of the best movies of 2000. \\"Gladiator\\" contains a powerful story, moving performances and a rich music score. The action sequences are truly spectacular. Russell Crowe delivers a powerful performance as the larger-than-life hero Maximus. The fine cast also includes Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi, Djimon Hounsou, Richard Harris and Oliver Reed in his final film role.<br /><br />\\"Gladiator\\" 2-disc Signature Edition is certainly one terrific must-have DVD. The award-winning epic picture is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen format. Its picture quality is flawless and simply fantastic. The Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is excellent but the DTS sound delivers a remarkable home theater experience. The DVD is full of extras including a detailed audio commentary by director Ridley Scott and production crew, twelve deleted scenes, theatrical trailers, the informative 25-minute \\"Making of Gladiator\\" documentary, the 50-minute \\"Gladiator Games\\" featurette, storyboards, picture galleries and appealing interactive DVD menus. Overall, \\"Gladiator\\" Signature Edition is one of the year's best DVDs and scores a definite \\"A\\".
B00001NFCY|4.0|I bought this CD because of &quot;Higher&quot; which i thought was agreat song!  The Best Tracks on This album are &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;Say I&quot;, &quot;Never Die&quot; and &quot;Higher&quot;. i don't really like with arms wide open because it is to soft and i am sort of tired of hearing it. But Overall This album has some Good Heavy Rock Music accompagnied by some inspiring Lyrics. Creed plays Very well but on this album they did Not Re-invent the Wheel, so even if the sound might sound similar on some songs it's still a Good album to own.
0684853523|5.0|Steven King's done it again!  He has always been my mentor for the craft of writing, now he is my writing god!  His book was the topic of today's conversation at my writers group, as we read selected portions for our monthly writing assignments.  He sent us off with toothbrushes to uncover our next writing gems.<br />I had been despairing at ever finding the plot of my writing project.  The characters keep telling me things and sharing little vignettes, but they haven't told me the plot.  I was encouraged and relieved to learn Steven's opinions about plotting a novel....Now, armed with my toothbrush, I plan to lay in wait for the boogers to accidently reveal all!
0790741164|5.0|Clay Shaw, as it turns out was indeed an employee of the CIA and perjured himself on the stand multiple times during the Garrison trial. In 1979, five years after Shaw's death and 10 years after the trial, Richard Helms of the CIA admits to this. That is hardly an innocent man and when it comes to something as important as the assasination of the President, it becomes even more alarming. Do not try to make a martyr out of Shaw. He may have been a patsy just as Oswald, but he was far from an innocent. This movie is a masterpiece of movement, ideas and structure. The images flow in and out so fast, its impossible to fully digest them all in one sitting. This movie makes you think, and think hard, about those in power and the measures they will take to keep that power. See it and judge for yourself. I dont believe all the paranoia that infiltrates this movie, I but there are a LOT of odd things that go on that are utterly convincing to support the theory of a conspiracy. Any intelligent person who understands physics and watches the film of President Kennedy being shot knows that Oswald could not possibly have made the fatal shot. By definition, unquestionably, there was a conspiracy. As Donald Sutherland's character asked....why would someone want Kennedy killed.....who benefited....who had the power to cover it up....those three questions lead to some very powerful conclusions. In any case, a riveting movie every American should see at least once, if not more.
0684853523|5.0|Door open.......... As a longtime reader of Stephen King's novels, I was pleasantly suprised by his latest offering. A memior/instructional book on writing. The book is seperated into three parts. The first part of it roughly (very roughly) sketches Stephen Kings early years. His childhood, high school, college and beyond are layed out like snapshots of his early life. This part quite entertaining, informative  and quite honest. It really helps you understand where Mr. king has come from. What he's gone through and obstacles he's ovecome. <br />The second part of on writing, the real meat and potatoes of it deals with the  craft, mechanics and business of writing. He covers mostly all of the basics from grammar, syntax  and dialogue to ,description,theme and style. He does so in a very straighforward  but non-pretentious manner. Also On writing is not from  pat yourself on the back writers book school which gives the writer pie in the sky, unrealistic expectations and unworthy praise. King's lessons and advice are almost the exact opposite, more like tough love.  His Hemmingway like advice, is basically place your backside firmly to the seat and write is a real change of pace from the wait until inspiration arrives , write whenever you feel like it books. But he's not all tough talk and simple solutions. I found his door closed, door open philosophy to be the most important advice to aspiring writers.<br />The final part of on writing deals with Stephen kings accident and recovery. It was interesting to know how seriously injured he was after his accident. He notes that writing this book helped save his life. <br />There is also a short piece of writing by him that he uses to show how and what  he edits. It shows you thaty even best selling novelists need to edit. There is also a recommended reading list attached. Spread throught On.. is Kings trademark dry wit which makes this book not only informative but very readable and enjoyable. On writing is essential for all  Stephen King fans and would be writers. Door close.....
B000051VWW|4.0|Where can a music listener go these days to hear mature, intelligent and well played music? Searching the radio and tv only leads to the latest fads in music and it seems many people have forgotten what craft means. Now music is so manufactured and geared towards specific audiences, limiting diversity and making new music listeners ignorant of what's come before. Enter Sade's new cd &quot;Lovers Rock&quot;. Right from the opening track &quot;By Your Side&quot; you feel rewarded for having waited 8 years to hear this kind of music again. Of course, Sade hasn't changed much, but that's just as much a positive as it is a negative. Positive because even though she hasn't changed her sound much it's that sound that sets her apart from many of today's r&amp;b acts--she has her own identity and groove, and that's refreshing. Negative due to the fact that Sade has the tendency to not vary her sound too much on each cd. She never breaks into an impassioned frenzy but rather tends to keep is smooth and mellow and at times sad. Yet, &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; has enough variance to keep the listener interested. On &quot;Slave Song&quot; she breaks out the reggae beats which she hasn't covered before--and to nice effect. In a year with slim musical choices and satisfaction Sade's &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is a welcome relief.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I really want to like this CD, but I have a hard time doing it.  I'll start with what's good.  The Gate is a great track that flows wonderfully into Push the Limits.  The Gravity of Love is another remarkable track, as is the invigorating Silence Must be Heard.  I actually also thought that Modern Crusaders, and its shorter cousin track Camera Obscura were decent as well.<br />The rest, though, is absolute filler.  It is as if one tune will really get you going, and then the next just begs skipping.  If only every track on this CD was as great as the first three - then'd this would be something foreboding and magnificent.
B000051VWW|5.0|Having been a fan of Sade's since she first started singing, I was more than excited to find out she had a new recording out.  Eight years was a long time, but well worth the wait!!
B00003CXDG|3.0|M:I2 is a very impressive movie but the sequences and the plot are all so very simple...boy meets girl..boy falls in love with girl..viceversa..bad guy enters..boy protects girl.. Simple...
B00000ILDF|5.0|Why is this movie so good? Because it's totally different and original to any other movie (including it's 2 predecessors). Not only is the story original, but the style of the film is unique. The movie is atmospheric and has a feel all it's own, successfully portraying a very harsh and lonley environment, but in an artistic way. The Alien is new too, designed by the Original Alien artist H.R Giger. This (I believe) is the first time a computer generated alien has been used and it looks the best, most realistic (by a big margin) out of any of the 4 movies. The computer generated alien producesses complex movements and runs about on the ceiling like a creepy insect, none of which has been seen before.<br />The new Alien brings back the 'scaryness' that the original Alien has lost.<br />The acting (by everyone) is, simply, brilliant, and there are some funny scenes of subtle black-comedy. There is also good chemestry between the actors, with a good blend of English and Americans. The director, David Fincher has done an exceptional job. Everything combined makes one special movie.
B00003CXDG|5.0|OK, this ain't Olivier doing Richard III.  Still, I found the plot reasonably complex without being confusing.  I thought the romance was well done--with both Cruise and Newton coming across as intelligent and sincere--and Woo gives us a VERY atmospheric rendition of their meeting.  Dougray Scott was great as the villain, and I thought he displayed an intellect on par with the IMF team--he never fully trusted Nyah, and he was one step ahead of Cruise when he broke into the pharmaceutical company.  Great cameo by Hopkins, awesome cinematography throughout, and a decent score.  And as far as the action goes--this is vintage Woo.  The motorcycle chase is completely fantastic.  The opening climb is awesome--and the hand to hand and gun fights are Woo doing what he does best(doves included, of course).  Another thing that I liked about this movie is that it was PG-13, and thus a lot of the violence was toned down.  I can understand the point of graphic violence in a movie like Schindler's List or Platoon--but in a summer popcorn action movie, what's the point?  I appreciated the fact that this movie focused a lot more on atmosphere and mind-blowing action rather than the sadistic and graphic violence that seems so common in most action movies today.  This movie doesn't aspire to be a serious artistic statement--but for a summer movie/DVD action-fest---it rules!<br />As far as the DVD goes--the extras are fantastic.  Tom Cruise certainly did some pretty dangerous stuff doing this film, and all the different stunt coordinators commented on how he really put himself out there for this film--to the point that Woo admits that he was often terrified that Cruise was going to die and he was going to get blamed!  Also, the Ben Stiller parody is totally hilarious--I've watched that about 5 times already.  Great Metallica video, and nice commentary by John Woo.  A great DVD overall.
B000051VWW|5.0|I'm not one of those people who waited 8 years for Sade to come out with a new album, but recently wondered &quot;what ever happened to Sade?&quot;  I got an answer, finding &quot;Lovers Rock.&quot; Sade's back, and this is a great CD.  Sade has always had one &quot;standout&quot; per CD, starting with &quot;Smooth Operator.&quot;  This CD begins with its standout, &quot;By Your Side.&quot;  This is one of the most romantic, incredible songs of the year!  It's the kind of song that people falling in love will call their song.  It's a classic!  Like Sade.
B000002U82|5.0|I notice a reviewer gave this album only 4.5 stars [out of 5]and felt compelled to write in response.  This is an album for the those who appreciate rock not for its volume or its pace, but for is ability to consume the listener completely transporting the mind to an altogether different and incredible place.  This album is not a group experience.  It is to be best enjoyed with earphones and eyes closed.  Set some time aside, have a glass of wine or some such thing, and listen to the whole thing straight through.  It is the closest you will come to an out of body experience.  Devine.
B00000IOSU|5.0|On her CD 'Mirrorball,' Sarah McLachlan brings back songs from her previous albums on this live recording that is a prime example of her range in both songwriting and singing. The enthusiastic audience and the absence of studio touchups give her hauntingly beautiful music new life. Included on this CD is the hard to come by 'I Will Remember You,' a song that became a hit after its 1998 release. From beginning to end, 'Mirrorball' is as impressive as, if not more than, her past albums.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles 1 is an excellent compilation of the better tracks from an erratic band.  If this is your first purchase of the Beatles' work, you are in luck, because you won't have to purchase much more, except possibly Abbey Road (where this CD only offers two tracks, leaving out &quot;Here Comes the Sun and the Side 2). On the positive side, Beatles 1 leaves out all of the erratic, random, self-indulgence of The White Album, the weak array of songs on Sgt. Pepper, and many of McCartney's sappy ballads (like &quot;Michelle&quot;).  On the negative side, two valuable tracks are used up by &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; and &quot;the Ballad of John &amp; Yoko&quot;, and could have been put to much better use.<br />Although given a lot of credit for influence, insightful rock music observers have noted the Beatles' consistent dodging and darting; first emulating Chuck Berry and Little Richard, then the Beach Boys, Byrds and Dylan, then finally the early hard rockers like Hendrix and Cream, even enlisting Clapton on the White Album. At the end, the group simply had no staying power, and called it quits as they were falling out of favor in the 70s(note the weak, weak solo efforts), being displaced the stronger British bands like the Who, the Stones and Led Zeppelin, and the emerging U.S. rockers like Creedence Clearwater Revival.<br />This is not only a great starter, it's fully half of what you need as far as the Bealtes.  Just buy this and Abbey Road and you're done.  All for the price of the White Album!  5-stars.
0671646788|5.0|This is one of my top ten favorite books. The first time I read it I was in high school. I vividly remember putting Schwartz's practical advice to work--including improving my posture and writing a 30 second commercial. Time invested reading this book will be multiplied many times over.
0399146253|4.0|I'll be the first to admit that the tone of this latest novel is different from the others in the series, but it is still faithful to the characters and was more enjoyable than 'Black Notice'.  Having read several negative reviews here before I started reading, I was worried I was in for a long, boring haul.  Luckily, I disagreed with many of the reviews and found myself happily immersed in Scarpetta's life once again.<br />'The Last Precinct' picks up immediately where 'Black Notice' ended.  Kay Scarpetta has lived through an attack by Jean-Baptiste Chandonne, the &quot;werewolf&quot; from France.  But her troubles surrounding the case are just beginning.  She finds herself a suspect in the murder of Diane Bray, one of the werewolf's victims.  Scarpetta is forced to leave the comforts of her home, distrusts almost everyone she comes in contact with, and has to face some painful truths about the past.  <br />Scarpetta is almost a different character here.  For the most part, the strong-willed, driven woman we know and love is gone.  She is emotionally wrought, exhausted, suspicious, depressed.  It seems she is only now coming to accept Benton's death and we get more glimpses of her thoughts and feelings as she talks with her friend (a therapist) Anna Zenner.  This introspection and honesty is new for both Scarpetta and for the reader as well.  There is not as much action in this novel, but the suspense is high, the pace is set well, and not once did I find myself bored.  <br />Of course, Marino and Lucy show up here as always, but this is mainly Scarpetta's book.  The forensic science is present, the Italian cooking here and there but taking a back burner (pun intended) for now, and the continuity exceptional.  Chandonne, Diane Bray, Benton, Jay Talley, Carrie Grethen, and several other names from the past are weaved throughout the story seamlessly.  <br />The ending is the best I've read from Cornwell in awhile;  exciting, surprising, and conclusive.  We are not left hanging badly.  While 'The Last Precinct' is different from what we are used to from Scarpetta, it is worth the time and is a great read.
B0000009RX|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums, the first MOI album I ever heard about 30 (!) years ago. I won't rehash what's already been said in praise, but please be forwarned that the CD reissue is not the original mix of WOIFTM. I understand that the original master tapes were damaged as a result of improper storage by (....) For the reissue on CD (The LP had been out of print for about 10 years), Zappa rerecorded the drums and bass. He also played around quite a bit with the mix. Some tracks sound significantly faster (&quot;Concentration Moon&quot; and &quot;Let's Make the Water Turn Black&quot;) and Roy Estrada's falsetto is much more prominent. On the other hand, many of the passages that Verve censored and ended up backwards on the original have been restored. Much of the background chatter and noises are more audible on the CD version. <br />You need a sense of humor, an interest in the times, and an ability to enjoy freewheeling experimentation and general craziness to enjoy this album. Unlike later Zappa and MOI albums (with the exception of the Flo and Eddie period, for example) the emphasis is not primarily musical. The first three MOI albums expressed and helped create the cultural upheaval in rock music that occurred in the mid to late sixties (their first two predated Sgt. Pepper).<br />Pay what ever you have to to get the original, but get this one, too.
6305181772|4.0|Nitpickers be warned: as with many spy movies, the best of Bond included, realism is not Mission: Impossible's long suit.  Some complain that the plot is confusing, but it's all there if you pay careful attention to the twists and double-crosses.  If you just go with the story and have fun with it and not get bogged down thinking about what is and isn't realistic, MI is well done and well worth seeing.  It holds up well in repeated viewings, making a video purchase worth considering rather than just a one-time rental.   MI has a strong cast; yeah, okay, Tom Cruise does overact in a couple brief segments, on the first pay phone and in the restaurant, but is otherwise very good, as is the rest of the cast.  Other highlights include direction by Brian DePalma that builds the tension and peaks effectively, and convincing special effects and stunts.  MI doesn't have the visual pizazz and striking cinematography of the sequel, but I prefer it overall to MI2, hurt by John Woo's direction of fighting and chase scenes, too much over the top for me.  (I can \\"go with\\" MI and enjoy it; I can't do that with the fights and chases that comprise the second half of MI2.) <br />Specifically as to the DVD edition, MI got a very good video transfer.  There's a 2.35:1 widescreen version; at this ratio, you'll probably want a large-screen or widescreen TV to prefer the widescreen to the included and well-framed pan-and-scan version (on 27\\" and under, the widescreen image is too small); the colors and detail in the video transfer are quite good.   Soundtrack choices include a terrific English Dolby Digital 5.1 track that really rocks the house on a good sound system (there is no DTS track here), an English Dolby Surround track, and a French language track in Dolby Surround.  English and Spanish subtitles can be superimposed.  There's a trailer, but no special features.  Four stars both for the film and for the DVD transfer, a reasonable value.
0064407667|5.0|This tragic, but unbearably funny novel for youngsters is the first of a series entitled A Series of Unfortunate Events.   Frankly, it's almost embarrassing finding oneself giggling uncontrollably at the misfortunes of the Baudelaire orphans.   The story begins when they are informed by charmingly distracted Mr. Poe that their parents have been killed in a house fire which has destroyed everything the considerable family fortune had purchased for them.   Things go from pretty dismal to astoundingly worse as the children are eventually trucked to live with a shirttail relative named Count Olaf who even attempts to marry fourteen year-old Violet to get her inheritance.   This is a great book (and promising series) for young readers (adults as well) with highly developed sense of irony.   There's even a marvelous, if ultimately tragic, scene involving pasta puttanesca.
B0000026CN|5.0|My favourite blues/rock album by far. Carlos shows us his mastery of the art on this fantastic album Every track has the spunk and energy mixed with the soulful clarity of the master on his guitar that set Santana apart from the pack.  This is an album imbued with true genius. The energy and passion for music shines from it forming a sharp contrast to the trash pumped out in profusion today .If you had enough of puerile boy bands or soulless remixes then sink your teeth into something with substance. This is not fast food music. It is timeless and people will enjoy of it for decades to come.<br />The track that sums up the spirit of this album the best according to me is &quot;Now That You Know&quot; An impromptu jam from  a live performance during a northeast tour of the USA in 1985. It mingles hard rock rhythms with an eastern contemplativeness that so exemplifies Carlos Santana's' work<br />Don't hang around go and get it!
0451169514|3.0|There is nothing wrong with this book that snipping out 700 pages wouldn't fix.  Indulgent.
B00004XQP4|3.0|It's an old story: punk rockers grow up, play acoustic guitars, slow down the tempos, and the fans get irate. Well, there's no reason to. Warning is a mostly successful stylistic shift that finds Billie Joe's lyrics growing increasingly introspective. <br />In fact, the few songs that ascribe to the...acerbic wit (Warning, Fashion Victim) that worked so sell on  Dookie are the least interesting songs here.  The best songs (Church on Sunday, Deadbeat Holiday, Hold On, Waiting) are mostly introspective and moderately tempoed. Several songs sound simple upon initial listen but repeated listenings reveal subtelty in both the lyrics and the arrangements. Case in point is the first single, Minorty. <br />The overall sound is cleaner: more acoustic guitars, cleaner and less fuzzy electrics. To my ears this collection recalls some of the best power pop of the last twenty years: the wit of Cheap Trick, the acoustic/electric mix of the Lemonheads, the insightful lyrics of Westerberg.<br />I wanted to give this CD 3.5 stars, so I'll give it 3 here and try to post a 4 star review some other time.
B00004XONN|3.0|After the mind blowing masterpeice of OK Computer Radiohead challenge our minds again but this time stretch our minds even further.<br />Upon first listening Kid A is absolutely awful but after half a dozen listens you finally see what Radiohead are trying to get at.<br />Opening with one of the better songs on the album,Everyhing In its right place is a real grower. Strange lyrics &quot;Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon&quot; but a nice tune especially listened over headphones as you hear the noises on one side and the tune on the other.<br />Next is the title track which is one of those unlistenble tracks which pop up frequently on Kid A. Thoms voice is strangely done and extreamly complex for any normal human being.<br />The National Anthems has a brilliant bass line and you can here the tune which is pretty well done.<br />How to dissapear is the first use of guitar on the album and its one of the best songs radiohead have ever done.Quite lengthy but still a masterpiece.<br />Treefingers goes back to being strange and unlistenable but this improves when Optimistic comes up full on rock guitar,Bizzare lyrics,this song could have fitted on OK Computer which is a good thing.Absolutely brilliant.<br />Unfortunatly it goes downhill from here with each song being unlistenable untill we reach Motion Picture soundtrack which has that beuty which all closing tracks should have. This songs better live but it's still superb here. That closing lyric sends a shiver down your spine with &quot;I will See you in the next life&quot; because quite frankly have left this world far far behind.
0345350499|4.0|I really love this book.  Bradley is able to conjure up wonderful characters and to build upon them and make them come alive.  The land of Avalon and its mystical beauty and the sadness of its disappearing weave a tale that is captivating and enjoyable.<br />I love the stories of Arthur I have read and telling it from the perspective of women does nothing to diminish its beauty and power and mythical quality.  Clearly Bradley has done a LOT of research and was able to work into the story some of the real myths that have been told of the Arthurian legend.<br />As a Christian myself, I must say that there is one negative to the story.  As much as I like it for what it was, this is a clearly anti-Christian book.  I don't say this lightly or often, but Bradley consistently makes all Christians in the book fanatical, uncaring, manipulative, intolerant or all traits combined.  I can think of no positive Christian character in the book - meaning someone who WANTS to claim a Christian faith.  Arthur claims Christianity, but when he does, he is not painted as a very likeable guy.  I think Mists has a major flaw in this respect.  Bradley takes a pseudo-religion (meaning, part real and part her creation) religion of the Goddess and challenges Christianity - a real faith - with it.  I find this uncomfortable and unfair.<br />With that said, I was still riveted to the story.  Bradely is a very gifted author who is one of the best fantasy narrators around.  Even with my discomfort, I recommend this book to anyone.
0064407667|5.0|This tragic, but unbearably funny novel for youngsters is the first of a series entitled A Series of Unfortunate Events.   Frankly, it's almost embarrassing finding oneself giggling uncontrollably at the misfortunes of the Baudelaire orphans.   The story begins when they are informed by charmingly distracted Mr. Poe that their parents have been killed in a house fire which has destroyed everything the considerable family fortune had purchased for them.   Things go from pretty dismal to astoundingly worse as the children are eventually trucked to live with a shirttail relative named Count Olaf who even attempts to marry fourteen year-old Violet to get her inheritance.   This is a great book (and promising series) for young readers (adults as well) with highly developed sense of irony.   There's even a marvelous, if ultimately tragic, scene involving pasta puttanesca.
B00004XOWM|5.0|i've been a bizkit fan for quite some time now, i can safely say this is the best i've heard. three dollar bill y'all was amazing, still is and always will be. while significant other wasn't groundbreaking, it had some decent tracks but wasn't what i'd expected after such an amzing debut album. chocolate starfish has shown me that limp bizkit still rule, despite all these 'so called' music experts saying its crap due to the fact limp bizkit have 'sold out'. to tell you the truth i never ever had that impression, nor have i ever had the impression that its all about fred durst, and i think it hasn't affected the quality of music if that is the case. wes is amazing, and has some incredible guitar pieces. dj lethal also lives up to his name and delivers several class performances, particularily on 'my generation'. he has also created the best 'chill out' tune i've heard this year, which is after boiler. only lasts a minute, but is excellent. there are two tracks which i avoid, which is 'hold on' which i don't like because the chorus is more akin to a blur track. and also 'getcha groove on' which has a general beat which annoys me, although it clearly shows fred has some decent rapping skills. Rollin (urban assault vehicle) is also a very good track, featuring some of my favorite rappers, who, like fred, fail to disapoint. the other tracks are all great, with some lyrics that you'll be repeating for ages. there is a lot of swearing (hot dog, a song with an incredible intro delivered by wes borland's guitar, is a song totally based on the f word. repeated very constantly throughout the whole song, but i like it anyway), many people have critisized limp bizkit for this but i don't see how this makes the album rubbish as they think it has. Livin' it up, my generation, full nelson, rollin (air raid assault vehicle), my way and boiler are all extremely good, and should be up there with the best tracks three dollar bill y'all offered. This album has literally become an obsession with me, i can't stop listening to it, just like i can't stop listening to three dollar bill y'all. one of, if not the best album so far this year. a must buy.
0881030775|5.0|The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is one of my most beloved tales from childhood.  I have read it at least a dozen times.  C.S. Lewis took me into the fantasy land of Narnia with Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy, Aslan, the White Witch, and all the other characters.  I would sit for hours and read it over and over, reliving every tiny detail.  This is one of the best books I have ever read as a child.  I would recommend it for all kids, of any age!!  I have not read 4 of the other book in the series, but plan on buying and reading them as soon as I can get my hands on them and starting from the beginning again!!
B00004U8H4|4.0|The title may throw you but this is not some cut 'em up horror flick.  I was laughing out loud when I saw this film and the evilness of Bateman (Bale) was so quirky that it made his character likeable, well as likeable as a murderer can be. The way the yuppie lifestyle is portrayed is pure genius and great performances by all especially Bale and Defoe make this film a wonderful black comedy.  This movie may be criticsized for making people insensitive to murder and somehow glamourizing serial killings but this glamourization is essential in capturing the sociopathic nature of the character in such an egocentric time in America's history.  If you buy this film you will be thoroughly pleased.  Side note: For an even deeper disection of the mind of the yuppie serial killer read the novel American Psycho, you wont be able to put it down.
0792846710|5.0|Killer Klowns Is a incredable movie full of fun and excitmen,you should buy this movie as soon as you can! You should ge bothe the Spanish version and the new reraliece version so that you will almost have all the versions. The are three versions of this movie. In the movie stares everions bad cop John Vernon as Officer Moony. Ther are other movies whith him in them but not as great as this one! This is the only movie that I whatch. The Klowns in this movie are so nasty looking. Thers many cool seans in this movie. You should get this movie before the sequal comes out. I hope you get a chance to see this movie. They dont sho it on the Sci-fi channel much eney more. you'll only see it maby once or twice a year. Its vary rare! buy it now! Well hope you by it now!           See ya!
0684853523|4.0|Books on the craft of writing and memoirs are alike in being prone to self-indulgence and wankery, as some writer tries to justify his career and/or life.  Stephen King, who has always to my taste been better at non-fiction than at fiction, avoids the pitfalls laid by pretension at the feet of the reflective.  Only in the last section did I find any trace of self-centeredness, and considering the subject matter there is the car accident that nearly killed the author not very long ago, some lapses are certainly understandable!<br />King's recounting of his life and career are fascinating and vividly told, and for the most part his advice on writing is laid out in the form of 'this is what is right for me' rather than 'this is THE right way'.  Where he does dogmatize, he falters.  But he falters very rarely for a writer that many people would condemn as a hack.
0399146253|1.0|This book is advertising copy--for those hundreds of products so skillfully named-- disguised as a novel!  Boring rhetoric without depth, intrigue, mystery, much less excitement.  I struggled to the end still expecting some unexpected twist.  What a waste!  Another great author has succumbed to mediocrity.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I saw this movie a while ago with a whole bunch of my friends and we laughed all the time.  Their are so many jokes and only a couple of them are stupid.  The people who say the jokes only appeal to the 'stupider' or 'low-brow' audiences are just to stupid to understand them.  Overall, it's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  I dropped it to a 4 though because a couple jokes fell flat. Oh, and there was two much male nudity and not enough female nudity. That's all. Bye.
B00003CWL6|3.0|How cruel to mention the outtakes several times during the commentary by Sam Mendes and Alan Ball, and yet not to include them in the DVD.  What were the publishers thinking?<br />Anyway, great movie, worth buying the DVD, but where are those blasted outtakes?
B00000AFHM|4.0|I couldn't stop listening to this disc.  It was given to me as a gift for my birthday, and I had to hear it over and over -- so much so that the giver refused to listen any more (for a while).<br />As a point of comparison, I like R.E.M. (from &quot;Murmur&quot; to &quot;New Adventures in Hi-Fi&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;), Elliot Smith (&quot;XO&quot;), The Beach Boys (&quot;Pet Sounds&quot;), The Cure (&quot;Head on the Door&quot;) and other classics in &quot;mope rock.&quot;<br />Belle and Sebastian evoke elements of The Smiths, 60s psychedelic folk rock and, as I recently learned from an NPR sound review, Nick Drake.<br />If you like any of the above artists (and, in particular, the works cited), and have not tried Belle and Sebastian, you owe it to yourself to listen.
B000000IUZ|4.0|Well what can I say, I mean like all SY I love it, just not all the time, there are some classics on the CD, Dirty Boots is always a good ride, there`s even a small freak out in the form of Scooter+Jinx, but on the whole Goo just doesn`t have the punch of some other sonice youth. Not without it`s gems, but for me there`s a definite limit to replaying Kool Thing on the CD player. It`s SY, if you like `em you`ll buy it and you`ll probably like it.
B00004T9AS|2.0|Anyone fond of Mike Oldfield's other work, whether instrumental or song-based albums, will be disappointed by this one.  The songs are generally bland with Mike's usual strong melodies conspicuous by their absence.<br />Only 'Holy' sung by Adrian Belew and 'Blue Night' sung by then  Oldfield regular Maggie Reilly show glimpses of the inventiveness and tunefulness Mike usually delivers. <br />It just sounds like his heart wasn't in it - subsequent releases Amarok and Tubular Bells II suggest he was storing up his energies for later projects.
B00004XMVL|4.0|Have you seen this film: a merchant cryo-ship makes an emergency landing on an inhospitable planet.  The reluctant female leader and her shipmates encounter mysterious signs of former human habitation and devastating carnage.  They soon discover that the planet swarms with ravenous razor-fanged nocturnal carnivores. As the bodycount rises, the survivors demonstrate individual acts of courage, compassion, cowardice, betrayal, and resourcefulness.  No, it's not &quot;Aliens&quot;, but this low-budget Aussie film definitely owes a great deal to that series.  And that's not necessarily a bad thing.  There are some unexpected twists to this story, including a prolonged eclypse of the three suns which plunges the planet into extended night.  Let the hunt and the fun begin!  As it happens, the predators are physically harmed by light, so survival becomes dependant on finding a dependable power source.  The stranded spacefarers are a sympathetic bunch and the menacing antihero played by Vin Diesel is a compelling character even if he does remind me of the WWF's &quot;The Rock&quot;.  The carnage in this movie is particularly visceral, and you realize there's gonna be no mercy when a cute little boy falls prey to the predatory pack.  Sci-fi audiences are very critical when it comes to plot plausability, and this one can be dismembered as remorselessly as its predators' human prey. But watch it for the action and suspense and cinematography and effects, and you won't be disappointed at all.  This is one I want for my home collection.
0060235152|5.0|Very fun book overall.  My 17-month old adores zoo animals and loves Eric Carle's books in general.  She acts out the activities with the animals.  Yes, some are hard for a baby/toddler to discern on her own, but this is part of the joy of reading this book WITH your child.  It allows you to be actively involved in the book along with the child.
B00000JCRH|5.0|I don't want to write something big because I know for myself that when somenoe sees something very big just pass by without reading. So, all I want to say is that this is a great Cd. If you own it you'll understand me, if not after you hear this Cd you'll want to became a Metallica fan just like me. You'll became fanatic just listening to the first songs, and when you'll reach the end of the album you'll feel so metallic in you that you'll run to a store an buy all the oder albuns.
B000002IZ4|4.0|A suprisingly good album, with the singles Vasoline, Interstate Love Song, and the Power Ballad: Big Empty. With 12 Gracious Melodies (as the back of the CD says) including the odd, but good, bonus track. Meat Plow is good, STP rock. As is Vasoline. Lounge Fly is a liitle different, courtosey of some untradional drum and guitar playing. Interstate Love Song's jangly guitars may take a few listens to be appriciated. Likewise,  Still Remains is an aquired taste. Pretty Penny REALLY sounds like Polly from Nirvana's Nevermind, but with it's accoustic sound and catchy beat, it's very good. Silvergun Superman &amp; &quot;Unglued&quot; are both hard rock and very good. Big Empty is also quite good, highlighting Dean DeLeo's slide quitair and Scott Weiland's Trying-not-to-sound-like-Eddie Vedder's voice. Army Ants has a physicadelic intro, but eventually turns into fast hard rock. Kitchenware &amp; Candybars is another power ballad. My Second Album is a suprise I shall not spoil. Thanks to the afformentioned Stott and Dean, Robert DeLeo's bass and Eric Krets's drumming, with the DeLeo brothers writing most of the songs, this album is very cool.
006109594X|3.0|I haven't even finished reading this book yet.  A few people dismissed it simply becaue most of the characters are white &amp; male.  As an active-duty Air Force Sergeant, I thought I'd point a few things out.  1st, women very rarely make it to the general/admiral ranks for one simple reason.  Women aren't allowed in combat roles, which is a law mandated by the US Congress, NOT the US military.  As the movie GI Jane pointed out, without combat experience, without medals and commendations for heroism, valor and whatnot, it's going to be hard to win a promotion slot against a combat vet with a chest full of medals.  Would you follow a battle plan devised by someone who had never been in combat and had no combat experience? Would you? As for the racial issue, there are many minorities in the military, but they are mostly in the enlisted ranks and there are few in the officer ranks (which ALL pilots and ship captains are), even fewer as rated pilots.  Why?  I have no idea. That's just the way it is.  Life is not fair.
6305165912|4.0|I _really_ enjoyed this movie the first time I saw it. It has extremely likeable characters and a very perculiar plotline (Which I usually enjoy.) The only reason I had to give it 4/5 stars was because I simply didn't enjoy myself all that much on second wieving. But it is still a brilliant movie.
B000051VWW|5.0|For every emotion and mood there is a song goddess. For the broken hearted street sista &quot;catchin hell&quot; there's Mary J. Blige, for the jazzed out romantic, there's Anita Baker, for the outspoken, take-no-mess diva, there's Aretha Franklin, for the conscious groove there's Erykah Badu and Jill Scott, and of course for the rainy nights of isolated individuals or on and off again lovers just the same, there's always been Sade. And she is back. <br />Lover's Rock picks up where Love Deluxe left off, with Sade's melting, haunting vocals over smooth, beautiful tracks that ignite passion, pain, and everything in between. &quot;By Your Side&quot; opens this passage into the soul and with each song, it cuts deeper and deeper. This is classic Sade but it's also Sade's who has grown lyrically and musically. She delivers the gospel of the heart. The moodiness of the mind. And the mysteries of the spirit all in one. Creating an endless experience. An album that'll be played as much as you played Love Deluxe and Love is Stronger Than Pride. <br />No one brings the passion to music like Sade. She's like the remedy to your loneliness, the counselor to your difficult relationship, and the sermon to your dreams.<br />Rock on.
6304696566|3.0|The Searchers was a pretty good movie in many ways and this DVD edition is nicely made. They obviously went to great pains to digitally recapture the original color and sound of this film.<br />I've never much cared for John Wayne movies, but this film transcends its era in some ways. The characters, particularly Wayne's, are devoid of the smarmy, sickeningly goody-goody, politically correct personalities that most westerns featured in the 40's and 50's. I see what the critics mean when they refer to The Searchers as a precursor to the Spaghetti Westerns of the late sixties and later Clint Eastwood's more hardy, morally ambiguous westerns.<br />A family is attacked (and mostly killed) by a Native American tribe and their daughter (played by a young Natalie Wood) is adopted by the tribe. Things that I don't like: as usual in this era, Native Americans are cast as the villains with little in the way to show that atrocities between whites and Native Americans was a two-way street; also the casting of white actors as Native Americans always annoys me, but it was the convention of the times and if you can get past it, there's still a good movie to be enjoyed!<br />The film also deals with some other interesting phenomenons: obsession, racism and the Stockholm Syndrome. The outdoor shots (in Monument Valley, IIRC) are pretty stunning, too! Worth seeing despite some of the dated conventions used to make the film.
0393316041|5.0|This is the best book I've ever read. It is not only very funny, but gives you a lot of wisdom and insights.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I first saw this movie a couple of years ago. And I thought it was really great, but unfortionately my dim-whitted brother messed up the tape. So I didn't see this movie again since recently. It was even better than I remembered. It has it all. Greataction which still does not manage to steal the picture from the main issue of the film, which is an italian hit man, and an orphan named Matilda. I think it is one of the only sad film which didn't have me smiling or indiffrent in the end.
B00000K19E|5.0|What is the Matrix?!? - A Quite Amazing film. The Story line being quite complex however, so you might have to sit down and watch this one a few times. I have seen this film so many times I have lost count, The effects in the film are so outstanding they will blow you away. One of the stand out effects for me was Bullet time - never been seen before except on Japenese films, Andy and Larry Wachowski (Bound) really push the computer effects to the limit when Neo (Keanu Reeves) decides to dodge bullets fired from an enemy gun.     The Story line basically goes like this. A computer Hacker named Allias Neo (Keanu Reeves) is searching for the question, the question is &quot;What is the Matrix?&quot;, he thinks that when he finds the answer to this it will make sense of his life.     Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) Is the comander of a ship who is searching for the one, now he has found Neo he thinks that his search is over.
630575067X|1.0|I am a huge Star Wars fan, but found TPM totally, unbeliveably disgusting. I hate it. The plot is weak, and there is too much of technology without a 'human' element which so beautifully adored all the three films of the trilogy. The movie feels completely mechanical. The appearance of the Queen is repelling, and Darth Maul, far from looking dangerous, appears more like a painted clown (oh - can any one match the personality of Darth Vader?) Jar Jar Binks is absolutely out of place, and Lucas screwed this movie for Jar Jar, if not for anything else. He does not even look real (compare with Chewbacca from the trilogy who looked remarkably real) - all a curse of too much technology and little heart or substance. And his comedy is all irritating. I am really surprised how Lucas could have made such a disgusting movie. Probably it's no surprise; everyone goes the same way - after you reach a plateau there's a straight fall down to an abyss. Spielberg and his The Lost World are a good example. There is absolutely no comparison of the beauty, the message, the story, the human element, in the Trilogy, with this one. A HUGE LETDOWN, AND A TOTAL DISGRACE.
158234082X|5.0|This is a true to life book. As a Culinary professional for the past ten years finally achieving rank as chef recently, I can honestly say I have either witnessed or lived the same kind of lifestyle. i recommend this book for anyone considering entering this great field, especially these over zealous career changers who want to be in it for the &quot;GLORY&quot;. 99% of the time, it does not exist. The best book I have ever read. Finally, the REAL truth about our lifestyles. Thanks Chef Bourdain.
0792839676|3.0|The book was about a million times better than the movie. Although I have to say that the movie is well-pased, and the acting was good. I didn't think it was scary at all, except for the end when a bloody hand(Carrie's hand?) grabs Sue. I almost had a heart attack on that one.(There wasn't anything like that in the book!) And I read the other reviews that said that Mrs.White was scary, but she wasn't. The Mrs.White described in the book seems more scarier. For those who haven't watched the movie yet, take my advice and read the book first. It's a lot better.
0399146253|5.0|As much as I love the action in Patricia Cornwell's novels, I am glad to see her develop the characters more.  I say this even though the additional character development was included at the expense of the usual thrills.  I agree with many of the reviewers who have said that Kay Scarpetta needs an anti- depressant.  Unfortunately, it seems that this character will never realize that it is her own abrasiveness that causes everyone else to talk about her behind her back.  Overall, I really enjoyed this book, and found it to be a real page-turner.
B000051VWW|2.0|Sade is back!! Her lyrics are solid and the music is wonderful yet the union does not illuminate the soul as her previous work has done.  Her pinnacle work was indeed Love Deluxe.  That album exceeded all expecations.  Her songs contained the same amount of sadness as her present work yet they stirred the listener and revealed a sense of hope.<br />Lover's rock does have memorable cuts, All about our love, The king of sorrow, and The Sweetest Gift.  However, some tracks are too drum and base heavy and drown out the lyrics.   <br />The live cd will illuminate the listener as to what the current songs lack.  The fire and passion has fizzled and her heartache overwhelms the material.  The songs lulled me yet they had no direction. Her voice is beautiful, the instrumentation is excellent but overall this cd is not is memorable.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Superb acting and directing. A definate must see. Russell Crowe is a force to be reckoned with. Before you take another step in the wrong direction, take a step in the right dicetion by renting or purchasing Gladiator today.
0452282195|3.0|Review of Toni Morrison's The Bluest Eye<br /> Imagine yourself a young, unattractive black girl in Ohio in 1941.  Imagine that your only wish in life was to have blue eyes and for people to notice you.  This is what you find in the book's main character, Pecola Breedlove.  The book focuses on Pecola's unfortunate young life.  She wishes for a life completely opposite than the one she is born into.    I felt that Morrison's use of plot in this book helped to keep the book from being a pity-party for Pecola.  Her actual rape and pregnancy by her father isn't mentioned until after it happens chronologically in the book.  You do feel sorry for the poor young foster child that everyone thinks is terribly ugly, but for those reasons.  She was a foster child and she was ugly.  You don't learn the reason her parents are gone until the mention of the rape.  Her use of plot keeps the reader interested to see what type of family life she did have and what made her become a foster child in the first place.  When I first looked at The Bluest Eye, it looked like very easy reading, but I was wrong.  There are many well-hidden messages throughout the pages of this book.  Some of which may include that beauty is in the eye of the beholder or that if you think you are beautiful, you are.  Once Pecola thinks that she does actually have blue eyes, her happiness is seen through her conversation with her imaginary friend.  She feels that people stare at her now because they are jealous, not because they are gawking at her ugliness.  This book contains very adult-orientated situations and probably wouldn't be suitable for younger readers.  However, I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in a book that will toy with your emotions and make you realize how lucky you are to have lived the childhood that you did.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|savage garden did an awesome job with this cd. from song 1 to song 12 has a story that is being unfolded. it starts with a story of love and ends with a heartbreak. you can feel the depth of the songs, if you listen from beginning to end..every song was written with feeling and that is completely obvious. this album is by far better than the first..
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|If you are a big horror movie buff, and you like comedy also..then this is the movie for you. It's so funny, and if you saw all the horror movies that they make fun of in this movie, then you will think its a great movie to. Deff. worth buying.
0790731983|5.0|Bob Fosse's &quot;Cabaret&quot; is simply one of the most brilliant musicals ever conceived. Liza Minnelli plays cabaret singer Sally Bowles, who has escaped to the Berlin of 1931 to lose herself in &quot;divine decadence.&quot; Minnelli brings such gorgeous energy and flamboyance to Sally, making her irresistable to watch. Her best music numbers, &quot;Mein Herr&quot; and &quot;Maybe This Time&quot; bring the house down. Michael York plays Brian, a bisexual who manages to fall in love with Sally. Joel Grey brings his impish but diabolic Emcee to life as he did on Broadway. The songs are all winners and take place inside the Cabaret itself, so the dramatic flow is not disturbed by having characters break out into song. This makes the story seem all the more real and serious. And it is a serious musical, not to be taken lightly. This is the Berlin of 1931, just before the Nazis take over and cause immortal suffering. The glitz and glitter that Sally and Brian purposely lose themselves in begins to fall apart as Nazis begin to bring shadow of the Cabaret lights. Their world soon falls into disillusion, and at the film's climax we see the reflection of Nazis in the audience.<br />The serious subtext aside, Cabaret is an upbeat film. Sally Bowles and her romance with Brian make up a charming story, with an ending that we know must happen, because nothing in their turbulent world can stay forever. As Sally says in her last song and dance, &quot;life is a cabaret.&quot; This is true because everyone must pretend to be happy in the glitter of Berlin, and hide from the darkness that overshadows it.
0446310786|5.0|To kill a mocking bird is a fantastic story about a little ordinary girl that lives in a small southern town with the name Jean-louise Finch. The book is like her diary and she tells us everything that is going on in her life. Jean -louise is also known as Scout and has an older brother called Jem that she spend most of the days with. Her father (also known as Atticus) is a successful lawyer that has a difficult time raising the children alone since his wife died after scout was born. Scout is an intelligent and clever girl that likes to learn and therefore knew the alphabet and how to read in an early age with the help of her House -made called Calpurnia. Scout is more of a boy because she hates skirts and dresses like the other girls at school always wear. She loves fighting and does many naughty things with her brother that Atticus and Calpurnia dislike like when Scout and Jem visit the huge, scary and dangerous house  with  the weird man living in it. The climax or the high point in the book is probably the trial (which includes Atticus and Mayella) that takes place near the end of the book but there are many incidents that happen before this that scout experience.<br />The book is very well written because there is not a single moment in the book were nothing is happening. There are many exciting incidents with unexpected endings and you just cant put the book down because you are all the time curious of what is going to happen next to the little girl. The beginning was maybe a bit boring but when you pass the first two pages the excitement begins. I compared my life when I was as small as her to scout's life and it is quite similar because I was also like boy and always wanted to be like my brothers. This book has everything that a book should have: kindness, love, cruelty, excitement, humour, and frightening moments. I really enjoyed reading this book and I recommend it to everyone that likes to read because this is a book for all ages. The language in \\"To kill a mocking bird\\" is not too difficult so young children that are able to read can read it and enjoy it as much as a teenager and a grown up can.
0451191153|5.0|If you can understand the true meaning of the book, than it should move you. Truly the greates piece of lit I ever read,Ayn Rand provides the basis Of Objectivism, her theme, through the lives of a number of different mind set people. The individual vs the collectivist. Ayn Rand didn't write the book to tell her reader's how the majority of the world becomes successful, she displayed a way to feel content with inside yourself.
6300268470|4.0|Well deserving of the &quot;Classic Movie&quot; tag that so often accompanies it's reviews, this movie has John Wayne written all over it. Great direction, and an artful performance by Dean Martin as &quot;Dude&quot; the reforming alcoholic, along with a wonderful musical cameo by Ricky Nelson, help along a storyline which is essentially simple, and was mirrored some years later in the Howard Hawks film &quot;Eldorado&quot; (also starring Wayne). Chances are you've seen this movie on reruns several times, but a definitive commercial free copy like this is worthy of any home collection. Not just for die hard John Wayne fans, it has what movies always used too - A beginning, middle, and an end, even if the bad guys didn't always wear the black hats. An absorbing family western that stands up well to the test of time. Look out for a very early performance by Angie Dickenson as the romantic interest. Great Stuff.
0780624890|5.0|Watching this movie is certainly a treat.  Its based upon the Marvel comic character, but this film is a great blend of comic book heroism and pure 100% action.  <br />Snipes plays Blade, a vampire hunter who is half vampire himself.  He takes it upon himself to wage war against the vampire Deacon Frost (Dorf).  The characters are great and Dorf's portrayal of Frost makes his character one of the greatist movie villians of all time.<br />So, the movie is great, but how is the DVD?  In one word: Great!  Both the picture and sound quality are top notch.  There are also a ton of special features including a very interesting commentary track with Snipes, the screenwriter, and the director.  <br />Fans of comic movies, action movies, and horror should give this disc a watch.  Its a ton of fun!
B00003CXE7|4.0|You will have read words like &quot;Awesome&quot;, &quot;Fantastic&quot;, and &quot;Epic&quot; in reviews of this movie, which can be a little too flattering. Made in the style of Cecile B DeMille type sweeping saga's it IS a very good movie, with a great script and wonderful performances all round, especially from Oliver Reed, in this his last movie. However, it seems to have fallen foul of it's own misconceptions that films of this genre need to be long to be artistic. Truthfully, the running time could have been shaved by about 30 minutes, and little would have been lost in entertainment value. Russell Crowe's performance is both powerful and believable,  and the camera work is both stunning and inventive. This is a good movie, but one can't help feeling that many viewers will find it somewhat protracted and a tad on the long side.
B00003CWLF|5.0|I LOVED the musical... I saw it when I was a little boy, and I saw it twice in the theatre, with Yul Brynner and Constance Lawrence (?) in New York, about the year 1979... I have it on video and have watched it at least 30 times... So... believe me I love it... Recently, I went to see the movie, expecting it could not be as good as the musical.  I was surprised.  I LOVED this version just as much.  I loved it so much that I saw it three times.  Jodie Foster is magnificent.  The story is great, maybe with some fiction, but I bought the book, and now I am buying the DVD.  (I saw the movie on the big screen, and I am buying the DVD so I can watch it again and again, whenever I want to.)
B00004U2G4|5.0|Awesome album.  One of the best of the late 60's, early 70's.  It sounds like, but better than the Led Zepplin (1) album.  If you happened to like the Rod Stewart songs of the 70's, then this is not for you.  If you are a early Zep fan AND Mayall fan, then this is your album.  Great energy, unique sound, great song selections, and a band that played together.  &quot;You Shook Me&quot; is better than the Led Zepplin version.  &quot;I Ain't Superstitious&quot; has the coolest Wah Wah stereo sound ever recorded.  The band is good, the music is good, but it is Rod Stewart that makes this great.
B000002P2W|5.0|Their most mature themes. Their most mature execution. Their most mature songs. A band at it's musical zenith waiting for Keith Moon to die. His drumming here is his finest ever. Less bombastic than Quadrophenia and more accomplished and less restrained than Who's Next. Here, it fully approached the impact he had on the band on the concert stage. With this, and Daltry's weary, unhappy vocals and Entwhistles supple bass, Townshend had the perfect sonic mix in which to weave his amazing guitar licks over, under and through. This is not a feel good album, but it is a listening experience that will keep you thinking while you rock. A little self doubt is good for everybody!
B000002TQV|5.0|In 1995, Radiohead quietly put out this album, when they were still just known to most as 'that Creep band' like Beck might have been 'that Loser guy' &amp; slowly but surely the amount of great songs indeed crept into people's minds. I bought the single of Just because when they played it on the radio it was just quite exciting for yr average 15 year old, fine guitars, intelligent lyrics &amp; a lot of energy. A b-side of that was an alternate version of Planet Telex which opens The Bends, which sounds quite futuristic to match the artwork but alas the rest of the album is more straight ahead normal band sounds, although very stylish. I don't even own this but I must have heard it a few hundred times as any pub or cafe will play it all the way thru [alongside Start Me Up by the Stones for some reason] &amp; I even heard High &amp; Dry thru the speakers @ my local Woolworths, a strange juxtaposition of a line like &quot;kill yrself for recognition&quot; &amp; the regular false happiness of the supermarket. I was contemplating putting 4 stars before thinking this is a complete &amp; perfect album, my only complaint being that I don't understand how people can obsess over the band when I can't, Sonic youth sure, Radiohead no. Yes it IS better than OK Computer which though containing a couple of excellent songs in Paranoid Android &amp; Lucky, shouldn't be considered best album of all time. Digression aside, other highlights here are My Iron Lung, Fake Plastic Trees, &amp; Street Spirit, all w/ a certain atmosphere &amp; style that make it stand out from the crowd of generic 'alternative' bands.
B000002KFJ|5.0|Of all the Sabbath albums, this is one that I would never have expected to keep a 5-star rating, and that &quot;Paranoid&quot; would have long ago blown everything else out of the water.  With that said, this is one of their greatest albums.  No, it isn't the heaviest, the fastest, or the most poignant, but perhaps a perfect meshing of all three factors has contributed to the legendary sound of &quot;Sabotage.&quot;<br />&quot;Hole in the Sky&quot; is an almost jaunty tune that pounds its way through four-and-a-half minutes of CD time.  Well-written and performed, the lead track lets you know just how great this album happens to be.  &quot;Symptom of the Universe,&quot; &quot;Megalomania,&quot; and &quot;The Thrill of It All&quot; run together in a twenty-minute barrage of sound, with lilting guitars followed by a bruising assault from the bottom end.  &quot;Supertsar (?)&quot; and &quot;Don't Stop (Too Late)&quot; are instrumentals that neither add to nor detract from the album.<br />Finally, we have &quot;The Writ,&quot; a brilliant composition that finally fully displays the potential and the mastery of the godfathers of Metal.  &quot;Sabotage&quot; melds perfectly together, and the result is astounding.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I recommend this to anyone who likes Rap or Hardcore tunes. The guitar and bass are heavy and is an all around [great] album
B000001ESP|5.0|This is a truly classic albums of Rush's. If you don't have  it, buy it. This album brings back a lot of great memories from the Awesome 80's, if you weren't old enough in the  80's to enjoy the 80's, I feel sorry for you. It was  awesome and Rush and all their albums were most certainly a part of it. My favorite song on this album is  Red Barchetta. Death metal is great too, and Rush  lead the way for all great rock music, rather it be death metal or heavy metal!<br />Thank you
1878424319|5.0|While over the last couple of years several books with great pearls of wisdom have been published, this one has a completely different approach and once again makes it a valuable guide for life. It's something you want to read, then ponder this thought and that profound principle as it will have a positive impact upon your life, if such wisdom is seriously considered. Among the other treasures of wisdom with substantial content and important lessons for life, books you simply don't want to miss are &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; by Mitch Albom and &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding &amp; Overcoming Depression&quot; by Dietmar Scherf.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have followed Radioheads carrer since The Bends and every new album comes as a better surprise. To review Radiohead it is impossible to compare one album to another. Each one is different and only to the likes of someone who is interested in new musical paths. Kid A is truly a different album, which is not necessarily good by itself, but in this case it really outstands itself. Songs such as &quot;Everything in its right place&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot; are a great combination of the so called electronic music with plain rock and innovative lyrics. Just listen to them on headphones and youll know what I mean. Buy this album now and see for yourself, if you dont like it at least respect that some artists are trying to innovate an industry that, in the past years, seems so saturated.
B000000993|3.0|This cd showcases Tool's trademarks.  strange time signatures, an incredible trip through all sorts of dynamics and of course maynard keenan's phenominal voice.  I feel however that this albums shortcomings come not in the songwriting but the recording.  Listening to this album and then to aenima you can't help but wonder what undertow would have sounded like if they got those same killer drum sounds. all in all it is a solid record that should be bought by any rock fan.  <br />ps.  rumor has it that a tool DVD and possibly a new album are due in dec or jan.
B0000256VK|5.0|This re-mastering of one of Roxy's better discs is phenomenal.  The initial complaints about digital recording back in the late 1970s warned that the music comes off cold, that there is no heart or soul, just ones and zeroes - not so with this remaster.  Ferry's voice is a splash of Scotch on the rocks; Manzanera's guitar comes from out of a foggy morning into the sunlight, and Mackay's sax on &quot;More Than This&quot; will, honest to God, make you want to eat your own heart to hear more.  The production is every bit as lush as on the vinyl, for the audio purists.<br />(...), I was slightly disappointed that out-takes and/or hitherto unreleased songs weren't included on the disc, but after the first spin in the CD player, I was no longer concerned about this triviality.  The mere chance to hear Ferry shrug off the &quot;glam-rock&quot; persona he and Brian Eno created with the group was prize enough for me.  What a disc!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I found out about the film ages ago, and being a HUGE slasher film fan (especially Scream) I immediately wanted to see it. When it finally came to my home town, I went on the first week of its release. I was amazed. I laughed myself silly. It is probably the funniest film ever. It was not nearly as dirty as the critics had said. The worst of it was not even that rude. This film even spoofs non scary movies (eg. Shakespear in love, Amistad, The Matrix). I would recommend this film to anyone. SEE IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000051VWW|5.0|This CD is a MUST GET.  It has been a long time since we heard from Sade and I must say it was worth the wait.  She has picked up right where she left off. The first song &quot;By Your Side&quot; is my favorite, but they are all good.  Don't hesitate...go get this CD!!!
B00004XPPK|5.0|This is an excellent movie and an enduring classic.
B000002KHY|5.0|I love this CD.James Taylor has a style and voice like no other musican.Carloe Kings,&quot;You've got a friend,&quot; was a huge hit for the singer,and James Taylor's only number 1 record.&quot;Fire and Rain,&quot; is another fantastic song about losing your friend,and maybe yourself to drugs.&quot;How Sweet it is,&quot; with Carly Simon singing backup,is such a good time,fun record.That's what I loved about the 70's.You could hear Carly on James albums and JT on Carly's.The last song,&quot;Steamroller,&quot; will never be played on the radio,unless they edit it.It's Brilliant,and James lets it all out.I almost reck my car when I'm playing this number.I'm so glad JT has a greatest hits CD,part 2.I just bought it today,and can't wait to start playing it,like I've played this CD for years.
0060194995|3.0|To Kill a Mocking bird is a novel that talks about the everyday life of a family. The novel has been writing on first person, having Scout as the narrator. Scout is a young girl that narrates all the conflicts that trouble her childhood. Scout lives with her dad named Atticus, Calpurnia the housekeeper and her older brother named Jem. Atticus works in the Alabama State Legislature, he practices law. Another important character in the novel is Dill, Scout's best friend. Throughout the entire novel Jem, Scout and Dill spend most of the time together they practically become inseparable. The setting of the novel is a small town called Maycomb found in Alabama. It is a very small town where everyone is related to everyone and gossiping is one of the main activities. Bob Radley is a character that represents the fear and the unknown. Scout narrates her fear for this man and how scary his house is. The main conflict of the book appears when Tom Robinson is accused of rapping Mayella Ewell, a white nineteen years old girl. The conflict becomes evident when Scout reveals that Tom Robinson is black. Atticus takes Tom's case knowing that it will be very difficult because no blacks have ever win a case of rape in the State of Alabama.  Atticus stands for his believes no matter what the people say about defending a black. Scout narrates all the fights she has at school because of her father situation. She does not really understand why some people are so unfair only because of the colour of the skin. The book then turns into a novel about racism. The book teaches us about how we sometimes have the wrong idea about people we do not really know and most importantly about injustice. <br />I think the book \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a very interesting and enjoyable book. It is very easy to read because it does not use complicated vocabulary. It is particularly interesting because it focuses in a worldwide problem called racism. The book has a plot that makes it very intriguing and it uses a flash back that creates a situation of expectation for the reader. To conclude I would like to say that I really like the book and I will definitely recommend this book to other people interested in good stories.
0553106635|5.0|There has never been a set of books like the one George R. R. Martin is in the process of creating with A Song of Ice and Fire.  With Storm of Swords, Martin has definitely sealed his spot as a legend of fantasy.  What I love most about his books is that there are no clear heroes or villains.  This is a major step forward from the cookie-cut characters we've read over and over again in other fantasy epics.  With Martin, you're never quite sure who to hate, and when you think you've got a pretty good idea, he turns everything upside down on you (take Jaime in this book, for example).  This, along with the way he has slowly seeped magic into the tale, is what makes his fantasy tangible and engrossing.
0380715430|3.0|The book swings, but has an element of Ripley's Believe or not to it. When I was a graduate student in linguistics way back in 1964 I was graded down from an A to a B for quoting the &quot;charlatan&quot; Mario Pei, The Story of English, 1948. Bryson is still using him in 1998. I was planning on using Mother Tongue for a class, but its scholarship is suspect. Lots of fun for the lay reader.
B00000721B|4.0|This is the UK version of McCartney's 1987 U.S. album of the same title.  The U.S. album duplicated everything from 1977's Wings Greatest except for &quot;Hi Hi Hi&quot; and &quot;Mull of Kintyre&quot; then included seven additional tracks.  The U.K. version of All the Best deletes &quot;Junior's Farm,&quot; &quot;Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey,&quot; &quot;Goodnight Tonight&quot; and &quot;With a Little Luck&quot; and adds the following four tracks:<br />1.  &quot;Pipes of Peace,&quot; a U.K. No. 1 in 1983 which appeared on the B-side of the U.S. single &quot;So Bad.&quot;<br />2.  &quot;Once Upon a Long Ago,&quot; released as a single only in the U.K. where it reached No. 30 in 1987.  Also available as a bonus track on the import version of Press To Play.  The B-side was &quot;Back on My Feet,&quot; co-written with Elvis Costello.<br />3.  &quot;We All Stand Together,&quot; a U.K. single that reached No. 37 in 1985.  Available as a bonus track on the import version of Pipes of Peace.<br />4.  &quot;Mull of Kintyre,&quot; a U.K. No. 1 which sold 2.5 million copies, making it the biggest-selling single of all time in the U.K until 1984's Band Aid single &quot;Do They Know It's Christmas?&quot; It was relegated to the B-side in the U.S. where &quot;Girls School&quot; was the A-side.  &quot;Mull of Kintyre&quot; is also available on Wings Greatest or the import version of London Town.<br />What this compilation clearly illustrates is that even if you own every U.S. album McCartney ever released, you still don't own all of the songs that he's released. Even if you bought all of the import versions of his albums (which are expensive--especially if you already own the U.S. versions), you would still be missing some single-only releases (the aforementioned &quot;Girls School&quot; and the theme to &quot;Spies Like Us&quot; from 1985 come to mind) and numerous B-sides. I have many of these songs on 45's, but Capitol Records would be doing McCartney fans on both sides of the Atlantic a huge favor if they would compile a 2- or 3-CD box set of all of McCartney's singles, B-sides and other rarities. That's my Christmas wish for this year.e Atlantic a huge favor if they would compile a 2- or 3-CD box set of all of McCartney's singles, B-sides and other rarities. That's my Christmas wish for this year.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'm not going to bash any other bands, but I have to say that the Beatles are the very first true rock band, they started everything. I think the only band that could ever stand up to them is The Smashing Pumpkins (who have a Revolution #9ish song, Pastichio Medley, but anyways) but I think the Beatles will never truly be topped by anyone, EVER. To those who say the Beatles were a boy band, do you honestly think that Nsync could do &quot;A Day In The Life?&quot; Now onto the album (yes &quot;album,&quot; you people who think that album only refers to records are wrong, album is the release by a band for cd, vinyl, or cassette.)The White Album has everything, everyone has said it. Helterskelter is the original Heavy Metal song, and the best i think, Back In The USSR does the Beach Boys better than the Beach Boys. Revolution 1 is awesome, While My Guitar... is the best of both worlds, Eric Clapton and The Beatles, Blackbird is a sad, but heartfelt ballad. I could go on for days, just buy it!
B00003CXA2|5.0|Some critics slated this film because they hated the way it wiped the floor with their own favourite 'Pulp Fiction' in the major awards in 1994. However over the course of time I think it's now acceptable to praise Forrest Gump for what it is, the best feelgood film since 'It's a Wonderful Life'. Gump was pretty much the opposite of Pulp Fiction but it stands the test of time much better in my humble opinion. Pretty much a perfect film. This film sets out simply to entertain you and make you forget about all of your troubles for two hours. There's no need to pick it apart, just let yourself enjoy it, after all it's only a film.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'm not going to bash any other bands, but I have to say that the Beatles are the very first true rock band, they started everything. I think the only band that could ever stand up to them is The Smashing Pumpkins (who have a Revolution #9ish song, Pastichio Medley, but anyways) but I think the Beatles will never truly be topped by anyone, EVER. To those who say the Beatles were a boy band, do you honestly think that Nsync could do &quot;A Day In The Life?&quot; Now onto the album (yes &quot;album,&quot; you people who think that album only refers to records are wrong, album is the release by a band for cd, vinyl, or cassette.)The White Album has everything, everyone has said it. Helterskelter is the original Heavy Metal song, and the best i think, Back In The USSR does the Beach Boys better than the Beach Boys. Revolution 1 is awesome, While My Guitar... is the best of both worlds, Eric Clapton and The Beatles, Blackbird is a sad, but heartfelt ballad. I could go on for days, just buy it!
6304602979|5.0|True Romance is a cult classic that bombed at the box office despite having a cast to die for. Christian Slater delivers a career best performance and Patricia Arquette is dead sexy as his wife Alabama. A cool soundtrack and some great cameos from Brad Pitt, Tom Sizemore, Samuel L Jackson, Dennis Hopper, Christopher Walken and Gary Oldman make this a Bonnie &amp; Clyde for the 90's, only Bonnie &amp; Clyde were never this good. Check out the directors cut if you can, its mega violent. Quite simply the hippest film of the 90's
B000001FNL|5.0|When Mr. Natural(see review)failed to restore the Bee Gees commercial status in the U.S.,they took a year off from recording.During that year,they were busy writing songs for their next album.They had to listen to the R&B/Soul songs of the day for inspiration.In particular,Stevie Wonder's.Despite Mr.Natural's failure,they retained the services of Arif Mardin.Robert Stigwood and veteran Atlantic staff producer and head Ahmet Ertegun oversaw the project.They would soon add Blue Weaver on keyboards,Dennis Bryon on Drums and Alan Kendall on lead guitar.To hype the album,a single entitled Jive Talkin' would be released a month before the album.It would quickly become their second stateside #1(in the U.K.,it reached #4).Main Course was released in June of 1975.It would quickly climb to #14,becoming their first top twenty album in several years and going GOLD.Their first GOLD album since Best of the Bee Gees Vol.1(see review).    One listen to Main Course and you'll know why it was so successful.This album is chock full of great sounding R&B/Soul songs.The grooves make you want to get up and dance.The brothers really shine here.Mardin does a fantastic job.He and the Bee Gees make a terrific team.It was an intelligent idea to stick with Arif Mardin.This album captures the Bee Gees in their true spirit and at their most infectious.    Main Course also features some of the brothers finest song writing and vocal moments.Jive Talkin' has Barry telling a nasty lady that she's doing a great job making a fool out of him(You can tell there's a Sly and the Family Stone influence on this song).Their second top ten here is Nights On Broadway(#7) is about a guy chasing a lady all over New York City and finding her in all of the clubs and is a fine Barry & Robin duet.It also features the debut of Barry's falsetto in the background(Smokey Robinson for sure).Fanny(Be Tender With My Love) is about a man telling the lady in his life to be tender when it comes to loving him(This is a StevieWonder type of song).Two songs in particular actually became turntable hits;Wind of Change and Edge of the Universe(the b-sides of Jive Talkin' and Nights On Broadway respectively).-\\"A Turntable hit is a song that is played on other people's record players,jukeboxes and requested on radio.But never charted\\".Edge of the Universe is a humorous but imaginative tune about an alien and his pet dog.Wind of Change is about the emptyness that people feel sometimes.They also became part of their live staple.Country Lanes(the b-side of Fanny respectively)despite a fine vocal by Robin wasn't a turntable hit like Wind of Change and Edge of the Universe.It was actually a well written song that went unnoticed.Too bad,it was one of Robin's finest vocal moments.The song itself is about a man reflcting on a past lover.Come On Over is about a man telling a woman that they should get together if they feel they need each other(This song would actually become a hit for another English artist who also emigrated to Austrailia.Olivia Newton John whose own version of this song hit #23 in 1976).These and the remainder of this album are fine examples of the Bee Gees raw talent and infectious energy.    Musically,Barry and Maurice alongside their backup band of Weaver,Kendall and Bryon play their hearts out.Barry and Maurice lay down their heaviest guitar and bass work.Songbird has some great piano work by Weaver.Kendall plays KILLER steel guitar and Bryon's drums are where their at.Altogether they create a polished,slick R&B/Soul and an infectious funk sound that would rival Motown,Stax and even Atlantic's early R&B/Soul.Of course,Arif Mardin deserves an A+ for all his efforts.His second production effort captures the brothers in their true musical spirit.Once again,an A+ for Arif Mardin.    So Bee Gees fans everywhere,you must have Main Course in your CD library.Once you have it,you can enjoy it over and over again.Get it now and start dancing the night away.
B00004U9LT|5.0|This wonderful, bittersweet tale should be on everyone's Christmas viewing list, though be warned - you may find yourself needing the box of tissues at the end, like I did.  A little boy builds a snowman one snowy day in England, and that night the snowman comes alive to play with his friend.  Once the little boy shows the snowman his world, the snowman takes the boy on a night flight into a world of snowmen and Santa.  Magic only lasts so long, though.<br />Excellent family viewing, and great for a quiet evening.
B00004YW6I|3.0|While not exactly a bad album, &quot;Stories&quot; certainly does not deserve the fawning praise critics in newspapers and rock magazines have given it.  Perhaps, like me, they hate to have to say negative things about work from a musician as talented as Ms. Harvey. Nonetheless, this album falls short and you should not let yourself be blinded by her past work in evaluating her latest creation.  Even if you are of the clan who insists that &quot;Rid of Me&quot; is her masterpiece and looked forward to her return to a stripped-down format, you may not find &quot;Stories&quot; as much to your taste as expected. Simple in rhythm, choice of instruments, and lyrics, the songs on &quot;Stories&quot; also, for the most part, lack the despair, viciousness, and occasional absurdity of &quot;Rid of Me.&quot;  Resembling &quot;Dry&quot; more than anything else in her past recordings, &quot;Stories&quot; is an album surprisingly lacking in innovation and lyricism.  A far cry from the brilliant, stirring, and tongue-in-cheek excess of &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; or the shining narrative virtuosity of &quot;Is This Desire,&quot; &quot;Stories&quot; is at best a re-exploration of old ground, a return to her earlier style minus some distortion and plus some vocal maturity. Although some songs are catchy (&quot;Big Exit,&quot; &quot;Good Fortune&quot; &quot;You Said Something&quot;, some are sweet (&quot;One Line&quot;) and some vocally worthy of her voice's range and expressive ablilty (&quot;We Float&quot;), on the whole this is a lackluster effort. Too mature as an artist to fully return to the alluring yet raw, flailing sound of &quot;Dry&quot; and &quot;Rid of Me,&quot; she fails to approach the stunning creativity of sound and lyric that made &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; and &quot;Is This Desire&quot; such luminous standouts in the teeming firmament of rock music.
B00003CXGP|1.0|This movie tried to be funny. It failed. It tried to make a statement about materialism. It failed, instead betraying admiration for all the material things it purported to condemn--fancy restaurants, luxury apartments, limos, cosmetics and the rest. It tried to be shocking. I yawned.<br />We were supposed to believe that the characters were high-powered Wall Street types, yet we never saw a single instance of them doing the work that earned them their astronomical salaries. All they did was make reservations and compare business cards.<br />The lead actor hammed up his part so much that his character lost all believability. Cloe Sevigny, a genuinely talented actor, was wasted. Poor Willem Dafoe. He aimlessly walked and talked through the middle of this mess, then disappeared.<br />Most good movies have a beginning, a middle and an end. American Psycho, however, was a plotless amalgam of unfunny restaurant scenes, boring sex and comic-book-type violence. No story was told, no characters were developed.<br />Many of the scenes insulted the viewer's intelligence. How can a killer drag a blood-leaking body across the floor of an apartment-building lobby and never be discovered? How can he chase a screaming woman through the halls and down the stairs of another apartment building, in the middle of New York City, and never draw attention?<br />How could anyone company American Psycho with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? Next to Robert Louis Stevenson's inspired psychological thriller, American Psycho is a nursery rhyme.
B000002HHB|5.0|I have the CD and I love Merchant's sultry, voice.  She is one of my favorite female recording artist in the contemporary category. Her lyrics speak volumes, especially  the song,  BELOVED WIFE.  This is truly a classic CD, one that I am sure will remain an old-time favorite for many people for years to come.
B00004U2A1|5.0|This movie is just so awsome.It's a classic.If your an evil dead fan you need this dvd.If your a horror movie fan you need this dvd . if you love cheesy action you need this dvd.If you HATE all of the above YOU NEED THIS DVD,it will definetly make you a fan,just listen to it with the commentary track on and you will have a new respect for the &quot;evil dead&quot; series.
