6305897786|4.0|This new Polanski movie is absolutely gorgeous and well worth seeing on the big screen. One should be aware, however, that the last 10-15 minutes  undo what much of the movie has built up to. Don't go expecting everything  to fall into place because you won't get it.<br />Johnny Depp is excellent as  Mr. Corso, a proclaimed &quot;mercenary&quot; of the rare book world. His  comic timing gives this movie an edge of irony that could have been  obfuscated by a less talented actor.<br />The film is inquisitive and  ethereal. The camerawork is extremely well-controlled and framed. This  movie felt like reading one of Umberto Eco's novels - foreign travel,  elements of the supernatural, and cabalistic groups abound and add interest  to the developing story.<br />I won't spoil the end of the movie but I will  say that I felt slighted. There is a sort of weird double climax in the  final minutes of the film that doesn't leave the audience with anything to  ponder other than &quot;why?&quot; There is no final statement or  understanding which comes as a result of wither of the climaxes - which is  why this falls short of a five-star rating in my book.<br />See it and enjoy  it. I can't wait for the DVD. Hopefully Roman will give us a little insight  into what he was trying to do.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is one of the best cds I've ever heard and I would suggest it to any rock fan. Some of my favorite tracks are &quot;wrong way&quot; , &quot;higher&quot; , and &quot;what if&quot;. If you liked thier debut  album,my own prison, then you'll love this.
B000035P7S|5.0|This tender story is timeless.  The beauty of Japan and it's seasons, natural wonders,people, dance,music and architecture are all captured inthis unique film.  The message of love is so strong!  It is a wonderful  film and a must see for everyone!
B000002U9E|5.0|Kate Bush is one of the most creative artists in the history of music. And I think that this is her masterpiece. A record where you REALLY have to listen. The lyrics are touchy and original as always, and the sound that is  put around, make it to a gorgeous album. With the two different moods;  Hounds of Love, and The Ninth Wave, it's always nice to listen to it.<br />Favourite tracks: All!
6303212379|5.0|I love this movie!  It's one of my favoritest ever.  The cast is awesome, and it's full of action and adventure.
B000001G1E|5.0|The word &quot;essential&quot; is used alot in regard to records, but here it fits the bill and then some: it belongs in anyone's collection. I especially enjoyed hearing full-length versions of &quot;Let Yourself  Go&quot;, &quot;Bring It Up&quot;, &quot;Cold Sweat&quot;, and  &quot;Papa's...Bag&quot;; the pre-edit &quot;Money Won't Change You&quot;;  and the prev. unrel. tracks from '68 and '71. However, I was disappointed  to note that some notable JB non-hits like &quot;Georgia..&quot; and  &quot;If If I Ruled The World&quot;, two concert staples, were omitted, and  could have fit in if some long tracks had been used in &quot;Part One&quot;  form.
0446525537|5.0|This novel will make   you laugh and cry. I feel this book should be required reading for Jr. and Sr. high school.  We might avoid another Columbine incident.  Moral stories are wonderful for young and old alike. I  especially liked this novel because it took me back to my high school days.  I treasure those days. Some reviews found it a little corny, and yes in  fact it was. But more importantly I found a lot of deep emotions in it.
B000001G1E|5.0|The word &quot;essential&quot; is used alot in regard to records, but here it fits the bill and then some: it belongs in anyone's collection. I especially enjoyed hearing full-length versions of &quot;Let Yourself  Go&quot;, &quot;Bring It Up&quot;, &quot;Cold Sweat&quot;, and  &quot;Papa's...Bag&quot;; the pre-edit &quot;Money Won't Change You&quot;;  and the prev. unrel. tracks from '68 and '71. However, I was disappointed  to note that some notable JB non-hits like &quot;Georgia..&quot; and  &quot;If I Ruled The World&quot;, two concert staples, were omitted, and  could have fit in if some long tracks had been used in &quot;Part One&quot;  form.
6305603847|5.0|Any fan of this band,album and Movie. This is the DVD we've ALL been waiting for!  Full of extra footage, documentaries and cool stills of various art for THE WALL. This is really worth the asking price and I  highly recommend it to anyone who's tired of that old Dusty VHS version  that you might have lying around in your house. Over 5 hours long!  By  The Way the audio commentary by Roger Waters during the movie is really  amusing as you get to hear (and see in the documentary feature) a side of  Roger that we are not used to hearing (or seeing). BUY BUY BUY!
B000001G1E|5.0|The word &quot;essential&quot; is used alot in regard to records, but here it fits the bill and then some: this boxed-set belongs in anyone's collection. I especially enjoyed hearing full-length versions of &quot;Let  Yourself Go&quot;, &quot;Bring It Up&quot;, &quot;Cold Sweat&quot;, and  &quot;Papa's...Bag&quot;; the pre-edit &quot;Money Won't Change You&quot;;  and the prev. unrel. tracks from '68 and '71. However, I was disappointed  to note that some notable JB B-sides like &quot;Georgia..&quot; and  &quot;If I Ruled The World&quot;, two concert staples, were omitted, and  could have fit in if several long tracks had been used in &quot;Part  One&quot; form.
B000002ADT|5.0|As a classic rock fan, I can tell you this is one of the best albums ever of any genre. I'm not a jazz expert, or even a big fan. All I know is that all the hype is true, this is magnificent music. If this is your first jazz  album, you'll have a hard time finding anything close to this one. So What  and All Blues are my highlights.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is one of the very best I have ever seen. It is the 20th Century's Star Trek. The special effects are just so intelligent,I'm sure everyone who worked on this movie was just amazed at what they achived. If  you like to think that there has to be more to life then this, then this is  the movie for you.
B000002KHF|5.0|This might be Van's best album, along with Astral Weeks (a VERY different album). My highlights are the first 5 songs, particularly the romantic Moondance and Into The Mystic, one of the best songs ever, and along with  Tupelo Honey, one of Van's defining moments.
0783240236|5.0|I have only seen this in VHS format, but am anxiously awaiting the DVD in a few weeks! However, I am not here to review the movie, I am here to say, that it is so dissapointing to see that the audio is not going to be 5.1  but instead lackluster 2.0 mono. What are ppl thinking? The Birds is  perfect for 5.1. With the bird attacks, it would sound as if the viewer was  being attacked as well, with birds coming from all sides. As usual, an  awesome capability not living up to its full potential. Yet the  &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot; is in 5.1? Makes no sense, very frustrating!
6305718954|5.0|It seems to me that many people are missing out on the deeper meaning of Stigmata. If you have faith in the Christian belief, this movie gives you incite as to what Christ felt before he died. It is scary from that point  of view. What is also scary is the fact that there are Gospels that people  don't claim. I saw this movie, then picked up a book about the Gnostic  Gospels, and some it makes sense. I highly recommend this movie, especially  in DVD format, as you get another ending.
B000002U82|5.0|There's a reson why this is one of the best selling albums of all time. 13 consecutive years on the Billboard top 200 doesn't lie. Every song on it is a classic. The entire group is at the top of their form. You can hear the  other members' creative input in the songs. It's not quite as dominated by  Roger as their later albums ( which are still awesome). This is a must have  for anyone who appreciates GOOD music.
B000001AKM|5.0|i cant begin to say how much i love this cd. i will say my husband must be getting sick of it...it has been in my cd player for almost a year. i even listen to it while i in the shower. i never expected to like it this much  it has made me buy the rest of his cd's..even his sad songs make you feel  good. his voice is truely heaven
B000002LND|5.0|Every track on &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; was, and still is, very fun and catchy, exactly what a pop record should be. Madonna may have had controversial lyrics or a controversial image, but her music is the  core of what she has become. This collection contains her best work in the  span of 8 years, and it would be at home in any pop music lover's cd stash.  The tracks that highlight this album for me are, &quot;Borderline,&quot;  &quot;Crazy For You,&quot; &quot;Cherish,&quot; and &quot;Like A  Virgin.&quot; These songs still sound fun and fresh today, and most likely  would appear to be that way for the next several years..
B000001ZSF|5.0|This to me, is Jean-Michel Jarres best album. Chronologie tells the tale of Earth's history from it's creation to the world of today. Not only is Jarre's mastery of sythesizers incredible (as always), but the different  musical styles he uses this time are incredibly varied. From the majestic  hymns of the genesis to the rap-like beats of the modern world, Jarre  manages to capture each era in one wonderful album. And if you're reading  this, you MUST listen to Chronologie part IV on this page, it's fantastic!
B000002UY5|5.0|Listen to &quot;Seed to a tree&quot;!  Better tracks on this disk than &quot;No Rain&quot;.  I love it and if you like 60's influenced rock with modern technology you will love it too.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|The Last of the mohicans is the ultimate movie. Hard action-sequences and a great lovestory...a soundtrack, which is going straight to your heart. It is the best movie, I have ever seen. Daniel Day-Lewis and Madeleine Stowe  are the lovers of the past AND the future. Watch this movie...you will love  it.
B00001PE4D|4.0|Possibly one of the best films aimed at the younger audience for a long while.  The script is intelligent, as is the plot (in a shallow sort of way) and the actors are fantastic.   Sebastian (Ryan Phillipe) and Catheryn  (S. M. Geller) Valmont share the finest student accomodation ever while  they 'matriculate' at a high class university.  The arrival of the new  principle heralds the arrival of his chaste daughter.  Sebastian, tired of  bedding 'insipid manhatten debutants' see's this as his greatest potential  victory. 'Bedding the new principles daughter before term's started....'    The hour that follows contains the greatests one liners, insults and  unusual outfits (in the case of Geller)of any recent production I've seen.    The final half hour suddenly takes itself a lot more seriously than the  rest of the film, but is a strong ending with Sebastian taking revenge on  his scheming half-sister from beyond the grave.   Still the high point of  Cruel intentions for me was the soundtrack.  From the starting sequence  with Placebo pounding out &quot;Every me, Every you&quot;, to Blur  &quot;Coffee and T.v&quot;, Counting crows, Skunk Anansee, Fat boy slim,  Faithless and a host of other great tracks there is never a dull moment.    So between music and picture this is a flick that should be enjoyable to  all.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I herad a lot of negative reactions to this film before I saw it, most noteably from a good friend who is a huge Kubrick fan.  I feared the worst as I rented this film and sat down to watch it.<br />What I got that night was  an awesomely engaging and mezmerizing film to which I was completely drawn  for the rather lengthy running time.  Masterfully done, in a style very  reminicent of 2001: A Space Odyssey, this film has an erotic and egmatic  feel to it that makes it quite an experience.  Cruise and Kidman are  electrifying together on the screen.  <br />I will admit that the film is slow  and deliberate, but if you allow yourself to be drawn into the plot and the  characters, this only adds to the suspensful experience.  I recommend it to  fans of this type of work, but I don't think it will satisfy the everyday  moviegoer.<br />See for yourself...
6305537798|4.0|This was an excellent movie. It exhibited humor,reasonable taste, and a value structure that teenage parents would like. The only criticism I had was that some of the secondary characters should have been given more time  to develop. Some very impressive acting. Larisa Oleynik was unfairly  criticized.
B00000K19E|5.0|A superb and thought provoking spin on life as we know it.  Superb visuals and 5.1 soundtrack, with house-shaking explosion effects ! . If you only buy a few DVD's a year this HAS to be one of them !
0440234743|1.0|I have read all of Grisham's books (except The Brethren) and have enjoyed his ability to build suspense and knit complex plots.<br />That said, I absolutely did not like this book.  I found it very poorly written and by  far his worst book.  I found the story directionless and appeared to me to  be a quick write.  His theme seemed two-fold: recovery from addiction and  the ugliness of humanity.<br />I confess that at times Grisham's cynicism is  amusing.  But I am perhaps worn out with the ugly, self-centered worlds he  creates.  Every character seems to have selfish motivations, but the  intentionally detestable characters he creates are endless and  indistinguishable.  I have no problem with having colorful or even ample  antagonists--it's a story-making fundamental.  But when they are all  shallow shells of self-servingness, it gets a bit tiring.  Few of the  endless characters he creates are developed, and few end up important to  the conclusion.<br />In this book, the judge is detestable, the testator is  detestable, the testator's children and grandchildren are detestable, the  testator's servant is detestable, the lawyers are detestable.  The few  characters with a moral fiber are not enough to rehabilitate this  book.<br />Perhaps John Grisham is tired of writing, or perhaps he is trying  his hardest to fill an over-ambitious contract, but, whatever the reason, I  strongly recommend any prosepective buyer to save his money.  If you need  to read it, get it at the library--I doubt you'll want to keep it.
B000002KGT|5.0|Fleetwood Mac's Rumors is about as good an album as you could hope to find, especially in the musically barron mid 70's.  It is very hard to find a flaw in the recording, although I recently learned that the song  &quot;Silver Springs&quot; was omitted from this album in favor of &quot;I  don't want to know&quot;.  Quite an editorial error, I would say.  I am  reviewing this however, because after reading many of the existing reviews,  I am appalled to find comparisons of Fleetwood Mac to the Beatles.  GIVE ME  A BREAK!  Fleetwood Mac is excellent, but there are maybe three bands in  the world that belong in the same class with the Beatles and sorry, the Mac  aint one of them.
B000002ITW|4.0|I'm very glad they didn't fix the mistakes in the studio, because this way you know that the stunning moments are REAL.  My favorites include On The Way Home, The Lee Shore, Chicago, Cowgirl In The Sand, Don't Let It Bring  you Down (vastly superior to the After The Goldrush version), 49 Bye-Byes,  King Midas In Reverse, and Neil's medley.  I never listen to the electric  disc.
0451191153|5.0|&quot;~I enjoyed this book immensely.  However, most of the reviews for this book focus on Roark.  I think Ellsworth M. Toohey was a more incredible character.  Roark and Toohey were both two independent people, but I envy the way Toohey used people to give himself more power. Just  knowing the fact that he is &quot;smaller&quot; than them is just what they  need to survive.  They all used him.  They could care less about him.  I'm  sure they all could've easily lived without Keating.  They took advantage  of Keating's weakness...but hey, who wouldn't?
6302453356|5.0|Many movies amuse me, but few affect me much beyond that.  Not only did this movie make me laugh, but last time I saw it, it left me with a warm fuzzy feeling that lasted twenty-four hours straight!  On the way up to bed  afterwards, I swear, I closed my eyes and tried to fly.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I entered the cinema thinking I was going to sit down with my already half eaten popcorn and view another typical american film. I sat down, and within the first five minutes I was hooked. At fist I thought it was a teen  film but Kevin Spacey sure changed my mind in the beginning scenes. The  well directed film is of course set in a rich suburb of America.  Spacey(father)and Benning(mother)argue throughout the entire film about  topics most families try to avoid. Their daughter(Thora Birch)plays a 16 yr  old girl with a lot on her mind, worrying about her parents and the guy  next door. Thora Birch(All I want for Christmas, Now and Then, Alaska)has  been almost completely ignored by other critics. I have seen her in every  movie she has appeared in and she usually gets very little credit for the  supportive rolls she has played. Not much of her is mentioned in other  reviews, this shocks me seeing as she has quite a strong impact on the  supurb film American Beauty. Good work crew!
6301763041|5.0|This may well be my favorite movie ever!  It's hilariously implausible, with wonderful characters and absolutely incredible songs.  I only know one person who says she doesn't like it, and she sat through it anyway because,  like it or not, it's still Johnny Depp!  (He is so amazingly versatile;  it's hard to believe that's the same person who played Edward  Scissorhands.)  This movie has got me on a SERIOUS `50's kick and  determined to get a biker jacket.
0767803434|4.0|This was a great film but it let itself down with the ending. In truth , Hollywood wrote this ending so that the good old USA trumiphs over evil again (and the box office isn't harmed again). But up until that point ,  this was up their with the best of them as Harrison finds himself aboard a  hijacked Air Force One. The vice president (Glenn Close) finds herself  eventually almost forced to rule that the president is making decisions not  as a leader but as a family man and that as a result of this she MUST take  charge. The film looks as though it may take this view but then about turns  and declares that the Vice President makes a brillant decision by not only  giving in to the terrorists who then reveal that they would not let the  president go anyway and will use him as a political tool. Now at the end of  the film the President escapes and the film in a few scenes shows her as  having solved this crisis - presumably she knew that the president would  become Rambo and save the day. Good movie until this point after that  typical American Schmaltz (but still great fun)
B000002U82|5.0|When I was considering buying my first CD player, years ago, I noticed that everyone who already owned one, had this CD.  When I DID finally make the purchase, I was given 3 free CD (of my choice) from the store.  I  decided to try DSotM.  I still own that CD (the other two are long gone and  forgotten).  I still listen to it, frequently.  If  you don't own it, get  it.  The mood-setting nature of this CD is hard to describe to anyone who  hasn't heard it, and I can't imagine too may people who haven't.
6305265488|1.0|I'm not sure if it's the pathetic script or acting that irks me the most. I had to sit suffer through this movie twice on an airplane ride to italy. What a terrible way it was to start a trip. I'd like to know if anyone  actually has an opinion on this.. all of the 5 star reviews just say..  great, fantastic, I loved it! Why? When the acting so stiff you want to  press your face into the seat in front of you (maybe to make it go away),  and the script is so jagged (all of the erroneous time references - i.e.  DaVinci.) I guess I just feel like I could have vomited up a better work of  art. Don't waste your time.. if you have the option.
B00001OH7O|5.0|No matter if you like David Bowie or not, if you like rock or not, this is an inspirful, amazing album filled with emotion! Bowie is a genius! The excellent use of the piano, the saxophone and excellent guitar work in  superbly constructed songs, lyrically and musically makes this a rich  album, which will enrich your life!
0967851408|5.0|Ever wanted the 'answer' to really understanding how to bring success into your life? The Master Key System is the nearest thing you'll find to one.  In this masterly and insightfull piece written over 90 years ago, Charles  Haanel reveals the secrets to realising our greatness by providing the keys  to total success in life - physically, mentally and spiritually.  Before  reading the Master Key I had read many of the well known classics of  personal growth like: Think and Grow Rich (Napoloen Hill), The Power of  Positive Thinking (Norman Vincent Peale) and The Magic of Thinking Big  (David J. Schwartz).  However I found none so fundamentally to the point  and enlightening as the Master Key. I immediately liked the Master Key over  all the others because it was so factual and practical, with a total  absence of hyperbole. There is no 'the secret speaks to those who listen'  treatment here, just the plain facts - and the fundamental methods to make  it work for you. It did for me! The profound yet succinct treatment of such  a complex subject leaves you in no doubt that you are reading the truth.  Whats more, the structure of the book is very much geared around a working  manual. Each chapter is a short weekly lesson with a practical exercise,  successivly building  upon the previous one, to take you logically through  the total growth process. I found this structured pace very easy to work  into my normal life.  By the end you WILL understand how to use your power  within to improve your life permenantly.  Those looking for the one book to  provide the key to making their life a success... this is it! This  re-edited publication of The Master Key System (by Anthony R. Michalski)  has been meticulously produced to be totally authentic to Charles Haanel's  now extremely rare original.
B000031XCR|4.0|This is especially great for those who became fans right before she retired, or maybe heard her songs on the radio and really liked them. This CD just has the highlights of her career, the best songs. And don't  criticize the Frank Sinatra duet until you've heard it! I was expecting  something horrible to happen, for a 90's pop star to &quot;redo&quot; one  of those golden Sinatra songs- but it really works. She keeps the song true  to the spirit of the song, and true to the spirit of Frank Sinatra. It has  become my favorite song on the CD. While it's not one that I keep in my CD  player all the time, it's a must for any serious CD collection.
B000002WPI|5.0|If you don't like Wu-Tang, you still need this CD. Don't just judge them by their post-Forever work, and care for it either but this is one of the greatest albums ever. I'm that 4 mic MC with 5 mic potential overlooked cuz  y'all can't understand what I've been...
6305169187|2.0|This is the worst action movie I've ever seen. They overplay the action! The only goal of the film-makers was to see how many people they could kill and how much stuff could go wrong in the 2 hour time limit. It gets really  boring after a while. Also, they try too hard to mix  action-with-comedy-with-romance, and they fail. I'm very glad I didn't  spend any money on this. The only reason I give it 2 stars is this: One for  Bruce Willis, one for the fact that they feature an Aerosmith song on it.
0062502182|3.0|I was looking for a read that would go very quickly and this was definately it. I was able to read this book in about three hours and I am a slow reader. The content of this book was very easy to follow, but some parts were repetitive and drawn out. Also, there were so many themes and  counter ideas presented in this book and this added to the confusion that  would have made it a great read. I do not feel like this was one of the  greatest contemporary novels of our time and has won awards unjustly. I  give it a C+
B000002UKS|4.0|First the bad. Half the songs I just can't get into. But Songs like Monkey wrench, My Hero And esspessily Everlong make this album worth the $13 I spent.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I have grown up with &quot;Ghostbusters&quot;, and was a fan of the cartoon series, the toys, and of course, the movies.  I still am, and unfortunately, I wasn't all that pleased with Criterion's laserdisc release  of the film.  The picture contained a lot of noise, and the matte lines  were so visible, that even director Ivan Reitman was upset about it.   That's not the case here.  With the release of &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; on  DVD, digitally remastered and crammed to the gills with extras, including a  live video commentary with Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis that looks much  like &quot;Mystery Science Theater 3000&quot;, this makes the purpose of  the invention of a DVD player clear!  This DVD is excellent!  It has  everything I hoped for!  They(Columbia/Tristar) really outdid themselves  with this DVD.  It includes numerous documentaries(instead of the usual 1  or 2), production photos, sketch artist drawings, and deleted scenes.   Commenting on the deleted scenes, one of them was very strange, in which  Dan Aykroyd and Bill Murray play street bums instead of Venkman and Stantz,  with Bill Murray doing his &quot;Caddyshack&quot; riff.  It's amazing that  the cameras rolled for it, but it's there.  The only thing missing was the  inclusion of a scene that found it's way into the Criterion laserdisc,  which followed the three ghostbusters leaving the college and Venkman  commenting on how &quot;he's gonna win the nobel prize&quot;.  Still, it  also becomes intuitively obvious why those scenes were cut once you watch  them.  Anyway, if you have a DVD player and do not have this DVD, you are  really missing out.  It's hard to think why anyone would not want to add  the &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; DVD to their collection.  If you don't like  it, your as dead as those ghosts running around.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan cleverly explores the fragile relationship between mother and daughter in her novel, The Joy Luck Club.  Each story is truly heartfelt and is connected intricatley with the others.  Even with such a difficult subject, Tan is able to pull all the pieces together and make sense out of  it. Thus, giving every woman a deeper understanding of her own mother and  the hope of reconciling.  Thank you, Amy Tan!
B00000BKE0|3.0|If you are a true Iron Maiden fan, you will realize that the recordings of Killers, Number of the Beast and Seventh Son of a Seventh Son are days gone by.  Sure you can enjoy them but support the albums and change with them.   No Prayer offers the listener some very great songs (Tailguner, Hooks In  You, and Bring Your Daughter..), some average ones (Mother Russia and Holy  Smoke) and a few disappointmens.  BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER CAUSE THIS IS IRON  MAIDEN.  If you cant support the best metal band EVER, then you are not a  true hard-core fan.  Go somewhere else and when their next epic CD comes  out and it is fantastic, will you jump back on the band-wagon or will you  be there like the rest of us are?   No Prayer For The Dying is a good  collection of songs that should be decided on an idividual basis....
6305718954|4.0|This movie is much better than critics would like the public to believe. The movie is the most original movie I have seen in a while. Sure it can be weak at points, and borrows from other fils, but so do all contemporary  movies.  I amusually a harsh critic on these types of movies, but this one  surprised me. Anyone who has &quot;doubts&quot; about organized religion  will like the dramatic sub-plot. The stylized cinematography was perfect  for setting the mood...
6305750750|3.0|&quot;~Here is the first chapter to a six film story. Now as beginnings go, it wasn't too bad. The story itself was involving and interesting over all. But some moments really detracted from the film. Specifically Jar-Jar.  What his purpose is, I don't wanna know. But I could see where Lucas was  coming from that he probably had his six year more in mind than us 30+ who  saw the original as kids. something without fully understanding what they  are writing about. It was an OK story that will continue on and if some  people cannot reclaim some of that child like awe when viewing this, that's  a shame.
0345340426|5.0|Plain and simple... this is fantasy as its finest.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This album is a great one. One of the reasons it is great is that it shows Brightman's music. Eden is different from the albums that have come out in the past. In 'Fly', Brightman featured music that is somewhat closer to pop  music. In 'Timeless', Brightman featured music close to classic music. But  Eden is different from those two. It is something made out of both  'Timeless' and 'Fly'. Brightman has mentioned that her music style is  closer to pop or classic, not musical. I think she did a very good job on  putting those two things together. That's why this album has a wonderful  color of crossover.  The bests of this track are 'Eden', 'Anytime,  Anywhere','Il Mio Cuore Va', 'Nella Fantasia', and the beatiful piece  called 'Only an Ocean Away'. I personally recommend 'Only an Ocean Away'  because of it's beautiful melody matching Brightman's voice. Brightman's  dreamy voice makes the tracks more mystical and beautiful, and that's the  purpose of Brightman's music.  Some say that Brightman's voice isn't strong  and her voice isn't right for classical music. But I would have to  dissagree. Her voice is perfect for her music, and she isn't just an  ordinary soprano. Unlike the other sopranos, Brightman prefers having her  own style of music.I believe it isn't appropriate to compare other sopranos  and Brightman's voice.
B000021XR5|4.0|This album was dubbed by many rock critics to be &quot;the album that will save rock music&quot;.  The fact of the matter is that there are many songs on this album that rock, but it is more a sensitive album that is full of  emotion. If you have followed stp's career, these songs will touch your  heart and make you feel good.  I'd recommed this album to anyone.
B0000027RL|5.0|I am rating this after listening to Yield and the silly little &quot;First Kiss&quot; song (nice but not Pearl Jam's style). Ten is their best piece of work.....ever. This is what rock is all about. Eddy and his band have  some real talent. However, their songs and music were better when they were  hungry. You could hear the frustration and emotion in their songs. When  bands become more comfortable and their music more lucrative the sound is  not as desperate. I hope their future CD's have the power of Ten.
0688158234|4.0|It was one of our typical English lessons when we discussed about what to read next. Whereas our English teacher suggested to read some old stuff, we decided to read a modern novel. We had a great discussion and after a while we chose Waris Diries &quot;Desert Flower&quot;. After having read the  book the reactions were quite different. Some of us, especially women, were  shocked about her story and about FGM, which still exists. But there were  also soms negative responses, which criticised the   truth of the story. In  my opinion it is very important to deal with books like this in class,  because we cant imagine how hard life can be in other cultures. After a  long period of discussions  and having written a test about this subject,  we draw the following conclusion: It is necessary to inform about the  problem of FGM to encourage women all over the world and to tell them they  are not alone.
B000044U4B|5.0|if you like metallica get this cd, its more original than alot of their new stuff too, but if youre gonna get it try and find it for a cheaper price
078401115X|5.0|I can't add much to the other reviews...this movie is a classic!  What surprised me is that no one mentioned the fans.....keep your eyes on which DIRECTION the fans are turning when he shows one.  This happens A LOT in  the movie....you may have wondered 'why all the fans?'  The secret is that  when the blades spin clockwise, Rourke is &quot;Harry Angel&quot; and when  they spin the other way, he is &quot;Johnny Favorite.&quot;  Try it and  see, I could have it reversed, but this is the real deal.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is beautiful! Never has modern rock come to perfecting such touching music as this album!
0679735909|5.0|Possession is not only the incredibly apt title but also the way I feel about this book.  While reading it I hesitated to tell my friends about the wonderful new book that had me so enthralled.  I felt as though I was with Maud and Roland while they tromped over Europe.  I became as possessive  about the letters as the fictitious characters themselves.  The book became  my three day obsession.<br />I have read every other review about it and I  won't lie and say that the prose wasn't stilted at times.  It was.  The  story is certainly easily transparent and I had guessed the ending of the  book 175 pages before it happened.  <br />But all of that is superfluous.  I  have not read a book comparable to this one in regards to pure creativity  for quite some time.  I admired the ingenuity of Ms. Byatt with every turn  of the page.  She not only created believable characters, but she created a  literary history that spanned nearly two hundred years.  From nothing Ms.  Byatt created distinctively different poetry in the voice of two,  fictitious, Victorian poets.  She also created love letters between the  two.  She created fictitious literary analyses of the fictitious poetry.   For that feat alone, I admire her and this book.<br />And I would read it all  over again, twenty times, for the simple post script which, I feel, summed  up the book better than anything I could've ever imagined.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I agree with Martin Scorcese's recent comments  (on Roger Ebert's program) that Eyes Wide Shut is one of the best films of the 90's. It's a great, mysterious film, similar to Welles's version of The Trial or Scorcese's  After Hours. Too many people fell victim to all the marketing about the  movie, and perhaps thought that it would just be about sex. But, if you're  looking for film that will clearly stand the test of time, and follows in  the great tradition of such directors as Murnau, Welles, and Scorcese, then  buy Eyes Wide Shut. If your looking sex, turn on Cinemax on a friday night
0515127485|1.0|Frankly there is not much to enjoy in this story and one could give away the entire plot in a few sentences.  It would make a good movie with the Russian scenes, the right music, good casting, and better dialogue.  As a novel I found it dull, plodding, and mostly predictable.  The author seems  to have the right idea but not the skill to execute it properly - at least  for me.
B000002MM8|5.0|I've only heard a handful of DCD's albums but I think this is by far their best.  Each song is unique and all flow together very well.  I don't know what people see in 'AION', and several other albums I've heard have only a  few truly good songs, so perhaps I'm not as big a fan as some, but I've  listened to this album for a good five years or so and it's still one of my  all time favorites.  A necessary ingredient in any collection of timeless,  beautiful music.
6305428425|5.0|One of my favourite movies...it starts off hilarious right from the beginning when they are watching pretty woman. A great mix of 80s music and incredibly wacky clothes...Lisa Kudrow is hysterical! Jenneane Garafalo  (sp) makes it the perfect movie with her dry humour. A must see for comedy  fans.
6305291489|3.0|OK film for the family, with updated fashions and gadgets, and a few gratuitous and inappropriate scenes which should have been cut.  When compared to the original, this one is clearly inferior in most respects.   Several reviewers have criticized the happy ending as a fairy tale, but I  have seen successful reconciliations several times in my experience.  Not a  bad movie, just not as good as the old one.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I really do think that Eyes Wide Shut is one of the best pictures that Stanley Kubrick made, and was -easily- one of the best films of the 1990's. Easily. It's not suprising that so many people hate it though...of course,  this kind of film, with this kind of slow, tense mood is not usually one  that people associate themselves with. And Kubricks picture does this is a  totally unique and new way. Every movement in the film is accented. I don't  know, I think it's amazing. But I don't agree with a number of critics and  film journalists who claim that the film has a 'happy' ending. I don't  think the ending is even remotely happy. But I wont get into that here.  Anyhow...if you willing to just completely submit yourself to a film, then  I think you would like this picture.
6300215881|4.0|Brooding outlaw Marlon Brando seeks to even the score with the former partner who double-crossed him (Karl Malden).  Though a little disjointed at times, this film is otherwise so well crafted and performed that one  easily can forgive any minor shortcomings.  The supporting actors are  uniformly excellent, the tension well-sustained, the setting beautiful, and  of course, nobody else can be Brando.  Highly recommended.
B00000DFTG|5.0|I agree Ozzy can get annoying live, between songs. I saw him with Sabbath back in the 70's and nothing has changed. But the music is awesome, Tony is still the finest heavy guitar player ever and his playing is in a league of  its own on this album. The recording is very good, Ozzy is a little forward  (as usual) but Bill and Gezzer have not been as well captured since the  first album. A most own. This may be the last.
0792107683|5.0|I have little to add to the other plaudits already made.  A classic film, filled with classic scenes, memorable lines, and fine performances.  I have seen it at least 50 times, starting with its original theatrical release  when I was a kid, right through its current place in my video library.   Highly recommended.
B000002H70|5.0|This is definitely a 6 star rating CD. A continuous lustrous wall of sound from beginning to end. Disintegration can be listened to over and over again, it is everything The Cure had achieved up until that time, all  captured onto the one CD. A great sounding six string bass and keyboards  ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT!
B000046PVN|5.0|Possibly the best movie score since BEN HUR (1959), John Williams' great effort is finally given its due by Rhino Records. I have listened to the 150 minutes of music several times during the past week and never tire. The  new Rhino release is a great improvement over the prior, abridged CD, which  reflected the LP release of 20 years ago. The sound may not be up to todays  standards, but its a minor complaint. A bigger problem is Rhino's  surprisingly flimsy packaging. The booklet is suberb, but overall the  packaging is disappointing. Producers Nick Redmond and Michael Matessino  are to congradulated for completeing this massive restoration project.  Perhaps a special Grammy Award is in order? Get this release, no movie  music lover should be without it.
B0000033WC|4.0|By the time of this album, the Velvet Underground as a real band were beginning to disintegrate. Lou Reed was now in charge, and songs were the order of the day. Reed's acceptance of the job of leader of the band was  all too apparent, especially on LOADED, VU's last studio album with Lou  Reed. The commercial aspirations of this album only belied the dissension  going on in the group. Earlier, songs like &quot;Rock &amp; Roll&quot;,  &quot;Sweet Jane&quot;, and &quot;New Age&quot; would have turned into  noise-muddled soundscapes with John Cale in the group. While it's great to  see that the VU were finally having the mainstream in their thoughts,  LOADED seemed like an all-too-real farewell to Lou Reed, who seemed to be  much more comfortable going solo.
0783240503|5.0|I have to say I'm an Andrew Lloyd Webber's fan.  I saw Joseph for the very first time in London five years ago. I think the show is superb; and this video, too.  Donny Osmond fits the carachter; but Mary Friedman , as the  Narrator, plays her role in an absolutely remarkable way.   Excellent the  rest of the supporting cast, including Richard Attemborough and Joan  Collins as Mrs Potiphar. Without any doubt, the best musical video I ever  saw since &quot;Cats&quot;
B000002G7G|5.0|The white noise that dominated the Velvet Underground's first two albums is kept to a minimum, and once again, it proves to be the low-point of the album. &quot;Murder Mystery&quot; is like &quot;The Gift&quot;, a  free-verse narrative set to music. Had these been proper songs, they could  have turned out to be classics. But their self-titled album is by far their  most song-oriented and musical effort ever. &quot;Pale Blue Eyes&quot;,  &quot;Candy Says&quot; and &quot;Some Kinda Love&quot; were the almost de  facto rock anthems on here, and showed probably for the first time that the  Velvet Underground were more than a band with only marginal musical talent  that they could parlay into noise-rock. However, this seemed to signal the  beginning of the end for VU as a group, for with Lou Reed and his more  commercial influences dominating now, the whole notion of VU as a band was  beginning to disappear.
B000002MTR|5.0|&quot;Tearjerker&quot; gets into your heart, &quot;One Big Mob&quot; gets into your head, and &quot;Aeroplane&quot; gets into your throat and can't stop.  From top to bottom this album reaks of excellence.  Though darker  than other Chili albums, this disc marks an end of mindless fun for the  band and the start of something even better--the truth.  Listen to (or  read) the plaintive lyrics of &quot;Warped&quot; and the honesty of this  recording will be impossible to deny.  And, like the other Chili albums, it  is  unbelievably enjoyable.  Dave Nevarro brings a psychotic-genius sound  to One Hot Minute that provides a tuning fork, harmonizing Flea's  incredible bass with Keidis' soulful singing (he's been taking LOTS of  voice lessons for this one).  The hilights include:  &quot;Deep Kick&quot;  where Nevarro goes off the deep end, Flea and his bass ascend to heaven,  and Keidis keeps slapping the listener with his words ;  &quot;Transcending&quot; where a solemn-smooth-fun-funky ode to a friend  turns into something hell would envy, but God owns the rights to ; and the  best-of-the-best, &quot;One Big Mob&quot; which is a completely perfect  creation, propogated by the finest riff Flea has ever done, Nevarro's  sympathetic and maniacal guitar genius, the inspiring/blood-pumping lyrics  of Keidis, and the backup of one great big mob (Aw yeah!)  This song will  take you to the moon, then bring you to your knees, then take you back to  the heavens another big hunk of cheese.
B000002G7E|4.0|Even without Andy Warhol's guidance, the Velvet Underground could have made it, but at this early stage in their career, they could have really used it. For WHITE LIGHT/WHITE HEAT, the VU were on their own to produce  their own album. In the end, though, it may not have been such a good idea  just yet. With only 6 songs, it seemed the band was at a loss for  substantial material, so they had to fill the time with a 17-minute  white-noise symphony like &quot;Sister Ray&quot;. Like &quot;European  Son&quot; off the previous album, any hints of a song are minimal for after  about maybe 2 minutes, everything descends into dissonant madness. What  songs they could come up with were, at least, workable. The title track  turned out to be the timeless rock classic, but songs like &quot;Lady  Godiva's Operation&quot; and &quot;Here She Comes Now&quot; are ones that  could use some more acclaim. The more song-oriented works of the  late-period VU were hinted at in these songs. While WHITE LIGHT/WHITE HEAT  is just as influential as their debut, it's just not one to start out your  collection with.
B000002KYK|5.0|Good, quiet music which allows one to work or contemplate on life.  I always play this when I need to get creative or I wish to be in a deep thinking mood. Unlike some other recordings of BladeRunner which I have  heard it does not have the disruptive movie dialogue mixed in and the music  stands alone.  It is beautifully played and I would recommend it to anyone  who wants to hear the movie music in a pure form.
6303481272|5.0|This movie is an excellent example of what true Japanese animation should be.  There's not a lot of sex in the movie, so if you're looking for that, keep looking.  The movie revolves around the basic good versus evil.  I  really enjoyed the fight scenes, and the character development helps get  you into the movie.  I would recommend this movie to new and experienced  Anime fans.
044651506X|4.0|I have read this book, as I have all of Mr. De Milles books. I finished it in two sittings over a weekend. Very fast moving. Exiting. I left me with the feeling that I would like to meet the characters again in an additional  book. Recommended.
0060925000|5.0|Being an ardent fan of RK Narayan,the trip from the peaceful south indian town, -Malgudi (inhabitated by tamil and kannada people) to  the Religious clashes-prone North Indian town of Brahmpur was quite fascinating. It took  me a good nine months to complete this bulky book which dealt with  four  well-to-do families set in the background of newly independent india,the  main plot being the search for a suitable boy for the well-educated Lata.  The narration was awesome, the style-amazing,the characters-extremely  lovable,the tempo-gripping(if not in the beginning). All these made Vikram  my latest favourite.Thank you bengal for giving us another literary tiger.  Saeda bai's singings, Kuku's couplets,Rupa Mehra's parental upbraids,Maan's  amorous ventures,Lata's longings (for kabir),young bhaskar's mathematical  inquisitiveness,kabir's alacrity and sportmanship,street urchin -biscuit's  pranks,Dipankar's spirutual insights,Arun's arrogant uprighteousness,Mahesh  Kapoor's political battles,Varun's gambling sagas, ,Mrs Mahesh Kapoor's  religous sentiments, Haresh's job struggles,rasheed's socialistic  tendencies  are superbly described and will be remembered by the readers  for a long long time. There are hordes of instances of heart touching  scenes,wonderful parliament speeches,witty remarks,lovely poems and tragic  aspects of religiuos intolerence which made &quot;A suitable boy&quot; a  must-read by any indian and  those who want to know about india in its  pristine spirit.<br />and I will finally end with a Kuku's  couplet..<br />Couldn't stop becoming seth's fan after reading 'A Suitable  boy',<br />which left me with tremendous satisfaction and  unlimited  joy.
B000007SIN|5.0|This recording is PURE perfection. Possibly the best recording I've heard to date. The DTS mix is incredible, and has spoiled me from any stereo recordings. I hope more titles are released on DTS, and the format  succeeds.
B00000K31Q|1.0|Anyone who likes this must have the IQ of a little kid. No one in this could act and the plot was just super weak dude
B00003CWPR|5.0|Every one of Kubrick's films (except maybe Full Metal Jacket, which I loved immediately ) has required repeat viewings with close attentiveness in order to appreciate its full grandeur. EWS is no exception. Not unlike  the first time I saw A Clockwork Orange, I hated EWS after my first  viewing.  I believed that it was no more than a tasteful porn flick.  But  once I got over the nudity and sex, It became obvious that this was  film-making at its purest state - a painting in motion.  The look of this  movie is absolutely exquisite. The lighting, perfect. The direction,  flawless.  Cruise's character is every single man who has ever been in  love.  Kidman's underused character is what every man desires in a wife.   The story Kubrick tells is thought-provoking and as usual, keeps you  guessing at every scene. This film will be studied, it will become a  classic.  It is a must have.
6305627401|5.0|Everything about this  movie is a classsic.The Dialogue is more crude and refrehing than the show  The songs clearly make it the last great musical of the millenium.Terence And Phillip Never sold out and Good ol Satan  showed his heart.Only complaint is Wheres Mr Hanky?
6304493738|5.0|I cant recommend this movie enough it keeps you glued to the tv and will withstand many repeated viewings but it is not a movie you can talk through(so watch it without your wife)you have to watch and listen  closely.the acting is second to none especially byrne as keaton+spacey as  verbal plus an excellent performance from the underrated postlethwaite this  movie has everything action comedy and an excellent ending just watch this  again and again.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I am a lifelong Santana fan and own all 30+ of his albums.  To the dismay of my lover and other friends I play them almost continuously and some I have never grown tired of in all these years.<br />I bought this album the day  it was released.  I admit I was less than impressed at first, thinking it  good but not one of the ones I'll be playing 30 years from now.  Some of  the guest stars such as Dave Matthews I enjoyed, others such as Lauryn Hill  I couldn't get into too much.<br />Since the grammy hoopla I've been playing  it a lot more and my mind has changed with repeated listenings.  This  really is a great album.  No, I don't love every single note and every  single cut but how many albums can you really say that about?<br />Carlos has  not sold out.  His guitar playing is as sublime, complex and mystical as  ever.  He has empolyed different musicians on every single album he's ever  made and has always covered music written by others.  So you longtime fans  who think he' sold out get real.  You're just some old foggies who don't  like change.  Carlos has changed consistenly throughout his career and this  is just one more step.  And if it's a commercial attempt, what's wrong with  that?
0767821769|4.0|I am a stepmom so I really understood what Isabelle was going through.I cried through most of the movie because it was so true  for me. I always say that there are no mean stepmothers just stepchildren and ex wives. I  have watched this movie many times and really enjoyed it every time.I  esspecially liked the Pearl Jam concert scene.
B000002BYD|5.0|why do people always criticize new pearl jam? it seems like since vitalogy nobody likes any of the new cd's.  i admit that vitalogy is their best cd but yield is second.  there are many great songs like &quot;no way&quot;  &quot;given to fly&quot; &quot;wishlist&quot; &quot;pilate&quot; and  &quot;push me, pull me&quot;.  those songs are great but  &quot;faithfull&quot; &quot;do the evolution&quot; and &quot;in  hiding&quot; are exceptional.  i don't know what people see wrong about new  pearl jam like yield but it is certainly better than ten and vs.
0767821769|4.0|I am a stepmom so I really understood what Isabelle was going through.I cried through most of the movie because it was so true  for me. I always say that there are no mean stepmothers just stepchildren and ex wives. I  have watched this movie many times and really enjoyed it every time.I  esspecially liked the Pearl Jam concert scene.
B00004NRWH|5.0|This is the first solid album of the new year . I've been waiting years for this type of album . No more of the rap influnced and hip-hop techno pop crap that we've been forced feed for the last 4 or 5 years . This album  is in the vain of early Bush X as they where first known in Canada . You  American's should get on the bandwagon with this band out of Alberta Canada  . This Album is full of solid rock songs . From start to finish . Turn it  loud !  Just like you would Led Zepplin . And furthermore if you like  buying CD's with more than one good song on it this CD has 10 !
B00003CWPR|5.0|Watching it is akin to gaining entrance into Kubrick's last great, perhaps greatest and most beautiful, labyrinthe.  Like a classic work of music or literature or painting, Kubrick's films grow with time.  And &quot;Eyes  Wide Shut&quot; is no exception.  Gorgeously designed and so fantastically  layered with detail that there is something new to look at and study with  each viewing... if the viewer will be open enough to have the patience to  do so.<br />Graceful, elegant, disturbing and terribly funny.  It is without a  doubt a brilliant film.<br />And the DVD presentation is stunning.  Not  widescreen and never shot that way.  Get it and savor every moment.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's done it again. Once again he presented to the world a masterpiece in movie industry. This is by far the best of Kubrick. What is a dream? What is reality? Where is the fine line between dreams &amp;  reality? Let Kubrick walk you through the movie. Kubrick always comes up  with a different approach to telling a story &amp; he did it with such  masterful skills. One has to marvel at how the story is told, how the  unreal (or real) images unfold before us &amp; how we will react to these  images. I am glad that Kubrick left us with such a Masterpiece &amp; I  regret the loss of him. Buy it, because you can watch it over &amp; over  again, each time a discovery, of what Stanley's trying to tell us about  love, jealousy, dreams &amp; reality.....
B00000255F|5.0|Where The Boss showed us what he had.  Rock.  Pure Rock.  Good Rock.  Driving Rock.  Rock Rock Rock. Get the picture?<br />Great early stuff, from the title cut, which now, thanks to twenty years of cushion, sounds better  than when it was heard on the radio just about every twenty minutes.  Thunder Road, Tenth Avenue, all just kick it.  But there is nothing better  that &quot;She's the One&quot;.  The band is great, The Big Man never  sounded any better on the sax.<br />You get the idea listening to this album  that these guys really enjoyed what they were doing.  It makes listening  even more of a joy.<br />Gotta have it.
6301247485|1.0|This movie was painful to watch. The dialogue was so inept it made &quot;Plan 9 from Outer Space&quot; sound like Shakespeare. The way it was filmed it looked like a soap opera (which the story pretty much is). The  book was decent and had some interesting moments. The movie was  faithful...too faithful, in fact seeing the dialogue actually spoken it  makes me like the book even less than now!<br />--Joey
6303212379|5.0|i must say that even though i'm now 18 i still LOVE this movie.  it has to be a clandestine classic!  all ages will find something to love in it!  the only thing that could improve it would possibly be the re-release with ALL  the cut scenes.
038532653X|4.0|Skellig is the story of a pair of young friends who find a cross between a human and a bird. They have an adventure, which involves them growing magical wings for a short time.  The author, David Almond, has made a  wonderful job of discribing the characters and their enviroment.  The poet  Willaim Blake also features, along side a heavy enforcis on birds, in this  marvelous piece of literature.
0553573403|5.0|The first installment of A Song of Ice and Fire reveals Martin's genius in creating a feudal society and the political machinations that went on behind the scenes.  The end result is that everything seems real...and it is  only when a direwolf or other non-earth creature appears that you remember  that this is not a (wonderfully done) recreation of European history,  Hadrian's wall and all.  (But then again, maybe it is!) His characters come  in so many assortments and with so much psychological depth that there is  always something new, something deeper to discover about an individual and  there is always someone you love to hate or to mourn with.  An author who  can do that on the scale that Martin does is truly a dedicated, talented,  hardworking author, and every page reveals that Martin is just that.  The  writing is superbly crafted, the situations and plot carefully and  intricately developed.  The book is full of many surprises and developments  that kept me unable to put it down, and I awaited the 2nd volume with much  anticipation and I'll read the 3rd as soon as it comes out.  This book  truly earned its 5 stars.
0440219078|3.0|Though THE GIVER was an interesting story, with interesting ideas, I felt it left much to be desired. I personally while reading the book kept waiting for it to be brought to the next, deeper, level but instead it  seemed to stay on one less meaningful platau. Also the ending of the book  made very little sense to me, and although intriguing to speculate upon, I  feel more shoul dhave been written.
0780619951|5.0|This is easily one of the greatest A-list pieces of garbage of all time!   Definitely of great interest to anyone who enjoys meaninglessly self-indulgent performances from actors who garner critical respect, yet  seem to act as though they are on a boatload of illegal substances during  filming.  Frankenheimer fans should enjoy his direction in a Sci-Fi  setting, especially considering the alledged circumstances.  For Cult only-   Average fans should stay away; it adds up to little more than the  equivelant of a great picture of an ugly person. (note.- Thewlis' facial  expression when the&quot;Mini-Me&quot; dwarf  attempts to shake his hand is  priceless!)
6304117302|4.0|Often compared to \\"Dances with Wolves\\", \\"Last of the Mohicans\\" is really more similar to \\"Black Robe\\", although not nearly as realistic nor as good.<br />I first saw this film on its release and was in awe of the  cinematography.  The movie is truly breathtaking and is action packed with  incredible battle scenes, yet it left me scratching my head.  Why?  I guess  it was the suddeness of the love affair between the male and female  protagonists.  One second they dislike each other, and a few scenes later  they are making love.  Obviously, something got left on the cutting room  floor...and that is really a shame.  Time was needed to develop this  relationship, and because it wasn't, the movie suffered.<br />I also felt that  this film was too modernized in its use of language and character portrayal  (mainly the protagonist--he didn't ring true for me--seemed like a 1980s  kind of guy).<br />On the positive side, there is much to love in this film.   The cinematography, the music, the camera angles are all exceptional.   Watching the protagonist with the two Indian brothers as they ran through  the forrest searching for game was a brilliant piece of film making.  The  portayal of Magua (the antagonist) was the strongest part of the movie.  He  was absolutely brilliant.<br />\\"Last of the Mohicans\\" is really an epic film  with many unforgettable scenes...some of which reminded me of Stanley  Kubrick's \\"Barry Lyndon\\".  All-in-all a solid film that had a chance for  greatness.  Between 1 and 10, I give \\"Last of the Mohicans\\" a marginal 8  and a plea.  Re-edit and put back what was left on the cutting room floor,  and re-release this fine film as a true director's cut.
0441003257|5.0|For those Hitchhiker's Guide fans, this is a must read! Never has the Apocalypse been more amusing. From a misplaced anti-Christ to Queen albums to the Four Motorcyclists of the Apocalypse...there is a laugh for the  aware reader at every turn. And look for the &quot;monkeys on nitrous  oxide&quot; reference...trust me...it's accurate.
0780622650|1.0|The DVD for Lost in space is probably the most loaded DVD I have: cut scenes, extra audio tracks, an episode guide for all original TV episodes, etc.  If not for the extras this DVD would be good for nothing more than a  drink coaster. Between September 1999 and January 2000 this DVD was one of  five given away free to new DVD owners via a special mail-in offer (others  being Lethal Weapon 4 and Stepmom).  If you find this DVD used make sure it  has a UPC code on back.  If it has the word PROMOTIONAL then it was a free  copy.<br />I never saw the original TV series, but I was a fan of William  Hurt, Gary Oldman, and Heather Graham.  They did a terrific job of acting,  but the story was so juvenile and the computer-generated spiders so  ridiculous I lost interest 20 minutes into it.  <br />Somehow the writers  wanted to mix in a dumb 'Dad was Never There For His Kids' theme into the  action. It was a horrible idea which spawned the inevitable line from the  youngest son Will: 'Dad, I can see how much you cared!'  Yuck. What  garbage.<br />If you like sci-fi then The Fifth Element was about 5 times  better than this movie, and Stargate about 3 times as good.
B000021Y74|5.0|The focus of this brief window into the lives of Lola and Manni was not the situation that they found themselves in, but how the effect of each instant of our existance can impact the rest of our lives. Through  miniscule changes in timing, we witnessed a domino effect that ended each  vignette drastically different.  Have you ever narrowly missed being in a  car crash? What if you had dropped your keys getting into the car, adding   several seconds that would eventually cause your course to parallel  anothers and converge in an auto accident. In the film, we see snap shots  of others lives as Lola runs past, the kid on the bike crashes, meets a  nurse, they marry, they live happily ever after.  Another vignettte, he  doesn't crash, and winds up a junkie.  In my humble opinion this is the  best movie I have ever seen that was able to illustrate how each day our  smallest deterances and decisions and those of others, can re-route the  course of things and ultimately change the course of our lives.
B000002H97|5.0|If I could, I would give this album 20 stars. Why? 'Cos is the classic of classics (of 90's). It's the best CD of Metallica. Metallica fans and no fans should buy it now. It's amazing. Better than Master Of Puppets.  Hetfield wasn't very young to spend his life to Thrash Metal. NOTHING ELSE  MATTERS is amazing. It's my favourite metallica song (after Master Of  Puppets and Battery). It's worth buying it. I prefer I have ONLY that CD of  having all other CDs of Metallica. Metallica strikes. The best song is  NOTHING ELSE MATTERS and then is THE UNFORGIVEN (I, not II). Don't forget,  this album was the #1 at metal charts. Buy it now, no matter its price.  Metallica ***DIDN'T SELL OUT***. The CD is better than everyone of Iron  Maiden or Manowar. It's the best CD of 1991! <br />A HAIL TO J. HETFIELD!
B00003CWPQ|4.0|I saw this film on opening day, which means that I loved it before the backlash began. Kubrick's films are not for every taste. Only certain sensibilities can appreciate them. <br />EWS grows on you. My first impression  was: &quot;Hey, this is a pretty good film that has some major flaws&quot;.  But the fact of the matter is that it has very few flaws. The so-called  flaws are really intentional, for the most part, because the world of the  film is a dream, a freudian odyssey into a man's sexual subconscious. You  may also find some similarities with Milton's Paradise Lost, which become  clear when you look closer.<br />A fascinating, engaging, moving and  ultimately beautiful film. Doesn't stand as one of Kubrick's major films,  but a perfect ending to a master's brilliant career and life. Thank you,  Mr. Kubrick.
B000002KHH|5.0|This album is a masterpiece. It is the &quot;guide&quot; for many Rock/Heavy metal bands. If &quot;Paranoid&quot; didn't exist, the history of heavy metal would was more weak. Why? Because &quot;Paranoid&quot; is  the START OF HEAVY METAL. Hear Paranoid or War Pigs. This music isn't  similar to 80's metal (although it is more rock)? Yes, of course it is!  This album is the best of Sabbath's albums (with Black Sabbath and Heaven  and Hell). Ozzy Osbourne is as GREAT as Dio is (I think that Dio is little  more good at vocals, of course in my opinion). This is a HUGE album (it  contains the WHOLE story of Rock/Heavy Metal). Bill Ward is also good, and  the whole band. When I bought Paranoid, I understand that it was (maybe)  the best LP of the 70's. The best tracks are War Pigs, Paranoid and Iron  Man. See also Hand Of Doom and Fairies Wear Boots. This is W O R T H buying  it. Hail to Sabbath! Let's ROCK 'N' ROLL!
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is nearly perfect in every way. It was the first real summer blockbuster, and to this day it's still the best. Unlike most of today's blockbusters, Jaws was blessed with a superb cast, a fantastic director, and a good screenplay.<br />Most of Jaws's success can be attributed to Steven Spielberg's masterful direction. He brilliantly utilizes the Hitchcockian method of showing less, thereby giving the audience more. By not showing the shark for the first hour of the movie and only showing the evidence of its strength and the aftermath of its attacks, Spielberg triggers the audience's imagination making the film all the more thrilling. <br />Peter Benchley and Carl Gottlieb's screenplay is well written. Now granted, this is not a brilliant character study but the script is more character driven than most of today's blockbuster scripts. Evidence of the screenplay's strong characters can be found in the extraordinary chemistry between them and their motives for their actions. <br />The cast does a fantastic job at giving life to the characters of the script. Roy Scheider wisely underplays his character, Martin Brody, making him very believable. Robert Shaw is absolutely wonderful as the sea-worn fisherman, Quint. Richard Dreyfuss is very convincing as the energetic, young scientist, Matt Hooper. Lorraine Gary gives a very naturalistic performance as Brody's wife, Ellen. Murray Hamilton does a nice job at playing the greedy mayor of Amity; the town endangered by the shark.<br />Many people complain that the shark looks too fake. Do sharks really look all that life-like to begin with? I personally think the shark effects could have been much worse; they weren't that bad.<br />Bill Butler's cinematography is first-rate. He brings the ocean right into our laps by placing the camera at the water's level. <br />Although there are a few continuity errors, Verna Fields's editing is very fast paced. Despite the fact that the shark is not seen for the first hour of the film,the movie still manages to be suspenseful and interesting.<br />John Williams's musical score, for this film, has reached legendary status for good reason. His simple use of a few notes to characterize the shark was ingenious. He brings the suspense/action scenes to life with his energetic score.<br />All of these fine qualities are why Jaws has remained one of my favorite films for quite some time.
0553284347|1.0|A &quot;solid majority&quot; of the clients of Dr. Susan Forward (that is, PhD, not MD)are victims of their abusive parents.  They walk into her office saying their childhoods were grand, and in the very next sentence  reveal repeated beatings, incest, alcoholism.  This is improbable, to say  the least. About half the book is a catalogue of horrors inflicted on  children by parents.  There is no attempt to verify the accusations, nor  any allowance for cultural relativity.  Symptoms of abuse include  pessimism, bad relationships, fear of abandonment, social insecurity, mood  swings, perfectionism, and workaholism.  That's a solid majority of most  people right there. Violence and criminality are not mentioned, though it  is generally thought that abuse passes on through the generations.  Naturally, adult children of parents who caused such mayhem are advised by  Dr. Forward to elicit an apology from their progenitors, and to minimize or  eliminate all contact. They are carefully coached to parry any  &quot;denial&quot; by the parents they are accusing.  I would advise all  parents to read this book before investing in therapy for their children.
0140177396|4.0|I had to read this book for school, so at first I didn't appreciate it.  Now, after I finished it, I think it is a great book.  I recommend this book to others.
B000021XS0|5.0|best concept album since Roger Waters' Amused to Death. wish i could give this album 6 stars. too bad their tour is over, because they are AWESOME live. this is a thinking man's band.
B00002E285|5.0|NO CUALQUIERA PUEDE COMPRENDER &quot;THE WALL&quot;, SE REQUIERE HABER ESCUCHADO A PINK FLOYD, ENTENDER REALMENTE EL ROCK, A ROGER WATTERS, DE QUE SE TRATA TODO EL MOVIMIENTO, ESCUCHAR OTRAS PROPUESTAS PROGRESIVAS, HEAVY,  SINFONICAS Y TENER UNA MENTALIDAD Y ACTITUD DE LIBERTAD ANTE TODO, HAY QUE  COMPRENDER LA DUALIDAD DEL SER HUMANO Y SU REACCION ANTE DISTINTAS  SITUACIONES. EN &quot;THE WALL&quot; CLARAMENTE SE OBSERVA, UNA DECLARACION  CONTRA TODOS LOS TIPOS DE REPRESION, TANTO FISICA COMO MENTAL, RETRATADAS  EN LOS MAESTROS, LA MADRE, LA PAREJA, LA SOCIEDAD EN SU PARTE MAS REPRESORA  Y DESTRUCTIVA. HAY HIPOCRESIA, HAY TRAICION, NO PUEDO OLVIDAR LA PARTE  DONDE LA PAREJA DE PINKY HACE EL AMOR CON UN ESTUPIDO, MIENTRAS EL ESTA DE  GIRA EN ESTADOS UNIDOS, Y AL FONDO SE ESCUCHA: &quot;NO ME DEJES, NO ME  DEJES AHORA CUANDO MAS TE NECESITO&quot;. YO CREO QUE PARA COMPRENDER  VARIOS ASPECTOS DE &quot;THE WALL&quot; ES NECESARIO HABER VIVIDO Y  EXPERIMENTADO ALGUNAS DE LAS SITUACIONES QUE SE RETRATAN EN EL FILME, COMO  ALGUNA MUJER QUE TE ABANDONA Y TE TRAICIONA, COMO UN MAESTRO QUE SE BURLA,  QUE EXPRIME, QUE EXPLOTA LAS MENTES INOCENTES DE LOS NIOS, COMO EL SER  VICTIMA DE LA FALSEDAD DE LOS DEMAS. HABIENDO VIVIDO ESTO, HABIENDO  ESCUCHADO A PINK FLOYD, TENIENDO UN CRITERIO AMPLIO, LA EXPERIENCIA DE  OBSERVAR LA PELICULA &quot;PINK FLOYD THE WALL&quot; ES SIMPLEMENTE  CHINGOSISIMA!
B000002JSN|5.0|By 1975, Led Zeppelin had established itself as the premier hard rock group in the world, which gave them the luxury to experiment and to release older tracks which normally wouldn't see the light of day.  Seven older  tracks were added to eight new songs to create &quot;Physical  Graffiti&quot;, and the result is Zeppelins finest studio  output.<br />&quot;Kashmir&quot;, although overplayed, still ranks alongside  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; and the latter &quot;Achilles' Last  Stand&quot; (from &quot;Presence&quot;) as one of the bands greatest  &quot;Zepics&quot;.  The real beauty of &quot;Graffiti&quot;, however, lies  with the songs which don't make the airwaves that often.  &quot;In My Time  Of Dying&quot; is one of Zeppelins underappreciated tracks.  Similarly,  &quot;The Rover&quot; , &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot;, &quot;Custard  Pie&quot;, &quot;The Wanton Song&quot;, and &quot;Sick Again&quot;  illustrate the band could still compose a compact rocker and play it with  conviction.  Jimmy Pages talent shines on &quot;In the Light&quot; and  &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot;, proof that while he may not have been on the  same technical level as his contemporary Jeff Beck, he was the most  expressive and well rounded guitarist of his generation.<br />The remaining  songs show off Zeppelins diversity and fearlessness: traces of funk  (&quot;Trampled Underfoot&quot;), country (&quot;Down by the  Seaside&quot;), and soul (&quot;Night Flight&quot;) grace  &quot;Graffiti's&quot; grooves, along with acoustic blues (&quot;Boogie  With Stu&quot;, &quot;Black Country Woman&quot;) and Pages shimmering  acoustic solo &quot;Bron-Y-Aur&quot;.<br />Performance-wise, it is not Robert  Plants finest hour, as he does sound hoarse in several songs, but his  bravado makes up for lack of technical excellence.  John Paul Jones  continues to stretch out as a performer and songwriter (check out the intro  of &quot;In the Light&quot; and his brass/string score of  &quot;Kashmir&quot;),while the late John Bonham maneuvers through the  complex time changes of &quot;In My Time of Dying&quot; and  &quot;Kashmir&quot; with ease, the former containing some of his most  powerful work.<br />The album is not an easy first listen, especially when  compared to earlier work such as &quot;Led Zeppelin II&quot;, but it is the  most powerful evidence that Led Zeppelin was at its creative peak.
0671027344|5.0|Perks of being a wallflower was one of the best books i have ever read.  As a 15 year old, i can identify with Charlie a great deal.  It taught me a lot about other people and about myself.  I would highly recommend this  wonderful piece of literature to anyone in the entire world, especially  people my age!
B000002JSP|3.0|During a time when record labels thought it would be prudent to cash in on the punk phenomenon of the late 1970s and almost went under in the process, this album brought kids into record stores and saved the industry.  That  said, the album is not viewed favorably amongst the buying public because  it lacks a &quot;How Many More Times&quot;-esque head-banger.  <br />Jimmy  Page, reeling in the depths of addiction, is not as prominent on &quot;In  Through The Out Door&quot;.  John Paul Jones, on the other hand, is all  over the place, be it on piano or synthesizer, and has 6 writing credits on  the album.  &quot;In the Evening&quot; is a fine opener (although Robert  Plant does sound like he guzzled a bottle of Liquid Plummer) and a song  which benefits mightily from Jones' contributions.  &quot;Fool In The  Rain&quot; and &quot;All My Love&quot;, the two most played songs off the  album on FM radio, are excellent examples of the skills of all four  members.  Page and John Bonham, in particular, are outstanding on  &quot;Fool&quot;, creating a sophisticated, layered sound which does not  rely on million-mile-an-hour guitar leads and over-the-top drum  bombast.<br />The 10 minute &quot;Carouselambra&quot; continues the fine  tradition of Zeppelin epics (&quot;Kashmir&quot;, &quot;Achilles' Last  Stand&quot;) with some excellent keyboard and bass work from Jones and  understated yet tasty double-neck guitar and guitar-synth work from Page.   Plants lyrics are indecipherable, however, without a lyric sheet.  But he  is crystal clear on &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl&quot;.  Page belts out one of his  pristine blues solos here, easily the best lead on the album, while Jones  has a synth-orchestra opening the track.<br />That leaves two other songs:  &quot;South Bound Saurez&quot; and &quot;Hot Dog&quot; are the true  definition of filler.  Page does not sound at all sober in his &quot;Hot  Dog&quot; lead, stumbling through pentatonic scales and sounding as if his  right hand is permanently attached to the B-string bender on his Telecaster  because he uses it so much. &quot;South Bound&quot; is one of the songs  which you can listen to on the radio if nothing else is on.  It is not the  quality of &quot;Fool In the Rain&quot;.<br />Overall, this album is good but  confusing.  It does have sparkling musicianship but some filler material as  well.  The production is not up to Page standards, either;  given his  health cicra 1978-79, it is not all surprising.  But what is strong is very  strong indeed. &quot;Carouselambra&quot; alone is worth the price of the  album.  It is also an interesting experience to listen to Zeppelin as they  musically evolved over the course of a decade.  &quot;In Through The Out  Door&quot; is an album a true Led Zeppelin fan cannot be without.
B000001IQH|5.0|Rock 'n' Roll does not get much better than this.  Rancid fine tunes the band and songwriting to blast out great song after song.
0140177396|5.0|Steinbeck deserves a standing ovation for this book. It tells so much in so few pages. It's a tale about two laborers working at a ranch to merely have something to eat. It quickly becomes more complicated than that, as  Lennie - the slow-minded giant - proposes an idea: a house, a farm, and, of  course, the rabbits. At first, it's just a dream, but then it becomes a  possibilty as they get together with an elderly man who happens to have  some money. Of Mice and Men is a wonderful story that reveals life as it  truly is, and that reminds us that the people we think are our friends  might just become our end.
B0000027I6|5.0|Just recently, I bought all three Waters' solo albums.  And, actually, you can see my review of Radio KAOS...but I still need to write my review of The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking.<br />Easily, this solo effort is his best.   I have fallen in love with the tunes 'What God Wants...' and 'Perfect  Sense'.  'It's a Miracle' is, perhaps, his best MUSICAL song of all his  solo stuff.  As with Radio KAOS, his infusion of female vocalists is  excellent....especially on 'Perfect Sense'.  The feeling in her voice is  incredible.<br />With the good, there is always some bad.  And the bad is  Roger's voice.  On most the tunes, he is talking rather than singing.   Maybe that's why I love the female vocalists so much....it's a relief from  his &quot;voice&quot;.  Still, the point gets across through his lyrics, as  has always been the case on his stuff.<br />I still give the album five stars.   His lack of vocals is offset by the meaning in his lyrics.  And if you  don't feel the female vocalist's pain during &quot;Perfect Sense&quot;, you  are an unemotional freak of nature....or perhaps dead....of course, I'm  just kidding here.
B00003CXDD|5.0|An astounding cinemagraphic masterpiece with scenes ranging from the tiny huts in the lush forest of the nelwin village, crossing breathtaking canyons, through intricate medieval set designs at the battle of Tir  Azleen, action scenes on the snow covered tundra, riding through ice  caverns on the shield of a Nockmar soldier, climaxing at the precipice with  the manacing castle of the evil Queen Bavmorda.      Accompanied by a  brilliant musical score composed by James Horner that perfectly accompanies  each scene ranging from triumphal adventure themes to those of mystical  wonder.      Not to mention a great cast of characters, from miniature  brownies, to nelwins, to daikinis; all are clothed with amazing costume  design that perfectly complement the characters in this great adventure.       Action, adventure, comedy, romance...Willow has it all!  Expect nothing  less from this Lucasfilm production.      So what's taking so long with the  re-release on DVD?  Did Queen Bavmorda banish it to the deserted island  with Fin Razelle?
6305750750|4.0|I do not understand the lousy reviews this film recieved when it was released in theatres.  Most critics complained about the lack of character developement.  What they failed to understand is that The Phantom Menace is  part one of a six part story.  The characters will develop in the series  next two installments.  The special effects in The Phantom Menace were  outstanding.  The pod race and the jedi's duel with Darth Maul are worth  buying this video.  I will admit that the political shenanigans of Senator  Palpatine will be better understood if you have seen the original trilogy.   Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace is a perfect first chapter to the  Star Wars Saga.
6304873441|3.0|The movie Anastasia's story line was original. But, things the characters did were comparable to Disney. For example, when Rasputen sings In The Dark Of The Night. The way the choreography is, is reminds me of Scar's Song in  The Lion King. The dog is like Abu to Alladin. Plus, the bat is like Eago  to Jafar.       The animation was well done. But, there were too many  digital scenes. When a door shuts, it's all digital and then the cut to a  scene that looks all drawn.       The movie was good, but it seems it was  put together too quickly. Thank you.
B000009ED0|5.0|i love kid rock! his songs r awsome and he is too!theres this song that says when i go marchin up to glory im gona have one hell of a story well he surely is. i love kid rock!
B000002U9Y|2.0|If you want to know a previous work to Dark Side of the Moon, please choose Atom Heart Mother or Meddle. Saurceful is a great experiment, very complex and is the base to the later (and better) recordings. But no more.
B000021Y77|5.0|I saw this film in Amsterdam: German language with Dutch subtitles - I don't understand either language.  Yet I was totally enthralled, and only rarely wished I could understand the dialogue - it is so dominantly visual,  and the music is fabulous.  I'll have to watch it again with English  subtitles, though, for those bedroom scenes where Lola and her boyfriend  are talking (the only scenes not totally action-based).  Euphoric - an  amazing energizer of a film.
B000002C1V|4.0|I don't care if it's a Waters solo, or what happened with Wright or Mason, or whatever...... I only hear music, and is great.......
B00004BZ16|5.0|The first time I listened to this whole album I was pulling a high-school all-nighter.  It seemed the perfect accompaniment.  Well, the assignment got done, but, more importantly, I'd found one of the best albums of all  time. Moving between genres, Sandinista not only captures a moment of the  Cold War, it presents some basic universal truths about greed,  rememberance, loss, war, childhood, and love.  In retrospect it is obvious  that some of the dubs were harbingers of change in music -- and still funky  enough to dance to.  The remaster has done the original justice.  This CD  is not for the rigid categorizer -- and beautifully reflects the eclectic  nature of an enlightened music collection.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie has PRoVeN itself to be ONE OF THE BEST movies of ALL TIME!  EVERYONE should buy this movie because it is just the BEST (BeST bEst BesT) there is (period). 99% of the people I have talked to say they absolutely  LOVED the movie and the other 1% LIKED IT A LOT!...I myself have seen this  movie at least 15 times! and I am still lovin' it! (I have the coolest DVD  in the world...among everyone else who owns ThE MatRix :) &lt;How can  anyone get tired of this movie? YOU CAN'T!  The whole cast is GReAT and  owning a part of this movie is something great as well (something to be  proud of)...THE MATRIX IS A &quot;MUST BUY&quot;...you will NOT regret  it!  INCREDIBLE.
038532653X|4.0|The book of Skellig is a very heart-warming story. It has powerful and strong messages many of which have a moral behind them. It is a story of love and faith between Skellig, Michael, Mina and the baby. In a way, the  baby and Skellig are linked together with strength-when Skellig regains his  strength,so does the baby as though they have a special bond.In parts of  the story,it is suggested that Skellig is the baby,s guardian angel.This  story is extraordinarily profound which any age reader will enjoy.
6302732786|5.0|I dont know why this great Concert (one of the greatest concerts ever) isnt on DVD format. Also, I dont know why other Queen videos arent on DVD, only &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; which is not a good video and it is  badly produced. Queen should release Live at Wembley, Greatest Hits  (avaliable only in Germany) and Magic Years!
B000001Y79|5.0|I think No Doubt is the best band in the world! And this cd proves it! This cd has a blend of all styles of music. Gwen Stefani has a powerful, yet energetic voice that just makes you wanna listen to more. Her voice  just catches you. Tony Kanal is a great bass player. Tom Dumont is a  wonderful guitar player who knows how to get a crowd pumped. And the  drummer, Adrian Young, he's a fantastic drummer, and the clothes he wears  is funny. The trumpet player and the trombone player are a show themselves.  No Doubt is a great band and i can't wait until Return of Saturn comes out,  I already have a copy reserved.
0425170055|4.0|I have read all of Tom Clancy's fiction so far and have been rarely dissappointed.  I thoroughly enjoyed this entry as well, although it seems to be written at a level one notch below his usual standards.  There is  lots of action and lots of insights into the world of anti-terrorism but I  felt one element was missing.  I never found myself fearful of danger.  All  of the Rainbow organization are supermen with little chance of being  bested.  You knew they were going to win out every time; the interest was  in how they would accomplish each mission.  The only time I was concerned  for the safety of the characters was when a different group of guys was  brought into the main action.  I expected some to die there, and they did.  It was like watching one of the original Star Trek TV shows where the one  guy you've never seen before that beams down to to the planet was the guy  you knew was going to get eaten by the slime monster.  I expect a lot from  Clancy so I am being very critical here.  Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed  this novel. It was an easy read, despite the number of pages, and the whole  thing flowed together nicely.  Read it for the action, read it for the  familiar characters, read it for the &quot;Good guys win&quot; feeling, but  just read it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have a new favorite.  &quot;Play&quot; has become the soundtrack to my life, and from the sounds coming through my ceiling it has for my neighbors as well.  No music has felt so natural to me in a long time.  I felt like I  had heard the songs before,  even though I hadn't.  If you only buy one  album this year, let this be it.  I don't know how anybody couldn't find  something that they like on this.
B00000099Y|5.0|I remember feeling dissapointed at first listen, but soon thereafter the album really began to grow on me until it became my favorite. I hope they plan on following this one up soon.<br />Thematically, I'm no music critic but  I recommend you read &quot;Man and His Symbols&quot; by Carl G. Jung et al  (the noted psychological pioneer) before trying to understand this one.  Anima/Enema nexus. Dialectic between the amgbiguity of the consciousness  and the unconscious archetype. Timothy Leary would have been proud. (LSD  recommended.)
630575067X|5.0|I know that a lot of people hate jar jar but, I really liked him.  This is the best movie of 1999 it is even better that &quot;The Matrix&quot;.  The lightsaber battles are the best.  I think this is the best Star Wars movie  yet.
0783240287|5.0|This is THE best DVD I own! Donny Osmond is great, but Maria Friedman is SENSATIONAL! I prefered this movie version to Cats because this is a real movie, where as Cats was just a film of the stage show. Do yourself a  favour and buy this DVD. You'll love it!
0441172717|5.0|&quot;Dune&quot; is an illustration of what normal people are capable of when faced with extraordinary danger and hardship.  When I first read it seventeen years ago as a teenager, it changed my life.  In my safe, comfortable bedroom in the suburbs of Canton, Ohio, I was shoved outside of  my comfort zone, really challenged, for the first time by a book.  Last  month, I read it again for the second time at the age of 32, and I'm happy  to report that the book is one of the few things from my teens to remain  significant and moving to me as an adult.  Another reviewer commented on  how it was disappointing that Paul seemed to &quot;become a different  person&quot; in the second half of the book.  Of course he did.  Just as  iron becomes steel, or coal becomes diamond; so do we change down to our  roots when we feel extradinary heat and pressure; the superfluous parts of  us are burned away, and the core of ourselves is revealed.  This isn't  always a pretty process, but the core isn't a bad thing; it is the best  part of us, like the heartwood of a tree.  It just isn't something we're  used to seeing.  For me, Dune is about the contrast between the ethos of  people who live in peace and security, vs. the ethos of people who live in  constant danger and hardship.  The value of Dune, in my opinion, is that it  is a good start in any attempt to begin to train the mind, to focus one's  inner power, to be human intentionally and not just by accident.  And  Heather B., if you are out there somewhere, thank you for introducing me to  this wonderful book so many years ago.  God Bless you, wherever you are.   Jefferson
B00002E233|4.0|When I saw the trailer for this movie I first thought, not forme. Then one day in the video store there was nothing in except forDeep Blue Sea. So I said what the hell. To my suprise the movie was pretty darn good. The story is completely different from Jaws, special effects were tight, sound FX smooth. Best of all the people who survive the calacalysmic night are the ones who deserved it. The DVD is complete with a documentary, deleted scenes and great sound and picture. A good addition to horror collections.  END
6305736650|5.0|I won't write even one word about the film itself; we all know how great it is.  But what I wasn't prepared for, was how astonishingly beautiful it is on DVD.  On my computer's 19&quot; monitor, it was as clear, crisp and  sharp as it would have been on the &quot;silver screen.&quot;  A TV really  doesn't do justice to a film like this.  Again and again my wife and I  found ourselves gasping at the perfection and beauty of the cinematography,  the lighting, the sets, the shots, the angles...  Even on a big-screen TV,  you only see a faint hint of this film's real beauty; but the DVD brings it  out in a way that only people who saw it in the theaters back in 1943 ever  got to see... until now.  Get a big monitor, a fast computer, and a good  sound system.  Then pop some popcorn, and be prepared to be stunned.
630516889X|5.0|The great comic book story starring Arnold, what more could you ask for? The story is inventive and the action is top notch. The DVD comes through with phenomonal picture and sound. Which makes it worthwhile to trade in  that deteriorating VHS classic for this Sci/Fi classic DVD. Definitly worth  investing in.
B00002E233|1.0|the only good thing about this movie was the title and the credits otherwise it was a waste of film
B00001ODHJ|5.0|Army of Darkness, aka Evil Dead 3, is a symbol of independent horror/adventure/comedy greatness. For this third outing director Sam Raimi(Darkman)went a different direction than the previous two Evil Deads.  It is formulated from the old Jason and the Argonauts adventure type  movies. With Bruce Campbell as the super dead-destroyer spitting out some  of the most memorable one liners, it only adds to the fun. You may have  heard his lines stolen by the Duke Nukem video game series. With the  original ending that gives a Planet of the Apes - esque doom finalle, its  worth seeing. The fianl cut ending is a tad more entertaining and leaves  you hoping for a sequal. A fine addition to any DVD collection.
B000002UYZ|5.0|The music is first rate but the 2 CD's should've been put on one disc. I made a CD-R of these two discs for my friend (for approx 40 cents for the disc!) and still had room to put more tracks from the blue album. Like I  said, modern technology is the best revenge.
B00000BKDY|5.0|In this album Maiden has started something new that went on in the following album, 7th son of a 7th son. Somewhere in Time is less heavy than the other Maiden Albums though more melodic and complex, the addition of  syth guitars gives it a  &quot;special&quot; sound. the album is diffrent,  but one of the best albums of Iron Maiden and for sure an Heavy Metal  masterpiece. The highlights in my opinion are: Heaven Can Wait, The  Lonleliness of the Long Distance Runner, and Alexander the great(Chack out  Adrian's Solo on that one! ).
B0000028P8|4.0|Mariah sounds really good in this recording. I only gave it 4 stars because of the amount of songs on it. Only seven!<br />The Highlights of this CD are Emotions, Someday, Make It Happen and I'll Be There
6300214559|4.0|For Historical Dramas, Hal Wallis is superb. Mary, Queen of Scots and Anne of The Thousand Days were both excellent movies. Lady Jane could have received Five Stars except for the historical misrepresentation of her head  over heels love for Guildford Dudley, whom she at best tolerated.  Lady  Jane was a victim of parents who were cowards, especially her mother Lady  Frances Brandon who &quot;waived&quot; her right to the Throne of England  as well as the death by beheading sure to follow an unsuccessful usurpation  of the Crown. Lady Frances had the Tudor ruthlessness as well as a streak  of cruelty towards her daughter absent in other members of the Tudor Royal  Family.  Jane's mother was first cousin to English Queens MARY and  ELIZABETH as well as King EDWARD VI and JAMES V of Scotland but this was  barely touched on in the movie. John Wood's performance as Northumberland  is superb as is Jean Laportaire as MARY TUDOR.  It is ironic that MARY's  mother Catherine of Aragon's marriage was conditional on the beheading of  the last male Plantagenet, demanded by Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain of  HENRY VII while their granddaughter MARY was forced to execute another  royal claimant of Tudor and Plantagenet blood as a condition to marry  Archduke Philip, Prince of Spain - and as with her mother resulted in a  wretched life and miserable sad death for both mother and daughter whom  many claimed at the time were cursed as a result of shedding innocent blood  for their marriages.  Lady Jane's mother Frances, Duchess of Suffolk  married very quickly after the death of her daughter and husband as she was  pregnant by her horse master Adrian Stokes.  The baby died and so did the  scheming duchess whom history doesn't record as having plead to her cousin  Queen Mary for her daughter's life.  The duchess should have been the one  beheaded, not her daughter the innocent pawn Lady Jane.  As a historical  note the Queen Mother of England is descended from Lady Jane's sister  Katherine Grey, while Cary Elwes who played Guildford Dudley is actually  descended from Guildford Dudley's elder brother Ambrose Dudley, Earl of  Warwick. Another irony is the last male Plantagenget who was executed by  HENRY VII was also styled Earl of Warwick.  Lady Jane and Guildford Dudley  were also distantly related by being descended from England's King EDWARD  I, the king made infamous by the movie BRAVEHEART which was entertaining  but historically almost worthless as a work of non fiction.
B000002A46|5.0|This is THE BEST christmas CD imaginable. Maraih has taken the boring old carols, and put some fun and Celebration back into Christmas. The highlights of the album are: All I Want For Christmas Is You, Joy To The  World and Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town.
0767903811|4.0|Like a bedroom mirror in the morning, Bill Bryson continues to reflect America as it is rather than as it thinks of itself.  His usually uncanny humour cuts through this country's endless self-illusions and imbecilic  idiocyncrasies with much precision, regularly doubling the reader over with  laughter in the process. Were I the head of the American Board of  Education, I would make his books compulsory reading in high school.   &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself&quot; would go a long way to open our  horrifically brainwashed youth's eyes to the often ludicrous reality of our  great nation.  And the kids would have fun in the process... Alongside Bill  Bryson, I would also include books by John Allen Paulos and Neil Postman to  round off the post-modern education of our future voters.        The book's  only weakness?  The wit is a little bit forced in places, which was not the  case in Mr. Bryson's previous efforts.
B00002Z88D|1.0|sorry metallica, but adding a symphony will not inhance your weak sound.  The album sounds just like any other of their albums, but with a background.  I do not recommend this album. Tried it, sold it, lost 10  bucks from it, and that's fine with me. In the end, they still just screech  into the mic with brainwashing sounds.  They're the same corporate  sell-outs as usual.  Sorry to let you know.
B00000IPAX|5.0|A lot of people are arguing: some say it's punk, some say it isn't. They're both right and wrong. It's alternative-pop-punk. <br />Anyway, about the album. I must say, it's really cool. I own this, Dude Ranch, and the  All The Small Things CD Single. (They're all good) Dumpweed was fun, Don't  Leave Me ruled, Aliens Exist was...oh screw it THEY'RE ALL GOOD. Yes you  heard me! I suggest each and every person who likes them from MTV or  whatever BUY THIS!
B00001NFCY|5.0|What more can I say... It's awesome!   The guys mix rock with some flavor which adds up to an utlimate album.  Also, with no curse words, this is a great album for all ages.  Go try it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|hey watup everyone!  i definitley think everybody should own this CD--it is my fav. CD in the WORLD. its an awesome CD with great songs--anyone who doesnt own it should buy it right NOW...or else you'll never know what your  missing:) peace-jenny
0140282033|5.0|My husband gave me this book for Valentine's Day. Thank you for a book that made me smile for a change!  I savored it for the sweet treat that it was! Harris is artful with her details,  subtle clues and her fantastic ending! I definately fell in love with the  characters and would LOVE a sequel!
630242335X|5.0|I have a confession to make. I've always been a trekker at heart. It's true. I've always been a Sci-Fi fan as well. But this movie has really taken me beyond that point. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for  action/adventure film. But once in a while, I get the hankering for  something thought provoking. When was the last Die Hard with a Vegance did  that to you? This movie has expressed what I feel to be a accurate of a lot  of people's feelings about the (then) current events in Russia in the early  90's. This movie really helps kids, teenagers, and people a like that peace  is sometimes neccasarry to fight and that it is worth fighting for. Without  a doubt, one of, if not the best Star Trek films. Director Nicholas Myers  (Time After Time, Star Trek II) produces a fablous thriller air that will  draw you into the experiance. It promotes all the mood and atmosphere of  The Hunt For Red October, will still manageing to send several messages  across that provide points to ponder for hours. The humor and action is  blended nicely and the Star Trek cast are at there best acting yet! The  symbolism works well and expresses realistic feelings and fears.
6304406096|3.0|I like James Bond, no matter which actor plays the role. Connery is the original Bond and a tough act to follow. Moore is suave but a bit wimpish. Dalton looks like a Shakepearean Bond. Brosnan doesn't even act English.  But I felt comfortable with them all under EON/UA because of the Bond  theme, gun barrel intro and the things that make Bond -Bond (M, Llewelyn as  Q, etc.) NSNA has the same Bond characters but they all seem like strangers  to me, even SEAN. The plot and story lines are good but the absence of the  music and even the familiar and peculair sound of Bond's pistol makes this  movie uncomfortable to viewers who savor the stereotyped Bond movies. But  here is hope. If EON can refurbish the movie (now that MGM owns it) by  putting on the usual Bond trimmings (BOND theme, gun barrel intro, etc.,  NSNA stands a chance to be a top Bond grosser after a reissue. Hey, they  spruced up the Star War trilogy and every one liked it, so why not NSNA.  Purists should not complain since a refurbishing will make NSNA a true Bond  film in every sense of the word.
B000002A3T|4.0|The simple division that all Floyd fans know is that Roger wasthe genius behind the Floyd's lyrics, and Gilmour (and Wright) behindthe music. While Gilmour needed help writing the lyrics, so Roger had help with the music on his solo albums. So, if you prefer the lyrics, stay with Roger's solo endeavours; but for the music, begin with Cluster One, a strange duet over a background of black-body radiation suggesting first contact. Or most particularly Marooned, a primal scream about the slaughter of whales. The latter in particular was Wright's contribution, with a pedal steel overlay by Gilmour. Wright himself weighs in with track #6, and is the creepiest view of drug addiction. One way this album shines over the Momentary Lapse of Reason is that the music represents the union of Gilmour and Wright and is not a glorified solo album. Another is that this actually has a theme - the failure to communicate. Gilmour's lyrics (with appropriate help from Polly Samson) address the breaking up of relationships very well, notably two songs that must be about the departed Roger Waters. However, High Hopes with the sombre tolling of the bell and guitar solo which evokes black flames at the end, seem to be a look back on a career that has drawn to a close. I only hope there is a new Floyd record out soon to prove me wrong.  END
B000002IJO|5.0|Mix or rock and dance, Stephen Pearcy has that great deep voice. Slip of the Lip is my all time favorite song.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Red and Meth tear it up on this album. it is one of the best of 99, and the beats will get your system bumpin every time you play it.
B000002KOO|5.0|No sarcasm in my review title.  This album is a classic, it is meant to play on and on, etc. This is THE Fleetwood Mac album.  The early blues stuff is great, the later pop stuff, well I can take or leave, generally  leave, but this is the real thing, a great transition from the blues/blues  rock sound to a more rock/blues sound. Not a bad tune on the album.   &quot;Oh Well&quot;, of course a masterpiece, &quot;Rattlesnake  Shake&quot;, &quot;Before the Beginning&quot;, masterpieces, and  &quot;Closing My Eyes&quot; my personal favorite Peter Green song of all  time.  Perhaps one of the top 10 albums of all time.
B000006045|5.0|Deep, dark, sexy. This album is for all of you who enjoy sound that you can totally immerse yourself into.  this is definitely one of my favorite albums.  as if the music weren;t enough, the varied voices provide the listener some of the most interesting and beautiful ear candy one can  devour.  if you enjoy this album, be sure to pick up Soma Sonic-Future,  Portishead-Dummy, Lamb (self-titled), Goldie-SaturnzReturn,  Underworld-Beaucoup Fish.
6305750750|5.0|People who don't like Jar-Jar Binks are idiots ! I am very fond of Star Wars and of Jar-Jar Binks who is my close and personal friend. Every morning, I wake up and speak with him and he always answer me. My house is  the millenium falcon, my father is Obi-wan and i sleep with the princess  Leia. I don't know other movie than Star Wars, I watched if 2500 times,  every evening I say my prayers for Darth Vader. In my garden, there are  some Ewoks and I am very proud to feed them with Star Wars cereals, and my  dog (Yoda) like to play with them.  Really, i think that people lack of  imagination, this is so difficult to think that the president of the  country is the emperor Palpatine ? In next election i will vote for Jar-Jar  Binks. I bought very Star Wars items : tooth brush, underwear, food, tie,  shorts, shockets, car, television, pc and more. Don't believe idiots people  who don't like it, they are empire agents ! There is only one good movie in  the world and it is Star Wars.<br />Georges Lucas is my god and i will always  believe in him. May the force be with you !
B00003CWPR|5.0|Being a psychotic film lover, I've seen innumerable movies in my life.  But never have I seen a film so encyclopedic in form/content technique as Eyes Wide Shut.  It's scene pacing, dialogue nuancing, use of camera  movement, cinematography, film editing, and music scoring all connect with  how the director viewed the material--never before have I seen such a  precise realization of a director's point-of-view (not just on infidelity  and sexual jealousy, but any subject).  But even moreso, Kubrick did on  this film what I don't think any other director has even tried or succeeded  at:  he was able to move from scene to scene the same way a musical  composer smoothly and subtly switches from mood to mood--he uses all the  tools available in the medium to seamlessly make the viewer switch from  being frightened to eventually making them laugh at a humorous situation  and then making them afraid again, and then shocked, then uneasy, etc.  For  instance, Tom Cruise is told by his wife that she is not as comfortable  with their marriage as he thought.  Then, in a taxi, he imagines her in bed  with a naval officer. In the next scene he arrives at the death bed of a  patient, whose daughter pathetically tries to seduce him--and no matter  what the mood of the particular scene is, we remain firmly entrenched in  the film's themes of illicit sexual relations and depravity vs. fidelity.   This movie is the definitive emotional roller-coaster of cinema.  I'm sure  you're saying, 'don't most movies do that?' Actually, most movies stay on a  constant emotional journey, such as a constant rising of fear or a constant  rising of laughter (with the occasional self-indulgent detour from the  theme).  But this one explores every possible mood it can conjure up. It  does EVERYTHING.
0783222149|4.0|There's no denying that Meryl Streep is one of her generation's finest actresses (if not the best of all time).  So what's she doing an action movie?  It's not quite that simple.  Directed by L.A. Confidential's Curtis  Hanson, River Wild is a tuant and suspenseful thriller that does for  rafting...(I'll spare you the cliche).  The film's central antagonist is  played to melevolent perfection by Kevin Bacon as a theif who when all else  fails hijacks a riverraft, it's guide and her family.  After the characters  are adequently devolped Hanson leads us right into the action, playing to  our fears of nature and eachother.  Filling the supporting role of Bacon's  dim acompliss is John C. Reilly (who made his biggest impression on me as  Chest Rockwell in Boogie Nights). Also watch for Ben Bratt as Indian Johnny  (a nickname given to his character in a particularly humorous and equally  threatening scene with Bacon).
B000001FS3|5.0|This CD is what drew me into the true U2ness. I first heard the album POP, which interested me, and I figured that they were just another European band that had some good music. In other words, I thought that I would hear  more U2 and not like it much. Boy, was I wrong. Heck, the use of that word  - BOY - is an interesting album of theirs, too. Neways, I really got wound  up in U2 after hearing The Joshua Tree, which is the most amazing album  that U2 put out after their October album. (Yeah, I actually like October  better than this, but it still is amazing.) I hope that many others can  enjoy U2 for any way that U2 is. Don't just like the '80s or just the '90s.  Like U2 for U2. Love the music for being from the most amazing band of the  late 20th century.
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is one of the most haunting and beautifully made movies I think that's ever been made.  The story and the symbols continue on and on and never seem to tire of new interpretations.  Henry is haunted by his own  problems and contemplates the most ultimate of self-destructive behaviour.   I think this movie deserves a premier place in cinematic history as the  most visually and symbolically rich film of the latter half of the 20th  century.  It's a masterpiece that I believe is duplicated in Lynch's recent  movie Lost Highway.  LH is essentially a re-make of Eraserhead but  obviously murder, in Lynch's eyes, doesn't quite capture the depression and  horror of suicide.  Both movies take place within the mind of the main  characters.  In the end Eraserhead is by far the better movie and the  better story because it was ground breaking.  You can't rate this movie on  the scale provided.  It surpasses the scale for sure.
0767802470|5.0|I have seen this movie twice.  Each time I find myself feeling very sick and nervous.  The plot and acting are superb.  Suspenceful, well written, expertly acted, and engrossing.  Watching the movie twice allowed me to see  it once in English and once in German (with subtitles).  I didn't like the  English acting as well as the German.  The English voices didn't fit as  well as they should.  This is a German movie after all, so watch it in  German first.  You wont be disappointed.
6305265488|5.0|Oh, this is one movie I can watch over and over again (and I do) and I still won't get tired of it!  It has comedy, strength and love all in one and it shows some truth to the phrase &quot;Good things come to those who  wait&quot;. I waited for a good movie and I got one!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Please buy this, because if you haven't heard it, you truly do not know what you are missing.  In my opinion, the most fluid, coherent, touching musical statement ever released.  This album comes closer to  &quot;perfect&quot; than anything I have ever heard.  My request is this--  buy it, listen to it about ten times (absolute minimum), and then e-mail me  with your reaction.  I would particularly like to hear from someone who was  not impressed with &quot;London Calling&quot; and find out why (and maybe  knock some sense into them).  I don't know what else to say except obtain  and listen.
0446310786|5.0|This classic should be made required reading for every person in every culture and in every country. If only everyone would read it, and truly understand, identify with and 'learn' from the story and the message found  within its pages, I believe the world would be a happier and peaceful place  to live in for all.<br />&quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; is a 'rich' and  compelling story set in 1930s Alabama. It's a story about the purity and  innocence of children, about justice (or the lack of it), racism,  hypocrisy, human compassion, trust and love (all issues we can relate to)  told from the experiences and perspectives of a small child (Scout).<br />The  writing is wonderfully beautiful and charming. You'll fall in love with the  depth of inner beauty and innocence found in the 2 children (Jem, and  especially his sister, Scout/Jean Louis). You'll find yourself rooting  passionately for their father (Atticus Finch) to win his case when he  chooses to defend a black man on trial for life, despite much social  pressure on Finch to give up the case and veiled threats against him and  his family. Watch for the part where Finch cross-examines the  &quot;victim&quot; (a white girl who accuses the black man of rape) and  during his closing speech. Both are excellent courtroom drama (the best  I've come across) and they also reveal a lot of the (ugly) truth behind the  case.<br />Atticus Finch's sense of justice, perseverence and fighting spirit  (the way he stood his ground) are most inspiring and touching. Based on  what he believes in, he knows he must &quot;do the right thing&quot;, all  the more since he has 2 young children who look up to him for guidance on  the difference between right and wrong.<br />I also loved reading the precious  scenes involving Atticus and his children - Atticus is really a  &quot;beautiful&quot; person and a perfect role-model of a dad - at once  loving and understanding and patience and fair.<br />And what about the  mysterious recluse, Arthur &quot;Boo&quot; Radley who hasn't left his house  in years and has become some sort of a terrifying yet intriguing  &quot;legend&quot; among the neighbourhood children? Is he really the  madman or evil spirit that the children believe him to be?<br />This book (and  another winner, &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; by Frank McCourt) should rank  highly in everyone's list of must-reads. What a true gem! Read it and be  charmed.
1573226521|5.0|After several days in Bankok myself I really think that Alex Garland has captured the true atmosphere of Thailand.  I thought this was a great read.  I don't usually go for adventure books but seeing as I had been to Thailand myself I was interested to see other people veiws.   Well done  Alex for a great book and look forward to your next journey.
0679720200|5.0|Camus's hero, Mersault, is a lost man, a stranger in the society he inhabits. He knows nothing and cares for nothing but himself. At his mother's funeral, he finds it impossible to show emotion. But in one  premeditated gesture of self-liberation, a gesture by which he breaks the  social bonds that submerge his individuality, he kills an Arab on the shore  - in cold blood and seemingly for no reason - by firing five shots into him  and thus fully realising and concretising himself as an authentic being in  control of himself. This is the premise of the novel, an existential  classic, on a par with Kafka's &quot;The Trial&quot;.
6303014100|4.0|This film is one of the greatest reinactments I have seen. Michael Shaaras novel was brought to the screen with extream detail.
B0000025JT|5.0|Excellent. The Best!  I have been looking all over for her disco songs, and this one has it.  These are the rare songs that you do not find in any of her new C.D.'s.  This one is a Keeper! Worth every penny spent!
0140340203|1.0|It was a cold winter day. It was the day our teacher started reading us &quot;The Witches&quot;, a popular book by Roald Dahl. A few days later I bought it and started reading. I would call this, next to &quot;The  BFG&quot;, Dahl's worst book. First of all, how could they kill every kid  in the world, while there was only 85 of them?(in England, at least.)  Secondly, we never find out Our Hero's name, not even his parents or  grandmama! Thirdly, a mouse? Stupid. If you want &quot;real Dahl&quot;,  read the books that most people call &quot;Dahl's Greatest&quot;:  &quot;James and the Giant Peach&quot;, &quot;Charlie and the Chocolate  Factory&quot;, and &quot;Matilda&quot;. Including &quot;The Witches&quot;  and &quot;The BFG&quot;, these are the only Dahl books that saw the silver  screen.
0804106304|5.0|Once able to differentiate between the various narrators, this novel is nothing but a joy to read.  It is beautifully written and may even make the reader re-examine their own relationships.  This novel explains the struggles that four mothers from China experience while raising their  daughters in America.  Torn between traditions new and old, the reader is  made to feel apart of the women's lives and left always wanting more.  This  book is guaranteed to keep the interest of anyone who picks it up.
0671027344|5.0|this is a response the entry from a reader from detroit,michigan, written january 5, 2000.  i read it, and i had to agree withhim or her.  my earlier entry was all for the book, because i thought it was great, i still do, but my feeling has somewhat changed, i must admit.  the reader who wrote that entry recognized the negative points in this book, but all of it is true.  charlie is only portrayed as the nice, somewhat innocent 15 year old he is, and as nothing worse. he does some things wrong, but he, in the end, is near perfect.  even though he is screwed up, your compassion for charlie is overwhelming, and you seem to forget that he doesn't seem that real.  i still say that this book is very inspiring, but not well-written.  some of the &quot;letters&quot; just seemed too bookish for me, with direct quotes and too much detail for letters.  i recommended this book to my boyfriend, and he, along with other friends, also found it very helpful to problems we face as teenagers.  i'd just like to point out that this IS a great book, but before buying, read detroit, michigan's entry, and then decide.  END
0553573411|5.0|This book is a beautiful find! The plot twistings and turnings constantly keep you in suspense, waiting to find out what happens next. There are books that are boring because the ending is obvious and easily guessed  early on. This book is NOTHING like that! When I was reading it, I  constantly kept changing my guess as to who was doing what and why. This  book is detailed with realistic characters and uncommon plot threads. I  loved this book!
B000002HH2|5.0|I think that you should know that Bjork probably isn't like any other CD you've listened to. First off there's her voice. Her beautiful Icelandic accent shows through in her music and creates beautiful sounds that shocked  me the first time I heard it, and it still does. Second, the songs are  wonderfully written and produced, with a awesome combination of pop,  quasi-techno, and ballads. This is definitely one of my favorite CD's with  one of the most unique sounds. A must have for those looking for a little  somethin' new to add to their music collection.
068485743X|4.0|Most books about writing tell us what to do.  This book, however, takes the opposite approach and tells us what not to do.  As an editor, Noah Lukeman shows writers why their manuscripts are rejected by both agents and publishers time and time again.  After defining the problem spots, the  author gives us examples and then follows with exercises to help correct  the problem.  The only criticism I have of the book lies with the examples.   They are truly dreadful.  I'm sure the author made them up to illustrate  his point, but I, myself, would have found examples more helpful had they  been drawn from actual books.  This book, however, is very useful, both for  the beginner and the more advanced writer and will go a long way toward  keeping you out of the rejection pile.
B000002KBH|5.0|Doesn't everybody already own this album?  I'm an old Deadhead - so you can calibrate my remarks.  This is the best place to start in learning about the GD.  If you had to own to just one GD album, this would be it.   Box of Rain, Attics of My Life, Brokedown Palace, Ripple - all beautiful  poetry in their own right.  Hunter-Garcia, what a KNOCKOUT combination!   Cherish well Jerry's voice here - as his singing voice declined markedly in  his later years.  What a burst of creativity American Beauty is. Buy this  one, then go listen to some of their live albums - Live Dead, the  &quot;Skull &amp; Roses&quot; album, or Europe 72, and you'll get a glimpse  of what it was all about.
B00001ZULV|3.0|Most of the major commerical hits are on this CD, which is why I bought it.  Carpet Crawlers was a big loser, as far as I was concerned.  They shouldn't have included that song at all.  Overall, this is a good album.
0767809246|3.0|really great  movie but i wonder why it got three stars.it should of got 2 or 2 and a half or something.the plot wasnt that good.and i was hoping for a happy ending but at the end i was dissapointed.but it had good music and  it was kinda funny,too.overrated,though.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I have a collection of over 825 cd's from the rock and roll era (1950's-Present). And while it is impossible to say what is the one and only greatest album of all time, there really is no question in my mind  that this is one of the top five or ten albums ever recorded.   Maybe Sgt  Pepper's is better, maybe Revolver is better, maybe Born In The USA is  better, but top to bottom this is one of the greatest records ever made.  End of Story.
B00004NRWH|5.0|Remembering when Creed was really nothing and then watching them explode gives me the same feeling when i heard this CD! Great crunching guitars, and flowing vocals, its almost a mix of old Silverchair, meets Bush, meets  Creed, and it hits on all songs from first to last. Pick it up ASAP!
B00000IL1K|3.0|While I definitely give Sarah Brightman five stars when it comes to musicals and popular music, I have to agree with those reviewers who said her voice lacks the power, range and dramatic artistry of an operatic  soprano.  While not great, this CD is still quite pretty and I'm not sorry  I bought it.  The real positive of Brightman's foray into opera is the fact  that the general public will probably begin to listen to it more and start  educating themselves in the art and craft of the world's finest music.
B000000OQF|3.0|When you listen to this album, you will think of what might had been for this band. This was Guns N Roses first album, and the only one that made any sense. The songs in this one sum of the rest of their music careers--  WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE.<br />If IT'S SO EASY, why couldn't they do better and  better albums?  Well, the rest was probably written on that NIGHTRAIN.  Slow and boring.<br />It certainly didn't become a PARADISE CITY around this  band, as they kept claiming the critics are OUT TA'GET ME.<br />No, they just  needed better lyics than ANYTHING GOES.<br />MR. BROWNSTONE pointed out what  probably was the real truth-- too much booze and drugs to keep it  going.<br />If only they has listened more and tried to THINK ABOUT YOU, they  would have written better songs. No, YOUR CRAZY was the reply. We are the  best.<br />Well, this was the best album, but that isn't saying much.<br />If you  only want one G N R album, then buy this one. Half the songs are OK, the  others are so-so.<br />That is why it barely rates three stars.
B000001GYC|4.0|Daniel Barenboim has always been one of my favourite pianists. I know him mostly as a Beethoven interpreter, but his recording of &quot;Songs without Words&quot; is up there with the best Ive heard.  The sound quality is as  good as you have come to expect from DG and the performance is crystal  clear and precise at all times. I aquired this recording beacuse I was keen  to play some of the pieces myself but Barenboim has a few ideas of his own  that I dont quite agree with. Most of the songs are played just as I  imagine Mendelssohn wrote them, but some of them fall out and leaves a  &quot;not absolutely perfect after all&quot; feeling inside you. However,  if you are a fan of Barenboim you will love this recording. These wonderful  songs deserve a unique performer like Barenboim. If youd like to listen to  Barenboim at his best I suggest that you listen to his Beethoven  recordings, and especially the sonatnas.
0671042858|5.0|This story has that new psychological twist that I have seen more and more in Stephen King's writing.  It isn't so much the gory &quot;blood &amp; guts&quot; anymore.  I think that's great.  Don't get me wrong, I like  gore, but I like a good thriller better.  And as always, Mr. King has the  ability to draw you in and make you feel like you're a part of the tale.  A  must read!
0783225733|5.0|Ron Howrd's Apollo 13, while being one of the most historically accurate movies ever made, is full of fun for people of all ages: special effects for computer animation buffs, a space story for smaller children into that  sort of thing, and an emotional drive full of suspense and drama that will  satisfy almost anyone who sees this movie. The performances by Tom Hanks,  Bill Paxton and Kevin Bacon are nothing short of excellent, and their  changes from one mood to the next are handled with the kind of talent that  should be existent in all movies. The special effects, done by the effects  king Digital Domain, put the viewers in space with the astronauts, making  this movie more believable. James Horner's moving score adds depth to the  emotional experience, evincing sypmathy and suspense throughout. This movie  is one of Hollywood's finest movies, and restores my faith in filmmaking.  The DVD edition is great, including lots of special features, three  different languages, and hosting brilliant colors and a vivid image.
6305358567|5.0|I realize that this movie is historical fiction. But as fact-less as the story may be, it is an amazing story still. Cate is glorious as Elizabeth, and this movie has made her one of my all time favorites as an actress.
B000002KH3|4.0|How many times have we seen a band come out with one good first album, and then a bunch of trash after that? <br />Well, that has happened to Van Halen too, and this is the only good album they have [their first].<br />It is  really too bad as they had lots of potential. But they blew it.<br />This one  has great guitar and decent vocals, before the egos got in the way later.  This shows what desperation can do-- make you actually work at  something.<br />RUNNIN' WITH THE DEVIL is titled well, as this band did that.  They ran with him on the back of this album for the rest of their careers,  sadly never acheiving this level again. Roth limped back later after a sad  solo effort, and Sammy Hager added little in the middle years.<br />So we are  left with this, as the only effort that acheived what this group is capable  of. Sad but true.<br />The songs on this one are pretty much the only ones  played on the radio too, which goes to show how weak the others are. So  take my word and stick to this one only, and you won't go wrong.<br />JAMIE'S  CRYIN' over this one.
B000001ZS4|5.0|Who has made the best synth album ever? Well, some would say Schulze, some would say Kraftwerk, some Tangerine Dream and some Jean Michel Jarre. I guess that the question can never be answered - its a matter of taste  really.  One thing is for sure though. When it comes to the ability of  making atmospheric soundscapes and cathcy themes, Jarre beats them all.   Equinoxe was released back in 1978 and synth albums from that period often  sound outdated because of the progress with computers and synths in  general, but Equinoxe will never become outdated. Jarre has a unique eye  for detail and even though Ive listened to this album hundreds of times I  still find new things in the music that I havent heard before. The album  is complete, meaning that it never loses the atmospheric feel. The music  isnt just in the room when you listen to it - it surrounds and embraces  the room.  Many have tried to recreate the feel of this album and all of  them have failed miserably, no one has ever come close - except for Jarres  own Oxygene. The &quot;hit&quot; songs of this album would be Equinoxe 4,5  and 7. To me there can be no doubt. This is the best album ever and you owe  it to yourself to listen to it. If you dont belive me just read the rest  of the reviews.
B00000JZC4|3.0|as if 27 is older, but anyway...<br />is it me or does &quot;Take A Picture&quot; sound like a Janes Addiction song?   Doesn't really matter, how things go in cycles, the song is catchy.
0393317552|4.0|&quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot; is on of those books that makes you cringe as each piece of the well-constructed argument unfolds -- cringe, because you wonder why it has taken so long for somebody to think this up,  and why, in fact, you didn't think it up yourself.  Diamond draws upon a  wealth of expertise in fields as diverse as botany, zoology, archaeology  and anthropology to produce a non-racist, environmental explanation for why  European peoples came to dominate the globe.  You may have to read it in  order to believe it.  As the simplicity and obviousness of Diamond's  multi-layered argument unfolds, it has the reader repeatedly slapping his  hand on his forehead and saying &quot;duh&quot;.  You wonder why, for so  many years, so many of us have subconsciously entertained simplistic,  culturally-based explanations of the &quot;backwardness&quot; of the  world's colonized peoples.  Now we know the true story, and we owe a big  vote of thanks to Jared Diamond for writing it.  Even if his detailed  explanations are a bit long-winded and repetitive at times, he makes up for  this shortcoming with just enough amusing anectodes about the ironies  inherent in the &quot;fates of human societies&quot; to make this book an  expansive and delicious read.
B000035Z3K|5.0|... you've probably seen this movie, &amp; have your own opinions or reasons for or against it.  What intrigued me was the idea of the Kronos Quartet's Philip Glass score ... and in that i was not disappointed -- but  then, i enjoy a lot of Glass's music.  &amp; If you've read this far you  probably have your own opinions as regards to Glass's music.  Other  reviewers have commented that the movie tends to become a bit stagebound  when the locale changes to England; it is here that the score really tends  to move the 'action' along.  I first got this on VHS, &amp; for some reason  the picture quality seems at least as good as the DVD.  Of course the DVD  is the better buy -- especially if, like me, you feel ripped off in getting  only one version of a film.  I've been curious about the Spanish version  for several years now, &amp; while available seperately on VHS, this is the  most cost-effective way to go.  &amp; As another reviewer has noted the  source material seems to have been of higher quality.  &amp; one more thing  -- it is my two-and-a-half year old daughter's favorite movie!  Perhaps the  hypnotic quality of the music accounts for some of it, but the idea that  this is one of the early talkies is probably more to the point.  Nearly  every line, every voice, is distinctive in a way that modern movies are  not.  Perhaps also the idea that this was in effect an 'enhanced' stage  production, &amp; the actors may have been more accustomed to 'playing to  the peanut gallery.'  Whatever it is, my girl will watch  &quot;Drac-u-la!&quot; again &amp; again as if it were Barney ...
B000021Y77|4.0|The DVD of RLR has the best secondary commentary track I have heard. It is refreshing to hear an intelligent director and actor discuss the movie as it unfolds instead of a monologue from some hack who says &quot;This was  real cool. Actor X is awesome to work with.&quot; The movie itself is fast  paced and stylistically stunning, and it holds up to multiple viewings.
B000002JK4|5.0|Roberts second solo release remains my favorite.  Recorded, apparently, at Dave Edmunds Rockfield Studios, this offering fairly brims with atmosphere and drama.  Robbie Blunt contributes some virtuoso guitar work in those  banjo-like tones that work so well with these compositions.  Roberts vocals  were never finer and every track has a subtle quality of its own.  I  suspect Phil Collins had some influence on the somewhat Brand X like  quality of this recording.  My personal favorite is Stranger here.. than  over there.
0312243022|3.0|I found myself a little disappointed with this widely acclaimed piece of literature.  There is no doubt in my mind that the writing style and meticulous detailed writing of Mr. Cunningham is exquisite, but as far as  the plot was concerned, I was left wanting much more than what was given.   Having read virtually everything by Virginia Woolf, I was impressed by his  portrayal of her character, but the intertwining of the others that was so  strongly applauded by critics did not entirely put me in a state of awe.   The novel, as many of the reviewers pointed out, presented the flaws of  humankind, but it did not make me care one ounce about the outcome of any  of the people involved.  I was left with a lackluster feeling of something  that was unfinished, when I had anticipated some sort of epiphany, judging  by the acclaim the book has received.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok computer is a welcome change to the superficiality of mainstream music today....the music in this album is absolutely mesmerizing and will leave you in a trance......(just listen to paranoid android and that will do the  job:) the whole album is brilliant, and it is an art form in itself.  But  don't look to ok computer for any &quot;tunes&quot; that will be played on  the radio every 30 seconds, because the music of radiohead trancends all  other types of music: they are genuine &quot;music artists&quot; and each  and every song tells its own story, and each brings forth a different  emotion from the listener.  I definitely recommend it to anyone who  appreciates quality and meaningfull music, and I promise that you will  never look at music the same way again......in short, my life would not be  complete without OK COMPUTER!
6302649943|5.0|I thought the movie was very close to the book. Not all in the book, anyone remembers the thing the kids did to bound in the book?  I understands quite well why that wasn't in the movie...Anyway, it had it's  scary moments, and was a great thriller. YOU DIE IF YOU TRY!
0553108034|5.0|An excellent mix of political intrigue,  adventure,  in depth relations and betrayal.  An brilliant continuation to what I hope to be an ongoing series.  When I finished reading it, I knew I would be on the edge of my  seat until the third book came out. Here I am still bitting my nails.   Please Mr. Martin hurry up and bring out another book.
6305265488|5.0|The movie was great!  Almost everything about it was perfect!  The acting was really cool!  The whole story was great for one thing.  And I like that they had a little bit of history in it and I love history!
020530902X|5.0|This was assigned reading my senior year of high school. Ever since, I've tried to read it once a year. You can skim it in about an hour. It's enjoyable (for a book on grammar and style, that's a feat) and it reminds you of all those rules you break the rest of the year.
0201485672|1.0|This book contains some good information on how to improve yourexisting code without rewriting it entirely which is a nice departurefrom the norm of most of these UML-type books which advocate totally changing the way you design and build software. Not that the Unified method of designing and building is bad, its just that its hard to change the way this is done in an organization when you're not in charge of the organization. Mr. Fowler has put forth a mechanism for improving the design of existing code while adding functionality to it. And the information, once culled from the surrounding text, is extremely useful. It's not paradigm shift. And it's not a companion to Design Patterns - Fowler mentions the Design Patterns book throughout his text but this book is certainly not written for the same audience. Fowler never once gives an example where he converts bad code into good by utilizing a pattern from the Gang of Four's book. The book is useful for ANY object-oriented language even though he uses Java in his examples the principles map easily to C++ and SmallTalk.  Almost all of the techniques are common sense and yet he spends the bulk of this book explaining in simple terms how to perform them. For each &quot;refactoring&quot; he capably provided a two or three sentence overview of the process, and a code fragment or class diagram exemplifying the technique. These summaries and figures are excellent. But his tone becomes condescending as he painfully explains the process of performing the code improvement.  For instance, Extract Method, the first technique in the book, is succinctly described with: &quot;[If] You have a code fragment that can be grouped together...[then] Turn the fragment into a method whose name explains the purpose of the method.&quot; Pretty simple and probably not quite enough to totally understand what he is talking about. But then he has a wonderful little code fragment that illustrates it perfectly. This requires about half of one page.But he spends four and a half more explaining how to perform this simple cut-and-paste. 270 Pages of this 418 page book are spent describing 72 techniques in this kind of excruciating detail. Eight very useful pages are spent describing the bad &quot;smells&quot; in your code that lead to these &quot;refactactorings&quot;. Another 110 pages is spent telling you how to justify the work to your boss, encouraging you to do it whether or not your boss approves, advocating a &quot;test-small-change-test&quot; paired programming technique characteristic of Extreme Programming. The final 30 pages are written by the other contributors.  Altogether, I think this book should be &quot;refactored&quot; into a 100 to 150 page soft-cover manual reminiscent of Scott Meyers' Effective C++ books. If you're looking for Design Patterns: Part 2 this isn't it!   END
6305657947|5.0|This film is probably the cleverest film I have seen and I was attatched to the T.V the entire time. Brosnan plays his part brilliantly. Though I think that Russo doesn't play her part as well during the beginning of the  film she plays it excellently at the end. Not only does this film have a  brilliant and exciting  plot, it is also hilariously funny at particular  parts. I would reccomend this film to anyone
0385495315|5.0|No, I'm not an aspiring codebreaker, but Singh captured my attention immediately.  I was hoping to find a book which described the codemaking and codebreaking processes in an elegant, yet simple, way, and this book  delivers!  I highly recommend it!
B000002GFT|5.0|The \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" of British folk-rock; everything subsequent in the genre has drawn on it, and nothing has equalled it. Sandy Denny's vocals are by turns breathtaking and heartbreaking, Richard Thompson and Dave Swarbrick play as if they were being pursued by the Faerie Queen, and the quality of the songs themselves, from the traditional \\"Matty Groves\\" (breathes there a Fairport fan who can't sing all six minutes of verses from memory?) and \\"Tam Lin\\" (one of Denny's best vocals ever) to two of Richard Thompson's finest compositions (\\"Farewell, Farewell\\" and \\"Crazy Man Michael\\") is astonishing. A triumph on every level, ranking among the finest records of any genre.
0375403477|4.0|Im not usally a big reader, probally concidering im only 15. This has now changed ever since i read this book. Even for someone my age it never gets boaring, with the extreemely planned take downs to the meetings and  discussion between rainbow's members. You simply cant go past rainbow 6 if  you like a good action packed book.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Armageddon is a brilliant film,(what ever anyone else thinks!)with a proper interesting plot! There are pretty well developed characters in it and the story is moving though it doesn't have any amazingly brilliant  affects, it is definitely a film to watch!
B000009ED0|5.0|This is an awesome cd, the songs are very different. I have listened to the cd so many times i have memorized every word of every song. KID ROCK BABY!
6305603847|5.0|It is hard to sum up how great this movie is in a compact review. Let me assure you that it contains some astonishing footage from an incredible director, as well as gorgeous animations from that of Gerald Scarfe.     This DVD version is packed with extra features. Two music videos, a  documentary, retrospective, lyrics, and more! Any Pink Floyd fan MUST BUY  THIS!  It is my favorite movie of all time.    I also strongly reccomend  that you also have a copy of Pink Floyd's amazing Album &quot;The  Wall.&quot; One cannot be a substitute for the other. The lyrics tell the  awesome tale of an imaginary character (Pink Floyd). The movie is mostly  the album to visuals with little dialogue.    If you absolutely hate Pink  Floyd (something is seriously wrong with you, but also:) you may not like  this movie. Otherwise, I urge you to purchase this at once!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|This is definitely the CD I didn't expect to hear after that avalanche of unfavourable reviews.-  What I heard was a great attempt from this hot, latin diva to make us dance and then, relax.  I like her appeal and if  marketing musical products are going to be inevitably forced into our daily  lives, well, at least this one is enjoyable to our senses (especially our  sight).  And those Spanish songs she included? Surely a HIT!  I wish our  own pop latin singers from Mexico would have every once in a while songs  like &quot;Una Noche Ms&quot;, I mean, forget about it!  Girl, you're  definitely worth that big ol' insurance policy!  U GO!
052594527X|5.0|This book enabled me to do something I have wished to do for nearly thirty years: enter the house and the studio of the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer of Delft.<br />All the hopes I had for this book were realized.  Ms. Chevalier  has made good use of the limited sources available regarding this reticent  17th century artist who has left us little more in the way of information  about himself beyond his magnificent and magnificently crafted  paintings.<br />Ms. Chevalier has woven a believable and entrancingly charming  tale that brings to life the painter himself, his family, and the maid  Griet.  Vermeer is portrayed much as I always thought he might be, moving  quietly in and out of the shadows of narrative -- a consummate craftsman,  artist, and enigma.<br />The drama unfolds in such a way as to captivate the  reader and make us want to see what will happen next to Griet and what more  we might learn about Vermeer, while preserving the quiet, myserious  ambiance that imbues those wonderful and simple interior scenes, I have  come to love.<br />The story is a simple, domestic one, as befits the tone of  much of the artist's work and will appeal most to those who are fascinated  by  Vermeer's presentation of ordinary people in their domestic  environments -- a great departure from the epic religious and historic  scenes which were the fare of nearly all artists prior to the seventeenth  century.<br />Yet, like the paintings with their subtle symbolic messages, the  story Ms. Chevalier tells is universal and important to the human  experience.<br />Yet, I must confess that the greatest enjoyment for me in  reading this book was re-entering that house and being with those people;   seeing the artists studio, &quot;touching&quot; those familar studio props  and &quot;meeting&quot; the models I've seen in quiet afternoon poses for  so many years.<br />Usually, a book I really like is a book I cannot put down.   In this case I made myself put it down periodically in order to prolong  the experience.  Yet, when I was finished, I found that it still wasn't  long enough.  However, Ms. Chevalier has my heartfelt gratitude for  providing me the time machine I've always wished for in order to enter that  &quot;View of Delft&quot; and pass through the door of that wonderful house  on the Oude Langendyck.
0140143505|5.0|My friend introduced me to the writings of Helene Hanff and I will always be grateful to her.  This is a beautiful true story that will have you absorbed right from the start. It will leave you wanting more. Thankfully,  The Duchess of Bloomsbury Street is a wonderful sequel. Don't pass this by.
0312199066|1.0|Cernan reveals (although unintentionally) a badly flawed astronaut selection system. How else to explain the number of astronauts that were either so poorly skilled as pilots, or lacking in judgement, as to kill  themselves with regularity, both in training jets and fast cars.  Further,  a large number were so morally deficient that their womanizing was common  knowledge. The biggest mystery is how Cernan was ever selected for the  program.  He was an undistinguished graduate; reserve officer; and had  neither combat nor test pilot experience.  His astronaut career was filled  with blunders, including a poorly executed space walk, crashing a  helicopter while fooling around, breaking the fender of the lunar rover,  and being so enamored with being on the moon, that he interfered with the  geological experiments. Cernan, he likes to be called Gino, felt compelled  to &quot;trash&quot; most of the true space heroes including Alan Sheppard,  Buzz Aldrin, and to a lesser extent, Neil Armstrong and Gus Grissom, the  names that most readily come to mind when thinking of the moon. Cernan was  clearly more interested in the glory of being an astronaut, than in  actually being one, at least based on this book, which devotes more pages  to his friendship with Agnew, Sinatra, and numerous trips to celebrity  parties and golf tournaments, than to his space exploits.  This, of course,  led to his divorce; so much of his free time spent partying rather than  raising his family. If you must buy this book, then this readers guide is  essential.  Read the first chapter, skip the next 50 pages and then go into  serious speed reading mode.  Skim through all parts relating to parties,  celebrity friends, and his advanced promotions.  Just stick with the space  part.  This will reduce the book to around 100 pages, but those 100 pages  are pretty interesting.  One thing is for sure, you will never view the  astronauts as heroes again.
0060977493|5.0|This book was amazing!..I just couldn't put it down...I even went as far as reading it on my roof...so I wouldn't be disturbed by people/pets/phone etc. The language is exquisite and Roy's portrayal of the characters and their very 'human' qualities, succeeded in drawing me in.  Without giving  the story-line away let me just say...i was very moved......and at  times...... heart-broken..... as their attitudes and finally their fates  were revealed. I look forward to reading more from Ms Roy
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is the all around best Metallica album of all.  Being very critical of bands that I may listen to, the only other bands I really enjoy listening to are Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin.  This band combines  the best of both bands.  Every song uses new, unique rhythms that no one  could dream of hearing on a single album.  Cliff Burton's bass skill's (not  to mention writing the part of Orion with all the guitar harmonies),  combined with Kirk Hammet's fast guitar, can't be topped by any band of the  past 20 years.  If you liked Kill 'em all or Ride the Lightning, you will  LOVE this album.<br />If anyone out there likes the guitar parts for Led  Zeppelin 1 and 2 or Black Sabbath's Paranoid and Master of Reality, this is  definitely an album you will not regret getting.
B000002KAT|5.0|My ex-boyfriend may have been a jerk but I'll always be grateful to him for introducing me to the music of Van Morrison by playing Astral Weeks.  What a song, what an album!
B000000IUX|1.0|This album is absolutely terrible.  It sounds like the band America trying to cover a Neil Young album.  Avoid.
0833552929|2.0|Tan's attempts to portray the relationships between these mothers and daughters. ....is nothing short of dismal.
0684872153|5.0|This is one of the best book I have ever read !  Once you open it you can not put it down. I admire Frank for what he went through, the permanent fight he had to go through during his childhood, and for what he became.  The most amazing thing is that he had a dream from his youngest age and  always fought in order to achieve that one. This book also shows that  determination and dreams enable you to reach your goals in life even if you  have to fight harder and harder every day. I'd lived in Dublin for a few  years and I believe from what I read about this country that Frank was not  exaggerating at all regarding the poverty of this country at the beginning  of last century.  I have read this book in both English and French and  could easily go throught it again and again. Thank you very much Mr Mac  Court for writing that book and giving us hope and morality from your own  experience of life.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The best sounding and most talented hardcore band I have heard to date. That's all I can say about Slipknot. I shouldn't even have to review it, since the album screams for itself. I just hope MTV doen't corrupt them  like they have so many others (I still remember when listening to KoRn made  me an outcast).
0767824571|5.0|None shall surpass this brilliant Arthurian romp. In my view the best of the Monty Python films. Too many good bits to single out, just watch it! &quot;Run away! &quot; is  great line as well.
078062565X|4.0|I felt that for a movie from the 1930's that the special effects were good.  The movie is a favorite of my husbands and mine. I was actually very sorry to see Kong die.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This was not the first album that i have treasured but it is one of the few. Offspring have managed to write they're second best album to date and it proves that they are still capable of doing great albums. It is suitable  for any day or mood and i strongly recomend it. *TOP NOTCH STUFF*
B000002KHY|5.0|James Taylor's greatest hits compilation album needs no introduction or any specific notice about his soft peaceful tranquilty ballads and lyrics. He writes his songs like no other than a songwriter can simular to Billy  Joel (a.k.a. the piano man). 12-tracks of his best remembered collection  includes &quot;Fire And Rain&quot;, &quot;How Sweet It Is To Be Loved&quot;  &amp; &quot;Shower The People&quot; from the early seventies era. This is a  must CD for anybody who'll enjoy the kind of feeling mood emotional music  you will capture with this man's pure hearted work right here!
1559408758|5.0|Here's the deal.  Shortly after Criterion started releasing this movie, their license to do so ran out.  I'm sure if they had the option, they'd pick right back up where they left off.<br />Now, with that said, you should  do anything in your power to find a copy of this disc.  Pick through e-bay  if you have to, and pay the 100 bucks it'll probably cost.  It's worth it.   The movie is just as great as you remember, and the extras are something  that, as a fan, you need to see.  Some of the deleted scenes are funny to  the point where you'll wonder why they weren't included in the actual  movie.  Nigel's testing of exotic musical styles nearly had me needing a  change of pants.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is great! People say that they should keep rap pure by not combining it with metal music, but I disagree. The mixture of rap with metal is why this is my favorite band. The best songs on here are Nookie,  Break Stuff, and my favorite, N 2 Gether Now. Trust me and at least give  this CD a try.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|As a single-disc compilation, Experience Hendrix: The Best Of is an easy not so hard to beat thing. Drawing from all the original digitally remastered reissue MCA albums. This 20-track collection contain his hits of  all the major highpoints in Hendrix's career songs like &quot;Purple  Haze&quot;, &quot;Foxey Lady&quot;, &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot;,  &quot;Little Wing&quot;, &quot;Red House&quot;, &quot;The Wind Cries  Mary&quot;, &quot;Manic Depression&quot; a live version from Woodstock of  &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; and &quot;Angel&quot;. It gives an  accurate impression of why Jimi Hendrix was so revolutionary and  influential in rock music history itself. All of his completed studio  recordings are mandatory listening. As it is for a terrific guide  introduction to this legendary guitarists own groundbreaking work!
6302610702|5.0|The entire collection is breathtaking. Although part 3 is not on par with the others, it is still miles beyond it's contemporaries. Being a major film aaficionado, all 3 of these films are brilliant. In my opinion, parts  I and II should have been the AFI's one and two best films. They both have  the unique quality of embracing almost every angle of modern drama  (romance, revenge, aspirations). I must admit that after seeing Scarface,  my respect for Pacino wained, but this movie fully restored it.
0312853238|5.0|This is a powerful and memorable book to anyone and everyone who has ever had the pleasure of reading it. In fact, the entire series is basically a collection of my all time favorite books. The story of a little outcast boy with great intelligence who grows up so fast will make a lasting impression  on you. The rest of the series in just as unforgettable, and goes into more  in depth conversations with the struggles of human ethics, keeping the  sci-fi thrill. I recommend these books to anyone interested in a learning  experience and perhaps even enlightenment.
0553277472|5.0|Ever realise just how accessible high thought is. O.K. so it's not that easy, but people who can't digest other philosophical literature might find insight here. Pirsig makes a good cas for the reasons for the division  between classical and romantic, and his ideas on quality are worth reading.  He even tells a good story. But the beauty of it is that it may make you  feel excited about thinking. Isn't the phrase &quot;the high country of the  mind&quot; and inspiring one. It made me excited about thinking and  understanding the world all over again, although it didn't bring me that  close to achieving it. And it might make you enthusiastic about  motorcycles, too.
B00000K28G|5.0|All I can say is wow.  Anathema has outdone themselves with this latest offering as well as their past 3 efforts - &quot;Alternative 4,&quot; &quot;Eternity&quot; and &quot;The Silent Enigma.&quot;  Vince's melodic  croons aer even more depressing and dark, and are complemented perfectly by  atmospheric keyboards and wonderful guitar work.  The opening song  &quot;Deep&quot; only gives the listener a hint as to what they're about to  hear - the song starts with a simple yet passionate guitar riff and kicks  in with a lively, somewhat aggressive melody that keeps you coming back for  more.  And that's just track one, kiddies.  This CD is definitely one of  the top 5 releases of 1999, right up there with Dream Theater's  &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; and Opeth's &quot;Still Life.&quot;  If  you're into music with meaning, check out &quot;Judgement.&quot;  It's  definitely worth the import price!
B00000J7SO|1.0|Some albums are worth having, and some aren't. I found this for GBP 2 ($3) in a bargain bin and I wasted my money. Don't get me wrong, Bob is the King (sorry, Presley fans), nobody could write what he has written, but sometimes the guy just had a contract to fulfill and turned out whatever  junk was in the back pages of his lyric book. I haven't been able to pay  enough attention to know what the lyrics are like, I have trouble getting  through a listen! Don't buy this. Buy Bringing it all Back Home, or Desire,  or Highway 61 or, just buy something else!
0375751513|3.0|Contrary to some opinions I've come across, this book does NOT romanticize or promote a loss of morals.  It is the exact opposite.  Yes, Dorian becomes corrupted, but does the ending suggest that Wilde was making Dorian  a hero for it? By no means.  Dorian did not live happily ever after.  It is  a very moral book in that it clearly reinforces the principle of inevitable  consequences of one's actions.  Yes, at times it was a little slow (that is  when the characters went into long life-philosophies)but all around it was  very interesting and provided an insight into the late Victorian world in  which Oscar Wilde lived.  It addresses some key concepts such as appearance  and its relation to virtue and the double-sidedness of one's character.  Overall this book was not bad at all. A good read.
B000002UAU|3.0|Don't get me wrong. This is not a bad album. It's even just about good. But great? No, I'm sorry. The Beatles were not great. Lennon and McCartney were not great writers. They didn't have a great turn of phrase, or any  unique insight. The Beatles were not great innovators, they were just good  at spotting where things were going early, and stealing the idea for  themselves (scousers stealing? Surely not). If you want the album that  everyone bought, and the band that everyones sister fancied (ooh, sounds  suspiciously like Boyzone!) then buy this. But if you want dynamic radical,  ground breaking beautiful music, look elsewhere. The emperor's not wearing  any clothes Mummy! The Beatles were NOT great.<br />(I know you're all going  to hate me for saying this, but someone had to. Just try to keep down the  expletives if you email, I've got a wife and kid!)
0899685528|5.0|This book was entirely engrossing.  It kept my attention constantly. In many ways it can be paralelled to Oscar Wilde's &quot;The Picture of Dorian Grey&quot;.  Jekyll and Hyde was an adept look at the nature of Victorian  Society.  It touched on such issues as the importance of appearance and the  inevitable consequences of one's actions.  It was incredibly compelling,  and had no boring sections (like Dorian Grey did).  An excellent novella  and a very good read!
6302752337|4.0|The greatest film in history? No; probably not, but damn good. It'll get you that hippy vibe (the flower powery dope and love one, not the beat freight hopping whisky drinkin Kerouac one!). It's a film you have to see  to grasp modern American culture. It shows you some of what the hippies  thought they were doing, and some of what the rest of the world thought. It  may even encourage you to throw away your watch and swim naked in a  mountain pool. But it will surely give you a good evening in front of the  TV and a good feeling. Except that last scene - that's a bummer, man.
B000002MTR|5.0|I am a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan, and my opinion is that this CD is their best ever in their double decade career. Although Californication outsold One Hot Minute, I think that OHM is a lot better and more RCHPish. It has a  good mix of all sorts of music. &quot;Warped&quot;, &quot;Coffee  shop&quot;, and &quot;One Big Mob&quot; show the wild side of the Red Hots.  &quot;Aeroplane&quot;, &quot;My Friends&quot;, and &quot;Tearjerker&quot;  are sort of light pop. &quot;Walkabout&quot;, my favorite, is a cool  &quot;funky&quot; song with neat lyrics, neat guitars, and a hint of the  Australian outback. &quot;Deep Kick&quot; is a partially spoken track of  two boys in the big city. There are other great songs, too, so if you are  one of those &quot;Californication&quot; fans who think it's the best, your  wrong, so get this great CD. I love all of you(my friends)
B00000IQBM|5.0|Kubric is a genious. This movie was amazingly creepy, it was simply a great movie. Jack nicholson is simply perfect in his role of a possesed man. Badly adapted from book but still great. Amazing pictures too. One of  Kubrics best.
B000001FG5|4.0|this disc has some tight Grooves on it.The title cut, Too Much Heaven is a cool slow Jam.Love You Inside Out still sounds Great.I never really Liked Tragedy.but still this disc is a GOOD follow up to S.N.F.their  Writing&amp;Production were tight as most of The Grooves.but were forced  out of what they were doing well.
6304510861|5.0|This is the best movie I ever saw. And NO I am not a Lynch fan. This was the first movie by Lynch I ever saw. I just think its really great. He makes us feel like we are seeing a crazy dream. This is not for people who  like the usual blockbuster  movie but for those who actually bother to look  at something else then having fun. This is a masterpiece, but you have to  think a little more than with other movies. Obviously this is not for  everyone but either you hate it either you love it. I found it great and  the soundtrack makes it even creepier. Lynch is a genious.
B000001FNL|4.0|I've always dug the Bee Gees.this disc is still solid after all of these years.Nights on Broadway,Fanny Be tender(With My Love) still sound great.these guys are Good Songwriters&amp;Producers.their vocals sound  really good together.
0380730405|5.0|I have read this book uptil 5 times now and i have come to a very simple and a plain conclution that daphne du maurier is an incredible writer . Rebecca involved me so much that i had to finish it in one sitting . This  book had a wonderful plot and is very beautifully written . This book has  inspired me to read all the books written by this author .
B000001GF9|2.0|This is the third recording of this work I have purchased.  The first was an excellent version on cassette (Leppard, Te Kanawa, etc on Seraphim) that, unfortunately, I cannot find on CD.  This is the second mediocre CD  of this work I have tried attempting to find a good one.  This is not it!   Bernstein conducts this like he wants to finish before lunch.  The soloists  are unspectacular and the whole thing is kind of a mess.  Bernstein  produced many great recordings, but this is definitely not one of them.
0385495315|5.0|This author is wonderful at bringing the technical subject of cryptography together with the rounded knowledge of the history and personalities that surround their discoveries.  Exceptionally clear.  Very fun and easy to read.
B00000G3PA|4.0|I certainly enjoyed the story and the special effects, but was quite bothered by seeing this movie in a wide and short (&quot;WIDE-SCREEN&quot;) subset of the whole screen space.  You see everything much smaller that you  would with a better aspect ratio.
0613181050|5.0|This book assumes the reader knows nothing about mathematics and walks the reader through some reasonably complicated mathematical properties and history to make the subject quite enjoyable.  The book can be summarized as a great following of mathematical and cultural history, with the focus, of  course, on the ways that mathemeticians through the centuries have worked  towards the final solving of Fermat's Last Puzzle.
0385493800|3.0|Gripping - disappointed at the end  -  almost an anticlimax.  A great storyline for 90% of the book.  The ending was very disappointing ,as if John Grisham had a dateline and had to meet it.Overall however, there was  fantastic insight once again into the legal world for which laypersons have  no real understanding.
0062502182|1.0|This is not a book suitable for adults or adolescents. The same wisdom you can 'discover' in mother goose.
B000002MU3|3.0|This is not R.E.M.'s best album, lets get that out of the way.  It is however, a solid album.  The band was ready to get back to the business of being a rock band after two excellent acoustic/mid tempo albums (Out of  Time and Automatic For The People).  Standouts on the album include  &quot;What's The Frequency, Kenneth?&quot;, &quot;Crush With  Eyeliner&quot;, &quot;I Don't Sleep, I Dream&quot;, &quot;Tongue&quot; and  &quot;Let Me In&quot;.  However &quot;Circus Envy&quot; and &quot;I Took  Your Name&quot; are possibly the two weakest songs R.E.M. have ever  included on an album, the latter is OK live but doesn't make the grade on  the record.  This album provides a nice detour every once in a while if you  are a fan of the band.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This has to be one of my favourite albums that I own.  There are some really excellent songs (Parallel Universe, Otherside, Scar Tissue, etc, etc), loads of great songs, and only one which I'm not too keen on (Get on  Top).  Californication sounds completely different from Blood Sugar Sex  Magik.  Personally I think Californication is by far the better of the two,  and also that it will appeal to more people.  This is a CD which everyone  should have.
B00003OSU4|5.0|Contrary to some comments on this list, this film is not a documentary or concert film. It is a visionary work of art. It's like Robert Franks' book THE AMERICANS coming to life. If you don't know what that is about, see for  yourself. This is the America that Kerouac loved. And if you don't know  what that means, find out before it's too late.<br />This film is really about  a summers day in America in 1958. As a musician, a Jazz lover, a poet and a  film buff, this film is the best of all worlds. It is pure poetry. It is  like seeing the world through Kerouac's heart-filled eyes. Eyes we all  have, but forget in our daily malaise. Notice the minute particulars, the  spontaneous nature of life. Speaking of Beats, if you look real close you  can see Gregory Corso in a couple of audience shots.<br />Jazz on a Summers  day is about time and place. It freezes a moment in time and makes it  eternal. A time when jazz was common music of american culture. A summers  day when people living in the cold war and the Eisenhower era kick off  their shoes and truly live. It is filled with moments of deep sighs, AH.  Like, the shot of the young girl singing along with Satchmo, if that's not  art I don't know what is. The performers too, Mahalia Jackson is a great  bodhisattva/angel. The cinematography is vibrant. You've never seen the  fifties this real.<br />I actually love the parts that digress from the  festival. Even though I regret not seeing all of Monk. But it's still  magnanimous, and contrary to another comment, the stage announcer that says  Monk is &quot;unconcerned&quot; should be understood as Monk is on a  different level. He makes music for different reasons. If you don't what  that means, just listen. Monk will whisper to you in a dream.<br />This was a  time when the music was more than just refined listening for museums and  chamber halls, it oozed into everything. Seeing the boating footage with  the Jazz, it's just poetic. Jazz is part of life. It is the expression of  life. The people are having a good time on a summers day. A day that seems  so far away. This will never happen again. Not like this. This is what  great films and art are made of.<br />There is beauty in every waking moment  my friends. Just look. Breathe. Feel. Thank you Bert Stern.
B000021XR5|5.0|In short, I love this album.  It is filled with really great songs, and every single one is good.  If I were to describe this group, I would say they were comparable to the Foo Fighters, only STP are heavier.  Much  heavier.
6300215717|5.0|As a long-time Gregory Peck/Audrey Hepburn fan, I watch Roman Holiday every now and then. The measure of its hold on this viewer is the fact that no matter how many times I watch this, when the bittersweet, but logical,  ending comes, I always hope that maybe this time, just this once, the  princess will come back into the hall and stop Joe as he's on his way out  the door.  Now that's movie-making, to make me hope for that which will not  happen.   As a writer, I did figure out a logical sequel for those of us  who want the happy ending. How about this?  Princess Ann is from one of  those little bitty  Eastern European  countries overrun by the Communists  around the time this story takes place. Why not have Joe meet up with her  again when he's in the war-torn country doing a story?  She's on the run  and out of the princess line now, and there he is. Works for me, except  that only Peck and Hepburn could have played the roles. Ah, well.
B00000634L|1.0|I bought this album for THAT song.  And I still love that song, but I'd have been better off buying the single, something that I remind myself of everytime I see this album lying at the bottom of the heap largely  unlistened to.  It really is not up to much at all.  I tried listening to  it a few times in the vain hope that the songs would grow on me... but they  didn't.  Don't buy this unless you know you like more than one song on it.   Otherwise, you may well be disappointed.
0060920084|2.0|This is a poor book, for the most part. Bill Bryson is a good writer, as his other books prove. However, I found myself quickly tiring of his whining and negative attitude as he recounts his travels through America.  This book is repetitious and a little too cynical for my taste. I much  preferred A Walk in the Woods. Though Bryson has a lot of amusing tales,  for the most part, the attitude of his writing made me feel a little dark,  soiled and depressed at the book's end. I'm glad I only borrowed this book  from the library and didn't waste my money on it.
6302968143|5.0|This is a movie about the Sanderson sisters who, after three hundred years finally comes back to life with a mission: to steal the lives of young children before the black flame candle is out or perish forever. Bette  Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker and Kathy Najimy fit in their roles as the  three lovable withches. Sarah is perfect as the fun-loving sister who does  not take life seriously and her character is totally different from that of  Bette's; a no-nonsense typical fairy tale witch who preys on the fears of  children and adults alike. Kathy is brilliant as the peacemaker and sound  of reason to the Sanderson family. This movie not only talks about  witchcraft but it also highlights common themes, like sibling rivalry, the  angst of teenagehood and of course the popular theme that good wiill always  triumph over evil. Each theme is cleverly interwoven to create a harmonious  flow of an explicit plot with comic effects.  Indeed, the presence of Binx,  the talking cat, does add a touch of classy humour, even if it's a bit  dark(the humour not the cat). The spells add a dark intensity to the mood  and atmosphere of the entire movie (as seen in the scene where Winifred  spat out a curse that will release them to earth). The Gothic element in  the story makes it worthwhile to watch and believe me, the ending is  exhilarating. The rating of this movie is best summed up through Sarah's  spell of attracting the children: Come little children, I'll take thee  away, Into a land of enchantment. Come little children, The time's come to  play, Into my garden of magic. Truly, this is a movie worth watching. After  all, isn't it the wishes of most parents to see their children  disappear(until the holiday's over)? This movie will surely allow you to  live out this fantasy.
6305750750|5.0|The action, characters, storyline, the SFX and the basic ideas behind this film were incredible. Where does Lucas come up with this stuff!  You'd think by now he would have run out of new and great ideas, but the man just  doesn't stop! Podraces, double lightsabers, Palpatine and his  &quot;split&quot; personality, the Queen's secret, the battles, the twists,  I mean, I loved everything about this film. I just can't wait to see what  they have in store for us next. Bring on Episode II!
B00004LN16|1.0|It appears to me that the die hard fans would have given 5 stars to anything. I have every AC/DC album, and bought this one the day it came out.  That first day, I could barely make it through the first listen.  I  kept waiting for each and every song to kick in, but none did.  Very  repetitive and very flat.  I have tried to listen to it since, but just  can't.  Definitely a dust collector.
6301025083|5.0|Let me know if you find a better film.  I can't.
0375707972|1.0|A different perspective of German life during WWII but not done well at all - Stones from the River was so much better and not as predictable.
6303327974|1.0|&quot;The thin line that divides art and trash is not only broken here but burnt to a crisp.
630512762X|5.0|Jhon Travolta,Nicholas Cage two of the best actors in hollywood collide in this high octane action thriller by director Jhon Woo.Veteran cop Sean Archer knows how to stop infamous muderer Caster Troy in a futuristic  surgery he will, become him.But in retaliation Troy makes the doctor  perform the same sugery on him now Troy is  Archer and he is going after  the one thing Archer holds dear his family.<br />     This movie has  incredible action sequences like an police excersion at an plane hangar.A  huge jail breakout scene , a swat excursion at a giant apartment complex  and a showdown at a church and  an incredible action sequence with turbo  engine boats on the water.With these actors how you go wrong so hang on its  going to be a furious fight to the finish line.<br />     This action packed  DVD has incredible sound and incredible picture quality.Every action  sceneis captured on DVD superbly and if you like Jhon Travolta and Nicholas  Cage you will not want to miss the oppertunity to pick up this action  packed DVD hang on for a furious Face Off.
630575067X|1.0|I am astounded that anyone liked this film.  Even 10 year olds should know better.  Jar Jar Binks should be killed off soon, but not before Lucas himself.  Answer me honestly, does anyone really like this film?  I know, I  know, we were all excited to have another chapter come out in our life  times, and it could never have lived up to the hype, but this is more than  a disappointmet.  It is utter worthless garbage.  A waste of money and  time.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I have turned into \\"movie reviewer Kate!\\" I have seen quite at few movies at the Cinemas (which is odd for me cause I used to never really enjoy Cinema now I do, maybe it's cause what I was usually dragged to see was  crap, and was not about acting, merely creating a box office hit) lately  like Melbourne's Premiere of The Green Mile, were I ran into two famous  people (Peter Brock and a Neighbors actor), then later I saw an Australian  film called The Wog Boy, which was really funny,  took the piss out of all  Australian's, but in a good way. If you have ever been to or lived in any  big Australian city or met any &quot;New Australians&quot; then I recommend  this movie that was shot right here in Melbourne which is very subtlety  advertised through the whole movie, from shot of well known spots in the  background, not to mention the Vicrtoian number plates sporting the famous  Victorian saying &quot;Victoria-On the move&quot;. <br />  But one movie  stands out in my mind that I happen to see in St Kilda yesterday. The event  wasn't completely planned. I was just SO HOT  (It was almost 40 degrees in  the sun!) that I was willing to pay $9.50 for 2 hours of decent air  condioning, and i got it, as well as a movie  that i didn't expect to be so  brilliant. It is called &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot;, and is written and  directed by  Kimberly Peirce staring Hilary Swank  (90210, Buffy) and Chlo  Sevigny (The last days of Disco) who filled their incredibly demanding  roles superbly. <br />With me and my strange quite urban anti Hollywood all  for Independent Films taste these movie rate with stuff like In The Name of  the Father,Pulp fiction, Basket Ball Diaries, Train Spotting and even the  New Zealand production staring Kate Winslet (Titanic) before see went  Hollywood there was Heavenly Creatures. (I hear she is back in an   independent film though, shot in India were she plays Australian girl!) <br />   That is not to say this movie is any thing like those movies I mentioned.  It is TOTTALLY different. The only thing it has in common with In  In The  name of the Father is the way it made me feel through and after it. It made  me angry, sad, compassionate, shocked and uncomfortable (only a good film  does this!), most of all it changed  the way I think about some things. It  broaden my horizons you could say. <br />I must warn some spectators before  they see it, that it is a story of a girl from southern American state that  believes she is suppose to be a boy and there fore dresses in cross gender.  And actually dates girls, as they believe she is a boy. The story line is  very different and dares to tackles a touchy very serious subject head on.  (But I could say this movie conceptis more easily digested then the  Australian film \\"Head On\\" staring Alex Dimitriatedes that is about  Beats)(If you do not know what a beat is then don't ask!) <br />  But the  thing is that if you get past cringing at homosexual kissing (if that does  make you cringe?) Then you get close to the main characters, actually like  them, as the director intended to portray them as real breathing innocent  people and show the way they lived, after all it is based on a true story.  <br />  I say if you choose to see this powerful movie then go in with an open  mind and your mind and it might open your eyes. <br />  To those who condone  disrrimaintion I will be interested to know if after watching this movie if  you still condone discrimination and taunting against people who are  &quot;different&quot;. If you still do then I do not believe that you have  a heart, in fact I find it hard to believe you are a human being. <br />   I  must say that I walked out of that cinema thanking god that is was not my  reality, but I couldn't forget that it is a lot of people's realities. And  that can be a hard, cold and lonely one. <br />  Remember \\"expect nothing and  you shall receive\\" is my motto when it comes to seeing a new film.       Feel free to email me at pxe_341@yahoo.com.au for feedback, or to share  your opinions.      Cheers!       By Kate;) Stanborough
B00000DMJF|5.0|To all the golden eared audiophiles who can hear all the differences in this 30th Anniversery reissue, I say, what a bunch of whooee. This is the EXACT SAME MASTER as the 1987 release. No difference...NADA. Please notice,  the Amazon listing has been changed from &quot;remastered&quot; to  &quot;original recording.&quot; It's amazing how much psycology is at work  when people listen. If they believe it's remastered, their ear will trick  them into believing it sounds different. Don't believe it.<br />So, that means  all of us Beatle fans have forked over thiry-some odd dollars for the exact  same product that we had. The question is, Capital/EMI, why the H didn't  you remaster this? The white album is one of the most poorly remastered  discs in the Beatles catalog (but it's got some stiff competition, the  first four albums for starters). It's unfathomable to me that Capital/EMI  would ask Beatles fans to shell out that kind of money for an unimproved  product, and a product that sorely needed improvement. What, we're supposed  to be happy to pay over thirty dollars for ridiculous miniture artwork  which you need a magnifying glass to read and see? Come on, Capital/EMI!  That's highway robbery, and you know it! With all the money you've already  made on the Beatles' catalog, this is a particular heinous crime. <br />So,  Capital/EMI, what about actually remastering the Beatles catalog? They are  only considered the greatest musical force of the last half of the 20th  century. The Who's catalog has been remastered; the Byrds catalog has been  remastered, even the Hollies catalog was wonderfully remastered for their  box set (by YOU EMI! ). It seems a tragic, bitter irony that perhaps the  most musical of all the artists of the 60s gets the shoddiest of digital  remastering.<br />As far as the actual album goes, find the vinyl. It just  sounds much better, better bass, much less harshness. I've got the Mobile  Fidelity LP, and it is a delight to listen to. I probablyshould just throw  away my CDs. <br />As for the raging debate between Beatle lovers and Beatle  haters regarding the merits of this album, here are a few things to  ponder:<br />This album was made as the Beatles were still transitioning from  having a manager and being a cohesive unit to managing themselves  (unwisely) and being four distinctly different people with less and less in  common. It was also the introduction of Yoko to the ranks, which probably  really hastened the split. The album was made in this atmosphere of rapid  changing dynamics within the group. It was also made over quite a long  period of time: May through October of '68. The fairly close-knit bunch  that gathered at George's home to make demos of their new songs in May were  disparate, disenchanted individuals by the time they finished the album in  October. Much has been made of them recording parts of this album  separately. That only became true towards the end of the sessions, and only  because they had gone way past their deadline and needed to finish the  album quickly. Plus, that really applied mostly to overdubs.<br />So, bottom  line on the White Album. It probably does go on too long, but that is  probably part of its charm. There is certainly no other album in the  Beatles catalog that remotely resembles it. Also much debate over the  inclusion of Revolution 9 - does it belong on the album? Well, it's on  there, and I suppose that's part of its charm as well. I do listen to it  from time to time, and really, it's not either unlistenable or unmusical. I  fact, if you've had the unfortunate experience to listen to any of John  &amp; Yoko's &quot;avant-garde&quot; recordings, you'll find this MUCH more  listenable.<br />In the end, it's down to the songs, and how they are  performed and produced. With a decent remaster, these songs stand up,  performance and production-wise. They capture the songwriters still  operating at peak power (much time and inspiration to apply to their craft  while in India). In fact, John said more than once that he was very proud  of his songs on the White Album. I'm sure Macca would say the same. Weaker  songs like Don't Pass Me By and Long, Long, Long add to the character and  mystique of the album. Goodnight is a beautiful lullaby, the perfect  antidote to Revolution 9 and the perfect closer for the album. <br />The white  album is an oddessy. It's a trip through many musical styles, and the  journey of a group whose cracks are beginning to show; albeit in a charming  way. I certainly don't think for a minute this is their best work, far from  it. But the stength of the songs, and the strength of the band itself, show  through and make this, well, another essential Beatles album.<br />But hold  out, if you haven't bought it. Force Capital /EMI to give this album the  remaster it deserves.
6302767741|5.0|I bought this movie because I'm a great fan of Stephen Fry and especially Hugh Laurie.  I did read the negative reviews but I'm very glad I didn't let them put me off.  The movie is touching, funny, and thoroughly  absorbing.  It's a portrayal of friendship at its best.  I can't think of  anything I'd change.  Hugh Laurie was outstanding, as usual, in a role  quite different from his portrayal of Bertie Wooster.  I started to praise  a few of the other actors but they are all so wonderful that I'd be here  all night!  I can't believe that you will be sorry if you buy this movie.
6304798482|1.0|Boy, I'm tired of these kinds of movies. Completely unoriginal.  A hokey premiss about an impossible mutation. Actors whose only emotion is annoyance. All the characters's actions are wrong and stupid actions. Lots  of impossible, unworkable coincidences. The romantic leads survive,  everyone else dies, just like in every other disaster movie ever made. This  is probably the most slime-filled movie I've ever seen (Ghostbusters 2 may  have had more slime, but it was FUN slime!). But genetic mutant monster  movies were all the rage back then, so everyone seemed to love it. I sure  didn't.
B000002VDW|4.0|I am a long-time Al Stewart fan and have stuck with him through his ups and downs. Time Passages is one of his most under-rated albums, very likely because of the ubiquity of the catchy but commercial-sounding title track  and the truly lame Song on the Radio. But we've all heard the old  admonition not to judge a book... That surely applies here. &quot;Life in  Dark Water&quot; is a haunting song about the old ghost ship Marie Celeste.  &quot;Almost Lucy&quot; is a fine song about Al's favorite type of woman:  independent, mysterious, and inaccessible. For those who like history, Al  this time gives us &quot;Palace of Versailles&quot;, a somewhat somber tune  about the falling of the old order and the terrors and uncertainties of the  new. This tale of the French Revolution is one of the album's best cuts.  Finally, &quot;Timeless Skies&quot; is Al's obligatory nod to mysticism,  and very enchanting indeed. The unmentioned cuts each have something to  recommend them. I never tire of hearing this album. Whether you like him  fast-paced or mellow, there's something here for every taste.
0425152251|3.0|...and that something was an idea. And more and more ideas came, and Jostein Gaarder has collected the most important of those ideas in this novel. Described as a potted history of philosophy, it is just that, and  has a right to be termed Jostein Gaarder's greatest novel. Multi-layered  narrative and mystery is used to emphasise factors of the philosophies of  the past; a girl is shadowed by a strange man who asks her questions; the  ideas come back and she discusses them. This novel is extremely intelligent  and thoughtful, and as far as fame and success goes, is Jostein Gaarder's  greatest novel. As far as writing and overall quality goes, the ideas and  aims cannot be faulted, but the process has many flaws. This could be the  translator's failing, but Gaarder's narrative mysteriously falls apart when  he tries to debunk the characters we have grown used to, to reduce them to  somebody else's narrative. The turns and twists of the plot become  increasingly surreal, and the book suffers, which is a shame, because up  until the last 50 or so pages, it is a superb work of philosophy and ideas.  Jostein Gaarder's magnum opus does not really work quite as well as his  masterpiece to date, &quot;The Solitaire Mystery&quot;; and the idea of the  history of ideas as fiction was better and more fluently handled in  &quot;The Christmas Mystery&quot;. This is an extremely good book let down  by an inexplicably weird and dissatisfactory ending.
B00004LN16|4.0|Ok, first of all, this cover is the best they've ever done. Lined in gold is the only way AC/DC should be framed. This band is rock at its best, with a roll that every metalhead since 1974 has been going crazy over. This  influential sound of the past 1/4 decade really comes together on this new  CD, Stiff Upper Lip. Just with the opening riff, it feels like u switched  on Powerage 2, or like hearing that Back in Black drum kick, it gets your  heart accelerating, and wanting to cruise the town with some mates and pick  up some birds. That's what AC/DC is, rock n'roll, energy, women, and all  that comes with it. And at this rate, Angus will be kicking the air all  over stage 'till they bury him in the ground. And remember: &quot;Now I  warn you ladies, I shoot from the hip... I was born with a Stiff, STIFF  UPPER LIP!
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter is the most excititing, compelling, overall wonderful book series I've ever read!  The first book of the series, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone tells about Harry's first year at Hogwarts and his search  to find the legendary Sorcerer's Stone.  Along the way he discovers how  precious friendship really is, becomes the youngest player of the Quidditch  (a sport played on broomsticks) team for over a century, and runs into one  unexpected suprise after another.  This book is a great start to an  excellent series!  I STRONGLY recommend it!
B00000JY1X|2.0|I bought this Box Set (the only box set I've ever bought) purely by word of mouth.  &quot;Experimental, diverse, catchy, wonderful.....&quot;  Well, gee, I just don't think so.  Overindulgent, plinky, flat out boring, and  (at times) just plain old annoying.  I love Lo-Fi and experimentalism and  diversity (ie: Bran Van 3000, Flaming Lips, Tom Waits, Olivia Tremor  Control), but this is just NOT THAT GOOD.<br />With a deep-mining excavation  machine similar to those used in South Africa to dig diamonds, I MAY be  able to dig up 10-13 Cubic Zerconia songs (&lt;20% of 69 for those  calculating).  So for my $40, I'm getting $8.00 worth of music (a very kind  round-off).<br />Stephen Merritt should take up chemistry, learn how to use a  condensation tube, and evaporate away most of these lightweight toss-off,  Mark Eitzel wanna be's.  Anyone thinking this stuff is great needs to quit  huffing the vapors kicking out of that (aforementioned) tube and step into  a sober reality before its too late.<br />Merritt's attempt was valiant, I  will give him that.  But so was Evil Kinevil's attempt at the Snake River  Canyon.  Both attempts, unfortunately, fell way short of their mark.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|One word GREAT!   This is a great new album.  RATM does it again.  I have never loved a band as much as I love this one.  No one can beat this band.  They rock the house on every song they have produced.  You will  experiance a rush listening to RATM.  Buy it today!  You won't be sorry!
6304118392|5.0|For international customers, this director's cut is much the same as the general release version in Australia. But it's all the extras that make it worth owning. Aspiring film-makers will learn much from director's  commentries - but never as much as the insight Stone gives us to this bold  film.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this cd totally rocks!   i say the best one they got in print.  all the songs have sounds that u cant help but like and has or did have songs on the top 40 so u really cant go wrong!   my suggestion if u dont already  own it u better get it. -peace!
0451191153|5.0|This book causes controversy in every aspect, because it chooses to analyze the depths of the human psyche. As one of my dear friends put it, &quot;it is either the most or the least moral novel ever written, but I  cannot discern which it is.&quot; After reading the final pages, I was  transfixed... not by Ayn Rand's theories of objectivism (I disagreed on  some points), but on the character of Howard Rourke, a person &quot;an end  in himself&quot;. Rand's portrayl of Rourke left my heart both broken and  healed. Buy this book. Make the moral decision for yourself about the  quality of the book.
0060925000|5.0|Do not be put off by the size of this novel - it would have been impossible for the author to encompass such a saga in a smaller volume. I could not put this book down - the characters are unlike any I have found  to date in modern literature - you can really like and care about these  people. There is no authorial grandstanding whatsoever, just magnificent  storytelling, coming from the heart! I cannot recommend this book highly  enough - I believe that Vikram Seth is the best author writing today.
6305428220|5.0|I'll be honest, I never had any intrest in seeing this movie, I don't believe in aliens, and the only reason that I did see it, was because it was on Showtime this weekend;and thank God for that. I was so happy with  this movie, it was great. Any high school student has thought at one time  or another, that there teachers, parents, friends, were aliens, so this is  a film that most can relate to. I personally really liked the mixing of  &quot;cliques&quot;, and the fresh-budding relationship between Stan and  Stokely (horrid name), he is a cute quaterback, and she is an outsider, but  there is great chemistry between the two. It's also good to see actors  portraying teens, who actually look as though they are still in high  school. The way they go about destroying the alien race, is humorous, and  it is always good to have suspense, and the occasional commic-reliefs. This  movie has it all, and if you get scared easily, do not worry, you won't be  closing your eyes to much. This is a great movie, that unites different  groups, and will honestly keep you guessing 'till the end!
B00000DC7L|5.0|he gets better with age.  I've always loved Brian May's music, from White Queen to Another World, and he has never disappointed me.  My favorite song on this album changes with every mood I'm in, and there's a song for every  one of them. I sincerly hope he never stops making music.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink 182 are still one of the greatest bands ever, but Enema is a bit of a let down on some of thier old stuff. All The Small Things is very catchy, and Adam's Song is cool, but I'd look for some of their older stuff before  getting Enema of the State. Cheers.
B000006045|5.0|I am a Massive Attack fan, so can say without hesitation that this is one of my favorite CDs. I have a pretty ecclectic taste in music, and a lot of people never heard of the stuff I listen to...but when I play albums like  this everyone asks me, &quot;Who's this?&quot; Mezzanine is one of those  albums that will put you in a trance (the good kind). I pop this in at  gatherings and people really seem to dig songs like Risingson, Angel, and  Black Milk. I don't really know how to classify Massive Attack because  they're really a unique group. This is the kind of music you'd listen to if  you were in a dark, smokey club with a lot of rough edges. That's the best  I can do.
6305127638|5.0|Oh Yeah this was one of the best movies I have ever seen. This puts all the other Star Trek movies to shame. The movie has everything, action, comedy, drama, and even a little emotion.  It has the best supporting cast  of any of the other movies.  Star Trek fan or not you must see this movie.
B000002C1V|5.0|this is a great album, many people think this album is not a &quot;pink floyd&quot; album, just because it isnt like dsotm,wywh,and animals. this album is much like the wall. it is a different sound. it does not sound  like it is a floyd album, but if you listen to the early stuff, then listen  to, oh say wywh, you might say, they dont sound the same, music wise. just  like this album sounds different from that favored floyd sound. the best  songs on this album are the post war dream, your possible pasts, the hero's  return, the gunner's dream, paranoid eyes, the fletcher memorial home, the  final cut, not now jhon, and two suns in the sunset. that is just about  every song on the album! . but if you are a new floyd fan do not buy this  album. you probably will not like it. so if your new get either the  darkside of the moon, wish you were here, animals, the wall, or the  division bell. get some of those, then get the final cut. then you will be  totally in love with pink floyd
0395645662|5.0|i am glad i put time into reading this book. i have read it at least five times. there is such an irrelevant controversy over it. when there was an article about it in my newspaper, i wrote an article, not expecting it to  be published. it ended up being published, jump-started my writing career.  i highly reccomend this book. it is truly a masterpiece.
B000002KCV|4.0|Merely &quot;good&quot; Neil Young material is often miles better than music by many other artists, but this does have a few moments when things get a little sleepy. The best overall aspect of this album is the harmonies  between Young and Nicolette Larson and it sometimes makes fairly generic  Young ditties like &quot;Field Of Opportunity&quot; and &quot;Already  One&quot; into something more. And then you have sublime moments like  &quot;Goin' Back&quot; (not the Carole King song), &quot;Four Strong  Winds&quot; (yes, the Ian Tyson song), and &quot;Peace Of Mind&quot;, where  both song and performance soar. This is not Neil Young's best album, but it  certainly has plenty of musical reasons that warrant playing it again and  again.
0375707972|4.0|I haven't read many novels regarding the holocaust, but i have always felt emphatic towards the jews and their struggle. It was interesting to see a viewpoint on how the Post-War Germans dealt with the conflict.The central characters in the reader,Michael and Hanna were very well drawn, and though  at times it may have seen impossible to sympathize with them and their  struggles, my heart went out to them, as they struggled to deal with the  atrocities of war, and their love for each other. The prose in the book is  clean and straightfoward, and yet its power is luminous from beginning to  end. Anyone who is curious about the holocaust, or simply about how the  power of love can affect two people should definately read this book.
6305499365|5.0|Anyone who has ever worked can relate to this film.  Its the sad truth today that most people in fact do not like their jobs, and this movie effictively gets a good laugh out of this fact.  I think deep down we are  all like Peter, if we had alot of money we probably would just relax and do  nothing.   For some reason I find myself watching it constantly...it seems  just as good each time I watch it!  It is hilarious and truthful at the  same time.  I would rank it with Clerks in a tie for the best movie about  working schmoes ever made.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I usually don't care for Tim Allen, But he is great in this movie! As is Sigourney Weaver. Heck, The whole cast is great. I am a big STAR TREK fan. Now I can say I am a big Galaxy Quest fan also. I think people who don't  like Star Trek will enjoy this movie. The special effects are great. I plan  on buying the dvd as soon as it becomes available. My mother went to see it  also, &amp; she loved it too. She is 66. It is a movie that the entire  family will enjoy. Except for very young children. They might be scared of  some of the aliens in the film. Awsome movie.
0425152251|4.0|Sophie's World is a great book that weaves the history of philosophy into a mystery. What makes this book appealing is that if you took out the actual plot and published it as a book on the history of philosophy, it would be an interesting one. If you took out the actual lessons in  philosophy, this book could stand on its own as an exciting mystery. Not  only is this book well written and well thought out, it challenges the  philosopher in everyone.
B000002MY3|5.0|I bought this CD in something like 5th grade, and even though I'm much older now, all of these songs remind me of when I was young enough not to have much to worry about and could just do what I wanted to.  Alanis's  music symbolizes individuality, and every song on this CD is great. Anyone  who doesn't like this CD must not be able to remember some time in their  life when they weren't willing to conform, and I think these songs,  especially ones like Mary Jane, Perfect, and Ironic, are evidence of having  difficulty in life and not always knowing what to do.
B000002TQV|5.0|Amazingly who ever writes the lyrics has manages to talk about the stranges things....The music is awesome but lyrics could might as well be in another languge...If anyone wants to explain them to me please help me  and write to yoenusa@yahoo.com
006109594X|3.0|All those one-star reviews miss a lot, some because the &quot;readers&quot; critiqued an audiotape.  As a writer, Mr. Robinson is actually quite good, better than his Technical Advisors.  As has been  noted, he gets the ranks wrong, but nobody says HOW.  The 5-star general is  a minor character, and maybe Robinson imagines that if one is Chairman of  Joint Chiefs, he'd get that coveted 5th star.  But Bill Baldridge is THE  major character, and if he were only a Lieutenant Commander, (1) That's  JUNIOR rank in the US Navy, not senior; (2) As one who bucks senior  authority, maybe he'd still never get promoted, but he also wouldn't still  be in the Navy -- get passed over for promotion to full commander twice,  and he's out, friends in high places or not, and the Big Star he's supposed  to be would surely have been up for promotion.  As for the A-6 being in  service in 2002, the author probably wrote the manuscript in 1994-5, well  before the A-6 became obsolete, and the rest of the inacccuracies are Story  Telling.  Some places in America, people are exactly as  parochial/provincial as one reader review denies we are.  Yes, too many  cowboylike Kansans and Nebraskans -- those being mostly farming states, not  gunfighter-cowboy states, but some American advisor or editor should've  noted those errors before the book saw its release in America. It's a  &quot;good read,&quot; for the most part, and should make a fine movie.
6305169187|5.0|I loved this movie.  When I can laugh, cry and sit on the edge of my seat all in one movie it has got to be good.  I would recommend it.
0684852756|4.0|Hanif Kureishi is one of the best playwrites/novelists writing in English today, and &quot;Itimacy&quot; is one of his finest works.  It is the kind of novel that you cannot put down, not because the plot is so exciting, but  because he offers such insight.  Warning: this book is--for some unknown  reason--deeply upsetting.  You seem to travel so deep into the mind of the  narrator, who seems a lot like Kureishi himself, that escape is futile.   This book will control your emotions for days after you've finished it.
B000002U82|5.0|This album combines a very unique combination of psychedelic background noises (helocopters, bells and chimes) to an awesome display of lyrics and gutuir work.  These elements combine to create a CD that will put anyone  into a hallucanagenic transe.  Furthermore, every song complements the  previous, which furthers the feeling of transe.  Anyone who does not feel  like they've been on a &quot;trip&quot; after this CD doesn't deserve to  listen to rock music.
B000002U82|5.0|I'm seventeen. I originally bought this album in 1994 on a cross-country trip with my family. I don't know what drew me to it, probably the strange name. I couldn't believe how dumb I was. I had just bought a cd with  nothing on it but sound effects. On returning home, I lost the Cd and never  gave it another thought. A few years later, I saw the cd in a store  somewhere and believing everything deserves a second chance took it home  and gave it a listen.<br />This album makes me me laugh and cry at the same  time. This album can bring warmth to a cold soul,..........If you let it.  Please buy this album. Trust me. I cherish it to this day.
B000002U82|5.0|When you first album, you probably wont even enjoy it because you will not understand it. After you listen to it a couple of times from beginning to end, you start to absorb and love it. There is no way to describe why this  is such a good cd because, as in all cases, the music speaks for itself.  You must buy this album, if you have never heard it, then you will never  feel the real power music can bring to you. PS Listen to this on  headphones, it makes you able to focus on the music and hear all the  backgrounds and sound effects that make this album so great.
6303921248|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is the best of Jane Autens books.  It catches the eyes of many schoolgirls with the handsome looks of Colin Firth.  I watch this movie nearly every 3 weeks and never tire of it, I know the words off by  heart and am also leading a school production on the play. Everything about  the play was just right and could not be changed. Elizabeth Bennett shows  that women do have an opinion whether it be it the past or the present. I  love this movie so much and hope to one day see it on the big screen at the  movies.  <br />It shows true love does come through in the end.<br />To all those  Colin Firth fans out there if u haven't seen his real life pictures out of  the pride and prejudice costumes and without those side burns you should  not find out what he really looks like as it recks your whole opinion of  him and come to think twice about him.  Don't reck your image of him by  finding out what he really looks like. Peace, love and happiness to all.
0446310786|5.0|This book &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot;  is a very touching story.  It makes you realize the ignorance and the feelings of others.  By reading this book, you can feel the characters living in you.  You can understand  what they are feeling, because everyone has had their incounter with  prejudice at one time or another. Everyone reacts to prejudice in different  ways, and you can see the many ways in this book.  Some people are afraid  of the thoughts other people will give them, others are willing to fight  againts the unkind words that they have heard.   &quot;To Kill a  Mockingbird&quot; is a great book.  It is a story that will stay with you  for all time.
B0000009SG|5.0|Five stars? But of coarse. This is Zappa we're talking about here. The quintesential musical rouge, who, with all odds against him, continued to create and baffle the masses. It would be ridiculous for me to lable this  his best, for as true Zappa fans know, every production of his was a true  gem in it's own right. What I find unique in this recording, is Frank's  ability to influence and affect those otherwise &quot;non-Zappa fans&quot;  with his extremely versitile and ever-changing compositions. In essense, he  created a totaly different sound &quot;overnight&quot; just to accomadate  his non-fans for the purpose of their musical enjoyment. The end result:  Musical enjoyment of somebody you don't like! And to us, the diehards, just  another band from L.A. continuing to create and baffle and smother us with  musical genius and heartfelt bliss. Frank is not in the Rock and Roll Hall  of Fame. But neither he or his fans really care. We have his music!  &quot;Overnight&quot; is truly a sensation. Try it, you'll like it. If you  don't, there are a few Bay City Roller albums floating around out there!
B00000IOSU|5.0|All of the songs on this album are high quality.  The performances are superb and the sound quality is above what I expected for a live album.  If you don't have any of Sarah's albums already, this is a good place to  start.  This is one of those rare albums that, when you're listening to it,  you forget it that it wasn't done in a studio.  You'll just find yourself  listening intently or humming along to the familiar tunes.
B000000W6X|5.0|These are some of the sexiest beats I've ever heard!  This CD is a progressive treat from begining to end (although I think &quot;Heat Miser&quot; would make a better ending than &quot;Light My Fire&quot;...I  don't think the Doors cover really fits the mood of the CD).  Tracy Thorne  and Nicolette's voices are wonderfully jazzy and soothing.  This is an  ablum to listen to while taking a &quot;drive&quot; at night or while in  the arms of your significant other.  A must have!
0440213525|5.0|I must say, short of The Pelican Brief, this is the best John Grisham book I have read. Once again, he has shown just how imperfect our legal system is. He tears the reader appart by pitting two sides, each striving for a  moral goal, against each other. The hardest part is deciding whether it is  right to put a young child's life in danger to bring down a known mafia  criminal. Grisham's dialect captivates the reader and draws them in to make  his books fast paced and hard to put down. And for once, they made a movie  about a book that actually follows the book to a reasonabledegree :-)
0316920045|5.0|This is a novel about addiction - to drugs, to drug treatment, to sex, nationalism, tennis, and more. In turn the novel becomes addictive, and thus as with any addiction there are highs, lows, cravings, remorse,  anxieties and so on.  No, it is not always &quot;easy&quot; or  &quot;fun&quot;, and yes it is challenging, maddening, and confusing, but  so are addictions, and so is life.
0792156684|1.0|Do you wish history consisted of nineties people behaving badly?  Is so, then this film is for you.  Imagine steerage on a boat in 1912, an era when card playing on Sunday was frowned on in a liner and men and women were  housed apart, consisting of &quot;free spirits&quot; from an end of the  century frat house!  Picture every rich person a snob or a prop!  Imagine  two leads, one over ripe for the part, the other unable to deliver a line,  stumbling through a plot straight from high school theater.  If you imagine  all of this, then this is the movie for you.<br />This is a water logged  hellish little movie.  If people in 1912 had been as loutish as portrayed  in this film, men like Bob Dole would not have fought to allow people to  make such tripe.  If people in 1912 had been as silly as portrayed in this  film, then more first class men would have been saved.  The movie lies  about events with such abandon that one quickly loses count.  The sets are  realistic, the people are drawn straight from Days of Our Lives.  The most  dramatic sea disaster of all time is framed by an absurd &quot;love&quot;  story.  It is fortunate that Jack dies, since in real life such quickie ill  conceived relationships end when the middle age Rose wakes up next to her  balding, over weight spouse in a flat in the Village and wonders where his  impulsive libido led him this week.  This movie is worse than a waste of  time, it is a cultural wasteland.  So starved is our romance deprived  culture for beauty, that even this wicked little confection seemed like the  real thing.  This movie, however, confuses teen lust for true love.  Forget  it and go read &quot;Severe Mercy&quot; or watch &quot;A Night to  Remember.&quot;
B000002MT0|5.0|Maybe if u stop comparing Prince albums to other Prince albumsu might find some redemption in his most recent work.  <br />Come hassome fantastic material on it.  I actually consider this one of my favourite Prince albums.  Just like the song &quot;dark&quot;, it is prolific in it's description of this album.  It is indeed &quot;dark&quot;.  The haunting tune &quot;solo&quot; is a great acapella that transcends u into a dreary isolated world, rain included.  It has some poetic lines that chill your soul.  &quot;My name is no one?&quot; Can u beat that?  &quot;Loose&quot; is Prince's stab at the dance techno genre, and it absolutely rockz. &quot;Pheremone&quot; is arguably the best song Prince has ever recorded, &quot;Papa&quot; is a ode to the fathers of the world who like to beat their children.  This song villafies them, with biting avengence.  Do I need to go on about the rest of the trax? Yes eye do! &quot;dark&quot; has a mesmorizing keyboard hook that makes u swoon with delight, &quot;Race&quot;, (the jughead of this album) combines a message with a beat!  &quot;Orgasm&quot;, well. do i need to go there? And &quot;come&quot; a prince anthem, an epic of a song that kicks off this 3 ring circus, a 10 minute jam, a 10 dollar groove. &quot;Space&quot; ...a melody that melts u with every listen, again it sends a shock and a chill as it fills the space of your brain. <br />If u are unfunky, don't bother comin' to tha Come Experience.  If u dig a mix of jammin Prince toonz, stay awhile.  Listen to tha lyrics, jam to tha original beats of &quot;Prince's&quot; last album.<br />And check out the killa killa jacket design. Gothic Prince?  U gotta love that.  The pix in the liner notes are fantastic!  Spooky Prince, rest in peace.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|Very good movie, shows two great stars together in a great script.  Don't miss it.
B000002LOM|5.0|Interesting how an artist such as Morrisey trips the sublime in this, at times, sonically astonishing album.  From crafty songwriting to first rate recording technique, this so-called crybaby of morbidity neither betrays  nor subtracts from his own calling.  The puns and tongue and cheek  approach, which Morrisey has always successfully employed, careen and  richochet throughout this album like ball bearings across a cement  platform.  From the off beat and unusually musical &quot;The Harsh Truth of  the Camera's Eye&quot;, featuring creative off tempo and strange piano  lines to the hit oriented &quot;Our Frank&quot;, this record challenges the  listener much more than the acclaimed first solo album 'Viva Hate'.   Without necessarily pushing into new territory, Morissey still captures the  imagination with the usual grace and taste, spinning prose and verse with  inimitable singing style. Having Clive Langer in the producer chair (Elvis  Costello's &quot;Imperial Bedroom&quot;) the recording does justice to  Morissey's choice of outstanding players.  Unquestionably, one of  Morissey's great strengths is the ability to choose tasteful and unusual  musicians that compliment both his singing and writing instincts. Kill  Uncle isn't for everyone, which is one of the reasons it is so good.  &quot;I don't want to be judged anymore.  I don't want to be judged. I  would sooner be loved.&quot;  Who could put it better? Or, for that matter,  even think to?
B00001OH7P|5.0|Simply one of the greatest rock/concept albums of all time.  &quot;Five Years&quot; carries so much emotion with it, it seems like earth was really dying.  &quot;Lady Stardust&quot;, &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; and  &quot;Moonage Daydream&quot; are all great songs.  &quot;Star Man&quot; is  a perfect song to lean back, stare at the sky and wonder if there is  someone out there.  I love this whole album, and only Bowie could pull  something as elaborate as this.  I agree with people that maybe he should  have kept the Ziggy persona longer.  However, if I have learned anything  about Bowie, it's that he will never stay in the same form for long.  Ziggy  fell to earth, made his appearance, and became a &quot;Rock 'n Roll  Suicide.&quot;
B00000AFFF|2.0|Not unlike Bob Dylan's brazen phony flirtation with Christianity, Elvis Costello proves his desperate desire to remain in the public eye holds no bounds.  While displaying his usual hack prowess at songwriting, the over  emoting Costello transcends from angry young man to dandy old man.  With  the possible exception of &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot;, Costello proves  his run as an interesting and provoctative writer may have reached it's  end.  In continuing to betray the style which placed him squarely on the  forefront of the so-called New Wave movement, Costello once again  demonstrates he's &quot;been around so long, but still doesn't know what to  do.&quot;  As he now turns his charms to the geriatric set, the die-hard  fans of Elvis Costello will undoubtedlty view this outing of songs,  including such puff pieces as &quot;Toledo,&quot; as another statement to  his songwriting depth.  The sad truth is that Costello, who seemingly pines  for the days of Tin Pan Alley, once again turns to a musical formula that  has worked for others in the past (commercially or not, i.e. country,  chamber, American folk, punk, new wave etc.) and then vainly tries to put  his own spin on it. While other reviewers will fawn and coo over Costello  as he again attempts to become an American master, the broad reality is  that Declan MacManus will grab on to any style, provided it helps sustain  his presence in the public's eye.  Needless to say, if Costello had  maintained even the vaguest credability (like fellow aging genius Iggy  Pop,) the music world would be much better off.  Bye Elvis. R.I.P.
B00003TL49|4.0|The inital listening of WHEN THE PAWN...  reveals an anger that has developed since the recording of TIDAL.  However, the adoption of more upbeat and aggressive tempos make WHEN THE PAWN... mark an unexpected and  strangely addictive direction change from Fiona that parades the emotional  maturity of TIDAL with less of the hazy jazz vibes from that record.  From  the shrill exuberance of All I Need to the highly inventive pitching style  of Fast As You Can, Fiona has allowed her influences to serve as proof to  the considerable talent that she possesses and subsequently, WHEN THE  PAWN...screams at the listener to pay attention to the considerable lyrical  ability of this amazing young woman.   My favourite track is the cover of  the Beatles' ACROSS THE UNIVERSE (Best cover ever).   No better than TIDAL,  no worse.  Just different. Not sure about the (full) title though.
038532653X|5.0|I'm 10 years old and I have read the book Skellig.I think that the people that rate these books should look at them differently.they might have think that Skellig should rank 4 1/2...but I don't.I think Skellig is a good book  because it tells how us kids feel towards other people that have only some  or no friends at all.It also shows that you should stand up for your  friends and you should never give up on your hopes or your dreams to help  other people and to take care of others other then your youself.So I hope  that you listen to me because I think Skellig is great.
B000002UA0|1.0|I am a huge fan of the Floyd, they're my favorite band, but I had trouble dealing with Syd. I found his lyrics to be odd and tedious and lacking meaning. The album had no flow, the songs didn't blend, it had no  direction. I actually found myself waiting for the album to end. Syd's  singing lacks melody and his guitar playing is no match for Gilmours. This  album was a valuable stepping stone, but nothing more.
B00004LN16|2.0|Two stars 'cos it's an Ac/Dc album. If any other band had recorded Stiff Upper Lip, i would've given it the full five stars! I've been tryin' to discover what makes this album worse than the others, i still son't know.  It's just that there's no variation in the songs, no energy. Somethin's  missin'. But anyway, you can't stop 'em!
0385484518|5.0|For those of you who think the importance of life is to get more, have more, be more, STOP. Sit a while take time to read the book, no don't just read it, absorb every lesson that is held within these pages. I never knew how much time I wasted on the trivial things until I sat down and read  this. I was so inspired by Morrie, who even up to his death kept on giving,  quenching Mitchs' thirst for knowledge, showing him the direction to go in.  A direction that would lead him to a truly happy and fulfilled life.  The  book is so easy to read, the chapters are short, they get straight to the  point and a lesson can be gained from each and every one of them.  Morrie  Schwartz was an articulate man, who knew just what to say at the right time  - like a wise uncle. He had his share of grief, and throughout his life  learned from everything he went through. Since reading this book I have  bought a copy for every one of my family members and a few close friends  (the bookshop thought I had gone crazy!).  We all waste too much time on  the things that aren't important, and never seem to have the time for  things that are.  Well, read the book, learn the lessons, and your life  will never be the same again..... It will be truly enriched.
B00000IQBL|4.0|My feeling about Full Metal Jacket is similar to many others'. The first half of the movie, set in marine basic training on Parris Island, is so riveting and powerful that it could have been a movie on its own -  seriously, it's that good. The relentless Drill Sergent Hartman and the  bumbling-fool-turned-psycho Pvt. Leonard Pyle are by far the two strongest  characters in the movie. The problem with the second half, Vietnam itself,  is that, well, neither of them are in it! The plot here seems a bit random,  as though they're just wandering around killing people with no real  direction. I guess I'm being too hard on the film, because it's much better  than most, it's just that my expectations were set so high in the first  half that the second just couldn't deliver the same emotional power. It's  really a shame.
0385493800|5.0|John Grisham does it again...but much better.  If you don't think it is possible, then read this great book.  It leads you half way around the world and back again.  It takes many unexpected, but interesting turns and  it keeps you guessing until the very end.  Don't wait another minute!
1572522232|1.0|wow! suspira is super bad. i love horror and jessica harper and i'm surprised i bothered to watch through the end... don't bother.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This recording is without a doubt the most pleasant surprise of the past year.  Santana's success was somwhat limited since the mid seventies(althoughI personally liked many ofhis work afterwards.  However,  Carlos seems to bring out the best in today's hip hop/alternative artists  and in turn they seem to return the favor.  This album really brings out  the beauty in International Music as the songs are all performed with alot  of passion.  I'm not the biggest fan of hip hop/rap music but on this disc  it just sounds excellent to my ears.  Most likely because it has a rock n  roll instrumental backing as opposed to just a drum machine and a bunch of  annoying electronic special effects. The hip hop stars seem to add some  spunky special effects and the International stars add tones that are more  soul soothing than if Santana merely concoted a pure classic rock album  with heavy percussion beats. Overall, this is one case where a little old  and a little new come turn into something shiny and true.
B000001DTM|5.0|While The Joshua Tree is still my favorite album of theirs, there is no denying the music of Achtung Baby is absolutely searing, filled with hypnotic songs and hauntingly introspective lyrics.<br />Right from the start,  you know you're in for something new. The industrial beat to Zoo Station,  and Bono's distorted vocals immediately sets the tone. Even Better Than The  Real Thing is a high flying song with a great guitar riff. All of the songs  are filled with an amazing sense of atmosphere. From the inspired  hopefulness of One, the dance grooves of The Fly and Mysterious Ways, the  dark visuals of Until The End Of The World, the anguish and despair of  Acrobat and concluding with the gloomy soul searching of Love Is  Blindness.<br />Bono, The Edge, Larry Mullen Jr &amp; Adam Clayton delivered  an album that's absolutely among if not the best of the 1990's. An  incredible mix of songs and atmospheres. In the end Achtung Baby is a  rather dark journey that leaves one to ask more questions than receiving  the wanted answers.
1577311523|5.0|Tired of your ego turning every spiritual practice into a pat on the back?  The intellect dead-ends in this no frills book.  It inspired me to go hear the author speak, which is an even more stunning experience...the first  time I AND my friends were &quot;zapped&quot; with that powerful  transmission coming from true silence.  Subsequently, for the first time,  we could actually still our minds for more than a nanosecond.  Catch  Tolle's  dramatization of the ego grasping for status and security...it's a  riot that will make it hard to take the notion of a small self as seriously  again!   He is, regardless, not one of the snappy dressers, not one of the  glam performing gurus who will give you lots of concepts to think over and  over.  He WILL give you a lot NOT to think about!
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange is a page-turner that captivates the interest of all who read it.  Burgess's invention of the &quot;Nadist&quot; language is pure brillance.  The message of the book (which is left unmentioned, to  capture the intrest of the &quot;unexperienced&quot; reader) is a message  that can still be applied today, aproxemntlly thrity years later, to the  modern society.  The discriptive language paints a vivid picture of the  violent acts described.  I wish I could have read the book the way the  author had intended it.  He was upseted by the American transformation of  the book.  The last chapter (Chapter 21), was left out and a glossry of the  Nadist language was added.  Despite these suttle changes the novel is  interesting and though provoking, overall very enjoyable.
B0000004V2|5.0|In 1989, armed with 11 songs and some Jackson Pollock-style artwork, The Stone Roses seized immortality and then some. What had gone before was shrouded in mystery, until the excellent biogs by John Robb and Mick  Middles, and the release of Garage Flowers, revealed the lost first album.   Until then, all we had were the Byrds-like promise of Sally Cinnamon, and  the brilliant Elephant Stone.  <br />That The Stone Roses had been hanging  around since the mid-eighties and had recorded a dodgy goth-rock album as  early as 1985 may explain how their debut album proper couldn't possibly be  the first attempt of four young upstarts to singlehandedly hijack the  British music scene: it was too impossibly perfect (eleven years later it  still tops many of the Best Album Of All Time polls). <br />As the Martin  Hannett inspired intro to I Wanna Be Adored rumbles into focus, like the  sound of a storm in heaven, &quot;the most infectious bassline ever&quot;  (copyright) takes over, and seizes control of you. By the time Ian Brown  whispers the immortal line &quot;I don't have to sell my soul - he's  already in me&quot;, you know this song has the ability to reduce you to  jelly - if Mani and Reni don't get you first, Squire will nail you with the  best sound to have been produced by a guitar since Hendrix cut a mountain  down with the edge of his hand. She Bangs the Drums opens the floodgates -  pure, unadulterated pop perfection - all delicious guitar trickery and  soaring harmonies - like water to a dying man. Waterfall, the tale of a  girl on acid, is another absolute gem, a chiming riff, a killer melody -  kind of like Simon and Garfunkel put through a blender. Don't Stop is  Waterfall pulled backwards through a hedge, Elizabeth My Dear is  Scarborough Fair assassinating the Queen (we'll skip Bye Bye Badman, if you  don't mind), and then there's Sugar Spun Sister, containing possibly the  most perfect (yes, I realise that's the third time I've used it) chorus in  the history of modern music - I defy you not to feel uplifted/euphoric/  ecstatic when you listen to it. Then there's Made of Stone, The Rolling  Stones' Paint it Black given the Squire/Brown makeover - another  superlative bassline, more guitar wizardry from John Squire, Ian Brown in  glorious form. Shoot You Down is a lovely, if vicious, ode to unwanted love  - &quot;I never wanted the love that you showed me, it's starting to choke  me&quot;.  That brings us to the best thirteen minutes to close an album I  can think of.  This Is the One is utterly gorgeous, as close to a love song  as Ian Brown gets on this album, and anyone who considers him the weak link  in The Stone Roses should think again.  Then of course there's I Am the  Resurrection, surely the greatest single blast of pop/rock/psychedelia to  have graced these shores in many a decade.  The workout at the end is  legendary.<br />What came after was Fools Gold, and the words to describe that  fail me.<br />The Stone Roses. Genius.
6304083769|5.0|This movie questions the very existence of our own life. &quot;any way you look at it, every memory a person accumulates during a life time is just another drop in the bucket.&quot; this movie is also concerned with  evolution. In this movie evolution takes place, when the new  &quot;child&quot; is born. It makes you think about what you really are  based on an already defined reality. and DNA and genes are a very important  topic in this movie. I think its for every age group, even if some younger  ones wont be able to grasp all the ideas shown to us in this movie.  Violence and nudity is apart of life, and kids need to know that, that way,  maby they will want to change something. Thank you for your time.
B00003CWPQ|2.0|Two years to make this!  I am an ardent Kubrick fan but this has to be his worst movie and one of the worst movies of the year. Kubrick's films, despite their excesses, are usually redeemed by brilliant direction coupled  with a cerebral power that gives the viewer plenty to think about. Most of  his films contain several set pieces of such stunning visuals that they  become icons (Slim Pickens riding the bomb in &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot;,  the star child at the end of &quot;2001&quot;, etc.) Well, &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; has no stunning visuals and there seems to be no intelligence at  work here. The clever novel on which it was based presented an opportunity  for Kubrick to explore passion and fidelity. Instead, Kubrick delivers a  lumbering, static film that neither arouses nor involves an any  level-narrative, visual, dialogue. The whole thing just creaks along with  the pacing of an old arthritic tortoise with knee replacements. What in the  dickens made Kubrick, who was in his seventies when he made this and died  of a heart attack days after finishing the film, think that he could make a  convincing film about erotcism and desire? Clearly, he couldn't. Cruise and  Kidman try nobly but who can act for a director who, it is rumored,  demanded as many as a hundred takes for something as simple as walking  through a doorway?  Those looking for sex will be disappointed-the  ritualized nude scene in the mansion is so stylized and silly that it is  absurd rather than pornographic. Do Cruise and Kidman do &quot;it&quot; in  this movie? Let me save you the money and tell you: &quot;No!&quot;. Kidman  is briefly nude for a few moments and that is it. So what is the film  about? Cheating. Cruise plays a husband who flirts with temptation but  never gives in. Kidman plays his wife who may or may not have. Who cares? I  know that I didn't and Kubrick gives no reason why anyone should care about  them OR the film. I think that if Kubrick had lived that the studio would  have realized that it was time to rein in his megalomania and excesses and  put a stop to the Kubrick legend and license to do whatever he wanted.  Let's face it, he hadn't made a good film in DECADES when he threw this  stinker out. Wisely, actor Harvey Keitel walked out on the production when  he saw the extravagance of Kubrick and his fumbling &quot;what do I do  now?&quot; attitude toward filmmaking. His may have been the only voice of  reason on this production. Do not waste your time on this one unless you  absolutely MUST see everything that Kubrick has ever done. A real loser.
B000007T1M|5.0|this band is the best thing to appear before SLIPKNOT ever did.  The vocals(SERGE) are so psycopathic that you will laugh while jumping around! The guitars are as amazing as Tom Morello of R.A.T.M. The drumming is just  about as good as both Joey from SLIPKNOT and Roy from SOULFLY. The bass is  just all around a$$ kicking awesome. The best songs are WAR, P.L.U.C.K.,  SUGAR, and, SUITE-PEE.  This band is a must buy for any SLIPKNOT, DEFTONES,  or AMEN bangers.
6300163431|5.0|Though it may sound like hyperbole, this is one of the best films ever made--and one of the most complex in terms of its references to other films and texts.  Though reviewers almost always miss the allusion, the film is a  remake of Sophocles' Oedipus Rex.  At the conclusion, when Satan says to  Johnny, &quot;How unlucky is wisdom, Johnny, when it brings no profit to  the wise,&quot; he is directly quoting Teiresias from the Sophocles play.   (Whenever a detective with a foot problem goes looking for a stranger and  finds instead himself, Oedipus is usually lurking in the background.)  In  addition the film contains playful references to the classic film Chinatown  and to Diner, where Mickey Rourke first became a star.  Also there are  literary references to the Book of Genesis and to Poe's &quot;Telltale  Heart.&quot;  But even ignoring the references to other texts, this is a  marvelous thriller.
B000002OX7|5.0|The only real objection I have with this CD is that &quot;Love Ain't For Keeping&quot; is 2:10. That is one of my all time favorite songs- think you could have beefed it up a little?  Other then that, I like everything they  added. Who's Next is really just a greatest hits album in disguise.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I felt compelled to write a review. Supernatural is a superb CD.  Santana is a Shaman himself. I grew up on Santana, and it is great to hear him again. I was touched by his music in the 70's, and 25 or so years later he  can still do it now.  This CD contains collaborations with great artists.  Mr. Carlos Santana and the CD deserve all the awards they are getting.  Santana was great before, and he's still great. Thanks Carlos!
B000002BFZ|5.0|Many people who liked Ten don't like No Code, but that is due to closemindedness on their part. No Code is awesome, exemplifying the widest range of talent on any of Pearl Jam's albums. Sometimes is the perfect  opener song (and a perfect concert-opening song as well). Hail Hail is one  of my all-time favorite songs, which is a far cry from anything U2, Neil  Young, or anyone else has put out. In My Tree is a very underrated song  only because it does not follow the mainstream. Off He Goes is a  beautifully-crafted folksy song, which I have a special appreciation for as  a songwriter myself. Red Mosquito has proven its merit on the Live On Two  Legs album. Lukin is very hardcore, and a great song to listen to while  lifting weights (put it on repeat)..the only improvement I would make would  be to lengthen the song to about 5 minutes! Present Tense and I'm Open are  a nice change from the overplayed Even Flow and Jeremy from Ten. I would  highly recommend No Code for those who are tired of the fake songs you hear  on the radio these days from bands like Green Day or Dave Matthews.
6300214753|3.0|This movie is best enjoyed when you are about 13. People who liked it when they were 13 might want to go back and see it objectively, without nostalgia. It has some appealing moments, but doesn't consistently sustain  its comedic level or its treatment of the characters very well.
B00004BZ16|5.0|If you ever travel around the world, this is the album to bring.  I did.  Whatever song, no matter the country or situation, Sandinista always  perfectly enhanced the scene.   It also worked like a magnet in attracting   very cool, very interesting people.   So, when you head for the airport,  don't forget to pack your passport, a good pair of socks, and this  phenomenal music.   Sandinista is a sparking soundtrack for  the journey of  your lifetime.
014028009X|5.0|Very enjoyable.  This book will really make you laugh out loud.  A quick, fun read.  I can't wait to read the new one!
0792833279|5.0|This is one of the funniest films I have ever seen. John Travolta won a golden globe for his outstanding performance as Chilli Palmer. It is a film that will make you feel a little guilty for laughing at someone else's down  fall. The acting is superb and the dialog is extreamly potent. Every member  of the cast shines in their various roles. The acting is so good that you  actually hope that Harry Zimm {GENE HACKMAN} and Martin Weir {DANNY DEVITO}  are not like this in real life. Rene Russo is outstanding and seems  completley natural in her role as a B-grade movie actress. The movie,  although underated, is a true cult classic.
B00000J8EK|4.0|A great CD to eat with cheese, this is a real cracker.  From the corny yet addictive beeps of Music:Response and the pumping rhythm of Hey Boy Hey Girl to the malevolent beat of Out of Control I think this release is first  class.
B000001Y5J|5.0|If you're pondering whether to get this EP or not.. go for it!   I'd recommend this over PHM any day. From start to finish, it's grinding guitars and screaming.. pure heaven  :)  Some people think it's too short  but I think that's part of its appeal, especially if you think TDS was too  long.  Plus you get the two totally awesome secret tracks!   Thank you  Trent, this thing rules.
0440234743|3.0|Can probate law really be all that interesting?  With a self-discovering protagonist typical of Grisham novels and a cast of truly colorful antagonists, the answer is... almost.  The novel succeeded in keeping my  attention as it led our recovering alcoholic lawyer Nate through his  battles with the jungles of Brazil, Dengue fever, and of course the bottle.   It failed to engross me in Nate's conversion to a born-again Christian and  his attempts to reconcile with his fractured family.  With this personal  transformation set against the backdrop of a contested multi-billion dollar  will, in which the tawdry escapades of greedy heirs are wonderfully  related, probate law is made marginally glamorous... but not quite.  I  found myself caring more about the mis-doings of the greedy heirs than  about Nate's transformation to a &quot;better&quot; person, and I suspect  that wasn't Mr. Grisham's intent.
B00000DGUG|5.0|At first when I heard the CD, I put it away thinking, this sucks, she sucks now. But a few tracks had me intrigued. I listened to it again, and again, everytime a different song standing out. I have heard the album  countless times, practically  knowing all the lyrics. I came to know each  track like a friend, who came by for tea and a conversation. This is really  a musical diary, but the music is so amazing, that you will need multiple  listens, each time focusing in on some of the other perfect aspects of the  album. At first some tracks may seem bad (Your Congratulations, The Couch),  but after a while, they seem musical too. The album is amazing, better than  the first and has made me a real Alanis Morissette Junkie. But it now, for  a truly great experience
B00000DC4A|5.0|When Bryan Adams produced one of his worst albums ever, 18 Til I Die, most people were scared to hear more new material from the Candian rock star. <br />However, Bryan bounced with his best production to date with his  Unplugged album. With On A Day Like Today, Bryan Adams turns from the Gucci  shoes and Designer boots and hops back to the basic look and produces some  of his best material ever.<br />The songs on here are classic Bryan Adams,  ranging from cheesy goofball stuff in &quot;I Don't Wanna Live  Forever&quot; to amazing lyrics in songs like, &quot;Where Angels Fear to  Tread,&quot; (which is one of his best songs EVER, by the way.) There's  even the radio friendly duet with Sporty Spice, &quot;When You're  Gone.&quot; Personally, the version with just Bryan is best, but who am I  to decide?<br />The lyrics, the sound, the production, and everything is  superb. I could have made a few changes that would have made this album  perfect, but hey, this is as close as we're gonna get. So go buy it.
6305750750|4.0|To an extent it is agreeable with the initial criticism that the long awaited prequel lacks depth, maturity and the unique quality of character found in episodes IV, V and VI. Nevertheless, the very feat of bringing us  back to the Star Wars universe in such authenticity after a twenty year  gap, can only be applauded. George Lucas has without doubt satisfied his  own minions of fans whilst encapturing the millions of young imaginations  who were deprived of the previous three outings. This film is in no way a  masterpiece, but is a standing prophecy of the completion of a six part  masterpiece. May the mystique of the JEDI live on!
B000001FOL|5.0|I am not surprised to see some negative reviews On Nico's cd. i know alot of people don't really dig Nico. I at first was not into Nico. When i heard her sing in The Velvet Underground, I was like &quot;God she can't  sing! &quot; but when I heard her solo albums, I decided to buy them  myself. Nico may not have a marvelous voice(but neighter do I!LOL) But her  lyrics are powerful. She did not write any of the songs in this  album(mostly written by Lou Reed, and one by Bob Dylan) But check out  &quot;The End&quot;, &quot;The Desert Shore&quot;, and &quot;The marble  index&quot;, and she WROTE all those lyrics herself. She was a poet  herself. I LOVE her music, and I think Nico is great, and It's sad that  people leave so many negative reviews on her. i really recommend this  album!
B000002UAF|5.0|I really think that based on the variety of the pieces, the content of the songs and the fact that the Beatles completely ROCK, this is a fabulous cd that proves early that the fab four can certainly write wonderful (and  wonderfully singable) music.  This album is a must for Beatles fans and  anyone who likes good music.  There is a certain appeal to the fact that  three of the four members are on lead vocal throughout the album and though  only half the songs appear on the film &quot;a hard day's  night&quot;(equally charming), they should never be viewed as  &quot;leftovers&quot; because all the songs on the album could very well be  hits.  5 stars!
B00003CXDV|5.0|This movie was absolutely hysterical!  I loved all the principals; they were perfect for their roles.  Sigourney Weaver and Alan Rickman absolutely stole the show with some of the funniest lines in a long time.<br />My  roommate is a diehard Trekkie and Star Wars fan and he loved it too!  We  saw it twice the weekend it opened, because we wanted to catch all the  things we missed, and to laugh again at a fine effort by an amazing  ensemble.  Kudos to everyone involved...you've created a classic!
B000002BQK|5.0|This was the first Mariah Carey CD I got (i got it like 3 years ago) and I think it's one of her best.  The songs are very emotional and Mariah has a great voice!  Then, I got her #1's CD and that one is very good too!  I'm  planning on getting her Rainbow one.  Overall, this is a MUST HAVE!
B000003N7Y|5.0|Yes we all know that most of the tunes here are &quot;old&quot; songs found on previous Mingus efforts. But these are the DEFINITIVE versions and the new 20-bit Impulse! release has INCREDIBLE sonics. The level of  musicianship here was never surpassed in any of Mingus' other  &quot;big-band&quot; efforts.  Just listen to Dolphy and Booker blow, for  crying out loud!
B000031XCR|5.0|This is a great CD with some of Celine's greatest hits and her newest hits!  It's a &quot;must-have&quot; for any fan!  Celine has a wonderful voice and I'm sure you'll love this CD :)
038533348X|5.0|Vonnegut has written here his most unique and original vision.  I found myself smiling openly as I turned each page, not necessarily because it was funny, but because it was that good.  You don't see anything coming, but  when it does, it somehow makes all the sense in the world.  To say that  this book is simply an apocalyptic novel is to sell it short.  It contains  within it snippets of dialogue and random encounters with quirky  individuals that we've all experienced at one time in our lives.  Although  only a very short novel, it's as dense as they come.  Every sentence has  its own significance, every chapter is a story in itself.  I never thought  that such zany and zealous prose could manage to create such a structurally  sound story.  You'll probably finish it in one sitting, and you'll be angry  that it's over.
0684874350|4.0|this is a great story.  frank mccourt is one of the best writers for the new century.  his words and the way he captured the feelings and emotions of the time was wonderful.  this story is a great inspiration and wonderful  story for anyone.
6305657947|2.0|As much money as this movie made when it was in the theatres, I expected to at least stay awake throughout the movie.  The pace was awkwardly slow and the gratuitous nudity scenes, albeit nice, were completely unecessary  for the movie.  Possibly a rental, but don't waste your money buying this.
B000031WD9|1.0|This movie was so unfunny!  You could see all the jokes coming from a mile ahead, and they weren't shocking because you already knew from the ads what happened.  People that sit and watch this and laugh their heads off are  pretty sad if you ask me.  They think they're so wild and crazy cuz they  saw a movie that joked about - SEX!   Yeah, man, living on the  edge....<br />Don't waste your time with this bomb.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I have to say this album has an amazing property I didn't know compact discs could have:  it is rotting!  Not kidding, this album is so bad the fungus and bacteria are the only things to touch it, and they turn it gooey and green and I think it smells too.  Seriously, this is one of the worst  rock albums I own.  The lyrics are so overdone and &quot;tragic&quot; that  you'd swear you're burning in hell.  I can't believe the reviews this album  is getting, &quot;oh my God Creed is awesome I love Creed they are the best  ever...&quot;  Their first album was much better, period.  How 'bout their  lame videos too.  Everything this band does now is cookie-cutter.   Definitely the 'N Sync of rock music.  Go buy yourself an STP or Pearl Jam  CD to find out what real bands can do.  4 1/2 stars?  Ridiculous.  Try  again fans.
0440234743|1.0|A derranged billionaire, bickering losers buried in debt and a fanatic hiding in the ends of the world for heirs of an enormous fortune.  That is  the Phelan Legacy.  A study in failed marriages and addictions with rabid  sharks willing to go to the verge of disbarment in exchange for a fat  commission. The Piranhas were not swimming in the Pantanal River, they were  backstabbing each other in the courtrooms of Washington D.C. It is a page  turner all right. I could not wait to see the end of it and put this  miserable story to bed. Not to mention that the end was absolutely  predictable.
B00000DFRS|5.0|This Album is amazing from the first to the last Song!  I cant understand people who give this excellent Album only 1 Star!  Really I cant. Its a shame! This CD is one of the best R&amp;B Records out today!  Whitney sounded great on every Song and I have purchased this record with  its release and cannot stop listen!  There is no Song to skip away!  It  is a must have for every CD-Collection. Get it today!
B0000029GA|5.0|When I first laid this incredible piece of vinyl on my turntable, I wasn't sure of what to expect. I saw the credits, the amazing producers recruited (Primo, Large Professor, Q-Tip, etc.), but I definitely wasn't ready for  the lyrical masterpiece that painted pictures of the sorrowful ghetto life  right in front of my eyes, with so much depth that even Mr. Suburbanite  could understand the trials and tribulations of the streets.  Nas stepped  into the studio with his skills and a blunt (or two or three) and spit  description-packed lyrics that tell stories in a way nobody else ever can.   There are greats like Slick Rick and others, but Nas' smoke-filled voice  graces the track and compliments the beat so perfectly that you'd almost  think the pulse of the music ran through his veins. And maybe it does.  Nas  feels the rhythm and gives a new melody to the  songs with his original  style, a style that many have emulated, but no one can master.  Nas was  truly ahead of his time with this album.  In a time when slow, easily  understandable rhymes over mainstream bass beats were popular, Nas stayed  true and kicked wisdom for those true rap heads in the streets, displaying  a mastery of the language with abundant metaphors and intensely descriptive  flows that draw you into the music.  Nas' true heart-felt emotion is  apparent on all of these tracks, and in songs such as 'One Love,' where Nas  is writing a letter to a friend in prison, it's easy for the listener to  get caught up and lament the losses of all those other 'not-so-fortunates.'  In a time when knowledge-based, lyrically-focused, rhyme-oriented hip-hop  is on the B Side, and even Nas himself has fallen off into the league of  the Ruff Ryders, this is a record you should have on your top shelf as a  constant reminder of times past and possibilities to come, because Nas  truly dropped a classic gem.
0688145078|5.0|My son was 2 1/2 when my daughter was born.  We began reading this book  every night and he LOVED it.  We still read it a year later.  It is the  first book he memorized and &quot;reads&quot; to us now.  He loves how the  book makes being a big brother sound wonderful.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|...  and over again with my four year old.  I still enjoy it every time I see it!  The smarts and courage of this young woman make for a truly enjoyable experience. Even though the songs are not that catchy, this film  is among the greatest children's movies.
B0000399WI|5.0|A wonder of modern cinema. Frank Darabont has included into this film his absolutely remarkable talent of direction and writing, complete with Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman's selection, make this a higly recommended  title. The Shawshank Redemption DVD is of excelent quality of both sound  -dolby digital 5.1- and picture -crystal full screen- and one of Darabont's  greatest films
B00003CWPR|2.0|When I saw this movie in the theater, I had high hopes for it.  From the reviews I heard, it was supposed to shock me.  But, sadly, it didn't.  This story could have easily been told in an hour 1/2.   If you want to be  shocked, you're better off renting/buying Basic Instinct, Fatal Attraction,   or 9 1/2 weeks...  Rent it first then buy it if you like it.
B00003W8NM|1.0|I saw fight club three times in theaters and will buy the DVD, but I'm giving it one star to state how much I detest the cover of the DVD case. What was wrong with the cover that was the same as the ads? You know the  one I mean with the soap with &quot;fight club&quot; on it above and head  shots of Pitt (on the left) and Norton (on the right) below? This new cover  is horrible. Did they think Pitt's face wasn't visible enough? This was  looking to be like one of the best non two disc DVDs ever and now every  time I look at it I must gaze on that wretched picture.
0812523334|5.0|I'm buying this book from amazon. I love little woman! I've read a old kids version twice and seen lots of versions of the movie and I always fall in luv with Laurie! lol Well not really. But it's really good! It just shows you how well she explains her charectars in her writing!
0345350499|5.0|I read this book last year and I loved it so, so, so much that I am reading it again.  The character I liked best was Gwenhwyfar (believe me), and I think her a great woman, a strong one, despising some bad things she  did. Morgaine too made bad things and anyone complained about that!  But,  anyway, the 2 are the best and I care for them very much. I gladly  recommend this book.
068484267X|5.0|Reading this book was the first time I &quot;heard&quot; from a person first hand his experience of growing up in extreme poverty. During the  depression many people were poor and hungry - my own mother was lucky that  her family of 6 could kill a chicken to eat each Sunday. But Frank McCourt  describes poverty beyond imagination; unfortunately a painfully true story.  Day after day he and his family went without food, without heat, without  decent clothing, without a bathroom. <br />It takes courage to write a memior  - one is under scrutiny not only for their writing style (McCourt's is  wonderful!) but also for their own actions through life. <br />McCourt manages  to describe his life with dignity when it would seem there was none to be  found. When he steals food to survive, it is in desperation, and yet with  dignity, and we are convinced he did the right thing.<br />We need to remember  that there is still too much poverty and hunger in the world. Too many  children go to bed hungry at night, and have nothing to eat when they wake  up.<br />We need to remember this the next time our children cry because we  didn't buy them a new Pokemon toy....
0440219078|5.0|Lois really gets you thinking about what life would be like if we were all the same. He creates an inspiring world in which every one is the same and you do not have to make any important decisions. I deeply enjoyed it.
B000002U82|5.0|PInk Floyds signature album in my opinion, all the members in top form. Im a biased source, hard pressed to find a PF album I don't like. Well, if you enjoy PF buy the album. I sincerely doubt youll be dissapointed.
B000000OE7|5.0|This album is a lovely example of Queen's wonderful sound. At times, it is difficult for me to listen to it without being moved to tears. Freddie's persistence and devotion is truly incredible, considering the way he must  have been feeling at the time he recorded the album. My favorite songs  include &quot;It's A Beautiful Day&quot; (beginning and ending parts),  &quot;Made In Heaven&quot;, &quot;Let Me Live&quot;, &quot;My Life Has Been  Saved&quot;, &quot;I Was Born To Love You&quot;, and &quot;A Winter's  Tale&quot;. The first one, &quot;It's A Beautiful Day&quot;, along with its  reprise at the album's end, is a beautifully done introduction to the  ambiance of the album: soft, contemplative, and without regrets. &quot;Made  In Heaven&quot; starts out strong and doesn't let up: Freddie's courage,  acceptance and determination are more evident in this song than anywhere  else on the album. I can't help but admire him for having such peace in the  face of such adversity: &quot;Taking my ride with destiny, willing to play  my part.&quot; And for his dedicated resolve: &quot;Living with painful  memories, loving with all my heart/ ...Taking in all this misery, but  giving it all my soul.&quot; &quot;Let Me Live&quot; is an awesome tune,  offering a rare chance to hear John Deacon sing (verse two). It sounds like  a free, happy, one-take jam session (complete with gospel-type choir  backing), but it was actually recorded in a piecemeal fashion, although one  would never know it from listening to the song. &quot;My Life Has Been  Saved&quot; is a thoughtful, socially conscious piece, and like so many of  the songs on this album, it is colored by the heartbreaking irony of the  disparity between Freddie's lyrics and real life. &quot;I Was Born To Love  You&quot; is an upbeat rocker whose power to uplift comes mainly from  Roger's superb drumming and Brian's searing guitar bridge. Freddie's vocals  convey a win-at-all-costs determination, and although they are at timeslifted from other Queen/Freddie songs, are nevertheless seamlessly put  together and they do not seem at all out of place. &quot;A Winter's  Tale&quot; is a breathtaking portrait of a better, more perfect time. One  can hear Freddie's hope in the way he sings of it. All told, this is a  beautiful album. Freddie's hope, peace and joy, even in the face of a  painful death, are evident and inspiring. It's well worth having in your  collection even if you aren't a big Queen fan. And if you are a big fan, be  forewarned: keep the Kleenex handy.
B000002UA0|2.0|I found this album very dissapointing. It pains me terribly deeply, but the whimsical tunes in this album just dont seem floydian. The floyd I love has a sound that just runs through you. I'm not even really conscious of  the songs on other albums, they just fit and become the natural noise. I  like Syd Barrets guitar ok, but I hate to say (No, I don't), Gilmour puts  something in to Pink Floyd thats just not there I'm sorry, Stone me if you  like, I just don't dig on the Monkies all too much.
B000002H6C|5.0|Its the very best.  Best songs are THE SHORTEST STRAW   BLACKEND  <br />BUY IT!
B000003N89|5.0|This is Diana Krall's best album, and if you are just starting to get to know her music, I would start with this one.  I really love all her other albums too (I'd give them all five stars), but this one has the best  balance of the sweet and sultry Diana Krall and the witty, winsome and fast  playing Diana Krall that I love listening to. Stylistically, I think her  singing in her subsequent CDs 'Love Scenes' and 'When I Look in Your Eyes'  is more refined and understated, but 'All for You' is definitely closest to  what she is like live.<br />And what a live show she puts on!  I just saw her  in Washington DC in March and she thrilled a packed theatre with her music,  humor and charm.   It is great to see that she is getting the acclaim that  she deserves.
B0000025IE|2.0|Unlike other JP cd's which hold up with age, and some get better with age, like Turbo, this cd seems to sound more immature each time I listen to it.<br />There are too many pseudo-tough,, pseudo-biker, pseudo-rebellion,  pseudo-anti-establishment songs that would appeal to a teenager, but  gradually lose their appeal later.<br />Songs like Grinder, Breaking the law,  You don't have to be old to be wise, and United emphasize this point.<br />JP  cd's in that era like Hell bent for leather, Screeming for vengence and  Defenders of the faith, have less such anthemic songwriting, thus hold up  with age.<br />As one who thoroughly loved this cd as a teenager, it would be  a great cd to get such a person into heavy metal
0780020685|5.0|and I rarely watch movies more than once.  I've seen chopped versions, butchered versions, not too bad versions, and full versions. This is the full version, and every shot is needed.  I see something new and worthwhile  every time I watch it. It is certainly the best action movie I've ever  seen, and no other action movie has ever come close (save perhaps the  beginning of &quot;Private Ryan&quot;). It is the masterpiece of one of the  world's greatest directors, and may well be the best film yet made. I know  of no one who has only seen it once. You can watch it entirely as a simple  action movie and be enthralled and uplifted; eventually you will see that  it illuminates some important universal truths. Yes, it drags in a few  places, but who would want a perfect film?  This is as close as you get  from a human director. People will still be enjoyoing this film a hundred  years hence.
0446604844|4.0|This is the first Baldacci novel I have ever read and I have to say that I am most impressed. The story is very, very entertaining and the pace of this book is very consistent. Baldacci can make even the most minor  character engaging, there are enough surprise involved to keep you into it,  and the conclusion comes from nowhere. This book is worth the sleep you  will miss trying to finish it.
B000006U44|5.0|Kate's appearance on the music scene certainly raised some eyebrows: her unconventional vocal style was quite unlike anything heard before and her photogenic figure peering down from billboards was responsible for one or  traffic accidents.<br />The debut single 'Wuthering Heights' was a massive  success but there was always a danger that this could have turned into a  one-off novelty hit. Smartly, she followed this up with the gorgeous 'The  Man With The Child in His Eyes', a song so perfect you could stick a nail  in it and hang it on the wall. It had little in common with its predecessor  and proved that there was more than one string to her bow.<br />No more  singles were released from the album, although there was no shortage of  contenders, and the album is consistantly good throughout from the haunting  opener 'Moving',which segues brilliantly into 'The Saxaphone Song' - with  its  exquisite instrumental fade out - to the celebration of motherhood in  the title track.<br />Sensuality and passion runs through the entire album,  providing a back-bone to her lyrical themes. But there is an underlying  innocence to it all; afterall she was still a teenager when these songs  were written. <br />Nearly 25 years on 'The Kick Inside' is still a joy from  start to finish.
B00003XB8K|5.0|As another milestone in their musical journey, Enigma produces another spirited album, filled with all the emotion you expect from them.  Just like their other albums, this one takes you to new, far off places...the  way that only Enigma can.  They truly deliver!  I found the album grew on  me more &amp; more each time I listened to it, just like all the others  have.  It has the same familiar Enigma sound, but with a new twist, a  different meaning &amp; attitude.  A DEFINATE must have for your collection  of  &quot;music for the soul&quot;.
B000002KIE|5.0|4 great muzic nothing surpasses this cd if u wont 2 hear the best this rocks on OK. U Bet
B00000IAU3|5.0|I had never heard of Dido before when a friend AND my sister both recommended I listen to her.  I IMMEDIATELY loved it.  Not only that but the WHOLE album is good!   It's so common to have 3 or 4 good songs on an  album, then get stuck forwarding through all the &quot;others&quot;.   Rarely do I find an album of which I can honestly say &quot;this is a great  one, from first song to last&quot;, which I can with Dido!  The samples  here do it no justice, you simply must order it.  :O)
079213690X|3.0|This is a good film to watch if you like a medieval action flick (although why it was necessary to depict one of the &quot;bad guys&quot; as gay is beyond me--to give the supposed macho audience an extra reason to hate  him?).  It has all the makings of epics that everyone loves--undying  romance, true love, revenge--you get the picture.  Just remember that this  is a movie, and not a history lesson.  Most of the events were depicted  extremely out of order. For instance, the big, bad English king didn't die  until five years after Wallace was executed.  The prince only married  several years after his fathers' death--i.e. Wallace could never have had  an affair with his wife.  Even if they had met, when he died, she was  approximately 13.  I can understand why they changed some events.  I'm sure  everyone likes to think of Wallace shagging his arch-enemy's  daughter-in-law, but why did they depict Robert the Bruce so weak-willed?   If you get a chance, check out a biography, or even an encyclopedia entry  about his life.  He was every bit as much a hero as William Wallace.
B000000ZGO|5.0|This is one of the most important rock albums ever.  Each song is a gem.  &quot;Walk On By&quot; is filled with such depression, but is a classic.  &quot;Hyperbolicsyllabicsesquidalimistic&quot; is funky as hell.  &quot;One  Woman&quot; is a nice tune.  &quot;By The Time I Get To Phoenix&quot; has  such strength.  I urge you to buy this album.  It is beyond essential.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I don't know what's the big deal about this movie that it's one of the best sellers.  It's dragging and pointless.  The best part is the conversation (arguement)between Cruise and kidman in the bedroom.  Other  than that, everything else is just very dry and plain.  If you like the  combination of Cruise and Kidman, then you've gotta watch Far and Away.  Now, that's a quality movie!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is so phat! Its a great one 4 teenagers to buy because it deals with real issues in a teen's life. For example, &quot;Adam's song&quot; talks about suicide. There are songs that are hilarious, some about  boy/girlfriends, and real issues. It is the best cd I've bought in a while  and I love it.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I don't know what's the big deal about this movie that it's one of the best sellers.  It's dragging and pointless.  The best part is the conversation (arguement)between Cruise and kidman in the bedroom.  Other  than that, everything else is just very dry and plain.
B000002UEB|5.0|This is really a great album - one of the finest rock albums I have ever heard. In contrast to their recent weak outputs, the band has set a standard that no one since has reached (at least in Hard Rock/Metal, to my  knowledge). There are incredible details in the drums and bass lines (e.g.,  the pumping bass in the title track); the album is full of melodic and  rhythmic ideas. Geoff Tate never sang better, and the lyrics are forceful  and explosive. <br />I also recommend the extremely original (though much more  &quot;commercial&quot;) &quot;Rage for Order&quot;, and (of course) the  metal classic &quot;The Warning&quot;, which was their debut longplayer. It  is puzzling that a band that invented so many stilistic elements has  declined to a state-of-the-art but unoriginal hard rock act.
0553277472|4.0|If I have to describe this book in two words, I would describe it as &quot;Thought Provoking&quot;. If I try to attempt to say anything more about this book, I am sure I would fail. There are parts of the book which  didn't make sense to me immediately. I still don't know if I have  understood it completely. But I am happy that it made me think and get a  new perspective about certain things.
6305499365|4.0|I've rented the movie twice and plan to buy (at least) two copies.  Having spent 30 years in the Information Systems field I'd have to say that this film has the makings of a Geek Cult Classic. It is right-on the cube  life-style.  Its also starting to work its way around the Gen-X'ers.  In my  department, we're planning on stocking up on red Swingline Staplers.
B000002IWQ|5.0|Everytime I listen to this CD. I can not put it down. This is like Moving Pictures and Hold Your Fire in the fact that it's hypnotic musically and lyrically.
B000035Z1Z|5.0|There is no other movie in my collection that gets watched as often as this one. The story line is quite simple but the acting by the entire cast makes every line and every situation seem fresh and funny, even after  scores of viewings.<br />I am not generally a Meg Ryan fan but this movie  shows her broad range of abilities, from physical comedy (the run in with  the dessert cart, or suffering from the ill effects of lactose intolerance)  to subtle poignancy (watch her facial expressions change in the very last  scene on the airplane). Smaller roles are exquisitely played, from the  always incomparable Jean Reno as a French policeman to the fine character  actor who plays the concierge at the Hotel George V in Paris - an absolute  gem of a performance in every respect and a one person commentary on the  entire French persona.<br />The French countryside is beautifully  photographed, especially the wine country that is so central to the plot,  and there are lovely glimpses of Paris as well.<br />But for me the  performance by Kevin Kline tops everything. His character is both  incredibly complex and laugh out loud funny in this movie, and also  wonderfully sensual. From one scene to the next we understand more and more  what he thinks and feels.<br />Bet you can't watch it just once! Bet you'll  start quoting sections of dialogue at the drop of a hat! Bet you buy the  first rate soundtrack (includes Kevin Kline singing in French).
B00000JCOV|5.0|this is the best and hardest cd that has come out in a long time. my favorite tracks are # 3,4,5,6 although they are all great. the lyrics are real and the band knows what they're all about. every song is worth it and  every member deserves continuous credit for putting out the best album.
B000001FNL|5.0|This is a great CD for anyone who likes music from country to pop. It has great harmonies and awesome falcetto from Barry Gibb. (Nights on Broadway especially! ).This is a must have for any true BeeGees fan!
B000002J1S|5.0|Here I sit with trembling hands trying to figure out how I will review one of my favorite albums.  So I won't.  All you need to know is that you've never heard aything like it EVER! and that's a good thing.  That is all.
6305226296|5.0|The BeeGees are the best and this is another example of how great they are! If you are big fan like me, this is a must have!
B0000067L3|3.0|A double CD, featuring one disc of studio material, and one of tracks recorded live at the Fillmore (East? West?).  Together the two discs clock in at just under 80 minutes, so this could have easily been made a single  disc for anyone but the Cream completist.  (Just snip a couple of minutes  out of the 16+ minutes of &quot;Toad&quot; and there ya go!).<br />For the  most part the long live tracks here appeal to me only a bit more than those  on &quot;Goodbye Cream.&quot;  The opening live cut,  &quot;Crossroads,&quot; is a nice, concise version of the Robert Johnson  classic.  Bruce and Clapton duke it out, seemingly soloing at the same  time, and Clapton's vocals are quite strong.<br />The Bruce composition  &quot;Traintime&quot; has some nice blues harp from Bruce backed only by  Ginger Baker's shuffling rhythms, and at 7 minutes, doesn't wander off too  far in search of ideas.  The 16+ minute version of Willie Dixon's  &quot;Spoonful&quot; features a lot of bass soloing from Bruce that sounds  like a fishing expedition.  The 16+ minute version of &quot;Toad&quot; is  about what you'd expect, with Baker taking a very long drum solo break.  Longer than I can usually sit and listen to.<br />The studio disc features  quite a few gems, beginning with the hit single &quot;White Room&quot;  (Clapton's cool wah-wah guitar matched with against Baker's pounding drums  and Bruce's falsetto vocals).  The instrumentation is quite varied,  compared to the electric power-trio recordings most people think of (when  they think of Cream).  &quot;Passing the Time&quot; reminds me a lot of the  Yardbirds (with maybe a hint of early Pink Floyd).  Tracks like &quot;As  You Said&quot; feature acoustic guitars and viola, reminiscent of XTC, or  maybe the Dukes of the Stratosphere, while &quot;Pressed Rat and  Warthog&quot; works a spoken story against a drums and trumpet background.  &quot;Deserted Cities of the Heart&quot; features a very fuzzed Clapton  guitar (which reminds me of the guitar sound featured in the band  Copperhead, with John Cippolina) together with some nice acoustic strumming  and piano. The Cream standard blues workouts turn up in tracks like  &quot;Sitting on Top of the World&quot; &quot;Politician&quot; and  &quot;Born Under a Bad Sign&quot; (with Clapton's guitar sounding like it  did in his stint in &quot;Tommy&quot;).<br />Overall I could live without the  32 minutes of &quot;Spoonful&quot; and &quot;Toad&quot;, and thus a single  instead of a double CD.  As it is, I think the studio disc is strong enough  to make this worth having.the guitar sound featured in the band  Copperhead, with John Cippolina) together with some nice acoustic strumming  and piano. The Cream standard blues workouts turn up in tracks like  &quot;Sitting on Top of the World&quot; &quot;Politician&quot; and  &quot;Born Under a Bad Sign&quot; (with Clapton's guitar sounding like it  did in his stint in &quot;Tommy&quot;).<br />Overall I could live without the  32 minutes of &quot;Spoonful&quot; and &quot;Toad&quot;, and thus a single  instead of a double CD.  As it is, I think the studio disc is strong enough  to make this worth having.
0515123447|5.0|Possibly one of the best thrillers I have read, especially from a debut author. Jack Reacher was perhaps not a beleivable character as has been pointed out in other reviews but it's fiction. J k Rowlings books are  hardly believable but she is world famous now. The idea behind the money  was incredible, who actually thinks that kind of stuff up.
1559408758|5.0|This is the best movie ever made, it needs to be re-released!
B00000JCB2|5.0|this cd is pretty good put together if you like hard-core metal,rap with a little bit of humer than you should definetly buy this cd and you will be surprised
B00000DLVA|1.0|Sure, I first heard of the Cardigans when I saw the &quot;Lovefool&quot; video on Mtv.  So I went and bought &quot;First Band on the Moon&quot;, and was happy to find out that the rest of the CD kicked some major butt.<br />  Eventually I obtained a copy of this, after hearing &quot;My Favourite  Game&quot; on the radio.  I didn't like it.  I was thinking that the  Cardigans were seriously disappointing me, after displaying so much genius  previously.<br /> Undeterred, I eventually bought the &quot;Life&quot; CD and  was VERY PLEASED.  That's the Cardigans I know and love.  I even bought the  import &quot;Other Side of the Moon&quot; for the b-sides, and I guess I am  a happy boy now.  I love the Cardigans, but unless they find their way out  of this &quot;trip-hop&quot; bull, I will have to be content with the  earlier stuff.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|THE MATRIX IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER. I LOVE IT AS MUCH AS I LOVE PIE!
6304935811|5.0|Patton played by George Scott pleased me. The depth and complicated nature of Patton came through, frame by frame. Patton's love of pomp and poetry, his passion for war, his vulnerability to the disapproval of people he  admired, his vulnerability to his own desire for fame, his doubts and  depressions, his appreciation of his dog Willie, who never lived up to his  namesake William the Conquerer--all these layers of character were  tastefully portrayed in a film that is action and color and adventure and  drama of the highest caliber. Patton's real life family approved of this  movie, after fighting having a movie made of his life for over twenty  years! I like my young sons to watch and study this video as they do. It  encourages them to appreciate the layers of character a great man can have.
B00000IPAX|5.0|all the small things was a good song because of the truth to the lyrics and the fast-paced tune, to go with my lifestyle (also fast). kids in my class get in trouble for singing it too loud.
B000001E18|5.0|Zooropa... a bluer kind of white. Way ahead of its time, way underated, and ignored probably #3 in U2s greatest albums. Yes its different, but this is a band that refuses to stay stagnated, and thats what i enjoy the most  about them. Sure i know early U2 fans hate them because they went  commercial during the Joshua Tree, and they keep complaining about how  their punk albums like War and Boy were the best. And now many criticize  them for Zooropa and Pop. But without a doubt great musicians these men  are, true musicians experiment, and their ideas flow through time. I  wouldn't be suprised if the next U2 album is ahead a good 4 to 5 years  ahead of its time.
B000002AGN|5.0|This album is an essential for any jazz collection. In my opinion, I think that it stands out as being one of the all time great jazz albums.
0440234743|5.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; is a uniquely written book. John Grisham has decifered the true meaning of life. Rachel Lane is one of the main charachters that Grisham uses to show the theme. She is a Christian  who is  in South America spreading her faith. Meanwhile her ligitiment father has  commited suicide and left Rachel with millions of dollars. Her father's  lawyer hires an ex-lawyer to find her and deliver the good news. A big  suprise hits him, Rachel doesn't have any desire to have the money.  Afterall money isn't everything.
B0000039PW|3.0|This album was a good one &amp; it did Biggie justice- but he could never do it like Tupac.  In my mind- Biggie talks to much about money &amp; women.  But Tupac- he talks about the Thug Life.  Tupac goes someplace deep  in his heart &amp; soul &amp; just shows what a genius he really was. Look  at 2Pacalypse Now, the man wasn't even a man yet- but he delievered an  album about his life- an album about REAL thug life.  It must've been one  exciting &amp; sad life the way he tells it.  Sorry- but Biggie will always  be 2nd to Tupac, Tupac is the greatest rapper of all time- it's a fact.
0440234743|5.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; is a uniquely written book. John Grisham has decifered the true meaning of life. Rachel Lane is one of the main charachters that Grisham uses to show the theme. She is a Christian  who is  in South America spreading her faith. Meanwhile her ligitiment father has  commited suicide and left Rachel with millions of dollars. Her father's  lawyer hires an ex-lawyer to find her and deliver the good news. A big  suprise hits him, Rachel doesn't have any desire to have the money.  Afterall money isn't everything.
B000002U82|5.0|How many times will I have to write a review?  5 stars people.  Do me a favor and write a review with 5 stars.  It don't matter if you've never heard of the album, just join me and put that avg. customer review back to  the ole' 5-star classic level.
0440234743|5.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; is a uniquely written book. John Grisham has decifered the true meaning of life. Rachel Lane is one of the main charachters that Grisham uses to show the theme. She is a Christian  who is  in South America spreading her faith. Meanwhile her ligitiment father has  commited suicide and left Rachel with millions of dollars. Her father's  lawyer hires an ex-lawyer to find her and deliver the good news. A big  suprise hits him, Rachel doesn't have any desire to have the money.  Afterall money isn't everything.
B000002U82|5.0|.....just makin' sure, you know......
B000002JSJ|4.0|When Robert Plant and his family sustained serious injuries in a car accident on the Greek island of Rhoads in August 1975, the future of Led Zeppelin was immediately thrown into question.  To further complicate  matters, the band was spending a year of non-residency outside of Britain  due to said countrys tax laws.  Unable to tour, and unable to live with  their families, the band decided to record a new album,  &quot;Presence&quot;. Recorded and mixed in just 18 days in Munich, West  Germany, the results are striking and easily Led Zeppelins most personal  album.<br />The epic &quot;Achilles' Last Stand&quot; catches Zeppelin at  their most powerful and desperate as Jimmy Page builds track upon track of  harmonized guitars while the rest of the band thunder maniacally behind him  and Plant.  It is certainly a task to follow this piece, and sure enough,  the other songs don't quite measure up to &quot;Achilles'&quot;.  The rest  of the album is mid-tempo guitar rock inspired by Plants frame of mind  post-accident.  &quot;For Your Life&quot; is depressing song about drug  abuse which contains another fine Page solo.  &quot;Royal Orleans&quot; is  a short, compact funk-rock piece which supposedly cronicles John Paul  Jones' misadventures with a drag queen in New Orleans 2 years previous.   &quot;Nobodys Fault But Mine&quot; is a pounding blues-rock song with the  Jones-John Bonham rhythm section caught in fine form, making the stop-start  riffs sound easy.  Pages lead is again worth mentioning.  &quot;Candy Store  Rock&quot; is a throw-away old-time Elvis-esque rock-and-roll piece which  finds Page doing his best Jimmy Burton/Scotty Moore impersonation.   &quot;Hots On For Nowhere&quot; is one of Zeppelins minor league  masterpieces which has a swagger and a hacked off Robert Plant taking shots  at his friends.  Pages solo again is excellent, with plenty of Strat abuse  as he pounds his whammy bar.  &quot;Tea For One&quot;, which closes the  album, is often comparedto &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot;.  It is  a slow minor blues which has yet another classic Page solo and a desponant  Plant lamenting his seperation from his wife and  family.<br />&quot;Presence&quot; is arguably Jimmy Pages best work as a  guitarist.  The quality of his rhythm and lead work easily surpasses his  work on the rest of the Zeppelin canon.  &quot;Achilles' Last Stand&quot;  alone is worth the price of the album, but the remaining six tracks also  have plenty to offer.  It is a personal album which may not immediately hit  you hard, but over time will become a favorite.
B00003XB8K|5.0|this cd is one of the most compelling cd's in the market today. i found it disturbing at first that not all the songs were united. HOWEVER after listening to the cd constantly for over a month i found it in a way  representing todays society. it raised a question or two 1. where is there  union in humanity today 2. why must there be a unity to things 3. if the  universe expands randomly in perfect unity why must the music?<br />ok that  now said i still believe that this is a newer better more powerful enigma.  never has any musoc , besides older enigma, ever made me stop and think so  much during a single listening. If you cannot see past the illusions how  will you ever know the truth? listen you will know what i mean. trust me  and dont take my word for it FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF!<br />KUTO'S to you Mr.  Cretu you not only improved on a masterpiece you made one yourself
B00000JCOV|5.0|Ok only one word can describe the band str8 outta Des Moines Iowa and that would be GREAT! People alwayz say &quot;if you were stranded on a desert island and could only have one thing wut would it be&quot; well hell i say  this cd. It has to be the heaviest and badest piece of music to ever come  out. GET THIS CD. DON&quot;T THINK TWICE.. I DID AND NOW I REGRET THAT IT  TOOK ME SO LONG TO GET IT.. NOW I HAVE 3 Copies of the cd.. GET IT  NOOWWWW!
B000007ODM|5.0|I want to be a mail with only era.Because they're doing interesting music and  like them a lot.If they're wrte anything to my mail adress 'm glad
6305426651|5.0|I have never in my life experienced a movie so full of raw power. With both laughter and tears Benigni pulls us through life in Italy and the Nazi camps as society crumbles around him and his family.
B000002UCE|5.0|If there was one Beatle's solo album to buy, this is it. It easily ranks with anything that the Beatles ever recorded and has not one weak song on it. Whereas Plastic Ono Band is a wrenching personal statement that just  also happens to have great songs on it, Imagine is a record that will  appeal to a larger majority of the record buying public because of it's  outstanding production and it's less challanging subject matter. Imagine  has also aged remarkably well since it's release in 1971. Everthing on this  album works well and it covers a lot of styles from straight on rock and  roll with Gimme Some Truth and How Do You Sleep, to Blues with It's So Hard  and I don't Want to be a Soldier. The ballads are also very convincing as  well with Jealous Guy and Oh My Love. But the song Imagine  is a  masterpiece and one of popular music's greatest achievements.<br />Note:George  Harrison who plays guitar on five of this album's ten tracks is outstanding  everywhere he plays.
B000002P86|5.0|B.B. King got to be the King of the Blues for a good reason.  He is a phenomenal blues guitarist and a great vocalist to boot.  Then you add an incredible presence and charisma and you get the man who is called King.   No slight is intended toward Freddie King or Albert King but B.B. is the  true king of the blues.  This album is filled with great tracks.  Paying  the Cost to Be the Boss (featuring the Rolling Stones) is one of the  highlights for me.  I also like the duet of The Thrill is Gone with Tracy  Chapman.  Bonnie Raitt who also did a fantastic duet with John Lee Hooker  in the late 80s shines on Baby I Love You.  I could go on forever about  what B.B. King means to me but it would take too long.  Just do yourself a  favor and buy this CD.  This is a great celebration of a true American  icon.
B000002UC5|4.0|This was Paul McCartney's first album after the Beatles broke up in 1970. Thirty years after it's release, it has aged well and it is probably two good songs from being a classic. Maybe I'm Amazed is a true classic rock  and roll song and easily ranks with anything that the Beatles ever  recorded. But also Every Night, That Would Be Something and Junk are also  classics as well. When purchasing this album there are a few things to keep  in mind. Of the albums 13 songs, five are instrumentals and although  Singalong Junk and Momma Miss America(both of which were featured on the  Jerry Meguire soundtrack) work well, the rest are not very interesting.  Also, McCartney plays all the instruments on the recording which is  impressive but limiting when trying to put together songs with extended  jamming but no vocals. <br />When comparing McCartney to George Harrison's  first record after the Beatles breakup All things Must Pass, it does fall  short. McCartney also is not as good as John Lennon's first solo album  Plastic Ono Band. But that should not be such an important critism because  both of those records are two of rock and roll's finest recordings ever.  McCartney is still a very good album and well worth the purchase.
6305470464|5.0|I didn't have high expectations in seeing this movie (I saw it because I'm an X-Files fan), but I was blown away. This film is powerful, uplifting, and funny. All of the performances are wonderful. Scully, I mean Gillian  Anderson, is great in her first starring movie role and Jolie is incredible  as usual. The writing is the highlight of the movie, very witty and subtle,  seemless. I love the banter between Connery and Rowlands and everything out  of Joan's mouth, especially her &quot;dancing about architecture&quot;  speech. The ending is unexpected, very uplifting. It's wonderful how a  story that involves so much impending doom can manage to be so hopeful.  Wonderful.
B000008GEF|4.0|Living in the Material World is the third album in a row that George Harrison released after the breakup of the Beatles that was very successful. All Things Must Pass (1970) was number one on the album charts  for two months. The Concert For the Bangla Desh (1971) won the Grammy for  album of the year. Living In the Material World followed suit by hitting  number one when it was released in May of 1973. This album is currently out  of print in the United States and that is a pity, because for the Exception  of All Things Must Pass and Cloud Nine, this is the best George Harrison  record to buy. This is also the last album that Harrison really seems to go  all out on until Cloud Nine which didn't come out until 14 years after this  one did. The songwriting on Living In the Material World is mostly good  with only a couple of throwaway tracks. Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On  Earth) was the single the album's hit single and was number one for four  weeks when it was released in 1973. But some other songs also deserve  special mention. The song Living in the Material World is one of the very  best that Harrison has written. The song also has a very good sitar section  that fans of the Beatle days will enjoy. Sue Me, Sue You Blues is a bluesy  acoustic rocker that finds Harrison in fine vocal and guitar form.<br />   There have been many that have said that this record is too preachy in  regards to Harrison's religious beliefs. There is something to this critism  to be sure but Living in the Material world is not a first listen record.  Living in the Material World is a record that grows on the listener after  many listens. Living in the Material World is also at times a very dark and  very personal record for those who are fans of the Beatles music only.  There problably hasn't been a more personal statement released by any of  the Beatles since their breakup for the exception of John Lennon's Plastic  Ono Band. Whatever it's flaws, Living In the Material World remainsa  rewarding listen more than 25 years after it was first released.<br /> Note:  this album needs remastered in the worst way because it sounds flat on CD.  It might have gotten five stars by this reviewer if someone  cared enough  about Mr. Harrison's music to remaster as well as reissue it in the United  States.
B000003N7K|5.0|This is definitely one of the great recordings during John Coltrane's all to brief career.  Johnny Hartman is the perfect soloist to compliment Coltrane's fine saxaphone.  Mellow and understated, yet the emotional depth  is there for all who listens to enjoy.  I don't know of any other singer  except maybe Nat King Cole who could further compliment Coltrane's music  vision.  From &quot;They Say It's Wonderful&quot; (my personal favorite on  this CD) to &quot;Autumn Serenade&quot;, each and every song compliments  each other and is a classic as well.  This is a MUST have for any Coltrane  and Jazz enthusiast.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
0786915749|3.0|This book, indeed the series, was linked to a series of tournament-quality Role Playing modules published by TSR, and is thus a direct spawn of TSR's extraordinary role playing game.  Dungeons and Dragons started as a game  that allowed players to enter an &quot;adventure novel&quot; world, roughly  outlined by a Dungeon Master, and act out their own adventure story a la  Conan the Barbarian, Bilbo Baggins, Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser, John Carter  from Mars, etc.  In Dragonlance series, the circle is closed, with a game  adventure translated into a fantasy adventure novel.  Weis and Hickman do a  creditable job of capturing the essence of the RPG's fundamental premise: a  diverse, multi-racial group of adventurers pursue a common goal.  In this  case they also pursue victory within the context of a Continent-wide war  built along the same general guidelines as Tolkein's War of the Ring.   <br />Strengths: The action sequences, and the comic relief provided by Flint,  Tas, and the gully Dwarfs.  The fact that some characters die.   Characterization of Tanis and Raistlin, and to a lesser extent, Caramon.   Weaknesses:  A logic defying use of steel as a unit of currenty.  The  reason gold/silver/copper were media of exchange in pre-banknote days was  that they, particularly gold, do not breakdown and corrode with the speed  of other metals, and they lend themselves to being made into beautiful  jewelry more easily, being soft metals.  Plot development a bit simple,  however limitations are imposed by the genre.  You must accept the D &amp;  D worldview of magic, demihumans, and other monsters without a lot of  explanation.<br />A good adventure, and certainly a big hit with D &amp; D  players.
6305718954|5.0|This movie has such a good plot to it, it also has the best photography I have ever seen.  Patricia Arquette is at her very best. This is a little like the exorcist but it is better.  The scenes in this movie are  unbelievable.  I dont want to give away this movie but trust me it is worth  seeing. It is all kind of things all mixed up in to one great movie.  SEE  IT!
B000000HRP|5.0|After listening to this record in high school, I was left in no doubt that Phil Collins was the 2nd most ferocious drummer on the planet (after his idol Billy Cobham), Percy Jones the greatest bass player and John Goodsall,  the most ragingly fast guitarist who ever smoked wood. The maximum, vintage  impresario, elastic cerebelum Goodsall performance is right here on  &quot;Born Ugly.&quot; The musicianship is extremely high and the band  concept at that time was highly original.  They do not sound or play like  any other band, period. Predictably, as with most great groups, they were  able to consistently maintain that high a level on only 3 records (this,  &quot;Morrocan Roll,&quot; and &quot;Livestock&quot;) with occasinal  returns to top form such as the unbelievable track &quot;Deadly  Nightshade&quot; on &quot;Masques.&quot; On this record, more so than on  the others, Phil's drums are right in front of the mix and LOUD, making for  a very flashy display everytime he whirls himself around the set.
B000001BZT|4.0|AS A DJ, EVEN IN ROCK AND ROLL CLUBS OR ANYWHERE ELSE I PLAY, IT NEVER FAILS, I ALWAYS GET ALOT OF REQUESTS FOR COOPERHEAD ROAD. IT IS A CLASSIC SONG AND THE REST OF THE CD ISN'T BAD EITHER. IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT, GET IT,  YOUR CROWD WILL LOVE IT!
B000002TQV|5.0|This record defines so much for me, but I'm not the focus here. When I first heard this record in 1995, I was stunned that the band that recorded a so-so  Pablo Honey had followed it up with an excruciatingly beautiful,  heartbreaking album like The Bends. The first single, Fake Plastic Trees  literally reduced me to tears...it still hurts. But not to say that there  is not hope among the angst...some anthemic songs here. Plus you have the  rest of the album- all pushing music forward in terms of songwriting and  technical innovation. Stunning. What much more can I say about this album?  Probably that I would defend this album like it was a small, helpless child  to the death.
0061020710|4.0|it was a very good book, but it was a little confusing. i recomend it to anyone who is in for a good laugh!
0804106304|5.0|In school, my Language Arts Honors class participated in a book group project, where we were divided into groups of 4 to read and discuss a book in 9 meetings.  I was assigned to  Joy Luck, and absolutely loved it.  It  weaves in and out of 4 girls and their mothers, each sharing experiences in  their lives through a breathtaking story format.  The stories will make you  laugh, cry, and will always make you think.  You will definitely find a  character who reminds you of yourself, and enjoy it all the more for that  very reason..ideal for both genders and anyone above age 13, it is a truly  wonderful source for your admiration and love of books.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|What angered me at first was how many people wanted to watch this movie only to stare at Nicole Kidman's naked chest and rear end, or believed that Stanley Kubrick was a &quot;weirdo&quot; or a &quot;freak&quot; for  creating &quot;such a perverted movie.&quot; But what really angered me was  how may people expected &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; to be a pornographic  movie and how many people have dismissed it for it's subtle nature,  &quot;lack of visuals&quot;, and time length.  The thing is, as a real film  viewer, you need to look pass that and really watch the film carefully to  understand the message it tries to give.  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is one  of the most unforgetable movies I have ever seen in the theater and will,  as far as I'm concerned, satisfy most Kubrick fans.  I admit, the  performances by Cruise and Kidman were less than outstanding in this film,  but what really stands out is it's visually stunning moments(the couple's  bedroom, the sex scene by the mirror, the Long Island mansion/sex cult  scene) and the message it brings out about sex, jealousy, and infidelity.   Do not depend on the bad reviews you hear or read about this film.  Watch  the movie, and judge for yourself.  It will be possible that you will not  enjoy this film, but it will leave you with an impression that will stay  with you for days.
B00000255F|5.0|For anybody between 35-40 this should have been what Stairway to Heaven was to those slightly older than us. There is songs on this album that when you hear them you cant help but feel it in your gut and want to just be  part of the song. AMAZING. One of the ultimate albums to have in your  collection
B000001EXR|5.0|Carnival of Souls takes the raw roots era KISS of REVENGE and updates it.  &quot;Hate&quot; is the offspring of &quot;Unholy&quot; and &quot;Spit&quot; off of REVENGE, and &quot;Jungle&quot; is a darker version  of &quot;Who Wants To Be Lonely&quot; from ASYLUM, only with a much better  groove.  In fact, almost every song on COS has a precedent in KISS' back  catalog.  &quot;In My Head&quot; is somewhat reminiscent of &quot;Mr.  Blackwell&quot; from &quot;the ELDER,&quot; and &quot;It Never Goes  Away&quot; is a Black Sabbath style cruncher like &quot;Strange Ways&quot;  from HOTTER THAN HELL.  Other standouts inclue &quot;Master And  Slave,&quot; &quot;Rain,&quot; and the Hendrix inspired &quot;In The  Mirror.&quot;  The theme on COS is experimentation, but experimentation  within the framework of what KISS has done before.  The perfomances of Eric  Singer and Bruce Kulick are excellent as well, particularly the performance  of Eric Singer, who really brings this album to life.  If you are willing  to take a chance on a Darker, and Heavier version of KISS, you will not be  disappointed by CARNIVAL OF SOULS.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|This movie is a must see for anybody who wishes to find love in the future or is in love now. It's about five couples who all have many things in common, but the main one is love, love for their mates. The best couple was  Ryan Phillippe and Angelina Jolie!  Ryan Phillippe, is so cute!   Especially with Blue hair!  This excellent ensemble of actors, really makes  this the excellent movie it is!  It was written so perfectly, the way all  of these couples tie in together is phenomenal!  Everybody should see this  movie.
156895963X|5.0|Don't buy this audio book for your auto, unless you have plenty of gasoline and a lunch. My advice is that you turn off your cell phone and do not attempt to make any appointments or speak to anyone for the next 15  hours. Once you begin to hear this sorryful tale, you will never be the  same. You may never stop driving for 15 hours. This book is a hazard to  your well being and may damage your ability to be a good Irish father. If  you are a little bit Irish, this will turn you sideways. Now, pardon me, I  must have a stout and then go to confession. God bless you, Father.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|&quot;Playing By Heart&quot; was one of the best movies I've seen. The cast was outstanding, there were so many great actors in this film and that's what made me keep watching it, over and over again.  I watched it  about five times, until I had to return it to the store.  It's definetly a  movie I am going to own.  When I find it at the store I'm buying it right  away!  It was written and directed brilliantly.  And the cast made it even  better! Ryan Phillipe and Angelina Jolie were awesome in the movie, along  with everybody else.  No one actor made this film, everybody made it!   Amazing film, definetly a MUST SEE movie!   Everybody should see it.
B000002AGN|5.0|One of the most unique, beautiful albums ever recorded! If I were to make a list of the ten best jazz albums of all time, this would be on it.
6302548195|5.0|If anyone knows where I can get a copy PLEASE HELP!
B00003CWPQ|1.0|You'll love this movie if: 1) The fact that women have sexual fantasies is a huge revelation to you. 2) You think that women swearing are shocking. 3) You are really turned on by imagery of the feudal church.<br />If not, skip  this pretentious attempt at shock art. Kubrick is attempting to upset  sexual mores that were shattered over 30 years ago.  -yawn-
B00000JH09|5.0|These guys are simply amazing.  The lead singer has a weird, yet catchy voice.  You don't get much more grungy than this.  If you want some slamin and rockin music, BUY THIS!
B000002LA2|1.0|Most of this sounds like a Phil collins album but without the energy or the wit.  Collins has put out some interesting material, and some bland material.  This Clapton album is right up there with the worst of Collins.   This was such a disappointment, coming right after &quot;Behind the  Sun&quot; where Clapton had returned to form.  There is nothing wrong with  experimenting with new styles or pop music.  It's just this style is ill  suited for Clapton's talents and most of these songs are just bad pop.   There are alot of significant guest stars on this album, but they really  don't contribute anything.<br />The album does start out with Tearin' Us  Apart, which is an excellent duet with Tina Turner.  But that just makes  this an expensive single.  For the B-side there is It's In the Way That You  Use It, but I always found this song annoying with its bombastic intro and  chorus.
B00003CWPR|5.0|In my previous review, I noted that this DVD features a &quot;pan and scan&quot; version of the film. I have been told that this is incorrect. So that others are not put off by this, please see the comment that I received  below:<br />&quot;The video/DVD release is NOT a pan and scan. In fact, it  shows the whole 1:1.37 35mm negative area, and you end up with more picture  area than the cinema release (which is a 1:1.85 slice from the centre  section of the negative). Kubrick composed for both formats when he shot  the movie, and the DVD/video is not compromised in any way. In a sense you  get &quot;more picture&quot; with the DVD/video than cinema goers!  Basically, Kubrick was careful enough to make sure than both audiences get  an uncompromised version - he composed for 1:1.37 AND 1:1.85.&quot;
B000005DQR|5.0|If ever there was a case for a musical knighthood, I think Josh Davis would be too shy to stand up and receive it. Never mind - just as long as he stays digging in the crates, then cutting, pasting, assembling and  producing music like this then it doesn't matter. Long before he became  involved in the high-profile UNKLE projects, or Quannum, or Handsome Boy  Modeling School, there was &quot;Building Steam With A Grain Of Salt&quot;.  And it was magnificent. Although arguably his best work is on Pre-emptive  Strike (the &quot;What Does Your Soul Look Like&quot; series, in particular  Part 2) this remains a seminal album. At the time it came out it was  genuinely new music - even now the jazz, soul, funk and beats blend sounds  incredibly modern. Music flows in Davis's veins - to make something  listenable, let alone wonderful, out of the disparate sources he uses is a  mark of genius.
B00003CXAQ|3.0|Fun movie for the not so serious... But the movie is teaching a lot of Asian Indians a new (non-existant) version of their own history. Feels like an India from another planet. Chilled monkey brains and live snakes!  Where  did they get that piece of history from?
B000005DQR|5.0|If ever there was a case for a musical knighthood, I think Josh Davis would be too shy to stand up and receive it. Never mind - just as long as he stays digging in the crates, then cutting, pasting, assembling and  producing music like this then it doesn't matter. Long before he became  involved in the high-profile UNKLE projects, or Quannum, or Handsome Boy  Modeling School, there was &quot;Building Steam With A Grain Of Salt&quot;.  And it was magnificent. Although arguably his best work is on Pre-emptive  Strike (the &quot;What Does Your Soul Look Like&quot; series, in particular  Part 2) this remains a seminal album. At the time it came out it was  genuinely new music - even now the jazz, soul, funk and beats blend sounds  incredibly modern. Music flows in Davis's veins - to make something  listenable, let alone wonderful, out of the disparate sources he uses is a  mark of genius.
B000022TSY|5.0|'Easy Rider' is a film which encaptures the 60s brilliantly. It is a film about people and about achieving the ultimate goal complete satisfaction and freedom- which as we find out during our journey with Hopper and Fonda  cannot be achieved. The film is a journey across America where the viewer  learns about people from all different walks of life through the eye's of  the main character. The film is shot magnificently and makes the world seem  unreal at times. Which paradoxically makes them feel they are experiencing  something more real than they could ever have imagined. Watch this film it  is brilliant!
B000002VTE|4.0|A lesson for Damon Albarn - next time you think that a gospel choir would be a good thing to accompany you, listen to this record. Then maybe &quot;Tender Part 2&quot; will be half as good as Jason Pierce's epic  songs. While the tendency to fall back on free-form jazz exercises in lieu  of any better ideas gets repetitive, fortunately there are more than enough  innovative touches to carry the album over its 70+ minutes. In &quot;Broken  Heart&quot;, Pierce has created a track so beautiful even his singing can't  ruin it. Music to take drugs to make music to take drugs to, &quot;Ladies  And Gentlemen...&quot; (not to be confused with George Michael's  similarly-titled album) has everything - euphoria, heart-break, violence  and passion.
B00000JPH5|3.0|This movie has an exceptional plot and memorable characters, but it seems some stuff was added for no real reason.  For example, there is some minor cursing (hell &amp; damn).   In one scene, Sarah meets Hoggle while he is  urinating in a stream.  Scenes such as these keep the movie from becoming a  classic, which is a real shame because the movie overall is great and these  scenes were not needed.
B00000BKI4|4.0|The American Dream - battered, bruised and more than a little threadbare, but still living on in Jonathan Donahue's mind. An almost tangible sense of melancholy and optimism imbues tracks like &quot;Holes&quot; and  &quot;Goddess On A Hiway&quot;, while &quot;Endlessly&quot; segues  seamlessly into the chorus of &quot;Silent Night&quot;. Rarely do  musicianship and vision meet so well, and the results are frequently  beautiful. In the words of the man himself, &quot;it almost makes me laugh,  and always makes me cry.&quot;
0618001905|5.0|The ten million dead (more than the dead from WWI), the one billion extracted in ivory, rubber, and mining, the &quot;private&quot; possession of the Congo being sold to Belgium by its own King, the burning of the  State archives ordered by Leopold, the sealing of remaining archives until  the 1980s, the piles of severed right hands, the utterly dispicable and  cowardly brutality of men like Stanley. And today, the Royal Museum of  Central Africa in Brussels, having a world class collection of Africana but  not one mention of these things, the diplomats in Belgium who know not  their own history, the killing of Lumumba, the bankrupting of the country  by Mobutu until riots in 1993. There is an unbroken chain from Leopold to  the present day of greed, lying, and brutality. We in the  &quot;civilized&quot; West know so little of the darkness of our own  hearts. Thank you Adam Hochschild for this documented and carefully written  story.
0790740443|4.0|The fact is people don't understad what this movie is about. Arguments that talk about this movie lacking the storyline are ludicrous. It has a very simple straigh forward story wich was never ment to carry the main  weight of the film. Nor were the special effects they just add to the  environment. <br />Seven Samurai - one of the best old classics had an even  simpler story wich can be summed up in 3 words, although to say that that  movie is bad would be quite ignorant to the meaning of it.  Same with  Soldier. Story is not its main point, its the CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT -  something that 90% of american movies lack. I loved this film, watching a  normal boy growing up in an unnatural environment where nothing but fear  and discipline is respected becoming a man with those values then having to  face his emotional side wich he doesn't even know exists was very  interesting. If you can't value those type of movies, than stick to story  driven action - Dark City, Fith Element etc wich are also good films.<br />I  give this movie a 4 because of somewhat short and cut off begining. But it  gets better and better after about 15 minutes into it.<br />If you liked Mad  Max, Judge Dredd, Blade, chances are you will like this one as well. Its  definetly worth to rent if not to own.
052594527X|4.0|The author met her goal for me by creating a good story in an era foreign to us all. I thought the way of life then was expressed quite well and a touch of the differences between protestant and catholic was well done,  though minor in the story. <br />When a crisis in her life happened you surely  wondered which which one she would take, though it was not difficult to  determine beforehand.<br />This was superior to  &quot;Hyacinth In Blue,&quot;  another book about Vermeer that didn't do it for me.
6304145225|5.0|There is a new era of classic films.  These films bring out words that enter your vocabulary (ballistic, crash &amp; burn) and bring out feelings with classic characters.  Here is one of the new clssics of the '80s!  Absolutely must-see!
B00001QGPR|3.0|Although I've liked David Bowie for a long time - Ziggy Stardust and Hunky Dory are classics, Young Americans is underated, and Earthling was pretty damn good for this late in his career - I've always felt he was somewhat of  a &quot;shallow&quot; artist compared to others from his generation;  Lennon, Dylan, Van Morrison, Neil Young. So I have a hard time with all the  talk of this being such a 'deep/soul searching' album. I don't really hear  it, I just hear Bowie. But, he does sound really good. <br />&quot;Thursday's  Child&quot; and &quot;Seven&quot; are some of the best songs he's done in a  long time. The only problem is the album really drops off in quality after  track 7 &quot;The Pretty Things Are Going To Hell&quot; - after that the  album kind of goes to hell. Oh well, 7 out of 10 ain't too bad. There  should be half-stars so I could make it 3 1/2.
B0000009RX|5.0|mixed with pot, this album will rip your hemespheres apart. The tunes are truly cool, while a chorus of ewok-like voices taunt you with flower powerslogans and absurdities.  Feminism, sex, drugs, hippies, and music are  all undressed. This album was ten years ahead of it's time,  ridiculing the  psychadelic era in 1967! Nostalgia for the 60's isn't complete without  Zappa's muck raking.
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menice is a wonderful movie.  Some people didn't like it because there wasn't at much action or space battles.  However, it was meant to develop characters and introduce us to the world that we were  thrown into in Star Wars.  The story (in the original Star Wars) was  wonderful but we never knew where the characters came from or why they were  in the positions they were in.  This is where Phantom Menace comes  in.<br />The Phantom Menace starts at the beginning and shows the characters  that started the whole thing.  In addition it answered some questions that  Star Wars fans had for a long time, as well as created new questions that  will be answered in the next two movies.<br />When you take the movie for what  it is, the beginning of a long story, it is FANTASTIC!   I just wich it  was available on DVD!
B00003W8NM|5.0|One of the best studio movies I've seen in a long time. The people and critics who complain that the ending doesn't make sense are being grossly arrogant. Read the book, and you'll understand the ending of the movie,  even though the two endings seem to be superficially different.<br />One  should be careful to not take everything at face value in regards to the  themes of the book, because I don't think they are entirely accurate. But  that's my personal opinion. What makes this story great though is that it  makes you think; and after reading the novel, I understood what Palahniuk  was trying to say better. The book to movie translation has to be one the  best translations ever done. See it, read it, and do it all over again.
0792838912|5.0|I keep seeing reviews; &quot;a high budget porno&quot; or &quot;a dull, boring story with sadistic sex scenes&quot;. This movie is so different from these decriptions, it makes me wonder if these people talked, read or  played chess through out the entire movie only glancing up occasionally.  Mickey Rouke is so subtle with his expressions and dialogue that he creates  that mystique that portrays John. Mixed with good looks, a high calibre job  (Wall St. Money Market Dealer) &amp; the most amazing apartments money can  buy, Kim Basinger (Elizabeth) could not help but be curious. Kim Basingers  use of nervous twitches and shy looks makes this her best performance by  far. 2 great performances and the best use of a camera, I have seen, makes  this 80's style New York flick a stylish, never to forget experience. The  scenes in the equestian shop, Farnswoth house, the bed shop, the clock  tower are just so well done. Every time you see this movie, it becomes more  classy as images of New York's inner city life are portrayed beautifully.  Forget the sex scenes, (yeah, they are neccessary) this movie really moves  you &amp; keeps images cemented in your mind for a long time.  &quot;Elizabeth, please come back before I count to 50...1, 2, 3..&quot;
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple's musical style has vastly improved since her last album. 'When the Pawn' is more slickly produced, more inventive and more accesible than her debut album 'Tidal'. What I like about her new album is the way in  which she the lyrics with greater confidence and control. This is evident  in songs such as 'Limp' and the achingly beautiful 'I Know'. Fiona Apple  has found her OWN sense of style, and shouldn't be categorised as being in  the same mould as Alanis and co. The track that really signifies that Fiona  has progressed, is 'Fast as you can'. This song really unleashes Fiona's  ability to be more creative, and signals her status as one of the most  original and promising female singers around today. You won't be  disappointed.
6304005490|5.0|Out of the Three films Doris,Rock,and Tony made together,this is my favorite. I love all three movies,but this one's the best. The ending has got to be the funniest finals of any movie ever made.&quot;That's what I  call cutting it close.&quot; I don't know how they got away with this in  1961. Doris Day has always been my favorite movie star,and I wrote to her  when I was a kid,and she sent me a beutifull letter back,signed in Ink. I  can still here my grandmother laugh when Doris left Rock  at the beach   with no clothes on. I also love Tony Randall's performace. He really makes  the movie that much special. Donna Douglas  has a small part in the  movie,along with Edie Adams. Do you beleive that Doris was suppose to do  The Graduate,playing Mrs Robinson?What a great change this would have been  for the actress. At least we have all of her fantastic musicals and  comedies to look at forever.There will never be another Doris Day.
B000001GRE|4.0|Esta demostrado que el Sr. Boulez es uno de los m&aacute;s grandes interpretes de Mahler, hoy en d&iacute;a (sobre todo por su COLOSAL sexta), en &eacute;sta s&eacute;ptima con la Cleveland Orchestra, nos da una interpretaci&oacute;n de extraordinario nivel.  Mi observaci&oacute;n para no darle las 5 estrellas, es concretamente la  concepci&oacute;n y el tempo en el Rond&oacute;, para m&iacute; este movimiento debe sonar  INCANDESCENTE, y en Boulez no tenemos eso.
6305165912|5.0|This is a fantastic movie, what else can I say. The Coen brothers are amazing film makers, and it really shows in The Big Lebowski. Jeff Bridges is great as the laid-back Dude, and John Goodman shines as his Vietnam  War-obsessed friend. I kind of wish Steve Buscemi had been used more, since  he's the most awesome man alive, but after watching the movie multiple  times I've really come to appreciate the character of Donny. Throw in Sam  Neil of western movie fame and even Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers (in  a rather bizarre role), and you cannot miss with this film. There are so  many wonderful and just plain odd, seemingly random things that make this  movie great. Perhaps TBL is not completely coherent, but the musical number  and the dream sequences by themselves make this movie incredible. There are  so many things about this movie that are great, I'll just say that this  movie is a necessary item for any collection.
B00003OSSL|1.0|I was not expecting much when i went to see this movie but it turned out to be so dull and lifeless I found my self wanting to walk out of the theater. The characters are a bore and the plot drags on slowly throughout  the entire film. Ford and the main actress exhibit the same colorless  expresions and acting throughout.
B00000ICET|5.0|A lot of people i know who are not aware that this film was originally released in 1975 fault it for being derivative, when, actually, if anything, the shoe is on the other foot.<br />Dan O'Bannon's special effects  sequences are incredible, especially since the entire budget for the whole  film wouldn't buy coffee for an effects house working on teevee commercials  today; i am especially taken with the utterly convincing planet-buster  bombs made from an HO-scale piggyback trailer turned upside down with  engine parts from a 1/25th scale model car attached (if you look closely on  a good copy you can still read the logo of the car manufacturer on the  valve cover used as part of the bomb's drive mechanism).<br />So many great  lines and sequences in this film -- Pinback and the beachball and the  elevator may exceed the Maximum Allowable Funny Quotient for a minor film,  and Doolittle's conversation with the bomb (capable of destroying an entire  planet) that plans to detonate right alongside the ship, as he leads it  into beginning philosophy and convinces it that maybe it *didn't* really  hear the &quot;go&quot; code...<br />The theme song, &quot;Benson  Arizona&quot;, one of the more warped contry songs one will ever hear, is a  hoot; the original is by Carpenter and a lyricist whose name i have lost,  and SF fans have been adding verses to it for years.<br />Watch for the  &quot;THX-1138&quot; gag -- for many years (if not still) the only time the  *whole* title has been used in a film reference.<br />O'Bannon worked on  special effects on the first &quot;Star Wars&quot; film, and basically  borrowed his own &quot;computer search of the blueprints&quot; sequence  from &quot;Dark Star&quot; for that film.<br />The basic design of the  &quot;Dark Star&quot; itself is by Ron Cobb, background astronomical  paintings by Jim Danforth, and the design of the crew's spacesuits is  determined by the fact that they used a commercially-available toy spaceman  for effects shots.<br />As an example of the sort of audience this film  appeals to -- it was briefly released theatrrically in the latter  Seventies; a frind here in Atlanta went to see a matinee, and realised that  the only other people in the dark with him were Joey Ramone and his  girlfriend.hots.<br />As an example of the sort of audience this film  appeals to -- it was briefly released theatrrically in the latter  Seventies; a frind here in Atlanta went to see a matinee, and realised that  the only other people in the dark with him were Joey Ramone and his  girlfriend.
0140186409|3.0|i don't know, am I missing something?  GRAPES of wrath?  I am an avid wine-drinker and I figured it would have some vineyards in it or something grape-related.  Nobody drinks wine or eats grapes because there is no  grapes to eat.  Not even raisins.  Just dust.  and when they move to  california - only THE GRAPE CAPITAL OF THE WORLD (! ), they don't go to  any vineyards.  They just sit around with a bunch of other people looking  for jobs.  So I don't understand the grape symbolism.  And some friends of  mine from high school kept talking about a turtle.  Whatever.  Yeah a  turtle shows up for about a page or two - big deal!  Why didn't he call it  Turtle of Wrath!  Back to comic books for me!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Many of these reviews are very in depth in their analysis and critique but I will be very brief and blunt.  This movie was terrible, it did sound intriguing in the theatrical trailer because they didn't tell you much of  the plot, which was only partially promising.  The film dragged on for so  long in some parts that you wondered if you'd missed something very  important.  I don't even think that shortening the running time would have  made it easier to digest.  It's sad to see that this was the end of an  engaging and succesful career (Kubrick's) and definitely not Cruise's or  Kidman's best work together or separately.  Do not waste your money in any  way on this movie (I'm still upset that I spent 8 bucks on it in the  theaters)!
B00004R960|4.0|I'm a huge Oasis fan.  Let's get that out of the way.  Their new album, STANDING ON THE SHOULDER OF GIANTS, was a bit of a tough listen the first go-around.  It's quite different than the rock-out Oasis I'm used to.  This  is a more grown-up sound, with fewer headbangers (the only song reminiscent  of their previous albums is track number 9, &quot;I Can See A Liar&quot;)  than before.  Instead, this album is more reflexive than the previous ones,  concentrating more on simple balladry, such as &quot;Sunday Morning  Call.&quot;  Nevertheless, it's still a good listen, if you can accept the  fact that bands do change (hey, the Beatles did ... why can Noel and  Liam?).
B00003XACV|5.0|I originally purchased the &quot;American Beauty&quot; soundtrack, which is a fine collection of songs ranging from Bobby Darin to Bill Withers. But it doesn't completely capture the heart of the movie like the score does.  Thomas Newman's masterpiece scores, &quot;Dead Already&quot; and  &quot;Still Dead&quot; are here, providing excellent bookends to a fabulous  CD.  My favorite selection is &quot;Root Beer,&quot; which is the song that  played when Kevin Spacey's Lester Burnham first set eyes on Mena Suvari's  character while she was cheerleading in the gym. It alone makes this CD a  must-have.
0141301155|5.0|Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great book. It deals with Charlie  Bucket, a poor boy who... you get the story. It was named number 1  children's book by The Times, so check it out! I don't want to spoil the  plot, either, because IT CAN'T BE! IT'S TOO GOOD!
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game takes place in a time after the world has been attacked by buggers (aliens) two times.  As a result, the governments of the world stop fighting amongst each other and join together in the name of mankind.  The  governments of the world begin a search for the brilliant military leader  that mankind needs.  Several training schools are set up and the world  leaders begin putting kids through the vigorous training. The government,  after many years of searching, thinks that they have finally found the boy  they need.  This boy, named Ender, goes through the training necessary to  become the leader mankind needs him to be.  Card follows Ender through his  physical and spiritual growth as the government tries to transform him into  a military genius.  This book is one of the few I have read and thoroughly  enjoyed.  The plot was magnificent and put together incredibly well.  As I  read this book, I felt like I was growing with Ender.  I even had a good  understanding of the other characters.  Aside from the great plot and  characters, I also learned the lessons that Card managed to teach through  the book's themes.  I learned that no matter what, you are never in  complete control of your life.  I also learned that peace is possible  without war.  I highly recommend this book, and I think that regular  readers and non-readers alike can not only enjoy this book, but learn  something from it.  I give it five stars.
6300182770|4.0|Videodrome is a Stunning, shocking, strange journey into ... Well im not quite sure, but believe me that it's a wild ride. The film is full of images and visuals that will either have you stareing in awe, or have you  fleeing in disbelief (or disgust). If you allow yourself to be taken in by  the bizzare plot, you will enjoy yourself much more. (P.S. As in eXistenZ,  the ending will provoke varied reaction, and much discussion)
0783110871|1.0|Turbulence is plagiarism at its best. Think Airport, et al. The loose cannon, Ray something (i can't even bother to recall his name) goes around killing all the passengers and the cabin crew in the 747, except blonde  Lauren Holly, who throws in a rather convincing act as an unconvincing  character who gullibly falls for the former's schemes to lure her out of  the cockpit from time to time. <br />Meanwhile, the pyscho, with nothing to do  on his hands. goes around thrashing things around if nothing strangulating  some other victim. The plot is silly, the cast are a either bunch of  maggot-sized brainees (case example: a. policemen who takes aim at Ray and  doesn't fire, just to be shot down the next nanosecond) or they throw in an  OTT performance (that Ray moron, without a doubt), and the movie is a waste  of time. Of course, needless to say, Turbulence would be a surewin hands  down at the Raspberry Awards -- a ceremony held for the worst movies of the  year.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Sad. Very Sad. Its not that this is the worst album ever made, but that there are so many people buying this album. 7.4 million coPIES!  I have lost all faith in the buying public. Maybe 2 mil, but not 7 mil. Please. If  you want quality, yet emotional and genious music, then I highly recommend  the new Smashing Pumpkins album, Machina the Machines of God. EVery song on  this album is much MUCH better than Smooth or Maria,Maria. Just trust me on  this one, you WONT be dissapointed.  Thanks.
0385474547|5.0|wow this book was awssome.  I mean can there be anymore stars. Come on i know you all putmore. give it a couple more stars. All the action scenes and blood and drama. there is no other book that comes close.  you all it  is awesomw so buy it.  I'LL MAKE IT  SHORT AND SWEET_______ BUY THE  BOOK!
6301697707|3.0|This movie was kinda empty. It was about killer worms that live undergorund terrorizing a small town in no mans land. Not exactly a horror flick but worth adding to the collection.l
0451160916|5.0|This was a well written suspense thriller from start to finish. Even though I liked the movie, I must say that it doesn't even come close to being as scary or as vivid as the book. Stephen King captures the essence  of insanity and suspense perfectly with his detailed style of writing. I  definately recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a book with a  good scare.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|Yes, I am going to bite my tongue on this one and give it thebest rating, no questions asked. This is what every band should do,put the very best for all to hear on one CD.<br />It's a NATURAL THING to do, DOCTOR DOCTOR, THIS KID loves listening to UFO. MOTHER MARY may disagree, but I&quot;M NO LOSER.<br />Other great songs include TOO HOT TO HANDLE [I wonder what that is? ], LOVE TO LOVE, and LIGHTS OUT.<br />SHOOT SHOOT caps it off for good reason as well [you can probably figure out why], but ROCK BOTTOM isn't really the bottom, and is instead the best resequence ever created on a musical track.<br />While ONLY YOU CAN ROCK ME doesn't last long enough.<br />This one is a winner, 10 stars!   END
0440224764|4.0|A criminal on the run has stolen ninety million dollars...and has been caught. Patrick Lanigan, who was also known as Danilo after he changed his name, faked his death and ran away to Brazil in hopes of starting a new  life. He was tried for theft and murder, for the body he used when he faked  his demise in a horrible car explosion. We find out later that he had only  used the carcass of his dead best friend as the person in the car. His  Partner, after he had been found innocent for the murder, ran away from him  with most of the stolen money and this is how it ends. I thought it was  another great book by John Grisham and I certainly would read another one  of his.
B000025APX|5.0|This is one of the best cd's on the planet.  Although their views on certain things aren't quite on par with mine (I'm catholic and they kinda hate my religion) I still have to respect their deep passion for their  music that they are playing and you can tell by listening to this awesome  masterpiece!
630508999X|5.0|Scream 2 is very energic and cool horror movie. It's scary in some parts and it has got something in it. I like the Movie Theatre -episode most, when to young students gets killed.<br />In Finland there was so much talking  about this movie. They said that this is very raw and bloody film. What  the...? That's a lie! This isn't raw or bloody! <br />This is better than  first &quot;Scream&quot; because it wasn't scary at all, this is in some  parts. But I've seen better Horror movies than this. Watch &quot;Halloween  H20&quot; or &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;. <br />I'll rate this  still with 5 stars.
6305013578|1.0|This movie is an absolute sci-fi classic.  The dvd version is an eternal flop!  The lighting sometimes dims, making the characters look dark and blend into the background.  There is no lobby poster that comes with it!  There's a picture of the lobby poster on the dvd details.  That is  ridiculous.  The trivia has eight questions that my wife could answer!  There is absolutely nothing good about this except that i could swear that  there's a couple of extra small scenes.  However, they completely cut out  the part where the worker dies for the mediator.  Where's the justice?  If  you're a true fan and have a couple of version, maybe it's worth it for the  collection..but I'd hate for them to collect another cent for this  abonomation of this absolutely timeless classic.  Where's the justice?
B00002MZ4W|5.0|When The Pawn... finds Fiona Apple making major strides as both musician and lyricist.  She has crafted a unique sound that blends elements of rock, jazz, electronica and pop.  A couple of tracks, with a little remixing,  could even get play on the dance floor.  It's a much more dynamic record  than the stark singer/songwriter approach she took on her first CD, Tidal.   And in spite of the 90-word album title, Apple's songwriting has improved  -- she is more succinct and her words flow more naturally as sung lyrics.   When The Pawn... is a promising effort from a young, developing artist, I  would recommend it to listeners whose tastes lean slightly off the radio  dial.
0812589041|5.0|When I saw the Amazon.com top 100 books of the twentieth century list &quot;Ender's Game&quot; was near the top.  I read the synopsis and decided it sounded interesting.  I looked for it online but it was out of print.  I looked in used book stores but it is so popular a title that they sell out  fast.  Finally, a few weeks ago I found the book on Amazon.  When I started  to read it I was immediately shocked at how accurately the author was able  to tap into the lives and fears of little children, at least of what we  adults can remember of our own childhoods.  Within the first few pages  anyone who was ever been picked on as a kid will form an instant bond with  Ender.  Ender's story is told in a straightforward manner, and with the  tenderness of an adult looking at a child they care about deeply.  The  result is that it gives the reader an emotional attachment that doesn't get  weaker as the story goes on, but rather seems to intensify it.   From the  very beginning our hearts are with Ender, and Ender's heart is with his  sister, who he isn't allowed to see.  In a very real sense this book is a  love story about siblings, friends, and teachers and students.  The book's  &quot;Sci-Fi&quot; aspect provides only a setting for the story and should  in no way influence you one way or another.  This book is about real human  emotions, and about reflecting on who we are as indivuduals and as a  society.  It's full of compelling moral dillemas, bitter rivalries, and  surprisingly exciting action.  The one warning I will give a potential  reader is; it is emotionally powerful.  It will break your heart at times  and lift your spirits at others. Some readers will be offended by the  brutality of some of the characters in this novel.  I've read other reviews  comparing Ender to Napolean, and one review that was way off the mark  comparing him to Hitler.  The truth is that Ender had no intention or  desire to be a leader, and the thought of killing anyone sickened him.  Hisgenious was being used by the Hitlers and Napoleans of his world.   I, like  most people I know, am a reader who likes certain authors in various  genres.  Card is not on my list.  To be honest, I don't know for sure that  I'll read any of his other books, (except the Ender &quot;series&quot;) but  that shouldn't stop anyone from reading this masterpiece.  It stands on its  own as a great work of fiction and, in my humble opinion, a timeless,  genreless clasic.
6304712936|5.0|I hope Warner Brothers get their act together and rerelease this movie in a dual layer format.  The flipping over of the disc just kills the experience of this film.
B00003XB8K|4.0|While at first this latest work from Enigma wasn't exactly what I was expecting, I am nevertheless excited about this newest release. I love the way the entire set of Enigma works ties together. And, as is always the  case, each time I listen to this CD I hear something new. Great work. If I  had any wishes for the next Enigma CD, it would only be that I'd like to  hear fewer vocals by Michael. Don't get me wrong, the vocals are  meaningful, but I enjoy the songs without Michael's vocals much more,  probably because they allow the mind and spirt to wander without the  guidance of a lead vocal. Thanks for the great work!
0790729628|3.0|When I first saw the original Blade Runner, I knew Decker had to be a replicant.  Just think of about it.  Replicants were genetically &quot;enhanced.&quot;  They are far stronger than human beings.  If Decker  had been a normal human being, how could he have survived those massive  blows from the replicants? Get a replicant to retire replicants.  Only  humans can be this cunning. I, personally, liked Decker's dull dialogues  because they made him even more humane.  I agree with the other reviewers  that the DVD edition should have more features.  For this very reason, for  the time being, I recommend you to buy the soundtrack of this movie (which  is in a league of its own - try listening to it with the lights dimmed) and  wait for the Special Edition to come out. Even though this might be just a  rumor, the corporate boys at WB will surely want to make additional profits  if the demand grows big. Let's just hope that they deserve it this time.
6302878527|5.0|the performance of Audrey in this film is let you feel her acting performance is mellow before she retire. I remember a lot of conversation of Ms. Hepburn and Finney.
B000007SIN|3.0|While Dolby Digital and DTS can create intensely accurate sound-staging for motion pictures, I don't necessarily believe we're to the point of accepting 5.1 channel music, just yet.  My initial hopes for this disc were  pretty much dashed by the intentional 'scattering' of the musicians between  the five full-range channels.  It's somewhat disconcerting to abruptly have  female backing vocals blurt out behind you from nowhere; and the idea of  placing primary guitar parts in the rear channels is absurd.  The bass  extension on this disc is incredible, bordering on ridiculous. The team  that's responsible for re-mixing this obviously loves 'boom-car'  bass....it's simply too loud, compared with the rest of the mix.  It's  easily possible to wrangle it under control with a tweak of the bass  management controls on the receiver....my point being:  you shouldn't have  to. All said, it IS an interesting treatment of the tracks.....worth  owning, only if you're a die-hard Dan Fan.
6305311463|5.0|If you love the movie Armageddon then you will really love this Criterion Edition.  It contains everything you could ever want to know about the best end-of-the-world movie ever. The two commentaries are excellent and  insightful, the story boards are fun to see, the Aerosmith video and  interview are too cool, and all the trailers rock!   If you love the movie  and want to know how it was made by the people who made it this is  definitely for you. Two thumbs up!
B000021XR5|4.0|I was impresed. When I bought this I knew that &quot;down&quot; was a great song(pretty cool video also)I didn't really know how it was going to compair to &quot;core&quot; &quot;Tiny Music&quot; or &quot;Purple&quot; To  my joy it was filled with great songs like &quot;Down&quot; &quot;Heven and  hot rods&quot; &quot;Pruno&quot; &quot;sour girl&quot; &quot;church on  Tuesday&quot; and &quot;no way out&quot; It sill has the old STP touch to  it but it's a little more heavy and louder than the last albums. For the  best STP album it eather &quot;Core&quot; or &quot;No.4&quot; I can't  deside. It's a tough one. It could of been a little longer but I'm a happy  costumer. Good for nirvana, pearl jam, and Alice in chains fans.
B000007T1M|5.0|Considering all the hype behind these new-metal bands (Korn and Limp Bizkit, for example), none of them have put out anything even remotely original, except maybe the Deftones.  After all, Korn copied Faith No More  and to a lesser extent, Mr Bungle, and Limp Bizkit copied Korn.  It started  to look pretty sad, that is, until these guys came along with their  explosive debut.  Despite the superior album sales of the aforementioned  bands, I would be hard-pressed to find anybody who could honestly say  they're more satisfied by Jonathan Davis' repetitive (and at this point,  boring) tortured-soul cliches he passes for lyrics than for these brutally  honest damnations to the politics of the game of life .  On top of that,  SOAD's sound is far more interesting than any other metal CD that came out  last year.  The Middle Eastern influences provided mostly by singer  Serj  Tankian work far better than anyone would have anticipated (check out Know  for a terrific example).  From the smoking opening riff of Suite Pee to the  hardest, yet catchiest song, PLUCK, this CD hits hard and consistently,  without allowing a second of recovery from each blow they deliver, while  being curiously listenable all at the same time.  Great stuff all around.   Best songs - they're all awesome, but I gotta go with Suite Pee, PLUCK,  Know and DDevil.
B000002IZ4|4.0|A very good cd but not as good as Core. Purple still has very catchy toons like &quot;Meatplow&quot; &quot;Vasoline&quot; &quot;interstate love song&quot; and &quot;Big empty&quot; STP is only the real true rock band  left. Every thing else is diferent types. STP is a good,well put togeter  band with well put together songs. I only thing I didn't like is that  &quot;Vasoline&quot; is to sort. If you have &quot;Core&quot;  &quot;bush&quot; or any &quot;Nirvana&quot; cds you will enjoy this alot. I  think they would have more cds if Scott would behave himself but nobodies  perfect. Good cd. good band. good songs. good buy.
0399143904|5.0|The book Rainbow six is a great book with a lot of action in it.It's about a group of men from differant contrys the most elit military men from each  and they call themselvs rainbow which only a selcted few know about. The  main character Dimingo Chaveze is the leader of the group and really knows  what he's doing.It is a very realistice book in how they take people down  its not all gu-hoe it planed out and very detailed.all in all I liked it  very much so keep up the good work tom.
B00003CWRX|1.0|I find it very hard to review this film without the use of bad language, but I'll try.  From start to finish this film was terrible - with a cast of uninteresting characters and an even more pathetic plot, I found it  astonishing that this film has been nominated for 'Film of the Year'.  What  I found even more astonishing was that one of my all time heros - Pacino -  was willing to star in this tripe.  Of course, to be fair, I had nothing  but praise for Pacino's performance - which helped to ease my suicidal  urges through 157 minutes.  The main problem of this film is Michael Mann's  repeated failure to deliver - he repeatedly sets up a superb opportunity  for a moment of interest or suspense only to let the audience down with an  anti-climax.  The idea of the plot being centered around a true story of an  'insider' willing to testify on public record should have been a worthy  content for the film, but the way the story is told makes it almost too  true to life - almost as if watching a bland documentary.  Don't get me  wrong - I don't believe all films need violence and guns to make  excitement, but 'The Insider' was just too long with little or no moments  of action for the audience to sit up and take interest.  It is bad enough  the film being plain boring, but 157 minutes of this is just ridiculous,  and it is about time films are reviewed with the truth in mind and  therefore pathetic attempts like this will never be nominated for best film  of the year.  It will be a cold day in hell before I ever watch any more of  Mann's work.
B000003S5H|4.0|This Album is really great. I put it right up there with u2's Actung Baby, Tricky's Maxinquaye, Aphex Twin's Selected Ambient Works I, Nil Lara's album. It is a bit uneven, but even the least impressive track on this  album is better than the best on many. Its a no-brainer. If you liked one  song you've heard, you'll like the album. Get it already!
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is probaly the best new movie i have seen in years. It is the athithieis of the modern american suburban family. kevin spacey was great as the downtrodden american nman and annette bening as the  materalistic mom. Ending was great and a complete suprise. You have got to  see this movie!
B000001FTD|5.0|THIS IS WITH OUT A DOUBT THE BEST ANTHRAX ALBUM OF ALL TIME. THE FIRST SONG IS GREAT , BUT &quot;CAUGHT IN A MOSH&quot; IS THE BEST ANTHRAX SONG EVER.              BUY THIS ALBUM.
B00000AFHM|5.0|the only thing tougher than a second album is a third, apparently.  this is where many promising young bands lose the plot.  but not belle and sebastian -- they just get braver.  and spacier.  and better.  all at the  same time.  this is a fearlessly enigmatic record -- shadowy, restrained --  a drugless psychedelia.  absolutely masterful.
6305750750|5.0|In general, all of the flash in the pan critcs were clueless in their reviews (see good reviews by Leonard Maltin and Roger Ebert who are just about the only critics with any validity these days).<br />People who  complain about SWE1 are INTENTIALLY LOOKING for stuff to complain about  just because they think its the cool thing to do, not event trying to like  the movie.<br />SWE1 is not the best in the series (that distinction goes to  Empire) but it right on par with the rest of the series. (Remember, there  are still 2 more chapters before the story is complete).  Even if you  ignore the others, this is a spectacular film. (I saw it 6 times in the  theatre and did not grow tired of it)<br />Just sit back and enjoy because you  are in for a hell of a ride.
B00000K19E|5.0|You don't need me to tell you how incredibly amazing this movie is, how stunning the graphics, or how complex the plot. It is quite obvious already, seeing as The Matrix has been out on DVD for more than a few  months and it is STILL at the top of the charts.<br />The Matrix is about a  man named Neo who leads a double life. He contributes to society just as  everybody else does, but somehow he knows that there is something missing  in his life: The Matrix. He doesn't know what it is, and he doesn't know  who &quot;Morpheus&quot; is, but he's been looking for both his whole  life...and both have been searching for him.<br />This is a movie about  realization and fate. Both play a big part in Neo's character development.  Aside from all this, The Matrix is a sci-fi action thriller. It has been  compared to the great &quot;Star Wars&quot; and rightly so because the  screenplay for this movie was written as only the second chapter of a  trilogy. Sound familiar? In a year or two, the sequel to The Matrix will  come out, followed by a prequel (so for those of you who pooh-poohed the  seemingly brief romantic development of Trinity and Neo, it's only the  beginning).<br />If you want to buy a movie worth watching twice, or 50+  times, I assure you that this is the one and only choice. Think of every  genre there is; it's right in this film. Moreover, this movie has  revolutionalized movie making. It's special effects alone are worth buying  the dvd for. But the most compelling reason: If you want to fuss over and  obsess about something truly wonderful that represents how advanced our  culture is, WATCH THIS.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I thought this was the worst movie I have seen so far this year. The sex stuff was good but put it together with a plot that one can follow and an ending that makes sense.
6305718954|5.0|I look at all of these reviews and i they all seem to say the same thing, &quot;Something is missing.&quot; It then occured to me that what if that's what they wanted. The story reminds me of an Poe story. I for one enjoyed  the movie. I told all my friends to go see it. It is very logical and i  don't belive in &quot;G&quot;od but it makes me think.
0553275976|5.0|When you filter out all the noise (ethnic conflict, unbrideled wealth &amp; priviledge, Wall Street greed, extramaritial affairs, etc), this book is really a simple tale of human sacrifice.  The main character (Sherman  McCoy) is deliberately sacrificed by the powers that be (the NYC political  establishment). This sacrifice is a means of achieving &quot;steam  control&quot; by staging a sideshow to placate the &quot;righteously  angry&quot; minority groups threatening to rise up and topple the status  quo.  Even so, its a fascinating story.  Especially interesting is McCoy's  transformation from a spoiled, arrogant Master of the Universe to a scrappy  fighter whose only goal is survivial.  Wolfe is obviously trying to tell us  something about our future with this tale, but I'm not quite sure what.
B000002MUW|4.0|awesome cd...not just the popular tracks, pretty much every song is great...
0345350499|5.0|I had forgotten my love for reading after going through so many books that didn't hold my attention.  The Mists of Avalon reminded me of my love for a good book and got me hooked on Marion Zimmer Bradley.  This book is a  perfect blend of romance, action, magic and just plain creativity that  binds you to the story and leaves you begging for more.  This book tells  the Arthurian legend through the eyes of the women around King Arthur's  life.  It tells the story of the strength of Morgain (his sister), Igraine  (his mother) and Guenivere (his wife).  It wonderfully portrays the bravery  of these women in such a brutal time, without taking away the romance and  insecurity's women feel.  Beautiful book.  Be sure to read the Forest House  and Lady of the Lake also, which take place before The Mists of Avalon  although Bradley wrote them afterward.  I started with the Mists of Avalon  and had no trouble at all.  Marion Zimmer  Bradley was a genious.  I'm  terribly gratefull to her for giving me something to refresh my mind.
B00000IQMT|4.0|I enjoyed every track on this album... and if it had been any other composer, I probably would have given it Five Stars. However, Williams still didn't manage to top the excellent effort he put forth with the  'Empire Strikes Back' soundtrack, a work so good that you can find motifs  and cues from it even in the 'Phantom Menance' score. (They are, however,  used to even greater effect than they were in 'Return of the Jedi.')<br />In  my opinion, one of the greatest moments of this CD is the ending of the  final track. Unlike previous scores where we got an upbeat, fast-paced  reprise of the 'Star Wars' theme to close out the recordings (and the  flick, if you're the kind of person who sits through the end credits), we  instead get a quiet rendition of... Darth Vader's Theme/The Imperial March.  Throughout the disc, the tune is echoed in other tracks ('Anakin's Theme'  and elsewhere... listen closely!) but those last few notes of the End Title  music drives the point home like none of the others. It's a great  foreshadowing of things to come, and one of the touches that makes  Williams' music such a vital part of Everything Star Wars.
0871137380|5.0|The best true modern warfare conflict, I have seen.  The 75th and Delta, not to mention CCT, PJ, SEAL, are the best.  These guys who were there.  I truely respect you.
B000002UA0|5.0|I wanted to comment on what &quot;Chris from outside the wall&quot; said (3-14-00) regarding this album. He had said Syd Barrett's lyrics were &quot;odd, tedious, and lacking meaning.&quot; If artists weren't allowed  to have odd lyrics, rock would not be where it is today...actually, rock  would not exist.(Don't you agree, the lyrics to &quot;Rock Around The  Clock&quot; sound a bit &quot;odd?&quot; Yet it is called the first rock  'n' roll song ever...) If you find Syd Barrett's music tedious, I have to  ask why, because that is not the word I would use to describe his lyrics...  Chris, do you find &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; tedious? I would like  to find at least one other person who agrees with your assessment of this  very talented man. And of all the things you criticized Syd Barrett about,  saying that his lyrics &quot;lack meaning&quot; is the most outrageous.   Syd Barrett NEVER did a song that didn't mean anything...everyone and  everything meant something to him, and he expressed that in all of music,  no matter how tedious or odd some may perceive his music to be. His lyrics  may lack meaning to you, but that doesn't mean they lack value. If you  honestly believe that his music lacks meaning, I would like for you to find  me another artist comparable to Syd's genius whose music DOES have meaning,  and more so than his.... As for the &quot;no-flow&quot; album and the  non-blending songs that have &quot;no direction,&quot; my understanding is  that the album is based on the book &quot;The Wind in the Willows,&quot; so  all those criticisms need to be directed toward the author of the book. It  takes a great deal of talent to be able to create an album that is based on  a popular book, and I think Syd pulled it off very well...As for &quot;his  guitar playing being no match for Gilmour&quot; (another outrageous  statement), I think you need to remember who came first between the two...I  think Gilmour is no match for Barrett...anything Gilmour learned on the  guitar he had to have learned from Syd. I mean, come on! How can you listen  to &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; and (still) say he is &quot;no  match&quot; for Gilmour? What planet are you from?<br />You are right in  saying that Syd meant nothing more to &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; (can they  still call themselves by that name?) than as a &quot;valuable stepping  stone,&quot; and that is unfortunate, but he will always be known as as the  creator of Pink Floyd, and nothing anybody says can change that. (People,  if you agree with me, back me up on this!) :-)
B00000IP2L|5.0|Finally a return to heavy metal for one of the greatest metal guitarists in the world today! Zakk Wylde, writing under the moniker Black Label Society, has crafted what could quite possibly be the greatest metal album  of 1999. Every track is rich and full of sound, the vocals are  otherworldly, and the attitude is nothing but metal! If you buy one CD this  year, it should be either this, or his follow-up, Stronger than Death!
0802713319|5.0|In 1637, French mathematician Pierre de Fermat proposed, with respect to Pythagoras' equation: No whole number solutions exist when X and Y are  raised to whole number powers higher than two. This became Fermat's Last  Theorem / Fermat's Enigma.  Fermat claimed there was a proof, which the  margin of his notebook was too small to contain - unfortunately. <br />In 1955  Goro Shimura and Yutaka Taniyama met at a mathematics symposium in Tokyo.  From that meeting arose what would become known as, The Taniyama-Shimura  Conjecture: All elliptical equations have a modular form. But by 1984, at  another mathematics symposium, this time in Oberwolfach ( a town in  Germany's black-forest), Gerhard Frey - by assuming that there was one  whole number solution to Fermat's Enigma - demonstrated how Fermat's Enigma  could be expressed as an elliptical equation. One without a corresponding  modular form. <br />And then, Andrew Wiles, a Cambridge mathematician working  in America, who specialised in matters relating to the Taniyama-Shimura  conjecture, and with an interest - from childhood - in Fermat's Enigma,  came along. The spur for Wiles was that the work done by Gerhard Frey cast  doubt upon the validity of the Taniyama-Shimura Conjecture. This was  problematic because Wiles' Ph.D. was in Elliptical equations and Modular  forms, a branch of mathematics that other areas of modern work depended  upon. And The Taniyama-Shimura Conjecture like Fermat's Enigma had no  proof, but was taken to be probably true. So for Wiles, the principal aim  was to prove the Taniyama-Shimura Conjecture from which he could also claim  to have proved Fermat's Enigma by contradicting Frey's proposition. This he  did  by 1995, after more than seven years of near solitary toil.<br />Calling  this book by the historically romantic title `Fermat's Enigma' as opposed  to the more correct, The Taniyama-Shimura Conjecture, is a bit of a con,  but a necessary one for the popular market it is aimed at, and exposes  Wiles' work to an audience beyond the realms of mathematics professors.  <br />Wiles asserts that Fermat couldn't have had a proof, because the  required math didn't exist in 1637: the problem needed twentieth century  techniques. This makes sense due to the lack of a proof for over three  hundred and fifty years by many others' attempts. Yet why would Fermat have  lied? After all, Fermat is regarded as  being one of the finest  mathematicians there was. Maybe there is another way... someone?<br />Except for  the relentless use of &quot;However&quot;, and a little over indulgence on  dubious background detail, I found this book to be an excellent read. One  that should be an encouragement to those starting out in maths, and to  those who have a casual interest to study it more.
B00000FCBC|5.0|There are two groups of Metallica fans:<br />a. People who think the band sold out.<br />b. People who don't think the band sold out.<br />On the surface it seems like the first group gets a disc all to themselves, while the  second group can happily listen to both. But here's a thought to consider:  Metallica didn't write any of the songs on this album, and since the  group's taste hasn't really changed like some people argue their music  style has (even though there are Bob Seger covers even my anti-metal mother  will listen to, there's nothing &quot;sell-out&quot; about Black Sabbath  and the Misfits!), the songs on disc one aren't THAT different from the  second disc! Yes, Breadfan is worlds away from Whiskey In The Jar, but  there's always exceptions. Generally, though, the only difference from  songs like Am I Evil and Die Die My Darling is that James's voice seems  somehow different.<br />FluffyGirl
0783223218|3.0|As cop thrillers go, this film is better than average but it carries some heavy flaws. The film was slick and well made, it looked good though lacking art. The acting was as good as you would expect from Gere and  Willis and the script was sharp. So what was wrong with this film?<br />The  characterisation was too formulaic. Richard Gere was playing an Irish  terrorist. A man who had seen active service with one of the most  sophisticated and ruthless terrorist organisations ever seen. Yet, his  character is portrayed as a light hearted folk hero.<br />At the same time,  Bruce Willis, the Jackal is the most feared and skillful assassin on the  planet and yet he cannot stick to his job. He has to go out of his way to  bait the cops and leave clues as to his intentions. If Gere's Declan  Mulqueen is unlikely, Willis' Jackal is simply impossible. OK, derranged  psychopaths may taunt their police pusuers but the worlds smartest  assassin? I think not.<br />I thought that some of the violence in the film  was not necessary for the plot. I always feel it's a shame if a director  feels the need to try to extend the appeal of a film in this way.
B00000J7J7|5.0|Very good record. Brad Mehldau is able to entertain with only a piano. He has very rich  musical ideas which he presents clearly. This recording should also be very interesting to people who like classical piano. The  quality of the recording is very good, so audiophiles should also like this  record.
B000000Y1H|5.0|What a great album. Orrin Keepnews, who produced the album in 1956 for Riverside, says that this is the album which really put Thelonius on the map for most jazz fans (outside of the folks who were already in the know).  This is certainly a great place to begin your Thelonius collection before  moving on to Monk's Dream or other great albums. Plus, one should never  miss the chance to hear Max Roach, Sonny Rollins, Oscar Pettiford, or Paul  Chambers. A must own album.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've read some of the ignorant negative commentary by customers of amazon.com on this cd. First and foremost Carlos Santana is the legitimate heir to the legacy of rock/blues guitar geniuses Jimmy Hendix, Tommy Bolin  and Stevie Ray Vaughn. Nobody plays like him. His tone, lyricism, phrasing  and soul are so identifiable that no one comes close. The fact that he  chose to collaborate with &quot;contemporary&quot; artists is a testimony  to his open mindedeness and willingness to connect with the youth of today  who don't know the difference when they hear a real drummer as opposed to a  drum machine. Yet he still has his signature sound. Man no one plays the  blues like Carlos Santana, no one!  Did you see him on the Grammy's? The  crowd was in awe because a true musician was throwing down with the truth  on guitar. I listened to him and fell in love with him when I was a kid and  now my kids love him and are moved by him. Those Santana bashers must have  a jeolous hole in their soul. Screw 'em!  Man don't listen to them, they  could't dance if their life depended on it. Buy this album and crank the  first tune as loud as you can and for the first time you and your kids will  be dancing to the spirit!  Viva Carlos Santana!
B000000WF9|5.0|I first came to hear Michael Nyman's work from Greenaway's 'The Cook, the Thief, His Wife, and Her Lover' and Campion's 'The Piano'. <br />Having found his work to be of an exceptional standard - I instantly bought this CD  after seeing the film. It soon became one of my favourites. <br />In many  ways, Gattaca echoes 'The Piano' although there is only one solo piano  track (Schubert's Impromptu Op90 no.3)here. Rather, this soundtrack is more  string oriented - although the formal and stylistic concerns still  remain.<br />An emotional tenderness is prevalent throughout this whole CD  with tracks being divided into two main tempos - slow and medium.                 <br />The opening track begins with 'The Morrow', with synthesized  textures reminiscent of Phillipe Sarde's 'Quest For Fire'. When used in  'Gattaca' the unity of visual and sound is just spellbinding - as we see  skin and hair fall on the ground. His choice of high notes are not  unfamiliar. The string arrangement here becomes  the motif winding in and  out of other tracks.  <br />Many other tracks are great but if you put a gun  to my head and force me to name my other favourites then they would  be...(2)'God's Hands' - a second motif (3)'The One Moment' (5)'The Arrival'  - love the lingering piano in the string composition as the end of the  track finishes on high keys (6) 'Becoming Jerome' - the faster tempo brings  relief (7) 'Call Me Eugene' - more lingering piano in string composition  (10) 'Not the Only One' - horns to blow you away (11) 'Second Morrow' -  horn arrangement echoing 'The Piano' (12) 'Impromptu' -see above (14) 'It  Must Be Light' - similar to 'Second Morrow' (21) 'The Truth' - simply  tender (23) 'The Departure'.          <br />It is interesting how many of  Nyman's works accompany those films with alienated characters (see Ada in  'The Piano' or Georgina in 'The Cook, the Thief, His Wife and Her Lover').  I am not sure if it is the excellence of Nyman on his own terms or his  incredible connection with the film(s). Whatever the case - if you  cherished his previous soundtrack works, I can guarantee you will not be  disappointed here. I am very hard to please when it comes to films and  soundtracks and don't always give a 5-star rating but in this case it is  truly deserved!
B00003W8NM|5.0|This has got to be one of the best movies ever made.  The story is truely great.  The acting, directing and the effects rank up there too.  It is too bad that this film was not seen by as many people as it should have.  It  was surely the best film of 1999 not to mention the best film ever made.   Buy this movie, you will not be disappointed!
6305171769|5.0|Wow, When I first heard of the making of Halloween H20, I thought &quot;damn, as soon as a really good horror film comes along, they ruin it with about a dozen sequels&quot;.  However, after seeing the film more than  twenty times, I decided that this film was spectacular.  There is something  in the Halloween films for everyone.  The Halloween films all contain  suspense, violence, gore, supernatural occurences, but also displays a  touch of reality.        The plot of the Halloween films may seem  confusing, but after thinking, I figured it out.  The original Halloween  was filmed in 1978.  Halloween H20 was filmed in 1998.  You people do the  math.  All of the films that are in between, take place in between the  beginning and ending films. The character &quot;Michael Myers&quot; would  have been the age of 41 during this film; in his prime.          The movie  itself has only one main goal; which is to put an end to Michael Myers.  In  the 6th, &quot;The Curse of Michael Myers&quot;, they took Michael's  strength WAY to far.  What I mentioned earlier, about a touch of reality  was that; Michael always seemed to be stronger than the average man, now  unless he goes to the gym, and benches about 400 lbs., then he isn't going  to be killing people in the manner that he does; violently, and powerfully.   On the other hand, Michael never acutually seems to go beyond the realm  that an average psychopath that suffers from schizophrenia would, which is  undoubtedly what Michael suffered from, after researching the disease a  little bit.  So, Moustapha Akkad should be commended for creating such an  intresting  psychopath.        I really loved the end of this film.  Jamie  Lee Curtis' character, I think, goes a little nutty herself.  But then  again, the director; Steve Miner, Keeps her sane by briefly showing that  she has emotions towards her handicapped brother.  Michael had put Laurie  through so much hell,  that I'm surprised that she wasn't crazy herself.  I  don't know about the rest of the viewers, but I couldn't handle seeing so  many people die at one time without showing some type of weirdness.   However, I think that this film puts a good end to Michael Myers' life, and  at the same time, gives the enemy a taste of his own medicine.  This was an  outstanding ending to a really, really, good story.
0380973464|5.0|It has always bothered me that Neal's books wind up in the Science Fiction section at book stores. They should really create a &quot;technology novel&quot; section.<br />This book was the best, a bit over my head at times, but that means I'll have to read it again.<br />And that does not bother me at  all.  It's a great read, I had a hard time putting it down.<br />Neal  Stephenson just keeps getting better and better.
B00004LN16|4.0|I was pleasently surprised with this album.  I didn't like what I heard off of their last album, but this stuff is pretty good.  There are 12 songs and there are only 2 that I don't care for, and I wouldn't even consider  them filler!  I'm talking about &quot;Damned&quot; and &quot;House of  Jazz&quot;.  Several of the songs such as &quot;Can't Hold Me Back&quot;  and &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; are some of the best I've heard yet by  the band (since their newer singer stepped in anyway).  However, there are  a couple of minor problems that caused it from getting another star. Some  of the songs become a little repetitive after awhile, even for AC/DC.  But  that isn't to big of a deal.  Also, Phil Rudd their drummer seems to be  slowing down a bit. All the songs drum beats are a little too similar.  But  everyone else in the band sounds great!  The bass sounds the best since  Highway to Hell!  Overall I think this is a great album and would recommend  it to all  AC/DC fans, casual and hardcore.  It has a bluesier feel to it  which I think brings out the best of the band, like the old albums with Bon  Scott.  I think it really deserves 4 and 1/2 stars.  I also like goats.   But then again, who doesn't?
0385474547|5.0|This is a quick and easy read, but that is owing to the great economy of Achebe's writing rather than a lack of content.  On the contrary, the book is overflowing with ethnographic details which paint a colorful and  unforgettable picture of Umuofia and the Ibo people.  The changes which  take place when the missionaries set in are mesmerizing.  Without a doubt,  this is among my very favorite novels.
B00000255F|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE BOTH LYRICALLY AND MUSICALLY.FROM THE OPENING CHORD OF &quot;THUNDER ROAD&quot; TO THE LAST BELLOW OF &quot;JUNGLELAND&quot;, SPRINGSTEEN HAS GIVEN THE LISTENER THE GREATEST  ALBUM EVER PRODUCED IN THE ROCK ERA.SPRINGSTEEN GIVES THE CHARACTERS AND  LISTENERS AN ULTIMATE INVITATION TO TAKE A RIDE,TO MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN,TO  TAKE A CHANCE ON LOVE,ROMANCE AND LIFE.&quot;WILL YOU WALK WITH ME OUT ON  THE WIRE&quot;.ANYONE WITH HALH A HEARTBEAT CANNOT RESIST THE  TEMPTATION.THE AGONY AND DESPERATION IN HIS VOICE ON THE TITLE TRACK  EXPLODE WITH GREAT URGENCY.THE IMAGES AND CHARACTERS ON THE ALBUM ARE  DESCRIBED WITH GREAT DETAIL AS THEIR STORIES AND PLACE ARE TOLD,IMAGINE  ERNEST HEMINGWAY PLAYING ROCK MUSIC. ONE CANNOT HELP BUT BE OVERWHELMED BY  THE BRILLIANT,&quot;BACKSTREETS&quot;,ONE OF THE MOST POETIC AND MASTERFUL  SONGS EVER RECORDED IN THE ROCK ERA.I ACTUALLY LIVED THE STORY IN THIS  SONG.THE MAGNIFICENT &quot;JUNGLELAND&quot;,THE MINI ROCK OPERA,FILLED WITH  HOPE,DESPERATION,AND FINALLY DEFEAT,BUT NOT ULTIMATE DEATH.THE MUSIC ON  THIS ALBUM EQUALS THE LYRICS.GUITARS,SAX,MUTED TRUMPETS,DRUMS,HARMONICA,AND  THE MASTERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL PIANO WORK OF ROY BITTAN.IF YOU ONLY BUY ONE  ALBUM IN YOUR LIFE,BORN TO RUN IS THE ONE. NEVER,EVER HAVE I BEEN SO MOVED  MUSICALLY AND LYRICALLY AS I HAVE BY THIS ALBUM.EVEN AS SPINGSTEEN HAS  PROVEN TO BE ROCK'S GREATEST PERFORMER IN CONCERT,I DON'T KNOW IF ANYTHING  MATCHES THE PERFOMANCE AND PRODUCTION AS BORN TO RUN DOES IN THE  STUDIO.TWENTY-FIVE YEARS LATER IT STILL SOUNDS AS FRESH AND POWERFUL AS IT  DID WHEN IT WAS RELEASED.IF YOU DON'T OWN THIS DISC GET IT TODAY.IT'S THE  ONLY ALBUM THAT WOULD MERIT 6 STARS.<br />BC
6300216500|5.0|If you do not like this movie I have to wonder if there is something wrong with you, for this is as good as things get.<br />I love this movie.  Jack has never been better.  Roman is in top form.  Everything little last thing  works, and it all works so well.<br />Watch this, 'cause if you haven't you  have made a mistake.
B000002UZ1|5.0|The 1962-1966 (Red Album) showed the Beatles as a tight pop group making classic single after classic single, all the while showing tremendous growth, individually and collectively.  The Blue Album shows the group  continuing to change and grow, though now most of the growth is individual.  The amazing thing about this album is that it covers a period in the  Beatles' career that was marked by incredible turmoil and problems, but  you'd certainly never know it by the quality of the music on this  collection.  If an overview of the best of their final years is what you're  looking for, this is a classic collection (not to mention your only  choice).  It is brilliantly remastered and includes the choicest of the  choice. Some people's favorites won't be here, but that's natural - the  Beatles' output was high, both in quantity and quality.<br />If you're not  going to buy Sergeant Pepper, Magical Mystery Tour, the White Album, Abbey  Road and Let It Be (not to mention Past Masters, Vol. 2, then this is  certainly the way to go.
B0000027I6|5.0|So i was drunk in a local bar some months ago, and engaged in conversation with a fellow (also drunk) Pink Floyd fan who decided I was his soul mate after I put some Kinks tunes in the Jukebox.  We got into the inevitable  &quot;Which one's Pink&quot; quagmire and I annoyed him by calling all post  Waters Floyd efforts &quot;pale Imitations&quot; or something along those  lines.  I responded to all of his rebuttels with a wave of my hand and a  &quot;Bah.&quot;  He suggested we settle the matter by going back to his  place with some hookers, dropping some acid and listening to The Division  Bell.  An offer which I (regretably?) declined, but. forgive me, I  digress...<br />I listened to Amused To Death for the first time in quite a  while this evening, an itch I just had to scratch.  I lay on the floor in  my darkened room, put on the headphones and let it flow...<br />You can count  my stars to see how I rate the album...just a few comments  here...<br />defininitely his richest solo album, at least on par with Final  Cut.  I don't quite understand the critics who label Waters' lyrical matter  as cliched.  To say so is a rather damning statement, basically stating  that we all already agree that war is horrific, people are pawns of the few  in power, and that western civilization is in a sharp decline.  And  yet...we keep on trudging down the same path, ignoring history, making the  same mistakes...what does that say about us as a people?  (Roger'll tell  ya...)<br />And the internet revolution makes the album's message all the more  timely.  TV was just kid stuff.  The internet further isolates people.  e-mail and chat rooms take the place of human comminication and  interaction.  Welcome to the 21st century.<br />Okay, I need another beer so  I'll leave you alone now.  The album is beautiful kids, buy it.  Listen to  it.  Roger was punk rock before little Johnny Rotten was out of diapers.   Peace.
B00003OSSL|4.0|Would you have liked to see John Wayne cry in a movie? No. It would be so out of place that you would say he was mis-casted in the role. That is what happened to Harrison Ford. Many people say his acting was terrible, but  what I want you to know is that his acting is exactly how one would  &quot;act&quot; if they were in his place. Very draining movie, but well  worth  the watch.  Reviewed by Movie Hound Video.
0425170055|3.0|Excellent book, but not up to the usual quality of Mr. Clancy.  Note the spelling error on p.516..   &quot;break&quot; not (as it should be) &quot;brake&quot;.  This is disappointing given the usual exacting  preparation of his books.
6302800420|5.0|This movie is the best cross-dressing farce since 'Some Like It Hot'. Dustin Hoffman gives one of his best (certainly his funniest) performances, and is the real star of the picture, the movie's success is largely his.  Jessica Lange and Teri Garr are also great. Bill Murray delivers a very  funny performance.
6305537313|5.0|Nothing can be added to descriptions of this film which basically fall into the &quot;This film is sublime&quot; category -- descriptions which I can only wholeheartedly agree with.  Something CAN be added to the  &quot;Amazon.com Essential Video&quot; description by Sean Axmaker which  appears on the &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's&quot; webpage.  It states:  &quot;The only sour note in the whole film is Mickey Rooney's demeaning  performance as the apartment's Chinese manager, an offensively overdone  stereotype even in 1961.&quot;  Hollywood's overdone stereotypical  depictions of asians date back to Charlie Chan (a character who IS Chinese,  the Mickey Rooney character, Mr. Yunioshi, is clearly Japanese) played by  another caucasian actor, Warner Oland.  Apparently what primarily makes  these portrayals so offensive is the fact that they were done by non-asian  actors, since overdone stereotypical depictions of asians by ASIAN actors  can still be seen today, as recently as in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.  The  Mr. Yunioshi character has always been a sensitive issue when  &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's&quot; is discussed.  In all fairness though,  it is a burlesque-style performance and in no way mean-spirited, just  ill-advised.  Anyone looking for a reason not to buy this video should not  use Mr. Yunioshi as an excuse.  It's a delightful movie.
B00000J7J4|2.0|After listening to this cd,I found it no different than other Santana cd's over the past 20 years, other than the parade of headliners.In truth, when Tom Coster left the band,Santana's weakness in composing was sorely  exposed, and we got an endless series of surupy, uninspired pop music.I  believe Carlos' intentions are sincere,but extremely naive about the power  of music to transform lives.However, we are living in decadent times with  nothing really to inspire people. I believe he has missed the point that  art inspires, not juvenile lyrics or gimmicks.Carlos needs to get back to  that premise, and what he has learned from Miles Davis, Wayne Shorter, and  John Coltrane, for they will not be forgotten.
0440234743|2.0|I found this book to be the most disappointing of all the Grisham novels to date ( I am told THE CHAMBER was forgettable, but that is the one I have  not read.) The trademark climactic courtroom scenes are absent except for  some minor interesting depositions. The character development for all of  the Phelan children is quite lacking. The ending was very anticlimactic.  All in all, nowhere near his classics i.e. A Time to Kill or The Runaway  Jury.
B000000WF0|5.0|I will go ahead and tell you that I could not be without this CD.  Personally, I think that Urban Hymns is quite possibly my favorite album.  When If irst got this CD, I was dissappointed becuase Bittersweet Symphony  seemed to be the only good song.  WRONG!  Just listen to the songs and give  them a try.  They will grow on you like moss grows on trees.  Richard  Ashcroft's vocals are stunning.  You feel his emotions when listening to  his songs.<br />All of the tracks are fantastic and top-quality British Rock.   However, I have some favorites: &quot;BitterSweet Symphony,&quot;  &quot;Sonnet,&quot; &quot;The Drugs Don't Work,&quot; &quot;Space and  Time,&quot; &quot;Lucky Man,&quot; and &quot;This Time.&quot;  The tracks  are varied from classical, to slow  easy listening, to some nice rock.   <br />The tracks are all very long.  The shortest is Neon Wilderness (about 3  minutes) and the longest being Rolling People (about 7 minutes.)  They  filled this Cd to the brim with music.  People say the tracks are  repetitive but that is just his style of music.  Repetitive?  Maybe.   Beautiful?  Yes.  <br /> Trust me on this one: This is one of the best albums  ever released in music history.  You would do yourself a favor getting this  masterpiece.
0792839730|5.0|A Brilliant DVD could have done with a few more extras such as a documentary etc but the 8 page booklet is a good read and the picture quality of the film on the dvd is good a lot better than the picture  quality on the videos. A Worthwhile buy to any war film buff or anybody who  likes a good old fashioned war film.
B000002UDB|5.0|Herein lies some of the most daring and original pop music ever created. Here we find Paul McCartney's unabashed melodicism and wit, Lennon's verbal twistings, and George Martin's orchestrations all in top form.. but what  really blows me away is the *sounds*. The way the drums sound on  &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot;... the six-piano richness of &quot;Penny  Lane&quot;.. the spooky mellotron and rich guitars on &quot;Strawberry  Fields Forever&quot;... the musical feedback at the end of  &quot;Flying&quot;.. the organ swirls on &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;... the  sped-up vocals on the title song... the beauty is in the loving details of  these fascinating, gorgeous recordings. Oh, and &quot;All You Need is  Love&quot; is a pure ode to joy!
0672506696|5.0|I was struck by how little Rouke allows himself to suffer. He looks at pain in the same way that he looks at everything else; as something to be understood, and then move on. I particularly liked Roukes response to evil,  when the unscrupulous Ellsworth T. asks him at a party &quot;What do you  think of me&quot;? Rouke replys, &quot;I never think of you&quot;. Rouke is  very unique in this repect. He seems to be able to step outside himself and  look at the irrational objectively. Once he understands it; it becomes  impotent to hurt him any longer.<br />Evil and pain don't rate very high in  Rouke's life. Whereas many of my friends, aquaintences and family members  constantly horriblize over events that happened years ago. They carry these  painful events around with them like prized battle scars. They refuse to  try to understand them. They are not curious in the lest about the nature  of their own suffering, and therefore, never solve them; keeping their  suffering as the only evidence that they are alive.<br />Rouke, on the other  hand, rejects suffering as a way of life. And for this reason he is able to  live a happy life and achieve his highest values. As opposed to the  millions upon millions of pituful misshapened lives left in the wake of  religion - which teaches us, not to be happy and live, but to suffer and  die.
B000002AHC|4.0|For some reason, many people never include this album with the true psychedelic greats. They'll often insert 5th Dimension. Notorious Byrd Brothers is WAY more psychedelic. The guys discovered phasing, moog  synthesizers and mellotrons for this album. The only dark spot, as  mentioned by other listeners, is the stodgy Space Odyssey, which tries to  be an American &quot;Interstellar Overdrive,&quot; only without much energy  or melody. But this album belongs in any 'delic music lover's collection.  Songs like &quot;Wasn't Born to Follow&quot; &quot;Natural Harmony&quot;  and &quot;John Robertson&quot; are as 'delic as they come.
0385421982|5.0|This book is good because it combines wit and action.  Grisham uses his lawyer language perfectly to make it seem real.  He also shows it through Darby Shaw.  She is a law student at Tulane who knows what it is like in  the real world.  Her travels trying to elude the guys sent by the oil  company bring her near to tears constantly.  She figures out that no matter  what, you need to tell someone about things that could be harmful.  Grisham  gets two thumbs up from me.
1567184855|5.0|As with the other reviews I have read about Dr. Newton's Journey of Souls, I was so comforted.  Finishing the book, I wanted to begin it again.  It would be so wonderful to read more on this same subject.  I feel a great  peace after reading this book.
B0000011N5|5.0|I believe myself to be the biggest Donovan fan that ever lived.  My Donovan collection is very extensive and much honored.  However, my collection amounts to nothing without A GIFT FROM A FLOWER TO A GARDEN.  It  is by far one of my most prized works of Donovan.  It's happy, sad, upbeat,  lowbeat, energizing, and mellowing.  It's life on a compact disc.  His  voice can send me to heaven.  His lyrics really make you think about  things.  Donovan is everything music used to be and is'nt anymore.  His  music is timeless whether he made it in 1966 or 1996.  If you want to  expirience true nirvana, Donovan is your man.  The most beautiful songs of  Donovan are contained on A GIFT FROM A FLOWER TO A GARDEN.  &quot;Wear Your  Love Like Heaven&quot; speaks for its self.  &quot;There Was A Time&quot;  is a work of art.  &quot;The Enchanted Gypsy&quot; is truly enchantment at  its best.  &quot;Isle of Islay&quot;, &quot;The Mandolin Man And His  Secret&quot;, &quot;Widow With A Shawl ( A Portrait )&quot;, and  &quot;Epistle To Derroll&quot; all have a mystical story to tell.  This is  Donovan at his best.<br />Other Donovan records I recommend are:                 Hurdy Gurdy Man,                  Mellow Yellow,                Sunshine  Superman,                Donovan In Concert,                     HMS,                    Open Road,              and, Cosmic Wheels.
B0000046KM|5.0|This is a perfect alum that makes you dreamy and contemplative. Her voice is incredible, smooth as an illicit kiss
B000002BYD|5.0|yield it's pj's second best album, only vitalogy beats it, it's a generally calm album, with a lot of beatle influences in some songs, it opens with brain of j, the hardest rockin song on the album, a little of  the more grunnge like pj, then there's faithfull my personal favorite,  eddie's lyrics are brilliant and the music, written by mike finally! , is  awesome, the third is no way, it's a good song, very cool guitar effects  courtesy of stone and so-so lyrics, given to fly is like a flashback to  zeppelin's days, another great piece by mike, and I think that most people  underrated this song, wishlist is an overrated song, it has very good  lyrics and the solos in it are ok, but it gets a little monotonus, pilate  is a strange song, it took me some listens to like it, but now I love it,  it's a slow song until the chorus kicks in, do the evolution it's a cool  rock song, with eddie singing about all the bad things of mankind, anyway I  don't like this one that much, and it doesn't deserve to be a single, MFC  is totally incredible, short and smart, true alternative rock, low light is  simply beautiful, the acoustic rythms really get into your head very good,  in hiding my second favorite has one of the best guitar work I've ever  heard, because each guitar complements the other, so it sounds great and  eddie's singing is fantastic, push me, pull me it's an experiment, with  loops and stuff, but with eddie talking about life and how short is it,  it's worth it, then the final track all those yesterdays, one of the  closest songs to reach beatle hights without sounding like copycats, it's  original but has that beatle touch that makes it very special. so it's a  veri good and cohesive group of songs, there isn't a standout track though.  this shows why pj is the only grunge band that survived.
B0000046KM|5.0|This is a perfect alum that makes you dreamy and contemplative. Her voice is incredible, smooth as an illicit kiss
0441003257|5.0|This book is one of the funniest that I have ever read.  Within the first few pages I was laughing so hard I had to stop or risk falling off the chair.  My friends recemended this book to me, and I agree, it is worth  every cent spent on it.
6305127638|5.0|Along with Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, this is the Star Trek film with the most &quot;mass audience appeal.&quot; A thrilling action-adventure suspense ride, Patrick Stewart and Jonathan Frakes deliver a one-two punch  with a great story and fantastic acting by this ensemble cast. In  particular, Patrick Stewart is at his very best here. In a film filled with  stunning, suspenseful action scenes and breathtaking visuals, Stewart's  portrayal of Cpt. Picard shines above all. The best scene in the film is  not an action or f/x sequence, but one played between Stewart and Alfre  Woodward near the conclusion. It's worth the price of the whole movie.  Jonathan Frakes does a fantastic job creating suspense, action, humor, and  fun in just the right balance. There is a storyline being played out on two  fronts, and director Frakes does a great job moving between the two and  keeping the viewer interested in both. <br />To date, this is &quot;The Next  Generation's&quot; finest moment, and my second favorite of them all behind  &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot;
0385493800|3.0|If you believe in yourself, you can conquer all. The theme in the book, The Testament, by John Grisham, is best expressed through the hardships and  adventures of Nate Riley. Once an alcoholic, he left his wife and now works  for a lawyers firm. His case is a billionaire who leaves all of his assets  to his unknown daughter, a missionary in South America. Nate's assignment  is to find her and give her the papers to sign. Through his adventures she  leads him to know God. He overcomes a severe case of dengue fever and comes  to believe in God. He believed in himself and is a better person because of  it.
B00000ILBK|3.0|I love Star Trek. When I first saw it, I really loved &quot;Star Trek: Insurrection&quot;. Unfortunately, the film has not held up in repeat viewings, and this is quite often a good way for me to objectively view  something I otherwise really like.<br />&quot;Insurrection&quot; is not a bad  movie. It is fun, interesting, and visually high quality.  The problem here  is that it is a small and derivative plot that would be much better suited  as a one hour television episode. I know that a lot of negative reviews out  here have said the same thing, and at first, I was in total disagreement.  Looking at the movie now, however, I can't help but agree.<br />Star Trek  movies need to be big and exciting. They need to have excellent stories,  interesting villans, and good special effects.  Insurrection's story was  slightly above average, but it has way too many flaws. The villans are poor  at best, and I am not a big fan of computer-generated starships.<br />It seems  to have also gotten to the point where &quot;Insurrection&quot; has token  action scenes. I like space battles and blazing phaser guns, but the  Enterprise space battle was useless to the story and came across EXACTLY  that way. If a scene like this can't be done purposfully, then save money  and don't write it in.<br />I liked &quot;Insurrection&quot;, so please don't  take me for an anti-trek person. I feel it was a very good movie. I just  don't think it makes a very good STAR TREK movie. I actually like 1 and 5  better.<br />On another note, anyone who feels paramount needs to put more  goodies on the DVD's can e-mail the appropriate department  at:<br />homevideo@pde.paramount.com
B000002KOJ|5.0|I bought the orginal album in the 60's and still have it. Now, I am buying the CD. I can now listen to it in my car.  This music is both  uplifting and sad, loves first heart break. Takes you to a different place. Buy it.  Trust me.
B000006YRJ|5.0|It's like, this CD is sooooo goooood.  It's just the best CD in the world!  I would rather own this CD, than all the money in the world.  If I had to choose between owning this CD, and having a large red tractor, I'd go with  the CD.  It's just like, sooo goood.  You should buy it because it's soooo  goooood!
0375701427|5.0|American Pastoral is a uniquely fine book with a sharp mental edge throughout.  The author is not without his eccentricities-e.g., Roth has some of the longest paragraphs I've ever seen-and the reading can be  laborious, but the payoff is significant.  The literary trip alone is a  major joy, and I would highly recommend the journey.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I wish I had read Mr. Mylott's review prior to seeing this film, it could've saved me the three tortuous hours, and he says it all perfectly. I love everything else Kubrick has done, and was set to love this film.  Sadly, this is a waste of good actors and beautiful sets, and a poor end to  Kubrick's brilliant career. Remember him for his masterpieces--Full Metal  Jacket, and &quot;2001&quot; for the greatest opening sequence in film  ever.
0553296981|5.0|&quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot; was an excellent book! The emotion was so over-whelming and incredible that it almost put me into tears. The book  told you all the details of what it was like to live when Hitler was  around; what it was like to live in hiding day-after-day, never being able  to see the light of day. That is just a hint of how powerful this book  actually is. I would recommend this awesome book to everyone. It was a five  star book in my opinion. --JW
B00000I0XW|5.0|A really enjoyed this CD.  I bought it, mainly, for the Phantom of the Opera songs.  People sometimes ask her if she gets tired of singing those songs over and over again, but she doesn't.  For those of you who don't  know...most of the phantom songs (Music Of The Night especially)were  written for her.  Music of the Night was written for her when she was first  together with Andrew Lloyd Webber.  All of the other songs were written   mainly for her voice. This is a great CD, and it has lots of wonderful  songs on it.  One of my favorites is Macavity The Mysetery Cat!
0140011749|5.0|&quot;Carry On, Jeeeves,&quot; a collection of ten short stories first published in 1925 involving the adventures of Jeeves and Bertie Wooster, provides an excellent introduction to the world of P.G. Wodehouse.  The  collection contains the first Jeeves' story, in which the valet comes to  work for Bertie replacing a valet named Meadowes, evidentally a hypocrite  who converted to evangelism (as we find out in the story &quot;The Aunt and  the Sluggard&quot;.) At any rate, Meadowes was sacked by Bertie when the  valet was caught stealing his silk socks. The stories take place in New  York, briefly in Paris, and, of course, in London, although Wodehouse, as  usual, does not delineate any part of New York except to place Bertie in a  flat on 57nd Street and mention Washington Square as a place of  Bohemianism, and Long Island as rural countryside.  The stories contain the  usual Wodehousian social parasites living off wealthy aunts, and develops  such characters as Aunts Agatha and Dahlia, Bingo Little, Sir Roderick  Glossop (the loony doctor) and several of Jeeves' numerous relatives,  including a relatively incompetent constable and female model and partime  &quot;actress.&quot;  The charm of the Jeeves-Wooster stories, I have  always thought, comes from Bertie as speaker, and Bertie narrates the  action in nine of the ten stories.  Wodehouse is at his best in  characterizing Bertie: Wooster's prose tends to be rich in unusual similes,  metaphors and 1920's slang; there is a cadence to Bertie's narration, as  well as a refreshingly humorous charm to his perception of the world.   Bertie has been termed &quot;a useless blot on the fabric of society&quot;  by his former valet, and a &quot;wooden-headed blighter&quot; by others.   Bertie, himself, admits to having &quot;half the amount of brain a normal  bloke ought to possess.&quot;  Even the discrete Jeeves considers Bertie  &quot;mentally negliable,&quot; although, of course, this is an unspoken  thought. (In the final story in this excellent collection, Wodehouse uses  Jeeves as narrator, an unusual occurence in Wodehouse, but one which  enriches the character of Jeeves and makes him more meaningful in later  works. Wodhouse seemed to have exerted more care in the Jeeves' stories  throughout his writing career. Wodehouse admits that he always took  particular care to be especially humorous and witty in these stories  because he thought that the reader demanded more with Jeeves and Wooster.  &quot;Carry On, Jeeves&quot; is a highly recommended introduction into the  world of Wodehouse; a first-time reader may, like most of us, become  quickly addicted to Wodehouse and further explore the richly humorous world  of this marvelous author. Longtime admirers will, of course,  return  frequently to these miniature gems.
0425170349|5.0|Rainbow Six is the most action packed and exciting book Clancy has ever written.  When I read Clear and Present Danger I didn't think Clancy could possibly write a book that good again, but he came extremely close with  Rainbow Six.  What makes Rainbow so great.  First, it contain some of the  greatest action sequences of the entire series.  Second, we see John Clark  enter a new role as an administrator and we see how he struggles with the  change.  Also, with this book coming so soon after Without Remorse we are  startled and intrigued with the contrast between the young and old Clark.   Third, we get to see Ding Chavez come into his own as a leader.  Fourth, we  are introduced to a group of new and intriging characters.  Last, but not  least, we are treated to one of the finest storylines Clancy has ever  written.
6304117272|4.0|I've seen the theatical release many times, but until I watched the director's cut in surround sound, I've not experienced it.  This version explains so much more and it makes you wonder could there be something else  out there that does ultimately have our fate in its hand.  If you allow  your imagination to take you into the abyss, you will not forget the terror  or the beauty of it.  Although sometimes predictable, the cinematography is  mesmerizing. If you love movies that can transport your imagination, this  is one movie that you must see!  I bet you'll never look at another  hurricane or tidal wave the same.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Which is what it is, essentially. This decade sees us become more and more isolated, unable to trust the people who say they speak for us and serve us, unable to trust the people who say they don't. With technology  narrowing down human contact and everybody too afraid to speak out and act  differently Radiohead's OK Computer shows a disturbing future. But there  are strangely beautiful moments as well. Subterrenean Homesick Alien shows  a sense of hope for the future despite its loathing of the planet that it  wants to escape. Airbag makes us wonder if we will all will become somehow  reborn in this brave new world. The most terrifying and awe inspiring  statement this album makes is that it sounds so alien and yet is directly  addressing us and our enviroment. Thom Yorke's lyics are haunted with  isolation, fear, depression and wonder. The music is beyond compare,  reminiscent of travelling on the train staring at passing cities on a  train, wondering.. or the electric sound and aura of a thousand computers  writing our futures. Sorry if this all sounds overboard but as I listen to  this album right now these are the only conclusions I can come to. It is  the musical equivilent of Neil Gaiman's 'Miracle Man' comic, a haunting  wonder and fear. And echoes the same feelings I felt at the end of Arthur  C. Clarke's 'Childhood's End'. Frankly (even though I suspect the lovable  guys would roll their eyes up at this) this is the album that best  describes the state we are all in and musically is the most inventive album  of the decade. Buy it now and impress your kids when they put you in the  'empowered and informed elder person complex' (ie: nursing home). Calm,  fitter, healthier and more productive...
B00000JCOV|5.0|If I was asked to explain Slipknot's music, I would say &quot;Take all the rage, hatred, violence, and pure aggression you've ever felt, multiply it by 100 and put it on stage and you have the best band that ever came from nowhere!&quot; Slipknot is 50 times harder than Pantera, Metallica, Limp  Bisquick, and Korn-nuts combined! The album is great, it's complex, it  pummels you to the ground and leaves you begging for more! This is one not  to be missed!
6302649943|5.0|the movie is excellent. i get chills just thinking about it. don't listen to people who say it was low budget. i'm sure Mr King would agree with me when i say that its low budget is what gives it its scare appeal. Mr King  was intelligent enough to keep his masterpiece out of Hollywood's  destructive hands. they'd probably turn it into a &quot;Scream 2 or  3&quot;, or WORSE &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; (barf! ). i  just love listening to people who say they weren't scared. (and for those  of you who are now saying this idiot han't even read the book, I HAVE  ! )
B00004KD1L|4.0|This album is very good, but go straight to Groove Armada's compilation album 'Back to Mine'. I bought it yesterday and I reckon it's the best. Mixing Barry White with Tribe Called Quest - Genius! Also keep your ears  peeled for that absolute nutter, Sir Raymond Mang's disco jamboree, 'Number  1'. Top banana.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I KNOW MANA HAS MADE A LOT OF CD'S BUT UNPLUGGED IS THE BEST THEY HAVE MADE, BECAUSE THE SONGS HAVE NEW RHYTHIMS AND FHER, AND HIS INCREDIBLE VOICE MADE THE SONGS VERY UNIQUE.EVERY SONG MAKE YOU WANT TO DANCE AND SING  AND START DOING CRAZY THINGS. i RECCOMEND TO ALL OF YOU :)
6305750750|2.0|Ah yes, the most hyped up movie of all time. 'A new Star Wars movie! ' The first of a new series of prequels to the classic Star Wars trilogy, PHANTOM MENACE hardly compares to the earlier movies in the series (Er,  later entries?) It has a dry but half decent story, but the characters...  ouch. Where to start.<br />Obi Wan Kenobi and Qui Gon Jin are easily the two  coolest, most well done characters in the whole film. Jar Jar Binks is  incredibly annoying as an alien thing, and all the other characters are  just plain dull. It seems as if the whole point of the movie was to cash in  on the Star Wars craze and make even more money. (Although many people will  say that George 'made it for the fans') I must say, the lightsabre battle  at the end was truely stunning. Too bad everything else in the movie  wasn't. There are far too many pointless, childish parts, and it's obvious  that George Lucas intended PHANTOM MENACE to be aimed at a younger  audience. It's still an entertaining movie, however, but hardly all it was  hyped up to be. Oh well. There's always episodes II and III.
630575067X|2.0|Why do critics say such nasty things like, &quot;Phantom Menace has a weak, convoluted plot&quot; or &quot;it lacks depth of characters,&quot; or &quot;it's visually busy, but paradoxically boring?&quot;  Don't they know  that this is but the first part of a huge merchandising campaign?  Don't  they understand that George Lucas has expanded from the first trilogy,  seeking new ground in saturation of subliminal toy advertisements in every  frame of the picture?<br /> Those who pan this movie should get a life!  Our  economy has been blessed with over 400 billion tons of Phantom Menace toys  and games, not to mention real cool candy.  And then there's Jar-Jar Binks.  &quot;Mesa knows you gonna go and buy de toys and stuff, ah dat for  sure!&quot;<br /> The original trilogy just didn't have the commerical  &quot;oomph&quot; behind it that this one does. What a wonderful  difference. Oh, so what if the plot dragged and the acting was horrible?   After viewing this wonderful film, I ran out and spent over half my college  savings on some really AWESOME Darth Maul fashion accesories. Thank you Mr.  Lucas -- you have restored my faith in filmakers as well as the artistic  integrity of today's movie audiences!
B000001FI7|5.0|I purchased Dummy after reading all of the glowing reviews, so my expectations were pretty high.  I was shocked by the depth of the feelings this CD produced.  It is an absolute gem.  I am pretty versed in the  &quot;Trip-Hop&quot; (I hate that name! btw) movement.  Getting started  with Massive and Tricky and then expanding into Morcheeba, Lamb, Hoover  etc.  I am actually kind of glad I waited to check out Portishead.  While I  highly recommend all of the aforementioned, Portishead seems a little  smarter to me.  A bit more on the edge.  Dummy combines supurb hooks with  pulverizing bass and incredible vocals.  If you like smart music, sounds  that inspire emotion and thought, Dummy is a must buy!  Enjoy.
6305499365|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when it came out, and it was great, but it's even better at home in the second and third viewings.  Mike Judge has created a work which taps into the real life of cubicle dwellers.  It looks  at office life with humor which works on many levels and satirizes those of  us who spend our lives as slaves to our jobs.
B00003W8NM|1.0|Most minorities have other things to worry about than &quot;boredom&quot; in American society.  Our everyday existence is a challenge so there's no way we get bored and have to form a fascist fight club to relieve the  boredom.  I'm reading a lot of reviews--probably by White guys--who say  they can't understand why more people don't appreciate or understand this  movie.  Why don't you look at it from a non-White guy point-of-view?  Most  minorities who I talk to are sick and tired of Hollywood making movies  about White guys and their insignificant problems--especially Fight Club,  American Beauty.  All throughout Fight Club, I felt like slapping Ed Norton  and saying, &quot;Snap out of it.  Get on with your life.  If you're so  bored--why don't you do some charity work or something useful.  That'll  make you feel better about yourself.&quot;  That's what Hollywood needs to  do--make films about bored White guys who help out at soup kitchens instead  of whining about their stupid problems.  Then I'll like the movie.
6303477259|5.0|Simply mindblowing...................... Where is the DVD? It would be a shame not to release this in DVD format.
B000035P5E|5.0|Loved this movie,, Sutherland did a fantastic, acting job in this thriller.
0671042858|5.0|I thought this book was very good. It made you feel like your were that little girl lost in the woods and you could relate to her. I loved the book and I am now reading Bag of Bones which is very good.
B00000K19E|5.0|Even the way in which the Village Roadshow logo appears at the beginning of the screening is good! Carrie Anne Moss starts the movie with a solid and heavy act, clearing her way through four groups of guys(agents)in suits  to jump from building to building. Seeing the making to the film on the DVD  and to know how the produced special effects of its kind does not at all  destroy the way I look at the movie at all. As much as I love the movie,  Keanu does slightly overact and Carrie Anne Moss goes a bit over the top  aswell. Laurence Fishbourne does an accurate job as 'Morphious' in what to  me is definately the best sci-fi film ever made(and the Star Wars films are  sci-fi)There is a storyline, although I must admit that it does drag on a  bit, but we are rewarded with more than expected special effects which in  its style has never been seen before in Hollywood(the world)The effects are  packed throughout the entire film in a very clever way. My personal  favourite is where Neo(Reeves)dodges bullets fired by an agent on the enemy  side to the Morpious team. The blockbuster has a fair soundtrack to go with  the film which contains extinct matrix tunes, which now you hear on  television commercials, movie trailors and on tv. Face it, we've never seen  anything like it before! The matrix will surely bring a lot of ideas into  the minds of new and future directors and scriptwriters. The sequel is  something to look forward to. The only worry I'm having now is that they  don't ruin the feeling with a bad sequel.
B00000IMCZ|4.0|If Stanley Kubrick had made propaganda films, &quot;Triumph of the Will&quot; would have been the result. Technically brilliant, visually stunning, this film documents a Nazi rally with all of the tools, tricks,  and art that film is capable of. If anyone had told me that I would ever  sit through a film about a Nazi rally and be entranced, I would have told  them that they were nuts. Like another film with a morally repugnant  message, Spike Lee's &quot;Do The Right Thing&quot;, the director here is  so talented that the film mesmerizes even as all moral reservations and  judgments are swept aside by a tidal wave of filmmaking brilliance. The  speeches can bog the film down (although I found the closeups of these  monsters of the reich speaking to be fascinating) but you can always  patiently wait until the next amazing visual. Despite Reifenstahl's  lifelong, failed attempt to distance herself from the Nazi's, it is clear  that this is a love letter to them (and perhaps even to Hitler as there was  always those rumours, weren't there, Leni?...). This is a history lesson, a  cinematic tour de force, a warning about the deceptive powers of film, and  one of the most important films ever made by the only woman filmmaker who  can be put in the pantheon of great filmmakers without any apology. How  interesting that the greatest woman filmmaker should have politics so  disgusting. A bomb thrown in the playground of simpleminded feminists who  usually assume a greater natural benevolence and humanity in women simply  because of their sex.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|THIS CD IS THE BEST CD IN THE WORLD.&quot;IF YOU HAD MY LOVE&quot; AND &quot;FEELIN' SO GOOD&quot; ARE THE BEST.I ALSO LIKE &quot;LET'S GET LOUD&quot; AND &quot;IT'S NOT THAT SERIOUS&quot;. GET THIS CD.YOU WON'T  REGRET IT.
B000009QO6|5.0|While later Danzig albums are certainly exceptional, the first one remains to this day my favorite album.  It isn't just one thing I love about this album either, Danzig's vocals are, as you may or may not know, spectacular,  and he excercises his talent to its fullest in this recording, also, the  guitar work is amazing, with very catchy riffs, and a tone that isn't too  distorted to understand.  I'll try not to make this review a particularly  long one, and I shall end it by saying please, do YOURSELF a favor and pick  up this wonderful title, you'll not be disappointed.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|THIS CD IS THE BEST CD IN THE WORLD.&quot;IF YOU HAD MY LOVE&quot; AND &quot;FEELIN' SO GOOD&quot; ARE THE BEST.I ALSO LIKE &quot;LET'S GET LOUD&quot; AND &quot;IT'S NOT THAT SERIOUS&quot;. GET THIS CD.YOU WON'T  REGRET IT.
B0000024JA|5.0|This amazing album is somewhat the underestimated by very few. If you have not heard of any of the Wu-Tang music/style, this will get you hooked first time, you like 36 chmabers, you may find this on the same path, but with  beefed up sampling(over).<br />Method Man produces greast tracks,  particularly, the duet with M.J.Blige, RElease yo Delf, and All I need...  In fact every track is a classic, and I can listen to this album all the  way thorugh and enjoy ever inch of it.<br />Man catches some deep lyrics with  clean cut dub and mixes them in to a warm dark haven that takes you to  another dimension. The heavy sampling and the charm of the high pitched  sprinkles of typical Wu-Tang Chamber tunes blend togethor well.<br />I would  recommend this album, if you love just one track, the rest will grow on you  I am sure.<br />Tical is THE album, it's a pity that the sequel wasn't as  good.
0553278355|5.0|Sylvia Plath paints a vivid portrait of a privileged life gone terribly wrong. The Bell Jar is a (somewhat)  autobiographical account of Plath's breakdown and depression. This novel gives you an intimate look at the  story behind the poetry. Somewhere along the way, this amazing author/poet  suffered a breakdown which sent her spiraling into a deep and rather dark  depression. The Bell Jar explains to readers, in almost desturbing detail,  Plath's story from her time at Smith  College to the various asylums in  which she was treated by such meathods as electroshock therapy. A definate  must-read for all Plath fans as well as anyone looking for someone to  relate to during difficult times. In relation to the controversy over the  novel and Plath's suicide, I must say that it only intregues the reader  more and inspires them to learn more about this inspirational author/poet.
B000009QPE|5.0|This cd ROCKS!  This is my first Slayer album, and they are already one of my favorite bands!  It kicks off with ferocious &quot;Angel of Death&quot; then woops you all the way to the final rain in &quot;Raining  Blood.&quot; Ok, go out an BUY THIS ALBUM!
B00000JCOV|5.0|i got this cd at circut city and it is good i guess. don't you people think that they scream too much? i think they do. i got this cd and that's what matters. i mean without this cd i couldn't hear this music. the best  song is spit it out. ok bye people you bums.
B00003CWPR|1.0|This was the second slowest movie we ever saw.  We will usually stick it out through most movies to get our money's worth, but my wife walked out within the first half hour.  Don't waste your money or time on it.  I  recognize that Kubrik is dead and it's a classic, yada yada yada, but a  slow film is still slow.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This was the first CD I had bought of Carlos Santana's and I have got to tell you, &quot;WOW!&quot;  This was so awesome, I have no idea where to begin.  The thing I liked most was the lyrics.  They really meant  something, instead of just going off endlessly like some other artists.
0312853238|5.0|I rarely ever read books, so when I picked up &quot;Ender's Game&quot; for a class assignment I was surprised at how deeply engrossed I became in the book I was and that it interested me at all. I am only 17 years old (a  junior in high school) and this is one of the biggest books I have ever  read, yet I understood it. I am glad that there is a book out there that  can fit every age range and be understood. I am not completely done with  the book yet, but I know that the end will be great. Thanks!   ~*~Kitty~*~
6300214710|5.0|In my mind, Pretty In Pink is the quintessential 80's movie! I remember seeing it in the theatre when I was 11, and I was hooked immediately. The acting is realistic (Molly Ringwald plays one of the best &quot;beautiful  outcast&quot;s I've ever seen, and Jon Cryer...well, he's gorgeously  lovelorn), and the screenwriting and directing are top-notch. This is one  of John Hughes' best films! If you love his other movies, you will  positively DIE for this one....<br />After 15 years, Pretty In Pink still  makes me swoon as much as it did when I was a kid. Funny and poignant from  beginning to end.
B000006FYP|5.0|BATMAN FOREVER (1995)<br /><br />  Warner Bros.<br /><br />  Release Date: June 9, 1995 (Westwood, California)(premiere)<br /><br />  June 13, 1995 (New York City, New York) (premiere)<br /><br />  Runtime: 122 minutes<br /><br />  Director:<br /><br />  Joel Schumacher<br /><br />  Producer by:<br /><br />  Peter Macgregor-Scott....producer<br /><br />  Benjamin Melniker....executive producer<br /><br />  Michael E. Uslan....executibve producer<br /><br />  Cast:<br /><br />  Val Kilmer....Bruce Wayne/Batman<br /><br />  Tommy Lee Jones....Harvey Dent/Two-Face<br /><br />  Jim Carrey....Edward Nygma/The Riddler<br /><br />  Nicole Kidman....Dr. Chase Meridian<br /><br />  Chris O'Donnell....Richard \\"Dick\\" Grayson/Robin<br /><br />  Michael Gough....Alfred Pennyworth<br /><br />  Pat Hingle....Commissioner Gordon<br /><br />  Drew Barrymore....Sugar<br /><br />  Debi Mazar....Spice<br /><br />  PLOT SUMMARY:<br /><br />  Bruce (Batman)Wayne is effectively brooding as he ponders strange dreams about his parents' death and escapes his own near-demise at the hands of Two-Face, a former District Attorney driven insane and turned into a master criminal when a gangster throws acid in his face. Meanwhile, as sexy psyschologist Chase Meridian tries to analyze and sedcue BOTH Bruce Wayne and Batman, Wayne Enterprises employee Edward Nygma reacts badly to getting fired, using his self-invented mind-energy device to transform into the super-intelligent Riddler. The Riddler teams up with Two-Face to bring down Batman and drain the minds of Gotham City residents with his device, while Batman gets some much need help in the form of circus performer Dick Grayson, out for vengeance after being orphaned by Two-Face.<br /><br />  Trivia(from imdb.com):(1)Dick Grayson suggests \\"Nightwing\\" for a hero name. An in-joke for the comic books, where Dick Grayson now appears as Nightwing, an identity he took after he abandoned the Robin costume in the 1980's.(2)At one moment, to Batman's surprise, Robin eclaims: \\"Holy rusted metal, Batman!\\", then explaining: \\"The ground, it's all metal. It's full of holes. You know, holy\\" - a key reference to the 1966-68 Batman TV series where Robin would yell his trademark exclamations of surprise.<br /><br />(3)The design of the Flying Graysons' costumes was a reference to the red, yellow, and green spandex that Robin wears currently in the comic books.(4)Elizabeth Sanders, who plays Gossip Gerty, is the widow of Bob Kane, the man who created the Batman character.identity he took after he abandoned the Robin costume in the 1980's.(2)At one moment, to Batman's surprise, Robin eclaims: \\"Holy rusted metal, Batman!\\", then explaining: \\"The ground, it's all metal. It's full of holes. You know, holy\\" - a key reference to the 1966-68 Batman TV series where Robin would yell his trademark exclamations of surprise. <br />(3)The design of the Flying Graysons' costumes was a reference to the red, yellow, and green spandex that Robin wears currently in the comic books.(4)Elizabeth Sanders, who plays Gossip Gerty, is the widow of Bob Kane, the man who created the Batman character.
B00002EPJH|5.0|It's dark outside and you're lonely.  More than that, it seems you've been alone forever.  You miss him/her and can't imagine what went wrong.  You pour yourself a drink and think of choosing an appropriate soundtrack for  your sorrow, a melody of the night.  Here's some advise from someone who's  been there: Keith Jarrett's &quot;The Melody At Night, With You&quot;.   After listening to Jarrett play your heartstrings with such elegance and  passion, you'll either go running back to him/her or begin to feel you were  right after all and he/she doesn't have a clue what it's all about.
6301562143|5.0|BATMAN (1989)<br /><br />  Warner Bros.<br /><br />  Release Date: June 19, 1989 (Westwood, California) (premiere)<br /><br />  June 23, 1989 (USA)<br /><br />  Runtime: 126 minutes<br /><br />  CAST:<br /><br />  Michael Keaton....Bruce Wayne/Batman<br /><br />  Jack Nicholson....Jack Napier/Joker<br /><br />  Kim Basinger....Vicki Vale<br /><br />  Robert Wuhl....Alexander Knox<br /><br />  Pat Hingle....Commissioner Gordon<br /><br />  Billy Dee Williams....Harvey Dent<br /><br />  Michael Gough....Alfred<br /><br />  Jack Palance....Grissom<br /><br />  Jerry Hall....Alicia<br /><br />  Tracey Walter....Bob the Goon<br /><br />  Lee Wallace....Mayor<br /><br />  William Hootkins....Eckhardt<br /><br />  PLOT SUMMARY:<br /><br />  As metropolitan Gotham approches its 200th Anniversary, the powers that be fear that the high level of criminal activity will deter citizens from attending the celebrations. Gotham's mayor tasks district attorney Harvey Dent with finding a way to make the city safe again, in hopes of revitalizing local business. Dent, in turn, targets notorious, well-known mob boss Carl Grissom, who is believed to sponsor most of the criminal activity within Gotham and who is known to be paying off a significant part of the police force.<br /><br />  Gotham, meanwhile, is slowly starting to take notice of a dark vigilante dressed in a bat costume that has started to prey on criminals during the night. The movie actually opens on a lost family that gets robbed by two hoodlums. Batman confronts the two thieves and instructs one of them to tell all his friends about him. Newspaper reporter Alexander Knox is on the scene after Batman disappears, but his questions are deflected by skeptical cops, nameley Lt. Eckhardt, who is one of many police offers on take from Grissom. Eckhardt is paid off in a back alley near the crime scene by Jack Napier, Grissom's second in command, who is both intelligent and erratic - leading Eckhardt to call him \\"nuts\\". (In fact, Napier has very psychopathic and strange tendencies, such as carrying around a \\"lucky deck\\" of cards, which, of course, includes a joker.)<br /><br />  When Grissom discovers that his girlfriend is cheating on him with Napier, he sends Napier out on a job to Axis Chemicals with the intention of Napier being discovered and killed by police, who he has tipped off to the job. Eckhardt and police arrive at Axis and begin a shootout with Napier and his goons. Unbeknowst to both, Batman is there to personally apprehend Napier - but must release him when a hostage (Police Commissioner Gordon) is held at gunpoint. Soon after, Napier kills Eckhardt. Later in the scene, Batman again tries to apprehend Napier, but a gunshot ricochet hits Napier in the face. Napier falls over a railing and is caught at the last moment by Batman, as Napier hovers above a vat of dangerous chemicals. Batman's grip slips and Napier falls into the vat, presumably dead. Batman escapes the scene.<br /><br />  Batman, as we discover, is actually billionaire industrialist Bruce Wayne, an orphaned businessman who lives along in the large mansion Wayne Manor, with only his trustworthy butler Alfred to accompany him and help him in his double life. Bruce quickly falls for photojournalist Vicki Vale, who has recently arrived in town to cover the \\"Bat Man phenomenon\\" and has attracted Knox's attention as well. Bruce is successful in courting Vale, and the two spend a passionate night together in the mansion.<br /><br />  Meanwhile, Napier pulls himself from a local river where Axis's pipes drain. Obviously wounded but unsure of what happened, he visits a backalley surgeon, who does what he can to help Napier but is honest in his evaluation: \\"You have to understand that the nerves were completely severed, Mr. Napier.\\" Napier sees his new disfigured reflection in a mirror (while the audience does not), and, at that moment, goes off the deep end. He confronts Grissom, who thinks him dead, revealing his new appearance, with eerie white skin, green hair and a permanent grin. Referring himself as the Joker, he claims \\"Jack is dead\\" then shoots Grissom and vows to take attention away from Batman with his \\"plans\\" for Gotham.<br /><br />  The Joker begins to overtake the underworld, while Gotham is unsure what to think of him or Batman. The Joker's plan, and a successful one in that, is to use his knowledge of chemistry to create hygiene products that are dangerous when mixed. His plan begins to grapple the city with fear. The Joker then crashes in on the Gotham Museum of Art and tries to entice Vicki Vale to join him romantically, as he saw her in a photograph and was immediately smitten. Batman arrives and saves Vicki, and then explains to her how the Joker is poisoning people through combinations of products. Vicki is unsure of what to think, as many still believe Batman himself to be frightening and just as dangerous as the Joker. Dismissing her worries, he calls the Joker \\"psychotic\\" and renders her unconscious then drops her back off safely at home. At home, she is then confronted by Bruce, unaware that he just saved her life. She is upset at him for various reasons but the two are interrupted by a visit from the Joker, who is intrigued by being face-to-face with billionaire Bruce Wayne. After Bruce challenges the Joker to a stand-up fight, the Joker pulls a gun and asks: \\"Tell me something, friend. Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?\\" He then shoots Wayne dead. The Joker then leaves amid his own hoopla, and Vicki is shocked to see that Bruce is suddenly nowhere to be found, apparently using a metal platter as a bulletproof vest, as he anticipated the Joker would shoot him.<br /><br />  What Bruce has discovered is that the Joker is actually Jack Napier, and that he is also the man who murdered his parents many, many years ago in Gotham. The final clue was that his parents' murderer said the same phrase to him as the Joker said in Vick's apartment (\\"Ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?\\") While grappling with this fact, he is schocked to learn that Alfred has brought Vicki to the Batcave, as he is tired of Bruce's secrecy around her.<br /><br />  The Joker decides to pull a huge stunt, hosting his own nighttime parade and throwing free money out to the crowd. Vicki is there to photograph the pandemonium. In the middle of his generosity, however, the Joker begins to gas the crowd and kill dozens of people - while his thug associates are unharmed because of their gas masks. Batman shows up flying his bat-shaped jet and lifts the parade balloons away - as they are the source of the gas. Furious, the Joker shoots and kills his number one thug, Bob, then baits Batman into attacking him, but manages to shoot down the jet with a powerful gun. Vicki approaches the downed jet, where Batman appears to be dead. The Joker finds her and leads her into Gotham Cathedral at gunpoint, where the two begin to climb the many treacherous flights of stairs to the top, where the Joker plans on being rescued via helicopter by his thugs. Batman is not dead, however, and starts to follow them, though he is obviously wounded and dazed from the violent crash. Despite some challenges, Batman manages to finally confront the Joker mono a mono in the belfry and attack him. The two then angrily explain how the created each other and were, therefore, to blame.<br /><br />  Batman: \\"I'm going to kill you.\\" Joker: \\"You IDIOT. You made me, remember? You dropped me into that vat of chemicals. That wasn't an easy thing to get over, and don't think I didn't try.\\" Batman: \\"I know you did.\\" (throws him) Batman: \\"I made you? You made me first.\\" Joker: \\"What are you talking about?\\" Batman: \\"You killed my parents.\\"<br /><br />  The Joker uses a moment of oppurtunity and pushes both Batman and Vicki off the belfry, where they cling to the ledge for their lives. The Joker's helicopter appears and he grabs a hold of a dangling ladder. Batman shoots a wire around the Joker's leg, then connects the wire to a stone gargoyle on the ledge. As the Joker is lifted away, his attached wire pulls the gargoyle loose and then causes him to fall to his death. Batman saves Vicki once again at the end, and the two are peaceful in each other's embrace. As the movie ends, Commissioner Gordon says that Batman has given the city a signal (the Batsignal) to contact him when need be.<br /><br />  Trivia:(1)Adam West (the star of the TV series \\"Batman\\") wanted to play Batman, but Michael Keaton was given the role after getting the nod from Bob Kane, the creator of the original Batman comic strip.(2)In the film, Jack Napier, aka the Joker, is the murderer of Batman's parents. In the comics, the murderer is a character named Joe Chill.(3)It is claimed that Adam West was offered a cameo as Bruce Wayne's father but turned it down, though West denies being offered the part.Vick's apartment (\\"Ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?\\") While grappling with this fact, he is schocked to learn that Alfred has brought Vicki to the Batcave, as he is tired of Bruce's secrecy around her. <br /> <br />  The Joker decides to pull a huge stunt, hosting his own nighttime parade and throwing free money out to the crowd. Vicki is there to photograph the pandemonium. In the middle of his generosity, however, the Joker begins to gas the crowd and kill dozens of people - while his thug associates are unharmed because of their gas masks. Batman shows up flying his bat-shaped jet and lifts the parade balloons away - as they are the source of the gas. Furious, the Joker shoots and kills his number one thug, Bob, then baits Batman into attacking him, but manages to shoot down the jet with a powerful gun. Vicki approaches the downed jet, where Batman appears to be dead. The Joker finds her and leads her into Gotham Cathedral at gunpoint, where the two begin to climb the many treacherous flights of stairs to the top, where the Joker plans on being rescued via helicopter by his thugs. Batman is not dead, however, and starts to follow them, though he is obviously wounded and dazed from the violent crash. Despite some challenges, Batman manages to finally confront the Joker mono a mono in the belfry and attack him. The two then angrily explain how the created each other and were, therefore, to blame. <br /> <br />  Batman: \\"I'm going to kill you.\\" Joker: \\"You IDIOT. You made me, remember? You dropped me into that vat of chemicals. That wasn't an easy thing to get over, and don't think I didn't try.\\" Batman: \\"I know you did.\\" (throws him) Batman: \\"I made you? You made me first.\\" Joker: \\"What are you talking about?\\" Batman: \\"You killed my parents.\\" <br /> <br />  The Joker uses a moment of oppurtunity and pushes both Batman and Vicki off the belfry, where they cling to the ledge for their lives. The Joker's helicopter appears and he grabs a hold of a dangling ladder. Batman shoots a wire around the Joker's leg, then connects the wire to a stone gargoyle on the ledge. As the Joker is lifted away, his attached wire pulls the gargoyle loose and then causes him to fall to his death. Batman saves Vicki once again at the end, and the two are peaceful in each other's embrace. As the movie ends, Commissioner Gordon says that Batman has given the city a signal (the Batsignal) to contact him when need be. <br /> <br />  Trivia:(1)Adam West (the star of the TV series \\"Batman\\") wanted to play Batman, but Michael Keaton was given the role after getting the nod from Bob Kane, the creator of the original Batman comic strip.(2)In the film, Jack Napier, aka the Joker, is the murderer of Batman's parents. In the comics, the murderer is a character named Joe Chill.(3)It is claimed that Adam West was offered a cameo as Bruce Wayne's father but turned it down, though West denies being offered the part. <br />
630512762X|5.0|This is without a doubt the best action movie I have ever seen, filled with outrageous plots and death-defying action, it is difficult to watch this movie over and over because it is so much of a thrill-ride!   I love  it!
B000005PRX|5.0|BATMAN RETURNS (1992)<br /><br />  Warner Bros.<br /><br />  Release Date: June 16, 1992 (Hollywood, California) (premiere)<br /><br />  June 19, 1992 (USA)<br /><br />  Runtime: 126<br /><br />  Producer and Director:<br /><br />  Tim Burton<br /><br />  Cast:<br /><br />Michael Keaton....Bruce Wayne/Batman<br /><br />Danny De Vito....Oswald Cobblepot/Penguin<br /><br />Michelle Pfeiffer....Selina Kyle/Catwoman<br /><br />Christopher Walken....Max Shreck<br /><br />Michael Gough....Alfred Pennyworth<br /><br />Michael Murphy....The Mayor<br /><br />Cristi Conaway....Ice Princess<br /><br />Andrew Bryniarski....Charles 'Chip' Shreck<br /><br />Pat Hingle....Commissioner James W. Gordon<br /><br />  Plot Summary:<br /><br />  In this first sequel to 1989's \\"BATMAN\\", the Caped Crusader is up against the Penguin, the hideously deformed scion of a wealthy Gotham City family. The Penguin plots with evil businessman Max Shreck to become mayor and then turn Gotham into a cathedral of crime. Upon overhearing these plans, Shreck's mousy secretary Selina Kyle is tossed from a high-rise window by her boss. Rescued by a covey of kittens, Selina transforms into the leather-clad Catwoman. In this guise, she teams with the Penguin and Shreck to divvy up their ill-gotten gains and help discredit Batman. But she also has her own scores to settle. Paul (Pee-Wee Herman)Reubens, Vincent Shiavelli, and Jan Hooks play significant bits, while Pat Hingle and Michael Gough make returns as, respectively, Commissioner Gordon and Alfred Pennyworth.
6305181772|1.0|This movie broke down on numerous occasions into the realm of the unbelievable.  Even fantasy and sci-fi movies present ideas and events in a way that the audience can accept as logical for the story.  But Mission  Impossible contains scenes that are stupid, illogical, unnecessary, and  unrealistic.<br />Why would a man who is a genius and the mastermind of the MI  Force betray his country and his friends for a mere million dollars when he  could easily obtain it legally?  Why would this man turn his back on his  enemy to kill his friend? How could a man survive a helicopter explosion  while traveling at high speed in a tunnel?<br />This is not just a bad movie,  it is an insult to all fans of the TV series. Obviously the producers did  not care about that.  They are only after a quick buck from the name  recognition.  This is SHAMEFUL!
B000007T2Z|5.0|what else is there to say. People from all backgrounds, and all areas of life will enjoy this release. Whether your a fan of hardcore/heavy metal music, or a fan of classical pieces, you WILL be a fan of GYBE!
B00000JCOV|3.0|Just seen these live and it reinforcecd my opinion on them. The musics great but the band are riding on an ego trip, they're milking the `we hate money and fame' line for everything its worth.... while making money and  getting  pretty famous.  Slipknot are getting big and they're starting  to take metal into the wider world which is a FANTASTIC achievement!  Problem is they're not exactly helping break down the stereotyped image  metal has. Korn made a far better job and showed the creativity that exists  within metal... Slipknot now have the chance to carry that flag but they're  presenting an outdated negative brutal portrayal of metal. Metal has come a  long way through the 90's and presented a massive variation of creativity  and kicked up some great bands. Fear Factory, Coal Chamber, Machine Head  and all the rest have done a lot for a fantastic genre and smiled through  it and presented a great image to the world... in my mind Slipknot are  bumming that up and draggingmetal back again using crude shock tactics to  make themselves known. Mind you, made the concert more fun.  I just  wish they'd shut the hell up and play the the great music they're capable  of. `Wait &amp; Bleed' and `Spit It Out' are recommended listening.   Quote from Slipknot interview : &quot;We refuse to take our masks off for  money or publicity&quot;. Um, guys - its because you're wearing masks that  you're getting money and publicity.
B000000H7I|5.0|For a first full-length release, I don't think it has ever been better, for any band, in any genre of music, in history.  That is an objective fact.  Suffocation, with &quot;Effigy of the Forgotten&quot;, basically  solidified their place in metal history with this insane, brutal, beautiful  work.  To begin with, Frank's vocals on here are his absolute best; they  function as a 5th instrument, and are simply amazing.  The guitar work of  Hobbs and Cerrito is, as always, superb; they have a distinctive writing  style that is evident on some of Cerrito's writing for Hate Eternal.  Here,  it is killer.  Mike Smith, as a drummer, is possibly the most precise,  tight, skilled percussionist I have ever had the pleasure to hear.  His  mastery of the double bass intricacies results in a fluid, almost organic  display of drumming prowess on this album.  This may sound overly flowery,  but it is deserving.  You will not find a better example of beautifully  crafted brutality ever again.  Not even Nile and Cryptopsy can touch this  one.  Do yourself a favor, and buy it.
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is well worth getting. This CD has much more depth than other CD's And it really has meaning. Eminem rules in this CD. My personal favorites are Forgot About DRE and Time 4 Porn
044022165X|4.0|The Rainmaker is a good book that deals with real life struggles.  This book is about a young law student (Rudy Baylor)who has a good job right out  of law school.  Two weeks bfefore the Bar Exam   , though, he finds out his  job is no longer there.   The book shows him struggling out of Law School,  and geting a job for a sleazy lawyer.  He eventually starts his own  practice, having only one client.  What he doesn't know is this client will  make him the bigest rainmeaker in history.  He takes the case to court,and  at the end of the trial he gets a verdict for $50 million!  This book shows  that hard work and struggle eventually pay off.
B0000067L2|5.0|Well, my dad has some &quot;Best of Eric Clapton&quot; CD, and it has a couple of Cream songs on it. Just on a whim, I listened to them and at once fell in love with the band. However I HATE compilations, so I went out and  bought this record. It's a classic. Every tune is great. To those of you  who said you didn't like Mother's Lament, no offense, but please, get  yourself a sense of humor. It wasn't meant to be &quot;good music&quot;;  anyone can tell they're just having some fun. I think it's hilarious. Well  anyway, I highly recommend this. For me, it's right up there with the  Beatles (and that's saying a lot!)
0201485672|5.0|Learn how to improve your code using 73 refactorings. Sixty seven percent (49/73) of the refactorings are specific to object-oriented languages such as Java, C++, and Smalltalk. Refactoring promotes a healthy approach to  maintenance programming. &quot;When you find you have to add a feature to a  program, and the program's code is not structured in a convenient way to  add the feature, first refactor the program to make it easy to add the  feature, then add the feature.&quot; Fowler's systematic approach and  insistence on regression tests insures that each refactoring will not break  any existing code. The constant application of appropriate refactoring  results in reliable and clear source code. Some refactorings are opposite  pairs such as &quot;Add parameter&quot;, &quot;Remove parameter&quot; and  &quot;Replace Delegation with Inheritance&quot;, &quot;Replace Inheritance  with Delegation&quot;. A refactoring may have significant downsides, for  example &quot;Preserve Whole Object&quot; increases coupling and  &quot;Replace Temp with Query&quot; decreases performance.
B000007OY0|5.0|As a female, I try to remain objective about Hollywood's masculine propensities. However, this film was so beautiful that I didn't even care that the women were incidental to the plot and were either cheaters or  pin-ups. <br />It is one of the 5 finest films I've ever seen in my life.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Hmm. I dunno. `Nookie' and `Break Stuff' are great but I've been listening to the rest of the album for some time and its failing to hit me g-spot. Limp Bizkit don't seem to have a style set  in concrete, they vary - which  is fine but the whole hip-hop and rap element to a lot of their stuff makes  my interest pretty shortlived. But then if thats what turns you on its for  you, metal with elements of other genres. Damn good idea - but for me a bit  of raging Machine Head puts me more in the mood.
0767827791|4.0|A very stylish retelling of the Willaim Inge play.<br />Holden and Novak and a wonderful supporting cast made this film a big hit. Photographed by James Wong Howe and therefore must be seen on DVD! <br />Moonglow and Theme from  &quot;Picnic&quot; freezes everything in time..and although certain aspects  of this film are dated..the story and structure are truly eternal.<br />The  final LONG SHOT of the train ..Holden and Novak ...melded together by  Dunning and Stoloff.s music  is quite stunning.
B000002H33|5.0|Wowsers, what an album. Metallica when they were at their best (my opinion), an awesome demonstartion of metal oozing passion and talent. The speed and rage of `Battery' will have you out of your armchair and the  beautiful instrumental `Orion' will have you relaxed back in it again. And  the title track `Master of Puppets' just shows why Metallica are the kings  of metal, well paced, furious and also calm when required. Metals developed  a long way since this but there's something about the raw nature of early  Metallica which out shines the rest to make `em the best. Fans of modern  nu-metal and all that is industrial should enjoy this, and also recommended  is the predecessor album `Ride the Lightning'... which I haven't quite  finished listening to yet.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is a badly needed breath of fresh air in the stagnant stink pile  that is modern music.  It's nice to see a more hardcore, metal band gaining  popularity.  The vocals do get a little tedious, but it's made up for by  the great music.  I highly reccomend this CD.
B0000027RL|5.0|I think everybody who listens to music,on a regular basis has that one CD that touches them intimately,like no other,such that whenever they Hear this special music playing,in their minds they start to instanteously come  alive and feel an incredible sense of connection,to whats being offered  ,With &quot;Ten&quot;,as soon as I begin listening to it,it's as if I'm  being carried away to a majical  place where I can feel intense passion and  Unrestrained emotion,by just listening,To me,it's just like  when you're  young and you realy begin to get caught up in a realy good fairy tale  story,and even though maybe some part of you is aware that what's being  described isn't actually happening, it's as if the part of you that  dreams,and wonders,and feels...Fascinated  with all of Life's beauty,MUST  have this experience,to the point where you can blur the lines of reality,  and open your mind to what is possible,Now,even though you really should'nt  find yourself imagining that THIS IS THE TRUTH,it's like once you begin to  contemplate and recognize just what all it is that's really sacred and  irreplacible to you,at this point in time,and at this moment you're  alive,you begin to  enjoy and look forward to hearing and appeciating the  music,that much more,Now,with &quot;Ten&quot;,I think that this is  Especially true,But you'll never know until you get it yourself.
B000002HNR|5.0|Now I'm not gonna say something witty or anything, but this cd is awesome  if you truly like the doors.  It is Morrison when he is truly at his peak.   He even shares his &quot;experiences&quot; for you.  I would recommend this  one more than other live cd's which are good.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix really makes you think, cool special effects coupled with good acting make this movie unbeatable. A MUST watch for all
B00000IKSC|5.0|This was a wonderful video!  I've watched it many times! I never get tired of it! It is definitely worth the money! They sing all their hits plus each guy sings a solo and it's just a great! I would say every true bsb fan  should have this video!
6305132984|5.0|One of the best movies ever.
0802130208|5.0|When I first saw the cover of this paperback in a Georgetown, DC, bookshop a few years ago, I was hesitant to buy it.  Simply put, the cover is goofy, and does not do this masterpiece any justice.  I am so grateful that I  ignored my initial instinct, as I don't remember ever reading a funnier  book in the English language than the late John Kennedy Toole's life  achievement, nor is there a more memorable character in American literature  than I. J. Reilly.  The work deserves a 6 star rating!  &quot;A Confederacy  of Dunces&quot; is more than just incredibly funny, however.  It is  unusually poignant, gut-wrenchingly sad, and an admirable observation piece  on a rather decadent and seemingly lost segment of our society sitting at  the mouth of the Mississippi River.  I have visited New Orleans three times  since 1994 for varied reasons, and the city apparently has not changed in  the least since Mr. Toole's late 1960s rendition.  His characters continue  to stroll and struggle along Bourbon Street and Canal Street, and their  troubled spirits infuse every alley and cave of the French Quarter.  Just  like the district surrounding St. Peter's Square in the city of jazz,  Ignatius J. Reilly is out of step with the rest of America.  In spite of  his repulsive and grossly comical physical presence, he believes in  aesthetics and real meaning, in what he perceives to be the truth.  For  this reason, he is a true literary hero, like Don Quixote, Cyrano de  Bergerac and the Good Soldier Schweik before him.     One final note:  before you buy this book, think about cancelling all your appointments and  engagements for the two or three days that follow.  They, along with eating  and sleeping, undoubtedly will be totally neglected until you finish this  400 page tour de farce.
B000001DWG|5.0|The only disappointing thing about this collection is that this small but authoratative compilation of various album songs, demos, and soundtrack work is all that remains of what could have been a truly, truly amazing  band.<br />But for what's here, this is truly a masterpiece. Thankfully the  person(s) in charge of putting this comp. together managed to squeeze every  drop of music possible in, clocking in at some 75 minutes long. Some of the  songs (&quot;This Is Shangrila&quot;) jump right out at you in a riffing,  cocky way, while others (&quot;Bone China,&quot; &quot;Stargazer&quot;)  take a few listens to really assimilate as beautiful. The stand-out song is  definitely &quot;Stardog Champion,&quot; the feel and power and subdued  grace stand out brilliantly among the other fantastic songs.<br />But,  unfortunately, the tragic death of Andy Wood trainwrecked the wonder of  Mother Love Bone. However, through his death he gave birth to two of the  most powerfully brilliant bands of our time: the Temple Of The Dog project  (Chris Cornell, Eddie Vedder, Mike McCready, Stone Gossard, Jeff Ament  &amp; Matt Cameron) and Pearl Jam (Eddie Vedder, Mike McCready, Stone  Gossard, Jeff Ament &amp; Dave Krusen, Dave Abbruzzese, Jack Irons and now  Matt Cameron). The Temple Of The Dog project, an outlet for Cornell's  sorrow, brought some of the most moving music I've ever heard in my life to  the forefront of the music scene, and Pearl Jam obviously still thunders on  to this day.<br />You have to wonder while you're listening to this that, had  Andy Wood lived, would there even have ever been a Pearl Jam? And, if there  weren't, would that be so bad, so long as Mother Love Bone was still  around?
B00003CXC7|4.0|One of the joys of Alfred Hitchcock films is his ability to take social taboos, present them in an enticing context, throw in major stars we know and love to perform them, and thus make abhorrent behavior seem attractive!  'Vertigo' is the best-known example of this Hitchcock trait ('Psycho' also  comes to mind), but 'Rear Window' is the most fun to watch, because of the  appealing combination of James Stewart and Grace Kelly!<br />Stewart is a  photographer, laid-up while recuperating from an accident (cleverly shown  through photographs in his studio), who, out of boredom, begins spying on  his neighbors. Jimmy Stewart a 'Peeping Tom'? Only Hitchcock could get away  with this!<br />Of course, Kelly, as his high fashion model girlfriend, and  Thelma Ritter (who is fabulous as his nurse), are appalled by Stewart's  behavior, but are drawn into voyeurism by Stewart's devotion to it,  particularly after he witnesses an apparent murder (committed by Raymond  Burr, in one of the most wonderfully EVIL roles of his career!)<br />The film  takes on a cat-and-mouse intensity, as Stewart attempts to prove Burr's  guilt to his skeptical policeman buddy (nicely played by Wendell Corey). To  add a touch of sexual foreplay to the proceedings, Kelly models a variety  of '50s evening and nightwear, while teasing the injury-constrained Stewart  (&quot;Previews of Coming Attractions&quot;, she purrs). All this leads up  to a fabulous, claustrophobic finale, with camera flashes, and a twist  ending that is pure Hitchcock magic!<br />The restoration of the film gives  the movie a clarity and modern 'feel' that viewers will love!<br />Watch this  'new and improved' edition, and see why 'Rear Window' is one of the most  popular Hitchcock films!
B00003CWL6|1.0|I wasted two hours and $6 one afternoon when I went to see American Beauty. I rated the movie 1 star because that was the lowest rating I could choose. The characters were all beautiful to look at. But they treated each  other with such coldness and callousness that I found myself wondering how  they became a family in the first place. What happened to movies that  celebrated life as a family? Are there no couples who positively and  effectively communicate and stay faithful to produce movies about? Do we  not care that children want to see their parents dead? Do we not care when  a friend attempts to seduce the parent of her best friend. Is it now  acceptable for neighbors to share pot (illegal though it is)or buy it from  each other? I found no redeeming features to this movie. I have enjoyed  Annette Benning and Kevin Spacey in other movies, but I am disappointed in  this case. And I am worried about what this country has come to that we  call such themes &quot;entertainment&quot;.
B000002MP2|5.0|I remember being in middle school when this one came out. The album might have not ment as much then as it does now. You will probly be able to relate to most, if not all of the songs in one way or anouther. Buy it!  There's not one lame song on this c.d. And theres even a hidden song. So  what are you waiting for?
044100590X|5.0|I thought Dune was a masterpiece.  No other books can compare with it.  I have read as much of the series as is currently out.  All of the books are great and if you haven't read them yet, DO IT NOW!  You will not be  disappointed.
B000002UDB|5.0|Strangely this is viewed by some as one of the fab's weaker album's and maybe it is when compared to the conceptual cohesivesness of some others but...MY goodness Penny Lane, Strawberry Fields, All You Need is Love  (musically simple but thematically a rip tide).  The Beatles were always a  litlle bit silly, musical Marx Brothers, blah, blah, blah, if you don't  like that element of them you generally don't like them at all and  ostensibly trance out to a diet of harder, darker music.  Even if only for  &quot;Walrus&quot; this album is great, if not &quot;classic&quot; by  Beatles standards.
0783235615|4.0|O.K., Frederick Stafford and John Forsythe starring like salesmen and the leading ladys Claude Jade and Dany Robin are too worried, but it's very ironic to see some decades later the cold war and the agent's family. Also  in the new version of the movie, since Hitchcock's 100th birthday, when  Piccoli goes to Moscow and his counter-part Stafford says &quot;Yes, that's  the end of Topaz&quot;. Or like young Claude Jade says: &quot;o I love the  cubans, they are so wild!&quot;
B000002MTU|4.0|Mushman again.  Saw some more of my bretherns comments and just remembered, forget the singing Eric was never a blues singer but a &quot;bluesy&quot; singer.  Ya dig?  The man practically invented the  blues/rock genre and he'll always be stuck with that a little.  Relatively  obscure, unique artists active today like R.L. Burnside are truer to the  Blues than old EC.  But then again maybe not--who the hell am I to say.   The man loves the music and that shows here and he plays his a** off.   Maybe he's not Jimmie Rodgers with Muddy or Hubert Sumlin with Wolf but  hey, that's life. And if you don't know the cats I'm talking about and only  know EC then you do make me feel bad for defending him and you shouldn't be  reading these reviews or listening to this music.  Dammit, let's see some  ID.
0201633612|5.0|Heavy reading out of context, but fulfilling nonetheless. Not for the cover-to-cover reader.<br />I would recommend browsing through it once, to get exposure to what it contains, and then to refer to it whenever you see a  situation that you think you can apply one of the patterns to.<br />If, like  me, you have migrated to design and analasys from a hands-on programming  background, and lack the professional education - this is the only book you  will need.
B000002MTU|4.0|I've seen Clapton perform this music live and he and his musicians are a sonic wonder.  Clearly EC is not the &quot;source&quot; for blues but with the vast amount of music this century being blues derived why can't we  enjoy this noble effort for what it is, kinda' like Sinatra singing  &quot;Jazz.&quot;  My stadards are Robert Johnson, Son House, Muddy and  their peers but this CD still gets to me.  My personal highlight is  &quot;Third Degree&quot; where Slowhand takes it down a notch.
0441172717|5.0|I am an Asimov fan, but a friend recommended this book to me. I read it and found myself going back and forth from the library until I was done with the sixth book, CHAPTERHOUSE: DUNE. DUNE is action packed and opens up  another scifi universe that is equally complex and eye opening...a book  that will keep you up until 3 am on the weekend finishing it.
0780625129|5.0|I don't know how else to say it.  This film left me numb and speechless.  It's a real thinker.  I dare say that the graphic violence in this film was necessary to convey the REALITY of racism, violence and hate in this world.   Edward Norton was unbelievably good in this.  Edward Furlong never ceases  to amaze me.  Trust me; you need to see this film.  Show it to your  children when they're old enough to understand and process this stuff.  It  happens every day.
0441172717|5.0|I am an Asimov fan but I was reccommended this book. I tried reading it and found myself going back and forth from the liabrary untill I was done with Chapterhouse: Dune, the sixth book. It is action packed and opens up  another scifi universe that is equally complex and eye opening...a book  that will keep you up untill 3 am on the weekend finishing
B00000IAU3|5.0|I have never heard of Dido before I heard one of her songs at a friends,  and I just got addicted to it, I had to get the CD and it's one of my  favorite ones, and if you can see her live GOT FOR IT, she's great and  she's very friendly too.But anyways the CD is just terrific each song is  better than the other. You know what, just listen to the samples and you'll  see what I'm talking about!! GO GET IT !!!
0684872153|4.0|&quot;In prayer of Jesus, Mary, and the Holy Toast,&quot; is one of the many mixed up sayings by Frank McCourt in his memoir Angela's Ashes.  My mother started to read this book and insisted that I should read it too.  I  was not in the mood for a boring, whinning memoir.  As more hype grew  around the book, I couldn't help but be curious and finally I read it after  seeing the movie.  I ended up reading one of the best books I have ever  read.      The book is about his life story from how his parents met to his  life changing decision at nineteen.  The majority of the book takes place  in Limerick Ireland where the sun never shines, people die of the  consumption, and fleas eating you alive are the least of your worries.  His  father drinks all the dole money away so his family is always dying of  starvation.  Above all to make his life even more miserable, he is an Irish  Catholic in the &quot;holiest city in Ireland.&quot;      The best part of  the book is how it is told from a child's point of view. It's like being  four years old all over again and seeing your first movie.  Some parts of  the book did drag on a little bit and were slightly depressing.  Still,  overall I really liked the book and would recmmend it to anyone who wants  to read a twisted classic about life in poverty.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is absolutely wonderful, sorry I mean SUPERNATURAL !! I really  love it you have to get that CD now !! If you love the sound of a crying  guitar with some Latin beats then this is your CD! If you loved SMOOTH and  MARIA MARIA then you will love SUPERNATURAL, I guarantee it!!!!
079213690X|5.0|I must admit this movie is an exceptional movie and even tho may not be something to get a history lesson on it, one worth watching. I notice a lot of people who seem to say this movie is racist againt the english and this  and that. That is because they do not know what they watch or know what  happened. True, as with the telephone game, where you say one thing at the  beginning and when it reaches the 20th person of such, it has changed quite  a bit, and thus is a lot of history information that we read and learn  daily in schools. In this message and a few others (Hopefully not that big  :) ) I will try to enlighten those who seem a bit misinformed. I do not say  I am one to know it all and such, but a great deal of my time is spent in  learning the past and events during such a great period in the past sands  of time. Feel free to send email and such about what I say, I am an open  minded person and do not get big-headed :). Ok, on with it then shall we?
B00000269M|5.0|For me, BAD stands as MJ's best album - which says a lot! (Actually &quot;Dangerous&quot; is my favorite, but I think BAD is the one with the greatest music).<br />Nearly all the songs are perfect - take songs as  &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot;, &quot;Man In The  Mirror&quot;, &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;,  &quot;Liberian Girl&quot; ... well, need I say more? Furthermore, all the  songs has a special sound that gives the album a sence of  &quot;completeness&quot; - the album wouldn't be as good if you removed any  of the songs (which, in my eyes, isn't the case with &quot;Thriller&quot;).  BAD stands as a masterpiece where every detail is worked  through.<br />Therefore it is my belief, that everyone who like some of the  songs will find this album super. Furthermore, I think this is a great  place to start for people who wants to get to know the music of The King Of  Pop!
079213690X|5.0|Longshanks was indeed not as he was portrayed in the film. But his hunger for power was great. Alexander III's daughter, Margaret, who had been married to the King of Norway had a daughter, surprisingly enough her name  was also Margaret. Known as 'The Maid of Norway' Alexander's only surviving  blood relative was this small child. She was 3 years old when the crown of  Scotland fell on her head. With Longshank's usual cunning and educated ways  he set about putting in place England's terms,Margaret 'The Maid of Norway'  and the 'Damsel of Scotland' was to succeed the throne as was her birth  right. However she was to marry Longshanks' son, Edward. Scotland would  remain independent and completely separate from England according to its  rightful boundaries, free and without subjection. Now arrangments were made  to have her brought over by ship to get the marrage underway and  Longshanks' son only being 6 years old at the time. But during the long  voyage her frail and delicate constitution couldn't withstand the stormy  seas and she died before upon reaching Orkney - never having even set foot  on Scottish soil. Now Longshanks had to deal with the decision of choosing  either the Bruces or the Balliols to become the one to heir the throne.  However, as price of mediation between these two houses, Longshanks placed  himself in the position as 'Overlord of the land of Scotland' according to  the highest legal principles. Longshanks, the future 'Hammer of the Scots'  insisted that all those who claimed the right to the throne would adhere to  certain rules. They must accept the judgment of the court and they must  accept him as their feudal superior.<br />In the above as you can see, He felt  it fit to be the ruler over both England and Scotland, and whoever whould  take the throne would be ruled by Longshanks himself. <br />(continued next  message)
B0000026WD|5.0|This album stands as something unique to me, because it was my first MJ-album. I think it contains some of his greatest songs ever, but unfortunately it's too long (74 min), and contains some not-so-good songs  too.<br />Dangerous actually consists of two albums (it was a doubble LP). The  first part is dominated by the hard 'dance'-tracks that are the mark are  &quot;Dangerous&quot;. They are super when they are succesful (take  &quot;Jam&quot;, &quot;In The Closet&quot;, &quot;Remember the Time&quot;  and the fantastic tittle-track (on the second 'album'), but six of them in  a row is too much - &quot;She Drives Me Wild&quot; and &quot;Can't Let Her  Get Away&quot; should deffenitely have been left out. The first part end  with &quot;Heal The World&quot;, that shouldn't need introduktion. It's a  great track, though it leans heavily on &quot;We Are The world&quot; (well,  borther, who can't take another one of THAT one?).<br />The second part opens  with &quot;Black And White&quot;, which is good, but the real masterpiece  is &quot;Who Is It&quot;. That is one of Michael's greatest songs ever, and  it really makes his special voice sound super. The rhythm is extrodinary  too. &quot;Give In To Me&quot; is also super (a follow up on Dirty Diana),  and &quot;Will You Be There&quot; is breathtaking. &quot;Keep the  Faith&quot; is great, as is the beautiful &quot;Gone Too Soon&quot;. The  ending track, &quot;Dangerous&quot;, is another of the masterpieces - it's  the song there's most succesful in capturing the metallic sound and  disturbing moods, that are symbolized on the cover (that's fantastic,  too!). The way Michael whispers his way through the lyrics is thrilling,  and the rhythm won't leave you alone.<br />The problem of  &quot;Dangerous&quot; is, that the songs are so different - sometimes I  like to hear the more silent songs, but aren't in the mood for the  'dance'-tracks. But when I want to hear some 'dance'music,  &quot;Dangerous&quot; is super!
B000002AS3|5.0|Oasis is truly one of the most talented bands to come out of the diamal  90's popular music scene. they are very heavy sounding, and Noel Gallagher  is a great guitarist and songwriter. Liam is also a great vocalist. This  album is very good, buy it if you dont already have it. Best song is the  beautiful &quot;Married With Children&quot;
630438551X|1.0|I disliked this movie for a large number of reasons- mostly theincomprehensibility of it.  It's one of those few movies which has sofew redeeming qualities about it that you want the 2 hours of your life back which the movie stole from you.  I understand Romeo and Juliet and have enjoyed several other versions of the film, and I was looking forward to something unique, a modern adaption of the story. Unfortunately, the movie turns into a silly music video that makes so little sense that everyone I know- child, teen, or adult- who saw this movie hated it.  The visuals are terrible, always zooming in uncomfortably on everyone's face; everyone overacts, belting out old English without appearing to have any more clue as to what they're saying than the audience.  The only good actor in this film was, in my opinion, Claire Danes, who was excellent as the more down-to-earth Juliet.<br />I have never personally met anyone who enjoyed this movie; of over 30 people I've talked to about this movie, of all different backgrounds, opinions, and levels of understand on Shakespeare, everysingle person didn't like this movie, and most thought it was one of the worst movies they'd ever seen; so do I.I wasn't able to list most of what I hated about this movie here, since no one would bother to read it; however, I did write an entire essay on how bad this movie was.  END
0060920084|1.0|I found this book to be a real disappointment.  I was excited to read a book by someone who had done what I've done a number of times - driving cross country and stopping to learn about the land and people - as much as  you can in a brief travel.  Mr.Bryson seems to have given a cursory look  wherever he went.  His appraisals seemed to reside, for the most part (okay  - a few exceptions) in preconceived notions.  It was disappointing - very  few insights and a lot of maintaining the sterotypes that are so easily  applied to small towns.  I'd suggest on his next trip he get out of the car  and talk to the people a bit more.  The book made me want to go out on my  own so that this wasn't the last picture in my mind - it's not much of a  picture.
B000002L6U|5.0|Although the solo in JUST LIKE A PRISONER is incredible like the music fan from California states (8 Jan 2000), I feel the solo in SAME OLD BLUES is fantastic enough to purchase the cd. It is hard to believe that the song is  even ON this album since the remaining songs do not come close to the  playing. The aggression and soul in his playing was unmatched until FROM  THE CRADLE and we can only hope he soon comes back to this form. The five  star rating is for this song alone. The album in whole I give three stars.
0399128964|5.0|As with the other reviewers, I feel obliged to pay Herbert my homage. I read this book 15 years ago, after hesitating over the atrocious book cover illustrated with scenes from the movie. Beware, this work is addictive!  I've read the entire series over ten times, and I still find something  provoking every time I go back. I'm not religious, so this is probably the  closest I'll come to having a bible. The story grabs you, but you go back  for the pearls of wisdom, which can and will change your understanding of  life. I highly recommend that you read the entire series, the later books  will clarify the philosophical assumptions that permeate the entire work.
0152465030|5.0|A pilot who finds himself stranded in a desert with a broken airplane meets an extraordinary little person. The Little Prince who is visiting Earth, just one planet in a long succession of planets already visited, tells the pilot of his journey.<br />Earth seems just as strange and alien as the other places he has visited. Places inhabited by archetypal  manifestations of adulthood. The absurdities of which are crystal clear  when seen through the eyes of a child.<br />The Little Prince's journey  through the cosmos - brings us face to face with \\"things of consequence\\" -  allowing us to see, maybe for the first time, what we really lose in  growing old and rigid, instead of growing up.<br />This book is written at a  9-12 year level - but its depths speak to adults as well. A charming story  in itself, can be read, and reread, its layers unfold, revealing deeper and  deeper insight.<br />The artwork in the book is done by the author, too.
6305074593|5.0|The Game was directed by Fight Club director David Fincher and in many ways it prepares the viewer for the twists and turns of Fight Club.  Michael Douglas as control junky investment banker Nicholas Van Orton is  given an invitation to &quot;the game&quot; by his younger brother Conrad  (Sean Penn).  Before Van Orton knows it the game has started and it takes  him on journey where he is in the dark so to speak and he never really gets  out of it until it is over.  Other reviews have said that it has no sense  of humor, this movie doesn't need one.  it's mysterious and intellectual  strength is more than enough to keep most people fixed to it.  Others have  said that the ending is anticlimactic.  If one cannot appreciate the ending  of this movie, they haven't been paying attention.  If you want a movie  that makes you think, this movie is for you.  my friends and i started it  sometime after midnight a couple years ago and we didn't sleep for an hour  after it was done because it made us think that much.  the movie buff will  not be disappointed.
B00001MXXG|5.0|I loved this film when I saw it as a teenager and I still love it today. The actors are excellent and really funny - from Matthew Broderick to the incredibly beautiful Mia Sara. &quot;Save Ferris!&quot;
B0000070SN|5.0|How HOT was this lineup? &quot;Big Bang&quot; hot. In 30+ years, Hawkwind  never came close to duplicating this energy on any other recording. THAT's  how good it is. If you like Hawkwind but haven't heard Space Ritual, you  haven't heard Hawkwind. I would gladly pay TWICE the asking price if I  didn't already own 3 copies (and the original CD release, not to mention  vinyl...).
0767849493|5.0|First off I will tell you I'm NOT a catholic.  This will only matter to the religious nuts who wish to know WHO to put on their list of damnation.  I'm honored to be on that list with Kevin Smith.  He is a brilliant writer  AND director.  He is also a religious man at heart and this film was always  meant as an homage to the faith he grew up in.  Those who say it attacks  religion and the catholic church have never even read the script or viewed  a single frame of the film.  Upon watching DOGMA, one can clearly see that  it is in fact a visionary &quot;LOVE LETTER&quot; of sorts from a man with  a few concerns and questions about the tenants of &quot;blind&quot; faith  and &quot;unquestioned&quot; beliefs.  George Carlin's performance is NOT  to be missed.  Although many scenes were cut, or not filmed, from the  original draft of the script which circulated well near a year before the  film was released, this film is a must see for the fans of Kevin Smith.   And to those who would &quot;burn&quot; Mr. Smith if they could, before you  crucify someone at least KNOW why you would do so.
B000002GQJ|5.0|I cannot decide which is better, this one or E.G.B.D.F.  Still, it is great company, and a great album.  We need more stars, to be sure.<br />&quot;Question&quot; may be my favourite single M.B.'s song. It is  so strong!  The vocals ride over subdued instrumentals, and the guitar  backed crescendoes make what little hair I have left stand on end.  <br />&quot;Minstrel's Song&quot; works well, too.  &quot;It's Up To You&quot;  is soothing, in a way fans of the Blues can appreciate. &quot;My Song&quot;  is lilting, and even without hearing the words seems to offer hope.<br />Back  in the day, WCBS FM was THE album rock station in New York.  One of their  promos had the tag line from &quot;Dawning Is The Day&quot;:  'Listen, we  think we have found you...'<br />They sure as hell have with this one.<br />Gotta  have it!
630575067X|2.0|This movie really looks great, but I can't seem to remember much of the plot or the characters.
0440180295|5.0|I read this book in a little over a week.  It was an easy read, with my greatest difficulty being trying to follow as it jumped from time period to time period.  I was a little thrown back when I first heard about the  Tralfamadore part before I read it, but it is an important segment of the  novel.  I thouroughly enjoyed this book.
0440219078|4.0|Don't even try to put me in he Giver's world. It's a good read, but you have to be prepared for some depressing scenes.   Try to imagine living in a place where snow, sunshine, and spring flowers are only a faint memory to a select few. Strong emotions such a love and anger are obsolete. Music has disappeared altogether. Everyone's &quot;birthday&quot; is on the same day,  with only fifty people of each age. This is Jonas' community.   When Jonas  and the other Elevens turn twelve, they are selected for training in  different professions, such as &quot;Doctor&quot; and &quot;Caretaker of  the Old&quot;. After hours of anticipation, Jonas is chosen as the new  &quot;Receiver of Memory&quot;. Wow, big deal.   But it is a big deal! Now,  he is one of only two people who know that sunbathing and war ever existed.  You could call him extremely lucky. Or you could call him infinitely  unfortunate. Take your pick.   It's interesting in a twisted sort of way to  read about a world without color. I just wouldn't want to live there. Read  The Giver and decide for yourself what your opinion is.
0792844890|5.0|This movie is one the best comedys of all time.  The only other movies I would say that are ahead of it are one or two other comedies, and most of other movies like &quot;Young Frankenstien&quot; and &quot;The History of  the World Part I&quot;, but that's beside the point.  This is a must for  anyone who likes a good laugh.  Mel Brooks is one of the most ingenius  writer/director of all time, if the most ingenius.  Him and his movies  usually turn up to be a huge impact on almost every comic or comedic  performance that ever is seen (or not seen for that matter) or even heard  of.  No comic can honestly tell you that he wasn't impacted by Mel Brooks,  and this movie shows some of the reasons why they have always looked up to  him.  In other words, if haven't seen this movie, I advise that you either  rent or buy or see it any way possible, but when you do, prepare to have  your sides split.
6303148352|5.0|This movie should be based on the medium that it is presented. This is not a novel and should not be rated as such. Comparing this movie to a novel is unfair to the director and to all that worked on the film. Cinematically  this movie will hold up for decades. Spielbergs' directorial penache exudes  through every frame of this film. This is a great entertaining ride through  a fantastical world of make believe. Great for friday movie nights and  other such entertaining destractions. Personally I love this movie and find  it entertaining to this day. Great movie!
0792844890|5.0|If I could have chosen to give this movie a 4.9 out of 5, it probably would have fit better even though This movie is one the best comedies of all time.  The only other movies I would say that are ahead of it are one  or two other comedies, and most of other movies like &quot;Young  Frankenstien&quot; and &quot;The History of the World Part I&quot;, but  that's beside the point.  This is a must for anyone who likes a good laugh.   Mel Brooks is one of the most ingenius writer/director of all time, if the  most ingenius.  Him and his movies usually turn up to be a huge impact on  almost every comic or comedic performance that ever is seen (or not seen  for that matter) or even heard of.  No comic can honestly tell you that he  wasn't impacted by Mel Brooks, and this movie shows some of the reasons why  they have always looked up to him.  In other words, if haven't seen this  movie, I advise that you either rent or buy or see it any way possible, but  when you do, prepare to have your sides split.
0783223358|4.0|Personally when rating this movie it is difficult to rate it based upon its own merits. Being that this movie is a sequel to a blockbuster hit, it has a lot to live up to. However that all aside if this movie were to stand  on its own it would make for a fairly good movie. Okay the characters do  not have the depth of some other movies, it still does not make the film  less entertaining. It is a great ride that Spielberg sends us on in this  film that can leave you breathless in some parts. This is a great  entertaining ride that makes for a great movie night. However that all  aside I believe that the movie should have ended on the island. I will not  say more. You know what I mean if you saw the movie. Otherwise a decent  film.
B00000IB98|5.0|This is without any doubt Blackmore's greatest achievement. This is Rainbow's first album and carries on Blackmore's brilliance as a songwriter. This album introduces Ronnie James Dio to the world along with  his band Elf including Cozy Powell on drums. Highlights of mine include  &quot;Self Portrait&quot;, &quot;Snake Charmer&quot;, and &quot;Stil Im  Sad&quot;. This is a must have for any Ritchie Blackmore fan and  unfortunately it is also very difficult to get hold of.  So, if youre lucky  enough to find it here, buy, buy, BUY!
B000031WD9|4.0|I bought the movie before I'd seen it. I was not disappointed at all. It was a great comedy which showed things the way they really are. This is a movie you don't watch with your parents even though the ones on the movie are the coolest.
B00000J7J4|1.0|This is as pure as junk gets.  'Nuf said.
6305718954|5.0|This is a great movie. I saw it in the theatre and actually bought a DVD player so I could own the movie. It was truely mind intruiging. Patricia Arquette is great especially in some of the cut scenes only available on  the DVD. This movie is not for the faint hearted but is great for the  deeply religious folk and to the not-so.
0395645662|4.0|This is a world that is dark and gray where everyone is prescribed a job in life, and there is no sound, no color, and no music.  Jonas, a twelve year old boy, has been chosen to do an important job.  He is to become the receiver of memories.The Giver, the man in the community who has received  all the memories, is to be his teacher.  There were different jobs, such as  the caretaker, and the assistant directer of recreation. People receive  their job at the annual cemermony. Jonas has been chosen to be the  receiver, the most impotant job.   In my opinion it's quite great in  the middle of the book. The author uses good desciptions.This is one of  those science fictions or fantasy books, that I would recommend to readers  that are in sixth grade to people that are sixty. I rated the book four  stars because of the way the author is saying what she's saying. That is  that this world we live in shouldn't ever be like this.
B00002SSKI|5.0|Now and Then is totally the worlds greatest film. It includes the film stars Christina Ricci, Gaby Hoffman etc. Me and my best friend Grace watch it every weekend and have a Now and Then summer every year. We also have a  Now and Then book where we write about what we do. I am called Roberta and  She is Samantha just like in the film because when we grow up we are moving  to Savannah, Georgia to re-enact the film and live in the houses in the  film. It has changed my life and I love the video and soundtract sooooo  much and I want to be an actress when I'm older and play in something like  Now and Then. ITS THE BEST!
B000002C1X|5.0|This is one hell of an album. This is a little more Waters dominated and a bit more depressing than their previous albums, but that's the idea. This album features some of Floyd's greatest hits like &quot;Another Brick in  the Wall part II&quot; &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and &quot; Run Like  Hell.&quot; It can't really be compared to any other album, because it's  not like any other album, each song is like a chapter in the story being  told. Although it's lacking a litle in input from the other members (it's  essentially a Waters solo album) it still sounds great. Gilmours guitar  riffs are as fresh as ever, Waters' lyrics are dreamy and outstanding as  usual. A must have for anyone who appreciates good music.
B00002SSKI|5.0|Now and Then is totally the worlds greatest film. It includes the film stars Christina Ricci, Gaby Hoffman etc. Me and my best friend Grace watch it every weekend and have a Now and Then summer every year. We also have a  Now and Then book where we write about what we do. I am called Roberta and  She is Samantha just like in the film because when we grow up we are moving  to Savannah, Georgia to re-enact the film and live in the houses in the  film. It has changed my life and I love the video and soundtract sooooo  much and I want to be an actress when I'm older and play in something like  Now and Then. ITS THE BEST!
0792836014|3.0|Why this video/DVD's audio has not been re-mastered using theoriginal stereo concert recordings is beyond me. Why they decided tomake &quot;The Lost Performances&quot; in stereo but not these performances is a shame because it really takes away from the viewing/listening experience.
6305499365|1.0|What a poor satire on office culture and a poor attempt on mimicing what is so successful in the Dilbert cartoons. I heard the movie was amusing, but when I watched it, I found nothing funny about it.  I had to shut the  movie off after 30 minutes of trying to find a good reason to laugh.
0790734850|5.0|Beautifully shot with excellent casting and locations. This is one movie you should own. This DVD lives up to the hype; the colours are strong and well defined, the score dramatic with subtle overtones. Forget the DVD tech  bit, buy this movie because it great.
B00000ILDF|3.0|Alien 3 is certainly the most controversal film in the Alien series. Prior to the film's release in 1992 I had read about the films problematic story and braced myself for what would be a unique but very unappealing film that  picks up right after Aliens.<br />I was very dissapointed in the decision of  killing off the other survivors. I did and still do think that was a cop  out. It virtually wipes out anything that Aliens had achieved. That being,  David Fincher manged to take a muddled script and make a decent film with a  overwhelmingly doomladen atmosphere.<br />Ripley once again the sole survivor,  is stranded at a all male prison colony and is in a race against time. The  collection of seedy prisoners all have shaven heads (lice problems) and  have managned to find some inner peace until Ripley's unexpected arrival.   Soon enough Ripley and an uninvited guest starts off a chain reaction that  has a most dramatic conclusion.<br />The film's biggest problem: The opening  montage clearly shows an alien egg in a inaccurate part of the Sulaco (the  Marines vessel from Aliens) and the questionable capabilities of it's  facehugger to occupy two victims. The overall look of the film is  impressive in its gloomy and monochromatic colors. The special effects are  hit &amp; miss. The actual design of this Alien with canine features is  unique but poorly executed. The full size has a sloppy look to it and the  models used in chase sequences doesn't quite mesh.<br />The film score by  Elliot Goldenthal is impressive and creates a strange and creepy  atmosphere. Sigurney Weaver gives a haunting performace as Ripley who knows  that the end is at hand for her. The supporting cast including Charles S.  Dutton, Charles Dance, Pete Posthlewaite, Paul McGann is solid and Lance  Henrikson is rather creepy and ambiguous as Bishop's creator. The  filmmakers managed to create a rather stark and dramatic looking film, but  the storyline is quite alienating and shows little respect for what Ridley  Scott and James Cameron achieved. Only reserved recommended viewing here.
0425170055|5.0|I must say that this is a must-read for anyone at all.  From the moment you pick up this book you won't want to put it down (unless to play the cd-rom version).  Excellent!
B00000ILDE|5.0|I saw Aliens in the theaters when it first came out in the summer of 1986, and it hasn't lost any of its bite since then. James Cameron's ambitious sequel is very different in its overall tone compared to Alien. Here we get  a thrilling action film that still retains the gothic horror that Ridley  Scott so vividly created in Alien.<br />Sigourney Weaver got an Oscar  nomination for her reprisal as Ellen Ripley. She gives the character a  wonderful sense of strength, compassion and depth. Her great supporting  cast includes Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henrikson, Bill Paxton and  young Carrie Henn as Newt. The music score by James Horner is among his  best, as he captures the the suspense and action sequences perfectly.<br />The  special effects and production design are first rate. Stan Winston slightly  changed the look of the Alien creature, but his Alien Queen is a amazing  work of art. The film recaptures the eerie and claustiphobic settings, this  time within a ravaged colony complex that is teeming with an Alien hive.  James Cameron who also wrote the story, stayed true to the original  material yet created a thrilling action film that has heart to it (Ripley  and Newt's relationship)<br />This Special Edition includes scenes that were  left out of the original theatrical release. I have no problems what so  ever with the added scenes. The pace of the film starts off slowly (it  always did) and continues to build up as the film reaches its thrilling  climax. All of the restored scenes do add something to the storyline. This  DVD edition looks and sound awesome and is filled with extras. Aliens is a  classic in its own right.
6305750750|1.0|Totally unbelievable from the start. The era was supposed tohave been before the first three episodes and yet the robotics weremore advanced and prevalent in this movie than in the former three movies. And what is with their stupid &quot;roger roger&quot; response to everything. The movie is superficial and lackluster, with none of the depth and sheer enjoyment of the former three.  I had looked forward with great anticipation to seeing it, only to be extremely irritated.  I almost walked out of the theatre halfway through it.  I will buy this on dvd, when it comes out, because I plan to have all of the series as a collection, and I don't want to be missing part of it. Other than for that reason, I would not buy it.
B00000255F|5.0|This is easily Bruce Springsteen's greatest work.  &quot;Thunder  Road,&quot; &quot;Jungleland,&quot; and everything in between is  phenomonal.  His band is strong.  Clemons on sax can really belt it out.  Each song is overflowing with high quality.  The sound quality is not state  of the art, but is decent.  This album still deserves 5 stars.  This album  is easily on my top 10 list.  Springsteen has been playing for quite a  while, and he has kept his power all the way through.  Buy this album you  can't go wrong.  Guarenteed
0380973464|1.0|Friends keep after me to read something of Neal Stephenson's. So I tried-- really, I did. Give a science fiction writer a unix manual and a link to a basic webpage on cryptography and you'll get this bloated, 900 page bomb.<br />If you are interested in cryptography, get a textbook. Most of them  are more clearly written, less smarmy, and more entertaining.<br />If you like  science fiction, you can get a better story elsewhere that won't make you  wade through chapters of bland, irrelevant material.<br />This  quasi-hyperrealistic approach should be left to better authors... This book  has drained all desire from me to read other instances of the author's  work.
B000002MJR|5.0|This live album is a classic.  Every single song has an awesome groove to  it.  &quot;Calling Elvis&quot; is probably the most memorable one.  It has  some awesome guitar riffs, and one of  the better drum solos I've heard in  a while.  Unlike most other bands, Dire Straits has recorded strong  material from their debut, to their newer albums.  All the other songs are  great, also.  I advise you to buy this album.  This, and &quot;Love Over  Gold&quot; are their finest albums.  If you are a DS fan, this is a great  selection for you.  Buy it.  I guarentee you will like it.
0767802470|5.0|This movie is truly excellent; it lets you see WW2 from &quot;the other side&quot;.  We're so used to seeing the Germans as evil incarnates, but this time, we get to see the war from the POV of the unsung war heroes of  Germany.  And oh yes, you HAVE to see this movie &quot;auf Deutsch&quot;  (in German) to really get the flavour of it.
B0000296SI|5.0|I loved the CD Enema. I have only had it for a week now but i can sing all of the songs on it except D. Gary and Windy Clear. But all in all I LOVE IT and the guys.
0440219078|5.0|This book surpasses words. As a 12 year old from New Jersey, I thought  that this book left just enough to the imagination to keep one thinking  about it for the next few years. I read this book just months before I read  1984, and the settings matched almost perfeclty. If anyone isn't convinced,  it is a great book to introduce before a novel like 1984. It puts the  reader in a mind-frame that isn't to harsh and just mature enough.
1573227978|4.0|Okay I went to the movie first but after seeing the movie (which despite the critic reviews I thought was brilliant) I had to read the book.  The book tied up loose ends as in Richard's mindset when he was in the jungle  and the ending was definitely a lot more grisly in the book.  I did enjoy  the story and found it interesting that it was written by such a a young  author and I was completely captivated by Richard's character.  Despite  being a Brit in the book I think Leonardo di Caprio portrayed him extremely  well and Robert Carlyle was brilliant as ever.  Shame they could not have  expanded his character in the movie as he was a pivotal feature in the  book.  If you've seen the movie and not read the book I would certainly  recommend doing so as it provides an insight into Richard that you may  miss.  Normally I prefer books to movie versions but in this case, albeit a  number of differences, I can say I enjoyed both and believe Danny Boyle did  a great job as indeed did Alex Garland.
6300216268|5.0|This film ran at a small theater in Minneapolis for more than three years.  That about says it all.  I need to watch it every year to recharge!  Where is my DVD?   Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful film!
080018789X|5.0|I'll admit it; I've never been a big fan of Tom Cruise - UNTIL THIS MOVIE!   Cruise really sinks his teeth into the role of formerly jaded sports agent, Jerry Maguire, who finally has a brush of concious; thus  realizing, it's &quot;not just all about the money!&quot;  (Something else  I never knew about Cruise before this movie, either, is that he can  actually be quite funny)!  No, you do NOT have to be into sports to enjoy  this film.  It's more of a dialogue, relationship type story, with a major  romantic twist thrown in! The movie is not only FUN to watch, (very  intelligently written, great depth of character, some extrememly amusing  lines), it also has A LOT of heart and sole.  The only thing that irritated  me about it, was Renee Zwellinger's wispy, childlike voice.  Other than  that, though, this is one Tom Cruise movie that's DEFINITELY worth owning!
B00000IIXH|4.0|It seems that many Springsteen fans are whining that this CD is a rip off because it only contains 3 extra songs than Tracks.  18 Tracks highlights Springsteen's styles of rock- from rageing rockers of the late 70s through  slow, acoustic ballads of the mid 80s to the mainstream over-synthed sound  of Springsteen in the early 90s.  For fans, it brings them the 3 bonus  tracks they where whining for after the release of Tracks.  However, for  'diehard' fans to complain about being ripped off with a CD aimed primarily  at casual listeners, just think of the glorious sound quality Mr  Springsteen has provided you with on 18 Tracks compared to a bootlegged  live or outtakes CD which costs for a single CD more than 18 Tracks and has  awful sound quality, poor packaging and really does leave you feeling short  changed.  During the 1990s, Springsteen has tried to bring more casual  buyers of CDs to him through the release of Greatest Hits and 18 Tracks  because box sets (such as the marvelous Live:1975-85 and Tracks) never have  any commercial impact apart to the fans.  For casual listeners, try  Greatest Hits first before buying 18 Tracks as this provides a better  selection of his music. If you have already heard Springsteen's music  before and know you like it; go wild and buy Live 1975-85 or Tracks as both  really are worth the extra money!  Personally, I believe those two CDs are  the best CDs I've ever bought. The bootlegs really just aren't worth the  money- save and buy all his brillient albums instead!
6304711905|5.0|While this movie may never achieve the critical acclaim it deserves, there is a grassroots appreciation for this movie that points out, once again, the different worlds of professional movie critics and the movie-viewing  public. For example, Leonard Maltin describes Dana Delany as 'goofy' in  this production. Personally, I found her captivating, and -- for some  reason -- the most attractive I have ever seen her.<br />Kurt Russell turns in  another excellent performance, proving once again that he has grown  considerably as an actor over the years.<br />The performances of Michael  Biehn, Sam Elliott, Powers Boothe, Billy Bob Thornton, Bill Paxton, Billy  Zane, Jason Priestly, Joanna Pacula, even Charlton Heston, in supporting  roles -- major and minor -- are carefully crafted and played to  perfection.<br />But in my book Val Kilmer steals the show as Doc Holliday.  Chalk this up as another excellent performance (e.g. Thunderheart) by the  oft-maligned but excellent actor.<br />Do yourselves a favor and view this  movie as a stand-alone ... don't try to compare it to the other Wyatt Earp  movies; don't compare it to history. Just enjoy it as it is -- a truly  well-told tale, a violent love story (think True Romance set in the 19th  century if you will), full of outstanding performances.<br />This story (as  are almost all tales about Earp) is heavily romanticized. History reveals  that there were no good guys or bad guys in the power struggles that took  place between town authorities, Earp's crowd, and The Cowboys. Nonetheless,  the director has paid close attention to period accuracy in costume,  language, and props. The firearms used -- an area that is often woefully  researched -- are period accurate, with only the most minor license taken  for cinematic effect.<br />My guess is that in time this movie will establish  itself as an audience favorite regardless of &quot;expert&quot; opinion.  And the cast members have every reason to be proud of a truly fine ensemble  performance.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is perhaps my favorite Pumpkins cd. it may be soft, but the content is much deeper, darker, and better than the previous cds. Highlights of the CD range from Ava Adore, Perfect, Tear, Pug, For MArtha (the best!), and  Blank Page. The album is much slower than Mellon Collie, and doesnt have  many riffs, and no solos, but still, this is an incredible CD.
B000002KO1|5.0|I was thinking of music collections that have held up extremely well and this one popped into my head.  I still listen to this on either CD or vinyl and it's very nearly timeless.  Chrissy Hynde was a particularly talented  lyricist with this batch of songs.  I still get jealous when I think about  it.... Tatooed Love Boys, Precious, Brass in Pocket...these are all great  songs.  Too bad Chrissy and her ever changing band have gotten so very  harmless over the years.  I know age tends to soften the edges but  really....Get this.
6303109950|5.0|I am a die-hard westerns fan and I must have every title from Unforgiven to How the West Was Won.  However this is one of the best.  It combines, humor, great acting and outrageous gunfighting scenes.  I have this on VHS  &amp; DVD.  A must to any type of movie collector.
0790732203|5.0|This is one of the best films of the early 1980's!  I was a teenager at the time, and remember thinking this was the best movie, and that Tom Cruise was SO cool!  I wanted to be like that!  The film has an excellent  story, and is very erotic!  I like the DVD version, it has excellent video,  and audio!  &quot;Risky Business,&quot; has an excellent soundtrack, also!   Yes, this is the film of Tom Cruise's where he slides out onto the living  room floor(while his parents are away)in his socks, shirt, and underwear  and dances to &quot;Old Time Rock and Roll! &quot; I think that's a classic  scene, and worth the price of the DVD just to see  Tom Cruise dance in his  underwear!  I don't think any guy fills out his white underwear quite like   Tom Cruise!  A must see film, and a must to own!   Buy It!  :-)
B00001ZWTS|1.0|It took only the first few scenes to realise that the movie was unadultrated thrash. It took only a little longer to switch it off.
6301934229|4.0|Chilling from first to last, this fast-paced horror flick weaves the story of prey grown eerily connected to predator. Is this what normally happens when someone tries to kill you, but sort of not kill you, just kill  everybody you come into contact with and frame you for the carnage? Is the  connection made because only C. Thomas Howell's character understands how  driven Hauer's character is to kill and kill and kill? This is better than  most horror flicks, as Howell is believable (not to mention cute!) and  Hauer's monster doesn't hide in shadows -- there's some pretty solid  characterization underlying this satisfyingly bloody (if you're into the  genre) cat-and-mouse thing. The icily attractive Hauer displays some  affection for Howell (gosh, who could blame the guy?), and it's this  twisted affection-connection thing that keeps messing with you once the  movie's done, making you wonder 'Just what the hell was going on between  those two?' (I mean, did you leave the theater really wondering WHY Michael  Myers or Jason or Chucky were homicidal maniacs?) The movie suffers only  from the usual logic-stretching and coincidence typical of psychotic  bloodbath cinema. Watch this alone in the dark for best results. . .
6305750750|4.0|Come now.  What were we really expecting from Star Wars?  Iwatched the first Star Wars with a bunch of non-Americans while livingin India and they were appalled that we held it in such high esteem. They likened the acting to that of most Bollywood fare.  They are all still great movies.  Yes, some of the best...
B00000K3UR|5.0|This movie was an excellent one. Sandler showed great humor, and was a fun, friendly character. He protayed, for once, a pretty sweet guy. He had the loving, parental sence that not many comedies protray. He was a loving  of his 'son' and showed that in the many acts. As my old sixth grade  teacher would say, there was a large element of 'show not tell.' Not only  that, but it was hilarious. The best Sandler I've ever seen.
B00000K19E|5.0|For Tech junkies across this land THE MATRIX has certainly moved to the front of the pack!    Superb FX,s and a ultra-cool storyline,anyone wanting to start a library should start their collection with this one.
B000002KDO|5.0|This is probably Sabbath's best regular issue album and it is sometimes very surprising.  Sweet Leaf is well known to most and deserves the attention it has gotten.  Lord Of This World is maybe a little less known  but is very heavy and powerful.  Children Of The Grave is great but most  already know that.  Into the void rocks hard,  but still most know that.   My point here is to tell you something you may not know.  The highlight of  this album is a song that is probably not that well known to the most  casual Sabbath fan.  That song is After Forever.  This is a song that I  have never seen on any Sabbath live albums or greatest hits compilations.   It is a song about God and to some extent the afterlife.  The lyrics are  something you might normally hear from a Christian Rock band.  It has some  very beautiful lyrics in it and it does dispell the myth that they were  evil and not God fearing.  I am not saying these guys are or were saints,   but check this album out and you will be amazed by this song.  The version  I just bought has the lyrics which is somewhat odd for a Sabbath cd.  Most  people give Sabbath a bad rap because of their lyrics but upon further look  you will discover that they have belief in God and show it in many ways.   Many of their songs mention satan or are about satan so people think they  must worship him.  Well,  I have studied up on this and not found any of  that to be true.  Singing about satan is not worshipping him.  Now if they  spoke of satan the way they speak of God in this song then I would say the  same.  Ozzy routinely throughout the years always tells the crowd &quot;God  bless you all&quot;.  My point here is to have you look at Sabbath in a  little different light.  Wearing crosses around your neck is a symbol of  Jesus' crucifiction not devil worship.  A few years later after leaving  Sabbath, Ozzy sang these lyrics in a song,&quot;They say I worship the  devil, why don't they open their eyes?,  I'm just a rock n roll  rebel&quot;.  This is not just a quality song lyrically but also musicall.   It flows nicely and is definetly one of Ozzy's masterpeices vocally.
0399103422|5.0|This was the best book I ever read in my life!   I loved every part of it!
B000002BBY|5.0|Orgasm to the ears.  The one true album of britpop, besides Pulp's brilliant ventures.  Truly an amazing feat for the brothers Gallagher.
6303985467|4.0|wow....this one has it all.  just when you want to laugh at the acting, the atmosphere makes your skin crawl.  a little slow at times, but a movie you'll not soon forget.  not everyone will &quot;get it,&quot; but if  you're a fan of the cult classic horror movie, you'll definitely enjoy  this!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am a connoisseur of music, my fav being rock. I am a big Metallica listener. I love Metallica,...but when I heard this CD!   It blew me away! It totally kicks @ss! Gets the adrenaline pumping! Personally I think it is  one of the best albums I own now. I was a skeptic when I heard about this  but,......listen and behold the power of sound,.......LOTS of it!  I  highly recommend this to anyone who loves rock&amp;roll,...if you like  adrenaline pumping music this is the CD to get!  Orchestra?......Absofukinglutely! I thank Metallica and the San Francisco  Symphony Orchestra for getting together and doing this gig. Wish I could  have been there! I wish more bands would get some balls like this!
1567407757|5.0|This is a moving book that touches everyone who reads it.  We can all learn from Morrie's courage and wisdom as he faces life's biggest fears, sickness and death.  Mitch Albom tells the story with such emotion that we  all come to know and love Morrie.  Albom's writing pulls you in and takes  you through the hills and valleys of Morrie's experience.  Everyone must  read this book.  It makes you want to live your life by Morrie's standards,  and keeps you from focusing on things that don't matter.  The world needs  more people like Morrie.
B00000DF6O|5.0|All you need to know is this: Quickly get yourself to Amazon.com and purchase 2 of these CDs. When you wear out the first--you will always have a backup to this spectacular album. Nuf said.
0385486804|4.0|Into the Wild is the true-life story of Chris McCandless who tragically died in the Alaskan wilderness in August of 1992.  This is no secret as it is printed on the cover.  In the book the author, Jon Krakauer, decides to  concentrate on the character development of Chris McCandless.  There are  many theories as to why Chris McCandless, an intellectual young man, leaves  a happy home to travail out west and live a simple life and the book tries  to sort them out.  While the book does not give concrete answers as to why  Chris McCandless ends up dead in the Alaskan wilderness, it does give  powerful insights as to where Chris McCandless screwed up.  As a young male  reader I found this book very interesting and thought provoking, even  though the book does have its slow points.  The author, who also wrote the  article in Outside magazine, is an outdoors type person himself and has  done his research for the book.  Overall I was impressed with the book.
B000002KHH|5.0|Now, there are plenty of brilliant albums wich I've heard that include loads of stunning tracks, but there are always some songs that aren't completely up the level. But with this true calssic, I have to testify that  kind o f mirracle. Every song just drops me downn with a huge amount of  intensity and brilliancy. Especially the beginning song &quot;War  Pigs&quot; a seven minute - long monument. After hearing it there's really  no complains. Of course, then there are the crowdfaves &quot;Iron Man&quot;  and, the big hit of their's: &quot;PARANOID&quot;. It is really hard to  write a review about something that has had so much influence on your music  taste and the way you understand music.  Anyone who wants to get  aknowledged from good heavy rock music should have a go with this album.   Please. Just Do It.
6305750750|5.0|I loved this movie.  It is a movie that the whole family can enjoy together, a myth for our times you might say.  Unlike most movies out today where they're either specifically directed at small children, teens(who  seem to have nothing but partying on thier minds), or adults, the Phantom  Menace has appeal for all moviegoers. Although there is violence in the  movie, there is no &quot;gore&quot;(blood or body parts shooting all over  the screen) so even small children can enjoy the story.  It enabled me to  enjoy an epic tale of good versus evil with my children(they loved it)one  that was a huge part of my life when I was young.  The whole order of the  Jedi and the way they view the universe is definately a positive influence  for a child, unlike the meaningless fighting in &quot;pokemon&quot; or  similar popular icons.  What it boils down to is the fact that it is an  excellent all around movie building on characters that we all know and want  to know more about, and giving us a little taste of who and why the  &quot;Jedi&quot; are.  On a final note jar-jar is not that bad, if you look  back through the other 3 films you'll see that r2 &amp; 3po are a sort of  comic relief.......the case is the same for jar-jar.
B000002TYK|5.0|Foo Fighters' second album was also good, but it sounded a little bit too commercially produced to my taste. So it just gains the musical value this album has. the songs are very melodic, but still, very energic, and the  melodies sound like they were developed easily. One article featured a very  good prescription of the early Foo's, saying that they are some kind of  hardcore Beach Boys. The best songa are propably &quot;Alone+Easy  Target&quot;, &quot;This Is A Call&quot;, &quot;I'll Stick Around&quot;,  &quot;Floaty&quot;, well... practicly half of the album is sooo brilliant  and the rest is &quot;just&quot; brilliant. After hearing this album you   have to re-evaluate the meaning and the importance of all the articles  claiming Dave Grohl wouldn't manage on his own after Nirvana broke up. Nice  work.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has been reviewed to death, but I wanted to comment on the commentary included with the DVD edition. First let me say that this in one of my all time favorite sci-fi flicks right up there with Alien, Dune,  Blade Runner. The commentary is however, the absolute worst I have ever  heard. The director runs out of interesting stuff to say. Carrie-Anne Moss  had the most interesting things to say, but you hear from her only briefly  in the beginning of the film and then at the end. She said nothing during  the whole middle of the film. Possibly she was intimidated by the special  effect supervisor which had the most to say, but fell into such deep  special effects lingo that, as a layman, I could only understand about 1 in  3 words. Plus his black humor was out of place and put me off. A ground  breaking film in terms of special effects I think should have a 5 star  commentary as well. A redeeming feature of this DVD edition is the  mini-featurettes that are included.
B000002HH2|5.0|I think of the three Bjork cds, Post is her best. Though I'm not much of a  Sugarcubes fan, I really enjoy Bjork's solo material. 1993's Debut was  hinting at what was to come next. 1995's Debut has diversity, originality,  class and great songs. All eleven tracks work nicely together without  becoming repetitive, unlike 1997's Homogenic. The sound on Post is more  polished than Debut and less mechanical than Homogenic. This cd is a  classic in every sense. I am willing to bet that Bjork will be around for  many more years. She's like a female Peter Gabriel. This is a must have for  any rock collector.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jam have to be one of the greatest bands in the world: Alive has to havethe greatest guitar riff ever written along with 'Satisfaction' and 'Stairway to Heaven.' There is no doubt in my mind that this is a classic  album. I have all of pearl jam's albums yet i still listen to this.  Everytime i take an extended break from it i keep coming back to it and it  blows me away every time. From the soaring strains of 'black' to the riff  driven 'Alive' to the funk of 'Even flow' to the beauty of 'Release' this  album is a killer.
B000002UAR|5.0|It's extremely difficult to review any Beatles cd without offending  someone. I'm choosing Revolver because it's not often referred to as a  great album like Sgt. Pepper's or Abbey Road or even The White Album.  Revolver (1966), though, is a solid cd of 14 songs. Not many of today's  artists can pull of 14 songs that are all memorable and interesting. With  such classics as &quot;Taxman&quot;, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Here,  There and Everywhere&quot;, &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, &quot;Good Day  Sunshine&quot;, &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;Tomorrow  Never Knows&quot;, Revolver displays itself as a diamond in the rough. I  hesitate to review the Beatles at all seeing as everyone knows they are  great. To me, Revolver and the Beatles are a must have for any rock  collector.
B00002Z88D|4.0|When  I heard Metallica was producing an album with the San Francisco symphony orchestra, I was, to say the least, skeptical of the idea of heavy metal and orchestra music meshing in any positive fashion. One listen  through the album, however, changed any notion that it would be  painful to  a metaalica die-hard like myself. This was definitly not what I expected. A  couple of the songs (devil's dance comes to mind) actually sounded better  to me with the orchestra providing more depth in the background. Oh, and  there's the key word for this album: Background. That's where the San  Francisco Symphony Orchestra stayed through most of the music. Credit  Michael Kamen for not attempting to push his music to the forefront of the  performance. Instead, he did his best to compliment the attitude and heavy  Rythm of James and the boys. It became as good an album as it could have  been, a great live set with an unusual feature. Don't take this the wrong  way, S&amp;M jams all the way through, and the whole thing sounds much much  better with the volume all the way up. All this being said, there are a few  spots in the album where the symphony is too strong and makes a couple of  the songs diificult to swallow (the last three minutes of &quot;One&quot; ,  some of the best Metallica you will ever hear, loses a lot of it's fire ,  the orchestra should have just stopped at that point) With or without  orchestra, I could have done without a couple songs they played, and  neither of the new songs (&quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, &quot;Human&quot;)  impressed me much.  If you are a metallica fan, you should like it, cause  at worst it's a good live show to listen to....
B000002UKS|5.0|I have to hand it to Dave Grohl. He has done an excellent job of putting  Nirvana behind him and creating some great music of his own. I think The  Colour and the Shape is the best of their three cds. It has a rough pop  edge that avoids being repetitive or bland. Great songs like &quot;Monkey  Wrench&quot;, &quot;My Hero&quot;, &quot;Everlong&quot; and &quot;Walking  After You&quot; plus the other 9 tracks make up a classic hard  rock/punk/grunge blend. This is a must have for any rock collector.
6305232660|5.0|Most people who want to see a movie like this are probably interested in the special effects. However allow yourself to get involved with the characters of this film, which are far more developed and real than all  those macho men and their busty girlfriends in Armageddon.  If you do this,  the spectacle of the outstanding effects will make the movie that much more  moving.  Deep Impact also deals far better with the human emotions involved  if such and event were indeed inevitable.  When the big rock finally hits  the earth, special effects wizards really show off here.  The outcome is  spectacular, and quite frankly, nothing less than terrifying.<br />Don't waste  your time with that other meteor movie.  Deep Impact is a much better  film--anyway you look at it.
B000001FNL|5.0|All right, enough crticism about disco. The Bee Gees were never disco. Anyone who really listens to them knows this is true (just listen to the music they made prior to 1975 and after 1979). However, Main Course (1975),  I think, is their best, most consistent cd. 10 tracks that have diversity  not only in content and sound but in tempo and creativity. The hits  &quot;Jive Talkin'&quot;, &quot;Fanny (Be Tender With My Love)&quot;, and  &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot; are all here, plus the non-hits &quot;Wind  of Change&quot;, &quot;Songbird&quot; and &quot;The Edge of the  Universe.&quot; I feel Main Course to be better than 1976's Children of the  World and 1979's Spirits Having Flown. Main Course is a must have for any  rock collector. The Bee Gees were in their finest form here.
6305750750|4.0|Pros: We finally got a new S.W. movie - Great lightsaber battle- cool podrace - battle droids were cool - Darth Maul was cool - my 8yr old son got to experience first hand the excitement of a Star Wars new release opening day.(A day I'm sure he'll never forget); he loved the movie.  Cons: I think Lucas' directing was too slight, which caused everyone to seem to be 'just going thru the motions' with their characters - Too much digital stuff; (I dont care what anyone says, the final battle in ROTJ made with minuature models looks worlds better than than that CGI battle sequence.  CGI really gives the movie that Star Trek: Deep Space Nine look.)- cheesy 'virgin birth' twist. Just remember - we had our day in the park.  This one was for the kids of today - not the cynical, scrutinizing grown ups the kids of yesterday have become. &quot;You must unlearn what have learned.&quot; Keep in mind that Empire was a totally different movie than New Hope. Give George a chance to create a more adult movie in Episode 2. If you thought this was a dud, try comparing it to Mission to Mars or any of these other 'drop in the bucket' movies that came out in the last couple years. At least PM made a splash!  Whether you liked this or not, you know good and well you'll be there for the opening of the next two movies!
B000002KLQ|5.0|I have all 7 studio cds from Dire Straits and I believe that Making Movies  is their best. Sure, their Dire Straits cd and Brothers in Arms are great  discs. Making Movies is the only one that contains &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot;, &quot;Skateaway&quot; and &quot;Les Boys&quot; though. It's a  tight 7 song playlist that works. 1982's Love Over Gold attempted the same  results but fell short. I've always been pleased with Making Movies and I  think it's Dire Straits' classic secret. Most people will go for the debut  or Brothers in Arms, but Making Movies is as solid as either of those. All  three are musts for any rock fan though.
B00000AFFI|5.0|This album has not left my CD player since I bought it. Admittedly, it  took a while to warm up to it, but when I did, I couldn't get over it.  Harvey creeps into the psyche and finds bizarre uncharted crevices. With  simple lines! She's a poet. &quot;She only had nightmares, and her sadness  never lifted,&quot; from &quot;My Beautiful Leah,&quot; looks kinda bald on  paper, but listening, you experience the descent of the character. Amazing!
B000002L9Y|5.0|I wore out the tape of this album when I bought it in 1987 at the age of  14. I know most critics and fans would say that 1975's Fleetwood Mac,  1977's Rumors or 1979's Tusk are the best Mac albums, but I think Tango in  the Night is right up there. Great songs like the hits &quot;Big  Love&quot;, &quot;Seven Wonders&quot;, &quot;Everywhere&quot; and  &quot;Little Lies&quot; plus the great non-hits &quot;Tango in the  Night&quot;, &quot;Caroline&quot;, &quot;Family Man&quot;, &quot;Will I See  You Again&quot; and &quot;You and I, Pt. 2&quot; prove that Tango in the  Night is as viable as Rumors. The fact that this cd came after the divorces  and during the 80's can overshadow how good this cd is. The only drawback  is that Stevie Nicks was so strung out on cocaine that she didn't have much  input on this album. Fleetwood Mac (1975), Rumors (1977), Tusk (1979),  Mirage (1982) and Tango in the Night (1987) are all must haves for rock  collectors.
0800129806|5.0|All you Arthur / Camelot followers, please watch this movie and understand, THIS is quite possibly the most realistic version you will ever see. No Merlin... No Magic No Dragons. Its a realistic view of what Camelot  would of been like. NOT some fairy tale mother Goose impression. Hate to  down all you people, because I really like the Legend, but a different  interpretation should not be downed solely for that. Gere was OK, Julia was  good, Sean was great (as usual) Ben Cross is a  natural. The costumes, the  scenic views were great. There was nothing wrong with this movie. Besides  the fact it is a different interpretation (which is why it gets low  reviews, not because of its TRUE movie worth) its a must buy.
B000002G0P|5.0|I remember when III Sides to Every Story came out in September of 1992.  &quot;Rest in Peace&quot; was the video MTV were playing and for some  reason it didn't take off like &quot;More than Words&quot; or &quot;Hole  Hearted&quot;. It was even during the grunge period in music history.  Perhaps Extreme weren't viewed as grungy enough. They're more rock than  grunge anyway. Hard rock I might add. This, their third cd, was by far  their best, most consistent and most original. Extreme's lyrics were  insightful and perceptive on this cd and the music far surpassed what they  had previously achieved. Songs like &quot;Rest in Peace&quot;,  &quot;Cupid's Dead&quot;, &quot;Tragic Comic&quot;, &quot;Stop the  World&quot; and the three part opus &quot;Rise 'n' Shine&quot;, &quot;Am I  Ever Going to Change&quot; and &quot;Who Cares?&quot; are some of the best  songs they've done. The cd rocks and soothes at the same time. A must have  for any rock collector.
6305807086|5.0|When I, an out of work puppeteer, got my first job on the 7 1/2th floor of a New York office building, I too found a portal into the mind of a celebrity for 15 minutes, after which I was cast out somewhere on the  Jersey Turnpike....<br />Okay, I really can't relate to this, but who could?  This movie is so utterly obscure and wonderful and confusing and  non-sensical, that it is certain to make you laugh. True, the character's  could have been sceptical when John Cusack tells them of his discovery,but  that would make this movie silly...<br />This movie, riddled with marvelous  performances and directing, may very well be the silliest, and is certainly  one of the most wonderful movies of all time.
B0000026J6|5.0|I love finding artists that most people are unfamiliar with. Leonard Cohen  is one of these artists. I first heard him in the 1990 film &quot;Pump Up  The Volume&quot; starring Christian Slater. I wondered who he was. Later,  in 1993, he appeared again on the soundtrack to Oliver Stone's  &quot;Natural Born Killers.&quot; By this time I knew who he was but was  unfamiliar with the majority of his work. In 1997 I bought all 9 of his  studio cds. I'm Your Man is his most accessible and catchy. So is 1992's  The Future. I am only reviewing I'm Your Man because it contains 8 tracks  that non-fans would appreciate. I think it's a classic recording. Though,  his 1968 and 1969 and 1970 cds are all classic in their own rights. I'm  Your Man features great songs like &quot;Everybody Knows&quot;, &quot;Tower  of Song&quot;, &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; and &quot;First We'll Take  Manhattan.&quot; Cohen's distinctive bass vocals lend his lyrical poetry  more validity. It's like a poet in some darkened smokey basement reading  his own poetry. A classic recording and a must have for any rock collector.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This movie was quintessential Kubrick. It is dark, twisted andfunny. I have no doubt Kubrick had many more projects in his mindbefore he died, so this cannot be looked upon as his final gesture to humanity before he left earth, but rather another in a list of strange, dark, precise, and elegant films.<br />Stanley Kubrick had the ability to disturb us, make us laugh, and make us cry with one shot, and this movie is no exception.<br />People forget that one of Kubrick's greatest gifts was his films' lasting power. I would wager that nearly everyone who hated this movie will watch it again some day and finally enjoy it, and while they may not completely understand it (I personally believe, or at least hope, that Kubrick's films were not meant to be fully understood), they will at least see why I love it.<br />But I'm a Kubrick fan. I loved all of his films, and perhaps in my mind (as the title of my review states), Stanley Kubrick can do no wrong. Nevertheless, this movie is great, and I found the interviews contained on the DVD edition very enlightening.
B000001Y5D|5.0|When I bought Four Non Blondes (FNB) back in March of 1993, I thought this  band would have more of an impact on the music scene. Of the eleven tracks  here, there are no bad tracks. Linda Perry's solo material hasn't even come  close the to great music on FNB's debut. This is a must have for any rock  collector.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have been listening to this CD for over a month now, and it has quickly  become one of my favorites - but it took some time. When I fist listened to  the songs, I heard the Metallica song and the sympony separatly. I could  listen to one or the other, but they did not seem to mix. I longed for the  old-style Metallica. But as I grew  more accustomed to the sound, I began  to hear the tracks as complete songs. <br />Now, my opinion is that for the  vast majority of songs on this album, THE SYMPONY MAKES THEM BETTER! Thats  right, because when I just recently pulled out my old Metallica CD's and  listened to the origional versions of the songs, I found I MISSED the  sympony parts. The sympony makes the songs fuller, and heavier. Now, some  metal purists may be going &quot;HEAVIER?!?&quot; but I kid you not. At  times the sympony helps create a 'wall of sound' that the metallica song  co-exists with. The result  is powerful. At other times the sympony helps  to create more emotion and depth to the songs, and lets not forget that  Metallica pulls off a supreme performance - for the most part the songs are  flawlessly done.<br />But the key to enjoying this CD, really lies in YOU the  listener. If you have an open mind, and can learn to accept the sypmony as  part of the song, you will love this album.
B000001FVL|5.0|I remember when MTV began in August of 1981, and I remember this video well. I was 8 at the time, and this cd holds a special place in my collection. It's a quirky, novel mix of pop music that is better than  average of the music at that time. Released in 1979, this cd sounds a bit  ahead and behind it's time. It's has the classic hit &quot;Video Killed the  Radio Star&quot; but is also has the forethought of the  breast-implant/plastic surgery craze of the 80's and 90's in &quot;Living  in the Plastic Age.&quot; Another song &quot;Clean, Clean&quot; displays a  punk/new wave bravado. &quot;I Love You, Miss Robot&quot; is an interesting  synth ambient stab. It's a must have for any rock collector just for the  novelty value alone. It's also interesting to note that Trevor Horn  (vocals) has gone on to produce cds by Yes, Frankie Goes To Hollywood, ABC,  Rod Stewart, Seal, Simple Minds, Art of Noise and Grace Jones. Geoffry  Downes (keyboards) went on to Asia (and is still with that band!).
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie is absolutely all it's cracked up to be. Hysterically funny and simultaneously a tear jerker -- it's ultimately very uplifting.  The cinematography is also fantastic -- amazing use of color.<br /> The DVD has  dubbed english as an option, but I strongly recommend going with the  subtitles instead so you can hear Benigni's amazing acting and passion.<br />  Too bad the DVD doesn't include any deleted scenes.  With Benigni, I think  it would be particularly fun to see out-takes.<br /><br />Absolutely a great  movie!
B000005ALP|4.0|Bought this CD back in '96 for $6.99 (a price the store was charging for 'new and upcoming' bands); it still gets airtime in my CD player.  Too bad it only peaked at #114 in the Billboard Albums chart.  Doesn't matter, it's  still a great CD.  Even though E's lyrics can get depressing and morbid,  the oddly bright music always manages to lift them up.  This album can be  thought of in the vein of a dysfunctional 'Pet Sounds'.  If you like your  music a bit off center, but still accessible, then I highly recommend this  CD.  I can't see dreck like N'Sync, Britney Spears, or any other  Star-Search-like bombast ever getting to this level of pop-rock.
B00002DE2L|5.0|I first heard this recording on my local PBS radio station, KUCV. I was so amazed that I had to pull my car off to the side of the road and gape in astonishment. I've never heard such a bold, passionate interpretation of  this piece. I'll admit that I'd not heard of ASM until now, but I'm a fan  for life. Three cheers go to DG for the packaging... Ms. Mutter is quite  attractive, and if the cover picture makes one more person who wouldn't  ordinarily look at a &quot;Classical Music&quot; CD buy it, then it's worth  it.
0380973634|5.0|I had never read anything by Neil Gaiman, in fact I had never even heard of him.  Then I stumbled upon Neverwhere in the grocery store and he became my favorite author.  When I was done with this book I gave it to everyone  in my family, then to my friends.  Then I read it again.  It is my favorite  book.  Gaiman is an incredible story teller and I cannot wait for his next  novel.
6303593666|5.0|Forget &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;Friday the 13th.&quot;  If you want to see something that will scare you to death, watch this film.  See a worshipping portrayal of the man whose maniacal twisted vision of a Third  Reich that led to a war that left tens of millions of people dead.   This  is not to suggest this is a simplistic film. This is a brilliant film.  You  will be amazed by it.  Propaganda film at its best.
0783241569|4.0|I like the scentence Anna said to William&quot;Don't forget I am just a girl standing in front a boy asking him to love her&quot; Also, I am so crazy about Hugh Grant:He is such a getleman,soattractive.Anyway I love  this movies.
0312853238|5.0|I purchased this book on the strength of reviews on Amazon, and even though science fiction is not my favourite genre, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The characters are finely drawn, and the plot is complex and clever.  The ending surprised me, which is always good, and in the end I was  disappointed that there wasn't more.  A great book!
B000000FG8|4.0|This album will never go out of style, at least not for those of us who  have style. I have become jaded to the music industry for calling todays  popish, punk wanna be's authentic punk. Op Ivy was a revolutionary album, I  am sorry there are not more like it out there. Soundsystem was the 1st song  to ever really put me in a good mood. I fell in love with OP Ivy in Jr.  High, preached about it in High School, and got kicked out of college for  it (well kinda), please listen and listen carefully. There is more there  than green mohawks and plaid.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork once again broke the mold with Homogenic. She fuses techno and funk  beats with beautiful lush classical strings, making some of the most  ecclectic and stunningly beautiful music. An album to put all other albums  to shame.
0385121679|5.0|This book was so scary that it made me poop in my pants!
B00000IQW3|4.0|This was the first movie to use fully computer generated graphics. They may not look like they do today, but they had to start somewhere. This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented. The story is original, acting is good, special  effects groundbreaking. This DVD edition comes with valuable extra  features. Like the behind the scenes footage of the CGI. Topping it off  with superb sound and picture quality. I recommend it for anyones Sci/Fi  collection.
B0000013G9|5.0|This cd is truly, the bomb.  TLC has always been my favorite group since I was seven.  When I first heard CrazySexyCool at the tender age of nine, I the heezy.  It could go from a bass blasting, upbeat song to a slow sensual  song. <br />   &quot;Creep,&quot; the first song on the album, is the type of  song that will make any man think twice about cheating on his girlfriend.   In the song, the girl is not getting enough love and attention from her man  at home, so she figures that she will get her love elsewhere.  &quot;Kick  Your Game,&quot; is a question that girls will sometimes ask men who step  up to them (note to all the real TLC fans: If you ever read that Sister to  Sister article when Left Eye on the front cover dressed as Wonder Woman,  this song sounds a lot like how Lefty recalls meeting Andre Rison for the  first time.  Hmmm).   &quot;Diggin On You&quot; is a song about a girl  telling a guy that she's feeling him.  &quot;Case Of The Fake People,&quot;  is well, about fake people.  &quot;Red Light Special&quot; is a song about  a girl about to &quot;get down&quot; (y'all know what I really mean) with a  guy.  &quot;Waterfalls&quot; is a song about how young people should be  careful nowadays (I don't blame them, it's crazy out here nowadays).   &quot;Let's Do It Again,&quot; is a song about a girl asking a guy if she  could re-live the moment when she was in ecstasy.  &quot;If I Was Your  Girlfriend&quot; is about a girl telling a guy what she'd do for him and  asking what would he do for her if they were together.  &quot;Take Our  Time&quot; is basically about making love.  &quot;Switch&quot; is a girl  telling her man he needs to slow his role before she leaves him.   &quot;Sumthin' Wicked&quot; is basically reflecting on all the evils of the  world and how people wish that things were better.  <br />This cd is just  rocking and whoever hates it needs a reality check!
0805017305|5.0|I have never before read a book like this.  It is utterly fascinating, a real page turner, and yet it makes you ashamed of something that happened many years before your birth.  Ashamed because you know that similar things  are happening elsewhere in the world, and ashamed becuase we never seem to  learn from our mistakes.<br />On a lighter note this is a meticulous essay on  a life long lost, and country unspoiled and beautiful, and a world we will  never be lucky enough to know.<br />If you only read one book in a year, make  it this one.
B000001IQH|4.0|Well of course it is. Unlike the other titles placed under this unbrella.  Hole is not punk- Harvey Danger is not punk. Just because a punk influence  in obviously there does not classify it as PUNK. Rancid, Op Ivy, Pennywise,  Agent Orange now thats punk and this album did not get the raves it should  have- take a listen and you will see PUNK IS NOT DEAD. And is you dont like  it- keep it anyway, when PUNK is revived you'll thank me.
B00000IAU3|3.0|This debut album from a girl with great vocals has a very pleasing sound. Some may recognize the first track &quot;Here With Me&quot; as the WB's Roswell theme. If that pleases you, so will the rest of the album. Tracks  like &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; are sung from the heart and full of soul.  A great debut!
B00003Q438|5.0|The directors cut makes this movie more preachy, in a good way though. We see the NTI's upset that we are always at war with one another. So they decide to wipe us out in a natural disaster. But, they have a change of  heart because of Bud. Definitly a more complete film with great added  visual effects. Worth buying in collectors edition DVD media.
B00000I2M0|5.0|The second in the classic CCR trilogy,WILLY AND THE POOR BOYS transports you to a street corner where a makeshift quartet strives to entertain onlookers.This is precisely what John Fogerty and co. want to put across.If  you close your eyes and listen to such tracks as DOWN ON THE CORNER,  POORBOY SHUFFLE and MIDNIGHT SPECIAL you can picture that streetcorner  band.FORTUNATE SON,DON'T  LOOK NOW,EFFIGY and IT CAME OUT OF THE SKY show  John trying to deal with the Vietnam War and the politics that came out of  it.This is classic Creedence Clearwater Revival:driving rock and  thought-provoking lyrics.
0783231202|4.0|Whatever case can be made for Spielberg's oversimplificiationof the actual events, _Amistad_ champions a largely unexploredcountry: pre-Civil War America.  We tend to look all too often at either the American Revolution or the Civil War, but never in between. It is as if those years leading up to the Civil War didn't happen or didn't matter.  In addition to bringing us the first serious examination of the horrors of slavery conditions since _Roots_--and maybe the only lengthy filmic examination of the slave trade itself--this film looks at the state of American society in the interwar period and shows us that, yes, indeed, it was possible to stand against slavery before the Civil War made abolitionism fashionable.  <br />I'm willing to bet, too, that these are the only screen portrayals of John Quincy Adams and Martin Van Buren available on film.  For that curiosity alone the film's worth adding to your historical fiction collection.  While I think Van Buren, like all the do-nothing or pro-slavery elements in the film are insufficiently characterized (we know nothing about them except that they are obviously bad), Anthony Hopkin's Adams is wonderfully more complex--despite the fact that the script has him principally making speeches.  There is something entirely mezmerizing about watching a man whom one feels has been largely defeated by life suddenly rise to prominence at the end of his life to say what was on his mind all those times he bit his tongue.  Though some may feel the final speech was &quot;grandstanding&quot;, I was deeply moved by it.  Not only is Hopkin's performance of that final speech deeply emotional--especially when he catches a glimpse of his father's bust--there is something deeply heartening in discovering that people of influence, even in that obscure part of American history we rarely discuss, did find the courage to speak against it. <br />To be sure, there are flaws in the joint vision of Steven Spielberg and Debbie Allen.  The ultimatelyredemptive message of the movie would not have been sullied by rounding out the pro-slavery elements in the society of the time. Indeed, this would've more accurately shown why this institution we find so peculiar today had such a lock on the country back then.  From a dramatic standpoint, too, fleshing out Van Buren and the forces arrayed against Adams would've made the film entirely more tense and heightened the impact of that final speech.  <br />But in the end what matters is that this important story got told.  And though there might have been better ways to have told the story, this certainly wasn't a bad one.  <br />(It's worth mentioning as an aside that this DVD version has an especially intriguing making-of vignette, and that there's another version which doesn't.  I'd also point out that while this film has an R-rating, there's nothing in this film, in my opinion, from which minors should be shielded.  Far from it, this is the kind of movie that parents should share with their teenaged children.)
B000002JNJ|4.0|For a band to produce such an awewsome album, when the genre of heavy metal was waning, is in itself is amazing, Pantera gave us all a wake up call to the fact that metal and music are and can be, one and the same.   You owe yourself to check this recording out....
6305718903|5.0|I SAW &quot;STIGMATA&quot; UNWILLINGLY. MY FRIENDS DRUG ME KICKING AND SCREAMING TO THE THEATRE. BUT AFTER VIEWING IT, I REALLY LIKED IT. IT IS AN EXTREMELY SCARY MOVIE, BUT WITH MEANINGFUL SPIRITUAL UNDERTONES. DEFINATELY  BUT IT. IT IS A MUST SEE FOR ALL HORROR FANS!
0784010528|5.0|Being a huge Doors fan it was entertaining. Oliver Stone did a great job with the scene feel. Val Kilmer did a phenomonal job as Jim, even satisfactorily vocaling some of the live concerts. If you have read some of  the books about Jim, ie. No One Here Gets Out Alive, you have noticed they  did not show the artist side of him as he was in real life. They show more  of the depression and self destruction. Also, Patricia Keneley was two  people combined into one character. Even so this is a great film of the  rise and fall of James Douglas Morrison.
0440219078|4.0|The book, The Giver was very interesting.  It made me think of all the problems in our society today, as well as all the problems with a &quot;Perfect Land.&quot;  it shows how a utopia might not be a utopia without feelings.  This book was a very interesting book, that made me  think about our life today.
6303477259|5.0|THIS CONCERT FOOTAGE SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO BE BROUGHT ON TO DVD. IT'S TOO GOOD FOR TAPE FORMAT, VHS DOES NOT CUT IT ANYMORE......
B000007T1M|5.0|I bought this thinking it would be the usual, 4 star metal album that I usually buy. Instead, I got a CD donated to the Armenian genocide, that was such an unusual form of metal that most people might not even call it that.  Most of the melodies on this are usually used in various types of music,  like jazz, but System Of A Down uses them in metal. Songs like  &quot;Know&quot; are regular metal-rap kind of songs, but songs like  &quot;Ddevil&quot; and &quot;Sugar&quot; are more creative. I would  definitely recommend this CD to anyone with a wide range of musical tastes.
6305562474|5.0|THESE THREE WORDS DESCRIBE ONE OF THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE. MALKOVICH, CLOSE THURMAN &amp; PFEIFER ARE PERFECT. THE DIRECTOR DID A PERFECT JOB ; THER IS NOTHING WRONG IN &amp; ABOUT THIS MOVIE. A MUST SEE
0792833260|5.0|This is a masterpiece. The story of a greedy, selfish yuppy, Cruise, whom discovers he has an autistic brother played by Dustin Hoffman. It just so happens this autistic brother has inherited the family fortune. Being  institutionalized and not even understanding the concept of money, Cruise  kidnaps him. Then  trying to swindle the institution to give him half the  money. Cruise then takes Hoffman on a cross country roadtrip, where he  bonds and finds love for this special person. A movie with some hilarious  situations and some to make even the stone hearted teary eyed. Hoffman  deserved that oscar 100%. One of the best acting performances I have ever  been privalaged to have seen. This an essential to any DVD collection. A  true film of the soul!
0399226907|5.0|My two and a half year old son absolutely loved it and could not put it down.  The fact that it is a tiny book suits his little hands even better.  I remember reading the same story but from the regular-sized book to him  and he was barely interested - perhaps it has something to do with not  being able to have a full view of the pictures with colours filling up most  of the page.  This is not the case with his tiny book as the tiny pictures  filled the tiny pages very nicely.  I would recommend this book as an  effective means to stirring a child's interest in books and reading.  I  know that for my son this book is and will be his all time favourite.  Eric  Carle has an unusual way of capturing my son's imagination and fascination!
0060920084|3.0|Bill Bryson is a wonderfully gifted, clever, witty writer. At his best, he can be utterly charming and/or side-splittingly funny. Much of Lost Continent, however, is not his best. Indeed, much of it is just plain  mean-spirited. His targets here are so easy. He seeks out the tacky places,  then lampoons them as tacky. Well, yes. At times, he displays a  mean-spiritedness that is almost scary, such as when, while listening to a  banal conversation among a few Georgia ladies about birthdays that they or  family members share w Presidents. Innocuous enough, if banal, right? I  mean, most of my conversations &amp; Bryson's I would venture, are equally  banal, if eavesdropped upon. Bryson's reaction: &quot;I toyed for a moment  with the idea of grabbing the woman by both ears &amp; driving her forehead  into my knee.&quot; Whoa, Bill! Go straight to anger management class, do  not pass go, do not collect $200. And the unresolved issues with the  father!  Get a shrink!  There are enough honest laughs here that I can't  rate it less than 3 stars. But lighten up, big guy! At least he did in Walk  in the Woods. I look forward to his new travelogue in Australia, if firm  hopes that he has now exorcised all his demons.
0395645662|5.0|Lois Lowry came up with a great idea when she wrote &quot;The Giver.&quot; The Giver is an excellent science fiction book that gives the reader a taste of what our world would be really if we all were the same. The book itself is told in past tense by a narrator,which is the point of view. The main character,Jonas,is trapped in a world which he does not know truly  about until he is elected the new receiver of memories in his community. He  learns the ways of the past from a man called &quot;The Giver.&quot; He  also learns how life and the world used to be. Jonas grows tired of these  scary memories,however the Giver and Jonas decide to make a plan for Jonas  to go to &quot;the beyond.&quot; The plan succeeds and Jonas makes it. This  book is very exciting and kept me reading. I have no complaints what so  ever!
078401020X|5.0|IT IS NOT ABOUT SEX OR ABOUT MICHAEL DOUGLAS'S PERSONAL COMPULSIVE OBSESSION WITH SEX. IT IS ABOUT A IMPECCABLE THRILLER ; A MIND GAME : EVERY TIME YOU SEE AN ICE PICK YOU SEE THE LAST PICUTRE OF THE MOVIE &amp; YOU  WONDER DID SHE USE IT OR NOT ?
6305363668|4.0|This really is good movies with wonderfull atmospherics, but it's not nececerially a great movie. Every time I see it I think to myself this movie should have been longer and with a slightly quiker pace.  What's on  the screan is good, for the most part, but a better script and better  plotting would have helped. It could have had more scenes with the  replicants, Ford's characer should have had moments (like in the novel,  &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?) where he could suffer from  self-doubt and question is &quot;humanity.&quot;  (Roy Batty's metting with  his creator, Dr. Tyrell is one of the best scenes, but it could and should  have been longer and more involved.  Having said this I for some strange  reason this movie is one of my favorites.  There is something hypnotic  about wathing this movie, and like most films that do that some people are  intriqued and other's a board to tears.  And on a final note I preview this  to the other version, beacause while the vioce over's added atmosphere it  over explainded the obvious. (Please excuse the rambling in this review I'm  typing while thinking my thouhts and I'm not used to doing that)
0887081770|5.0|My two and a half year old son loved this book too apart from Eric Carle's The Very Hungry Caterpillar.  This book speaks volumes for little ones - it is no longer wishful thinking for them to &quot;get at&quot; the moon.  Yet  another gem from Eric Carle and I am glad that his book did not disappoint.   Books like this are rare because it takes a gifted writer to perceive  things from a child's view and most of us have grown so up and old to ever  remember what it was like and what mattered to us when we were children.
0553213105|5.0|Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen, truly shows what great books are made of.  The novel revolves around a distressed mother desperately trying to marry her daughters off before her husband dies.  As a result, some  hilaroius mishaps and  misunderstandings occur, turning the novel into a  humorous love story.  Its conclusion will leave you smiling for days.  A  great book for anyone interested in love and all its follies!
B000002PCS|5.0|John Barry is a wonderful and beautiful composer. I have listend to his music since I was a teenager. It has always touched me and his music is recognizable in all his movies. He wrote James Bond, King Kong (with  Jessica Lange &amp; Jeff Bridges), My Life (with Michael Keaton), Indecent  Proposal, Dances with Wolves, Out of Africa,The Specialist (with Sylvester  Stallone &amp; Sharon Stone) and many more.  As you can see, I am a fan and  know all of his music.  If you've ever seen any of these movies, you've  heard his music and you know it is beautiful!  Enjoy and dream!
0375751513|5.0|This is a book that will leave you with something. It is a book to ponder and discuss. Dorian Gray is full of dangerous ideas that make the mind wonder and question ideas that have been held since thinking age. Read this  book and see things differently.
B000002U8A|5.0|I first bought this album at the age of 14, and I wore it out. I attended their concert, and had the time of my life. I bought the T-shirt; my mom thought the symbols had some hidden satanic meaning and secretly tossed my  T in the trash. I sang the lyrics at the top of my lungs, not knowing what  the hell they meant, and frankly, I still don't! I majored in literature  and am great at discovering the deeper meanings in poetry. This stuff has  no deeper meaning. It makes no sense at all. But Simon's squeals and sighs  makes it all right. And it's still one of my favorite albums, ever!
B0000009OX|5.0|I remember SO CLEARLY the first time I heard this album - it had just been  released, and I first listened to it the night before going out of town for  a week...that whole week away, I was dyin' to get back to this album! A  TOTAL POP/PUNK CLASSIC IN EVERY WAY. Don't miss this thrill!  The  Undertones, in my opinion, were THE MOST UNDERAPPRECIATED ROCK N ROLL BAND  EVER. When they split, and some of the members formed That Petrol Emotion  (TPE in title above), I felt that T P E were the SECOND most  underappreciated band ever! I've genuinely MOURNED the breakups of only 4  bands of my generation: The Jam, The Smiths, That Petrol Emotion and THE  UNDERTONES...
0679746048|2.0|This book started out as an entertaining and enjoyable read.  It was easy to build a relationship with the characters.  BUT when you get to around the middle of the book, Kaysen veers off track and loses the 'story line'  altogether.  Could have been a great book, ended up being a bore...<BR>   <BR> I wish I had only paid 1/2 the price for a book that was only 1/2  enjoyable.
6305750750|5.0|OK, you all you need to find your innerchild and watch this movie! I was 11 years old when the first film came out and I was hooked forever. This movie is for those 11 year olds today..and guess what..most of them loved  it!  So many of you complained about Jar Jar..did you know people said the  same things about R2D2 and C3PO when the first film came out? Or that  people bashed Yoda's character? Come on you guys this is not a great  sweeping Epic drama like Gone With the Wind it is a wonderfull joyous trip  to fantasy and dreamland! If you cannot take some of the step there on your  own then no wonder you didn't enjoy it. Lucas cannot do all the work, your  imagination has to work too!  This is an excellent film. The people who  asked about the difference in the technology have to think about how the  Empire came in a destroyed things later, the Jedi, the Republic..think of  the dark ages when mankind plunged into a dark period of history and much  was lost. That is why the equipment is not a pretty in 4, 5 &amp; 6. The  Republic is over and the Empire has control..no one has the money to be  pretty. Enjoy this film as you would if you were 11 and you will love  it!
B00001NFCY|5.0|The day I bought this CD I couldn't stop listening to it.  I truly miss good rock bands. I am excited about Creed and can't wait to hear My Own Prison. I just hope that they will come to Austin sometime  soon.
6305537798|5.0|10 Things I Hate About You is a a so funny.  Plus it is a great comedy about two hearts unwilling to love until they find each other.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Arguably the least accessible of Kubrick's major releases, this film still remains the single greatest example of his recurring themes, ideas, and overall style. In addition to the revolutionary (and still, 25 years later,  never surpassed) use of camera and lighting, Kubrick reinvents a genre  often bloated with inaccuracy. Because he insists on a deliberate pace and  stifled emotions, Kubrick captures the lifestyle of the 18th century better  than any previous filmmaker. In other words, this is a film literally  taking place in a specific era rather than remaining a typically modern  interpretation of past events. And the story itself? A deceptively simple  tale of an opportunistic cad who seeks (and loses) fortune and distinction.  Yet, Kubrick is after much more here. As he examines dehumanization and the  ritualization of human behavior, he subverts the genre by presenting  unattractive, aloof, self-serving characters, most prominently in the lead  role. Using narration, he mocks the ambitions of his characters, revealing  information that would remain hidden if not for the omniscient voice. There  is little doubt that the film is slow, but the glacial pace allows for  contemplation and involvement in ways few films do. Underrated,  underappreciated, and ripe for revisiting.
6305263248|4.0|Great guy flick, real time racing through the narrow streets was exhilarating to watch on a good large screen. Story line as well as the actors were believable. You may want to add this one to your collection  along with Hunt for Red October, T2 and True Lies as well as Jurassic Park.
B00000J7S8|5.0|...she's making love to her listeners.<br />Her voice is smooth, rich and  deserves the repeat button on the stereo. Krall teases with each caress of  a note and you remember what it's like to be in love...even with  &quot;Popsicle Toes.&quot;<br />This performance is the cream of the crop; the  Grammy well deserved.<br />Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh SWEET music! Buy it.
B000002UVZ|5.0|This is a great cd!  Great mix of songs.  Personal favorites: These Days, Superman, Fall On Me, and Begin the Begin.  I can't believe I waited this long to get it.  Just one more in a long line of great cds.
0792835719|4.0|I remember seeing this in the theater when I was just a kid and it has stuck with me ever since.  The special effects were certainly state-of-the-art for the 50's..few movies of that time can equal it.  The  dialogue can be a bit silly sounding, and it is always amusing to watch the  50's idea of hi-tech equipment versus what we know now!  Leslie Nielsen was  a very earnest Captain (again, a funny counterpoint to his later movies as  hapless Frank Farmer in the Police series).  And it is always great to see  a young Anne Francis in those wonderful short dresses!  Overall, a true  classic of the time and genre and a movie that will be fun to watch  forever!
B000002H70|5.0|That is the one word to describe this album. You can call it dark, you can call it soothing, you can call it heart-warming, you can call it depressing, you can call it morbid...but none of those words really truly  describe the power of this album. Only one thing to say: beauty in  disintegration. This is an album to sit in a dark room, eyes closed,  candles burning, entranced with the feeling of a pair mysterious arms  embracing you. The songs on this album are personal, intelligent, filled  with lovely melodies that are on the verge of being infectious, but possess  genuine emotional appeal that can soothe the tortured soul. &quot;Pictures  of You&quot; is my favorite for some very personal reasons, but it is a  song that holds a very strong chord with the listener. The same can be said  for &quot;Closedown&quot; and &quot;Plainsong,&quot; and after you've heard  &quot;Lullaby&quot; (titled in its very literal sense, for sang this to a  friend's baby to sleep for the three days I had to babysit), you're sure  the album is going to maintain the soothing melancholy. Until the album  turns to a harsher sound with &quot;Fascination Street&quot; and  &quot;Prayers for Rain.&quot; The title track to me is the most  atmospheric, with child-like voices echoing with Robert Smith's. This is an  amazing album that is filled with a genuine darkness that's actually  passionate and intelligent. When life is at its darkest, this is the album  to listen to, for while it mirrors the darkness, it brings a subduing  vitality of light to the listener's ears. If you don't have this album, you  are missing out on a truly beautiful experience.
B0000047CX|5.0|I first heard some of this music during the early 60's when I was just a kid..Then at the age of 37 went to France for 3 months where my husband was installing the tilt racks for one of the new luxery liners, all the way  back to the port in Miami the French workers kept playing this album over  and over through out the whole ship. (it was just crew staff on the  crossing over to the u.s.a., anyway I had the good fortune to get the  artist name and title of this CD - (Album at that time), and when I got  home I bought it right away, and it's always been one of my all time  favorites. Ya just can't go wrong with this CD.  It's one of the best, of  the best.  I play it all the time and is great for  sounds out around the  pool in summer. Every track on this CD is just great! It's well worth the  money.  You will really miss out on exceptional sounds if you don't grab  this one. It's a keeper.  Enjoy. Donna Fuller
B00000J7J4|5.0|I absolutely love this CD.  Santana has really outdone himself this time.  His Guitar playing is wonderful and has only gotten better over the years.  I found the song &quot;Smooth&quot; to be so erotic, sexy, and fun. I also  found myself swinging to the music and then I would stop for a second or  two, just to listen to how well he plays that guitar.  You will want to  savor every note in every song because he plays so well.  Santana has not  missed a beat at all.  Every song is just a delight.  I think he truly  earned and deserved the Grammy Award for the best CD of the Year, if for  nothing other than the song &quot;Smooth,&quot; but this CD gives you so  much more.  Welcome back Santana!  We missed you.
B00000JCB2|1.0|combine rap and rock.  Great idea!  How about a band that looks cool in  their Abercrombies?  Even better!  Oh, and don't forget the swearing and  obscene lyrics.  The kids will eat it up!
B000001FS6|5.0|This was the second U2 album I ever bought...  Achtung Baby was the first.  I was about 13 at the time...am 19 now, so it was a while ago.  I didn't know until years after I fell in love with Rattle and Hum that it wasn't  well received by fans or critics when it was released, which I thought--and  still do think--was an abomination.  Nothing could be a more perfect link  between The Joshua Tree and Achtung Baby than this CD.  These songs have a  passion that I rarely find in music, even  U2 music recently.  I can't  listen to Rattle and Hum without getting a warm feeling in my chest....   Along with Achtung Baby and The Joshua Tree, I personally think this is one  of the best U2 albums ever.
B00000I8UE|5.0|Wilson's smoky voice and interpretation of Miles Davis music is so extraordinary, you just have to buy this album right now.
B000001DQI|5.0|This is classic Elton at his greatest!  Bennie and The Jets, Candle In The Wind(I find this version much better than the 1997 version), Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting are his more  famous songs from this album and believe me they are fantasic but all the  other songs are just as good..no album fillers.  You must get this album.   I'm  not too big a fan of Elton's recent work(ie. &quot;Circle of  Life&quot;, &quot;Can You Feel The Love Tonight&quot;..ughh...pass the barf  bag) but it doesn't matter if you're not either.   Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road is nothing like it. Elton John's talent really shines through. I would  give this album six stars if I could.
2266061283|4.0|I found Bonjour Tristesse an incredibly moving and stimulating book, which I would recommend to anyone who is intruiged by the emotions that a young woman goes through during her adolescense.  The book touched on love, her  relationship with her father and the other women that enter her and her  fathers life.  Sagan writes with a flowing and very realistic style, which  I found interesting to read.   A really fresh and thought provoking book  with an excellent ending.
0880389052|5.0|This is the best book ever.  I never even read before I got this book.  Now I read every book with Drizzt I can find.  If you like good hardcore fighting this is the book for you.
B000002GLE|5.0|If you have not considered Sting as a top class artist up there with the likes of Eric Clapton.  Just to here him live without visual affects you will instantly agree he and his music are something very special.  This  album has all the qualities of a genius at work, setting the benchmark for  other artists to follow.  Yes I am a fan!  Take a listen for yourself, see  if I'm not right.
B00001SIES|5.0|It's fantastic!! I am a huge Radiohead fan (I love Nirvana too), but that  definitely doesn't mean that only Radiohead fans will like this CD, as it  has a unique sound, and although Matthew's vocals sound scarily like Thom  Yorke at times, (which is, admittedly, one of my favourite Muse details)  their music differs from Radiohead's music in many ways. As for my  favourite songs... &quot;Sunburn&quot; is obviously wonderful, I bought the  album after hearing that song on the radio, &quot;Falling Down&quot; (such  beautiful vocals), &quot;Cave&quot;, &quot;Showbiz&quot; (one of my most  favourite ever songs of all time ever, together with &quot;Sunburn&quot;),  &quot;Uno&quot; (that song rocks!!! It's so much fun to listen to) and  &quot;Overdue&quot;. But however much I listen to the final track,  &quot;Hate This &amp; I'll Love You&quot;, I just can't decide whether I  like it or not. It's just one of those songs.<br />Another thing, I'm not a  huge fan of &quot;Muscle Museum&quot;. Yes, I do know I'm possibly the only  person in the world. It seems to be everyone's favourite. And I just don't  understand. I always seem to be different. But anyway, if you've heard  &quot;Muscle Museum&quot; and you're not keen on it, PLEASE don't be put  off by it, because I'm not keen on it either but I still found the album  AMAZING.<br />Don't let this album pass you by. It's a fantastic piece of  work.
6304708491|5.0|And I have never heard Clark Gable sing Lennon and McCartney!  I guess you really had to be there to really enjoy this movie.  There are few things that preserve the past like film and this one certainly does preserve the  flavor of the times.  This film does not make a great political  statement...its just a lot of fun.  You can argue movie titles, it was  originally &quot;Eight Arms to Hold You&quot;, I have the first release of  the 45 from &quot;Help&quot; and the lable on the record reads &quot;Eight  Arms to Hold You&quot;, refering obviously to four Beatles times two arms  or maybe the goddess of the religeous faithful of the movie.  Watch this  movie with someone who was there they can try to explain the feeling of the  times.  You can criticize the plot or the lack there of, but this is not  your Oscar winning &quot;Gone with the Wind...its just a lot of fun...so  enjoy!
6303168507|5.0|I usually like violent movies.  But this one brought me NO JOY.  It defanatly was the most impacting film I have ever seen.  I will probrubly never see a movie that impacts on me so much.  Liam Nesan did a great job  being Oskar Schindler.  When all of those ashis where falling from the sky,  I thought that it was snowing.  And that was incredibly impacting when they  showed the scene where the nazis were burning the dead jewish people in  that big bonfire.  It did have a lot of nudity in it.  But it was a great  movie.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Dido may not be an angel but she does have wings. Her lyrics while at  times trite spill her thoughts with ease as she sings with a chirpy  luminosity. Her undulating rhythm helps her float from mood to mood.  Thankyou displays her deep love for another. Don't Think of Me reveals she  is no pussycat.
B00003XACV|4.0|I thought that Danny Elfman was the foremost composer of soundtracks.  Now  comes a new rival in this repetoire, Thomas Newman, haunting melodies,  unusual instruments, and all.  With his out-of-order tracks and to the  point arrangements, he paints an audio world that is &quot;American  Beauty&quot;.<br />My favorite is track 2, a short piece, but gives you the  feeling that you are lying in a bed of rose petals.  Another is track 18,  the piece that we find at the end of the movie.  I can hear the monologue  playing in my head as this quiet song flows.<br />I have tried to find fault  in this c.d., but none so far.  Maybe the little sound of a conductor's  wand tapping (I won't say which track.  You find it!) is it's only folly.   This is the perfect album for relaxing.  For those who are Danny Elfman  lovers, open your minds, hearts, and wallets to this absolutely beautiful  soundtrack.
0060930187|4.0|&quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is a dramatic and touching book following the life of the young woman named Esther Greenwood. I personally enjoyed this book to a high degree. Sylvia Plath takes the reader on a trek, where we  view the downfall and destruction of the book's heroin, Esther.    Esther starts her post college year as an aspiring writer doing what people  that age do. She attends parties and bars, leading the life of a normal 23  old woman. However, Esther enters a downward spiral into a world of  entrapping depression.  I like this book for the complicated and well  structured plot system which Plath provides for the reader. I especially  enjoyed how the book so well introduces us and acquaints us with Esther.  Around the first few pages, Esther speaks of her constant desire to eat.  This kind of common thought dialogue so easily acquaints us with Esther,  therefore understanding and liking her. Thus by witnessing her thoughts, we  feel overbearing sympathy for Esther as she slowly but surely enters a dark  and gray realm of anger and depression. Plath does well at structuring  Esther's downfall. Not just one event makes her break down to her knees,  but the sum of small futile events.   All of Esther's colleagues around  her prosper with significant others and job lives, as she is blatantly  turned down by an eccentric man and as she loses a chance to write a  powerful article which she very much wanted. There Esther sits, in a bell  jar as an observer. She observes everyone around move forward on the road  of life, as she sits back watching everyone disappear in the far distance.    Certain points of the book seem to drag on, losing some feel to Plath's  writing. For a clump of pages, Esther continuously speaks of her  ex-boyfriend, Buddy Willard, which gets old really quickly.    Truthfully, I do not have much negative to say about Sylvia Plath's only  novel. It is a very moving book with dazzling imagery as well as many  poetic gestures. I would<br />recommend this book to anyone with an open mind.  If you read this book and say &quot;What a crazy lady,&quot; then this book  was NOT for you. If you have an open mind to these types of situations,  then this is the book for you. Girls might enjoy it more than men because  since Esther is a female, girls can obviously relate much easier than guys  can.
B000002U9E|5.0|WOW!It's the best CD I've ever heard! there is so many good songs in this album,like(hounds of love),(cloud busting),(The big sky)&amp;(Hello earth). You must have this album!
B000006IFF|5.0|wanna see how it's good and we want to buy now
B000002AS3|5.0|Whan Oasis exploded onto the British music scene in 1994, many thought them the true successors to that other great underground Manchester band, The Stone Roses. They had the swagger, they had the sneer, and more  importantly, they had the songs.  Definitely Maybe is testament to that.  From the opening bars of Rock N Roll Star, the bravura of a band who knew  they had the world at their feet was agressively evident and in Liam  Gallagher they possessed one of the truly great frontmen of the 90s.  Definitely Maybe is an astonishing debut and far superior to the 12 million  selling (What's the Story) Morning Glory.  It is rawer, heavier and more  confident than the subsequent Oasis albums, and all the better for it. Noel  Galagher betrays not the merest shadow of a doubt that he knew he was one  of the greatest songwriters Britain had produced in years. His lyrics have  often been cricicized, but with the supreme arrogance and honesty of youth  he put some fantastic lines into his brother's mouth - &quot;I can't tell  you the way I feel, cos the way I feel is oh so new to me&quot;, &quot;I'll  be scraping your lives from the sole of my shoe tonight&quot;. There are no  bad tracks on the album, and some real monsters too.  Supersonic, Colombia,  Cigarettes and Alcohol, Bring it on Down and Live Forever are all fantastic  songs, but none of them surpass Slide Away, a raw, tender, joyfully  euphoric six minutes of Gallagher brilliance. <br />That Oasis were not the  messiahs is now painfully evident. They have never managed to recapture the  exuberant majesty of their first album, and although they have displayed  the odd flash of greatness since (on songs such as Some Might Say, Do You  Know What I Mean and I Hope I Think I Know) I fear Oasis are a spent force.   But if you want to know how great they once were, ignore the last three  albums and head straight for Definitely Maybe - you won't be disappointed.
0425170349|2.0|While I love everything else Clancy has written, this book was a disappointment.  The same Clancy technical knowledge is there, but the plot leaves you wanting more.  It starts great, but by the end it becomes a bad  spy novel of world domination.  Read Jon Land if you are into that,  otherwise go back to Clancy's other proven winners.
0385493800|4.0|There is always something very special about opening a new book by John Grisham.  He has this &quot;magic touch&quot; to dig out subjects to a legal thriller nobody can imagine.  The Testament is a great example.  A crazy old man, greedy relatives, a drunk burntout lawyer and 11 Billion  USD, this book has it all.  Ok, it seems like Im writing for the publisher,  b.c. the plot seems a little thin at the beginning, BUT...Grisham is the  master of storytelling, and he makes even a dullest matter interesting,  simply by putting his pen on the paper.  This is certanly a must read for  all thriller fans.
B00003652R|5.0|well, it seems that some people have not read my member page. mark, some of my fave bands are from the 70's, and 80's, hell even way back in the 60's. this is a great album, but it is without a doubt, an album of it's  time. AOS for instance, could have been made in any decade. i think fish is  great, i have seen him in concert, i own every one of his cd's, and all of  his marillion stuff. including both of their live ones with him. it's just  that hogarth has a much rangier voice, and he can also play instruments  well.
0590353403|5.0|HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE, the first ofJ.K. Rowling's books in a sone to be seven book series, is a truemasterpiece of children's literature for young and old alike. Rowlingknows every child and tribulation of wizardry as portrayed in the fantastic life of young Potter.  The book is full of amazing descriptions, imaginative detail, and exciting adventure. This story will leave you &quot;spell-bound.&quot;
0780625129|5.0|Wow. When I first rented this movie I thought it was a bunch of skin heads runing around and killing people. Not true! This movie is very deep and really makes you think. Its about a Skin head (edward Norton) and his  little brother(Edward furlong) Growing up in a world full of hate for  blacks and imergrents after there dad was killed by one. It's a great film  and it tells that life is to short to hate each other all the time. It was  great and it changed the way I look at people now. amazing.
B00003CWPR|1.0|No plot....too much of Nicole loving her body....no storyline whatsoever.  I usually like Tom Cruise, however, adding him with his wife made for a bad combination.  Tom, learn from your mistakes.  No more movies with the  wife....
B000001Y42|3.0|With the blaring of guitars and the blurting out of strange lyrics Limp Bizkit has toaly messed of the way I look at music. Is it Metal? Rap? Both? I must admit that &quot;Sour&quot; is a good song but when I listend to the  rest I wasn't imprested. Yo Yo I raped. I didn't mean to do that, Anyway  I'm not a really big fan of this new &quot;Hip hop meets Metal&quot; fab  thats why a gave it three stars. I gave it three for the way they use Metal  and I took two away for the way they used hip hop(rap, whatever) I was nice  when I reviewd this.
0812550757|5.0|After reading Ender's Game, and loving it more than I thoughtpossible, I read &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;.  In theintroduction, (if you ever bother to read those things), the authorpoints out that Speaker was his original idea.  He wrote &quot;Ender's Game&quot; as BACKGROUND!  &quot;Game&quot; won the Hugo and Nebula awards as a background novel.  In this story we &quot;meet&quot; Ender again, this time as a rather jaded thirty-something man who has to keep his identity a secret.  History has unfairly branded him a mass murderer rather than the hero as he was first regarded, or the abused child he was in reality.  He is the original &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;, a humanistic ideology/psuedo-religeon that teaches the virtues of the truth.  Don't let this mumbo jumbo throw you, its a great read that doesn't get too mystical.  The book would be great on its own, but it's all the greater because anyone who's read &quot;Ender's game&quot; already knows the protagonist in more depth than any character in recent memory from any book.  Ender is our childhood friend, who we have the priviledge of meeting again in adulthood.  The reader will root for the boy to become greater than the myth and end his life of lonliness.  He is summoned to a colony world that has discovered another form of sentient life.  Ender is there to speak a death, (give an honest to the point of being harsh eulogy), but finds himself once again wrapped up in the politics of humanity.  Basically he has to save the Portuguese Catholic world of Lusitania from a variety of things that would destroy it.  What turns out to be his hardest task though is helping a family in emotional distress.<br />If it sounds complicated, it isn't.  Card has given us another moral human tale, told in great detail and depth, yet never boring.  Although the events in this book are far less catostrophic than the events our &quot;hero&quot; went through in Ender's game, the emotional impact is still there.  We see whatbecame of the lonly mistreated little genius, and how his life turned out.  In &quot;Game&quot; Ender was battling for his own personal sanity and survival, playing by the rules of his controllers.  In &quot;Speaker&quot;, Ender fights for others.  He has more control over the circumstances and chooses to help people he barely knows, and the last survivor of the race he was accused of wiping out.  <br />We get a philosophically different book than &quot;Ender's game&quot;, but it still has the power to break your heart and lift your spirits.  We get a whole new set of personal moral dillemas, and see the dark and light sides of relationships.  This book may be different in tone and philosophy than the prequel, but the main player is still intact. If you've read &quot;Ender's Game&quot;, this is a must read.  If you haven't, don't read this book yet.  You'll like it, but that prize winning background novel is still worth the effort before going on to &quot;Speaker&quot;.  These two are the best books I've read in years.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This is one of the best cd's ever... I love What's My Age Again, All the Small Things and Dumpweed and there are alot of other good songs on it...if you don't have it and like blink I recommend you buy it!  This cd is as  good as Dude Ranch maybe even better!   BUY IT!
B00003CWPR|2.0|A tip for all you film students out there:  &quot;natural light&quot;  does not necessarily mean  &quot;brilliant cinematography&quot;.  Okay?  Personally, the glare of the natural light mixed with the generally grainy  image gave me a headache, as well as making it hard for me to make out  exactly what I was looking at -- I have 20/20 vision, by the way.  But if  you think the look of the film was stunning, then more power to  you.<br />&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;  is a Sexual Revolution picture that is  so out-of-date that it's beyond the, say, early 1990's nostalgia for it.   What would have seemed daring in 1969 merely elicits a  &quot;so what&quot;   response in 1999.  The emotionally naive will be provoked by this movie:   &quot;If you men only knew. . .!&quot;  Well, we ALREADY know, just as much  as women know that men are constantly plagued with sexual fantasies as  well.  You need a culture of sexual repression to make this hoary old  chestnut work;  in 2000, there is no such culture.  So the characters have  sexual fantasies -- who doesn't.  Now, Stanley, what is really interesting  about these two?<br />Given the paucity of ideas, one at least expects  something sexy, but Kubrick doesn't even give us that.  This is the coldest  fish of a movie about sex I have ever seen.  Oh, and it IS about sex, by  the way, not all this  &quot;dreams and reality&quot;  blarney that I keep  reading in the gushing reviews.  Otherwise, why the issue of adultery? --  the  &quot;orgy at the mansion&quot;  (a cliche right out of De Sade)? --  the nubile daughter of the haberdasher?  But Kubrick, always the clinical  director, proved unable to make a sexy film, and instead gave us the story  of an agitated voyeur who bumbles into one frustrated encounter after  another.  And that, folks, is no more of a deep concept than real, actual  sex is.  A frankly depicted story of the sorrows of sexual life would have  been much more ambitious.<br />Finally:  the pacing is inexcusable.Why are  they talking so slow?  So that I can savor the gritty celluloid for that  much longer?  Another tip for film students:  &quot;slow&quot;  pacing  doesn't exactly mean  &quot;art-film style&quot;.  However, it CAN and does  mean ponderousness.  And it seems that Kubrick's direction is purposely  ponderous to make all this look deeply thought-out, as if sheer SLOWNESS  would make the film's contents less silly.  Hmmm . . . guess it worked.   But you know?  the masks were terrific, so I'll give it two stars rather  than one.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|You need to keep your eyes wide shut through this very boringand tedious film.  Thank god I didn't waste my time to go see it atthe theater and instead waited for it to come out on video because I surely would have been upset having had spent 3 hours in a theater watching this.  <br />There were so many unanswered questions and conversations seemed to take hours instead of seconds.  There was no real purpose to this film I thought.  It just dragged on and on and on.  There were a few things that took me by surprise, but nothing really worthwhile.  And the annoying piano music which was also evident in his film 'The Shining' was like listening to fingernails on a blackboard.  It was neither &quot;thought provoking&quot; nor a &quot;masterpiece,&quot; but rather a very overrated attempt at film making.  Why people are calling this brilliant and Kubrick's finest film ever I'll never understand.
6303686745|5.0|In short a very well done film from beginning to end. It's not a feel good film. The tension masterfully created in this movie stands as a tribute to the real tensions the world suffered through in the cold war era. And it's  honesty with the subject is surprising considering it was produced in the  middle of the &quot;duck and cover&quot; days. An excellent complement to  Kubrick's DR. Strangelove. It treats the same plot line in a very serious  and realistic fashion.
0446607274|5.0|I really liked this one.  It's fast-paced and entertaining.  I think he's setting Bosch up for a sequel, though, as I did not get the feeling that all of the loose ends were tied up - especially with respect to the conspiracy.  There have got to be more players involved... I'm anxiously  awaiting the next book to see if it answers my questions.
B00003Q438|5.0|If you like the Abyss and own a DVD player because of all the possible &quot;extra&quot; stuff you can get then this is your DVD!  The options are great, both cuts of the movie are absolutely wonderful.  Check it out, you  won't be sorry.
B000002GJH|4.0|Take two Seattle grunge bands who aren't too different from each other in Pearl Jam and Soundgarden.  They occasionally swap band members (Matt Cameron toured with Pearl Jam on Yield), had to compete with Kurt Cobain  for the alternative reign, and had amazing lead singers as well.  Take  those two singers, form a band out of that, and you got one of the most  listenable and accessible albums of the decade.  For starters, despite  Eddie Vedder's instantly recognizable and widely copied vocal style, it's  Chris Cornell who takes over the majority of the singing.  If you ask me,  this was a really smart move, cuz on Say Hello To Heaven and Pushin'  Forward Back, he can really belt it in a way Vedder could only try to on PJ  songs like Spin The Black Circle and Deep.  As for the music, it's not  really a hybrid of the two band's similar sounds, but a much mellower,  bluesier affair, not too unlike Chris Cornell's solo album.  Only on  Pushin' Forward Back and Your Savior does the album show off these two rock  icons' ability to rock on.  Not coincidentally, these are two of the  album's standouts.  Other songs well worth checking are Say Hello To  Heaven, Call Me A Dog, and the 7 minute epic Four Walled World.  Only major  complaints - Reach Down, at 11 minutes and 11 seconds, could have and  should have been a good 3 or 4 minutes shorter, and Wooden Jesus and Times  Of Trouble side-by-side let the energy level sag big-time.  Otherwise an  excellent listen, for grunge fans especially, but for the casual listener  as well.
0446607274|4.0|Angel's Flight is another step-up for Michael Connelly.  The book doesn't break new ground, but it certainly entertains and ends with a bang.  The plot follows Connelly's double climax formula that can sometimes cause me  to loose interest, but this time I was in the dark until the last forty  pages.  Connelly is one of the top three working in the genre today, and as  a fan I've come to expect a lot of him, he doesn't disappoint.  Hey  Michael, how about teaming up Harry Bosch and Terry McCaleb?  Might be  interesting.
B000002C1Z|5.0|I can't really add anything else to these reviews because it's all been  said before. However, i will say that along with WYWH, this is the Floyd's  best album. There is no need to skip tracks; just turn up the volume, lay  back and press play! GET THIS ALBUM!!!!!
B000002IU9|5.0|The sheer power of this Album amazes me.  I can listen to the Demon's Whip  all day and not get tired of it.  Spirit Horse, Power of Thy Sword,  Achillies, Demon's Whip, Burning, Ride the Dragon.  All good not a bad song  on the album.  Master of the Wind is a pleasant relaxant from a hard  hitting Heavy Metal experince!  Time of Kick A** and play metal loud!
0670880728|5.0|It was entertaining and refreshing!  I loved it!
B00000HZFH|5.0|This CD reminds me a lot of Radiohead CDs--at first, you catch a couple of good songs on the CD, but the more and more you listen to the CD, the more you realize that every single song is a work of art.  I can honestly say  this is one of the few CDs I have in my collection where I enjoy every  single track.  This CD is a refreshing change from the MTV/Radio-type music  that is hurled at us.<br />I HIGHLY recommend this CD.
0393038912|3.0|I've read some of the reviews of this book, and they in a large part prompted me to buy it.  A regular theme in these reviews is how common sense or logical the book is.  I found this to be quite the opposite.   Several times in the book Diamond asks the reader to forget common sense,  or debunks common sense with so-called &quot;scientific proof.&quot;  While  I have no doubt of Mr. Diamond's learned qualifications, I have serious  doubts about his objectivity and scientific method.  In fact, he freely  admits he wrote the book for his friends, the backwards stone-age peoples  of New Guinea.  I wonder if in fact Mr. Diamond presented a series of  arguments he KNOWS are weak, contradictory, and just plain wacko, in order  to stimulate some thought and discussion on the matters at  hand.<br />Contradictions I found:<br />Diamond states that technology could not  drift across geographic barriers, and that some societies never adopted  certain technologies not due to their unreceptiveness, but due to the fact  that they were never exposed to said technology.  In the same chapter, he  states that certain crops DID in fact make it across these so-called  barriers.  But the receiving society never adopted EVERYTHING, just the  easy stuff.  So why now did they not accept all the technology again?  This  is a classic catch-22, it's psuedo-science at it's worst.<br />He makes a case  that invention is NOT due to particular geniuses, but due to process.   Exactly, some societies take existing technology and make it better  constantly.  I mean, he's making his own argument AGAINST his premise.<br />He  states that ancient Mexicans did in fact invent the wheel and axle, but  only used it for toys because a human-drawn cart had no advantage over a  porter.  What?  Has this soft-fingered intellectual ever used a  wheelbarrow, how about a hand cart to move his books around?  Earlier in  the book he does state that the wheelbarrow is one of the key inventions  that allowed some societies to adopt irrigation.  I've got to ask again,  did he do this intentionally, (I hope he did,) or is his scientific method  and argument really this shoddy?<br />The list goes on.  I gave the book 3  stars for it's breadth and well-written style.  Mr. Diamond is certainly a  well-learned and compelling author.  However, the arguments he presents are  incredibly weak.  If racist groups had any intelligence at all, they could  use the book as their premise for existance.  This book represents a  prejudicial selection of certain scientific facts, leaving others, indeed  the bulk, out.  If Mr. Diamond had an open mind, he would have changed his  premise by the end of the book just by compiling and organizing the facts  he presents.  I wonder how many scientists are cringing about the Pulitzer  Prize (none, since the PP is journalistic, not scientific.)  This book is  NOT science, it's journalism, written with the now-standard precept of  proving a view, instead of presentation of facts.  I wonder if Mr. Diamond  is still lecturing, I'd love to be in his class and flunk because I tore  his arguments to shreds in front of the auditorium.<br />Whatever your view,  buy the book and read it.  It's definitely compelling, thought-provoking,  and WRONG!
0767825411|5.0|If you grew up in the 80's, you were obscessed with so many aspects of this movie--and rightfully so. The proton and ghost special effects were totally astounding. You wished you had a proton pack. You sat down and drew  a million pictures of Ecto-1 in your spare time. You begged mom for the  Real Ghostbuster toyline figures. You made your parents rewind and play the  Marshmellow Man scene a dozen times when it came up. The first 10 seconds  of the Ghostbusters theme song gave you goosebumps.<br />Now it's time to keep  all of this as a permanent part of your video collection (shame on you if  you haven't already done so in the past 15 years!) Those who do not like  this movie were comatose in the 80's and should not be listened to!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie would be the best i have viewed in my life so far. The brothers should make a sequal. The movie has proven to be a popular one throughout a wide veiwing audience. It has a great story line with great actors to back  it up.
B00000JN3F|5.0|Not very much to say, but this collection is in my opinion an absolute must for all fans of the 'original' Godzilla. The DVD set is a very good compilation of Godzilla movies spanning nearly two decades including  several 'all time classics'. Starting from the very first one from 1956  going to 1969 this collection gives a very nice overview of the work of  Honda. Quality of the DVDs is very good in respect to the old movies. I was  a little bit disappointed by 'The art of illusion'. Nothing about the  making of Godzilla but nevertheless interesting.
B000000WA4|5.0|this is one the best alteritive groups i've ever heard but billy corgans voice is kinda srewy know what i mean
630575067X|3.0|Simple and to the point. The film is quite enjoyable and watchable however the technology used with computer effects does not have the same touch and chararistic star wars class we all loved in the old triology.  Also there  were some real boring bits in the film which resembled more of a story line  from Babylon 5.
0783222955|5.0|everyone has to see this movie. it is the sweetest movie. it's great to watch with family and the children are the best! scout makes the cutest lil faces :) well i hope you take this into consideration! good luck
1570427496|4.0|Great book!   Tear jerker.  Similar to his others.  He's got the tear jerker thing down pat!
B000002ITW|5.0|Just saw the CSNY 2000 show last night in Charlotte.  Guess what... they  still got it!  OK, some of the high notes ain't there, but after 30 years,  what do you expect.  I bought 4 Way Street shortly after it was released,  and after last night, the CD is a must have.  So is the new one... Looking  Forward.  I am!
079070546X|5.0|If you love Chevy Chase see this movie..First off I am a huge fan of The National Lampoon Movies that feature Chevy Chase.  This is a very very very very funny movie.  It's one of the best!
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie is amazing. I do not suggest missing it. It will touch your heart and make you realize what love is again!
B00002Z88D|5.0|... then I would tremendously recommend you &quot;Art Of Life&quot; by X-Japan. Michael Kamen and Metallica are not the first ones trying to mix electric guitars and symphonic instruments. The now-disbanded famous  Japanese group (featuring Toshi &amp; Yoshiki) already knew how to create  such vibrant associations, back in 1997. Give it a try, you won't regret it  !
0380796090|3.0|I guess I'm in the minority here.  I thought the book read like ' Bridget Jones' meets Nora Ephron et al, but in a superficial way.  You know exactly where this fluffy piece of mind candy is going before you finish page one.
B00003A9QL|5.0|... then I would tremendously recommend you &quot;Art Of Life&quot; by X-Japan. Michael Kamen and Metallica are not the first ones trying to mix electric guitars and symphonic instruments. The now-disbanded famous  Japanese group (featuring Toshi &amp; Yoshiki) already knew how to create  such vibrant associations, back in 1997. Give it a try, you won't regret it  !
078322608X|5.0|If you want a great objective review, visit the Amazon.com site and get their editorial review.<br />If you want a quick, strictly subjective opinion about this movie, here it is:  <br />Twelve Monkeys is an entrancing movie  that keeps you guessing throughout.  It's way out there on the very edge of  believability.  It WILL make you think about time and reality in ways you  probably have never thought before.  It's definitely one of the ten best  movies of all time.  Bruce Willis, Madelline Stowe, and Brad Pitt are at  their very best, and probably all deserved Oscars for their performances  (Pitt was nominated).<br />Buy it or rent it!  Watch it!  Love it!
0140177396|5.0|I was fascinated by the name of this book before I started reading it. The story is simple but meaningful. I feel sympathetic and sorry for Lennie, the impeccable &quot;giant&quot;. The ending of the book is unexpected but  sure. I say &quot;unexpected&quot; because George killed his companion who  fully trusted and counted on him. The reason I say &quot; sure&quot; is  that Lennie would not be accepted by the society. This is a bit cruel to  Lennie, but the world is like this. The setting of the ending is the same  as the beginning. I feel serene when I read the ending. <br />Besides the  fascinating story, I was also attracted by the language of the book during  my reading. This book is a combination of nature and humanity. <br />The book  is thin, but what I have learnt from the book is much more than what the  book seems like.
B000001F3C|4.0|I do not like the kind of music that bands like this do. But they are very talented and the songs are awesome. I especially like Sunday Bloody Sunday, and all of the rest of the songs.
B000002U82|1.0|IF you were born after 1965, don't even think of wasting money on this.   It's music for old people (i.e. baby boomers) and pimply-faced seventies  teens with their awful black t-shirts.  Spend your money on a haircut and  &quot;Never Mind The Bullocks&quot; (and, if you don't get the last  reference, you might as well end it all now).  This album is slow, boring  and took too long to make.  If you're saying to yourself &quot;But it was  so popular and it was in the charts for years&quot;, remember that millions  wasted money on bell-bottoms and mood rings.
0140177396|4.0|Of mice and Men is good because it is a thin book that tells a long story. John Steinbeck's description fits the incident that is to occur very well. It is straightforward and sounds very true to me. The beautiful world that  Lennie and George have imagined is not possible to be obtained at that  time. Their tragic end is well painted in the portrait of the circumstance  that they are in. It has called upon my sympathy, making me feel naturally  how unfair that society is. It is a book that will not take much time to  read, but it will definitely tell you something.
6304913176|5.0|I have seen this movie over and over about 25+ times and I feel this is one of the best movies ever.  Another movie that I feel matches close to this is Last Of The Mohicans.  This movie is great because there is a lot  of action and killings.  The storyline is not like others that are so  obvious.  This one has to probably be the best movie ever.
B00000DCHI|5.0|The first and second set on two double-disc onto one single compilation is a wonderful retrospective highlighted journey that showcases through Billy Joel's definitive rock music history work as a singer, songwriter from the  late seventies and early eighties. First disc features albums he recorded  with all his Columbia labels like &quot;Piano Man&quot; (1973),  &quot;Streetlife Serenade&quot; (1974), &quot;Turnstiles&quot; (1976) and  &quot;The Stranger&quot; (1977). Second disc includes the rest of his  record labels from &quot;52nd Street&quot; (1978), &quot;Glass Houses&quot;  (1980), &quot;Songs In The Attic&quot; (1981) with a live version song  called &quot;She's Got Away&quot; in which Joel performed and did from his  first 1971 solo debut &quot;Cold Spring Harbor&quot; that's not included on  here. Also there's &quot;The Nylon Curtain&quot; (1982), &quot;An Innocent  Man&quot; (1983) all digitally remastered and enchanced as well as to this  Greatest Hits volumes from their original releases on CD. Two other  prevously unreleases that were also much important big hits in the U.S.  like &quot;You're Only Human (Second Wind)&quot; &amp; &quot;The Night Is  Still Young&quot; from 1985!
0792835980|5.0|One of the best and most sophisticated romantic-comedies of all time. A rare treat: a movie that features 3 of Hollywood's greatest stars. Impeccably witty dialogue and great acting make this thoroughly enjoyable  and infinitely watchable. Cary Grant should of gotten an oscar nomination  for his performance as C.K. Dexter Haven. Katherine Hepburn is perfect as  Tracy Lord. But it is Jimmy Stewart who shines as Mucaulay Connor,  delivering a sparkling performance. Great direction and an outstanding  supporting cast. One of the most entertaining movies of all time. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
B000002JS6|5.0|This is the only LP of hard rock music I've got in my life. Definitely, I was extremely lucky: I've listened it 1000000 times when I was a teen and teached me playing guitar: any other to say? Now I'm 33, listen only  classical music but enjoyned come back and writing this opinion.
6304007523|5.0|Believe it or not, Sylvester Stallone wrote the screenplay in 3 days because of financial problems. He then went on to create an American Icon; Roky Balboa, The 'Italian Stalion', and also went to the record books for  being one of the few actors to be nominated for screenplay and actor in the  same year (Orson Welles and Charlie Chaplin were the only others up to  1976). Great supporting cast featuring Burt Young who has his best role as  'Paulie', Burgess Meredith who got his smash hit after 120 movies, and  Talia Shire who is a great character actress, makes 'Adrian' a complex and  multi-layered character, Carl Weathers is also great as the cocky 'Apollo  Creed'. The real magic behind Rocky are John G. Avildsen and Sylvester  Stallone, who toguether make this a nostalgic experience and the best and  most succesful sleeper of all-time. The final fight is a technical marvel,  editing, choreography and cinematography are great. One of the most famous  scores of all-time. Seeing Rocky 'go the distance' is as close as a  cinematic orgasm as you can get. One of the greats. Extras: spot the  'Godfather' hitman. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
089845915X|5.0|I thought the Grapes of Wrath was a good book because it talked about the time of the great depression.  It gave a second hand look.
B000007T1M|5.0|I had heard &quot;Sugar&quot; on a commercial for the album on MTV (which in my opinion is never a good sign, albums should never need commercial support). I didn't expect a whole lot out of it, just pretty much an okay  album surrounding a hit, but being a sporting guy I listened to it the  whole way through before judging it. Well I was blown away by it. System of  a Down have a talent unrivaled by any other metal band. The guitars have a  great sound quality that is very unique, and Serj's vocal ability is  amazing, from a roar to a high pitched wail to a very melodic sound, it is  all incredible. Every track is amazing, with &quot;Know&quot;  &quot;Sugar&quot; &quot;Spiders&quot; and &quot;DDevil&quot; standing out  best in my opinion. And if you've never seen them live you're missing a  real phenomenon.
6305127638|5.0|I think that there is no better way to enjoy the quality that your trusty little DVD player can give than to watch this film on, it a must have buy and watch,  A nice presentation of menu screens and one or two little  extras all help to boost the appeal of this little baby!
B000021XS0|5.0|Great album... DT is back with this great concept album... one of the best in prog' history. Jordan rules !
B000001EHS|4.0|An excellent album, overall, but not comprehensive. Not nearly so. I  particularly miss Love and Affection, off Hysteria, though many other cuts  from that album made the list.<br />Pretty much all the songs, including the  ones I'd replace (Rocket, When Love and Hate . . ., etc.) with others, are  good, solid tunes.<br />If you like Def Leppard, even remotely, and don't have  all of their albums--even if you do--short of mixing your own CD you can do  no better than this. Some of Def Leppard's best hits, all in one place,  packs a powerful, addictive punch. I recommend you pick up this record,  upgrade your speakers, and add a subwoofer, too.
0393317552|5.0|A wonderful piece of scientific writing which will shape how we view our world and societies.<br />As for the person who said &quot;i found his book a bit eurocentric. He ignores important achievements of new world  civilizations and focuses on the developments of early europeans  civilizations in the fertile crescent. He seems to emphasiz the lack of  european cultural tools in non-european cultures! Always, the european way  seems to be better in his view.&quot;<br />He _never_ says which way is better  per se, but he does indicate that people armed with horses, cannon and  muskets have a significant advantage over spear throwing foot soldiers.   Primarily though his focus is on HOW the different societies became (or did  not become) more advanced. He does not do this to prove superiority of any  one race/people - more to point out the impact of geography upon the rate  of scientific/technological advance. Basically saying we are all equally  able races but our environment was a key to our development  technologically.
6305750750|5.0|I love &quot;Star Wars&quot;. I so excited about the box set.It's &quot;star Wars&quot; and, the name itself should be enough. Youhave to experienced it, in widescreen.  I'm surprise that the next one will be coming out in 2002. I gald George Lucas is taking his time with these movies. It's an unfinished story. Even when the other movie were finished, I felt that the story needed something else. Well I feel blessed that I was able to see &quot;Phatom Menace&quot; and I hope, I'm around to see the others. Anyway &quot;Star Wars&quot; rules over any movie ever made. This is my opinion. ( BUY THE BOX SET)
B000006MS3|5.0|Beautiful, magical stuff from kate and company here. Heart rending melodies and innovative production techniques make for a true classic. The use of fretless bass is great and whilst the songs cover many topics there  is an overall flow to the sound of the album - the last track is a little  scary though - watch out for eeyore!
B00000IHHN|5.0|At long last, here's a musical that can cope with Les Mis and Sunset Boulevard. You don't necessarily have to know french to begin crying; the music takes you to the edge of the inexpressable. What can I say after all  the other reviews? Just buy this CD now- if not for the others, at least  for that grieving &quot;Les Oiseaux...&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The talented group Savage Garden have done it again, but even better. I have never heard better songs. Its just a cd you cant miss. The lyrics are so good and has a meeening, and when Darren Hayes (the singer) sings  the songs he does it with feeling and his voice is soooo good.
0767840135|5.0|I saw Quidam for the first time about three weeks ago.  I had never even heard of it before and since then I spread the word, now everyone I know is raving about it.  In three weeks I have seen Quidam more than thirteen  times.  I bought the DVD yesterday and saw it three more times.  Quidam is  a work of art which I feel everyone should experience at least once, it  left me speachless and in awe of the amazing show.  A combination of circus  talents and musical story, which unfolds a story of emptiness turned to  discovery of our world and the imagination that guides us.  Awesome  acrobatics and mind boggling stunts to thrill at time and time again mixed  with a soothing and upbeat background music.  A definite must for anyone  interested in art form, music, theater and of course awe inspiring  acrobatics.  Quidam is one I will never tire of, and I continue to be awed  by it with every viewing.
B00003Q438|4.0|Every fan of James Cameron should have a copy of The Abyss intheir collection.  However, I found the added scenes in the Director'sCut added a political message (a la The Day the Earth Stood Still) that was totally unnecessary and anachronistic considering our post-Cold War age.  I also found the tsunami special effect and the TV reporter's acting a little too cheesy for my taste.  The way the alien threat was underplayed in the theatrical version added to the presentation.  <br />The best part about the DVD is that you have both the standard and DC versions, so you can watch both and decide for yourself.
B00000064G|5.0|This poet/song writer typifies the romantic tradition in English poetry and art, and as with all art, there is romance in ever deeper levels, there to be discovered.  Pink Moon is the deepest form of romance, borne out of  dispair and a haunting wonder-lust. And yet Nick Drake breathes magic into  the soft words and deceptive guitar.  There is today, really no equivalent  to this tormented genius.  We can applaud Roy Harper's defiance and John  Martyn's grace.  Nick Drake was almost angelic.  This album stands as a  final chapter in the trilogy of Nick Drakes's recordings, and in my  opinion, is so personal and direct, so intense and uncluttered, it remains  timeless and liminal.
630575067X|4.0|I was suprised by the level of thrashing TPM received from critics and the public alike- it appears that many were expecting serious depth in addition to the requisite visual effects.  But Lucas made it clear from the start  that the SW series was and is intended for KIDS... not adults.  The  characters are cartoonish and the plot is predictable, sure, but that's no  different from ANH, ESB, and RTJ.  The difference, I'm afraid, is in us...  those of us who saw the originals as kids, anyways.  But for the 5-12 year  old set, TPM is as dazzling and inspiring as ANH was for us 23 or so years  ago.  Right now a million young boys are daydreaming about being Anakin,  racing pods (which not even the adults can do!) and learning how to use the  force, while a million young girls fantisize about being a queen who goes  on adventures in disguise, like Amidala.  TPM is fulfilling its goal- kids  are really connecting with this movie.  <br />So turn off that internal critic  and think like a kid again- you'll find that Episode One is as fun and  imagination-inspiring as you expect a Star Wars movie to be.
B00000DLVA|5.0|I picked up this CD early last year while in Sweden after hearing Erase/Rewind on the radio.  I'm thrilled the band has moved away from their light-weight status and taken on a heavier and moodier sound.  If you liked  fluffy Love Fool, you might not like this CD at all.  However, the vocals  are still crisp and recognizeable and while musical chances were taken  nothing here fails.  Definitely worth owning.
B000002KN8|4.0|I know it sounds a little cheesy now, but for the time, it was way kewl.  Depeche Mode are pioneers of synth-pop, and have evolved into an underground sensation and beyond.   My favorites are: &quot;New  life&quot;-Bouncy and jivey. &quot;Puppets&quot;-Dark and juicy.  &quot;Photographic&quot;-Awesome.  Perverted? &quot;Tora, tora,  tora&quot;-Slammin and energetic. &quot;Voices&quot;-Martin sings this one.   Vintage Mode. This is a campy joyride!  Put it on and get all sappy,  remembering how cool the 80's actually were...
B000002WPI|4.0|I also have 'wu-tang forever', and i hope that this one isn't judged by 'forever'. This is a lot more excitement and better lyrics. This shows the real potential of the Wu
B000002952|4.0|This is the epitome of great Latin music.  Gloria has been such a huge inspiration to the Latin music scene, and has helped open doors for many artists.  She is also talented and sexy.  This CD really has a Cuban feel  to it, and sometimes when I listen to it, I get lost in the fantasy of  being at a big fiesta with lots of pretty senoritas and margaritas...It is  refreshing, uplifting, and romantic.  Gloria in her prime.  A must have for  Latin music lovers!  Oye, this is it!
6305282927|5.0|I've always loved this musical. I know people who don't, and I've never understood why they don't like this show, and particularly this production. And am I the only person who never believed that Eddie Albert's character  was _really_ Persian anyhow? I mean, everything else he said was a lie, and  his character used deception and falsehood to make sales. Why shouldn't he  also have been making up an exotic ethnicity?
0783110928|5.0|I first saw Angelina in &quot;Hackers&quot; and then in &quot;Playing by Heart&quot;.  When I saw her in the second movie, I was stuck by her incredible beauty.  Then I began to hear of her in the news constantly and  before I knew it, she was my new favorite actress.  When I saw  &quot;Gia,&quot; I already had great expectations and she did not  disappoint me.  The film was powerful, raw, heart-wrenching and I found  myself cringing in horror at the end, but Angelina did a spectacular job of  making it seem so real and believable.  You tend to forget the whole  &quot;suspension of disbelief&quot; and focus on Carangi's story as if you  were actually there instead of just viewing a movie.  YOU HAVE to see this  movie!
B000001ELP|2.0|KISS and a concept album?  The two just do not mix in my mind. The band  was in such disarray and had no idea what it's identity was after Dynasty  and Unmasked.<br />Musically speaking, this album is very good.  However, KISS  fans missed the pure power of the songs and the diversion into this  artsy-rock just doesn't work.  Apparently, KISS felt the same way as they  got back to their roots with Creatures.
6305750750|3.0|Lacked one major thing, Character Development. Yes the effects were great and I give them props for it, but without knowing where the characters are coming from this movie lacks substance... I waited to see this movie, about 3  weeks after it came out, and I was really disappointed. Having seen the  original series only a few days before. There was just too much hype this  movie couldn't live up to. All in all I give this movie 2stars for the  effects plus 1star for the story. I personally wouldn't buy this movie, but  I know in the future it will be one that I would rent a few times.
B000001DYJ|4.0|KISS, with Bruce Kulick and Eric Singer, were a far more powerful band  from a music standpoint.  The entertainment value was not there though.   Hence, the reunion with Ace and Peter in 1996. These songs are very  powerful.  Detroit Rock City really captures what this band could do  musically at that point.<br />But hey, it's not KISS without Ace and Peter.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I just got the Red Hot Chilli Peppers this afternoon, and I was bobbing my head all the way home in my car. What a great CD, it's got a great mix of soulful sounds, hard beats, and rockin tunes (especially Otherside!) Don't  buy anything else until you get Californication.
6304494653|3.0|The plot was a little trite, but one thing that made the movie interesting were the characters...especially Daniel LaRusso.  Oh, he was so funny &amp; loveable!  Clumsy,self-doubting, his awkwardness was endearing.  He &amp; his mom had just moved from New Jersey to the Southwest, so Danny has  to adjust to desert life, when he'd been used to snow before.  It's funny  how his mom is all excited about their new life, but poor Danny misses New  Jersey &amp; is homesick.  One cute scene in the beginning is when they're  unloading the station wagon(remember those old things?) Danny is bringing  in his bike &amp; he does a &quot;karate&quot; kick to open the front gate.  The gate flies open &amp; crashes into a boy his age.  The embarrassed,  worried look on Daniel's face is priceless!  It's cute &amp; kind of sweet  the way Danny's so embarrassed that he apologizes like a broken record as  he helps the other boy up.  Trouble with a capital T comes when Danny falls  in love with Ali at a beach party &amp; comes face-to-face with the  Cobra-Kai leader Johnny, who happens to be Ali's ex-boyfriend is VERY  jealous of Danny.  Poor Danny tries to fight back, but Johnny &amp; his  cronies pound him into the sand &amp; leave him in tears &amp; badly  bruised.  The Cobra-Kai gang then set out to make life an absolute  nightmare for poor Danny.  He's being beat up every other day as he's  trying to maintain his growing relationship with Ali.  I like his mom too.  I think his mom knew that he was being tormented, even though Danny tries  to cover it up &amp; explain away his bruises as bike accidents(He's not a  good liar).  There's a lot of cute scenes like when danny &amp; his mom  are having dinner together &amp; his mom asks about his girlfriend &amp; I  think I could see Danny actually blush a little!  At a Halloween dance, he  tries a prank on Johnny to retaliate, then runs only to be REALLY pounded,  then good old Mr Miyagi comes to his rescue just as Danny faints.  It's  the start of a odd, but wonderful frienship between Danny &amp; the old guy  from Japan.  Mr. Miyagi realizes that Danny need a little help here &amp;  with Danny goes over to the Cobra-Kai's karate class.  Such a fascinating  scene when Kreese, the teacher, who even MORE ruthless than Johnny, faces  Mr. Miyagi.  &amp; Mr. Miyagi is calm &amp; totally unthreatened as he  works out a deal with them...meanwhile, Danny is cowering behind Mr.  Miyagi, trembling in terror!  A really sweet scene was when danny birthday  comes in December &amp; Mr. Miyagi helps him celebrate &amp; actually gives  him one of his cars.  Danny is so overwhelmed with emotion you might just  get the feeling he'd cry, but then he starts worrying about the karate  match &amp; I could see him shaking a little as he started the car.  I had  a little trouble with the idea of Danny entering a karate contest to fight  back against Johnny, because I'm not sure fighting back is always the  solution.  I would have him maybe stand up for himself in a non-fighting  stance.  Also, I would have had his mom, Lucille, play a more active role  in helping Danny stand up for himself.  Maybe Danny could have enlisted  his mom, Ali's, &amp; Mr. Miyagi's help in staging a non-physical  confrontation to discredit Johnny &amp; the Cobra-Kai so they can't  intimidate him or others.  That would have made the movie really good.ints.   It's  the start of a odd, but wonderful frienship between Danny &amp; the old guy  from Japan.   Mr. Miyagi realizes that Danny need a little help here &amp;  with Danny goes over to the Cobra-Kai's karate class.   Such a fascinating  scene when Kreese, the teacher, who even MORE ruthless than Johnny, faces  Mr. Miyagi.   &amp; Mr. Miyagi is calm &amp; totally unthreatened as he  works out a deal with them...meanwhile, Danny is cowering behind Mr.  Miyagi, trembling in terror!   A really sweet scene was when danny birthday  comes in December &amp; Mr. Miyagi helps him celebrate &amp; actually gives  him one of his cars.   Danny is so overwhelmed with emotion you might just  get the feeling he'd cry, but then he starts worrying about the karate  match &amp; I could see him shaking a little as he started the car.  I had  a little trouble with the idea of Danny entering a karate contest to fight  back against Johnny, because I'm not sure fighting back is always the  solution.  I would have him maybe stand up for himself in a non-fighting  stance.   Also, I would have had his mom, Lucille, play a more active role  in helping Danny stand up for himself.   Maybe Danny could have enlisted  his mom, Ali's, &amp; Mr. Miyagi's help in staging a non-physical  confrontation to discredit Johnny &amp; the Cobra-Kai so they can't  intimidate him or others.   That would have made the movie really good.
0790729628|1.0|I didn't like Blade Runner at all. The special effects were okay but I didn't really understand the movie. I liked the score though, I think it's great but I thought that Blade Runner was really boring.
B00001MXXG|5.0|I first saw this movie this week, and it's in the top five ofmy favorite all-time movies.  Both Matthew Broderick, and JeffreyJones steal the show, and the movie is very well directed, not unlike another of my favorite movies, the Breakfast Club. (Same Director). Anyway, give it a rent, I gaurantee you won't be disappointed. It's very funny, with likeable characters, and some very memorable scenes. (Ferris mouthing the words to Danke Shoen, and Twist and Shout, during a parade, is one that particularily stands out).
B00001MXWX|1.0|I can't beleive I rented this movie. This was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. If I were you don't waste your money on renting this movie it's slow.
0312853238|5.0|I am a writer and I have read this, along with some of Orson Scott Card's books. In the past, I generally wrote poetry and real-to-life stories. It was Ender's Game that inspired me to write science-fiction. Now am write  sci-fi novels. The character profile is superb and it creates an emotional  link to all of the charcters, namely Ender. It is well-written and  discriptive yet it does't leave the reader to sit, oblivious to the  language. I love this book with all my heart!
0792151712|5.0|What's wrong with you people? Titanic is a great movie I thought. The special effects were awesome and I thought Leonardo DiCaprio gave his best performance at the end of the movie. Yeah, I know he didn't get nominated  for it but I think this movie rocks! I have it on DVD and video. When I got  it on video on the first day I watched it twice. I love it.
B000001F2E|4.0|This album marks the synthesis of Rush's side-long science fiction  excursions and odd/shifting time signatures with a more focused sound.   Moving Pictures showcases the tremendous talents of Peart, Lee and Lifeson  wonderfully and concisely, as compared to AFTK or Hemispheres.  The first  four tracks flow smoothly together and are among my favorite to play along  with on my guitar (YYZ especially).  The remaining three tracks after  &quot;Limelight&quot; aren't as well-constructed and focused as the first  four.  &quot;Witch Hunt&quot; is a little tedious, lumbering and lacking in  dynamics.  The &quot;epic&quot; track on this album, &quot;The Camera  Eye&quot; is a little cluttered with synths and background effects and  takes too long to reach its climax.  The final track &quot;Vital  Signs&quot; contains the most scientific/technical lyrics penned by Peart  and can be a little pretentious for some.  However, in this track, Rush's  interjects some ska/reggae into the mix and gives a small hint of what is  to follow on Signals.
B00000G3PA|3.0|I saw this in theaters like 2 years ago and it was okay for an action movie. The special effects were great but I really didn't like the acting and the whole concept of the story. I just didn't like the movie at all. I  did like the ending though.
6302054982|5.0|This movie is a wonderful piece of work about the life of the Mafia in the 70s.  Many of the scenes in the movie though, go unexplained.  This is one of the biggest disappointments I had in the movie.  First, I saw the movie.   Then I read the book, and I must say, the movie follows the book VERY  well, except that it doesn't explain many of the situations.  My advice is  that you read the book Wiseguy by Nick Pileggi first, then rent the movie  and watch all the scenes come into play.
B000035Z2L|5.0|American Pie is funny. It's that kind of movie that you don't want to get rid of. I have the movie on DVD and video and I watch it everyday. I've seen it 100 times and I still like it. If ya'll hadn't seen American Pie  RENT IT! It's an awesome movie you'll laugh on every scene.
B000002I6T|5.0|This album exemplifies the San Fransisco movement of the time.  With its  stellar cast and harmonies by the vocalists and Jerrys magic on the pedal  steel I feel it is one of the best albums to come from the '70s.  It is the  one album I would have if given the choice of only haveing one.
630575067X|5.0|I thought Star Wars: Episode I was alot better than the original trilogy. They should make an Episode II and III. I mean heck they shouldn't have made a prequel trilogy they should of just made another sequel right after  Return of the Jedi like Star Wars: Episode VII. But I think it's neat by  the way they are making a new Star Wars trilogy I think it's awesome. I  can't wait to get The Phantom Menace when it hits on video it will be cool.
B000002I6T|5.0|This album exemplifies the San Fransisco movement of the time.  With its  stellar cast and harmonies by the vocalists and Jerrys magic on the pedal  steel I feel it is one of the best albums to come from the '70s.  It is the  one album I would have if given the choice of only haveing one.
B00000IQC8|5.0|I first watched this film five years ago and couldn't believe my eyes &amp; ears.  It is funny and very intelligent at the same time. I can't say much more about the film that hasn't been said below, however I can comment  on the special features of the DVD edition which pertain to fans of the  film. The extra scenes are a treat.  I especially liked the the few extra  minutes of Jay &amp; Silent Bob in the store in the end.  The alternate  ending was quite a surprise, I agree with the director that it shouldn't  have been included in the movie. In short, if you're a big fan of  &quot;Clerks&quot; the DVD edition is a must because of all the extra  features.
6301161572|5.0|I have a very personal relation to that production. Being a teenage vandal I used to record heavy metal music over the operatic masterpieces on Decca's cassettes - there was a shortage of a quality tape in Russia these  days.<br />One day in was Don Giovanni soundtrack's turn to fall victim - my  friend's Black Sabbath album yearned to be duplicated. I was in a strange  mood so I just turned on the opera to make things worse for me - the usual  teenage masochism.<br />The sounds streaming from Hi-Fi made me listen till  the end. Then I pushed the rewind and listened once more. Got hold of the  film next day. Yesterday was a day of my 100th viewing - give or take a  couple times.<br />Since then I've seen a lot, but Losey's film is still my  favourite. The movie is a perfect introduction to the world of opera.<br />It  takes care of many preconceptions that prevent lots of people from enjoying  the genre.<br />The casting is perfect. Many of us have a problem with  separating a voice and a body. Young lovely virgin sung by colossal diva  does not look veritable.  Wrinkled and potbellied owner of the divine tenor  voice makes us wish for a younger and leaner replacement for the romantic  lover's part. How to solve that? <br />The sensous lips of deliciously  breasted Sophie Lourent were opening to the voice of Renata Tebaldi in  Aida's production but the result is pure kitsch.<br />Enter the Losey's  masterpiece. Everyone is perfectly cast. Ruggero Raimondi makes you care  for the character, despise the lecher and respect the brave man who  challenges Fate. He contributes his eyes to the best closeups in opera  films, his non-athletic body - to the bathtub scene, when the fluffy  clothes are shod and we see that sagging flesh - the striking visual  commentary on the nature of sin.<br />Kiri Te Kanawa is passionately  unrestrained, she stalks the monster, warns the potential victims...and  loves him till the final pyrotechnics. I suspect well after that  too.<br />Donna Anna cradles her purity so fervently that you begin to suspect  that such fervor is meant  to fight the temptation that is equally  strong.<br />Don Ottavio is corpulent and not very brave - his  self-inflammatory singing warms him up for the task ahead. And he looks  funny when informed that after all these trials the physical consumation of  his love is postponed for a whole year!<br />The rest of the singers are also  the perfect match - except maybe Theresa Berganza's Zerlina, who is lamely  coquettish and unconvincing. <br />The production was filmed in Vicenza, the  villas, the canals and gardens combine in a world of beauty. And very  laconical, truly classic beauty that is. No dusty curtains of theater -  just marble, sky and greenery.<br />That production is terribly underrated, it  does not occupy the place it deserves - the DVD is a must, but there is  still no disc, while a host of mediocre opera films has already got their  tickets to eternity.
6305508550|5.0|When the ads for this movie came out I figured it was another generic, tired, '90's comedy.  How wrong I was.  I only saw it recently when a number of my friends recommended it.  I watched it on cable for the 1st  time and was laughing hysterically throughout. This film pokes fun at  &quot;fitting in&quot;, which is the most important part of American  business next to profits.  Each character is an individual who doesn't fit  in the system, be it the rap-loving Michael Bolton, or the TPS-report  hating Peter Gibbons. The 2nd half of the movie moves dangerously close to  becoming bogged down in a rather stupid crime crusade, but it's rescued by  the antics of Milton, a hilarious character who appears regularly  throughout the film. I only wish the film company had done a better job  promoting this movie; it's much funnier than the ads make it seem.  After  my friend and I watched the DVD edition of the film we took time to watch  the theatrical trailer.  We both agreed the trailer was very weak compared  to the film itself and probably kept a number of potential viewers away.
B000001Y2U|4.0|Con un estilo muy nuevo y renovado, estos tipos han logrado sobresalir de  una manera increble. El disco me parece muy bueno y pretendo desearles  mucha suerte tambin. Pero le puse 4 estrellas porque todava no han venido  a mi pas, sabiendo que aqu hay gente que escucha este estilo de msica.  Ojal que sigan adelante.
0684874350|5.0|How I admire Frank McCourt's ability to have gained such character through such incredible adversity.  His gift for writing is evident throughtout the book. The words are down to earth yet thoroughly poignant. I came away a  more thoughtful and grateful American having read it!
B00003CXAQ|5.0|I may be in the minority but I still think this is the best Indiana movie.  People who hate it  are taking it way too seriously. This is not War and Peace, guys.  It has more suspence, more action than the other two films  combined. People point to the weaknesses in the plot. Come on! This is  light entertainment: It was not meant to intellectually challenge you.  Sure, it may be silly but all the silliness is part of the fun. When I  watch it I forget about everything and feel like a little kid again. The  stunts are great, action relentless, the villains really nasty, the locals  exotic. The best popcorn movie in the history of cinema.
B000002C1W|3.0|As far as floyd albums go, it's nowhere near the best, but still good music.It's a good album, but it doesn't capture the essence of Floyd. The songs don't flow into one another. Gilmours guitar work is still true, but  his lyrics are a bit more trite than Rogers'.  If you're looking to buy a  post Waters album, buy &quot;the Division Bell&quot;.
B000002LK1|5.0|By far this album surpasses them all. Personal Jesus and Enjoy the Silence  alone make it worth the money.
B000035Z2L|5.0|I love teen movies, such as, &quot;Can't Hardly Wait&quot;,&quot;10 Things I Hate About You&quot;, &quot;She's All That&quot;,etc.  So I was excited to finally get to see &quot;American Pie&quot;. <br />I was shocked by how gross this movie was.  I have seen all types of movies and very few things surprise, shock, or gross me out anymore but this one did (especially the beer drinking scene). But the movie was still hilarious.<br />It was funny from start to finish with very few slow moments or dull moments.  If you like teen movies, I would definiately recommend this movie but with caution.  If you do not like bathroom humor and strong sexual humor, this might not be a movie for you.<br />BTW, you will never think of freshly baked pie, the same way, again.  :-)
B000000WZ4|5.0|As far as pop music is concerned, Depeche Mode is one of my favotites (The Pet Shop Boys is my other favorite).   Ever since Black Celebration (i am not a big fan of their earlier material) they have been creating great  songs with memorable music and good, at times very dark lyrics.  Although  many songs on this CD  have a sad tone, most  of them have positive themes  like hope,love, and gratitude.   Occasional touches of electronica are nice  too.
6305718954|5.0|Some people have compared this film to the exorcist, I don't know why as it is totally the  opposite, it is not a horror supernatural film ! Basically the plot of the film is that a woman Frankie(Patricia)who is not  religous at all gets possesed by an unknown source and starts to get cuts  all over her body, speak and write a language that hasn't been spoken for  approx 1500 years!  Father kearnan(gabriel burne) is then called to  invesitigate the mystery. To tell you any more would spoil the movie. If  you are religous, not religous, it doesn't matter you can each appreciate  the film on different levels. Buy the DVD, superb sound and picture,  special features include an alternate ending which was not screened in the  cinema and deleted scenes. Good value also.
0792110188|5.0|This is one of my favorite Robert Mitchum films ever.  Looks like no one else guessed who Bart Jason was -  an early film role played with the usual gruffiness by Ed Asner, who later went on to fame in the Mary Tyler Moore  show and then in his own show as Lou Grant.  Right from the start of the  film, when Charlene Holt, who plays Maudie, reminisces with Mitch about  John Wayne (Cole), you see Mitch's head in side profile, like an Easter  Island statue or Mount Rushmore.  James Caan turned in a fine performance  as Mississippi, gunslinger, medicine man, and Romeo (love interest Michele  Carey).  Pre-&quot;The Immortal&quot; Christopher George was also excellent  as Asner's hired hand, the &quot;professional courtesy&quot; gun duel btw.  Wayne and George at the end of the film was nothing short of excellent.  Overall, this is one of the few Westerns I really like.  When I bought this  video at the post exchange in Heidelberg, the cashier asked me if I was a  John Wayne fan.  No, I was a Mitchum fan, I said.  Didn't answer me.  Oh  well.  As my Amazon moniker is hipster, it is also fitting to Robert  Mitchum, who was the penultimate Hollywood hipster. Curiously enough, Mitch  was here in Heidelberg a few years back shooting a movie, and I missed  seeing him.  Knowing that he was here makes this review all the more  personal.
0805062971|5.0|Freakin' movies.  They come out, look REALLY amazing, then you go see it, then you LOVE it, then you learn it was a book first.<br />Yes, I read the book, and it was amazing.  But it would've had so much more effect had I  been able to forget Norton's deranged face as I read.  The thing is, when  you've seen the movie first, the book seems to skip parts of the story,  when in fact, it's the MOVIE that fills in blanks from the book.  And those  blanks are there for a reason - but movies just can't pull that off as  well, and it's understandable.<br />Example: in the MOVIE, Tyler Durden fights  against the narrator in a parking lot.  They get a kick out of it.  They  start to do it regularly, and they eventually get crowds.  Later, a member  of the crowd joins in.  After a bit of this development, they move what is  now called Fight Club into a bar basement, and have regular members.  The  popularity escalates.  Soon, they have over fifty members.<br />Now, in the  BOOK, Tyler and the narrator fight for the first time in the parking lot.   The chapter ends.  You turn the page, and there are ALREADY fifty members  to what is now called Fight Club.<br />Of course, having seen the movie first,  I filled in the blanks the same way the director did, only he was able to  be creative about it, and I was only able to follow in his footsteps,  KNOWING that between those two chapters, the movie script told me what  happened.<br />Summary: both BOOK &amp; MOVIE are excellent, but cover the  former before the latter.  You'll appreciate BOTH a lot more.<br />PS: I like  the book's ending better than the movie's.  (They aren't a LITTLE  different; they ARE different.)
6305750750|1.0|This movie contained too much CGI. I prefer the old Star Wars in which they used puppets and toys.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I just got this CD but I listened to it and some of the pieces, especially &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;, just hit me like a Mack truck.  It's some beautiful music!  If you liked the soundtracks to the other three Star Wars  movies, this is definitely worth listening to!  And if you don't listen to  classical regularly, give this CD a shot.  You just might like it!
B00000J7J4|5.0|THIS CD IS DA BOMB! I LOVE IT SO MUCH! SMOOTH AND LEAVE YOUR LIGHTS ON ARE THE BEST SONGS IN THE WORLD!
B000002OXU|5.0|Some times a miracle of an album just pops up;  You know, something like 10 discs out of all rock albums ever made.  &quot;Who's Next&quot; is one of them.  From &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; to the definitive hard rock  anthem, &quot;Won't get Fooled...&quot; it just brims over of power chords,  great musicianship and lyrics that actually means something.  <br />Daltrey  never sounded more sincere, Townsend and Entwistle never raunchier and Moon  never wilder than this. <br />As for other miracle albums out there: Abbey  Road, Revolver, A night at the opera, Zoso, Secret Treaties, Nightingales  and Bombers, Aqualung, In a glass house...<br />Buy them!  But start off with  Who's next...
630326669X|2.0|This movie is only good when the Stones are on (I love the song &quot;Sympathy For the Devil&quot;). The rest I fast-forwarded through. Godard originally asked the Beatles to be the band that appeared in this  movie. The Beatles turned Godard down. The Beatles were very very smart.
0590353403|5.0|To me it was just another imaginary story inside a fairy tale cover. I detested fantasies, anything made up. If it's not realistic, why read it!  That was my impression of Harry Potter before I read it. Harry Potter is an  unrealistic book (fantasy book, but I don't like to call it that) which is  unlike any other book I've read. I loved it! Every description of every  character is permanently imprinted in your mind. One page of the book and  all those characters come to life in your imagination. Harry, the rejected  nephew of the Dursley's all of a sudden finds out about his second world of  wizards, witches, and monsters. You will be struck, like an oncoming car  with his adventures and challenges. I recommend this book to any one  willing to read it. It's a great read.
B00000K31Q|5.0|THE MOVIE IS TOTTALLY AMAZYING , MEGA SPECTACULAR AND SUPER COOL + THE ACTOR HEATH LEDGER IS A TOTAL BABE !  VERY HOT !  HEZZZZ PROBERLY 1 OF THE MAIN REASONS I LOVED THE MOVIE SO MUCH  &amp; THE FACT THAT IT IS  SOOOO FUNNY !   this movie is a HAVE to seeee !  TRUST ME !
0785787135|5.0|A brilliant reinterpretation of the Arthurian Legend as told from the perspective of the women arround him.  More than just the story of Arthur's kingship; it is the story of what went out of their world forever when  christianity (male) supplanted wicca (female). Contrary to their usual  portrayal, Arthur and Lancelet are not heroes and Gwynyfar is far from  perfect (in fact, she's despicable).  All the characters are tragic, but  Morgaine is so finely and beautifully drawn, that I have read the book  several times over the years.
B00004LN16|4.0|I am a fun since my 15, I have all the albums and I love these guys. However I dont have a problem saying that 2 or 3 albums were worthless.<br />OH MY GOD THEY ARE BACK! <br />Stiff Upper Lip definetly a  return to the roots. Its one of their top 5 albums. <br />Well yes there is a  lot of repetition and the lyrics arent too great... And so what?<br />This is  AC/DC as we always knew them and love them. If you want lyrics read poetry,  if you want good AC/DC stuff....BUY STIFF UPPER LIP.
6305750750|1.0|Face the facts folks, George Lucas was only out to steal your cash with this waste of celluloid.  I mean really, the man had nearly twenty years to create a story worthy of Star Wars and all he could come up with is this  excuse to merchandise his inevitable spin off computer games, toys and  lunch boxes.  If he really cared about the fans or the Star Wars universe  don't you think he might have spent just a little more time in developing a  plot and characters that could at least have been half way interesting?<br />  Besides the lack of a plot and interesting characters there was also a  noticeable lack (and I find this the most tragic of all) of a heart to this  film.  With the other SW films you at least had a feeling that cast and  crew had a love for what they were doing and this some how carried over  into the film itself.  With SWTPM all you get is a complete lack of  emotional highs or lows that made the first three movies so much fun to  watch.  I think part of this is due to George Lucas' insistance on so much  CGI, there is so much of it in fact that you actually feel as though you  are watching a cartoon or a very long and tedious video game.  I dunno but  it seems to me that too much CGI, no matter how good, only serves to make a  film look too smooth, too polished and, well darnit, too fake looking.  But  I guess the real reason for this lack of heart must lie with Mr. Lucas'  script and lack of concern for any real character development.  Proof  positive I feel that George must surround himself with &quot;yes&quot;  people.  Surely someone should have warned him about Jar Jar!<br />  Its  obvious that Mr. Lucas wasn't doing a lot in the way of directing his cast  either.  Most of the actors seem to be just reading their lines and not  even trying to convey any kind of emotion with what they are saying.  Maybe  its just been too long between films for George to remember how to make a  good one.  He has been quoted as saying that the reason for the delay in  production of Episode 1 was that he was waiting for SPFX technology to  catch up with his imagination.  After seeing this film I couldn't decide  whether to laugh or cry at the irony of that statement.he delay in  production of Episode 1 was that he was waiting for SPFX technology to  catch up with his imagination.  After seeing this film I couldn't decide  whether to laugh or cry at the irony of that statement.
0790729628|3.0|Having never seen Blade Runner, and after hearing so many good things about it, I just had to see what the fuss was about. So, credit card in hand, I bought the Director's Cut DVD. I slipped it into my DVD player with  a little tingle going up and down my spine. Then I watched it, all the way  through, twice.<br /> Well, was it what i expected? Yes and no. It looked  amazing, with effects that couldn't be topped today. The look of Los  Angeles was stunning and gothic and oh so pretty. The symbolic nature of  many of the shots added to the atmosphere. The music was effective in its  oppressiveness and spare style. The acting was incrediable. But . . . . . .  . .<br /> As I said above, it was kinda pointless. I never really  connected to Deckard's character. I felt for him, but never really got  involved. The plot meanered, sometimes confusingly, from here to there, and  while it needed to do that to bring some plotpoints home, there really  wasn't any energy for the most part in it (with the exception of the times  when the replicants were killed, and the battle at the end). And, my God,  was it depressing; dark, rainy, showing the decay of society from the  opening frame to the closing shot of the elevator doors.<br /> It wasn't a  bad movie; it looked and sounded as good or better than the movies today.  But . . . kinda pointless. I know it had a message to tell about what it  means to be human, and it told that message.<br />Anyway, 3 stars. Should be  watched at least once, but as to whether you like it, I guess that varies  from person to person.
0385484518|5.0|I had been told that this book was excellent, but until I read it I did not realize how true that was.  I started reading this book on a plane ride home and I had to finish it when I got home. It was excellent!  This book  is an inspiration to both young and old.  It offers such positive advice  for living a life with meaning.  I enjoyed it so much that after I finished  it, I ordered a copy for my Dad.  Get your hands on it today!
0195073401|5.0|The mathematics may be daunting in areas, but this book has everything in it.  The areas of consumer theory is the most complete I have seen.  The game theory section is also very good.  With this book on your shelf there  is little need for any other Microeconomic refrence.
0671042858|3.0|Am I the only one who thought this story was a total snooze? I realise that the premise of the story limited it somewhat but essentially all this is about is a girl getting lost in the woods and having hallucinations  about her favourite baseball player.  After I put this book down, I had  no better understanding of the protagonist, Trisha, than I did when I  started it. The baseball theme was effective, but Tom Gordon's role in the  book is never explained.  I was disappointed in this book, but I almost  always enjoy reading Stephen King. Yet 'The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon'  lacked humour and drama. Worse, it was SLOW. King can do better than this.  Hey Stephen, don't worry, even great ones are allowed to stumble.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This isn't Blink's best work, but maybe they will come back with a faster  album next time around.  This song is a little too sing songy for me, i  like dude ranch better, but its still one of my favorite cds.  Good buy for  new MTV born blink fans.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is the most sincere and heartfelt album I own.  There isn't a  dull moment on the entire double CD.  Every song stands out on its own.   You can feel the torment in Billy's voice and the honesty in his words on  tracks like &quot;Jellybelly&quot; and &quot;Tales of a Scorched  Earth&quot; and songs like &quot;Beautiful&quot; and &quot;Tonight  Tonight&quot; add to the tortured yet somehow hopeful mood that the album  creates.  The songs &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Bullet with Butterfly  Wings&quot; are sort of the crowns of the album but this album must be  appreciated as a single work of art, not just for the singles.  I am a bit  of a Pumpkins fanatic and I consider this to be their best album so far.   No CD collection is complete without this album.  It's a must have.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Although this is not the best Kubrick film, nor my favourite (Strangelove and 2001 would be hard to beat), it was nonetheless ASTOUNDING.  the most common &gt;non-venomous&lt; complaint about this film (which was stated in  an above review) was that &quot;i just didn't understand it&quot;.  the  majority of the film takes place internally; within the mind of the  protagonist.  he obsesses about comments his wife makes about infidility,  and this obsession compels him to do irrational things.  the audience of  the film is drawn along with him (as only Kubrick can do), and thus some  confusion is placed upon the viewer.  but it is a ride like no other; full  of atmosphere and imagry, and emotion and emptiness.  in this day and age  when hollywood films and the american audience is so used to spoon-fed,  mindless entertainment, i think most people wouldn't enjoy a film like this  that DOES involve you as a viewer; make you think as you watch or -- egads!  even AFTER you have seen it.  if you thought The Matrix was an involving  intellectual masterpiece, you probably WILL hate this film.  and Blade  Runner and 12 Monkeys, and damn near anything that does involved 100 bd  explosions and gunfire.  Eyes Wide Shut IS a masterpiece.  it is paced a  bit like a Pavana, and steps quite slowly and very softly.  but the dance  is beautiful, and one that lingers.  this is by NO MEANS an  &quot;erotic&quot; thriller (as has been reviewed in the media; nay -- more  of a &quot;neurotic&quot; thiller.  and it will not leave you untouched.
B000002A33|5.0|At the late 80's where i was for bussness trip in Seattle, a friend of  mine introduce me to a young shy, low profile young man. Mark Lanegan was  his name, and it came up that we have common friends like Karla Togerson  and Chris Eckman (from the Walkabouts). Ever since i am watching carefully  the steps of this band. Of course i have all their alboums. Defently  &quot;dust&quot; is their best. Mature,technical and lyric with amazing bit  and power, at the same time.Although i hear rock for 25 years,i called  Screaming trees as the LED ZEPPELIN of the 90's, and Mark Lanegan as the  new Robert Plant. Ah by the way, buy this alboum but start hearing from the  second song to the last.The first song,propably is there accidently.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is an incredible story about a man that goes beyond all odds against the most powerful country in the world for freedom.  Mel Gibbson exhibits an incredible performance playing as William Wallace who loses  everything and fights for freedom with his countrymen.  This movie got  nominated for ten well deserved academy awards.  A story of tender love,  tyranny and injustice Braveheart is an excellent addition to any movie  collection.  Don't take the kids...fare warning.
B000002J1M|4.0|...since this is a Genesis album, we all know that anything Genesis does is excellent.  Despite the fact that &quot;Watcher...&quot;, &quot;Can-Utility...&quot;, and &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; are classsics, I  have a big problem with &quot;Time Table&quot; and &quot;Get 'Em  Out...&quot;.  I think these are the most boring Gabriel-era Genesis songs  (not including material from FGTR).  Hence, only four stars.  However,  there really isn't a reason to avoid this album.
0792151712|5.0|This was a very good film.  I saw the preview for the movie and I thought it had been told already.  I thought the story was getting old.  The truth is that it was very well told.  Leo Dicaprio did an incredible job of  playing the poor boy named Jack Doson.  It was ironic though how Jack and  Rose ended up together.  Tony said it was impossible to get even into  contact with her.  Jack managed more then that.  Anyway, this movie,  although the story of Titanic was already told thousand times over is a  good movie.  My favorite part of the movie is the part on the Bow, although  there have been jokes about that seen it was one of the most beautiful  scenes in the entire movie.  You see this, you won't regret it.
B00001ZWBQ|2.0|I am a fan of The Beegees so I bought this dvd despite some of the bad critics. Well, unfortunately the critics are true, at least to the Dolby Digital only version I've got. Vocals are weak and instrumental sounds are  neither sharp nor clear, with too much noise from the crowd.Video quality  is as expected from dvd's but there are just too much zooming and panning  from the back of the audience towards the stage that you think you are  looking at a home-made video.<br />Also, most of the songs are not  full-length, therefore it can be dishearting if you expected otherwise.
B000002UKS|5.0|This is one of the greatest alternative rock albums EVER! The songs do take a long time to get into but they are really worth the effort. The first Foo Fighters album is excellent as well. But &quot;There Is  Nothing...&quot; is quite bad, so avoid it.
630179513X|4.0|Marty goes back to the Old West to stop his friend Doc( who was accidentally sent back there) from being shot by Biff's ansestor and after that finding them a way to get Back to the Future.  This film is fantastic.   I don't care what any other people say it is.  Its not nearly as good as  the original, thats true, but what sequel is? I think any one eho gives  this movie less than one star is expecting to much.
0380715430|5.0|Bill Bryson writes witty, interesting books.  This isn't just for the peolpe with a special intrest in the subject, its for everybody.
6302902010|5.0|I have the same wish als Mr.Reynolds. I can nowhere find the video. I was in several shops with video and DVD, but no chance. I would like to show my children this film, which I saw with my parents and afterwards still many  times. I'm looking for it since years.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is the CD that introduced me to the Pumpkins and it is by far their  best CD!  If you are a true fan of the Pumpkins, you must get this!  Sure,  Mellon Collie is good, if you just like what is &quot;cool&quot; but this  is the CD that made them who they are today.  Everything on this CD is p e  r f e c t ! ! !  my personal favorite is Geek U.S.A.
6305342768|4.0|Where's the great animated Disney short &quot;Mickey Mouse Disco&quot; that preceded the movie?<br />Since they skipped it, the movie gets four stars for its incomprehensive ending (Is Reinhardt an angel?) and decent special  effects.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Yuck! Jenifer thanks she can make all of us boys buy herc.d. just b/c she is striped down to a sweater and her panties!O.k. she is a little pretty, but who buys ac.d. for the front cover anyway! <br />Moving on to the music itself, there is boppy/pop music that is on the edge of being flat out annoying. If you would like an example, the song &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; goes: &quot;I'm waiting for tonight..............................WOOOAAAAHHHH! &quot;. While this seems o.k. @ first, it becomes REALLY bad after about the 57th time! I have yet to meet somebody that has listened to the c.d. all the way through without speeding it up, or just turning it off.<br />As if boppy/pop music is not bad enough, midway through the c.d. a big fat greedy rapper comes on the c.d.  to blab about the fact that he &quot;never shares his money&quot;, oh wonderful!  END
B000003N7G|5.0|I am a 16 year old musician who greatly appreciates the work John  Coltrane. I just wanted to shine some light on the messages of &quot;A Love  Supreme&quot;. Coltrane is showing us everything he learned in his life in  order throughout the recording. For example, his first three notes in the  opening chord are II-V-I, the fist thing he learned. The bass line of  &quot;Love Supreme&quot; is up a minor 3rd, and then up a fourth. This is  the same pattern used in Giant Steps, which was shown to him by Miles  Davis. The song is modal in Bb, and the piano uses the chords (which are  all forths) to demonstrate how to voice the chords in modal jazz. Coltrane  then &quot;shows&quot; us how he solos over these modal chords. Another  interesting thing which most people don't realize is the significance of  &quot;Psalm&quot;. If you read the prayer given inside the booklet while  listening to the song, you will realize that Coltrane is actually speaking  the prayer through his horn, beginning at 10:47 in the song. This album is  great to listen to, but it contains so much more. I encourage every lister  to find these messages given to us by one of the greatest geniuses of our  time.
B0000060NF|5.0|Marvin Gaye asks the country a simple question ,Whats Goin On. This is the  R&amp;B equivalent to the Beatles SGT. Pepper and The Beach Boys Pet  Sounds. A must for real music fans
B00003CWL5|5.0|Many people believe that the characters in this movie are considered not &quot;normal&quot;, but who is normal, and who is the judge of normal?  Some of the best acting I have seen in many years, and the conclusion was  fantastic.  It is a movie that really makes you take a look at your life  from an outside perspective.  If this movie does not win best picture and  get best actor at the oscars I will be very upset. If you are tired of the  same boring movies, go out and rent this movie.
0899681069|5.0|I really like this book, I even think that it is better than the movie!  I just wish that the movie was just as good!
B000000W6F|4.0|I'm giving it only 4 stars (Still considered &quot;Excellent&quot;) because though I think its great, its not a masterpiece like Siamese Dream or MCIS.<br />1. I am One - Great Rocker gets you into it with the catchy drum  beat.<br />2. Siva - I swear this was some famous song before. It's pretty  cool.<br />3. Rhinoceros - I thought this song was good, but it wasn't till I  caught it on the radio during the kickin guitar solo that I realized how  truly good it is. Combine both mellow and rocking side of the  pumpkins.<br />4. Bury Me - Another catchy rocker.<br />5. I forget the title -  It's not worth remembering anyway.<br />6. Suffer - Kind of a soft one that is  actually very pleasing.<br />7. Snail - Corgan's favorite from the album is  definitely powerful.<br />8. Tristessa - Another rocker that's pretty  good.<br />9. I forget the title - Soft to begin with, then rocks. Not one of  my favorites, but still good.<br />10. Daydream - Ain't bad, nice and mellow.  That hidden track I think is weird, but still catchy.<br />Sorry this review's  lame and not very descriptive. I'm tired.
0790720434|5.0|I have seen two different versions and I would say that this one was the best of the two.  It was, of course, a great story.  My favorite part was the great acting that they had!
B000000W6R|5.0|The songs come from Gish and Siamese Dream era, so its of that pumpkin sound. What I like is that its not really a formal album, so it wasn't all finely chiseled. This format is one of its greatest strengths.<br />It grows  on you.<br />1.Soothe - Nice little softie to begin it.<br />2.Frail and  Bedazzled - A groover that with the speeding vocals seems almost out of  control, but cool.<br />3.Plume - Slower rock piece, not the best on the  album, but by no means bad. (Pumpkins are on a COMPLETELY different scale  for rating songs)<br />4.Whir - One of my favorite pumpkin songs.  So  soothing, but you can really feel the melancholy sentiment behind the  beautiful instrumentation.<br />5.Blew Away - So-so song out of the Iha  library.<br />6.Pissant - Oh, ya gotta love it. It reflects the senseless  rebel in all of us.<br />7.Hello Kitty Kat - This is definitely a rocker, but  the best word to describe it is beautiful.  It's so well done, and it grows  on you.<br />8.Obscured - This grew on me perhaps the most. So relaxing,  ahhhhhhh, I love it.<br />9.Landslide - Fleetwood Mac's was better<br />10.Starla  - STARLA!  The first five minutes aren't bad, but aren't really good.  It's the six minute jam session that has brought this song a cult following  and a website (starla.org). This song's rad.<br />11.Blue - Okay  rocker<br />12.Girl Called Sandoz - Entertaining, yet less emotional and more  straight-forward rock than most pumpkin songs.<br />13.La Dolly Vita -  !Excellent! soft one that still shows some real Pumpkin Power at the  end.<br />14.Spaced - Weird, but acceptable because of the format of this  album.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin didn't even title the album, but it's the greatest they ever recorded, not, as most would say, due to &quot;Stairway&quot;, but rather, to the complex differences between the songs, from &quot;Black Dog&quot;'s  unmistakeable sound, to Ian Stewart's guest piano-pounding on &quot;Rock  And Roll&quot;, to the haunting vocals of Percy with Sandy Denny over  mandolin on &quot;Evermore&quot;, to Jonesy's recorder intro-ing with Pagey  on acoustic, plus the overall interplay on &quot;Stairway&quot;, to Bonzo's  drum part on &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot;, to the four sticks on  &quot;Four Sticks&quot;, the tender &quot;Going to California&quot;, and  the straight-outta-Mississippi &quot;Levee&quot;, it's the greatest album  by Jimmy Page, John Bonham, John Paul Jones &amp; Robert Plant.
B000002UB4|5.0|After listening to this CD I feel the Beatles had a theme for the whole album. It seems to me that almost all of the songs are written about a man who messed up his relationship with someone who could have been the  &quot;one&quot; and now he's singing his sorrows out to her. Example-  &quot;I'm a Loser&quot;, &quot;I want you, She's so heavy&quot;. There are  several others that fit into this subject.  I want to know if anyone else  feels this way about the album. If there are any reviews that are written  and agree with my theory, please let me know.
0140282033|4.0|&quot;We came on the wind of the carnival. A warm wind for February, laden with the hot greasy scents of frying pancakes and sausages and powdery-sweet waffles cooked on the hot plate right there by the roadside,  with the confetti sleeting down collars and cuffs and rolling in the  gutters like an idiot antidote to winter.&quot;<br />Thus the first two  sentences of a book that was instantly captivating, and remained so,  despite a story line that veered away from the promise of whimsy to grapple  with some of the darker aspects of the human condition - spousal abuse,  social prejudice, religious zealotry and intolerance, and heavy-handed  &quot;management&quot; of the aged.<br />I only wish the author had dwelt more  at length on the subjects of Anouk's Pantoufle and Vianne's talents as a  witch(?). But for these omissions, 5 stars for a thoroughly enjoyable and  satisfying book.
6303430570|4.0|Clerks zeros in on a day in the life of a conveienence store clerk who is faced with making a directional change in his life.  The story revolves around his unwillingness to see his situation for what it really is.   Dante, the main character, shuts out the world arond him and fixates on the  fact that he is called into work on his day off.  Meanwhile his girlfriend  and bestfriend, the video jockey next door, encourage Donte to either  accept his situation or step up to the plate and make a change.  The story  weaves in lots of off-the-wall and totally hilarious scenes riddled with  crude language, sex, and drugs (selling that is).
B000002579|5.0|Wow, Kansas, what a great band.  I first heard the song, &quot;Carry on my wayward son&quot; in my car late at night driving my somewhat intoxicated friend home.  I thought that I remembered it from somewhere else but im not  sure.  Kansas is great.  So not too long after hearing the song, I went out  and bought the album.  I began to listen and it got better and better every  time.  Kansas combines the rock and roll sounds of the late 70's and early  80's along with an entirely different synthetic sound to produce incredible  works of music.  It's great.  Unfortunately, while working on my stereo at  boarding school, the cd was sitting on my dresser, and a flashlight dropped  from my hands and cracked the cd.  That is why I am here tonight writing  this and buying the cd again.  Yeah Kansas!
079213690X|5.0|I was utterly awed by the brilliance and depth of this wonderful story. It touched something inside of me and is inspiring to me as well as any who watch it. It has EVERYTHING you could ask for in a movie-- emotions,  fighting, war, history, evil, goodness, romance, betrayal, comedy, sadness,  happiness, triumph, anger, beautiful music and scenery, wonderful actors  and actresses--I could go on forever. This movie IS based on a true story,  yet some of the facts depicted in the movie are fiction--for example,  Isabella did not marry Longshank's son until 3 years after Wallace's death.  But in spite of this, I DEFINITELY recommend this movie to all--you should  find at least SOMETHING you enjoy in it! :)
6303014100|5.0|I've seen this movie and i love it. It is a very good reproduction of the book &quot;The killer angels&quot; It really shows the emotions of the officers, and the reenactment is very very good. The movie is very  touching, i had tears in my eyes almost the hole movie but especially at  Pickett's Charge. It showed good  historicall facts, like when Lee told  Pickett to take his divison to pull back and defend and Pickett said:  &quot;Sir, I have no division&quot;. I aggree with the person that wrote a  review two reviews down, that they could have shown fighting on the Peach  Orchard, Wheat Field and Culps Hill but it is still the best movie i have  ever seen, with &quot;Glory&quot;  second. I think anyone who likes war or  emotional movies must see this. I LOVED THIS MOVIE. ( When you've seen  this, get the sound track because it is VERY good. Also, go in the software  section and get the computer game &quot;Gettysburg&quot; which is a great  Civil war game)I wish I could give this movei a million stars!  Hope you  get and enjoy the movie!
B0000067L3|5.0|This album, more than any other 60s work, sent more boys out to buy  electric guitars with the hopes of becoming rock stars than anything before  or since. And for good reason. The live recordings on this album gave us a  mountainslide of brilliant no-holds-barred improv and a fiery dynamism that  was the trademark of few bands of the time. It might not have been  Clapton's best work -- for me that was the Bluesbreakers album with Mayall  -- but it was near-genius nonetheless. Much has been said about this  version of Crossroads and you'd better believe it all. Clapton's two solos  on that son, one more incendiary than the other, rate as some of the most  memorable guitar-playing of any rock era. The studio stuff is an added joy  and even Baker's Pressed Rat isn't without its self-deprecating humor.  Felix Pappalardi earns extra kudos for outstanding studio accompaniment and  production. The original cover, black on silver ink, was a landmark of 60s  album design. Listen to the audience on the live tracks. Clearly these  people were there to soak in the brilliance of the music they were  experiencing. You can too.
B000001DWG|5.0|you gotta listen to me, people, you gotta listen to me! yeah, the lord's  comin' down, people, you gotta beware.... he's gonna take you home, eat you  whole, he's gonna make a grizzly bear come outta the closet+eat ya whole.  But those boys in Mother Love Bone they know what's right for you, they  good for ya. Love Rock awaits you. And if you dont believe.... lo &amp;  behold, lo &amp; behold.....
6305513406|5.0|They say DVDs will live forever.  If you are still spending money to buy the original Star Trek series on VHS, you are wasting your money.  With 2 episodes on a DVD these 40 discs (when they finish the series) will live  forever and take up a lot less space on your shelf.  Also the picture and  sound quality are 1000 times sharper than even the Sci Fi channel showings  of the series in 90 minute format (with the interviews) of last year.  So  if you haven't ordered any of the 10 discs that are already available, then  do so now.  Amazon has the best prices of them anywhere, on or  offline.
6305470464|5.0|A very sweet and very romantic movie, that makes your heart smile. Excellent performances of all actors, loved Gillian Anderson in the role of Meredith!
B00000ADG2|5.0|I don't even like hip-hop, but I gave in to peer pressure and bought this album some time ago and BY GOD she is talented!  My friends all have very different taste in music, but this is the one album they all have and all  love. They tend to prefer different songs though, which I suppose is one of  the points - the songs are not all the same like on some artists' albums.  And, of course, it's great for parties! So, if you belong to the minority  of people who don't own this record, GET IT NOW!
0425170349|5.0|i just finished it today...AWESOME!  This book was so riveting, it was really hard to put down! I must say, Clancy at his best!
0060925000|2.0|This book is for people who like Dickens. I'm a big fan of Seth, and have read and enjoyed most of his other books, but I just didn't have the stomach to get more than 100 pages into this. The array of characters is  stunning, and I just couldn't remember each one, or get attached to any of  them. I'll probably go back and read this book when I'm 70 and have the  time to pour over this tome. His tone has a laughing clarity to it that's  wonderful.<br />But for now, I have to give it a miss.
6305095442|4.0|First of all this movie had almost no talking or plot in it until about an hour into it--I bet Ash didn't even speak a page worth of dialog.  The first hour is just filled with scene after scene of Ash getting attacked by  different demons and spirits.  This movie had some redeeming value though,  I thought almost every scene had something laughable about it!  When you  pop in this movie, within the first ten minutes I guarantee you'll be like  &quot;What the hell did I buy this for?&quot; but then after you finish  watching it you'll probably think it was great.
B000002BYD|4.0|This is a great ablum but there are many downs though. Here is a breakdown of the ablum.<br />Worst elements: Where did the rock go? Only &quot;Brian of J&quot; which is a few years old is a traditional Pearl jam song. Ed's  voice comes so close to Neil Young that is annoying. Songs with great  lryics but boring and repetitive grooves.<br />Best elements: Some how this  ablum is addictive. Vareity makes this ablum great. Also it has great  lryics and a great ablum cover.<br />Worst songs: No way(terrible song), push  me, pull me<br />Best songs: Given to fly, Brian of J, In hiding, Low light,  Wishlist(overrated), mcf<br />expectation for the future: Its hard to tell  what pearl jam will do next. In case you did not know the new ablum will be  out may 21
B00000K3UU|2.0|Ok. I must admit i love adam sandler i love billy madison and happy gilmore  but this movie was pure lame  it had breif homosexual content lots of toilet humor and nothing more i think film writers are taking big risks  making this type of movie we the normal folks of the world need to give  them the messege to bring family values back in to films
B00001NFCY|5.0|In my opinion Creed is probably the greatest band to come out in the  1990's. Just like &quot;My Own Prison&quot;, &quot;Human Clay&quot; is a  great album really showcasing the talent of this great band. Every song on  this album (as on the first) is exellent. And my copy is not growing mold  like someone else claims either.
6305076464|5.0|An excellent show, and would love to own it on DVD!
6300183971|3.0|Anyone who has read the book (and understood it)will tell you that the book is much better. The movie on it's own is pretty good, but the book makes more sense, has more of a plot, and explains everything in greater  detail. The plot was simply too deep and complicated to transfer to screen.  You won't understand most of the scenes with the Fremen, the Reverend  Mother, or even some of the Harkonnen scenes without having read the book  first. My suggestion: Buy the book, read, view the movie, ridicule.
B000000H5K|5.0|Listening to this CD, you can hear where Max is coming from with Soulfly. This CD takes a different path than the previous albums. It's less heavy metal and a more experimental/tribal experience. Some guest shots from Mike Patton and Jon Davis make it an enhanced experience. If you like your music hard and loud, but creative, buy this.
B00000IL1K|5.0|When people say she lacks volume and power, maybe that's true- but her voice is beautiful. Who says she has to be an operatic soprano? she has her own sense of style, which I really love. She can change her vioice to suit  different types of music- note the difference in her voice on &quot;dust in  the wind&quot; and &quot;anytime, anywhere&quot;. she is very talented, and  i love hearing her music.
B000002L99|5.0|The best Hagar album (and a hell of alot better than OU812.  All of the songs are good but I love Why Can't This Be Love, Dreams and Inside.  An ALL COOL CD.  Buy it NEW.
6302820448|5.0|How could anyone not enjoy this movie?  I start laughing just thinking about it!  This movie is definitely one to own - I have seen this movie many times, and it has never gotten old.  Bill Murray at his best.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is the best CD ever made.  Tracks 1-3, 6, and 9 are especially great.   Everytime I listen to this CD, I get a new favorite song!  This is a  classic, but can stand up with any of today's brash punk bands!
0446525537|4.0|I read this book in one sitting.  It makes you want to keep reading until you discover the conclusion.  If you enjoy Nicholas Sparks, this book will not let you down.  My favorite Nicohlas Sparks book is The Notebook, but  this book comes close.  I would definitly reccommend this book.
B00002E23H|5.0|Wow.  This is really something.  &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is the story of human experiments to try and find a cure for alzhiemers.  But, the sharks strike back with some smart ideas of their own.  The first half hour of the  movie is kind o fslow, but once the action starts, it grabs you by the neck  and doesn't let go.  Great effects, great acting, great sound, and great  music make &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; a winner in every category!
B000001E7V|5.0|owned this album for years and still can't stop listening to it.everytrack  is good, definatly his best work.stay away from angels with dirty faces  which is a completly different album.angels really dissapoints...
6305358613|5.0|Elizabeth is a beautiful video! it is something to own. great performances, beautiful set and costumes, interesting direction. it is a movie you can't miss and must see more than one times! (i can't stop  watching some sceenes over and over!)
0375703764|5.0|House of Leaves is a literary triumph of the highest order.  Centering around a Blair Witch-esque premise of a horrorific entity that cannot be seen, Mark Z. Danielewski gives the world an innovative way to read a  novel.  Packed with information (fictional and real), Danielewski  tries to  make the reader doubt whether what they are reading is real or very  cleverly written fiction.  From the introduction by Johnny Truant to the  opening pages of the heart of the novel (the so-called &quot;Navidson  Record&quot;), I found myself wondering whether or not Danielewski had come  up with one of the most realistic horror novels ever written or one of the  best novels ever written.  Not as publicized as the recent Stephen King  novella &quot;Riding the Bullet,&quot; Danielewski's first book should be  on magazine covers everywhere.  This is a must read for EVERYONE!
630575067X|5.0|my 2 year old son loved the movie that he was able to concentrate and enjoy the movie from start to finish. To think, my hyperactive little boy could not keep still or be quiet in any place or event. For the movie to  have captured his attention and made him sit still and quiet in the theater  was just amazing.
0800141709|5.0|This film was absolutely intriguing. From the beginning I was hooked. It says they're not parodying anyone. That may have been true but I sure could find some real ironic characters. Ripper reminded me of General MacArthur.  The President reminded me of Truman, and Strangelove reminded me of every  stereotyped nazi refugee scientist I've ever seen. This film is just plain  hillarious though. Captain Mandrake and the mumbling, speech defficient  corporal was hillarious. However, as the film draws to a close. The  laughter turns into a kind of depressed feeling that turns the movie upside  down and after that, the idea of WWW3 doesn't seem so funny anymore.
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors were awesome.  One of my 2 favorite bands of all time, the other one being Led Zeppelin.  This is my favorite Doors cd; my second fave is Morrison Hotel and then LA Woman.  I love them all, though!  I completely  reccomend this to anyone!  <br />     And: for the people that are trying to  'decipher' and analyze and interpret The End...give it up.  It means  something different to every person, and Jim (my baby!) is dead, so you're  not going to find out.  I mean, it's ok to think about what it means, but  don't tell people that you know what it means.  YOU DON'T!
6300248569|1.0|Definitely the A &amp; E Version of Pride &amp; Predjudice is oustandingly well made.  The scenes, the music and actors performance were exelent.  This BBC version quality is very poor and the acting was mediocre.   Elizabeth Garvie was not a passionate and witty Elizabeth Bennet. And Jane  is suposed to be beautiful and here in this version she was not as  beautiful as she is described in the book. And as for Mr. Darcy in this  version he was wooden, non emotional, no sparkle, requiring no effort at  all in the acting.  The scene were he reveals his feeling to Lizzy was so  boring I turned it off and put on my Pride and Predjudice of A &amp; E.  Definitly Colin Firth is the superior and ideal Mr. Darcy as is the A &amp;  E Version. Elizabeth was witty, charming and passionate about her opinions.  A Masterpiece! Bravo A &amp; E!
B000002KGT|4.0|The Rumours album is clearly a classic and a must-have for any pop-rock collection.  However, the recording itself - in digital form (i.e., on CD) - is substandard.  Hopefully, the powers that be will get their act  together and realize how much money could be made if the album were  remastered and rereleased.
6303014100|5.0|Simply put, this is the best movie I have ever seen. I particularly enjoyed the story being told from both sides (the North and the South). Also, it has THE best soundtrack. If you liked it, check out the Dragonheart soundtrack.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is the BEST CD on the face of the Earth-to a teen. Sure, there's Limp  Bizkit and Korn, Matchbox 20 and Red Hot Chili Peppers, but Blink 182 has  to be the BEST. From this CD are three hits-the newly released 'Adam's  Song,' 'All The Small Things,' and 'What's My Age Again?' These songs are  not only funny, truthful, and entertaining, but many are based on the real  lives of the band members. Check this month's Teen People for more on that,  but this CD is a MUST. I've met two or three people in my school who don't  like Blink182. We all love it!! Go and get it!!
6305177473|5.0|I found this film quite educational.  There are several references in it with which viewers outside the US may not be au fait.  I had to do research on the Internet to find out who were &quot;Lucy and Ethel&quot;, the  &quot;Brady Bunch&quot;, &quot;the 411&quot; and &quot;the 101.&quot;  I  still have not found out what &quot;the 101&quot; is.  If anybody out there  knows, please let me know.
6305399212|5.0|This was the best of the alien trilogy.  It has awsome action, great plot, and fabulous acting.  I loved it.  Buy this mvie, it is worth the $$$
B00000K3G8|5.0|This is by far the best live CD you can get from the Talking Heads.  Unfortunately that's not saying much because &quot;The Name Of This Band Is  Talking Heads&quot; was never available on CD and the kinda limits the  number of live CDs.<br />Even so - the performances outdo the originals in  many cases, and that is quite rare these days.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie was awsome.  It goes on my favorite movies list at the very top.  I recomend buying it.  It is very deep, has cool action, and a great plot.  It really makes you think a lot.  I loved and am sure you will too.   One way to know if your stupid or not is if you've seen it and don't  understand it.  It is hard to understand but it all makes sense at the end  if you think.  If you think and still don't get or didn't think about it at  all, well, you're dumb.  Hope that wasn't too harsh.  It is  great movie  though.
B000002I99|4.0|With his signature flair for the melodramatic, Alice Cooper manages to  blaze more than a couple trails with this album. If scary movies and things  that go bump in the night give you a thrill, this album is a must listen.  In the musical-theater vein of songs like Meatloaf's &quot;Paradise By  Dashboard Light&quot; or anything from Rocky Horror Picture Show, the  tri-song set (&quot;Years Ago,&quot; &quot;Stephen&quot;, and &quot;The  Awakening&quot;) takes the listener for a ride through the mind of a  homicidal schizophrenic. Despite the disturbing nature of the topic,  Cooper's rich orchestration and saturated horn lines let one know that  neither he, nor should you, take this too seriously... like your big  brother telling you creepy slasher stories with a flashlight under his  chin.  Cooper also deftly juxtaposes such antics with the shocking,  un-funny nature of real-world evil. He reveals a sentimental, if not  vulnerable, side with minimalistic yet empathetic pieces like &quot;Only  Women Bleed,&quot; one of the first popular songs of the day to tackle the  shocking subject of battered women.  This album is a real trip for those  who enjoy the macabre, for those who just like a good bit of theater, or  for those who just like to sing along in the car with some damn good songs.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I've been a fan of Blink 182 every since their beginning.  I love this cd, but I must say that their other cd, dud ranch, was a 5 star cd.  Buy this cd!
0060977493|2.0|The author had a knack for vividly describing scenes throughout the book.  Unfortunately she relied too often on using mention of gross images to paint her pictures.  Also, the storyline seemed to ramble on without any  purpose.
B000003TA4|4.0|I really like Nirvana, and this was one of their best creations.  I really liked &quot;smells like teen spirit.&quot;  I'm a big fan of nirvana type music.  It was definetly worth buying.
B000002TQV|1.0|sorry, it just aint music real music is korn
B000023VR6|5.0|The perfect albulm . It has tracks that are perfect to listen to when your crusin' in yo hood or when your just chillin'. Eminem brings his unique style to a few of the songs and now dre is back wit snoop that combo can't  go wrong either . If ya don't own it BUY IT NOW , cos its pure genius again  from DRE.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|Unfortunetly, the Americam public and critics prepared themselves for a star studed sex show.  Needless to say they didn't get one.  Instead they got a brave and bold film about relationships and what can come to eat at  our minds when we are in them.  Brain work for movie goers.  Sadly not what  America wants, but surely needs.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Although it took Richard Patrick four years, this album is worth the wait.   From &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; to &quot;Miss Blue&quot;, the sounds  and rhythm in every song is memorable.
6305750750|2.0|This prequel has more effects, a louder score, and the advantage of pre-release hype.  That is all that it has going for it.  The only character worth developing was Darth Maul whose limited screen time made me  pine for more.  The young and future Darth Vader was totally bland, not  helped by the limited skills of the actor portraying him.  Also, I can't  get worked up over battle scenes wherein everything on the screen was  computer-generated.  Give me a guy in a rubber suit anyday.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Although I am a very loyal Kubrick fan, I enter all films with an open mind. Eyes Wide Shut is a tale of sexual obsession and jealously that is at all times gripping, and darkly humorous. I will say it is not for all  tastes because it is a somewhat ambiguous film (like all Kubrick's works)  and is cleverly paced. I think this was a very personal project that Mr.  Kubrick created the way he wanted to, and the result is worth multiple  viewings.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|i love this. &quot;tidal&quot; grows pale beside this record. it is no easy music, the lyrics are deep and the melodies intricate. it will never bore you ever. Of all my cd's this is the one i am listening to da and  night. first thing in the morning i have to hear &quot;a mistake&quot;. i  guess i am where fiona is...or was when she wrote these songs. i feel them  so deeply. she takes my breath away.
0553280325|4.0|For English I wrote a response to this book, in poem form, and I'm going to share it with other Amazon-Niks:<br />'The crescent moon I have marked on the bullet is not a crescent moon. It is my own smile. I have put my smile on the bullet in the rifle.'<br />The sheer terror on her face was  clear,<br />She knew it was over for her.<br />Although blind, she was not  stupid,<br />Bracing herself, she only hoped he was a liar, and he didn't feel  the way the bullet looked.<br />Click... The gun loaded, <br />She knew how he  felt, she could sense it in the air, <br />The tension as she waited for  somebody to realise the danger was unbearable...<br />BANG! <br />The bullet  fired...<br />Did it hit, did it miss?<br />Nobody knew, but she was dead - from  shock.<br />Choked by a smile...<br />How many books can spark a poem this deep?  Ok, well, I think its deep... And I got an 'A' for the book project I put  the poem in. In conclusion, this book was so clever, I never would have  thought that such a strange book would have me on the edge of my seat.  Incredible...
0312243022|5.0|Since I have loved Mrs. Dalloway since I  first read it at 16, I was not sure I was going to like a book using her working title for it, The Hours. And it is written by a man, no less.  But I found it nearly perfect in  conception and execution and tremendously engrossing and moving. <br />The  imaginative recreation of Virgina Wolfe's possible thoughts and style as  revealed in her books is unerringly perceptive and probable. Vanessa Bell  and Leonard Wolfe arise from the implications in their biographies and  autobiographies as rounded characters. Amazing.<br />Many intelligent women,  no matter how well-adjusted and active, have moments, hours even, when they  feel as the characters in this book. Few of us act on them as drastically  as these women and men, but these hours need to be accepted, understood and  acted on in the smaller ways of which most of us are capable.
B000003TA4|5.0|I rarely enter reviews, but I felt compelled to enter a review when I saw that this CD had less than a full five-star averaged review.  They say that &quot;imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.&quot;  The overwhelming  influence that this CD has had on the music of the 90's onward proves this  CD's greatness.  This CD smashed away the horrid, long-hair, metal-ballad  driven sound of the late 80's and early 90's.  This is a CD that I truly  treasure.
B000031XCR|5.0|This beautiful array of songs packed onto this one album is amazing!!!  Every single song on this album is fabulous! Celine Dion has a given gift,  her voice is powerful, and alluring to any person. When you listen to any  of these songs you are tempted to sing along with her. People like Celine  Dion come along once in a lifetime! This album is to good to pass up, if  you see it on the shelves pick it up and buy it, you will not be  disappointed. I sure hope she comes back soon! And, when she does she will  captivate are hearts all over again! You are the best Celine!!!!!
6300248550|5.0|I love Jane Eyre as a novel and this wonderfully in-depth BBC version is the only filmed Jane Eyre that I think brings alive the period mood and murky, turbulent romanticism of the book.  Zelah Clarke seems a bit too old  to be the Jane of my imagination but she is a highly accomplished actress  and brings the perfect amount of Victorian propriety and  Brontesque-feminist assertiveness to the character. She plays the part  young and shy... and yet ageless and bold at the same time. Her Jane is not  a 20th century interpretation; she seems to be the real thing right out of  Bronte's mind. And she's adorable; a friend you would want to have. Timothy  Dalton is so seductive that one has to laugh when Jane calls him ugly; but  his looks are unique enough to accept that he is not of the ideal Victorian  mold of attractiveness. Like Clarke, Dalton understands the inner fire of  his role and can play his Rochester as a self-brutalizing  &quot;non-beauty&quot;. Where his Rochester excels over all others is in  his sensual utterance of Bronte's wonderful words (oh a screenplay that  chooses to use the novel's own best lines; how refreshing!)... his  beautiful command of the language and his magnetic power of presence give  us finally the Rochester that made Bronte legendary. Clarke and Dalton have  tons of chemistry in their scenes together; and it's never tame. Their  cat-and-mouse courtship is worth the price of the whole video alone. The  production values aren't the most lush ever filmed; they're of a typically  early-BBCtv-enclosed look... but it takes only a minute or two to forget  that completely as the characters blossom to life and fill the screen with  real passion and vividness. Compare to the rich expensive production values  of the recent duds starring William Hurt and Ciaran Hinds as newer  Rochesters... who cares how much effort was spent on costuming and  beautiful landscape shots when those protagonists have no chemistry and  people seem either yawningly uninvolved in the plot or blurting out poor  screenplay language with a total lack of inter-connection? This slightly  older BBC version is full of emotion, harrowingly gothic surrealism and  deeply gorgeous romanticism. And it's literate; the language is unexcelled.  The actors themselves make it a lush and ultimately beautiful production of  a very high quality. Cheers to the thrilling direction as well; the scary  scenes ARE scary and the love scenes are intense. This really feels like  Bronte's Jane Eyre brought to visual life. I own more than one film  version, including the older Orson Welles version, but this one's the only  one I watch when I really want to immerse in the full richness of the  story.
1573226521|5.0|Anybody who knows me will say that I'm not a keen reader, and practically need to be forced to read books for school. A friend of mine recommended 'The Beach' to me, and she was so inistent for me to read it, that I  agreed. Of course, nobody can be bothered to buy books when they can be  borrowed, so I was told there was a waiting list for it. I had a week (5  school days) to read it. 6 words for you: I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN! It is  incredible. Fast-paced, dry humour, written in a very relaxed way. I was  completely absorbed for an entire week, and loved every minute. The ending  was quite abrupt, but seemed to fit with the entire storyline. I was really  impressed that any book could hold MY attention, and with this experience  behind me, I would like to encourage other people to read it. So, buy it  now (or borrow it from a friend, if you're stingy like me - hehe).
B000000WFZ|5.0|I am not a music buff, but I am however a huge movie one. When I watched  Roland Joffe's The Mission last year I was completely overwhelmed by the  music. The film (solid but not great) is elevated into a ballet to the soul  by Morricone's almost spiritual music. In one sequence in the film Jeremy  Irons the Jesuit priest plays the music to an intially hostile group of  natives, and you can see the change on their faces, the welcome him,  because the music has reached their soul, and trust me it will reach yours.  I've watched The Mission five times just to hear the music, and now finally  that I own soundtrack I can't stop listening to it, and I've had it for  over six months. This is by far Morricone's best score to date. His music  is sometimes thematically misplaced as it was in Bulworth, but when he hits  the mark, as he does here, or in Once Upon A Time In America and to a  lesser extent State of Grace, it moves you like no other music can.
6304712936|5.0|One word - spectacular! I didn't know what to expect from this movie since the first time I saw it was in school. At first I thought it was a school-made movie, but then I looked on the internet and saw how many  awards it won. I said &quot;of course!&quot; I went out and bought it  immediately. No movie has ever moved me more than this one. I strongly  suggest the DVD version. I, myself don't usually like widescreen, but this  film can't be viewed any other way. Performances by F. Murray Abraham and  Tom Hulce are wonderful! The best part is the music!
6305718903|5.0|Not only is the plot really intriguing, but everything else about Stigmata is great! Patricia Arquette does an unbelievable job as a rave-hopping 23 year old inflicted with the wounds of Christ. The look of the movie, the  quick cuts, camera angles, and rainy atmosphere is awesome and sets the  mood. I was in suspense the whole time, and although this film is rather  bloody, it's definitley worth watching!
B000001Y42|4.0|This cd is great!  Whenever I wana just break somthing I listen to this CD. It is so much better than Significant Other. It's not so much rap but more metal. If you wana buy a Limp Bizkit CD get this one.
0141301120|5.0|Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator is a GREAT BOOK! It stinked so much I loved it. There is two plotlines that don't go together, which is okay! Commander Dahl(he was a Commander in the RAF during World War 2.), your a  genius. I know it got bad reviews,etc., but it was a pleasure reading it,  even though Dahl hated writing the thin book.
6305603847|5.0|I really liked everything that had to do with cartoons but not the movie although music makes it perfect.
B00000DGUM|3.0|Skid Row es un grupo muy interesante, ya que, como pocos, evoluciono desde un Rock suave con mucho virtuosismo en guitarra, gritos, rpido y entretenido, ha un grupo Heavy Metal de lo ms puro. Todos los Lp's de Skid  Row muestran una faceta distinta del grupo, todos son buenos, falt CD para  completar los xitos, que ha mi gusto no alcanzan a llenar todo el gusto  que un verdadero fantico tiene por ellos... por ejemplo debieron  incorporar la cancin Making a Mess, o In a darkened Room, Wasted Time,  Creepshow y tantas otras. Debieron incluir ms canciones en vivo y no  ordenar las canciones por orden de grabacin. Si a t te gustaban las  canciones que ms se escuchaban de Skid Row por la radio, quizs te tengas  que comprar el Slave to the Grind y el B-side our selfs para completar la  coleccin.
0805210393|5.0|You people have not understood the book, it is supposed to be superfluous, annoying to read, too long, and unfinished.
6304078145|5.0|Amazing punchline.   I really love this film.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Wow.  Horror film fans buy this movie right now or deadites will swallow your soul!  Just kidding, but rent this movie at least.  You will not regret it, assuredly!
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the one five star album in rock history.Buy it because it is  essential, it is fun, and because after it rock and roll was mere  repetition. (Except for maybe &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and &quot;Blonde  on Blonde&quot;).
B000002H6C|4.0|every metallica CD from the 80s had a new approach to musical competence.  Peaking with master of puppets, metallica proved to rise above other bands of metal from that time period.  With almost deafening texture and dynamics  from the group, they redefined what a band should sound like.  With this  album, their masterful arranger, cliff burton alas died, as a result, the  production and sound of the band is also completely different.  The  negative lyrics now have to do with the evils and peril of government,  rather than the excess of power like puppets.  It is not a fun album to  listen too, the singing is blunt and unmelodic most of the time, with the  exception of the lyrical &quot;one&quot;, but it is one of the most complex  guitar work ever by them.  I rate it a 4 because of the poor production  work (probably from trying to fit in newbee jason newstead in) and not as  mellow lyrical singing as before. still an album worth listening too.
B000002U82|5.0|Of all the reviews submitted for this masterpiece, many refer to the way  it is put together, the mixing of recorded real sounds, and the talent of  the band members, but none of the reviews mentions the true master of  engineering for Dark Side of the Moon, Alan Parsons. It was HE who recorded  the ringing cash registers, the ticking clocks, the alarms, the thunder,  the rain, etc., and HE who mixed it all into the worlds most memorable  masterpiece. It was HE who engineered all of this long before digital  equipment came along to make such mixing a lot easier. It is also HE who  will tell you that the Wizard of Oz theory is nothing more than pure  coincidense. After you are done listening to this wonder piece of music  history, plug in some &quot;I Robot&quot;, or &quot;Tales of Mystery and  Imagination&quot;, or Eye in the Sky&quot;, or &quot;The Turn of a Friendy  Card.&quot; You may notice a very similar style in all of the Alan Parsons  Project music.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie had a real advantage to being avoided because of stupid grown up rumors, but 9 times out of 10 adults are wrong and I think this movie was the coolest perv. movie I've ever seen.  I rated it a 5 because that's  what's really going on out there and it's funnier than hell!
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit may have a catchy tune here and there, but why settle for less?  Limp Bizkit, Fred Durst, has no vocal talent and the hip-hop-rock conglomeration is done all wrong.  They don't have any style or suavity,  they merely mesh the two styles together into a crude, boring,  intellectual-less and (low i.q) appreciative style. The tunes are just  noise, with no form in any way and Fred Durst has an identity crisis.  He  thinks he's black but he isn't.  His futile attempts to seek other artists  to abet his record, displays the depravity and overwrought nature of the  band. If you want a REAL hip-hop-rap-metal fusion, then turn to RAGE  AGAINST THE MACHINE, the best of the rap-rock confluence.  Limp bizkit  doesn't have any talent and their popularity is just based on insipid  idiotic masses of the nation (namely teenagers) who do not know how to  distinguish a quality rock/rap from junk music.
B00003OSSL|4.0|Hardly the stuff of a typical Harrison Ford movie, this fascinating study in the nature of love will leave many cold.  The essential problem that many have with the film is not that it's poorly written, directed, or  acted, but that it has a very limited audience.  It's definitely NOT a  first date movie, because the central theme of the film is that you can't  trust your partners.  It's not an action movie so it's not for those  seeking escapism.   And it's not a comedy so it's hardly the kinda movie  that a large group of friends would go see.  It's the kind of movie you pop  into the DVD player when you're in the mood to read a good book, but your  eyes just won't focus on the page.<br />Yet even if it's a film that's not  particularly well-suited to everyone's tastes, it's still a great film.   This is a Vaclav Havel-esque study in the nature of betrayal, the power of  honesty, and the need for other people to help us through personal crises.    <br />The acting is powerful because of its understatedness.  <br />Kristin  Scott Thomas perfectly navigates the role of a congresswoman who can't ever  be caught on-the-record saying anything which might be misconstrued, and  who, at the same time, probably is as okay as she keeps saying with just  letting go of her adulterous husband.  Her perturbation with Ford's  relentless pursuit of the truth about their spouses' betrayal is genuinely  annoying to the congresswoman, and she makes us clearly see the difference  between these two characters' reactions to the same basic problem.   <br />Meanwhile, Harrison Ford, though entirely more obsessed with the nature  of the adultery, never shows more than controlled emotion about his wife  until a late, key sequence.  To witness his smoldering pain finally bubble  over is so surprisingly powerful that we cry with him.  <br />Equally unique  is the ending in which difficult choices are made.  For students of film, I  think this ending ranks as one of the better in the Americancinema.   Though the setup for the scene is somewhat politically implausible, given  what we know of the campaign Kristin Scott Thomas has run, the payoff finds  a way to be at once joyous without being a traditional 'happy  ending'.<br />(For DVD-philes, this title has lots of goodies, including a  superb running commentary by director Pollock.  This is also the first DVD  I've seen where the reason for deleting certain scenes was given by the  director.  It's fascinating to hear why a scene which was originally  thought brilliant made it to the cutting room floor.)
0684867621|3.0|This was a typical King story in regards to the quality ofwriting, but there wasn't much of an actual *story*. It's only 224 pp!And what about what King wrote in the forward of *Four Past Midnight*?The whole lot about having written the four pieces in the collection and &quot;they were too long for a short-story, and too short for a novel.&quot;? So he waited until he had enough to make a book? Well, he didn't wait with this one--at a cost of almost as much as one of his 500-700 pp novels, *TGWLTG* just ain't worth it.  END
B00000K19E|5.0|Matrix is one of the greatest movie I've seen in years. Sound effects in surround sound 5.1 channel really put you in the middle of the action(you gotta check out the shooting spree in the lobby!) Awesome! Picture was  great too! You have to have the right equipments to totally enjoy a great  movie like the Matrix!  I've watch Matrix in VHS format and until you see  it in DVD you don't know what you're missing!
0385424736|5.0|The rainmaker is great!  it starts off kind of stupid and not makin any sense but once the trial starts i didnt put it down!  awesome book!
6300271285|5.0|What do American do best?  They do what they love:  make movies, play baseball, take over small countries sometimes...well, never mind that. Let's stick with the movies for now.  Yes, WE are hands down the BEST at  making movies. Do you disagree with me?  So?<br /> This movie, &quot;LITTLE  SHOP OF HORRORS&quot;, which was origionally an off-off broadway play  (based on a &quot;B&quot; horror movie--but you knew that) went on to beat  out &quot;CATS&quot; as the NY Drama Critics &quot;Best Musical of  1983&quot; is SO AMERICAN in its hip wit and sophistication it stands alone  as a parody of every beloved movie style, other than the western and the  large scale action adventure movie.<br />The music is core here.  The score  was written by the late great team of Howard Ashman and Alan Menken, and I  read that this movie/play had its inception when Ashman saw Corman's flick  on tv as a kid and decided to write a 50's style horror flick with his  collaborator Menken as a take off of this sub genre of cheapo horror movies  we all know and love so well.  Because of their talent, humour, and  intelligence, we get so much more than just outstanding music and a goofy  plot.  Couple the music with an incredible cast which includes perfect  nebbish/hero Rick Moranis and viler than vile Steve Martin, plus Ellen  Greene and her lush &quot;surroundsound&quot; voice; belting yet vulnerable  (how does she DO THAT? AMAZING). Levi Stubbs (from the 4 Tops) rips out all  the stops as Audrey II, space plant superbo ( you can tell he is having  fun). There are slick cameo appearances by Bill Murray, Christopher Guest,  John Candy and others. What have you got here then?<br /> You have the  ULTIMATE, CLASSIC, PERFECT, MUSICAL COMEDY TAKE OFF, SCI FI TAKE OFF,  HORROR MOVIE TAKE OFF... HILARIOUS ...UH..keep going... OFF OFF B'WAY, to  OFF BWAY, to MOVIE to &quot;I AM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN&quot;--because  only WE could have done this! ... THING.  Do not kid yourself that  &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; comes up to this standard. This movie  stands alone.  Buy it, love it, just don't show it to your little kids or  whenever they see a plant at the dentist's office you will be in for  another couple of years of therapy for them down the line.<br />A  truly great  classic.<br />best wishes, Jeanrror Picture Show&quot; comes up to this standard. This movie  stands alone.  Buy it, love it, just don't show it to your little kids or  whenever they see a plant at the dentist's office you will be in for  another couple of years of therapy for them down the line.<br />A  truly great  classic.<br />best wishes, Jean
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved this movie. It was top notch science fiction action!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I held off buying this album for the LONGEST time because in every single review I read, I saw Limp Bizkit, Korn, Machine Head, so on and so on....   These bands have no place in the same THOUGHT as Slipknot.   I am a huge  death metal fan.  I'm not saying this in a way that's says, &quot;My  music's so much harder than Korn (et all).&quot; I'm simply saying this so  that people who like heavier music will realize that they might enjoy this  as well.  I know that that some death metal fans will say that I'm a  sell-out, but I'm 26, and have been listening to this style for 15 years!      What finally convinced me was an interview when Slipknot members said  that they try to convince their more commercial fans to listen to Death,  Malevolent Creation, and Suffocation (brutal).  They also said that the  next album will have &quot;more blast beats and more grinding riffs...we're  also going to incorporate more death metal and black metal elements.&quot;   I can't wait!    These guys took me totally off guard!  I don't love the  samples/scratching (which is minimal), but the ferocity of 90% of the  material makes me look past all of this.   To the fans who say Slipknot's  popularity is &quot;...because you're wearing you're masks that you're  getting money and publicty.&quot;  You need to either focus on the Latin  explosion, or get hard!   Also, to the soft gentleman who said that  Slipknot &quot;screams&quot; too much.  Please, I have a Backstreet Boys cd  for you.
B0000024K1|5.0|There is Otis Redding, for pure heartwrenching sincerity.  There is Prince, for absolute musical genious.  And there is Public Enemy, for a combination of the two.  This album is more than a great rap piece, more  than a great hip hop or black piece.  It is an american classic, and should  be treated as such.  Twenty or thirty years from now, my grand children  will listen to that cd, and I'll tell them of a younger Chuck D, before he  became president.
B0000009OU|5.0|This is rock as good as it gets. This IS better than the Beatles.
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved this movie. It was top notch science fiction action!
0140177396|4.0|\\"The best laid plans of mice and men often go astray.\\"  This quote, by Robert Burns, summarizes the short story, Of Mice and Men.  This realistic story, by John Steinbeck, brings vivid images to the reader's mind.  The  author's technique creates a world in which the reader actually feels as if  he is in the story.  The reader feels what the characters feel and see what  they see.  Of Mice and Men is an easy and fun read!  Recommended for any  age.
B000002UB3|5.0|Everyone thinks \\"Let It Be,\\" was the last Beatles album,but \\"Abbey Road\\" was.I love \\"The White Album\\"the most,but this is a masterpiece. George Harrison shines on this  album,with\\"Something,\\" the biggest hit from the record,and my  favorite,\\"Here comes the Sun.\\" What a fantastic song to welcome  the Spring and Summer.John Lennon's,\\"Come Together,\\" is a  classic,and Ringo's,\\"Octopus's Garden,\\" is a wonderfull song  written by the best drummer in the world,but Paul takes over on the second  side.Hard Rock stations play this 30mins. of the best music every recorded  for there electric lunch hour for a special treat once in awhile.This  second side is the greatest music you will ever hear. It goes from  Ballads,to hard rock,to the fantastic drum solo at the end.What a great  ending from the greatest band in the World.     Thank  you,John,Paul,George,and Ringo.
0684872153|1.0|I simply base my judgment in books according to the entertainment value.  This book lacked precisely that, and I must say, it was a hard book to finish.  I am surprised it received such a positive response overall.   Shocked.
6303029027|4.0|Let's get this straight right now. I only gave it 4 stars because giving it 5 stars would mean that it was up there with the reigning king of all gangster movies, Scarface (1983). With that out of the way, let me say that  this is one of the most underappreciated films of the 90's. Commercially  unsuccessful, this should have gotten much more praise and location in '93  when it was first introduced. It's a movie about a kid who's torn between  his loving father and the most respected hood in the neighborhood, Sonny.  Sounds pretty simple, but De Niro told this Bronx Tale with mastery and  precision. I really hope De Niro considers directing more films in the near  or distant future, cause like i said, he did a helluva job with this one.
1572522232|2.0|Visually the film is quite good. The plot however is quite thin and the acting pretty unexciting. The music had an uncanny tendency to annoy. The plot has little going on, the film could have been shot in 30 mins as a  short film and would probably have worked better for it!<br />I can't honestly  see why this film gets the rave reviews it does, belive me there are a lot  better films of this type out there. Again this film gets a mention as a  cult film frequently, but just why it falls into that classification is  again a mystery, as mysterious as Argento's use of red, green and blue  lighting.<br />If this is Argento's &quot;masterpeice&quot; I'm afraid I won't  be trying any others.
B000001ESF|5.0|This is absolutely Rush's best album ever made!  The song 2112 is also another best for Rush.  The lyrics tell an incredible story and the music makes it powerful and moving.  I am a big fan of Rush's longer songs (15+  minutes) and another good one is Cygnus X-1 book 1 off of Hemispheres, but  2112 is by far the best!  I bought the CD without ever having heard any of  the songs on it, purely on the strength of the music in their other CDs and  I was not dissapointed!  It has since become my favourite album by Rush.
B000002KAT|5.0|Last night was St. Patrick's Day. So as I'm driving downtown, I put on Astral Weeks (being Van Morrison and all).  It was the first time I'd played it in years.  It was powerful.  More so than all the  &quot;best-album-ever-made&quot; hype I'd always read about.  Music without  limits. Sung so soulfully.  I heard alot of references, both musically and  lyrically, that Jackson Browne and Bruce Springsteen would later call on.   It's got great imagery.  &quot;I may go crazy, before that mansion on the  hill&quot;.
6302517052|3.0|First of all, let me get this straight - THIS IS NOT A HORROR FILM.  However, I like comedys too, and this is quite a good sci-fi comedy.<br />There are a few extremely funny lines in it, but mainly it's what  you see that amuses you.<br />So if you see this film selling cheap (like I  did), go buy it.  You'll lagugh ...
B00000G3PA|3.0|Given that action films were never of much interest to me, unless they contain some grain of *intelligent* fiction in them, I didn't find Armageddon to have much appeal. The choice of actors is most perplexing -  Bruce Willis as savior of all mankind? This worked well for Fifth Element,  where Willis is an unlikely rogue caught in the middle of a maelstrom of  dangers, but here he is CHOSEN by NASA for his &quot;outstanding  abilities&quot;. The unbelievably unrealistic plot is surprisingly funny. I  couldn't wait between the times when the characters opened their mouths and  let out strings of ludicrous pseudo-scientific words. Come on! Organization  of such a major mission as a both-ways flight that involves landing on a  sub-planetary objects can not possibly be currently organized in the US,  whatever timeframes they were dealing with. And, naturally, at the end  there is a touching scene where one of the characters dies a noble  death.<br />Armageddon is a prime example of a classic 90's bad fiction films,  that is only partially saved by great special effects.
B000002HGD|4.0|I could not disagree more strongly with the comment that this album is suitable only for club-kids. I think actually this might not be a clubber's cup of tea. Instead, this is perfect driving, cleaning, dancing around the  house music. It can be listened to as background or at high volume
B000002UVX|5.0|Left to his own devices after the commercially-driven JHE, this album creates the required slow-space (and pace) that is a launch-pad for an expression of musical genius. Machine Gun remains a towering achievment of  American Art. It is otherworldly and dangerous. As a whole, the other cuts  are also supremely satisfying. Why? This is moving, passionate music that  seems as impossibly executed and improbable now as it did 30 years ago. The  younger set would do well to learn that people simply laid down their  guitars and &quot;gave up&quot; upon hearing Jimi play. What a terrible and  beautful feeling that is.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles were extraordinary and were by far the greatest musicians of all time. This album was a perfect conclusion to their band. The melody &quot;Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End&quot; is incredible. There  is no bad song on this cd. Get it; you will not be disappointed.
B000023VR6|2.0|Don't get me wrong: Snoop and Eminem are great rappers and shine on the two songs they are each on. Dre just is not nearly as good as a producer as he used to be. The beats aren't tight, heavy with wailing keyboard in the  background. They're clunky, mechanical, rushed sounding. It's Dre's first  album in 8 years and he seems to have spent only the last few months  working on this album. I heard that Dr. Dre is a perfectionist: DOES NOT  SHOW on this particular album.<br />I mean you've got some jamming tracks. I  really liked &quot;Still DRE&quot; and &quot;Forgot about Dre&quot; as well  as &quot;the Watcher&quot; and &quot;what's the difference.&quot; But  overrall this CD is not very good. It's the kind of CD where you find  yourself skipping song after song.
6301796535|1.0|The first time I saw Pretty Woman, I thought it was great.  When I saw the film again, however I was disapponted.  I noticed it was poorly done and it seemed thrown hurridly together.  There are editing mistakes which are  noticeable, such as the breakfast scene.  The movie is choppy between each  scene, with no continuity.  The dialogues written was also poor.  The only  good part of this movie is the cast- Roberts and Gere are delightful as a  pair.
B00001ODHL|5.0|yes, it's true.  Never has comedy, horror and adventure fit together so well.  Ash J Williams brings an all new angle to heroism as we follow him along through the worst things possible.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's game is a sci/fi novel that tells the story of a young boy named Andrew Wiggum (named Ender by his sister Valentine).  The story takes place on Earth in the future.  Earth has been attacked twice by an alien species  called the Buggers, nearly destroying the human race.  Mankind begins  training young genuses to fight as solgers and commanders in Earth's  defence in case of another attack.  Ender is extreamly intelligent for age  six and gets sent off to battle school to train.  He quickly rises among  the ranks of people at battle school until he is at the top.  He then  begins training to lead Earth's fleet in battle.<br />This book leaves you at  the edge of your seat throughout the whole thing.  If it is Ender's exteam  violent nature or if the Buggers attack again.  These things along with  Orson Scott Card's  Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wiggum make this book one of  the best sci/fi books of all time.  This is a must read for all sci/fi  fans, and even if you don't like sci/fi, I am sure that this book will  change some of your feelings about this genera.
0767802659|4.0|S.T. was a characterization of the orignal book, Starship Troopers. In order to make it easier to film the special armored jump suits in the story had to be &quot;dumped&quot;. In order to be a 'chick' movie (an attmept  that failed) they had to add cutesy female scenes. Before I get flamed, the  women in the book were professional, intelligent starship captains - the  best pilots. More women than men pilots. The  nudity in the showers and  bedroom scenes in the tent were not really necessary. It prevented me from  taking my kid (11) who really wanted to see it. The scenes and graphics  were really cool, but it's hard to but a book that spans several centuries  (the characters don't age as they are at lightspeed or greater for decades  in between battles). would rather have seen a stern Meg Ryan as the female  lead, but it was supposed to be about young men and women losing everything  they had and going to war.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Why do so many people dislike this film? It was released to such mixed reviews that I was slightly hesitant to see it (although I knew I would eventually because I admire Kubrick so much). However, once I had seen it,  I had immediately dismissed the negative reviews as nonsense. I honestly,  truly, don't see how you can't find something beautiful in this movie.  There are so many great things in it.<br />First, the thing that strikes you  immediately is the direction and visual style. From Kubrick we should  expect nothing less than perfection - and we get it with Eyes Wide Shut.  This is, hands down, one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. The  use of color and direction is spellbinding in it's power and  intensity.<br />The story itself is mesmerizing. The whole movie drifts by in  a sort of dream-like state, and the events sort of flow together so that  after seeing it you'd be hard-pressed to recall the exact &quot;plot.&quot;  JUST LIKE A DREAM. This movie is based on a story called Traumnovelle,  which means dream story. There is a plot, but it drifts into tangents and  pieces which are finally tied back together at the end.<br />The performances  are really quite good. Tom Cruise is very good as the lost Dr. Bill. Nicole  Kidman is equally good or even better as his wife Alice. Her role is small,  but every scene she is in she commands.<br />Lastly, I thought I'd remark on  the &quot;score.&quot; It basically consists of a simple, but truly eerie,  piano melody which is constantly repeated, over and over, throughout most  of the film. It always seems to come at the perfect moments, and I thought  complemented the film very well.<br />Eyes Wide Shut is a true masterpiece. It  is easily one of 1999's best movies, if not the best. The imagery is  stirring and provocative, and you will want to watch the film again and  again. One of the most haunting, amazing, and powerful movies I have ever  seen.<br />R.I.P. Stanley Kubrick. He will be missed.
0767812387|5.0|If you like Latin Music and Dance you should see this movie.You don't need to think twice, just hit that &quot;add to shopping cart&quot; button.
1573226521|2.0|So what?<br />Any book that is touted to be the first great novel of any generation is bound to be disappointing. Personally I'm insulted by these authors with such large egos that they think they can even begin to sum up  a generation, and then dump all over us all and portray us as a bunch of  lazy, good-for-nothing, pot-smoking morons.<br />Poor plot development, zero  character development, juvenile style (it brought to mind a book called  &quot;The Grounding of Group Six&quot; -- one I enjoyed when I was about  thirteen), too many loose ends, anticlimactic, unoriginal... what more can  I say? If you're looking for a book to take to the beach this summer, this  would suffice. If you're looking for literature, read &quot;Lord of the  Flies.&quot;
B00000IPAX|4.0|When i first got it I didn't think it was a s good as LIT's &quot;A Place in the Sun&quot;, but now I think it is. It's like &quot;blue&quot; by Third Eye blind; u have 2 have it like 3 days before u really love it! My  fave track other than the popular tracks is track 9. It's called &quot;the  party song.&quot; I also like track 1,2,4,6,and 12. Buy it, all the songs  are good! Peace out!
0684857219|5.0|This book is an absolute must to buy.  It is impossible to read this book and not get motivated to give your absolute all in the gym.  He gives you a great overview and history of bodybuilding from the beginning and covers  every aspect of bodybuilding in general.  Great photos to get you inspired  and motivated.  It gives a good description and detailed pictures for just  about all exercices that you can think of.  The workout schedules are great  in theory but are a little long but if you cut it in half or so, then it  comes out right for someone not on steroids.  Any one serious about  bodybuilding should definitely buy this book.
6305311463|4.0|If your looking for a great movie pass on this one.  If you want to watch an entertaining movie and don't mind some far fetched plot lines give this one a look.  I would have given it 3 stars if it was the non-Criterion  version.  The extras and transfer are great, if you want this movie spend  the extra money and get the criterion version.
B000006MS3|4.0|It's a great album,but not her best. But if you are abig fan of her I think you should have this album,and you must know that It's not better than (the kick inside)&amp;(hounds of love).
