0811875040|2.0|Beautifully illustrated and designed book - but...! I noticed some errors when I was baking. I went over and over the instructions and thought, this can't be right. Sure enough, there are several errors in the book. I finally found a small slip of paper (an insert) that went over some of the errors, trying to correct what should be done instead of the instructions given in the book in print. But come on, really? A slip of paper?? How about a better editor? Or not releasing the book until it's ready to be sold, with correct recipes! I find this \\"oversight\\" an unforgivable lapse in a recipe book, where each step counts and should have been tested considerably before being committed to print. Not only is it terribly sloppy, but it wastes materials and money, creates incorrect products and frustrates the baker! Really too bad, since the design itself is quite charming, but let's pay attention to substance, please. I, for one, would want the publisher to replace the book with a corrected copy.
067144901X|3.0|After reading the glowing reviews here, I guess I was expecting more. The book is fine, but there's really not much to it. I guess it helps with learning animal sounds, but my 18-month-old daughter seems to have tired of it pretty quickly.
0307408833|1.0|If Babycakes actually used the recipes from their hastily put together commercial cookbook as is, I doubt they would sell very many cookies or cakes!  As a previous Cafe owner, caterer and chef I found the recipes I tried to be substandard in several ways...1) Some ingredients are quite expensive and for many people hard to find when they don't need to be; 2) The flavor of the Vanilla Frosting is so over-the-top 'Soy' that no one I had try it liked it, and the consistency is too soft to hold; 3) Baking times on several recipes is either understated or overstated; 4) The overuse of coconut oil made several recipes taste similar.  I spent considerable time doctoring up the recipes to make them presentable and tasty.  These offerings were reduced from Babycakes original recipes without any testing.  It seems like they quickly put a cookbook together to sell, and didn't take the time to ensure quality of product at smaller quantities.  Very disappointed.
B004A8ZWW4|2.0|I just went to the cinema and wanted to watch a movie, and this one was the only new available one.  There are some senseless moments in the movie, example the kid slides down into the gap at the scrap yard where he finds Atom the Robot and manages to dig him out and carry him up on the surface on his own  ....yeah sure...and then these stupid dancing scenes the kid makes with the robot....worst to come after the finale the declare Atom the peole's real hero.Sometimes when watching such movies I get the feeling, they start making the movies without a real script...they just do time to time a brainstorming which ends more in a braindead.
B005MSD75U|1.0|This is the first review I ever write, and the only reason I take time to do this is that the movie is really terrible. Don't waste you time and your money!
B002VECM6S|5.0|Michael Jackson sure was right. I love that Sandra Bullock's character pretty much adopted a big black guy (Quinton Aaron) into her family. Of course, they had to deal with those who discriminate or focus much on skin color but they overcame that regardless. The black guy ended up becoming a NFL athlete and therefore has a change of life forever.
B005HGKW6E|2.0|Wow.  Sorely disappointed and yet such high expectations from James McAvoy & Robert Redford. The pace, especially in the beginning, is s l o w, and some of the dialog was wince-inducing.  Wish I had my 2 bucks and 2 hours back.
B0041VIJQG|1.0|This is being sold as the Live at the Artists Den with Robert Plant and the Band of Joy. The problem is that many of the songs listed are not the songs sung during the concert. I still have the show on my DVR and I would love to download the actual concert to my iPod but this isn't it.
B0002KZAKS|5.0|It has its own case and inside of the case is a hold witch you can attach to a mic stand of your choice, would def get another one. Only problem is no on/off switch.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele's '21' was simply amazing. It's one of those rare albums that you don't have to skip any songs. Anyone thinking about purchasing it should stop right now and DO IT.
0811876373|5.0|I decided to get this book on a just because basis.  I havent tried any recipes as of yet (still waiting for my cake pop pans to come in).  but i like the way it is very informative and detailed so that even a beginner like me can have enough confidence to do it and be good at it.  i have also visited her website and facebook page.  i can truly say i am a fan.
1932100660|5.0|I am new to plant based nutrition and the research presented in this book. Like many people, I've always been told to \\"eat my fruits and vegetables\\" but now I know why this is so important. After watching several documentaries and reading a few books on the subject, I have recently changed my diet fairly drastically. No meat, no dairy. I'm not a vegan as I still wear clothes potentially made from animals and other consumer goods, but I am so in the sense of diet.  This book is chock full of new nutritional information and research. T. Colin Campbell and his team have done a magnificent job of laying out why you need to stop eating meat, diary, and processed foods. If you believe the research is good, as I do, you must not wait to change your eating habits.   My uncle was just diagnosed with prostate cancer. Due to this book and other informational material on plant based healing, he is going to forgo surgery and stick to a strict plant based diet for the time being to see how it affects his cancer.  If you want the science behind why this might work get this book. I also just picked up The idiot's guide to plant based nutrition by Julieanna Hever and so far it's very good. It goes more into detail on particular foods and which vitamins/minerals they contain and what they're good for. It also has recipes and tips for how to eat healthier among other things. Julieanna lectures in the T. Colin Campbell eCornell plant based certificate class from what I read. (No, I have not taken the class. it's a bit too expensive for me right now.)  I recommend The China Study book for anyone interested in plant based nutrition. Also, watch Forks over knives which is based on this research as well as Fat, sick, and nearly dead (both are on netflix). If you want to dig further, look into the Gerson therapy for cancer patients. Dr. Gerson came up with the idea of healing by using a plant based diet nearly 80 years ago. It does go into other things like coffee enema's which I know nothing about. Just be sure to read and do proper research.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These headphones are absolutely amazing!!!!! I bought a pair a couple weeks ago and I will never go back. The sound quality is the best I have ever heard. Deep bass and extreme clarity. Don't think twice about buying these. You definitely won't regret it. I'm in love with these headphones. They are very durable and portable. I use to have a pair of Bose over the ear headphones and in comparison, those are junk. They sounded okay but not nearly as good as these. They are also built very cheaply compared to these Sony's.
1935251740|1.0|Allow me to summate the work:  Babble... babble...; some misapplied metaphor; gibberish... gibberish...; faulty scientific premise; blah... blah... blah...; some inane recollection about the author's past; gobbledygook... gobbledygook...; more metaphors used as factual underpinnings for author's thesis; babble... babble...; self-derived conclusion based on flawed circular logic; more meaningless stories about the author's `challenged' past; more metaphors; misused and/or misinterpreted science; BS... BS... BS...; yada... yada... yada..; babble... babble... babble...  In conclusion:  Biocentrism sounds like an interesting topic, but if this work is the best its advocates have to offer, I have learned that it is merely a whimsical notion based on circular logic which is easily pierced by the simplest of critical thought.  Don't waste your time on this.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|I bought this for my grandsons on their request.  They really like the DVD and watch it all the time.
B004FOA84A|4.0|This looked gorgeous on my 10\\" tablet and is a fun, great escape-the-room style game.  The puzzles can be challenging without being ridiculous (except for one, imho).   It's just a bit too short!
006029129X|5.0|We could not be more happy with the condition of our Harold book!  It is a family favorite and our original was read so many times it just fell apart.  In looking to replace it I could not believe how expensive a new one was.  The used one we purchased for $1.99 was in perfect condition.
0393338827|4.0|Michael Lewis' approach to writing about the big 2008 financial crisis reminds me of Jon Krakauer's book 'Into Thin Air'. Krakauer showed that the disastrous 1996 Everest expedition can be written about in the form of an unputdownable thriller. Lewis takes a similar approach because the book reads like a thriller, making you look forward to reading about how the Wall Street honchos gradually blundered into the biggest credit bubble of all times and how a few visionaries bet against them to make a killing. Lewis, an ex-Wall Street man himself, is quite scathing about the big investment banks and gives credit to a few money managers like Mike Burry, who was probably the earliest to see that the nation's banks are actually losing their financial mind and heading for disaster.<br /><br />The story in short is as follows:<br />Wall Street investment banks made a pile of really crappy loans. They converted these loans into such complicated products that they could con the major rating agencies into blessing these crappy loans as highly rated triple-A bonds. Bolstered by these false ratings, the banks loaned trillions of dollars to ordinary Americans, who complied by telling the necessary lies to obtain the loans. Wall Street had made the process of turning these crappy loans into risk-free securities so complicated that even the bankers as well as the investors did not fully understand them even as they insured these loans and bought into them. The problem kept getting bigger with more and more crappy loans and eventually led to a catasclysmic crash with grave social and political consequences around the world.<br /><br />Even after reading the book, I do not understand the products like CDS (credit default swap) and CDO (collateralized debt obligation). In Lewis' own words, \\"the crisis could have been averted only if one grasped all the implications of a CDS on a double-A tranche of a subprime-backed CDO!\\". If that sounds obtuse, consider this more accessible explanation:  \\"It is easier to understand the crisis as a result of people, and by extension, markets, were too certain about inherently uncertain things and had difficulty attaching probablities to highly improbable events!\\". Lewis says that the CDO was basically a fraud, even though it may be difficult to prove it in a court of law.<br /><br />The author is very critical of Wall Street investment banks like Goldman sachs, Merrill Lynch, J.P.Morgan and so on. In colorful language, he quotes: \\" ...In Wall Street's pecking order, Goldman Sachs was the big kid who ran the games in the neighbourhood. Merrill Lynch was the little fat kid assigned the least pleasant roles, just happy to be a part of things....Goldman Sachs did not leave the house before it began to burn. It was merely the first to dash through the exit - and then it closed the door behind it...\\". If this is not pretty heavy stuff, Lewis writes elsewhere in the book about non-chalent Racism that seems to permeate Wall Street. He writes about Bear Sterns executives taking their clients to an outing at a shooting range near Las Vegas, where the targets were a picture of Osama Bin Laden as a zombie, a black kid attacking a pretty white woman and an Asian hoodlum waving a pistol. In short, Michael Lewis says that Wall Street is corrupt,  fraudulent and reckless in what did to bring about the financial crisis of 2008.<br /><br />The book takes us through the crisis from the eyes of the few money managers who saw through this house of cards on which these financial deals were built and bet in favor of their eventual collapse and made hundreds of millions as a result. In some ways, we would like to enjoy the success of these few because they were the only ones who 'screwed' Wall Street. But now we know that Wall Street didn't really get screwed. They got out of it all through our taxpayers' money because Wall Street was just too powerful for even the US.<br /><br />The book is fast-paced reading and it enlightens you a lotabout the crisis. But one comes away with the feeling that we still do not understand the complexities of all these derivatives and mortgage-related products. I guess that was the case even with most bankers and that is why we were led into this chaos. It looks like we haven't done anything to prevent it from happening again in some other form through some other financial products!g that we still do not understand the complexities of all these derivatives and mortgage-related products. I guess that was the case even with most bankers and that is why we were led into this chaos. It looks like we haven't done anything to prevent it from happening again in some other form through some other financial products!
B005ETA5K2|5.0|I have been a long time fan of the Alfa line of wifi booster products.. This newest version of their adapter has delivered all I expected from the company all with the added convenience of Wireless N. I waited for this version to come out having read some negative reviews on the earlier versions of the \\"N\\" adapters that Alfa had come out with.. While I can't compare this adapter to them, I can say this thing is on par with all four of my original AWUS036H's that I have. I recommended those to everyone I met that was looking for a signal boost. And now I can confidently say that I will recommend this version over the old one because of the added speed and compatibility.. Alfa knocked this one outta the park. Great job guys.. What are you still reading this review for go add it to your cart.. You won't be disappointed.
B005HS4CUY|4.0|I had no skipping issues on any of the 3 discs using a new PS3.  3D is average, but adds to the overall enjoyment.  No extras and only 3D Blu-ray discs...so know what you are getting before ordering.
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|Terrence Malick has given great pieces to American cinema: Badlands, The Thin Red Line, The New World and, most of all his masterpiece, Days of Heaven. Out of his filmography - not very long, though - The Tree of Life is, to my opinion, his weakest. No doubt about it: it's beaufifully done, as far as music and photography is concerned. By the way: where's the Alexandre Desplat's score? Being a great fan of this composer I got the soundtrack before seeing the movie; however, there's little or nothing of that music in the movie!).   TTOL has no solid plot, no conflict, no big drama. Descriptive more than dramatic, it might seem to you that nothing has happened in the 2 hours and 18 minutes you've wasted. It ends with the most archeotipical and cheap of all the morals: to live without love is poinless; a pedestrian conclusion that seems to have been taken from a Barbara Cartland novel. Besides, the movie becomes really affected by being so solemn, so \\"elevated\\" in ideas, so \\"intelectual\\" that becomes pretentious and sometimes incomprehensible. We might refer to the interpetations but there's little or nothing to say because character construction does not offer much to shine in the interpretative field (What is Sean Penn doing in such a role?)   I would suggest to be alert with the next Cannes Film Festival Awards: the last two Palmes D'or have gone to tedious and heady movies: the deadpan UNCLE BOONMEE WHO CAN RECALL HIS PAST LIVES (APICHATPONG WEERASETHAKUL)and this one.   In a nutshell: Beautiful, very beautiful, yet affected, overlong and BORING to death. Highly recommended for insomnia sufferers.
0385534639|5.0|\\"The circus arrives without warning. No announcements precede it... It is simply there, when yesterday it was not.\\" So opens The Night Circus, a debut novel by Erin Morgenstern.<br /><br />Summary: Le Cirque des Rêves (`The Circus of Dreams' in French) was aptly named. All black and white and only open at night, it becomes a place where dreams can come true--at least until dawn. As elaborate as this many-tented circus seems, it is but a stage--a venue for a competition between two magicians. And these competitors break the rules by becoming lovers, putting their lives, the circus, and the livelihood of all the circus performers at risk.<br /><br />Review: I have not been this enchanted with a story since I read my first Harry Potter book. This from a reader who does not particularly care for Fantasy. But, Morgenstern's novel cannot easily be tucked into the Fantasy category--it is so much more. Beginning in the late 19th century, it is too timeless to be called Historical Fiction. Shrouded in mystery, it cannot accurately be categorized as a Suspense novel. And although it involves a touching love affair, it cannot truly be labeled a Romance, either.<br /><br />A treat for all your senses, Le Cirque des Rêves delights all who attend--both young and old. And that especially includes the reader. We are both hypnotized and warmed by the bon fire's glow; awed by the Illusionist's magical feats; and enraptured by Widget's fantastic tales; all the while becoming intoxicated by the aroma of caramel apples and the \\"fantastically delicious cinnamon things.\\"<br /><br />Characters: The characters are many, yet well defined and quirky--from the star-crossed lovers, Celia and Marco, to their \\"masters,\\" Prospero the Enchanter and Alexander; from the owners and planners of the circus, including Chandresh and Madame Padva; to the circus performers, including Tsukiko, the contortionist and Poppet and Widget, the red-headed twins and kitten trainers. Each adds to the charm of the story while helping to drive the many subplots forward to a surprising conclusion.<br /><br />Themes: Book Clubs will have tent-loads of discuss material with themes such as Competition vs. Collaboration; Time vs. Timelessness; Illusion vs. Reality--and who determines which is which; Balance vs. Chaos; and Truth vs. Ignorance. Reading discussion guides can be found on line.<br /><br />It reminded me of: Readers of Chocolat, (by Joann Harris) and the Harry Potter series (by JK Rowling)--especially the earlier ones--will enjoy the light-hearted magic; while those who liked  Water for Elephants (by Sara Gruen) and The Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb (by Melanie Benjamin) will want to read it for its insider view of what it's like to run off and join the circus. But be warned, this is not a children's book as there are a few dark turns here and there.<br /><br />In Closing: \\"You think, as you walk away from Le Cirque des Rêves and into the creeping dawn, that you felt more awake within the confines of the circus. You are no longer quite certain which side of the fence is the dream.\\" I felt the same way as I turned the last page, disappointed to leave the charming world of Le Cirque.<br /><br />Morgenstern writes, \\"The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.\\" Enchanting, ethereal, and enthralling, The Night Circus casts a pleasurable, fine spell, indeed.<br /><br />Cheers!<br /><br />BCCubplots forward to a surprising conclusion.  Themes: Book Clubs will have tent-loads of discuss material with themes such as Competition vs. Collaboration; Time vs. Timelessness; Illusion vs. Reality--and who determines which is which; Balance vs. Chaos; and Truth vs. Ignorance. Reading discussion guides can be found on line.  It reminded me of: Readers of Chocolat, (by Joann Harris) and the Harry Potter series (by JK Rowling)--especially the earlier ones--will enjoy the light-hearted magic; while those who liked  Water for Elephants (by Sara Gruen) and The Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb (by Melanie Benjamin) will want to read it for its insider view of what it's like to run off and join the circus. But be warned, this is not a children's book as there are a few dark turns here and there.  In Closing: \\"You think, as you walk away from Le Cirque des Rêves and into the creeping dawn, that you felt more awake within the confines of the circus. You are no longer quite certain which side of the fence is the dream.\\" I felt the same way as I turned the last page, disappointed to leave the charming world of Le Cirque.   Morgenstern writes, \\"The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.\\" Enchanting, ethereal, and enthralling, The Night Circus casts a pleasurable, fine spell, indeed.  Cheers!  BCC
B005HSL626|1.0|dont know its free but it dont want me cause it doesnt let me install sucks i like this game .  .
B0050SYS5A|3.0|My living room was too small (just under 6 feet from TV to couch) so I decided to take a chance in spite of the negative reviews on Amazon.  I set up my Kinect on the bottom of my TV and it works reasonably well.  When navigating the menus, the Kinect sometimes loses track of where my hand is and the cursor sometimes jumps around, but it was usable with minor frustrations.  I was able to play Dance Central when I couldn't play in my space before.  The Zoom does seem to reduce the amount of accuracy and light the Kinect picks up, so I'm not sure how well it would work for Kinect games where you need precise movements.  It might not work too well with something like Child of Eden.  My play space was just big enough to accomodate the range of the Kinect when setting up my Kinect ID.  I wouldn't try this if you don't have almost 6 feet between your TV and couch.  In the end, the Zoom for Kinect did work for me, but I would not recommend you pick one up unless:  1) You have less than 8 feet of space between your TV and couch but more than 5 1/2 feet.  2) You can set up your Kinect in front of your TV stand.  3) You primarily want to play games that don't require heavy precision.
B001UV4XFG|2.0|Being a huge Twihard fan, I was excited about the low price of the 2-disc special. After receiving it in the mail, I was shocked to see the cover in English and in Spanish. I haven't opened it due to wanting to research it first and possibly return it before opening. Luckily, someone had written a review on the same subject and said it's all in English with a Spanish option. Puts me at ease so now I can finally watch my movie! It should be written in the item description not to freak out if you receive the bilingual cover, since it's confusing that the main picture on the page to order from, is all in english.
B002ZG97LK|5.0|I loved the remake of Footloose. I was a fan of the original, and think this movie stayed true to the first, and added so much to it.   Kenny Wormald does a fantastic job as Ren- boy can act, move, is hot,and has chemistry with the whole cast. Julianne Hough does a great job as Ariel.  She has really impressed me with her acting, and can dance so well. Miles Teller as Willard.. WOW. I'd never seen him in anything before, but  he's so funny. As good as Kenny, and Julianne are in this (and they are good), Miles has some great scene stealing moments. His girlfriend, Rusty, is  also fantastic. I'm not sure of the actress, but she's beautiful, and can dance. Andie McDowell is fantastic as Ariel's mom, Vi. She has a understated   strength. Dennis Quaid does a good job as the concerned father of Ariel, and the town reverend. There are several fantastic scenes where Ren and the Reverend  talk- my favorite being towards the end when he asks for permission to take Ariel to the dance. And of course Ren's speech at the town council is excellent.  And watching Willard learn to dance was HILARIOUS. And the little girls (Ren's cousins) are pure cute. Fantastic supporting cast. Amazing stars.  Highly recommend this movie.
0385534639|4.0|This book proves that you don't need to follow 'the rules' to write a wonderful story.  There are actually several interwoven stories here, all of them magical, and all of them unfold delightfully to take the reader to a world previously unimagined. It starts a little slow, but every word, every phrase and conversation builds The Night Circus into something truly special.  There are no car chases or time bombs here, the fantasy is everthing.
0143038095|5.0|Very impressed with the speed! Granted, I do tend to choose sellers that are close by, so I'm sure that may have been a factor, but I received the item in only two days. Condition was exactly as stated on the description.
B004LWZW42|5.0|Where to begin with this.  Well, the acting is suberb. The story is brilliant. I cry every single time. :)  The only problem I had with the product was that all the deleted scenes and stuff that the actors themselves wanted on the DVD release weren't on it. But because it's only the first release, I suppose it's not my place to comment! We'll get these features, soon enough.  At any rate, the menus are awesome. That badass soundtrack is just so awesome.
B001HN6922|2.0|Wow! I usually can assume that all Pixar animation is going to be unique and fun and enjoyable to the whole audience. 'Cars 2' was a vast disappointment. I mean, what was director John Lassiter thinking? 'Cars 2' resembles something Disney just a few years ago may have sent packing to straight-to-DVD (see 'Cinderella II'). Despite many of the original cast members returning (minus the late Paul Newman), and a new voice, Michael Caine, 'Cars 2' reminds me of a mediocre 100-minute Matchbox commercial. I used to own a number of toy cars when I was a kid. I would pretend all kinds of things with them, even having them fall off cliffs. Lassiter apparently is pretending the same way a kid would pretend, except he messes it up. There is an inept storyline, bad dialogue, very little funny humor, and no memorable characters (Owen Wilson's red car plays second fiddle to Larry the Cable Guy's tow truck - whoopie!). I know, this movie was made for kids so that Disney and Pixar can sell more merchandise. I got that. I remember how successful other Pixar movies were like 'Toy Story 3' (great story, great characters), 'Finding Nemo' (great story, great characters), and even the original 'Cars' (great story, great characters). And they sold tons of merchandise. Why make a $200 million movie that spend's little time on story or characters or good dialogue or humor? Somebody at Pixar has gotten lazy. The studio's winning streak has ended. 'Cars 2' is not a good movie. Not just by Pixar's standards as some people suggested, but by animation's standards wherever it comes from. It was almost as bad as 'Shrek the Third', the abomination of all of the 'Shrek' movies. Not as bad but almost. Too bad. Pixar's next film, 'Brave', looks good, and will take us away from sequelitis for a change. I can only hope that 'Brave' will begin another Pixar streak of great animation.
1932100660|5.0|Although this book is long and has a lot of information, much of it reviews/results of various research findings and studies; it is well written and very informative.  The book is a carefully documented exposition of the various medical and nutrition issues related to diet, in general, and the benefits of a vegetarian diet in particular.  I feel it is important, informative, well written and very relevant to any person concerned with the relationship between their nutrition and their health.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|This was a great action movie.  Lots of animation. How do they make these movies look so real. If I was a kid, I would believe these things were possible in the world. Maybe I just saty at home alone too much. Thaks fo rsending the movie.[[ASIN:B005QYKE2Y Transformers: Dark of the Moon]]
B005R32L66|3.0|video chat plz moto triumph needs more face time to the face wi fi no protein. power hurry grandma dying
B003TJR2HS|5.0|This device alone has granted a reprieve for my old generation Sound Dock. The adapter does exactly as advertised. I have used it on all my Apple devices and no longer get the annoying message that states that charging is not supported, to include my iPad. I am totally pleased with this device and would recommend it to anyone.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|I really enjoy my new amp. I use it with my  Zune player to boost the output when playing through my stereo. I noticed that it only last about 8hrs on a charge and I was hoping for longer. I may have to purchase another amp that lasts longer on a charge or comes with and extra battery I can keep charged. Other than that I am happy with the overall purchase. The claim that this amplifier lasts 15 to 20 hours on a charge is false or it is possible I just misunderstood and read it wrong.I will say the little amp is built very sturdy and I like the metal casing and bass boost, just wished I could get more hours from the battery.
1451648537|5.0|Walter Isaacson is one of my favorite biographers. His books about Einstein, Kissinger, and Benjamin Franklin are fantastic. So last summer when I heard that he would be writing a book titled Steve Jobs, I immediately put it into my Amazon cart.  Little did I realize that Jobs would be gone by the time the book was released. A sad loss for his family, for Apple, and for those of us who love the unique Silicon Valley area and culture. Jobs changed the world with his innovation and passion. He brought together great design and great technology as nobody else has ever done.  I never met Steve Jobs but we had many overlapping areas in our lives. We were close in age, we both grew up in Silicon Valley, and we had a few mutual acquaintances. I remember driving past the Next building every day to and from work in the 1980s. On the day Jobs died it struck me that for my entire life, with the exception of our college years, he and I lived within about 30-miles of each other. Every location mentioned in the biography is familiar to me because of that.  From the book I learned that we had one other significant connection: Steve's father was a frequent wrecking yard scavenger who took Steve to the junkyards on weekends. Good chance that Steve's father and my father met; a more distant chance that Steve and I crossed paths as kids. Either way, I guess I can say we sold products to Jobs before he sold anything to us!  One of the great things about this biography is that it doesn't pull any punches. Steve Jobs was a testy character, hard to work with, and moody. He was definitely from the countercultural world of the 1960s, experimenting with LSD, Eastern religions, and communal farms. That might be forgiven because of his youth and the era, but he was distant from his best friends, harsh to people who loved him, and neglectful of his children. Shoot, he even parked in the handicap space at the Apple headquarters. The book brings all of this up. I often wondered how his behaviorwas overlooked by those who revered him.  One of the best parts of the book is the first half about Jobs' childhood and youth. It emphasizes his being adopted, and later shares the story of him rediscovering his family. It sets the stage for the person Jobs became. The theme of abandonment and \\"me against the world\\" was prevalent throughout.  In the second half the book has a tendency to become a profile of Apple's greatest hits. The decade of the 2000s saw the redesign of the Macintosh computers, the iPod, the iPhone, the iPad, MobileMe, iCloud, etc etc. Where Isaacson loses me is when he delves into an explanation of all of that. I realize it's relevant to the story of Steve Jobs, but it's recent history that is well documented.  This weakness is forgotten when you read the end of the biography. Isaacson develops the storyline of how Jobs changes in the later part of his life. His losing battle to cancer is described with gracious transparency. An insightful (and somehow sad) part of the book is when we read that Steve's personality changed as he realized his life would be cut short. Excellent writing from Isaacson.  On a more significant note, a strength of the book is the excellent way that Isaacson explains how Jobs lived at the intersection of science and the liberal arts. Or as it is sometimes put, at the place where technology meets the humanities. Jobs himself fully understood this and was proud of it, as could be seen from his famous commencement address at Stanford a few years back.  A wonderful book about a fascinating person. And even with a few slow parts, this may be my favorite book of the year.
B001EC3JME|5.0|The Nite Ize is a fabric flashlight holder affixed to a rotating plastic belt clip.  The case measures approximately 6 inches long and approximately two inches wide. The holder is actually two pieces of thick heavy duty reinforced nylon held together with double elastic bands.  A flashlight or any other similar sized object simply slides in between the two layers of fabric and is held tight by the tension on the elastic bands. The holder works quite well and will accommodate flashlights from the smallest AAA to a D cell.  The belt clip is sturdy and locks very well as it has a retaining clip on the lower portion of the clip to keep it firmly attached to a belt and will not accidentally slide off.  I use these holster to belt carry a flashlight in my work and also to attach a flashlight the the lower portion of my vehicle seat for emergency use.  The flashlights are held firmly in place and my only criticism, if any, is they are held so firmly that they require two hands to insert the flashlight until the holsters have had time to break in and conform to the light.
0307454541|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. I was completely engrossed and it was hard to put down. As to who the killer is I guessed wrong, as to how the book would end I also guessed wrong. I fell in love with the character Salander and have already ordered the next book in the series.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I saw this on TV several years ago, and I saw the last 45 min about a mounth ago. MY wife could not make any sense of what was going on. So looked it up on Amazon and ordered it. It came in less than a week to our PO Box.  We have watched it several times and enjoyed it every time. It is a Love story that does not seem to be a Love story. Like \\"Ghost\\" It will be part of our small list of watch again movies.   Dave
B003L77G6A|5.0|The 4th season of the Big Bang Theory does not disappoint! I've loved this show from the pilot episode and continue to laugh and enjoy it over and over again.  I ordered this season from Amazon using my free 2 day shipping with my Prime membership and got it the very next day!! Amazon, you continue to amaze me! I love using my Prime membership and will continue shopping with you! Thanks for the great service!!
B000002TLX|5.0|I grew up in the 80's so Richard Marx has always been my favorite and always will. It's just sad that he didn't get as much appreciation as he deserved. He has a great voice I love and his songs always go strait to my heart. This CD does that for me. All of the songs on it are my favorites, and these are the original tracks. About 16 or 17 songs as is described. I haven't heard these songs of his in years, and wanted to catch up with them again. I have to say that they are exactly as I remember them! It is a great collection of songs, and it is what the title of the CD is. They are his greatest hits. At least for me they are. I am so happy to hear them again, and very happy I bought this!
B005G4TJI4|4.0|Well, seeing this on Blu-ray was actually more fun than watching it 3D via the movies. Was less distracted and saw more detail to the bots. My complaint was the end fight with Prime, Sentinal and Megatron was way too short, it should have gone on a little longer but other than that, no complaints.
B005IS565S|1.0|Total crap, mainstream, wannabe, crap. I've never been so disappointed in any group ever in my life.  I didn't buy FFDP to hear this junk. Don't waste your time or money people. They may as well done some Nickleback covers. Atrocious.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|Really enjoyed this movie. Witty, clever and good story line. Actors made this really fun to watch and the fact that it was filmed where I live makes it all the more great.
1451648537|5.0|It's amazing how a person who's far from perfect can create near perfect products and empower us all. Very inspiring.
B000O8OTNC|1.0|Waste of money! Do not work! I put in trash. I wish I never got this ****. Save your money.
B0013O123Q|1.0|I was intrigued by other viewer's reviews and decided to watch this film. It's not the content of the film that bothered me as much as the cinema photography did. I spent too much time focusing on the video, then the subtitles, then the actual story! Its not a pleasant story but the capturing of a violent act by some sicko really hits home to normal males that care about their female loved ones. The movie could have been made better but the story line is definitely worth sharing.
0525423281|5.0|I have to say that although the location was not as interesting as Anna and the French Kiss because this was a suburb and not Paris but I liked Lola. She was quirky and i liked that about her. She was easy to relate to because of her personality, she was just so loveable, I would trade her for Anna. The guy, Cricket, however I would trade for Ettiene. So both books had something I loved about each of them but put together they rock.  I also really liked that Anna and Ettiene made appearances in the novel. It brought the books closer together as a continuation sort because it showed how they were getting more serious and that made me smile and be happy. I liked knowing how the relationship was going. I also really liked Max. Even though he was mean in the end and the relationship ended badly, there was just something about his bad boy image that was very appealing, especially when she talked about what he read and the topics he liked to talk about in the beginning of the book.  Anyways, I loved Lola just because of how fun she  is. I love that she dresses. It shows a lot about a person that they are willing to show off their alter egos to the world.
1439152799|5.0|I find each of Kate Morton's books both magic and mesmerizing. Her characters are well-drawn, fascinating and complex, as are her plots, and she always manages to stay one step ahead of me. The true test of a book that might be called a mystery is whether the reader is continually surprised and is led to make wrong guesses about outcomes but is not mislead - the plot denouement is believable, but so layered that it's just one of a number of possible outcomes and not one of the most obvious ones. Her history and her period re-creation are so flawless that I always feel like I have taken a trip in time. I took a whole day off to read the book because I couldn't put it down. Don't remember the last time I got that caught up.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|The pilot episode is a little slow going, but the characters and acting are so solid that you kinda just can't wait to watch more. This show definitely has a little bit of everything (Action, Comedy, Drama, Horror etc.) to make it much more than just a 'genre' sci-fi/horror show.   Season 1 seems very 'monster of the week' until you get into later seasons and realize that a lot of the stuff you learn in season 1 becomes important later on as well, so really its just the tip of a really awesome iceberg.  The male leads (Jared Padalecki as Sam and Jensen Ackles as Dean) do an amazing job of carrying the full weight of the show, which is so unlike any other in the aspect that these two brothers travel across the country saving people from things beyond their comprehension. Unlike other shows where there's a steady ensemble cast to carry the storyline at times, it's typically just the Winchester brothers with the weight (and fate) of the world on their shoulders. The fact that they do what they do without getting paid (or thanked) only adds another layer of likability to them.  I definitely recommend this show to everyone regularly and I've yet to have a friend or family member NOT like it after the first couple episodes.  The best part? It only gets better the further you go down the rabbit hole.
B00005Q6BR|5.0|I love this CD and my mother loves it too!  She wants to use some of the songs for a  program.
0811879631|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moAZ8737ZBK4T6]]The Art of Pixar is a gorgeous book that represents the humble beginnings of an animation studio that is now loved by fans worldwide.<br /><br />The first colorscript was drawn by Ralph Eggleston for Toy Story. That was in 1993 and it had enchanted John Lasseter, Steve Jobs and the rest of the then little studio. Today, many years and films later, it's nice to see that Pixar is still creating them, using them to communicate the emotional arc of their stories.<br /><br />Collected within the 320 pages of this beautiful book are the colorscripts up to the latest movie Cars 2. Also included are the colorscripts for the many animated shorts that, if I'm not wrong, are all appearing in this book for the first time. The 100 over pages at the back are for selected pieces of art, one printed per page. These are the work from the last 25 years.<br /><br />It's quite cool to see the artistic styles used by different artists to create the colorscripts. I love the pastel ones by Ralph Eggleston and Dominique R. Louis. The vector style art of Lou Romano for The Incredibles is still a refreshing departure of usual style of drawing them with pastel. Later on, the colorscript slowly evolved to being drawn digitally. The ones by Sharon Calahan for Cars 2 are so detailed I'm not sure if they aren't film stills.<br /><br />The book claims to have the complete colorscripts but that's not exactly true. Since I have the other Pixar art books published by Chronicle Books, I went back to compare the content. I found out that the book didn't include some of the colorscripts that were featured in the earlier art books. Some from [[ASIN:0811839753 The Art of Finding Nemo]] weren't included. However, this book includes a lot of new colorscripts that aren't in the earlier books. In particular, there are many more extra pages of colorscripts for Cars and Cars 2. The colorscripts for Ratatouille in this book are not even in [[ASIN:0811858340 The Art of Ratatouille]].<br /><br />As for the selected pieces of art, many are from earlier art books. I guess there some are new pieces but I didn't do a detail comparison. Even if there are some duplication, you'll still want the book because of the colorscripts, all conveniently collected and beautifully laid out.<br /><br />The Art of Pixar is a tribute to art, animation and the amazing people working at Pixar. It's an inspiring book authored by veteran animation writer Amid Amidi. Highly recommended.<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)/><br />As for the selected pieces of art, many are from earlier art books. I guess there some are new pieces but I didn't do a detail comparison. Even if there are some duplication, you'll still want the book because of the colorscripts, all conveniently collected and beautifully laid out.<br /><br />The Art of Pixar is a tribute to art, animation and the amazing people working at Pixar. It's an inspiring book authored by veteran animation writer Amid Amidi. Highly recommended.<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
B003Y5H53S|5.0|What a hoot! A bit disjointed, but I had a good laugh at all the one-liners and comic schticks! The characters were rich and the details added to the ambiance.  Easy to fall into the story.
B004I8WD7S|5.0|I just got my iPhone 4S and was looking for a good case to provide some basic scratch and short drop protection and this will definitely do the job.  The lip over the front of the screen is sleek, non-intrusive, and provides ample protection to prevent from scratches.  I feel confident that if I dropped my phone, the glass would not shatter now, which is what I was looking for in a case.  Access to all buttons, the power button is especially comfortable to push in now for some reason as the edge of the case guides your finger and gives it a nice feel compared to softer silicone cases that cover the button and give it a squishy feel.  I did not use the screen cover, so I cannot comment on that.  At $9, this is a steal, and I think it would hold its own against many of the more expensive cases.  It is thin, easy to take out of your pocket, and offers decent protection
B004IFYN2E|5.0|A super movie and Johnny Depp was superb as usual. The story was fascinating and the back drop of Venice was a good choice.
B005ELQVGW|5.0|From start of her career, Bjork has composed, not for entertainment, not for sales, not for self promotion, but for art.  Biophilia is the musical expression of the profound love of nature, science, cosmos, and its unity.  For example, to sing the love of a virus for its host -- literally -- is unique, inspring, and beautiful as is all of nature.  She answers the question, \\"How far can one go from musical subjects and compositional norms yet still hold the listener hypnotized -- and smiling.\\"<br /><br />You need the right musical tastes -- or maybe it's background -- to enjoy Bjork.<br /><br />I recently bought new releases from artists I have followed for years:  Evanescence, Blondie, Bangles, Tori Amos, Feist, and Bjork.  All were entertaining and nostalgic.  Tori Amos showed the greatest musical growth in orchestration.  However, Bjork was the only one to create NEW nusic.
B005PK56TA|5.0|\\"American Horror Story\\" is indeed a series, with an overarching storyline.  Interestingly, though, is that each episode is entertaining enough to stand on its own and doesn't necessarily need to be seen in the context of what may have preceded it.  Nevertheless, try to watch the series in order, from Episode One and on.  If you enjoy getting the creeps, this show does that without your even realizing it.  First you're watching a rather blah family living in a house that has a bad history.  You meet the neighbors and the husband's psych patients.  Yes, they're weird, but you'd expect that from a TV show with the word \\"horror\\" in its title.  Ah, good.  You've let your guard down.  Now the fun begins.  You're in the right frame of mind to soon be asking yourself, \\"What the heck was that I just saw?\\"  And \\"That didn't just happen, did it?\\"  When the final credits roll, on each episode, you'll say, \\"Oh, wow, that was creepy.\\"  All the performers in the series are top-notch, from the leads to the incidental characters.  The wow factor about the cast is that one of the most talented and elusive actresses of our generation, Jessica Lange, is part of the troupe.  She plays one of the creepy neighbors.  In many ways, the show feels like an experience in experimental theater.  Without warning, we will be treated to a bizarre segment that seems to have no connection to the storyline.  The scenes are bizarre, but provocative and interesting to watch.  But unlike experimental theater where drawing meaning and connections is solely up to the individual in the audience, the seemingly out-of-place vignettes in \\"American Horror Story\\" will make sense as the story continues to unfold.  Part of the show's creepiness is not knowing right away what certain things mean.  Tension builds when we feel we're on the brink of a revelation.  This show is suited just fine for the more squeamish horror fan.  This is not a gratuitous gore fest.  One pretty girl suffers a severely deep gash in her face.  But the chills and thrills are not derived from seeing her bloody cheek; it's figuring out how the wound got there in the first place.
B000N5ZLLA|5.0|One of my favorite movies.  Movie was just as advertised. Arrived promptly and as described. Truly explains life in cubie land.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I was never a big fan of House in which Hugh Laurie stared in, but now I watch most of his reruns. I was really amazed how great this CD is and how good an artist Hugh is. I love good Blues/Jazzy music and this really fits the bill. I highly recommend this album to anyone who like New Orleans type music. So put it in your CD player, turn up the volume, sit down with a good cigar and cocktail, and enjoy this album, because it's worth every penny.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|Needed a spread sheet app and had my reservations about this suiting my needs,but I was wrong works like a mini version of excel. The more I use it, the more I like it and no problem with exporting into Excel. Well worth the money.
B0053YGYO4|2.0|For a while now, I've been waiting for Coldplay to come back from its superficial pop music feel to the cold, hard soul searching music that Coldplay produced when the band was in its infancy of stardom. I suppose that is asking a lot from them now that they've achieved such stellar commercial glory. If it ain't broke (which Coldplay surely isn't), why fix it? Who cares about musical depth and integrity when you're wiping your butt with $100 bills? People clearly enjoy the fluff of their music, and it sells, sells, sells, just as Mylo Xyloto is sure to be a #1 album. But where is the real emotion? Where is the passion?   In the end, it is the artist that sells himself to the industry and his fans. Chris Martin claimed, after the release of Parachutes, that the album's success was intended to elevate the band's status as the \\"biggest, best band in the f****ng world.\\" Obviously he has succeeded. Since then, Coldplay has undergone a commercial operation and now produces run-of-the-mill pop songs that I could probably write in my sleep, and its very disappointing. Still, I hold out hope that they will return to their Parachutes roots. After all, what's a musician without passion?   If you recall, U2 went through a bit of an identity crisis in the 90s after producing amazing, gut-wrenching, passionate albums like War and Unforgettable Fire. U2's phase of \\"there's nothing we can't do, and you're going to buy it and LOVE it!\\" saw duplicitous albums like Atchung Baby and Zooropa. Then Bono realized, hey, this is crap. It sells, but what do we want with money when we have enough? So then they produced All That You Can't Leave Behind and How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb. Both albums reached #1 in charts across the globe, yet they had elements of their OLD stuff, like what they did on Joshua Tree. Really GOOD stuff. So not only were they able to have commercial success, they actually figured out how to once again put out really GOOD stuff.   So where's the GOOD stuff, Coldplay?Your Mylo Xyloto album sounds a heck of a lot like a continuation of your Grammy-winning Viva la Vida (what a joke), only without so many 8th notes. Where's that \\"Spark\\"? Where's \\"The Scientist\\" or \\"Clocks\\" that made me \\"Shiver\\"? Those songs were real works of art. They had passion. They had amazing tones and harmonies and memorable riffs. They took you somewhere else, which is what music is really supposed to do.   Mylo Xyloto left me disappointed and frustrated that, yet again, they produced a passive album for commercial gain. I mean no disrespect, Coldplay, but perhaps you all need some heartache in your lives so you can remember what it was like to write music because you had to in order to feed your soul, not because it makes you rich.
B0061J1V66|3.0|The first episode of this show hooked me, but with the second... well,   now we're stuck somewhere down in the weeds between Desperate Housewives  and a somewhat decent made for TV SyFy channel movie (yes, they exist).  I found myself doing other things whenever the plot shifted to Maine.  It was just too melodramatic without any good reason to endure, both  for me and for the lead actress. Why stay in this town where everyone  is trying to get rid of you? For a kid you just met a few days ago who  might be your son, or might be just nuts? After last week I  figured at least she'd opt for a paternity test but as this show  progressed it just made less and less sense why she would endure this  at all, certainly not without a more compelling reason than a runaway's  fairy tale. She's a bail bondsman with inside knowledge of the legal  network and she has yet to even crack a computer to Google  this town, or try any outside research at all for that matter.  Even in the fantasy realm it was a little thick. When a group  brainstorm session of the dark side Elrond Council of Twelve meets to  discuss evil payback and the key focus is trying to talk the queen out  of it... suddenly they seem more slightly miffed rather than evil. And  they can't avoid a moving tree? These guys aren't that tough, or evil,  or even smart. They do ham up their lines to a fault though.  There were moments, to be sure. Rumplestiltskin on either side is  entertaining. The set-up between he and the queen was good. The sheriff  continues to interest me. If only there were some logic thrown in here  to tie it together somehow. It's like two shows, one entertaining enough   to watch on a Saturday afternoon, the other completely boring. They've   planted a great seed but just aren't cultivating it properly yet.
0060392584|5.0|I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who even knows who Marilyn Manson is. Its great and really will make you think. I also recieved the book in great condition. It was slightly used, which I expected, but who doesn't love used books?
B000H4QD1O|5.0|Firelfy was once again a show ahead of its time.  Unfortunate that it did not become popular until after the show was cancelled.  Some may ask if this be the case, how could it be so good?  Just ask Star Trek fans as the same happened from the orginal Star Trek.  Defiantely a show (and movie i.e. Serenity  that I have watch several times over and will continue to enjoy.
B000U0F7RG|1.0|I loved the show, so was excited to purchase the entire series in the quirky packaging. I received it and started working my way through all the DVD's. When I came to disc 26 it didn't work. I contacted the seller, and even though it was months after purchasing, they said if I sent them the disc back they would send me a new one. I did, and have never received the replacement disc. I have followed up multiple times, and no longer receive a response. I tried contacting Amazon, but they were unable to help as it was a private seller.
1439156816|5.0|How I could kick my own butt for taking so long to read this. What a wonderful book on the craft and, really, there wasn't all that much to it. Not really. Not compared to the multitude of other books on writing.  King takes a different approach to \\"dictating\\" how one might be able to write and, I have to say, it gave me a different outlook on my writing blog and is one of the reasons I decided to incorporate more of myself and fewer \\"lessons\\" on writing. Because, really, there are no hard and fast rules (something I already knew) but what use does it do to teach others what really only works for me? Most of it, at least.  What I got from the book is that the events surrounding his writing, the places he worked, the people he met, the ears he got lanced, helped to mold his writing better than anything else. When he talked about his work experiences, I was able to immediately pinpoint certain stories of his to those experiences. Not to mention I was laughing my ass off at certain points. The man has a talent for dry wit that I just love, even when talking about getting hit by that van.  I loved his door closed, door open aspect and I realized that he and I really have very similar writing styles (if only I wrote up to that quality). My first draft is always done behind a closed door. I wouldn't dream of having anyone look at it before I'm ready to release it. After that, all bets are off and I need outside eyes to help me improve. He's the same way, albeit he has to deal with the insertion of life just like everyone else. His wife, Tabby, isn't going to fix a broken pipe herself. Hell, neither would I.  The rest of his writing tips resonate with bits and pieces of advice I've collected over the years: omit needless words, stab adverbs and so on. I really like his (that he got from someone else) 2nd draft = 1st draft - 10%. That's a wonderful equation and I think, especially in my writing, it would apply fantastically. Although I could see it not working if people hada tendency to underwrite and were more of putter-inners, as King puts it.  I also like his veiled disdain for writers' retreats. Sure they can be helpful, although it'd be in more of an experience way than in a writing way. Constant interjection from outside eyes into your work when it's only the first draft can be detrimental, and just plain counter-productive. I firmly agree with him that the first draft is yours, should be written on your own grounds and not meant to be shared until you're ready to share it. Not to mention should be written under your own terms as well. I don't know about you but most of the time, forced writing doesn't work and when I go back to edit, that forced piece of writing usually ends up on a crumpled piece of paper in my trash. These writer retreats, all they do is force you to write, lock you in a room and you're not allowed to come out until a certain time. I just don't have that kind of attention span. I don't know about you. I agree with King when he says if you want to do it, do it. He (and I) are always up for new experiences. Who knows, maybe it is an ideal writing place for some people. I know I would go batty.  This is something that every writer, and every fan of Stephen King, should read. His writing is pretty simplistic but he has a way with words that make even the simplest sentences sound amazing. I have a hard time figuring out why people consider him a hack. But even though he's elevated to writing saint status by many people, seeing his unedited first drafts in this book is a refreshing realization that he's human and writes just as unkempt first drafts as the rest of us. I saw it with my own eyes.  Read this. Read this now. You won't regret it. Unless you're not a Stephen King fan. And to that I ask, why not?
B0055SWM08|5.0|This app is extremely fun, I have been recommending to all my friends.  The gameplay has a Chip's Challenge feel (for all the old farts).
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|I've tried all the office apps and this is by far the best and user friendly,  I was fortunate enough to get the app free as the free app of the day,  but after playing with I would of gladly paid it.
1609611543|5.0|I am 52 years old and have had a variety of health  health issues, that, that seemed to be getting worse as I aged.  I was tired of every time I went to the Doctor he wanted to fix the issue with a pill.  I decided to go on a quest to see if I could heal myself using food.  Someone recommended I watch the documentary Sick Fat and nearly dead, which got me started by juice fasting.  I then read the book China Study which helped bring things further into focus for me, but something was still missing.  I was losing weight and feeling better but still had moments of extreme hunger.  I was eating a primarily whole foods diet, which included whole wheat bread.  A friend of mine sent me an article about the book Wheat Belly.  What the article said made a lot of sense to me, and helped explain my moments of extreme hunger and other symptoms I was having.<br /><br />I bought the book and modified my diet, and am feeling great.  At this point I am taking no drugs.  I have lost 63 pounds, my blood pressure is 115 over 70 and my cholesterol is 143.  I use to have dandruff but it is gone as well.<br /><br />Read this book and get out of the doctor mill, they don't want you healthy, there is no Money in healthy people.
B005NJ2K6U|4.0|Great game, challenging, good graphics, but only 4 levels??? I know it's only $2.00, but I finished it the first day I got it. Little disappointing!!!
B0000012Y1|5.0|The real problem w/ Wagner is finding a tenor who can sing Siegfried/Siegmund/Lohengrin et al  with Beauty. Wagner adored Bellini and such, and I see no meaning in this desire for grainy, strained tenor vocalism foisted on us by Melchior, Windgassen and the rest. If only Bjoerling had recorded Lohengrin the way he had planned! (sigh) I mean, Vickers had such an ugly, forcced sound! Poor Birgit! She must have been so happy to sing w/ King in the live Walkure! King has a beautiful,lyric tenor sound. I love listening to his lines...his voice creates this sound-image of idealized, masculine perfection, both spiritual and physical. You can 'see' the gleaming silver of his character's armour in the sound of his voice.     Listening to Windgassen in Solti's Gotterdammerung makes me cringe. If only Solti had used King! Unfortunately, the women in this recording are baaaad. Buy this set to hear a truly beautiful, on- pitch, unforced, tenor-wth-a-ping, lyrical reading of this fairy tale knight. If only we could splice the different singers from the various sets to create one great set! It doesn't exist.     King was the greatest Wagner tenor of the second half of the 20th century, and under-rated. Honor him.   PS--the singing in the new Met Ring 2011 is overall, umm, well, shall we say, underwhelming. Not a real Siegfried/Brunhilde in sight. Voight? Really?
0385535139|5.0|I loved the entire book.  How does one author make up so many different characters and scenes all in the legal world.  Advertising on a Bingo card for a \\"no fault divorce\\"?  LOL  I loved all of the characters, especially David the Harvard Law School graduate and his ultimate success story and his humble and fair \\"sharing\\" ways- though I thought for 1 brief second he was going to win his first case in Federal Court, I loved the \\"office secretarY Rochelle and how she blatantly refused to do a lot of work saying that the 3 attorneys had too much work for 1 secretary, I like how Oscar saves money and has the Jr. Partner Wally file his divorce.  I am really starting to see that all of the successful attorneys have their own personal Gulfstreams(he's mentioned this in several of his books) I love the way our Johnny has managed in this one, to incorporate a lot of dry humor that kept me smiling.  My only problem is...............that his books seem to drop only once a year, albeit notoriously thick in nature.  Now I have to wait til next year for the next release- this hurts so good because I always finish his books in 1-2 days.  Love him and every last one of his works (haven't read the children's releases). Keep up the good work Johnny, I will see you again next year.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I'm totally happy with this purchase even though it was a last minute an add-on.  The device was to compliment my new headphones (Sennheiser 595).  I ended up testing with my old headphones too(Sony $40 Cr@p).  It's amazing how this Fiio device changes the whole audio equation.  It basically shows you the most accurate profile of what your headphones can do.  My old cheep headphones sounded almost worse than before... However, at the same time I could hear details that I had never heard before (odd, I know).  Essentially, the blend of the hi and lows sounded harsh together --it was as if the speakers just couldn't take all of the info that was thrown at them.  Anyway, I hope that makes some sense and is a little helpful.    Bottom line - get a Fiio if you buy decent set of headphones.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|EPIC series
0316098329|5.0|I found the narrator compelling and enjoyed discovering the world through the eyes of a five-year-old. The story was suspenseful but never gruesome. I think the narrative voice really helped in that way; there is no explicit violence or even anger, but the events are never confusing and the emotion is stronger because you're hearing everything from a child.  I groaned when my book club chose this book and described the subject to me, but I'm glad to have read it. I read it in about a day because I couldn't wait to find out how it would end. It isn't perfect - sometimes I didn't understand Ma or got frustrated with Jack because he wasn't consistent. Regardless, there was so much interest here that I think this is worth reading again to pick up some things I missed the first time.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|I chose this rating because this is a great movie. It was fast delivery and arrived as described and would recommend buying this movie if you're a fan of Firefly. I would purchase from seller again.
0930073193|4.0|Pyss on Steve Forbes!  Too bad HE had to be the forward to such a wonderful continuation of the von Mises Austrian School of Economics!
B004EPZ07K|2.0|Enjoyed the movie itself. However, I was very disappointed that the \\"digital copy\\" is not compatible with Itunes. Who uses ultraviolet and is happy with it? I will not be purchasing anymore WB products if they are not available from Itunes. Bad choice teaming up with Flickster in my opinion.
B002ZG98LO|5.0|I went into this film with some hesitation, primarily because of star Adrien Brody.  There is no doubt that Brody can act but carrying the lead in an action film wherein the original was played by Ah-nuld?  No way.<br /><br />Surprising, with a few added pounds of muscle and a confident swagger, Brody manages to pull it off as he becomes the leader of a bunch of earthlings-with-attitude-and-physical-skills who find themselves transported to an alien world as the \\"prey\\" of the familiar-dreadlock-wearing hunters from out there.<br /><br />The group includes Alice Bragga, Danny Trejo, Laurence Fishburne, and a Topher Grace in an against type as a wimpy doctor thrust into the mix of machismo.<br /><br />With just the right amount of action and bravado, the film also benefits from a tight plot line and a great score by John Debney, who pays homage to the original's landmark score by including themes from Allen Silvestri's composition for the first film.<br /><br />While not quite as good as the original, this is still a worthy follow-up, even if it took twenty years or so to come to life.<br /><br />\\"Predators\\" takes the place of \\"Predator 2\\" as a more likely and \\"logical\\" sequel to the original 1987 classic.
0920668372|5.0|I bought this book for my son, on the recommendation of a friend. It is a very sweet book and my son enjoyed it a lot when he was younger. Book arrived in excellent condition.
B005J29HD0|2.0|As far as the content of this 2LP set is concerned, the music, packaging and color booklet are all excellent. So if you have any reservations about the quality of this \\"unfinished\\" album, forget about them. It presents extremely well. Sadly, what does not present well is the quality of the vinyl. My particular copy is noisy and warped. The beginning of disc one sounds the worst, with \\"Our Prayer\\" practically ruined by constant crackling. After a while, the crackling subsides and is replaced with random clicks and pops throughout the rest of the disc. And although disc two is considerably quieter than disc one, both discs are significantly warped.  I also noticed that it is very difficult to remove the discs from the inner sleeves. It's almost as if the sleeves are just a bit too small to accommodate the heavy 180-gram vinyl. I really have to pull to get them out. Perhaps these ridiculously snug inner sleeves are what contributed to the warping? I hate to give such an amazing album a 2-star rating, but there's nothing else I can do when the quality of the pressing is so poor that it detracts from the music.  Hopefully you will be luckier than I was with your copy.
0446573019|4.0|While I  agree with the other reviewers comparisons of John Puller, Baldacci's latest franchise to Lee Child's Jack Reacher, the novel was an enjoyable reach.   Every time I thought I had it figured out, the story took a different turn.   Baldacci provided just enough background on John Puller to understand his new character.  Hopefully John Puller will have as long a run as Jack Reacher.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is a fun little game that can easily be played in short bursts, or can get addicting to try and get every level perfect.  Well worth it - although it was one of the Free Apps of the Day.
0671449028|5.0|This book is funny!  Totally worth getting!  I had been given the Wake Up book for my son and enjoyed it so much I looked into buying The Going to Bed Book!  You won't be diappointed as long as you have a sense of humor!
B0000032LS|5.0|I drive in the car with my two kids and sing all the songs its a great album. and such a happy feeling cd
B00014NE62|5.0|Seriously!  Evocative, sad, hopeful and very thought provoking, it's one of those films that stays with you for a while.  Thank you, TCM and Merchant Ivory for introducing me to what is now one of my all-time favorite movies.<br /><br />James Wilby is astounding as middle-class Maurice Hall in 1910's England, who falls in love with upper-class Clive (a baby faced Hugh Grant, who is brilliant in the role) during their years at Cambridge.  Clive's position and future expectations cause him to put the brakes on any physical relationship with Maurice, so they share a 'platonic' love for a couple of years.  Then, the imprisonment of a mutual Cambridge friend for 'public lewdness', e.g. homosexuality, causes Clive to break things off completely, leaving Maurice devastated.  Clive eventually marries, but keeps Maurice in his life on his terms, as a friend.  Maurice, however, still carries a torch for Clive.<br /><br />On a visit to Clive's estate, Pendersley, Maurice becomes aware of the earthy, beautiful, lower class gamekeeper Alec Scudder, played by a radiant Rupert Graves (seriously, search for Alec Scudder on YouTube, and you'll be able to see him for yourself.  And then you'll thank me!).  Scudder's character starts out in Maurice's peripheral vision, sort of lurking on the edges, but then becomes a dominant force in the last third of the movie.  He approaches Maurice first, and totally turns his world upside down.  Not only was homosexuality a crime in those days, but a relationship with someone outside of your class was totally frowned upon.  These serious issues, plus Alec's plan to emigrate to Argentina, are overcome in the very moving end scenes.  So sweet!<br /><br />I have to admit that I watched this movie after \\"Room with a View\\" jump started my Rupert Graves obsession, and I've been searching out as many of his films as possible since then.  Honestly, the man is truly gorgeous here, and he brings a tentative self confidence and abandon to the role of Alec Scudder that just makes you root for him.  Graves has only gotten better as he's gotten older; he has the ability to totally morph into a role and make it his own.<br /><br />While there is a lot of male nudity (thanks again, Merchant Ivory!), the scenes are very tastefully done; nothing hardcore at all, but soft, thoughtful and romantic.  The DVD extras are great; over 30 minutes of extended scenes, a few of which flesh out Maurice's character a bit more, and a few more extended scenes of Maurice and Alec which I really wish had been left in.  There is also a great 'interview with the filmmakers', and a wonderful interview with the cast from, I believe, 2004, where they talk about their experiences making the film, a few witty anecdotes about collapsing beds and discussions they had about how to handle the love scenes (quite funny), and also, both James Wilby and Hugh Grant do a great James Ivory impression.  I'd highly recommend the movie and this version of the DVD.cudder that just makes you root for him.  Graves has only gotten better as he's gotten older; he has the ability to totally morph into a role and make it his own.<br /><br />While there is a lot of male nudity (thanks again, Merchant Ivory!), the scenes are very tastefully done; nothing hardcore at all, but soft, thoughtful and romantic.  The DVD extras are great; over 30 minutes of extended scenes, a few of which flesh out Maurice's character a bit more, and a few more extended scenes of Maurice and Alec which I really wish had been left in.  There is also a great 'interview with the filmmakers', and a wonderful interview with the cast from, I believe, 2004, where they talk about their experiences making the film, a few witty anecdotes about collapsing beds and discussions they had about how to handle the love scenes (quite funny), and also, both James Wilby and Hugh Grant do a great James Ivory impression.  I'd highly recommend the movie and this version of the DVD.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|First of all I will admit I picked up this blu-ray on a blind buy.. yes I know I heard it was highly rated but being my first time watching it I was blown away with the acting, really top notch stuff!  Lots of special features to go along with the disc.
B000I2J6K0|4.0|I just did the 40 minute workout today.  I'm 28 weeks pregnant and I've just had a hard time getting to the gym lately.  So I decided to freeze my gym membership and try some home workouts.  This one was challenging and I actually felt like I did something worth my while.  I love that she added body weight strength training.  What I like most is that she's not annoying at all.  So far the other prenatal workout DVD's, ramble on and on about connecting to my baby while I'm working out and that really annoys me.  I'm working out to try to stay in shape, not to connect with the baby.  I'll do that during a more relaxing time.  So, I give this DVD 2 thumbs up.
B004FK8RKG|2.0|I put these in my helmet and I connected it to my mp3 player and when going 20mph plus the music was inaudible. Not worth buying if you are trying to jam out while riding but I guess they are safe.
B000HA4WTI|5.0|This is my favorite of the franchise.  Many because of its exotic location compared to the others.  After seeing some of the others, I realize that the films aren't being filmed or released in chronological order.  It will be interesting if they bring Lucas Black's character back in a future installment of the series.  This product was delivered in a timely manner - and in the condition described by the seller.  If the opportunity arises again, I would definitely buy from this seller again.
B004G8QHKO|2.0|i find this music a bit bland, its kinda ok at first but you quickly get over it. I find very few stand out track and it gets a little repetitive
0767802659|5.0|With no relational pun to the 'brain bug' in this film, Starship Troopers blew my mind the first time I saw it.  Even though it was released in the mid-90s, the special and visual effects in this film are still jaw-dropping amazing!  Most effects nowadays are done with computers, but this film combines digital effects with models!  And they managed to do it so that it doesn't look like it was filmed in someone's basement!  This film is loosely based off of a book with the same title which was released in the 50s, I believe.  While they refurbished, updated, and rewrote portions of the original story, this film is still compelling.  Be forewarned though.  There's a measureable amount of blood and gore in this one.  But it isn't so much that the movie is unwatchable.  This product arrived in a timely fashion from the seller.  I would definitely purchase from them again if the situation presents itself.
B000063UR2|5.0|Ridley Scott directs this odd fantasy tale Starring Tom Cruise and Mia Sarah.  It is about a forest boy(Cruise), wanting to impress his highborn Princess girlfriend (Sarah) by breaking some rule by letting her gaze upon the last two unicorns. By the way, without Unicorns there is no sunrise.  Meanwhile The Dark Lord played by the great Tim Curry has sent his Goblin minions to hunt down the unicorns because of course,  the sun is bad for our villain so without it he could rule the world. Knowing that innocence will lead them to the unicorns, the Goblins follow the boy and princess, slay one of the unicorns, and capture the princess and the other unicorn. So our heroes quest is before him. Rescue his love, free the last unicorn..save the world!   Ok so the plot is full of holes, doesn't matter in this one. The supporting cast of fairy folk are excellent. The makeup is great and the acting and writing is well done. This is just a fun weird little movie. If you like movies like Willow or Labyrinth, you will like this. If not... then u will want to burn this dvd.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I purchased this for my future daughter in law - she loves it - longtime fan of friends and the complete set was a perfect birthday gift!
044024238X|2.0|This book had the potential several times to be a really good read, but just when you think the plot line is going to pull together...it doesn't.  There were so many loose ends and hanging threads.  I was also disappointed in the choice of narrator for the audio version as she gave Samantha a bit of a pompous, too-old-for-her voice.  Not my favorite Sophie Kinsella book.
0735619670|2.0|I think I would have preferred this book for the Kindle.  The information is great and highly recommended but the production of the book itself is shady.  The spine is cracking and coming apart and I feel like the cover isn't going to last through my first reading.  I don't abuse books so I'm disappointed by the quality of the book itself.<br /><br />But I'm definitely not bothered by the CONTENT.  As a newbie I find the information valuable and worth owning.
1451629184|5.0|Though hard to read and painfully (even grossly) honest, \\"A Stolen Life\\" is a must read for anyone who thinks they know about the Jaycee Dugard case. Once you start reading, it becomes painfully obvious just how manipulative Garrido was and, in contrast, how strong Jaycee was to survive.  I thought the most engrossing parts were the ones about her daughters. The fact that she was forced to act and pretend to be their sister is strange yet interesting.  I am so glad Jaycee has been able to not only overcome, but flourish after such an unthinkable ordeal.
B0053YGYO4|1.0|Do yourself a favor and listen to it before purchasing.   Maybe there's something beneath the production mess. But that's only wishful thinking songwriting has slipped since X&Y.  I'm not going to bother to review this.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|This is a very good book about a very bad man. Not Hitler, of course, or a mass murderer. But a man who was totally self-centered, narcissitic, cruel and abusive to those in his power. In his entire life, he seems to have been kind only to his adoptive parents. And that might have been because they surrendered to his imperious will. Kids, girlfriends, wife and business associates were just there to serve his needs. Otherwise, they were optional. He even refused to give any of his great fortune to charity. His success in business came from recognizing others' inventions and abilities, plus an insight into product design and advertising. He thought of himself as an independent rebel, but his products tried to force customers to buy everything from one source, the large business he founded. And the rebel just added to the number of giant corporations who rule the economy.<br /><br />His arrogance and insistence on ruling the world led to his premature death. When his doctors diagnosed pancreatic cancer, he refused conventional treatment in favor of herbal remedies and other silly nostrums. Not because he regarded the body as a temple or the source of spiritual power, but because he wouldn't let anyone tell him what to do. Of course, a man dying of cancer is pathetic, but this is the only time in his life that he appeared normal.<br /><br />The author captures the subject very well. He is perhaps under the spell, but the truth comes through.
B00005QHV5|3.0|These interpretations are rather too rigid and classical in shape for my taste; they lack Beethoven's characteristic mixture of passion and nobility one can hear in the interpretiations by Karajan, Kleiber and Furtwangler. However, I'm sure some listeners do prefer Beethoven conducted as if the music was written by Mozart like Wand does here.<br /><br />The Penguin Guide and the Gramophone Magazine are very far from infallible.
0446556750|3.0|I read The Reversal by Michael Connelly with much trepidation. I have read and loved Michael Connelly (and Harry Bosch) from his very first book. However, after reading Nine Dragons I felt incredibly left down --- as though Connelly was simply going through the motions.  The Reversal was much, much better than Nine Dragons. However, it's still a long way from those early Bosch stories. Bosch's battles with superiors have gone, there is no conflicted love interest, now he's more worried about being a good dad to his daughter than fighting authority. Maybe he's matured, maybe he's softened, but he's not the Bosch I grew to love.  Mickey Haller is in here too, as Connelly again brings his two key characters together in the same story. Nothing new to see here.  All in all an enjoyable read but it's more John Grisham than early Michael Connelly.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|I always know i will love anything written by Nicholas Sparks and i was not disappointed. Great story - I loved it!
B005G4TJI4|4.0|Though not the best of the Transformers' movies so far (the first being the best), I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Have seen it several times over!!  Ready for more Transformers!  :-)
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This is absolutely the very best made for television production that I've ever seen.  Once I started watching, I couldn't stop. Just beyond excellent!  If you're into American History ~ This is a must have.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|The movie to me is the best of 2011!  Outstanding actors and storyline.  The effects are amazing! Loved how they built the relationship between the characters.
B004EPZ06G|2.0|Synopsis:  The guys are at it again, as Stu (played by Ed Helms), Phil (Bradley Cooper), Alan (Zach Galifianakis), and Doug (Justin Bartha) go to Thailand to celebrate Stu's upcoming marriage to Lauren (Jamie Chung); who happens to be a far better person to him than his previous fiancee.  Though he's hated by Lauren's father's (Nirut Sirijanya), Stu is adored by her brother Teddy (Mason Lee), so he includes him in their partying plans in Bangkok (much to Alan's chagrin.)  Well, once again the boys party to hard, and once again they lose another member of the party (though it's not Doug this time, as he spends most of the movie hanging out at the resort being the boring married guy.)  The difference is that Leslie Chow (Ken Jeong) is now responsible for some of the trouble the boys are involved in and a chain-smoking monkey has engaged them on their travels.  The group goes through a bunch of ridiculous scenarios in an attempt to retrace their steps and to explain what occurred the night before and to find their missing comrade.  Will they get back to the wedding unscathed and intact?  Will Stu earn the respect of Lauren's father?  Will Alan ever grow up or will he always be a man-child?  While the first Hangover was laugh-out-loud funny, this one wasn't nearly as humorous.  However, the action sequences were far more intense than what you saw in the first film, so if you were watching this as you were any type of action movie, then it could have been very enjoyable.  However, the ending of the film killed any redeeming factor that the movie leading up to it would have offered.  When Stu told off his previous fiancee, it was one of the moments where everyone in the theater stood up and cheered him on.  Now when he stands up to Lauren's father at the end, the nonsense that comes out of his mouth (and the father's subsequent reaction) is actually less believable than everything else that occurred leading up to it (and believe me, their misadventures in this film were certainly more ridiculous than the first film.)  Part of a movie is wanting to see it again, not to kill 90 minutes of buildup with a weak climax during the last 10 minutes of the film.  I think I read somewhere that Todd Richards is going to hold off on a Hangover 3 movie and frankly, that's probably a solid plan if they want to inject the franchise with some fresh ideas.   If you were a massive fan of the first film, you can check this out for continuity purposes.  If you're expecting this to be above and beyond the first film, however, prepare to be disappointed.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|This is one of the worst records of all time.   LULU is to music what linoleum is to thick, plush carpeting... flat, cold, & uninviting. No WONDER this isn't getting radio airplay!   Metallica fans, your last atom of patience will finally be exhausted here. I can't imagine hardcore Lou-heads will find much to like about it either. ICED HONEY is the only track remotely resembling a real song. The rest is disturbingly lame beatnik poetry (which died a half century ago!!!), flatly announced by a deadpan Lou Reed over the blandly heavy, minimalistic meanderings of what used to be Metallica. Not that you'd recognize them in this performance. LULU is definitely more Reed than anybody else. So disjointed, it sounds like the 2 entities recorded their parts from opposite ends of the universe. Then someone who has never heard either group before wandered into the studio to randomly slap vox on songs until each selection had some lyrics & some music. You know, just like the Stooges' Curley carelessly builds a tall sandwich.... bread, salami, cheese, paint, lettuce, onion, oven mitt, soap, pickles, syrup, newspaper, bread.   Since the Napster outrage, Metallica seems determined to heap on as much suffering as possible to whatever remains of their rapidly fading fan base. And there's no way this nightmarish LULU of an album repairs their flat-lining reputation. That's always the way when rock stars get straight, isn't it? Here again, sobriety serves no one very well so perhaps Reed should jump back on the white pony as Metallica boozes it up like the good, old days? Maybe then we'll get more listenable \\"music\\" out of these people.   LULU is an epic fail the likes of which we haven't been seen since Timothy Leary acid rapped with N.W.A. on the floor of Congress. That never happened, you say? Probably bc everyone with an ounce of sense knows there would be no chemistry to be found in doing such a painfully ridiculous thing.   LULU should never have happened either. It's just bad.Final Grade: F-
0439023521|5.0|\\"The Hunger Games\\" by Suzanne Collins was introduced to me by my coworkers who raved about the series. Intrigued, I decided to buy the book collection (which saved me money) and seriously read \\"The Hunger Games\\" (THG) in roughly 26hrs. By now, everyone should know what the premise of the book is, so I'll skip that detail. However, I will say that Collins knows how to keep her audience on the edge of their seat. She knows how to scare her readers, similar to Stephen King, but obviously not in the same gruesome/horrifying way. Remember, this IS a YA novel so it's more toned down than any King read.  The back story about the Games is very interesting and had me turning the pages to find out more. And before I knew it, they were in the arena, fighting and killing each other and sooner than I realized, I was finished with the book.  There is a small love triangle between the protagonist and two males. The love triangle aspect was a nice touch between all the ruthless fighting going on around them. Nonetheless, THG isn't centered around the love triangle. It's more about the arena and staying alive. That is what I mostly loved about the first installment.   My only criticism is the poor proof reading Collins did before selling the books. There are a lot of spelling errors throughout the book. This kind of threw me off and I would have to re-read that certain paragraph or sentence over again. But do not let small errors like that deter you from reading! This is an AWESOME book series and I recommend everyone read them before the movie comes out. Hopefully they don't botch it.   Enjoy!
B005LJITS0|2.0|When I saw the Trailers and clips on TV promoting this one I couldn't get over the CGI looking so terrible.  I think I figured that part out though, CGI just comes across as cartoonish with bright primary colors.  It's why the Hulk 2003 who was bright green looked so bad, while the 2008 Hulk was a dark green and came across much better.  The CGI in this was actually outstanding IMHO, except for using primary colors in CGI it's like trying to keep a white car clean, it just accentuates the problems.  The Story and Action were far better than expected but the insecurities and play boy nature of Hal did stray from the character a bit, that was one of the problems of going with a character like Hal since he was so dull, would have been better off telling Kyle or John Stuart's back-story.  Still I probably would have given it 4 stars but the way Warner is screwing people who wanted to PAY MORE MONEY and support them it's gotta get knocked down a bit, I hate doing that but I feel I have too.
0439023491|5.0|My favorite book of THG Trilogy.<br /><br />Collins throws a few twists and turns to her readers in \\"Catching Fire.\\"<br /><br />Overall, I was shocked.<br />I was scared for the characters.<br />I laughed out loud.<br />I cried.<br /><br />You know that moment when you're reading a good book and you just have to take a moment to look up and think about what you just read? And how you're in \\"awe?\\" Yeah....well, I had a lot of those moments. I loved the dynamics of each and every one of the characters. You thought you loved Haymitch, Peeta, Katniss, Gale, Prim, Rue and Madge from the first book? Wait til you meet a whole new cast of characters that you will love just as much!<br /><br />I read \\"Catching Fire\\" in one day. I'm on my third time reading the series. And I love every single thing about them. Please take the time and buy the box collection! You WILL NOT regret it! It saves you money and it is so pretty!<br /><br />Enjoy!
B000VZFT78|5.0|Excellent album that shows off all the talent of this incredible band. Like all QOTSA albums this is twisted,full of wit but in the RAW. Quit reading reviews and click buy and you and your music library will be the better for it!
0439023513|5.0|Let me start by saying that THG series in a whole is a wonderfully intriguing read. Page-turning, suspenseful, heart-aching, heart-warming and more. By now, we should all understand the premise behind the series, however, Collins takes somewhat of a \\"predictable\\" turn in the final installment of the trilogy. Saying the third installment was \\"predictable\\" certainly DOES NOT mean it is bad. After all, I gave each book 5/5 stars :)  When I say predictable, I only mean it in the sense of envisioning myself as Katniss. What would I do if I were Katniss and all of these misfortunes happened to me? Would I fight for what I love and believe in? Would I give in to the media and let the government control me and my loved ones? In \\"Mockingjay,\\" my questions were answered.  I think one of the things I admire most about the series as a whole, is seeing a young girl take control of her life and fighting against those who try to dictate and control her. Here she is advocating for justice, her life and peace against a corrupt, blood-hungry, ruthless government. The symbol of the mockingjay is such a powerful symbol and obviously becomes or prominent in the final installment of THG series.  (Side Note: Have any of you realized while reading the books that Katniss is always forgetting the mockingjay pin?? Everyone seems to be finding it somewhere and giving it to Katniss to hold on to. I relate the mockingjay pin to a symbol of hope. Think about it: Katniss is always losing the pin...she is always losing hope. But she keeps finding it in unexpected places when others give it to her to hold on to. To protect it. She is the mockingjay.)  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this series. Without a doubt, \\"Mockingjay\\" is the saddest book of the series. I cried a lot. It literally made me depressed. My heart ACHED. I didn't know what to do with myself when I finished the series the first time, so I reread pages over and over to make sure I clarified all the details.  Suzanne Collins did a wonderful job at surprising her audience, evoking emotions from them, tearing their hearts to pieces and then mending them in the end. I love this read and I think anyone who loved the first two books will love this book as well.   You will be depressed when it is over. Period.  However, enjoy!!
0316098329|5.0|Read this book for book club.  We all  were astounded that this book is written  from a 5yr olds perspective, and although  its not a true story it could be.  Scary.  My bookclub members were about 50/50 in  some liked the story and the rest did not.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I seldom watch movies more than once. I was not a big MJ fan. But I must confess I have watched this video 5 times and cannot get enough of it.
B005PMNBNG|5.0|a very nice double disc journey. Once in a while you come across music that you feel relates to you and your situation in life and is kinda like a soundtrack for that phase.  M83 has always been so good at evoking emotion through their music.  I loved saturdays=youth and I really love this album as well.  Reminds you of how fun it is being a kid again which is truly priceless.  My favorite tracks are \\"new map\\" and \\"wait\\".  I've followed M83 since the beginning and they have gotten better and better each album. M83 forever.
0446573019|3.0|I have always enjoyed Baldacci 's books in the past and this is no exception.  However, there has to be something going on between him and Lee Child.  This is such an obvious take off of a Reacher story that the two of them must have planned this.  I mean Puller....Reacher  are you kidding me????
B004EPYZSU|1.0|The movie was terrible-very, very bad.  Besides having two high quality actors (Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig) the plot was almost too simple for the average viewer and very corny.  I understand mixing the two genres of western movies and sci-fi flicks probably hasn't been done before but this wasn't the best way to go about doing it.  The aliens and their ships did seem pretty cool but theres very well done CGI in many other sci-fi movies plus they didn't show the aliens that clearly.  Olivia Wilde has been good in other movies but looked totally out of place and did a poor job of acting in this movie.  Overall though the plot, certain scenes in the movie, and poorly done scenery with CGI and the actors made it look to be a level right above \\"Attack of the Killer Tomatoes\\" (A B-rated movie).  Way too overrated of a movie to say the least.  Shame on Hollywood for producing this one.
0984380213|5.0|I dug in where we had a need for improvement right away, the sales process, and read, \\"The Top 6 Prospecting Mistakes Sales Reps Make.\\" Awesome targeted info there! Took only some of their suggestions, put them to work right then and voila, landed a couple sales right off the bat the same day - the same hour ;  So I can only imagine what the rest of the book's tips have to offer. LOVE books like this, yes!
B004LWZWEC|5.0|Impressive product for AC/DC fans!  Paris show content is wonderful; the concert was captured very well, highlighting the entire band while giving the spotlight to Bon and Angus when appropriate.  The film is easy to watch; it doesn't bounce around from shot to shot too often.  And the sound is great!<br /><br />Terrific tribute to Bon as this was the pinnacle of his career, and was captured shortly before his untimely death.  Extra content is okay.  Most is present-day tributes by various artists and critics which can get a bit redundant.  Documentary-style content of the band as it was during original filming gives us insight as to the humility of 5 working-class musicians just trying to have fun.<br /><br />Print content is wonderful history for those of us that don't know everything there is to know about the band.<br /><br />Amazon fulfillment was perfect as expected.  Product was available and shipped promptly upon order, arriving in new condition when anticipated.
0307593312|1.0|I consider Murakami's ouvre to be uneven at best, but when he is good he is fantastic.  This is not a good one.  It's like it is written with alzheimers sufferers in mind.  Each event in the novel (and there aren't many) is repeated and picked over and recapped endlessly by each character, yet without adding anything to the scant action that actually occurred.  Someone with an incapacitated short term memory would be able to follow the plot, because when something finally does happen, it will be repeated and synopsized every few pages til the end of the novel, which is incredibly weak, by the way. This may sound dull, but it is much worse, because the space between recaps is endlessly padded out with details about meals, the weather, the contents of sock draweres, or anything else that could be included without furthering the story line or giving us significant insights into the nature of the characters.  If this were cut down to a novella it would probably be pretty good. As a 944 page novel it is a travesty.
0671646788|5.0|I think everyone should read this book, even if you are not planning on any kind of self-improvement or personal acheivement of any kind. It puts you more in touch with reality. If Keven Trudeau receommends reading it, then by all means read it. I know he is somewhat and some times known as a controversial figure, but never the less, he didn't make his billions by accident. There is magic in the way a person thinks.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|The Chilling Truth behind the lies....Everyone in the \\"99%\\" should see this video and stop listening to lies on mainstream media.
B005974CDU|5.0|So this is the NEW Dream Theater without Mike P?  I've been a DT fan from the beginning... but this whole issue with Portnoy leaving is really making me lose it.  How can there exist an album with the name Dream Theater and NO MIKE PORTNOY?!?  Well they proved me wrong for sure with this colossal masterpiece... it's a real simple album to explain... apparently the whole \\"lets rock out like a metal band and forget we're progressive\\" sound they've truly embraced since Six Degrees (which I LOVE by the way and am not dissing in any way) is gone.  I guess the band wanted to soften up their sound... which allows them to do something else they've obviously been jonesing to do: get wayyyy more progressive!  This album sounds like it should have come out after WDADU... it sounds so adventurous and free... I swear, listening to it for the 10th time now in a row.. and wow - there's rarely a time when I can predict what happens next.. and that's why I like it more with each listen.  Like any great prog album, it rewards you more each time you listen because you start to recall what you've heard before and it just feels so - you know.<br /><br />A LOT OF piano for sure.  But I've always loved Rudess.  Big time.  He's amazing, and I really liked the loads of piano Derek S played on FII so this sounds natural to me.<br /><br />Now on to the songs.  Wow.  Here we go:<br /><br />1. On The Backs Of Angels<br />  Wow... what an opener.  I've been enjoying this song for a while now and it's just so good.  Kind of reminds me of Pull Me Under.  The band feels really agile and light on their feet.. the new drummer is very good... very tasteful playing.<br /><br />2. Build Me Up, Break Me Down<br />  This immediately sounds like something from a James Labrie solo album, which is not a bad thing... just really different.  Although the drum machine bothers me, there's enough good prog here to give this song a pass and a thumbs up.  It's actually quite a good song.. very short and catchy.  It's a pop song obviously made for us prog fans, so I have to love it.. Great job guys, outstanding melody \\"I can't live up, I can't let down and leave you falling to pieces\\".<br /><br />3. Lost Not Forgotten<br />  Holy crap this is the most progressive song I've ever heard from Dream Theater.  It starts with very subdued piano, then builds into a rocked-out prog riff, then goes totally metal for a few bars before breaking down into a scale and syncopation clinic... then it breaks down into a more simple rock riff and James starts singing.. he still sounds like he does on his solo albums... more grand and huge than ever - more like he sounded on the two Kevin Moore albums.  I like it. Some of this extra-large song sounds like it was inspired by WDADU and their really early material.  I'm talking Another Won here.  Yeah!<br /><br />4. This Is The Life<br />  What the?  A ballad.  Yes, this early on the album.  Okay so the song turns out to be really good.  Although they've tried numerous times, DT hasn't had but one other sing-along-worthy anthem (IF I DIEEE TOMORROWWWWWW, I'LL BE ALRIIIIGHT BECAAAUUUSE I BELIEVE THAT AFTER WE'RE GONE - you know the one  This song also belongs in the sing-along-worthy category. THIS IS THE LIFE WE BELONG TO - very catchy.<br /><br />I'll take the time here to remind myself how great the lyrics are so far on this album... no \\"darrrk maaaassssterrr\\", no \\"steaming pxxs and sxxt\\", no \\"I wish I weren't so fuxxed\\"  - NO.. these are actually good lyrics!<br /><br />5. Bridges In The Sky (the best song on the album)<br />  Alright!  an 11 minute song, finally!  Throughout the long intro, I'm waiting for the guy from Sylvan to start singing.. but I'm loving this mood they're setting.. okay now it's HEAVY.  The main riff when he starts singing is delicious.  Very progressive, fellas!  Love the key changes that jump back and forth.  Very epic chorus!  I'll be singing this at the top of my lungs!  \\"THE FABRIC OF REEEALITY IS TEEEAARING APART\\" - Ilove this song!  This is the theme song for the new DREAM THEATER!  The syncopation in the instrumental break are more impressive than anything I've heard the boys play!  I didn't think they could crush time signatures this well and stay tight!  Either studio magic, or they're REALLY clicking with this new drummer.  They've just NEVER SOUNDED BETTER.<br /><br />  By the way, I was on youxxbe looking for clips of the band playing this live, and couldn't find it.. but I surprisingly found some young gentleman from south america playing it in a club note for note.. it's quite amazing if you can find it.<br /><br />6. Outcry<br />  Okay, thisone is loooooooong!  Cool setlist, guys.. I'm LOVING IT!  The beginning sounds yet again like something from Elements of Persuasion (a James Labrie solo album).  The core of the song is very simple and basic prog-rock stuff.  The instrumental break is just sick.  Again, they sound like they're out to prove something... like \\"look what kind of stuff we've been wanting to do\\"  the key jumps are just outrageous.. this is very classical in structure. LOVE the piano break-down at 9 minutes.  Beautiful vocals.  If I could I would give 3 thumbs up for this new direction.  The more prog the better.  They wear it well!<br /><br />7. Far From Heaven<br />  Now this is a ballad... plain and simple.  Very good stuff.  This one is a showcase for Labrie and Rudess... they've both never sounded better.  Amazing stuff.  Thanks for the break guys.. now lets get back to the BUSINESS........<br /><br />8. Breaking All Illusions<br />  The longest song on the album.  This is a close second to BRIDGES IN THE SKY for my fave track on the album.  Hearkens back to the really good parts of Octavarium, with even more prog goodness.  I love the way Rudess has a major part in all the heaviest passages from this tune.  Am I the only one who thinks they sound like a completely different band without Portnoy?<br /><br />9. Beneath The Surface<br />  Another ballad.  Are there too many?  For my taste? yes.  But then again, Octavarium was ballad-heavy and that was a great thing.  After the exhausting Breaking All Illusions, this song seems right at home.  Give the drummer a break before we hit play and listen to Backs Of Angels again.instrumental break are more impressive than anything I've heard the boys play!  I didn't think they could crush time signatures this well and stay tight!  Either studio magic, or they're REALLY clicking with this new drummer.  They've just NEVER SOUNDED BETTER.    By the way, I was on youxxbe looking for clips of the band playing this live, and couldn't find it.. but I surprisingly found some young gentleman from south america playing it in a club note for note.. it's quite amazing if you can find it.  6. Outcry     Okay, thisone is loooooooong!  Cool setlist, guys.. I'm LOVING IT!  The beginning sounds yet again like something from Elements of Persuasion (a James Labrie solo album).  The core of the song is very simple and basic prog-rock stuff.  The instrumental break is just sick.  Again, they sound like they're out to prove something... like \\"look what kind of stuff we've been wanting to do\\"  the key jumps are just outrageous.. this is very classical in structure. LOVE the piano break-down at 9 minutes.  Beautiful vocals.  If I could I would give 3 thumbs up for this new direction.  The more prog the better.  They wear it well!  7. Far From Heaven    Now this is a ballad... plain and simple.  Very good stuff.  This one is a showcase for Labrie and Rudess... they've both never sounded better.  Amazing stuff.  Thanks for the break guys.. now lets get back to the BUSINESS........  8. Breaking All Illusions    The longest song on the album.  This is a close second to BRIDGES IN THE SKY for my fave track on the album.  Hearkens back to the really good parts of Octavarium, with even more prog goodness.  I love the way Rudess has a major part in all the heaviest passages from this tune.  Am I the only one who thinks they sound like a completely different band without Portnoy?  9. Beneath The Surface    Another ballad.  Are there too many?  For my taste? yes.  But then again, Octavarium was ballad-heavy and that was a great thing.  After the exhausting Breaking All Illusions, this song seems right at home.  Give the drummer a break before we hit play and listen to Backs Of Angels again.
B0050QV0RQ|3.0|first let me say, this is a great little tunrbased SNES style RPG, very similar the early FF series. power leveling is pretty good and i LOVE the Auto feature, which makes all of the charaters attack the same target with thier default melee attack until all the enemies are dead. its great if u just want to kill time and grow ur characters.   movement is a little irritating, inhave a physical keyboard on my droid 3, and the arrow keys come in handy at times. the on screen d-pad is all but useless do ive found its better to just disable it. using the touch cintrols is kind of a challence, since ur thumb/finger pretty much obscures the character. with the touch contils theres two ways of doing things. you can just touch your destination/target enemy and the character moves to that square or follows the selected enemy until it hits an obsacle (sp).   or you can sort of trace a path with your finger and this seems to work the best but thats where the problem of your finger covering up the charachter comes in.   Now we come to the dialogue.... the best thing i can say is that i have no idea WHATSOEVER as to what the over arching storyline of this game is. the reason being, the characters get into these conversations that have absolutely nothing to do with the plot. just talking for talkings sake but it also doesnt give u any character development either. im pretty sure the next dialogue i hear is going to be someone commenting on someone else's shoes.... yeah, its that bad. so i find myself skipping over the dialogue unless it seems really relevant and just looking for the next area to level up in.  so in short, if your looking for a fun little rpg that you can kill time with by grinding, heres a pretty good choice, but if you want something that is actually interesting with a good story, this isnt it, and unfortunately the world of cell phone rpgs still really isnt there.  im giving this 3 stars simply because i like grinding while im watvhing tv. other than that, you might as well play solitair, for all the back story your going to get, unless youre willing to wade though dialogue that sounds like it was written by a  bunch of kids in the 3rd grade.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|This the best metal cd I have bought in a long time.Every song kicks ass.I am an old school metal head for over 40 years. You will not go wrong with this one.
B0055SWM08|5.0|It s really awesome and relaxing! 5 stars for sure. It reminds me of the ice caves in Pokemon games
B004SMD4H2|5.0|So happy that we waited to buy Haven Season 1 on Blu-ray. The clarity is wonderful, and all the Extras makes the wait so worthwhile. We love this show and are so proud to live in the Canadian province where this season was shot. The landscape is beautiful and the Haven crew did a superb job of capturing this region's natural beauty. We are in Heaven knowing that it's been given a third season, and that we will soon be able to buy Season 2 on Blu-ray.
B000FA57US|5.0|wow what a great come back of micheal meyers. I love the fact that i was able to purchase my halloween collection at such a great price at Amozon.com.
B000JML7EC|5.0|I have read Treasure Island for the first time ever and it was great.  I read it on the Kindle and use the text to speech option.  I was able to follow the dialogue easy and understand the story by listening and following the text at the same time.  With a audio book I cannot follow the text and I lose interest in the story.  The Kindle is perfect for me because I can listen to one of the greatest stories in literature and still follow the text.
B005DZMP00|5.0|Even if you think you've heard all the Grateful Dead you need to hear, you need to listen to this.  Disc two starting off with Dark Star > Drums > The Other One is well worth the price of these discs alone.  It's crazy it has taken this long for the record label to give the fans what they truly deserve, an unmasked look at the Grateful Dead doing what they do best.
0385534639|5.0|This incredible novel was perfect for reading by candlelight while our power was out over Halloween.  By far the most imaginative and unique book I have read in a long time, I give it five stars.  I would recommend it heartily to anyone, even though it is peopled with magicians, illusionists, tarot card readers, manipulators and contortionists - i.e. the type of characters I usually would not pursue.  The tale is more sweet than sinister, regardless of the fact that there is a serious competition going on.  The illusions are real.  The descriptions of venues are inventive and vividly fascinating, revealing new wonders all the way to the end. The story takes place between 1873 and 1903, in a circus that opens at dusk and closes at dawn, moving from place to place with no formal itinerary.  Matter isn't what it seems, and after all, love is what matters.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I have over 100 Concert DVD's and this one is by far the best. The picture quality is like high def (I know because I also had the HD-DVD version and I couldn't tell the difference!) and the sound quality is as good as any studio recording I've heard. They knocked this one out of the park. Add to that the fact that these guys sound every bit as good as they did 20 years earlier and the end result is a concert that you have to see and hear to fully appreciate. Watching this concert almost brings me to tears every time I watch it. Heck even the bad vibes between Glenn Frey and Don Henley aren't evident. They even pretend they all like each other in this concert (or at least they aren't kicking and spitting on each other, LOL!)  Peter Frampton's Live in Detroit DVD is a close 2nd but that's discontinued. If you love the Eagles (and seriously, who doesn't love the Eagles?) then you owe it to yourself to buy this DVD!  Don't pay any attention to the reviews from the morons that ordered the HD-DVD and are mad because they cannot play it on their standard DVD player. Why give the product a bad review because you are too stupid to know what you are ordering?
B005NPLXJ4|4.0|Disclaimer: While I like some of their older material and I thought the black album was brilliant, I was never much of a Metallica fan. On the other hand, I have always liked Lou Reed; VU of course, but a lot of his earlier solo work was also great. Lou Reed is one of the best rock lyricists ever. However, his records have been hit or miss. Sometimes a bit overindulgent, often dreary and lacking in melodic quality. In my opinion, the melodic sensibility and swirling guitar sound of Metallica is the perfect backing for Reed's growling vocals and long, complex song lines. I think this is one of the best Lou Reed albums in many years.
B00622DS0E|2.0|Sad. The best show on TV sank so low. In this episode we had some poor acting of the new girl whinning about losing her job for smacking a doctor who sexually harassed her (seriously? in this day and age she has fear of fighting the bully?), a new model hot doctor with a non-story, House and Wilson with silly bets and a rich guy that House is trying to blackmail. Boooring! It was my favorite show and now I can barely watch it. The banter between characters is so so forced, overdone and repetative I would catch myself tuning out.
B003XCVQ3C|4.0|Este adaptador es una buena elecci&oacute;n para llevar video, y lo mejor audio, por el mismo cable HDMI hasta tu TV. De una fabricaci&oacute;n s&oacute;lida y buenos acabados. Solo hay que conectar, seleccionar en el MAC en preferncias/sonido la opcion indicada de audio y ya, estas viendo y oyendo tus archivos en el TV. No incluye el cable HDMI.
B005AUWY90|4.0|After reading all the negative reviews on here, I was hesitant to buy this movie.  My wife took the kids to the theater so I have not seen it yet.  I'm glad I bought it.  It's solid 4 stars for me.  I thought it was fun movie to watch.  I equate level of violence in the movie to playing one of the Lego video games.
1401233376|4.0|Flashpoint, the DC Comics event that bridges the end of the DC Universe as we know it into DC's New 52 lineup, delivers pretty much what it promises.  Barry \\"The Flash\\" Allen wakes up one day to find the world as he knows it has changed, possibly forever.  He's not the Flash, Cyborg is America's greatest hero, Bruce Wayne died that night in Crime Alley while his father Thomas survived, Superman never crash-landed in Smallville, Hal Jordan never became a Green Lantern, and Aquaman and Wonder Woman are blood-thirsty enemies whose war between each other threatens to destroy the entire planet.  Yes folks, Flashpoint is pretty much for all intents and purposes, DC's version of Marvel's House of M.  It's an alternate reality mini-series that makes great use of having Barry Allen as the central character of the story, and delivers its promises of a game-changing event...for now that is (I still think that one day DC will reset all this at some time down the road).  What really hurts Flashpoint though is that it's just too short.  There's so much about this world that remains unsearched with unanswered questions, which naturally can be found in numerous tie-ins and spin-offs to the event itself.  In that regard, things don't get as fleshed out as they should.  Still, writer Geoff Johns manages to weave an intriguing tale, and Andy Kubert's pencils are more than solid.  All in all, Flashpoint is worth checking out alone for the fact that this is the end of the DC Universe as we've come to know it since the end of Crisis On Infinite Earths, even if that end isn't quite as big a bang as one would hope it to be.
1558908846|4.0|I'm not going to say that I hate this movie, because I don't.  It's a fun movie to watch...if you're not familiar with the comic book, and you're not a purist.  Which I am both.  It's not the acting in this film; I loved it all.  From Stallone's 'Jut-Out-Chin' portrayal of Dredd (IMHO, ONLY Stallone can say 'I Am The Law', and have you believe it), to Max Von Sydow's weary Chief Justice.  It's not the special effects or set design, either; they got those both down pat.  The fault with this film lies squarely with the writers.  They screwed up his story something fierce, and the actors made do with what they had, which they did brilliantly.  It's like I always say, 'It could have been brilliant on a level unimagined...if the writers had gotten the story right'.  They got several key points wrong in this film, but I'll list the top four:   One: Judge Joseph Dredd never, ever ever ever ever ever ever ever EVER took off his helmet.  EVER.  Two: Judge Fargo was long dead by the time Joseph Dredd was born.    Three: It is completely forbidden for Judges to engage in intimate relationships.    Four: Since Rico was a former Judge, he should not have been in Aspen.  The jail for crooked judges was called Titan orbiting Jupiter (if I remember that right...I'll edit it if I'm wrong).  I'm not saying 'Don't see this movie', because it really IS a fun ride.  It only loses a star because of the accuracy of the story.
B0009R1T7M|5.0|I have been a big music fan for over 30 years.  I can't play any instruments worth a lick, but I have always been a fan of different genres of music.  This is the only album that I've ever listened to that has changed my life.  I can't imagine any other album ever having as much of an effect on me than Illinoise.  Other albums may be better to listen to while I am in certain moods, but nothing will touch this album for its complete brilliance.  I don't think Sufjan will ever equal it again.
B005QI4TP8|4.0|i'm not sure about this album. just got my hands on it and i have to say it seems heavy handed on the engineering side. to me it seems like they pushed it too hard and the fidelity is clipped. on my car stereo i usually listen to music i really like somewhere between 12 and 18 on the volume. i had to turn this down to 9. it is so pushed. with it being so over the top on the engineering it also makes it fatiguing to listen to. sigh. i love her so. saw her at the greek in berkeley this summer. she was amazing. i guess i just wish the album also showcased her subtleties as well as the power. that being said... i'll buy every album she puts out.
0618918248|5.0|I was bored, and a brother-in-law offered me this book.  I wasn't very interested, but thought I'd read a page or two.  I couldn't put it down!  I found it hilarious, insightful, systematic and thorough.  This book completely debunks the idea that the existence of god can be proven.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|I just listened to this after acquiring.... it will be the first Metallica project/CD I DON'T buy in a store.  Safe your money.  You'll be better off pretending this never happened.  Let's just hope something great is around the corner for THEIR next album.
B003L77TZI|1.0|Man, I just CANNOT listen to her voice.  It is truly awful.  Like a strangled cat at best.  It's so unpleasant that the songs hardly matter.  ALthough, speaking of the songs. . . they are horrible, too.  Perry apparently knows the only way to get attention is by being naughty and shocking, since she can't sing in the least.    Did I already mention? . . . I hate this CD.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|Movie was better than I thought it would be, however, the \\"Digital Copy\\" is that UltraViolet crap and it doesn't download so it can play on my iPad or iPod.  I will NOT buy another blue-ray disk with this bogus Digital Copy come-on. Shame on WB for cheating the public with this.  Movie gets 3-4 stars, Digital Copy = 0.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I have crashed three times trying to beat the same level. Not an issue with the specific level, it just crashes a lot. Galaxy SII sprint.
B000X9PNOG|3.0|I totally agree with customers reviews that think Meat was out of his vocals strengths, He seemed struggling to stay on track, I am surprised and sometimes think he intends to slow the tempo for some reason of his own..  Aspen miller is the reason I bought this DVD, yes, she was energitic and vocally empowered, CC also is a monster on stage, both are wonderful, Meat Loaf was not even close,,Marion Raven is weak, Aspen would have by far beaten her..  The show is wonderful, but the vocals are annoying specially if you are expecting a performance from Meatloaf that takes u back to his old good days...
0618918248|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read, and since I finished it I have purchased all of Dawkins' books, and I'm currently reading at a very fast pace. There are enough other reviews that tell you what it's about and some background, so I won't waste your time. Just read it!
B0062W3GRY|5.0|I'm so glad that we are finally seeing Tate's backstory. I don't want to say anymore in case I ruin it for anyone. Anyway, the show just keeps getting better with each episode, and they are renewing the show for a second season!<br /><br />I tend to shy away from the horror genre because I scare easily, but this show is worth it. Just the right mix of drama, humor, and creepiness to keep me hooked.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Excellent.  Every song is great.  If you like country music you will love this album.  If you are not, you will enjoy it anyway.
1439181780|5.0|I love Rhonda Byrne's books.  If  you read \\"The Secret\\" and liked it then this is a winner.  Its based on the same idea, but in this book Rhonda discusses love and how we can use love to enhance our lives in ever single aspect of the word.  Great book!
0553801473|3.0|After a long delay, I expected much and more, to steal one of Martin's favorite phrases, than I got from the first A Song of Fire and Ice book in over five years. But what I got was like mother's milk, (another favorite,) for those of us who longed for a return to a world we loved and characters that we missed.<br /><br />Longsuffering fans of the series (and I count myself among them,) have been reading this series since the first book A Game of Thrones was published in 1996. The most recent book prior to this one, A Feast for Crows, was published in 2005 and that novel is actually only half of A Dance with Dragons. But not the normal half, where the first portion chronologically is separated into part one and then the second half, or what happens next, is put into part two. A Dance with Dragons is actually like Martin took a loaf of bread and sliced it long-ways, making the whole story only coherent when you shuffle A Dance with Dragons together with A Feast for Crows like a deck of cards. The last full book, meaning all the characters working through a continuous timeline, was published in 2000. That means that for the last 11 years, fans of this series have been waiting for updates on some of these characters. It was not worth the wait.<br /><br />For the last 11 years we've wondered what happened to Daenerys Targaryen, Jon Snow, and others and the answers given in this book were less than satisfactory. In fact, it had been so long, that I had to be reminded who some of these characters were for the story to make sense (and in fact, the excellent HBO production of A Game of Thrones was instrumental in helping me remember.) I see no way that this series can possibly conclude in only two more books because almost nothing happens! How can we read nearly 1000 pages and there be so little movement?<br /><br />Martin has been called the American version of J.R.R. Tolkein. That is most certainly not true! Not just because of the timeliness issues, but rather the fact that there is nearly complete moral ambiguity in these novels. At no time are readers clear about who is right or wrong, who is evil or good, and there is no one to cheer for that actually survives any given book. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings had no such issue. Tolkien made it very clear who were on the side of good and who weren't. He also made clear that individual choices had consequences and actions like courage, loyalty and truth were to be encouraged and greed, lust and dishonesty were to be discouraged. Martin conveys no clear moral compass. And this is a looming failure for this series: will we even care who wins the Iron Throne in the end?<br /><br />The books may seem more like a very, very short ride after a long, long line at an amusement park, but those of us who made the mistake of reading the incredible first three books have no choice but to continue to wait for the series conclusion, frustrated, but hopeful.<br /><br />Roy Dotrice, was a complete failure in the unabridged audiobook version, which is what this review is based upon. From the first chapter I wondered whether I would be able to stomach the gruff, growling voices that made nearly every character - male or female - sound like they were angry Irish dwarves. He was great for the narration, but the voices were a huge distraction. And it may be because the book was 959 pages long, but there were a multitude of uncorrected errors by Dotrice as he would read and realize a moment later that he was doing the wrong voice and switch. Most audiobooks get edited to fix these, so I assume the non-corrections are due to length. Finally, on the audiobook, Martin may not be a good candidate for audio regardless of reader because of his reliance on characters and inner-thought in his narrative, which makes it tough to tell when listening to a reader when the character is thinking and when they are actually speaking.<br /><br />For those of us who have been hooked for years, we had no choice but to devour hungrily - like men starved - this book. But for those of you have not yet started this ride, hold off until or even if Martin finishes this series. Instead look to authors like Brandon Sanderson for excellent fantasy books that actually progress and series that actually end.<br /><br />Review originally published at BookGateway. This book was provided by the publisher as a review copy.r hungrily - like men starved - this book. But for those of you have not yet started this ride, hold off until or even if Martin finishes this series. Instead look to authors like Brandon Sanderson for excellent fantasy books that actually progress and series that actually end.<br /><br />Review originally published at BookGateway. This book was provided by the publisher as a review copy.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|It is a delightful book. You really get into the book and are not be able to put it down. You find yourself involved and rooting for the people you are reading about. If there is a sequel,I will read that too. At the end you want to read more.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|This album is one of the greatest albums I have EVER had the pleasure of listening to! The song 'Never Let Me Go' Is indescribably amazing! I have been listening to it non-stop for the last several days and I am still as in love with it as I was when I first heard it, if not more in love!
160094048X|5.0|This cookbook has changed my life forever! I always have had trouble baking cookies for some reason, but now thanks to this book I can bake some really great ones! I've had great success with every recipe I've tried. The Banana-Everything Cookies inspired a room full of non-vegans to wolf them down and beg for more. I highly recommend the Mexican Snickerdoodles and the Orange-Agave Chocolate Chip cookies as well. Give yourself a treat and buy this adorable, uniquely-shaped cookbook!
B000TXZVGQ|4.0|I loved this show as a teenager.  It's about the typical teengage life and all the life situations that most teenagers come into contact with at some point in their life.  It was a great show... too bad it was cancelled.
1596432594|5.0|I didn't know him until I bought \\"Surely you're joking, Mr.Feynman!\\" around 1989. At that time, I even didn't know he was a Nobel prize winner. However, when I read the part \\"Uh wugga wuh, Uh wugga wuh,\\" in the early part of the book, I laughed out loud for several minutes. That was when he became one of my heroes. Since then, I have read as many books on him as I could. So, I didn't expect too much on this book \\"Feynman\\" , except for one particular reason that it is a comic book.<br />But I was wrong. This \\"Feynman\\" has everything I have read in all those previous books! Even illustrated Feynman's expressions tell me his emotions that printed words failed to describe, and hand written words of him miraculously sound as his real voice in my brain!<br />I can't tell you should read this comic \\"Feynman\\" first, then all those books on him, or vice versa. At least I know of is, this \\"Feynman\\" is a \\"MUST\\" .
B005VMSATA|5.0|good story line nice action and wow can you say he's hot! It is even better in HD! Good movie for any generation
B0041TW5WC|5.0|Disk One includes five songs from [[ASIN:B003HGKJ3M \\"Hunting\\"]]; five from  [[ASIN:B000009EUM \\"Scoundrel\\"]] ; six from [[ASIN:B000002LEO \\"Roads\\"]]; and four from [[ASIN:B000006SA4 \\"Sun/Moon\\"]].  Disk Two includes four each from [[ASIN:B00004SALH \\"Beach\\" ]]and [[ASIN:B00004SYWZ \\"Earth/Sky\\"]] and three each from [[ASIN:B000063DMG Lifelines]]; [[ASIN:B000BI0QNM \\"Analogue\\"]] and [[ASIN:B002A9OJ0Q \\"Mountain.\\"]]<br /><br />Disk Two also includes a-ha's official theme song to the Paralympics '94 [Shapes That Go Together] and a new, final song [Butterfly, Butterfly (The Last Hurrah)].<br /><br />For comparison, the [[ASIN:B00080N0WC \\"Definitive Singles Collection\\"]] has 17 songs (compared to 39 here) and none from the last two albums.<br /><br />Disk Three on this Deluxe Edition: the DVDs<br />  40  Take On Me (1985<br />  41  The Sun Always Shines On T.V.<br />  42  I've Been Losing You<br />  43  Manhattan Skyline<br />  44  Stay On These Roads<br />  45  Crying In The Rain<br />  46  Dark Is The Night For All<br />  47  Move To Memphis<br />  48  Shapes That Go Together<br />  49  Angel In The Snow<br />  50  Summer Moved On<br />  51  Minor Earth Major Sky<br />  52  Lifelines<br />  53  Did Anyone Approach You?<br />  54  Velvet<br />  55  Butterfly, Butterfly (The Last Hurrah)<br />  - and -<br />  56  Take On Me (1984 Version  Bonus Video)
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is amazing! I loved it. I couldn`t put it down at all! The book is thrilling and surprising and awesome and I love it! The whole series is amazing. I am making my mom read it so that she will take me to see the movie. I am 12 and wasn`t bothered by any of it. Not even killings! I loved Rue and think the way the book ends is perfect!
0735204551|4.0|I love this book!  If you are into positivity, the law of attraction, the mind and how to create the things you want using your mind... then this book is for you!<br />If you think all that is mumbo-jumbo, then I recommend you give it a pass.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Starring Liam Neeson as Oskar Schindler, Schindler's List is set in Nazi occupied Poland during World War II. Oskar Schindler is a formerly failed businessman who takes advantage of the war by starting yet another business and employing Jews from the Krakow ghetto, who are cheap labor. Producing enamelware for the German war-effort and \\"hiring\\" an Jewish businessman named Itzhak Stern to manage the factory, Schindler made large profits until the order came to move all Jews into concentration camps. Those in the Krakow ghetto, and therefore Schindler's workers, are transported to Plaszow which is run by a man named Goeth. Witnessing the atrocities of the concentration camp, Schindler appeals to Goeth - whom he had befriended - to allow him to set up his factory outside of the ghetto and reemploy his workers, which are \\"essential to the war-effort.\\"   After some bribery, Goeth agrees to allow this and the workers are protected from being randomly killed by Nazi guards. Over time Schindler adds other \\"necessary\\" workers through information given to him from Stern, until again the Jews are to be relocated - this time to Aushwitz. By now the Jews know exactly what this means and are terrified. With this news Schindler nearly gives up his efforts to save his workers believing that there is nothing more he can do. However, he devises a plan at the last minute and he and Stern furiously create a list - Schindler's List - of all the workers he will need in creating a new factory back in his hometown of  Zwittau-Brinnlitz. Making it on this list meant assurance of life, versus certain death. Using the money his business had been making over the years, Schindler pays Goeth for each person on the list.   Schindler operates his new factory until he basically goes broke. Luckily, this happens just before the German forces surrender to the Allied powers. All the Jews are automatically liberated now, and Schindler becomes the hunted as he is technically a member of the Nazi party.Saying their final goodbyes, the workers present Schindler with a letter signed by every worker attesting to his goodness as well as a ring engraved with a Talmudic Quotation which said, \\"Whoever saves one life saves the world entire.\\" The very last scene is of Schindler's grave, with his actual factory workers paying their respects by placing rocks on his headstone.   In my opinion, Schindler's list is worth every one of the eight awards it has received, including being the 1993 Winner of the Academy Award's Best Picture. Additionally, in 2007 Schindler's List was elevated from 9th to 8th place on the American Film Institute's \\"List of the 100 Best American Films.\\" Though the movie is graphic and does not shy away from showing the atrocities that came with the Holocaust, it also displays the rays of hope that penetrated the darkness of this genocide through people such as Schindler, who risked their lives for those they were ordered to hate and kill.
0345528581|5.0|the info in this book is explained very well,what he claims the exercises will do is so true,i could feel the difference early on after a short while of the workouts and there are plenty of different exercises in the book so you wont get bored.if you stick at it you will get much more fit and stronger because there are exercises that get progessively harder.the author really knows what he is talking about.
142311339X|5.0|This book is one of my favorite books. Rick Riordan describes the characters in this story very well. This book is full of adventure and I just enjoyed reading it very much.
1609419693|4.0|BOSSYPANTS is Tina Fey's memoir of growing up (\\"how to raise an achievement-oriented, drug-free, adult virgin\\"), being a nerd, being a woman. It's about writing comedy, being the boss, being Sarah Palin -- all with inside looks at Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock. I listened on audio (read very fast by the author) during a road trip and the miles flew -- clever and funny, I will listen again (or maybe read it, so as to be able to savor passages). I enjoyed Tina Fey before but I'm a fan now.
159514188X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book as a thirteen year old. It really seemed legitimate and realistic, almost too much so. It was very sad, so if you hate sad, dramatic books... don't read it! The format is great and really shows how great this author is! The characters, in my opinion, are very great and realistic, and the things that Hannah goes through sound like what a lot of people have to go through. I agree with some people who reviewed this book that the reasons for her death were not very dramatic or big things, but I think that it really showed that even if they are small, they add up. It is a great book for middle-schoolers and high schoolers to read and really shows the life of someone who is suicidal. Great book, just extremely sad.
B000VUQ4HW|5.0|I am reviewing the film, not the disc releases (having just seen it on the big screen).  But I understand that there are two quality versions of this film: the two disc Kino release being the one most people go for.<br /><br />But I was never a silent film fan until I watched this masterpiece, now I am hooked!  Instead of filling the frames with useless dialogue, the acting is what took center stage.  The movie is based almost exactly on the Stoker novel.  And the film creators were apparently sued by his estate (seeing how they changed a few names, combined two characters, and set the latter half of the film in Bremen, Germany instead of London.<br /><br />But the film was amazingly crafted and features some of the most cutting edge film techniques of that era.  Despite being black and white, the director released the film with an orange tint signifying day, and a blue tint for night.  It is an impressive technique that allows the viewer to follow the film without any of the problems due to night time filming (again, of that era).<br /><br />I have to say that I find Nosferatu (the vampire) very creepy, but also kind of fun at times.  It's a classic horror film that is not violent or graphic.  And the stairway scene near the end is one of the most amazing shots I've seen in classic film.<br /><br />This film is not for everyone.  It is a silent film, so the dialogue is presented in print at various points.  And then, only the most important dialogue.  If you need dialogue, or overt violence in your horror films, then I would pass this film by.  If you love quiet, creepy, and amazingly shot classic films, then this is for you!
B004EPZ00W|3.0|I guess this is a true story, or truly a story. The acting and production is excellent.  There is subtle humor and some interesting ideas, but the story is a cliche.  You know, hapless team, total underdog, makes good.  Well not quite, that's a bit of a new twist--that's a bow to the facts.    A couple of things I did not like about Moneyball:  I like baseball and this movie presents a cynical attitude toward the game at the major league level--it is all about money, sharp dealing, and wining wining wining.  I left the theatre feeling like I never wanted to watch another pro ballgame.  Actually the movie contains little about baseball as it is played, as a sport.  Also the father/daughter line was opaque to me, not developed, or made clear.  Why bring it in at all if it is not to be a meaningful part of the story?  I was entertained by the movie.  I felt that I got my money's worth.  That's it.  I will continue to enjoy baseball despite this movie.
0547366205|3.0|Very adorable illustrations.  I just cannot get past the concept that \\"everyone\\" has 10 fingers and toes; this is just not the case, as youth will eventually observe.  The item will either be returned or donated.
B000002LKU|5.0|I highly recommend this cd for fans of Mark Knopfler, especially if you want to experience the country side of this artist.
1401322336|4.0|Once again I've just recently started cooking and I found this book to be really good, it provides me with all the basic information that I need :) like it goes through the cuts of meat and how to cook them! It also gave me lots of inspiration and skills that I know will be very useful as I develop my cooking skills.  Great book perfect christmas present!
B000G8NXYG|5.0|I just wanted to add that the DVD version is a great restoration.  I haven't seen the Blu-Ray as a comparison, but compared to the previous versions of this film, this is a marked improvement.  Sound quality and visuals have been updated without harming the inherent soul of the film.  Scenes have been 'lightened' so that there are no contrast issues, dust and other foreign matter was also removed (though there are a couple of short scenes with grain or fuzz just at the very top or bottom - minor as it is).<br /><br />The DVD release also includes three discs with tons of bonus material as well as a nice booklet.  It is a true must buy for those die hard Kurosawa fans.  For fans of the film, or even those who haven't seen it, it is surely a great version to check out.<br /><br />I could go on and on about the wonder of the film itself, but with hundreds of positive reviews from fans and critics both, I think it's pretty obvious that this is one of the iconic films of all time.  And Empire magazine rates it as the #1 non-English film ever made.  I think it's definitely up there with some Truffaut, Ozu, Bergmann, Godard, and Fellini films (and a few other Kurosawa films).  Check it out!
B002BU0DPE|5.0|Pros: great sound and control.     long cord      comfort +  Cons: none yet ... they feel solid but the swivel looks like a likely spot to break ... just from all the other reviews.  Other thoughts: The way I see it, I paid about as much as a new game which would be old in about a year if not sooner. so if they last that long I'll be happy ... will update if the break.
0679736646|1.0|My god... this book was bad!!! The premise was alright (as far as SF goes) and had this novel been written as a short-story, it might have worked in some way, but the truth is that the results shown here are completely forgettable. Basically, \\"Ubik\\" is a story about a group of people (some of them gifted with special abilities) who are set upon the task of counteracting a plot of industrial espionage (or something like that, I couldn't care less, anyway). The story is crammed with a lot of characters, but unfortunately all of them are quite unsympathetic and lack any real depth. Except by their different names, you couldn't tell one of these \\"zombies\\" from the other. I didn't care at all about any of them, no matter whether they were disintegrated and scattered to the four winds, mummified and kept in formol or being \\"preserved\\" by means of a quaint hairspray. The storyline develops awfully and there's such a lack of intensity and narrative ability in some of the most crucial events (the bomb explosion, for example) that you really have to re-read some passages in order to understand if what the author describes is really coincident with the supposed gravity of the situation. I also found some details in the story quite dated (tobacco use, for instance) or just plain unconvincing (coin-operated home appliances, uh?). Also, the special abilities of some of the characters were preposterous, more typical of semi-divine entities taken out of a `Marvel' or a `DC' comic, than of regular human beings (whatever \\"gifted\\" they might be). The open-ended conclusion was also quite cheap. In general, everything in the book is too far-fetched and lightweight even for the standards of SF, 'popular fiction' or whatever you may want to call it. At the end, the reader finds himself snoring and nodding too much for the novel's good and wondering how the hell a book with an interesting premise like this can end up being such a dreadful yawn fest.<br /><br />In some ways, PKD is a horrible writer and \\"Ubik\\" really does its share in confirming the clich&eacute; by which he is largely known: that of an author with great ideas but poor literary skills to develop them satisfactorily on paper. A pity, yes, but that's how the thing goes... If you are not a Dick \\"fanatic\\" of the very first degree, you'd better stick to SOME of his [[ASIN:0375421513 best short stories]]; they will certainly give you \\"more\\" for \\"less\\"...<br /><br />As to me, I think I shall be definitely avoiding Dick's novels in the future like the plague, as this is not precisely my first disappointment with this author as \\"long prose works\\" go.and \\"Ubik\\" really does its share in confirming the cliché by which he is largely known: that of an author with great ideas but poor literary skills to develop them satisfactorily on paper. A pity, yes, but that's how the thing goes... If you are not a Dick \\"fanatic\\" of the very first degree, you'd better stick to SOME of his [[ASIN:0375421513 best short stories]]; they will certainly give you \\"more\\" for \\"less\\"...   As to me, I think I shall be definitely avoiding Dick's novels in the future like the plague, as this is not precisely my first disappointment with this author as \\"long prose works\\" go.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|There has been a fair bit of activity from the \\"Big 4\\" of thrash metal in the last couple of months. Some of it has been good, some great and some just plain \\"Lulu\\"! I am happy to set the tone of this review by stating that Worship Music falls into the second category. It is great thrash metal, pure and simple!<br /><br />I have always enjoyed the contrast that I have seen between the Metallica/ Megadeth brand of thrash, and that of Anthrax. While all thrash has more than a little dose of punk thrown into it, Anthrax have always seemed to veer further to the punk side of life than their Californian contemporaries. I am sure that this has a lot to do with their exposure to the thriving New York punk scene in the 80s.<br /><br />All of that having been said, this album is a pure delight to listen to. A fantastic blend of fast, punkish numbers and slower, more groove-laden metal with some seriously catchy choruses thrown in between (\\"I'm Alive\\" springs to mind here) I found myself getting more and more into the album as it went along.<br /><br />Since comparisons between these bands are inevitable let me lay it out as I see it. I have not yet had sufficient time to listen properly to Megadeth's new offering, Th1rt3en, but from initial impressions it is a great album. I find it completely impossible to listen to Metallica's latest \\"project\\" with Lou Reed, and probably will not try again any time soon. With Worship Music I think that for possibly the first time Anthrax is no longer the \\"little guy\\" in the \\"Big 4\\". It is undoubtedly to me the best that the band have ever released, and it is quickly rising to the top of my thrash metal pile for the time being.<br /><br />In conclusion, there is no real need to think any further. You NEED this album in your collection. Make it so!
B005IZLPMY|5.0|This movie is nothing short of amazing. It focuses on the heart of the person who would be Captain American. IT shows quality of spirit more than mere physical strength. This movie is a mix of comedy and action and thus very well written. One of the best movies of 2011.
B0002O7XW2|5.0|Great movie bought it to watch for Halloween, amazing price, and impossible to find it in any stores.   I didnt have any problems with the disk, and it was still wrapped just like they said. Plus it arrived when they said it would. Transactions like this make me camfortable to buy from Amazon any time.
B0053B347M|2.0|I am by no means an expert and this is my first experience with bias lighting but the Antec kit does work.  Perhaps brighter LEDs would work better but then you would certainly want a switch to be able to toggle it on and off.  As I said it does work and for the price you can't expect it to be the best solution but the major problem is the build quality.  It's built very cheaply and mine broke when I tried to swap out monitors for a Dell U2410.  In fact mine broke from the cable tension caused by the USB cable being in some Techflex with the rest of the monitor's cables when I was pulling the monitor out so I never even got a chance to try to remove it without damaging it.  If Antec can improve the build quality, provide an on/off switch of some kind and perhaps have some brightness settings I think they would have a winner.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|The Clear As Day Album is fantastic. Scotty Mccreery is a wonderful country singer; the songs selected are fantastic, good for listening and great for dancing. Really enjoyed, \\"I Love You So Big\\", and the \\"Trouble With Girls\\". A particular surprise was Old King James; Scotty sounds so poise and his tone is superior. A great album with a good singer. Amazon shipped this album quickly.We are happy to have this musical adventure.
B005W3G2D4|2.0|I was excited to see her new album but was really disappointed when I actually listened to it. I enjoyed her last two albums and was hoping I'd add this to the list. Unfortunately, all the songs sound the same. The lyrics are very similar in tone and theme and while I know she has a great voice, it's not well displayed here. I felt like she was just screaming a lot throughout the songs with no real style or range. I'd stay away from this one because you'll likely be disappointed.
B000KIRT6A|4.0|Great EQ. Disappointed that it has plastic case instead of metal. Makes it lite duty. Electrically works better than others I have used.
B004LROUNG|5.0|I really enjoy reading all of John Grisham's books.  I really had a hard time putting this book down, stayed up half the night to finish it.  His books are never as predictable as some authors.
B000JIJPZY|5.0|This gym was a great purchase. Doesn't make noise every single time you touch it, so it doesn't get annoying, but plenty to keep their attention. Very durable, too. The dogs tear across it and hasn't shown any wear. Had it for about 3 months, love it.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I was satisfied with my 405 CX for the first few months.  Now it's nothing but a hassle.  First, the HR monitor stopped functioning.  I replaced the battery, but no luck.  I jumped through a series of hoops and was able to regain the HR functionality.  Now it stopped recording my rides.  The recording will start but shuts off within a minute or two.  It's total frustration.  I paid a lot of money for this device, and it should just work. I don't have time for this nonsense.  I would highly recommend that you save your money and steer clear of the 405 CX.  Totally disappointed.  I wish I could give it zero stars but apparently that's no longer an option.  An update at as of Jan 6, 2012.  The device did what it was supposed to do for the most part for the past few months.  Now it's shutting off on me while I'm running.  Do yourself a huge favor and pick something else.  The 405 CX has been an ongoing hassle for me.  Update as of Feb 19, 2012.  My 405 has been behaving very well as of late.  No recent issues and I hope it stays that way.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I really enjoyed this book it was so good, and i got so attached to the characters. As well I enjoyed the conflict with what she had decided she wanted to be with cause of her past and what her heart falls for.
B005ELZKWS|5.0|Satch rocks like never before on this one! Hagar pulls out all the stops-- Anthony and Smith are right on!!   This is a true supergroup!
0316044695|5.0|This book takes you on a journey with four US Navy SEALS in July 2005 as they head for the mountainous Afghanistan-Pakistan border. They were to document the activity of an al Qaeda leader and his small Taliban army rumored to be very close to Bin Laden. Five days later, only one of those Navy Seals made it out alive.<br /><br />This story will make you proud of the American spirit, and will shock you to your core in regards to what our nation's finest must endure. You will be in awe they train to be seals, and then you will be mortified as you follow these four men through the horrific final battle. However, you will feel the honor and patriotism that all American's should feel for those who put their lives on the line everyday, fighting for freedom.<br /><br />Various reviewers have disputed some of the facts in this book that reads a lot like a war thriller. However, some of these arguments seem frivolous in light of the heroism and the sacrifice of these men that is true.<br /><br />There was some political commentary and I personally try to stay out of that in my own life, but I can respect a man's opinion. The statements (that I have heard he later regretted making) cause you to be in the moment with him in those mountains; a positive characteristic of the book. Much of the book is about Luttrell but his fallen teammates are also represented well.
0811836363|5.0|I have many books on the Beatles but this one actually had some new comments, subject matter and photos. I think this book is a great addition to any collection.
B005TQACLC|5.0|HER CONCERT WAS SO MUCH FUN!!! SO ENTERTAINING! SHE IS DOING MUCH BETTER THAN HER PREVIOUS YEARS. NOW JUST A BIT MORE UNTIL SHE'S BACK TO HER OLD SELF AGAIN!
B0041YI4ZO|4.0|I thought this movie was giong to be the 3rd donnie yen movie to lp man. But it was not. So right away i was disappointed but I gave this movie a try and sure enough it had most of the qualites of wyn chun and fighting style demonstrations. Not bad at all and the plot was ok. They did really delve into making this movie sentimental but overall if they would not have gone off tangent so much it would have been a 5 star movie!<br /><br />~shauns movie review
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I read the entire trilogy and the first book was my favorite hands down. This was one of the first books I read when I received my Kindle and I could not put it down. Unfortunately I was supposed to be studying for my licensure exam! There is something magical about the characters in this trilogy. You can't help but feel like you are part of them. You cheer for them, you cry with them, and you feel anger with them. I just finished the last book and I feel like I can't start another book. I feel cheated.... I want more from this trilogy!! I can not wait for the movies to come out. I know the actors will portray the characters right.   If you are reading this post to get an idea to read the books.... READ THEM!!! you will not be disappointed!!!
B005BUZO5A|3.0|Except for two lead songs, the CD itself is lacking a punch. It is a good party background music though if you don't care to listen to every word and note. Most of the songs lack a structure and mix different styles in just to make themselves interesting. Still the best Pitbull CD ever. Fits in the modern trend. Local interest: if you're from Miami, you'll love the references in the songs. Think the CD will \\"ripe\\" after few listenings and will be enjoyable for some time.
B005SV9X22|1.0|I'm sorry, but this dvd isn't that great. She is a lot better live, but the way this is shot is just so disappointing.
0451232577|5.0|Great Read!  The first of a three part trilogy cataloguing the craggy road of the twentieth century.  Fall of Giants draws you onto the lives of five families that represent the key components of what was to become WWI.  As a master story teller, Ken uses historic fiction to give the reader an intimate view of the class struggle and the pompacity of wealth that ultimately caused the destruction of France, Germany and the Russian empire.  This is a well-researched, fast paced and exciting novel rivaling Follett's masterpieces, Pillars of the Earth and World without End.
B000KUD2G4|5.0|I use the Hum Destroyer throughout my recording system, to eliminate all RF as well as hum between electronic devices.  Behringer's HD is half the price of others and works perfectly.  Why spend more?  Delivery was perfect.  100% satisfied.
B005XOPEOU|4.0|How in the world can this ever, ever, live up to Viva La Vida?? I asked myself. I had a notion, before MX even came out, that Coldplay was going to throw the arrow short of the mark and I would be bitterly disappointed. Viva La Vida being my favorite Coldplay album in existence, I pondered how Coldplay could POSSIBLY get any better. As I saw it, the album showed Coldplay at the top of their game, and either MX would be a mindblowing experience or a crushing dissapointment.<br />First off, I was SO, SO wrong. It's not right to compare Mylo Xyloto to Viva. It's not right to compare Viva to Parachutes, because doing so is like comparing apples to oranges. Each album is different and special, so, therefore, yes, MX is no Viva La Vida. That doesn't mean not as good as, but just different. I waited over three years to get this album, and I'm not disapointed in it. It would be so easy to be disapointed. To say, this isn't nearly as good as Viva La Vida, because it's not LIKE Viva La Vida. Or to say that Coldplay should go back to the mellow vibe of Parachutes and their early material. Or I could just simply say that Chris Martin and the gang sold out, and should start touring on the Backstreet Boys/Justin Beiber circuit.<br />I won't. I can't. Because I liked this album. I really, really did. Although, there is now an empy space where Viva La Vida used to be,and a part of me that cries out for a sequel to my favorite song ever, Life in Technicolor, or for Violet Hill 2. But Codlplay have moved on, and even if I'll always be in love with Viva La Vida, and might always call it my favorite Coldplay album, I have to move on to.<br />I'm going to go through this album track by track. First off we have---<br />Mylo Xyloto(8/10) Cool opening track, kind of sets the vibe for the rest of the album. Like Life in Technicolor, just a short acoustic entrance that leads into...<br />Hurts Like Heaven(10/10)My 2nd favorite song on the album. Very upbeat, and you can't help but bob your head to it. At least I can't. The revolving theme is \\"you use your heart as a weapon, and it hurts like heaven\\", which might sound a little cheesy, but it's fun as hell to sing.  You can just feel the paranoia in this song, and the rebellion. But you'll be armed with a spray can soul, so everything's going to work out fine.<br />Paradise(8/10)This was supposed to be one of the big hits. A little repetitve, (she dreams of para-para-paradise) but strong overall, though for a single it doesn't measure up to Violet Hill, in my opinion.<br />Charlie Brown(10/10)AWESOME! Best song. Really rocking, should be a single. I want to jump up and down.<br />Us Against the World(9/10)Depressing, but in a...good way? Like The Scientist(damn it, stop comparing the albums!)I like it, slow and intimate.<br />MMIX(??) Accoustic interlude. Very soft. Leads to..<br />U.F.O(9/10)More depressing than Us against the world. I'm listening to it right now, trying to describe it. Short, and sadly hopeful.<br />Up in Flames(7/10) Not a favorite. Kind of drags on, and whines in my ears. Up in flaaaames, up in flaaaames, we have sloooowly goooone up in flaaaaames.<br />Major Minus(7/10) A least favorite again. A little repetitive. I liked the accoustic side though.<br />Hopeful Transmition(??)Interlude. Again. Grrr.<br />Don't Let it Break your heart(8/10)Love the guitar, but I don't feel that connected to the song somehow.<br />Up with the Birds(9/10) Spaced out. I like it. Starts out slow and builds.<br />Princess of China(10/10)My 3rd favorite. Some people hate it for Rhianna's voice, but I think she did a great job.<br />OVERALL(Wait, my lab mice are tallying. I must remember to buy them more cheese.)......<br />8.5 out of 1000, no, no! Idiot mice!<br /> 8.5 out of 10. Not bad. Not bad.<br />It grows. Like mold, it grows.I mean, like a pretty flower, it grows, don't I? I enjoy it for it being different, even if it gets swallowed in fame and littered with accusations of selling out. I miss VivaLa Vida, but one day I'll sigh and say I miss Mylo Xyloto. Good effort Coldplay, now where's LP 6?t Coldplay, now where's LP 6?
0062011847|4.0|Sam Vines is a city-born-and-bred copper (also Commander Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch, Sir Samuel the Duke of Ankh, and Blackboard Monitor Vimes) and he gets a bit panicky when Lady Sybil, his adored wife, insists he has to get out into the country for a holiday. And their son, Young Sam, is six now and needs to make the acquaintance of the large estate which he will one day inherit. Even Lord Vetinari the Patrician agrees, which leaves Vimes feeling a bit betrayed, but off they go. He's supposed to leave his job firmly behind, but that's not something he's quite capable of. And, as he knows well, any copper can find a crime anywhere if he looks hard enough.<br /><br />The Disc is a world of many sentient species and it's a mark of increasing civilization, I think, how many of those have now been incorporated into the everyday doings of society (and the City Watch itself). But it seems there's always a new group to be considered. And indeed, there is a hill on the Commander's country property that stands above a cave system inhabited by a colony of goblins -- who stink, steal chickens, have peculiar beliefs, and are nasty in a fight. Which is to say, they're pretty much like everyone else. However, goblins have historically been dismissed by all the Right People (and by those who kow-tow to them and believe they really are better than other people) as vermin, and so they've been hunted and killed out of hand. But Vimes is making discoveries about goblins that require adjustments in thinking. And so his poking about leads him to uncover a tobacco-smuggling operation -- but, as he himself says, little crimes lead to big crimes, and the smuggling leads to murder, and to slavery, and to what in our world would be called genocide. Pratchett is a small-R republican and doesn't have much use for the upper classes, which he makes very clear. (And three-quarters of the way into the story, it may finally dawn on you that the title of the book carries meaning on several levels.) But Pratchett also recognizes _real politik_. Commander Vimes, on the other hand, is very, very big on the Law, before whom no one is different from anyone else. Law is order and order is law and without order, he says, one second cannot follow another. And a policeman represents only the Law, not the people who appoint him and pay him.<br /><br />The characters, even the spear-carriers, are painted in at least six or seven dimensions, especially that of Sam Vimes, whom we've come to know well over the years, but also including young Chief Constable Feeney Upshot (who holds his rank by virtue of being the only copper in the valley, but who shows promise) and Willikins, Vimes's very lethal and very loyal gentleman's gentleman. Even Young Sam, a developing connoisseur of poo, is fast becoming a complete character. All in all, reading this book will make you, as it did me, as happy as Sam Vimes piloting a riverboat, which is to say, as happy as a cat full of sixpences.<br /><br />His fans know that Sir Terry is suffering from a form of early-onset Alzheimer's and there's a good deal of concern about how this might affect his writing. While we don't know, of course, what the future may hold, this latest book -- by my count, his 49th (or perhaps 50th) work of fiction -- is proof that the man still has it, in abundance.l levels.) But Pratchett also recognizes _real politik_. Commander Vimes, on the other hand, is very, very big on the Law, before whom no one is different from anyone else. Law is order and order is law and without order, he says, one second cannot follow another. And a policeman represents only the Law, not the people who appoint him and pay him.<br /><br />The characters, even the spear-carriers, are painted in at least six or seven dimensions, especially that of Sam Vimes, whom we've come to know well over the years, but also including young Chief Constable Feeney Upshot (who holds his rank by virtue of being the only copper in the valley, but who shows promise) and Willikins, Vimes's very lethal and very loyal gentleman's gentleman. Even Young Sam, a developing connoisseur of poo, is fast becoming a complete character. All in all, reading this book will make you, as it did me, as happy as Sam Vimes piloting a riverboat, which is to say, as happy as a cat full of sixpences.<br /><br />His fans know that Sir Terry is suffering from a form of early-onset Alzheimer's and there's a good deal of concern about how this might affect his writing. While we don't know, of course, what the future may hold, this latest book -- by my count, his 49th (or perhaps 50th) work of fiction -- is proof that the man still has it, in abundance.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Best phone game ever well worth the $2.99. Only downer is graphics look a little stretched. I prefer crisp zombies myself.  If only popcap would spend some of that proverbial fat cash and fix the graphics.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Love this game. My 7 year old is hooked as well. Easy to learn but difficult to master! Definitely worth 99 cents!
0545265355|5.0|I has not expecting such a GREAT trilogy.  I loved the 1st book, I FELL IN LOVE with the 2nd book, and the 3rd book was great. (I actually think I fell in love with Peeta.  If you are debating on getting it.... GET THE TRILOGY, VERY WORTH IT!!!
B0042MEQVG|5.0|I have the other dvds and I love to have another Twight movie to watch for years to come! Great service!  I love  Amazon!
B004PIKPTY|4.0|This headset is great. The sound is amazing when set up to run 5.1 surround sound. This headset is also very comfortable, the square shape on the earpieces fit around the ear with enough space for room. They may require a little pull to try and open the headset away from the jaw line because of pressure, but after that (I also have a big jaw line) I have had no problem. I've had several experiences where my Skype calls led me to believe that someone was in fact in the room. It would have received 5 stars from me, but the software provided by TTesports is not the best. You can avoid using their software, and I would recommend not using it, by only installing the windows suggested drivers.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie now a days stories like this don't come often anymore, it had humor,excitement,sadness and a great story line with unexpected events recommend this movie to watch for everyone!!!!
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|You know the recent episode of South Park about Tween music where Stan thinks everything sounds like s***, well I think Metallica took that as a blueprint and decided to make that record for real. This album does LITERALLY sound like that to me. For some reason I can't explain myself, I have forced myself to listen to it in it's entirety, but I am now not only deleting every trace of the files, but making sure I do a low level complete removal in case it somehow manages to reappear. The bright side is that it's so awful that the risk of accidentally hearing it play somewhere else is pretty slim as I can't imagine anyone purposely playing this record after word has gotten out how extraordinarily awful this is. Seriously, I think I may have permanent brain damage from listening to this. I wish there were a word stronger than the 7 words Carlin said we can't say. I think we need to invent something because that is how truly vile this record is. Even santorum is not strong enough to express just how bad this is. Look it up on Urban Dictionary if you don't know what that means.
B004RFYEEC|3.0|I just got the box in the mail, and haven't had an opportunity to listen to all of it. I did want to mention, however, that if you're buying this in part because of the vinyl pressing of the album, DON'T! It's a very noisy pressing - a lot of static, and pop and crackle. I have 30 and 40 year old used records that sound better than this. Capitol may have spent lavishly on the rest of the package, but they must've gone budget on the vinyl source. I'm very disappointed in that part of it. So if that's why you're getting the sessions box, I'd advise you to think twice. Maybe another company will issue a better pressing at some time in the future. For me it mars what otherwise looks to be a wonderful project.
B005G4TJI4|4.0|I am a HUGE fan of the Transformers movies, but I have to say that this is not the best of the series. As much as I am not a Megan Fox fan, they should have kept her. I also thought that the ending was a bit abrupt. Not really the way I would have ended the series. (to my knowledge, it was the last)
B005FVA63A|5.0|Even though I had a house payment due, a new washing machine to buy, and medical payments up to my eyebrows, I just had to buy this collection. I didn't really have the money but how could i live without a 460 dollar acting baby set. It's hard to put into words how much this means to me.....wow....
B004XZDT60|5.0|Awesome CD.  He's an amazing singer and even better songwriter.  There's one kinda weird song towards the middle (mentions a shrek dvd?) but the rest are soooo good.  Totally worth having it shipped across the pond!!!
0670022411|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  It was long, but I was never bored or tired of it even though I had to race through it to get it back to the library.  I was not at all upset by the ending, and I do hope there will be a sequel.
1400049628|5.0|Really funny. I love a good laugh and especially when it goes hand in hand with being useful. So now I'm ready. I have my shotgun and pitchfork and the barricades are prepared!
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I really love this DAC.  It is very light and one of the best parts is the almost completely black silence it can achieve.  I think I am going to buy a second one for my wife.
B003R0MEZ4|5.0|For those of us who love the TV show Criminal Minds, this is a great addition to our other seasons' sets.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great app, lots of fun and great level design. works great on both phone and tablet (xoom) , probably the best game out there. great job to the devs.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|This is so bad, I can't believe it's real. I mean.....it's BEYOND terrible!! I though St. Anger was bad, but that's Master of Puppets compared to this crap! I'm sure Dave Mustaine in thanking God right now that he was kicked out of this band 28 years ago. (Megadeth's new album kicks some serious a$$, BTW.) Lou and Metallica really need to stop. They all have officially overstayed their welcome. Should've retired gracefully when they still had SOME credibility.
1451626657|1.0|Really couldn't get into this book. I've tried a number of times to read it and sat down with the intention to force myself, managed to get 75% of the way through this time before giving up.
B000001DTM|5.0|When I started seeing ads for a 20th anniversary re-release of \\"Achtung Baby\\", I was inspired to write a review.  At the time this album came out, I was not a U2 fan.  I was wearing my flannel shirts and blasting \\"Nevermind\\" and \\"Ten\\" in my walkman.  I do remember seeing some of the videos (Mysterious Ways, Wild Horses, Fly), and one song stuck out to me......\\"One\\".  I loved this song for many years, but mostly ignored the album.  I purchased a used copy of this album in 2005 mostly for reminiscence sake.  But nearly 15 years after its release, I fell in love with this album.  I remembered the songs that I had heard in my youth, but there were several other hidden gems that had never graced my ears before.  This album is different from the opening track.  Where \\"Joshua Tree\\" was crisp, clean and polished, U2 decides to go another direction.  The very first riff of the album sounds dirty, muffled, and almost rustic.  It's like they decided to do the opposite of \\"JT\\".  But aside from the alternative production approach, the songs are great.  The first 8 tracks are fantastic, I can't skip any of them.  The album does taper of a little with the final two tracks, but they are still good.  This album is a departure for U2, but it is ambitious, well written and sounds way better than any rock album that was released around the time I bought it (2000-2010 the worst decade for rock music since its inception).  Unfortunately, U2 kind of flipped out and became irrelevant for the rest of the 90's with 2 terrible albums (Pop and Zooropa), but this is definitely an incredible album that still sounds great 20 years later.  Think about 1991:  \\"Achtung Baby\\", \\"Nevermind\\" and Pearl Jam's \\"Ten\\", what a great year for music.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Great game of course. I have spent lots of time enjoying the game play. Only thing that is needed is the zen garden and perhaps more mini games. Thanks and keep up the good work!
B003L77G6A|1.0|I have used Amazon for many many years (back when they only sold books).  I have ordered MANY MANY DVDs as well.  This is the FIRST time I have received something so FRUSTRATING I actually had to write my first review.  The disks themselves were fine. Quality is fine. Show is great and funny.  My problem is the \\"BOX\\". It was shipped in a stupid bag (international).  It was all beat up. The DVD case was very damaged. Inside was all cracked!!  I am very surprised the disks survived. They were the only things that did survive.  I have to buy new cases because the locking mechanism does not work (cause its broken).  So they just rattle around inside the box.  Very very disappointed (that is the safest word I can use on this public review).
0670022950|3.0|If I propose that the major problem with Steven Pinker's 800-page The Better Angels of Our Nature, which posits a decline in violence throughout human history and attempts to explain that decline, is that it's too long, it will at least make superficial sense. If, on the other hand, I propose that the book is too short, you'll probably give me a funny look. And if I propose that it's at once too long ~and~ too short, you can be forgiven for abandoning this review and moving on to another, briefer one. But that is just what I propose. The book is too long in the sense that it is frequently, excessively anecdotal, and that its sheer length allows it to acknowledge nuances in isolated instances while ignoring them in the construction of a larger argument. And it's too short in the sense that a truly detailed, thoughtful, and balanced consideration of the issues Pinker engages with would take up much more space. You could write an 800-page book on the topics of each of Pinker's eight major chapters, and the decision to compress it all into one volume, while it lends the book scope and a physical weight that implies the intellectual variety, means that the treatment of some topics is shallow. Ultimately, The Better Angels of Our Nature, though it assembles a great deal of striking information and is frequently thoughtful, is less an academic study than a polemic in favor of certain social, governmental, and intellectual principles. That Pinker's audience will already agree with most of these principles is but one of a number of odd things about his book.<br /><br />Pinker opens with a chapter in which he lays out anecdotes about violence throughout history, from evidence of murder in prehistoric corpses to a four-page account of the bloodiness of the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament to medieval knights through to portrayals domestic violence in mid-twentieth century culture. He presents this material as the equivalent of a scientist's \\"sanity check,\\" but the point of a sanity check is that it follows, and reinforces, the careful laying out of data; that's what makes it a check, not a preview. The lovingly laid out details of this chapter serve instead as an exciting introduction to what is, after all, a work of popular nonfiction. And, by inducing visceral discomfort, they can prejudice the reader toward the idea that the past was more brutal than the present. Pinker omits to discuss, here or elsewhere, the equally vivid horrors of poison gas, nuclear weapons, and anthrax. A certain reliance on the power of anecdote is inevitable in popular nonfiction, but Pinker often lets his gripping accounts outweigh attention to the niceties of historical data.<br /><br />The second chapter examines the first of six historical trends Pinker identifies as part of the decline of violence. This one, the pacification process, holds that prehistoric, non-state civilizations were phenomenally violent, and that the rise of the state, which (in Pinker's model) is disinterested and has nothing to gain from internal violence, caused a massive decline in violent death. Pinker presents a lot of data in support of this notion, and as laid out on his major chart they certainly seem convincing: the percentage of warfare deaths is much higher in the three nonstate sections than in the state section. The trouble is that each of those nonstate sections is different, and none of them provides a particularly good index of violence in prehistoric societies.<br /><br />The first set of data comes from prehistorical archaeological sites, ancient cemeteries, where scholars have examined skeletons in an attempt to identify the cause of death. This is a tricky process in and of itself, both in terms of the possibility of correctly evaluating very old bones and of the question of how representative are the cemeteries that happen to survive. But the bigger problem is that Pinker blithely throws together data spanning the entire planet over thousands of years, as though all \\"prehistoric\\" civilizations, whether located in Africa 12,000 years ago or North America 700 years ago, are basically the same. They do indeed have in common the absence of a modern state, but that's the very variable Pinker is arguing for the significance of; dismissing all other differences in data cannot prove anything about it. This problem extends to Pinker's other two sets of data, which come from fairly recent tribal societies. These societies, as the existence of contemporary anthropological information about them demonstrates, have interacted in various ways with the world that modern states have made, and therefore cannot be compared to ancient societies, unless one assumes that the presence or absence of a state structure is so significant that it leaves all other factors in the dust. One can decide to make that assumption, but it does cripple one's capacity to argue convincingly for the pacifying effect of states.<br /><br />The underlying issue here is our paucity of knowledge about the ancient world. It's difficult to make claims about ancient violence and for or against a pacification process with the evidence available thousands of years later. Pinker, never afraid to ridicule his opponents, suggests that arguments about the peacefulness of ancient societies are the product of \\"noble savage\\" stereotypes and leftist politics, and that only those whose position he agrees with have \\"no ax to grind.\\" One anthropologist still resistant to the notion that ancient civilizations were invariably warlike is R. Brian Ferguson, whose website includes a number of articles touching on contemporary debates about ancient war. Without endorsing Ferguson's arguments, which I haven't had the time to engage with, I commend his site to readers curious about those Pinker dismisses as the \\"Peace and Harmony Mafia,\\" and about the complex issues involved in taking ancient warfare seriously.<br /><br />Pinker's second trend is the civilizing process, in which the decline of murder rates from about 1300 CE to the present is attributed to people becoming more concerned with politeness, personal autonomy, and issues of hygiene. Although early homicide data are spotty in various ways, in this instance I'm willing to grant Pinker's contention that homicide has declined substantially. His explanation, however, remains troubling. We see here the first instance of a frequent habit of Pinker's: facile dismissal of potential causes that don't fit his preferences, coupled with rigorous analysis of those that do. One obvious question about terms of death rates in modernity is the influence of medicine: as it improved, were people less likely to die? Pinker's entire comment on the issue, not just for this chapter but for the entire book, is this: \\"doctors before the nineteenth century were quacks who killed as many patients as they saved.\\" This is true, if crudely expressed, but that pre-nineteenth medicine was bad does not prove that it was equally bad across all places and times, or that it could have had no influence on declining homicide rates. My point here is not that medicine would, on investigation, prove to have much or even any effect, only that Pinker's cavalier dismissal is fundamentally unacademic. He is, here and elsewhere, nearly as quick to dimiss explanations that touch on quality of life, noting only that a few basic indicators show no easy correlation. It's hard to escape the impression that Pinker prefers his evidence broad, so that it can be arranged into a graph with a clear downward slope over time. Such things are superficially convincing, but that doesn't make them accurate or complete explanations in and of themselves, and Pinker's occasional references to \\"the usual social science rat's nest of confounded variables\\" or \\"the usual spaghetti of variables\\" suggest a tendency toward scientism.<br /><br />An example may help clarify what I'm getting at with regard to facile consideration of unfavored explanations. Having, howevertenuously, proved his linkage by reference to homicide rates in Europe, Pinker then uses it to explain variations in the homicide rate in the United States. Higher rates in the south, we learn, have to do with a southern culture of honor that is less \\"civilized\\" than in the north. Economic factors, including the generally higher southern poverty rate, go unmentioned, and the lingering effect of racial tension is set aside because within-race violence is also higher there. In critiquing this, it's worth quoting from Pinker's commentary elsewhere in the chapter:<br /><br />\\"A third dubious belief about violence is that that lower-class people engage in it because they are financially needy (for example, stealing food to feed their children) or because they are expressing rage against society. The violence of a lower-class man may indeed express rage, but it is aimed not at society but at the [expletive deleted by review author] who scraped his car and dissed him in front of a crowd.\\"<br /><br />The first half of that description is a straw-man that mistakes an ethical thought experiment for an attempted description of reality; the second operates on the dubious assumption that people can identify accurately the sources of their violence. As anyone who has ever lashed out at the wrong person in frustration can attest, we don't always understand our anger or direct it well. Of course no one except a cunning liar says \\"I murdered that guy because of my rage at society,\\" but that doesn't mean poverty has no effect on the ease with which people resort to violence. Likewise, the fact that white people in the south shoot each other more often than they do in the north doesn't mean southern racial tensions didn't contribute to their propensity for intraracial violence.<br /><br />I'm not trying to propose poverty and racial tension as a complete explanation for higher southern homicide rates. The correlation between poverty and homicide at the state level isn't perfect, for one thing. Pinker's observations about a culture of honor are interesting and have a degree of obvious validity. What I want to suggest is that poverty, racial tension, and honor interact, and that it would take very close, perhaps impossibly close, analysis to disentangle them and identify some as more prominent than others. When Pinker does so, he is less arguing from unambiguous data and more leaning toward explanations that appeal to him. It is not for nothing that the least violent, most \\"civilized\\" people in Pinker's model are middle-class or above liberals in the northern US and western Europe: in other words, people very like him.<br /><br />The fourth chapter, on \\"The Humanitarian Revolution,\\" tracks the decline of inhumane forms of violence such as human sacrifice, cruel and unusual punishment, capital punishment, and slavery, crediting it to something Pinker calls \\"Enlightenment humanism.\\" This amorphous ideology, which Pinker credits to a range of rather diverse thinkers, is one of the heroes of his history. But Pinker tends to reduce this Enlightenment humanism to a few basic values-- empathy, liberty, rationality-- which allows him to treat its failures as the fault of people who weren't enlightenedly-humanist enough, rather than as limitations, however minor, in the ideology itself. Failures of non-Enlightenment ideologies, granted no such respite, spell doom for those ideologies. This sense that his own ideology can never fail, but can only be failed, is itself a hallmark of extremism. I'm a fan of the same broad value that Pinker endorses-- most readers will be-- but I'm not entirely comfortable with the way he praises them. One of the odd omissions in this frequently exhaustive book is any discussion of colonial violence; it's only mentioned when Pinker announces its end in the modern era. That the excesses of colonialism occurred in the same general period that Europeans were allegedly becoming more civilized and humanitarian might seem worth exploring in detail, but apparently not.<br /><br />In any case, Pinker ties the spread of Enlightenment humanism to the rise of book publishing and the republic of letters, on the theory that greater exposure to liberal ideas and to humanizing portrayals of other types of people reduced the human appetite and increased the human revulsion for violence. It's a lovely theory, and you certainly won't hear me arguing that literary culture and literacy are bad things. But Pinker has no way to prove that large numbers of people were influenced by the explosion of literature. The most he can do is point to rising literacy as evidenced by people's capacity to sign their own names on official documents. But to demonstrate that more people signed their names is not to demonstrate that they were literate enough to read, that they had the time to read, that they did read if they had the time, that they read the \\"right\\" sort of thing if they did read, or that they took the \\"right\\" lessons when they did read the \\"right\\" things. To expand on those final points: even if one grants that people did read more and that this had a role in the decline of violence, it's not necessarily the case that it was because people became more humanist. One can just as easily speculate that books were simply quenching the appetite for entertainment in general, and images of violence in particular, that public spectacles of violent punishment had previously satisfied. Whether that explanation or Pinker's is more convincing to a given reader has, again, less to do with concrete evidence, which is thin on the ground, and more to do with beliefs and assumptions about human behavior and human nature.<br /><br />Chapter 5 covers \\"The Long Peace,\\" the extended period without war among major powers in the latter half of the 20th century. Before he can get to that, however, Pinker has to deal with the little bump in the road known as the First and Second World Wars. To do so, he abruptly abandons the rhetoric of continuous decline and the indifference to historical contingency that characterize the rest of the book in favor of a number of interesting but not terribly revealing statistical analyses and a transparently thin attempt to credit World War I to Gavrilo Princip and World War II to Adolf Hitler. The latter argument, while arresting to those familiar with the common historical narrative of the second war as among many other things an outcome of the harsh resolution to the first, is perhaps inevitable for Pinker, since it neatly obscures certain possible readings (economic disaster as a source of increased violence, an enlightened state's decline into the horrific) that would run counter to his own thesis. But it's not only by treating this violence, and only this violence, as a statistical fluke that Pinker explains away the 20th century. He also offers a chart listing 21 outbreaks of mass violence, of which the Second World War, while the worst in raw numbers, is only the ninth by rate. This is a very odd chart. It mixes wars that lasted a few years with historical processes, not always of intentional violence, that sometimes lasted decades or centuries. Ought we really be comforted that the Atlantic slave trade, which spanned four hundred years, was proportionally a bit less than twice as violent as the six year Second World War? And isn't the 20th-century capacity to accept massive numbers of deaths troubling, even if those deaths were, as a percentage, less numerous than in a (spottily recorded, not that Pinker mentions it) Chinese rebellion from the 8th century CE? Can human nature really be that statistically alert?<br /><br />Turning to the Long Peace, one finds Pinker emphasizing a few carefully-selected zero statistics to argue that war has seen a significant decline in the last sixty years or so. When separated from his general glow of optimism, what the data suggest is that the massive social and political upheavals of the early 20th century have alteredthe course of war in important ways, but that the process of change is still ongoing and too much emphasis on a trend that while unprecedented is not shockingly so is dangerously premature. That wars between great powers have essentially stopped is certainly cause for celebration, but Pinker is inattentive to the possibility that this is because war, like so many other things, has been outsourced, moving in complicated ways to smaller states are no longer colonies but remain under the influence of greater powers. It's good, in a sense, that these exported wars are less deadly than those in which great powers are on both sides, but an unintended and unpleasant consequence of Pinker's emphasis here is an implication that smaller, poorer countries will always be at war, at least until they learn their lesson and become civilized like us.  That our \\"civilized\\" nature might be built in various ways on their suffering does not trouble his mind. The earlier failure to discuss colonialism plays no small part here.<br /><br />If the Long Peace was rather too short to be getting excited about, the New Peace of the 21st century, described in Chapter 6, is comically small. At one point the reader is invited to take it as a meaningful sign that there has been nothing like the Rwanda genocide in the seventeen years since it occurred. The extraordinary mass murders of the 20th century are once again reduced to the actions of individuals-- Hitler, Stalin, Mao-- as though these men and their violent ideologies simply acquired power by some dark magic rather than rising due to historical processes that might say something about the history of violence. Elsewhere in the chapter, however, are valuable discussions that put contemporary Islamic terrorism and associated nuclear fears in their appropriate context, acknowledging that terrorism by its nature causes disproportionate fear and can indeed create an inaccurate impression of a very violent world. As has become obvious, I disagree with much of what Pinker has to say, but the general point that people in the United States and Western Europe are remarkably and blessedly free of violence, and ought to acknowledge that as much as possible, is hard for me to argue with.<br /><br />Pinker's final historical chapter deals with the rights revolutions, the post-World War II rise in respect for the humanity of women, racial and ethnic minorities, children, homosexuals, and even animals. Like the Long Peace, I think this is a more precarious development than Pinker allows for, but it's still a remarkable achievement. I wish, though, that Pinker's explanation of it put less emphasis on Enlightenment humanism (finally, centuries after its rise, getting around to applying itself to people other than heterosexual white males) and the rise of democratic states and more on the not inconsiderable role of human beings, not all of whose ideologies fit even his nebulous notion of Enlightenment humanism. Obviously there's some circularity here-- the state grants certain rights, people are free to position it to grant more-- but focusing too much on the benevolence of democratic states and their political and intellectual elites blurs their capacity for oppression. I also find it strange that Pinker, not content simply to observe that outright violence against these groups has declined, feels it necessary to argue that the larger categories of racism and sexism have declined, especially as he supports the contention very poorly. The only evidence he cites is agreement with a few generic statements of egalitarianism and tolerance in public opinion polls, hardly the sort of thing that scholars who argue for enduring effects of racism and sexism (scholars Pinker once again caricatures and dismisses) have in mind. There are times when Pinker's optimism reaches ludicrous proportions.<br /><br />With these historical arguments out of the way, Pinker turns toward scientific explanation of factors that mitigate for and against violence in humans. Reviewers of The Better Angels of Our Nature have tended to give this material short shrift in comparison to the historical chapters, and I'm afraid I'll be following that trend. In part this is because, as a general statement of philosophy, Pinker's outline is hard to argue with. Predation, dominance, revenge, sadism, and ideology do tend to contribute to violence, and empathy, self-control, morality, and reason do tend to act against it, though as Pinker acknowledges many of the positive forces have their dark sides and all interact in complicated ways.  Some of the studies he mentions are particularly suggestive about the influence of tribalism, conformity, and ideology. Where I am less inclined to agree with Pinker is in his attribution of these forces to evolution. Pinker is, of course, a proponent of evolutionary psychology, a way of explaining human behavior that has much popular cachet at the moment, not least because two of the most visible popular scientists (Richard Dawkins and Pinker himself) support it, and the popular scientist who most notably opposed it (Stephen Jay Gould) died a decade ago. I'm not well read enough on the subject to want to venture strong opinions, but it does seem to me that throughout these chapters Pinker makes dubious assumptions about the possibility of generalizing from certain (fascinating) psychological experiments to wider universals of behavior. Such actions and biological processes as can be tested in an experimental setting are not guaranteed to be relevant in very different real-life situations that are comparable only according to a particular subjective model, and it's more or less impossible to prove that those actions and processes are inherited rather than learned in the astonishingly complex process of early childhood development.  This observation reflects back on Pinker's treatment of history, in which correlation and causation are sometimes blurred by the fact that we only have one increasingly interconnected world history from which to draw, hardly an ideal set of evidence for scientific analysis.) But as I say, I am no expert, and in any case the debate about evolutionary psychology is, perhaps surprisingly, of limited relevance to this book, which is more about socially-driven changes in behavior than about anything Pinker attributes to evolution.<br /><br />In such a long book, there are many topics of discussion on which I cannot touch in a brief review, so I've tried as best I can to extract and treat his major arguments. But this process inevitably reduces a complex set of facts and interpretations, and I do want to note that there are many smaller facets of the book, both praiseworthy and less so, that I haven't mentioned. Just as no book can do justice to all the issues Pinker addresses, no review of traditional length can do justice to the book, and those who want to feel confident in their evaluation ought to set aside a few weeks to read it themselves. Caveat over. Before examining the wider purpose and effect of The Better Angels of Our Nature by way of summation, I'd like to offer a few scattered instances of outright strangeness in Pinker's argument and treatment of data, not because they're representative (they're not) but because they may provide a different sort of support for the skepticism I've applied to some of his larger arguments. In discussing an alleged decline in veneration of the military, he writes, \\"Military men are inconspicuous in public life, with drab uniforms and little prestige among the hoi polloi.\\" I can only assume he's never attended a Fourth of July parade or even seen a dress uniform. He manages to garble a bland notice on a Sesame Steet DVD set to the effect that early episodes \\"may not meet the needs of today's pre-school child\\" into a warning label that the DVDs are \\"not suitable for children.\\" Responding to the argument that the \\"best and the brighest\\" increased US involvement in Vietnam-- an argumentthat, he fails to mention, overlaps nicely with his own observation that people who regard themselves as above-average are often more likely to make mistakes-- he correlates battle deaths in war against estimates of presidential IQ. Jesus and Isaiah are described as \\"Western thinkers.\\"<br /><br />Perhaps the crowning quirk of his presentation is the habit of behaving as though the values he defends are under all-out attack. \\"Today the Enlightenment is often mentioned with a sneer.\\" \\"Reason appears to have fallen on hard times.\\" Generally his evidence for these contentions is a few scattered citations, swallows that are evidently meant to add up to a summer. But absolute critiques of rationality, humanism, and the ideals of liberal democracy are actually thin on the ground; the swathes of enemies Pinker vilifies are generally arguing that these values have certain limitations, some of them tied to the sources of human fallibility Pinker has himself dealt with, not that they are worthless. Although Pinker's data are, despite their limitations, often intriguing, his general conclusion-- that in a great number of ways the citizens of contemporary liberal democracies are much better off than those in contemporary autocracies and the entire population of the past-- is a monument to the obvious, and his arguments are less new ideas than old ones given a thin scientific gloss. People who bemoan modern violence are in most cases nostalgic not for hunter-gatherer days, the Spanish Inquisition, or contemporary North Korea, but for their own childhoods, when the world seemed less violent because they were less aware of it. Issuing a corrective to that nostalgia is valuable, but Pinker's explanations of the present reality, ignoring or downplaying as they do many complicating factors, add little to our understanding of violence and say virtually nothing about how further reductions might be achieved. To the extent that he offers an argument, it's supportive of more liberty, more technology, more prosperity, and more interconnection-- a commendable set of suggestions in the abstract, but how are they to be achieved? Getting into that discussion would involve addressing the possibility that contemporary US and European democracy, non-violence, and economic stability are built on autocracy, violence, and poverty elsewhere in the world. And that, for a writer who regards the present American system and his own socio-economic class as, despite a few quirks, essentially ideal, is simply untenable.number of interesting but not terribly revealing statistical analyses and a transparently thin attempt to credit World War I to Gavrilo Princip and World War II to Adolf Hitler. The latter argument, while arresting to those familiar with the common historical narrative of the second war as among many other things an outcome of the harsh resolution to the first, is perhaps inevitable for Pinker, since it neatly obscures certain possible readings (economic disaster as a source of increased violence, an enlightened state's decline into the horrific) that would run counter to his own thesis. But it's not only by treating this violence, and only this violence, as a statistical fluke that Pinker explains away the 20th century. He also offers a chart listing 21 outbreaks of mass violence, of which the Second World War, while the worst in raw numbers, is only the ninth by rate. This is a very odd chart. It mixes wars that lasted a few years with historical processes, not always of intentional violence, that sometimes lasted decades or centuries. Ought we really be comforted that the Atlantic slave trade, which spanned four hundred years, was proportionally a bit less than twice as violent as the six year Second World War? And isn't the 20th-century capacity to accept massive numbers of deaths troubling, even if those deaths were, as a percentage, less numerous than in a (spottily recorded, not that Pinker mentions it) Chinese rebellion from the 8th century CE? Can human nature really be that statistically alert?  Turning to the Long Peace, one finds Pinker emphasizing a few carefully-selected zero statistics to argue that war has seen a significant decline in the last sixty years or so. When separated from his general glow of optimism, what the data suggest is that the massive social and political upheavals of the early 20th century have altered the course of war in important ways, but that the process of change is still ongoing and too much emphasis on a trend that whileunprecedented is not shockingly so is dangerously premature. That wars between great powers have essentially stopped is certainly cause for celebration, but Pinker is inattentive to the possibility that this is because war, like so many other things, has been outsourced, moving in complicated ways to smaller states are no longer colonies but remain under the influence of greater powers. It's good, in a sense, that these exported wars are less deadly than those in which great powers are on both sides, but an unintended and unpleasant consequence of Pinker's emphasis here is an implication that smaller, poorer countries will always be at war, at least until they learn their lesson and become civilized like us.  That our \\"civilized\\" nature might be built in various ways on their suffering does not trouble his mind. The earlier failure to discuss colonialism plays no small part here.  If the Long Peace was rather too short to be getting excited about, the New Peace of the 21st century, described in Chapter 6, is comically small. At one point the reader is invited to take it as a meaningful sign that there has been nothing like the Rwanda genocide in the seventeen years since it occurred. The extraordinary mass murders of the 20th century are once again reduced to the actions of individuals-- Hitler, Stalin, Mao-- as though these men and their violent ideologies simply acquired power by some dark magic rather than rising due to historical processes that might say something about the history of violence. Elsewhere in the chapter, however, are valuable discussions that put contemporary Islamic terrorism and associated nuclear fears in their appropriate context, acknowledging that terrorism by its nature causes disproportionate fear and can indeed create an inaccurate impression of a very violent world. As has become obvious, I disagree with much of what Pinker has to say, but the general point that people in the United States and Western Europe are remarkably and blessedlyfree of violence, and ought to acknowledge that as much as possible, is hard for me to argue with.  Pinker's final historical chapter deals with the rights revolutions, the post-World War II rise in respect for the humanity of women, racial and ethnic minorities, children, homosexuals, and even animals. Like the Long Peace, I think this is a more precarious development than Pinker allows for, but it's still a remarkable achievement. I wish, though, that Pinker's explanation of it put less emphasis on Enlightenment humanism (finally, centuries after its rise, getting around to applying itself to people other than heterosexual white males) and the rise of democratic states and more on the not inconsiderable role of human beings, not all of whose ideologies fit even his nebulous notion of Enlightenment humanism. Obviously there's some circularity here-- the state grants certain rights, people are free to position it to grant more-- but focusing too much on the benevolence of democratic states and their political and intellectual elites blurs their capacity for oppression. I also find it strange that Pinker, not content simply to observe that outright violence against these groups has declined, feels it necessary to argue that the larger categories of racism and sexism have declined, especially as he supports the contention very poorly. The only evidence he cites is agreement with a few generic statements of egalitarianism and tolerance in public opinion polls, hardly the sort of thing that scholars who argue for enduring effects of racism and sexism (scholars Pinker once again caricatures and dismisses) have in mind. There are times when Pinker's optimism reaches ludicrous proportions.  With these historical arguments out of the way, Pinker turns toward scientific explanation of factors that mitigate for and against violence in humans. Reviewers of The Better Angels of Our Nature have tended to give this material short shrift in comparison to the historical chapters,and I'm afraid I'll be following that trend. In part this is because, as a general statement of philosophy, Pinker's outline is hard to argue with. Predation, dominance, revenge, sadism, and ideology do tend to contribute to violence, and empathy, self-control, morality, and reason do tend to act against it, though as Pinker acknowledges many of the positive forces have their dark sides and all interact in complicated ways.  Some of the studies he mentions are particularly suggestive about the influence of tribalism, conformity, and ideology. Where I am less inclined to agree with Pinker is in his attribution of these forces to evolution. Pinker is, of course, a proponent of evolutionary psychology, a way of explaining human behavior that has much popular cachet at the moment, not least because two of the most visible popular scientists (Richard Dawkins and Pinker himself) support it, and the popular scientist who most notably opposed it (Stephen Jay Gould) died a decade ago. I'm not well read enough on the subject to want to venture strong opinions, but it does seem to me that throughout these chapters Pinker makes dubious assumptions about the possibility of generalizing from certain (fascinating) psychological experiments to wider universals of behavior. Such actions and biological processes as can be tested in an experimental setting are not guaranteed to be relevant in very different real-life situations that are comparable only according to a particular subjective model, and it's more or less impossible to prove that those actions and processes are inherited rather than learned in the astonishingly complex process of early childhood development.  This observation reflects back on Pinker's treatment of history, in which correlation and causation are sometimes blurred by the fact that we only have one increasingly interconnected world history from which to draw, hardly an ideal set of evidence for scientific analysis.) But as I say, I am no expert, and in any case the debate about evolutionary psychology is, perhaps surprisingly, of limited relevance to this book, which is more about socially-driven changes in behavior than about anything Pinker attributes to evolution.  In such a long book, there are many topics of discussion on which I cannot touch in a brief review, so I've tried as best I can to extract and treat his major arguments. But this process inevitably reduces a complex set of facts and interpretations, and I do want to note that there are many smaller facets of the book, both praiseworthy and less so, that I haven't mentioned. Just as no book can do justice to all the issues Pinker addresses, no review of traditional length can do justice to the book, and those who want to feel confident in their evaluation ought to set aside a few weeks to read it themselves. Caveat over. Before examining the wider purpose and effect of The Better Angels of Our Nature by way of summation, I'd like to offer a few scattered instances of outright strangeness in Pinker's argument and treatment of data, not because they're representative (they're not) but because they may provide a different sort of support for the skepticism I've applied to some of his larger arguments. In discussing an alleged decline in veneration of the military, he writes, \\"Military men are inconspicuous in public life, with drab uniforms and little prestige among the hoi polloi.\\" I can only assume he's never attended a Fourth of July parade or even seen a dress uniform. He manages to garble a bland notice on a Sesame Steet DVD set to the effect that early episodes \\"may not meet the needs of today's pre-school child\\" into a warning label that the DVDs are \\"not suitable for children.\\" Responding to the argument that the \\"best and the brighest\\" increased US involvement in Vietnam-- an argument that, he fails to mention, overlaps nicely with his own observation that people who regard themselves as above-average are often more likely to make mistakes-- he correlates battle deaths in war against estimates of presidential IQ. Jesus and Isaiah are described as \\"Western thinkers.\\"   Perhaps the crowning quirk of his presentation is the habit of behaving as though the values he defends are under all-out attack. \\"Today the Enlightenment is often mentioned with a sneer.\\" \\"Reason appears to have fallen on hard times.\\" Generally his evidence for these contentions is a few scattered citations, swallows that are evidently meant to add up to a summer. But absolute critiques of rationality, humanism, and the ideals of liberal democracy are actually thin on the ground; the swathes of enemies Pinker vilifies are generally arguing that these values have certain limitations, some of them tied to the sources of human fallibility Pinker has himself dealt with, not that they are worthless. Although Pinker's data are, despite their limitations, often intriguing, his general conclusion-- that in a great number of ways the citizens of contemporary liberal democracies are much better off than those in contemporary autocracies and the entire population of the past-- is a monument to the obvious, and his arguments are less new ideas than old ones given a thin scientific gloss. People who bemoan modern violence are in most cases nostalgic not for hunter-gatherer days, the Spanish Inquisition, or contemporary North Korea, but for their own childhoods, when the world seemed less violent because they were less aware of it. Issuing a corrective to that nostalgia is valuable, but Pinker's explanations of the present reality, ignoring or downplaying as they do many complicating factors, add little to our understanding of violence and say virtually nothing about how further reductions might be achieved. To the extent that he offers an argument, it's supportive of more liberty, more technology, more prosperity, and more interconnection-- a commendable set of suggestions in the abstract, but how are they to be achieved? Getting into that discussion would involve addressing the possibility that contemporary US and European democracy, non-violence, and economic stability are built on autocracy, violence, and poverty elsewhere in the world. And that, for a writer who regards the present American system and his own socio-economic class as, despite a few quirks, essentially ideal, is simply untenable.
0061743526|5.0|One of those classic pieces of literature that I just finally got around to reading, `To Kill a Mockingbird' is everything people say it is and more.  Yes, hype and praise and accolades and, well, the undying respect for this novel is more than well deserved.  I'm just ashamed that it has taken me this long to finally read it.  Harper Lee's highly recognizable story is one that completely grabs you from its opening and keeps you in its grasp until the very end.  This is coming from someone who has seen the movie multiple times and has even seen it performed in live theater.  I know this story inside and out and I was STILL completely engulfed in the novel; every sentence strung along to perfection.<br /><br />The prose may seem rather simple on the outset, but it is the morality play between the lines that really ignites this fantastic slice of American literature.<br /><br />`To Kill a Mockingbird' tells the story of Scout Finch.  Scout is a precocious little girl with a big heart and a big imagination.  She lives with her father, an older lawyer named Atticus, and her older brother Jem.  Living in Maycomb, Alabama during the 30's, Scout and her family saw their fair share of injustice, especially when race was concerned.  Atticus was a fair man, and he was determined to keep his children noble and moral individuals.  He encouraged diversity and refused to allow his children to express any form or prejudice, whether it be racial or social.  The story basically revolves around two specific events, or circumstances.  The most notable would be the trial of a black man accused of raping a white woman.  Atticus is appointed as the young man's lawyer, and it is apparent to most that the man is innocent.  The second, and possibly the most powerful, is that concerning a man by the name of Arthur Radley.  Arthur, known as Boo by the neighborhood children, is a recluse who is never seen, but who has been immortalized by the stories, rumors, that have been concocted by the children in order to insight terror into the hearts of others.  The children make attempts at trespassing onto his property for the mere thrill of it, concluding that Boo is either savagely crazed or bitterly abused; or both.  Throughout the story, while focus lay heavily on the trial, one's attention is brought to that of Arthur Radley quite often, as small details about his true persona are revealed gradually, until the dramatic conclusion.<br /><br />`To Kill a Mockingbird' is a flawless essay on the power of racism and the strength it takes to combat it.  As shown by Lee's impeccably detailed story, prejudice is never limited and it is a fault that many, possibly all, can become caught up in without even being aware.  Injustice is unavoidable in this world because selfishness is far from being rooted out of man, but through the eyes of a child, Lee was able to bring these matters to a light that is alarming and effectively moving.<br /><br />Key to the novel's success is the way in which it is richly detailed.  Each character feels real and authentic, and their actions are all mapped out with precise motivations and consequences.  You can feel as though you know these people inside and out; and yet Lee never writes in a way that feels wordy or `heavy'.  The pages blow by as one becomes engulfed in every word, and it takes great skill to make something so emotionally weighty feel so light.<br /><br />At the end of the day, most of us know that racism is wrong.  What Harper Lee addresses is far deeper than that though.  Lee brilliantly uses the voice of a child, the voice of innocence, to expose the preposterous attitudes that surround racism.  Lee shines a light on the childish nature of racism and the illogical stance many made in its defense.<br /><br />So, not only is racism wrong, but it's also very stupid.nsight terror into the hearts of others.  The children make attempts at trespassing onto his property for the mere thrill of it, concluding that Boo is either savagely crazed or bitterly abused; or both.  Throughout the story, while focus lay heavily on the trial, one's attention is brought to that of Arthur Radley quite often, as small details about his true persona are revealed gradually, until the dramatic conclusion.  `To Kill a Mockingbird' is a flawless essay on the power of racism and the strength it takes to combat it.  As shown by Lee's impeccably detailed story, prejudice is never limited and it is a fault that many, possibly all, can become caught up in without even being aware.  Injustice is unavoidable in this world because selfishness is far from being rooted out of man, but through the eyes of a child, Lee was able to bring these matters to a light that is alarming and effectively moving.  Key to the novel's success is the way in which it is richly detailed.  Each character feels real and authentic, and their actions are all mapped out with precise motivations and consequences.  You can feel as though you know these people inside and out; and yet Lee never writes in a way that feels wordy or `heavy'.  The pages blow by as one becomes engulfed in every word, and it takes great skill to make something so emotionally weighty feel so light.  At the end of the day, most of us know that racism is wrong.  What Harper Lee addresses is far deeper than that though.  Lee brilliantly uses the voice of a child, the voice of innocence, to expose the preposterous attitudes that surround racism.  Lee shines a light on the childish nature of racism and the illogical stance many made in its defense.    So, not only is racism wrong, but it's also very stupid.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have not used any other Android weather apps and I doubt I will. This app fits my weather needs perfectly.  It works fine on my Flytouch 2.2 tablet although it loads rather slow. It works fine and loads very fast on my  Droid Bionic.  I do not hesitate to recommend it!
B004LROUNG|2.0|I have been reading John Grisham for years now, since some of his earliest works, waiting eagerly for each new one to arrive. This one caught me by surprise, however, as son as I saw it out I immediately bought it.  This is the point in most reviews where I'm supposed to give you a summary of the book, possibly including spoilers that I didn't flag, showing what an amazingly attentive reader & writer I am. Sorry, but I'm not that kind of reviewer! If you want a synopsis - read the description on the product page. If you want spoilers, read someone else's reviews.  Overall, the book was fairly good. It was clearly a John Grisham book, it just wasn't his BEST book. It certainly was not The Rainmaker or The Firm. The best description I can give it is that it was OK.  The first 1/2 of the book was actually pretty slow. There were a number of times that I actually stopped reading it and switched my Kindle over to something else to give myself a break, then came back to it after clearing my mind, it was that slow and dry. The point of view changed, frequently and without warning. I often found myself going back a few paragraphs and re-reading once I had realized that the POV had shifted, because I found myself lost and wondering what had happened.  The 2nd half of the book finally picks up steam, but by then it is really too late. The story is interesting, but mostly comes across as a general rant against the mass tort law system combined with thinly veiled mocking of the Federal court system. The \\"heroes\\" of the story (with the exception of young David Zinc) are, quite frankly, despicable individuals that fit the stereotype of scumbag lawyers. I am used to feeling sympathy or even falling in love with John Grisham's characters, but in this case the closest emotion I could describe having was disgust.  Finally, the ending was lackluster. I had basically figured it out about 2/3 of the way through the book based on all the \\"clues\\" that were dropped. Instead of a feeling ofsurprise or amazement at the end (which I have felt in the past with his books) about the only thing I felt at the end of this book was a general sense of \\"Finally I'm done.\\"  Unless you are a huge, die-hard John Grisham fan, you should probably avoid this one or just wait for the bargain rack sale. It's definitely not work paying full price for.  Bob Parker  TwoReviewGuys.com
B004HS1L9U|4.0|Slavomir Rawicz portrays a monumental struggle of endurance that occurred in his life in vivid detail. In 1939, Rawicz, who at that time was a Polish lieutenant in the calvary, was arrested by the Soviet secret police, the NKVD. He was falsely accused of spying, a crime he did not commit. In reality, the protagonist was arrested because of the Soviet government's blatant prejudice against the Polish people. Torn from his wife for the rest of eternity, Rawicz engaged in a yearlong battle of wills against the NKVD. He was tortured, beaten, and deprived of sleep, Yet he resisted confessing to the allegations against him, for he knew that confessing to spying would in certain execution. Eventually, Slavomir Rawicz was transferred to the feared Lubyanka Prison where he was convicted to 25 years of labor in a gulag name Camp 303. The journey to the gulag in Siberia was filled with death and despair. However, he was inspired to escape his conditions, and he endured an even longer journey. With the help of six fellow prisoners, Rawicz escaped. His party trekked for over 4,000 miles across frigid tundra in Siberia, across the scorched desert of the Gobi, and across the treacherous mountains of the Himalayes. This book truly exemplifies a \\"mission-impossible\\" of endurance. However, although this is a great tale of enduring a great struggle until its completion, one should examine some of the details of the Long Walk with prudence. For example, in the Long Walk, Rawicz claims he saw a yeti in the Himalayes. In fact, the legend of the yeti was the main reason why Ronald Donald volunteered to ghostwrite Rawicz's work.  Rawicz wanted to share a story of endurance against communism. Even if some details, such sightings of yeti, are ludicrous, he accomplished his goal of portraying his true struggle. This book must be read and read again because it tells the story of one of modern history's most epic adventures.
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|This movie will always have a wonderful place in my heart.  My parents took me to see it with one of my friends for my 16th birthday at the Lowes movie theater in Washington, DC.  This was when theaters were really decked out!  I loved the movie then, I love it now.  I love Audrey Hepburn as Eliza.  Don't get me wrong, I like Julie Andrews, but my memory of her is \\"Sound of Music\\" and \\"Mary Poppins\\", just as Natalie Wood is \\"West Side Story\\" (and Marnie dubbed her voice as well) and Deborah Kerr is \\"The King and I\\".  Strickly a personal thing.  Enjoy the movie for what it is, a wonderful collaboration of talent!
0441013597|5.0|This book is one of my all time favorites. While the Lord of the Rings trilogy stands out as the best fantasy novel, I view Dune as the best science fiction novel. I am an avid reader and when I find authors I love, I devour everything the write. The first Dune book is the best in the series, but I liked the first three books. I made the mistake of watching the movie Dune (the version with Sting in it) before reading the book, and I hated the movie, which caused me to avoid the book for several years. Finally, a friend of mine who had read the book strongly recommended I read it anyway and I broke down and picked up the book at a library. It drew me in so quickly, I bought it and have read it several times since. I love the intrigues between the royal houses, the devious manipulations and scheming (breeding programs, power, control of spice, Arrakis/Dune and space travel) which extends even to the planting of religious seeds into undeveloped civilizations so that a reverend mother would be recognized and embraced by these civilizations generations down the road. The political and religious themes are woven powerfully through the plot. I cannot recommend this book strongly enough.
B004ZRV3AU|5.0|Love it - cuts clean if you use it the way you are suppose to. Got the purchase very quick. You much watch the video on you tube first before you try it - go the Generation Green (g2) Bottle Cutter  video and you will never have any problems with the cutter works perfect ever time. Again, I love it and would recommend to a friend.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Couldn't put these books down.  Read all three in less than two days they were that addictive.  Very good reads, highly recommend to anyone.
0451169514|5.0|This was the book that pushed me to become such a great fan of Stephen King. At the time, I wasn't much of a fan of horror writing but Stephen King knows how to tell a story unlike anyone else. Since reading most of his books since then and becoming a great fan of his writing, I still find this book to be one of his best.<br />The story has well developed characters, a great plot and the pacing was terrific. I suggest this book among all of his writing as one of his finest.
B003B02O0U|4.0|I still think that among all of his books and \\"turned into a movie\\", Grisham's \\"A Time to Kill\\" is his best written book, and the movie is the most successful one.
B001HN6922|3.0|Took my three year old son to the movies to see this one. It was his first time at a movie theater and wanted to leave half way through. I think he liked the first one better. Cars 2 is pretty much a spy movie and I feel like it's not a movie for a young child. I feel like it is too violent. They have bombs strapped to mater, the cars are shooting at each other and say lines like, I'm gonna kill McQueen at the finish line. I won't be buying is DVD for my son. Surprised at Disney that they would come out with a violent movie.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Read all three books in less than two days.  Book one and two were my favorite by far.  They keep you trapped in the book for the entire series.  Highly Recommend to anyone!
B0050PYNP8|5.0|Great, fast service just as promised and CD is as promised in the description and very gently used, and arrived very quickly.
1451629184|5.0|Excellent.  Cannt say I enjoyed reading this horror story, but Jacee's courage and determination shines through.  What a wonderfully strong woman.  How proud I am to see how she has survived this ordeal to come shineing through.
0529064847|3.0|Bibles were what I needed, but I failed to check out enough before purchase.  It would have been a better aid for teaching if there were some type of page markings on edge of sheets, marking each book in the bible, which make it easier to show and direct to specific reading.  Foot notes are help full.  Quality is very good.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|Wonderful series of books.  LOVED book one and two much more.  Three was very fast paced, but it seemed almost rushed and chopped.  Too short for the amount of things that happen in this book.  Did not like the ending, but that is my own personal opinion.  LOVED the books though.  Would recommend
0385534639|5.0|It's hard for me to pinpoint exactly why I like some novels. Subject matter I'm interested in helps, and good writing certainly helps. I'm not particulaly fond of \\"the circus\\" so I guess one reason I liked \\"The Night Circus\\" is due to the writing -- the author's style and consistency; the way she makes the impossible seem so conceivable. I also enjoy a good love story -- especially one where \\"The Devil\\" is trounced by \\"The Lovers.\\" (Tarot and fortune telling are elements of this novel. So is fate.) I especially liked the metaphysical aspects. An excerpt:<br /><br />\\"My father was always somewhat overambitious,\\" she starts. \\"What he meant to do, he did not accomplish, not as he intended. He wanted to remove himself from the physical world.\\"<br /><br />\\"How would that be possible?\\" Marco asks. Celia appreciates that he does not immediately dismiss the idea. She can see him trying to work it out in his mind and she struggles with the best way to explain it.<br /><br />\\"Suppose I had a glass of wine,\\" she says. A glass of red wine appears in her hand. \\"Thank you. If I took this wine and poured it into a basin of water, or a lake or even the ocean, would the wine itself be gone?\\"<br /><br />\\"No, it would only be diluted,\\" Marco says.<br /><br />\\"Precisely,\\" Celia says. \\"My father figured out a way to remove his glass.\\" As she speaks, the glass in her hand fades, but the wine remains, floating in the air. \\"But he went straight for the ocean rather than a basin or even a larger glass.\\" ...(260)<br /><br />Basically, I found \\"The Night Circus\\" to be a very good story, wonderfully told.
B004SRNH10|1.0|any app that does not work on my phone gets a one star rating, make this app compatible with optimus. I hate apps that are incompatible with my phone
B0054N73EY|3.0|Not worth the wait, I had to force myself to get through the entire album without skipping a song here and there.  I have had this album since the day it was released and have listened to it at least a dozen times and there are only a couple of songs that I can at least say I enjoy but there are quite a few that I can honestly say bug the crap out of me and I can't stand to listen to (namely Ethiopia).  I am a huge RHCP fan so this really broke my heart because I have really been anticipating new material.
0142419400|5.0|this is such a great book. i could not put it down. the plot characters are so wonderfully developed it will make you want to go to Paris.
B002VPE1WK|2.0|I invested $700 on my camera and lens so I was looking for an inexpensive but reasonable camera bag. I saw the Nikon bags and the Canon backpack in stores before purchasing the Amazon bag online. I am disappointed with the quality and finishing of the bag. The external material is reasonable but the internal material looks very cheap. My bag also has wrinkles in stitching which make it tilt on one side. The other bags in this price range that I saw in stores have a sturdier and more durable construction. I'll probably return this bag. Amazon could've/should've done better.
B0000009OX|5.0|Fast buzzsaw guitars backed by a bouncy rhythm section and lead singer Feargal Sharkey's quavering vocals make for a powerful pop punch. The way true pop music should be with the longest song clicking in at a blistering 2:45--fast, fun and fantabulaous tunes. I dare you to listen to Teenage Kicks or Male Model and not be up pogoing across the room. Infectious!
B0028IDXDS|5.0|Our son loves this thing! It really has helped him grab on and hold things better and quicker. He is able to actually play with it and get it back in his mouth at 3 months old. Esp like the monkey. It is super soft and washes nicely. We have the elephant too, but do not prefer the material on it.
B0034G4OUY|3.0|Received this in great condition and in timely fashion, but i received the Canadian version of the film.  What's up with that??  I'll edit after I view it.  Edit:  11/14/11  Well I watched the film and there appears to be no issues with the playback or accessing the menus.  However, I still am a bit upset that I did not receive what was pictured.  I contacted Amazon and all they can do is give me a refund.  They wouldn't exchange as this was filled by a third party.  I'll have to keep an eye out for who is selling the items.
B001HN6922|5.0|I think the biggest thing that comes along with any sequel is that people tend to tie it in and compare it to the first movie.  Just as when moviegoers try to compare a movie to a book it was based on, they will often be disappointed.  So I have taken the standpoint that when I see any movie, with any familiar actor, book tie ins, sequels or prequels, that I compare it strictly to itself and the experience of watching the movie.  In other words:  I stay open-minded, and refrain from expectations.  So for me, this movie was a lot of fun!  My 7-year old daughter was about 3 or 4 when she first saw the original Cars movie.  So we own it and watched it the week before Cars 2 came out, to get \\"in the mood\\".  Mind you we've seen Cars so many times, that we can both randomly quote lines verbatim.  We also own the soundtrack and we can both tell you where each track is played in the movie, and know all the words.  LOL.  So trust me, we loved the first Cars movie.  That being said... WE STILL LOVE THIS NEW MOVIE!  It is adventurous (something a 7-10 year old appreciates), silly, still maintains the heart of the original characters, but gives a new exciting story line.  I mean really, I'm sure some of you parents might also be tired of the original story at this point, and probably can appreciate a new movie concept that still has characters your child can identify with.  Anyway, Cars 2 is very entertaining, and we will buy (we've had it on pre-order with Amazon for two months) it and we'll watch it repeatedly too.  LOL.  Unlike Toy Story 3 (my daughter owns the first two, and hated #3), which we won't be buying.
B0002XNRG4|5.0|Best all around lens I have ever bought. It was worth the wate and the nice part I use on both my cameras, my Canon 50-D and my Rebel. Very good in low light. Just enough zoom, and great for close-ups.  Frank Perry  Fall River,Ma.
B0015AARJI|3.0|Just to let all that may order this in the future, the USB/Mini DV connector is not included in this product package.  I don't know if this is normal or not.  I was expecting it to be included.
B0029LHW4A|4.0|If Jet wanted to be \\"Big in America\\" they might have been better off selling themselves to the working class. They seem to have more in common with stadium rock, or even hair-metal, than the mealy-mouthed punkwaveshoegaze-garage sentimentalists the metacritic class *cherish* so much.    When Nic sings (gargles?) on \\"Goodbye Hollywood\\" 'I know how to scream and shout', well, yeh, he knows how to do that.   Shaka Rock might be their best album; the one rocks from start to finish and sheds the pseudo sense of sophistication of folk and ballads.   If only all the songs were as good as \\"Start the show\\", \\"Let me out\\", \\"Goodbye Hollywood\\" and \\"Black Hearts on fire\\". Some of the others are but a few are a bit weaker, so 3 1/2 stars. BTW they can give their dumb anthem, \\"17\\", back to some greasy, sleazy long-haired's of 1978, where it belongs.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|Definitely worth having the blu-ray version of the Lion King to recreate my childhood experience in the theaters watching it for the first time.
B001VLXNLU|3.0|While Marked can not be called the worst drivel I have ever read it certainly has great room for improvement. The idea itself is a fun twist on familiar territory but the story ultimately follows along a predictable path that fails to provide enough twists and turns to keep you guessing.  Its greatest fault lies in the poor characterization; all of the players are all terribly cliche  and shallow from the blond diva turned arch nemesis down to the darkly beautiful main character who is too moral to use swear words and is coveted by all the boys \\"much to her dismay\\". Marked does not completely fail to entertain and it does have a few shining moments, but overall it is lacking too much in its depth even for a fun, light read.
0307593312|2.0|The premise of this story (which is given inside the dust jacket, so I'm not giving anything away) is an interesting one: a girl takes an emergency ladder down from a highway and ends up in an alternate reality. I was excited about what an acclaimed author like Murakami could do with this Matrix-esque setup. Boy, was I disappointed.   The chapters alternate points of view, switching back and forth between following Aomame, gym trainer/assassin, and Tengo, math teacher/ghostwriter. This seems fine on the surface--two narratives that eventually converge!--but it turns out to be the same kind of cheap trick that first-time novelists do to keep readers hanging on. Basically, each chapter ends in a cliffhanger that isn't resolved at the opening of the next chapter (because the next chapter follows the other main character). The meager plot points are parceled out at a glacial pace, approximately one major development every 150 pages. It's as if Murakami wrote a great short story, but his publishers wouldn't put out a 25-pager in hardback, so he stretched it out. Over 900+ pages. Just removing the needless descriptions of Aomame and Tengo preparing meals and of their sex lives would cut the book in half.   ***Now for the spoiler-containing portion of my review. Don't read any further if you don't want to know any more about the plot than is revealed inside the dust jacket.  The alternate universe is only different for people involved in the Sakigake cult, for Aomame and the people in her life, and for Tengo and the people in his life. Not exactly *The Matrix,* and when I find myself negatively comparing the work of an acclaimed author with a Hollywood flick, you know it's time for Murakami's editors to rein him in.   The alternate universe is basically a place that allows Aomame and Tengo to get back in touch with each other, while placing them in great danger. It's also a place that allows the author to become extremely lazy. People have sex with each other, but not exactly, because they're having sex with an alter ego (or a spirit, or a shadow, depending on what Murakami feels like calling them at the time). A man is a rapist, but he's not because pre-teen girls (or their shadows/spirits/alter egos) climb onto the erection he gets through no will of his own, while he is paralyzed. Mysterious \\"Little People\\" climb out of the mouths of the dead and spin chrysalises out of air, for a reason that is never revealed.  At the end of the story--how predictable is this?--Aomame and Tengo climb back up the emergency stairway and return to the real 1984 (or maybe a different universe, but not the bad 1Q84 that is the setting of most of the novel). This happens despite the fact that Leader (the Sakigake cult leader, the one who hears the voices of the Little People in 1Q84) has told Aomame that \\"the track has been switched\\"--that time is now flowing in 1Q84, and there is no way back to the world (1984) that was. Climbing back up the ladder is such a predictable way of getting back to 1984 that the only way Murakami could get the reader not to guess the ending was to deliberately mislead the reader with Leader's false statement.   And the thin plot and the predictable ending aren't the only problems. Because Aomame and Tengo climb back to 1984 to live happily ever after with their soon-to-arrive child, Murakami never has to handle any of the pointless diversions he has thrown into the book, such as:   - Is the insistent NHK collector who plagues Fuka-Eri, Aomame, and Ushikawa somehow Tengo's father, who lies dying in a nursing home in a beach town?  - Was Leader a rapist? If not, was it because the girls were not real people? Or because he couldn't control the sex he had with them? Or because it really was a legitimate religious experience for all involved?  - Was the dowager and/or her son somehow involved in a shady real estate scheme? What about the Sakigake cult? Does the cult's buying up of property all over Tokyo invalidate its supposedreligious purpose? What about the conflict between the deep religious belief that Leader/Fukada and his devotees Buzzcut and Ponytail profess to Aomame, and Professor Ebisuno's statement that Fukada is a very un-religious person?   - Is Aomame a lesbian/bisexual? Was she being untrue to herself by denying a relationship with Ayumi?   It's almost as if Murakami thought of some interesting questions and conflicts, then lost the energy to resolve them, or even explore them deeply, and just brought Aomame and Tengo back to 1984 and threw out all the other stuff. And what's worst is that he doesn't give us the right type of information about Aomame or Tengo to make us care about the only two people left in the book at the end. I found Ushikawa and Tamaru far more compelling characters than Aomame and Tengo, but Ushikawa is suffocated (for no reason--Tamaru could have threatened him, or paid him off, or even left him alone while Aomame and Tengo escaped into 1984), and Tamaru is left in 1984.   It's hard to believe that someone who writes a book that's more than 900 pages could be lazy, but the writer of this clunker certainly is. What a waste of several evenings' reading time, and of thirty dollars.   The cover art is pretty cool, however.
1848566980|5.0|I always loved Chriss Foss artworks since I was a kid. He is one of the artist who \\"pushed\\" me to become an illustrator. I was waiting for something like this since the portfolio by Paper Tiger made with his works years ago. It is very well printed and the collection covers a vast part of his work. Great artist and great book, a must for sci-fi lovers and artists.
0385535139|5.0|Grisham is back on track with page-turner excitement...I think there is a smidgen of J.G. in most of his protagonists.  Good to see the wife in the story stand by her husband. The humor lightens up the story.  His characters Finley and Figg are transparent down to their shoes, and fun to watch.  I kept rooting for Zinc to turn everything around and hand them a success, which he did.  Thanks to John.
B0052GACNM|5.0|Tony Bennett has done it again. This time with amazing artists, including the late great Amy Winehouse. A must-have for Bennett fans and more. This will be a favorite for my car rides.
0553801503|4.0|If Tolken could write a thoughtful, rich epic like the Lord of the Rings as a trilogy, certainly Martin could have done the same, and should have.  This forth book is a disappointment.  I'm sad to say the series is beginning to feel more like a drawn out cash-cow than the great work of fiction it could have been.  With every new book I hear a cash register ringing somewhere. . .  I'll not be reading the next book.  Even if i do i'll certainly never buy it.  Sorry, Martin, you're a brilliant writer but i can't help but feel you've drawn this series out for the cash.<br /><br />Update:<br />I've given it a bit more time and while I still believe the story could have been condensed, the rich characters and complex story line (not to mention the quality of prose) makes for enjoyable reading.  If upgraded review to 4 stars.
0393078299|5.0|While I was a student at Princeton University in the early 1950s, I had a literally nodding acquaintance with Albert Einstein. During my freshman year he walked past my dormitory every day on his way to the Institute for Advanced Study. I often found myself on the sidewalk as he passed by, and we nodded to each other. I have read many an interesting biography of his life since, but none more interesting than Quantum, by Manjit Kumar.<br /><br />Quantum is a story not just of Albert Einstein's life but also his thought processes. It also provides insight into the dozens of famous theoretical physicists who influenced and aided him in his work.<br /><br />Complex Science Explained<br />Quantum theory, which attempts to describe the atomic and subatomic worlds, is for most people a byword for mysterious, impenetrable science. For many years it was equally baffling for the world's most brilliant physicists. Here the author gives us a dramatic and superbly written account of this fundamental scientific revolution and the divisive debate at its core.<br /><br />Simply reading Quantum may not make one an immediate expert on quantum theory, but the chronology of every great contribution to the physics of quantum theory--beginning in 1858 and continuing to the present--will be worth the price of the book.<br /><br />The most complex and difficult-to-understand intricacies of quantum theory in no way reduced the joy I felt in reading this book and following the journey of so many great scientists as they researched and published their discoveries. Interestingly, these discoveries were not often verified in a laboratory, but they were agreed upon because they accorded with physical observations and allowed for reasonable mathematical solutions.<br /><br />Interesting Narratives, Theories<br />In one of the most compelling discussions in the book, Kumar describes a conference held in Belgium in 1927. Of the 29 people invited to the conference, 17 went on to receive the Nobel Prize. At times Kumar made me feel like I was in the room. Heisenberg, Planck, Born, and Schr&ouml;dinger came alive for me as I read these passages.<br /><br />In an enlightening scientific discourse, Kumar explains the concept of entanglement, a quantum phenomenon in which two or more particles remain inexorably linked no matter how far apart they are. He also explains the intriguing quantum theory in which Dr. Schrodinger's cat can be simultaneously dead and alive.<br /><br />Quantum is not a book for everyone. But if you have a great deal of scientific curiosity and enjoy reading about some of the greatest scientific minds in history, you will certainly enjoy this book.<br /><br />Jay Lehr, Ph.D. (lehr@heartland.org) is science director of The Heartland Institute.eisenberg, Planck, Born, and Schrödinger came alive for me as I read these passages.  In an enlightening scientific discourse, Kumar explains the concept of entanglement, a quantum phenomenon in which two or more particles remain inexorably linked no matter how far apart they are. He also explains the intriguing quantum theory in which Dr. Schrodinger's cat can be simultaneously dead and alive.  Quantum is not a book for everyone. But if you have a great deal of scientific curiosity and enjoy reading about some of the greatest scientific minds in history, you will certainly enjoy this book.  Jay Lehr, Ph.D. (lehr@heartland.org) is science director of The Heartland Institute.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|I've been a big fan of Lou Reed since I saw him with the Velvet Underground in 67. I suppose much of this album is consistent with that oevre. I even suppose it's art. It's just unlistenable. It's got the deep painful bleekness of Berlin mixed with the muck of MMM. Again, it may indeed be art, but I'm not gonna play it on my radio show \\"Fine Aged Rock.\\" My guess is that Lou must be personally happy and just enjoys playing with the intensity of deep depression and repressed lust for blood.   Lou Reed has done some truly great stuff: NYC, Magic and Loss, etc.   But in short, Lulu is just plain awful. Why he did this--like MMM--I'll never know.
B003ZUTVJS|5.0|Simply the best movie I've seen in a very long time. The acting was superb and the topic universally appealing.
B004TI5N38|4.0|I really liked the book, as I like most of Baldacci's books. I was confused a few times as it felt as I was reading a book of Lee Child, with the character of Jack Reacher having had a name change.  The stories, and leading characters are very similar, good book though and I am looking forward to his next one.
0062011847|5.0|I have loved Discworld since I first read Lords and Ladies five years ago. Now, I eagerly anticipate every new novel. This time, Terry Pratchett takes on the idea of the detective on vacation, a trope beloved by readers of mystery writers such as Agatha Christie. While Pratchett's writing is nothing like Christie's, the result is the same: the detective needs a vacation, and travels to somewhere relaxing. And finds a crime before even unpacking their suitcase. For Sam Vimes, this means running around the countryside chasing bad guys, while spending time with a six year old boy now obsessed with poo. Hilarity ensues, as it should. A must read for any lover of Pratchett's other books, as well as mystery lovers with a sense of humor.
B005IZLPMY|2.0|I have no idea how people thought this movie was any good. I guess its a tale of two viewers. The average viewer and the comic book geek. I could see how the average theatre goer just wanted something entertaining and adventurous, which is all good. Who doesn't right. But when you watch any movie don't people want the most realistic approach to a character as possible? I mean for one Cap't America isn't mr funny man. Too many corny one liners from him. Plus, its set in WWII and im sure there wasn't too many people telling jokes then. He takes every approach in a serious matter. Second, he breezes through the movie beating up everyone and never brought to his knees. The final fight scene is one of the worst ive ever seen. Chris Evans was terrible as the Torch in FF and he's even a worse capt america. He's the leader of the Avengers and the movie should have taken notes from the Band of Brothers on how to film WWII scenes. The cartoon style filming didn't cut it for me. I'm not keeping my hopes high after seeing the Avengers trailer, thats for sure. So in my view, bad acting and filming. Definitely more of a kids movie.
B005ER6STG|3.0|I've seen the original film and I can clear up the confusion:  this is not quite the original.  There are two key scenes cut out of this version.  The transfer to Blu-ray is great.  However, the film itself is muddled with the two missing key scenes.  If you are looking for the complete uncut film - this is not it.
1439153663|5.0|I found this book when Amazon recommended it as a possible read when I searched \\"The Help\\" since I loved that book so much.  This was JUST AS GOOD, and everyone I've passed my copy of the book on to has said the same thing - an absolute must read!  Wonderful history, wonderful characters that make you instantly care about them, some humor, much sadness but not to the point where it depressed me. It was likely very realistic for the times which was depressing in itself but a wonderfully written novel!
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I found this book such an entertaining read. I forced myself to slow down and enjoy it and although I wanted to see how it ended I did not want it to end.
B002TZS5GU|5.0|2009's \\"Carriers\\" is easily one of the best post-apocalyptic films. The story involves four youths in Southwest USA seeking sanctuary from a lethal virus that has wiped out much of the population and continues to do so. To all intents and purposes Government no longer exists and society is now a world without laws. To survive, they live by a set of rules of their own making: Avoid anyone with the disease, trust no one (not even your friends/family), immediately sterilize anything a carrier touches and realize that anyone with the disease is already dead.<br /><br />The four youths are Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci), his brother Brian (Chris Pine), his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo) and Danny's school friend Kate (Emily VanCampo). Over the course of a handful of days they are continually forced to make difficult moral decisions that no human being should ever have to make. They soon discover that the real enemy is not the sinister pandemic, but the darkness within their very own hearts.<br /><br />Unlike semi-goofy post-apocalyptic films like the Mad Max series ([[ASIN:B00005R2IS Mad Max (Special Edition)]], [[ASIN:B000NA1WGS The Road Warrior / Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome]]), \\"Carriers\\" is deadly serious from beginning to end. This works in the film's favor because if the filmmakers take the material seriously the viewer can as well.<br /><br />One of the moral conundrums explored is what do you do if a loved one gets the disease? Since anyone with the disease is as good as dead, do you mercifully kill them? Leave them behind to suffer and die alone? Or stay with them, which is tantamount to suicide since you'll catch the virus as well?<br /><br />The film also explores one's reaction to such a pandemic: Do we forsake all sense of morality in an attempt to survive -- lie, steal, forsake and murder -- or do we hold on to our moral compass, come what may? Is life worth living if you must become an immoral, wicked savage to survive? Isn't it better to live with dignity at all costs -- fight with nobility and die with dignity when and if we must?<br /><br />\\"Carriers\\" is to be commended for provoking such poignant questions.<br /><br />Some denounce the film on the grounds that it's too downbeat and depressing, but wouldn't a lawless society with a highly contagious lethal virus on the loose be a very dire situation? In other words, the downbeat vibe reflects the reality of the story. This doesn't mean that every character has to be some moralless savage, as one of the main characters becomes, but it definitely makes the proceedings believable for the viewer. That said, I admit that I would have preferred if the film offered more glimpses of hope, faith and human dignity, but the filmmakers obviously wanted to explore the near-hopeless-situation element and the film should be accepted and respected on that level.<br /><br />One obvious plothole is the perfectly maintained lawn of the golf course at the abandoned resort.<br /><br />The film was shot in desolate regions of New Mexico & Texas and runs a short-but-sweet 84 minutes.<br /><br />FINAL SAY: \\"Carriers\\" is an excellent -- albeit decidedly melancholic -- depiction of a post-apocalyptic world where conventional law & order are non-existent. The film successfully stimulates moral reflection and is engrossing from beginning to end. Although it looses points for being too downbeat...<br /><br />!!ENDING SPOILER ALERT!!<br /><br />...especially the climax. C'mon, the dude makes it to the remote beach and he has a hot lass at his side; they could be the new Adam & Eve, but all he does is whine like it's the end of the world or something.<br /><br />GRADE: A-ith dignity when and if we must?  \\"Carriers\\" is to be commended for provoking such poignant questions.  Some denounce the film on the grounds that it's too downbeat and depressing, but wouldn't a lawless society with a highly contagious lethal virus on the loose be a very dire situation? In other words, the downbeat vibe reflects the reality of the story. This doesn't mean that every character has to be some moralless savage, as one of the main characters becomes, but it definitely makes the proceedings believable for the viewer. That said, I admit that I would have preferred if the film offered more glimpses of hope, faith and human dignity, but the filmmakers obviously wanted to explore the near-hopeless-situation element and the film should be accepted and respected on that level.  One obvious plothole is the perfectly maintained lawn of the golf course at the abandoned resort.    The film was shot in desolate regions of New Mexico & Texas and runs a short-but-sweet 84 minutes.  FINAL SAY: \\"Carriers\\" is an excellent -- albeit decidedly melancholic -- depiction of a post-apocalyptic world where conventional law & order are non-existent. The film successfully stimulates moral reflection and is engrossing from beginning to end. Although it looses points for being too downbeat...  !!ENDING SPOILER ALERT!!   ...especially the climax. C'mon, the dude makes it to the remote beach and he has a hot lass at his side; they could be the new Adam & Eve, but all he does is whine like it's the end of the world or something.  GRADE: A-
B005XI91FY|5.0|Man, this is funny and badass at the same time...not much more I can say. Its like this sound is updated, imagine 80's updated to 2011...when it comes to refreshing this genre I think is a win...
B0058ZPNOK|5.0|Every performer in this film is bang-on and the pain the characters carry may be someone right next door to you.  Parts of this film are tough to watch: gritty and some might not even make it though the film, but stick to it - the ending is redemption of the likes you don't see enough in film anymore.  Get this and an extra for a friend.  You'll both be glad you did.
0307593312|5.0|I have read all Murakamis novels and non-fiction books but Tony Takitani - the film script. Although I thougt \\"Kafka on the shore\\" is unbeatable and \\"what I talk about when I talk about running\\" is one of the best non-fiction books I ever read: 1Q84 beats everything!  Having read part I and II last year (both were published in 2010 in Germany) I couldnt wait to get part III.   Here in the US I had to buy all in one again, cause the parts are not published alone but in one volume. That didnt disturb, cause I could re-check facts I couldnt remember from last year.   Its a definite pageturner with multidimensional lines in the story. I dont think it as too long - at least I wouldnt know what to cut out!!!  No \\"logic\\" story in our world though - expect it to be a fairytale. But a really haunting one! Give it to yourself or your loved ones for Christmas - they'll love it!
0811826848|5.0|Purchased as a gift for a Beatle fan and he LOVED it! Arrived in perfect condition in a very timely manner!
B0061IMJBI|3.0|I agree with Jhette, I watched all the first season episodes to be able to figure out the plots.  It almost wears you out in some of the scenes and drags through very soap-like scenes. The best place to hide from a zombie is a cemetary-- they're all dying to get out!  The show needs to inject some dark humor. I was left feeling depressed.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|13 albums and still on top of the thrash pedestal! It is hard to imagine that though he is pushing 50, Dave Mustaine shows no signs of slowing down. I bought the CD in store yesterday and played it in full blast in my car stereo. Although, most of the tracks have been officially released online, the joy of cumulative listening of all the killer tracks gives a sense of euphoria you typically feel for the Megadeth sound. I am not breaking down my review for each song. As a whole, the album is killer and intense and I recommend this as a must buy for metal fans  Rattle yer Goddamn heads!
B001MEJY8W|4.0|I picked this movie up at my local video store in the Horror section.  I love to watch scary movies with a good plot.  I was not expecting what I soon had in front of me on my TV screen.  Martyrs has to be the most horrific film I have ever seen.  There were moments when I could just stare at the screen, to afraid to actually try to understand the reasoning behind some of the scenes.  The story was sad, suspenseful, traumatizing and depraved.  Without saying too much and really spoiling the film for everyone, it left me in a dark place trying to figure out how I had gotten there.  I do not recommend this film for the \\"Dumbo\\" or \\"Forrest Gump\\" crowd.  The film certainly does dig into a side of humanity that you may not want to know exists.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|I think this is, as well as their last albums, simply AMAZING ! !<br />Megadeth still rocks fans' hearts with their music also after a long time.<br />I invite anyone who likes Metal to buy it because it's an amazing album, just like Endgame ! !<br />I hope this won't be their last as someone says.<br />Why would it be ?<br />Megadeth still rocks and that's a fact.<br />They never get bored to write great songs and riff !<br />MEGADETH RULES
0545265355|5.0|I was late reading these books, so I purchased this trilogy so I could just plow thru all 3. I was floored, the writing, the plot, the intensity of the emotions. I love a book that can make me cry. I had to put this down a few times just to regain my composure. The only criticism I had was that it ended. I would love to see more books on the other characters, from their perspective. I would like to know more about Finnick and Annie, a young Haymitch and his games. Maybe a book from Peeta's perspective.  Should Ms. Collins decide to write these books, I will be first in line.
B0051UP5NQ|1.0|Document I was working on never synced back with google docs, as a result I lost 3 days worth of work.  I had to have this unfortunate experience on the day the work was due.  Do not use this program if you need any assemblence of reliability in your mobile documents.
1926778103|5.0|Sketches, illustrations, layouts, characters!. All by Joe Madureira, brilliant concept art.<br />En un solo libro todo un proceso en el desarrollo de un videojuego. Muchos detalles en ilustraciones, bocetos, arquitectura, dise&ntilde;o de personajes. Recomendado para ilustradores. La empastada no es tan grave como aparece en algunas rese&ntilde;as. Excelente impresi&oacute;n. Buena compra
B004DLPXAO|4.0|I have this on my Arnova tablet and it works well.  Very easy to use and understand.  Amazon is one of my fav sites and has made my life so much easier.  My only complaint is that on my tablet I cannot read the first or second sentence on the top of each page b/c there is a status bar there.. At one point last week it went away and i had the book on my entire screen but i have no idea how i got it that way and it hasn't happened since then.  If anyone knows how to fix this i would greatly appreciate the help!
1600610234|5.0|Every page is a treasure. Step by step techniques, great concepts, traditional and digital process. Big one book for concept illustrators.  Que buen libro! es ideal para el diseñador conceptual, explica detalladamente paso a paso. Tiene técnicas maravillosas, tanto tradicionales como digitales. Compraré a ojos cerrados cada libro de Doug Chiang (su trabajo lo hemos visto en las prestigiosas películas Star Wars -precuelas-, Beowulf, War of the Worlds, entre otras).
1932100660|5.0|helps greatly to realize wha world you live in, the connections and links between the food consumed and the outcomes  This one was very interesting to read, just like a whodoneit of a sort.  Proves everything there is to be proved, this book made me the person who makes a conscious choice and can spread the word too - it so much helps when you can rely on international statistics, and sure the scale of the work done is amazing in itself.  i'd say the book is a must  must read  must have  must know on pass on.
B005ZCXFD2|5.0|Wow, this movie nailed it! Imagine you and your friends are chilling on the block and some aliens come down and you decide to fight them. AHHHHHHHHH this was a good movie!!! Haha, if you've ever been with your crew talking junk about what you'd do if aliens came down, then this movie's for you! I can't give more details without giving away the twists and stuff, but wow[...]  Definitely worth buying and putting on the shelf!  Anyone giving it less than a 4 is a dumb%ss b/c this movie's the business. KEEP IN MIND IT'S STRAIGHT TO DVD so don't expect a 40 million dollar project. But I tell you what, if it got a sequel or soemthing, this should go to the movies!!  Great movie that just didn't get the proper channels to make it to the movies, but it's gonna be a cult classic!!!
B004XE0TDW|3.0|Firstly, I love this album. It may not be on par with its predecessor, For Emma, but it still carries the same soulful, introspective melancholy Bon Iver is so famous for. Having heard it on digital format, I went ahead and ordered the vinyl copy of it. Amazon did a great job in shipping it internationally, double packaging it in two boxes with air cushions.   Alas, the quality of the vinyl pressing itself is very disappointing. There is substantial popping and crackling on both sides of the record, far more than what you'll be prepared for in new vinyl, especially on Side B. I'm not sure if this is a problem with all the pressings Jagjaguwar put out for this album, or just a one off incident with my copy. Nevertheless it is still quite a letdown.   Conclusion: Love the album, hate the poor vinyl quality
0393327345|5.0|If you enjoyed the movie as much as I did (...and by that I do not mean just the fighting and action, but the premise), you should pick up the book. It's not too long of a read and is very entertaining/hard to put down (read strange).
B0055V6EZE|5.0|This is an awesome work of a great actor who I never knew could sing!  His love of jazz and its home in New Orleans is infectious, and I'm so glad that I came across the PBS special this CD is based on by chance and was floored by it.  I'm booking a trip to New Orleans ASAP!  I highly recommend this CD.
B005CMGKTG|4.0|It is difficult to take a popular show and make it into a two hour film.  This movie was spot on.  Sure you could pick on the small details but an overall fun film with action and feeling.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|Great movie, its good to remember your childhood once in a while. this is also the perfect movie to introduce to your kids and their kids. I am they remade thisin blu-ray it looks amazing. if you have not bought it yet, THEN BUY IT!!!!
1416583432|5.0|I hesitated in buying another 'dog' book but after reading a portion of a friend's copy, I had to have my own. It is amazing to learn (as best as any human can) why my rat terrier does what he does, why he sniffs the air, what his tail is telling me, along with all the other parts of his little body. I love him even more after reading this book which enlightened me more than I could have imagined. Thank you for this great resource. I'm buying a copy for a friend for her birthday who loves dogs more than humans!
B00466HN86|5.0|The movie Courageous is actually a real life relating and identifying event.  It provides biblical truths on how to live a godly life and why.  It also makes you aware of the consequences and rewards of which ever choice you decide.
B0053KWDES|4.0|A year ago I purchased the smaller-lower power model.  The small amp is very well made and works very well but the power is insufficient.  This model has much more power and should be considered the ENTRY LEVEL model.  The build of this item is aweswome!  The cost for this device is a little high.  I also ordered a Cable made by this company to faciliate using it with the iPad to interface with the Apple A/V Cables but I don't think it has the right end (shame on me for not doing more due diligence before I added the Cable to my purchase).  In researching the Internet and Amazon FiiO are the only folks really in this business in a volume way.  I will certainly be watching for more products from them in the future with added value and added power.
B004QZ9PLU|1.0|I can't believe one of my favorite books (The Last Song), and one of my favorite movies (The Notebook) ever were written by the same person who wrote this book.  Particularly considering the price of it!!  I felt robbed.<br /><br />Now, the story in this book is so similar to the one in the Notebook that you would think it was written by a Nicholas Sparks groupie or wanna be; one who likes cheesy coincidences and paranormal stuff.  The result: not good at all.<br /><br />Make yourself a favor and save the 13 bucks and the idea you may have of Nicholas Sparks being a talented writer.<br /><br />P.S. Had this book been written by another author, I might have rated it 2 starts.  For a Nicholas Sparks work, I think it is terrible.
B001HN6922|5.0|I loved this movie! I just cannot understand all the bad reviews!   My younger brothers are wild about it too and they are going to buy it as soon as they can.  This is definitely one of my favorite movies,I would rate it TEN stars if I could.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I'd like to start off by saying that I never saw Daria when it aired on TV. When I found out that the girl from Beavis and Butthead got a spin off I decided to check out the show (illegally) online. I then decided to purchase (after realizing I couldn't watch the entire series on YouTube) this box set. After watching the whole series I'm very glad that I did. Daria is now one of my favorite shows of all time. It's smart, witty and, very funny. If you don't already know, the series is about a teenaged girl named Daria and her life throughout high School. Of course this has been done before, but what makes this show special are the characters. The title character is truly unique. I honestly believe that there will never be another main character like Daria; she's smart, very sarcastic, and funny. After watching the entire series I know that I will be quoting her for the rest of my life and you will too.  The rest of the cast is not as unique as Daria, but they still bring a lot humor to the series. There is Jane (Daria's artistic friend), Quinn (Daria's shallow sister), Kevin (dumb Jock), Upchuck (pervert), Mack (Black guy), Jake (Daria's manic father) and the list goes on. The comedy comes from putting the characters through everyday situations and just having them be themselves .Truly the work of very talented writers.  A huge benefit of owning the entire series is that you can watch the show in rapid succession and you will be able to see the great deal of character development that goes on over the course of the entire series very clearly. Almost all the charters in Daria mature and change throughout the series in very realistic ways, something that isn't done in many shows that I watch nowadays. The last reason that I'm recommending this DVD box set is that even though the show is no longer on the air its themes are still relevant to this day. Even though the show will have you laughing through every episode, it still deals with things that every teenager, including myself, deals with.  Sex, morality, and questioning one's own existence are the themes of certain episodes and these episodes happen to be my favorite ones because of how well the subject matter is handled. It is fair to say that any teenager will be able to relate with Daria in some way. I know I did. Until know I have only been talking about series itself, but now I will talk about the actual box set.  All 65 episodes are here with the 2 TV movies and some extras. The actual box is very simple with very simple artwork on the front and back and only a note from Glenn Eichler, the series creator, inside the box.  The extras are not much,but were fun to look at. You get original character sketches, the unaired pilot episode (my favorite extra), and a music video from one of the shows characters.  My biggest problems with the box set are actually about 2 of the extra features.  My first problem was that both of the TV movies are a part of the extra features and not a part of the main feature. Since there is not an episode list included with the box set, I had no idea were too chronologically place the movies in the Daria time line. Thankfully I was able to find episode guides online, but it still annoyed me. The other problem I had was with this one extra feature that has Daria and Jane counting down the top 10 animated music videos of all time. For some reason they skip the music videos after Daria and Jane introduce them. Why couldn't MTV include the videos? There were 11 music videos on the Beavis and Butthead Box set and there were 3 of those and in my opinion Daria in a better show.  Anyway, to fix this all you need to do is watch the extra feature on your computer, wait until they introduce the music video, pause it then look up the video on YouTube. I know that it's a hassle, but Daria and Jane's introductions are as smart and funny as anything that they say on the show plus the music is good (oasis!!!).  The final thing that I would like to bring up aboutthe box set is about the music used in the show. I know that many long time Daria fans complain that the box set doesn't use the original music that the show used when it aired on MTV due to legal issues. For people that don't know when Daria aired on MTV it used licensed music from various popular artists for transition and background music, so that means that the box set had to use generic stock music instead because of the cost of home distribution licensing. From what I have read the show was better with the original music but I don't have opinion on the matter, I never got the chance to hear the difference (I didn't even know about the whole music issue until I read the note inside the box) so it doesn't bother me one bit.     Final thoughts   The show 5/5   It's smart, witty, and very funny. I don't think there ever was or will ever be a TV show like Daria, truly one of a kind. I understand that it might not be for everybody, so watch an episode online and if you like it you will LOVE the 24 hours of teenage angst that are in this box set  The Box set itself 4.5/5  Could have done better and it did annoy me a little with the extras, but it gets the job done very well.  Afterthoughts   Why doesn't MTV air any reruns. I would really enjoy watching the show with the original music. Do we really need all of those\\" reality\\" shows? I know I'm willing to replace any one of them with 9 year old episodes of Daria. Any daria fan would agree with me right? In my opinion there is more\\" reality\\" In Daria than anything on MTV now a days.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|It's wonderful going back and remembering the thrill of Star Wars! We really enjoy reminiscing! Our grandchildren enjoy it as well!
B00582GL5S|5.0|This pressing is fabulous.  The sound is excellent.  The pressing is almost dead silent with regard to static and other noises.  The music is as well known is also great.  Hopefully the new company that is pressing it will press many more like it.   Just excellent.
B004HV54TU|4.0|As a computer professional, I mouse all day.  And when I come home, I mouse some more.  I was some pain and had to start physical therapy for my mouse arm.  This was not corpal tunnel syndrome. I had inflammation at the elbow and sourness in my arm and into my back.  Of course the vertical mouse was not a remedy, but as I go through PT for my arm, I know I'm no longer making the situation worse. There are lots of buttons and the software has tremendous flexibility to customize the actions for an individual user.  Glad I made this purchase.
1848566980|3.0|I saw several of Foss's paintings in a book called \\"Flights of Icarus\\" (FOI) many years ago, back in the 1980s. They were incredible. Since FOI featured a number of artists other than Foss, I was looking forward to this volume full of just his paintings. It is full of hundreds of his works from over the years, but it doesn't quite deliver. While in FOI the reproductions were full page, big, bright and beautiful, the paintings within this volume are small and cramped. He has such a large body of work that they crammed two or more paintings to a page and it's impossible to pick up any significant detail. If another volume came out with just one painting to a page in a larger format, I'd be interested. If you want to see a large number of Foss's works, this volume has it. If you want to behold the true grandeur of his works, skip this one and try to pick up an old copy of FOI to see how it should have been done.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this is one of the best games ever! i highly recommend this game. fun for kids and adults and a great time killer. loadings a little slow, but game works perfectly. got it for free, but totally would pay the &cent;.99 for it.
B000VWOV3O|4.0|5 discs for less than $20 is hard to complain about.  I've been curious about Mahavishnu Orchestra since discover John Mclaughlin's influence on Miles Davis.  I had heard the Inner Mounting Flame before and liked it enough that I had wanted to get it and Birds of Fire due to the reviews and recommendations on allmusic.com.<br /><br />Well, I discovered this package which included those two discs and more, and couldn't pass it up. Mostly, there is nothing to really be disappointed about given the cost.  I was able to get the two albums I wanted and love them both.  The remaining albums, I find are quite lacking, but this isn't really an album review as much as a package review.  I can't say I particularly enjoy any of the last three discs, but I also know that if I had only purchased the first two albums separately, I'd probably have purchased one of the other discs anyway, thus spending more money...<br /><br />And, while I can't say I like the other discs much, they do have their bright spots.<br /><br />So, this is a worthwhile set if you know what you are getting.  If you are new to Mahavishnu Orchestra and know you like what they've done, you are essentially getting 5 discs for the price of 2.  It is a great way to introduce yourself to the band.  Just realize this is a no-frills package.
B000FVBLEI|5.0|First of all you need to be into relentless galloping drums and distorted vocals...but if you are this is the band for you! It arrived packaged with \\"Overcome\\" because I bought them at the same time and arrived a couple days sooner than the projected date.
B004NSULHM|4.0|The King of Limbs is an interesting album that is nothing like its predecessor, In Rainbows, or most Radiohead albums before it.  If I had to draw a similarity it would be to The Eraser (Thom Yorke) or Amnesiac (thinking of songs like Like Spinning Plates or Life in a Glass House). To expand further, it is an album with little rock or pop to it.  The songs are more about tempo, rhythm, and harmonics.  My brother-in-law (who doesn't like this album) calls in Jazz Radiohead, and I'm inclined to agree with him.  I love Jazz music, and I love this album.<br /><br />Radiohead have created an album that doesn't reach out and grab the listener as a typical rock album will, but it can reach out to those who have an ear for the atypical.  The melodies that are here wander without form.  The tempo and rhythm don't follow a clean 4/4 format.  The ultimate format isn't all that different from the avant garde although it is hardly that extreme either.  When I even think back, I always felt that Amnesiac had its own jazz-like qualities, and I am happy to find more of that here.<br /><br />Now despite all the references to jazz, the album grows on the listener, and the more I've listened to it, the more I've discovered that the references to jazz are just descriptive.  Underneath the layers, The King of Limbs still has rock songs, and it is found that there is nothing particularly special about the song structures.  It just may take a jazz ear to hear the simplicity underlying it all and then recognize the quality of the album.  I also have to say that this is perhaps the first album I've ever owned where it is almost necessary to have high quality audio equipment to appreciate.  My first listen to the album was on an mp3 player, and it sounded like garbage.  A subsequent listen at home made me realize just how much I missed and further listening has reconfirmed that this album sounds horrible on an mp3 player with less than high quality headphones or speakers.  This doesn't reflect well on Radiohead in many ways (although perhaps it's by design), but it could explain the mixed feelings a lot of people have towards this album.<br /><br />So, The King of Limbs is a good album IF you are inclined to that type of thing.  It really isn't about patience, and you don't necessarily need to be a jazz fan.  You just have to realize that no Radiohead album is typical and that even those who do like it (like myself) didn't necessarily like it on first listen.ad in many ways (although perhaps it's by design), but it could explain the mixed feelings a lot of people have towards this album.  So, The King of Limbs is a good album IF you are inclined to that type of thing.  It really isn't about patience, and you don't necessarily need to be a jazz fan.  You just have to realize that no Radiohead album is typical and that even those who do like it (like myself) didn't necessarily like it on first listen.
B005HYNCTK|4.0|I purchased these recordings in various 1-2 disc releases and have listened to them all. The sound quality is good, the orchestra (Munich)not world class but still very good. In the interpretations, these differ widely from the 'norm'; in general much slower tempi and a 'Bruckner via Schubert' approach. I like them much better than the recordings by Jochum and Wand, widely proclaimed as Bruckner 'experts', although I would have to recommend Karajan as a safer choice as a complete set for anyone who hasn't heard a large variety of Bruckner recordings. For those who have listened widely, I think these represent a valid contrasting view of Bruckner. Start with symphony 8 or 9 and see what you think.
B004E0Z4XK|5.0|My wife and I discovered this album out of our love for Norah Jones, Jack White, and Danger Mouse's production work for the Gorillaz and Black Keyes.<br /><br />The concept of the album, a soundtrack to an Italian spaghetti western that doesn't exist, is intriguing when you consider the artists involved.  It seems like a strange combo, but given the reputations of each artist, you don't have to strain too hard to imagine it working.<br /><br />This album is awesome.  I'm not sure I've been impressed by an album as much as I've been with this one in a while.  The music is beautiful, the voices are grand, and the instrumentation is almost perfect.  The only problem is that I don't think the music sounded as much like a soundtrack to a Man With No Name movie as the premise leads you to believe.  Rome is more unique than that, and I think it actually makes for a better album.  I wanted a full-fledged spaghetti western type soundtrack and received something better.<br /><br />What do I mean?  The first track makes for a fantastic western type theme, but that tone and style are subtle through the rest of the album.  There are times when the music and songs seem like they would belong in more of a 70's James Bond type movie than a western, with the exception of the lyrics.  Ultimately, this album sounds like something that you'd have from a Quentin Tarantino western, and that is just perfect.<br /><br />The play of Jack White and Norah Jones in complementary tracks here and there is grand.  I only wish there were more tracks with their voices.  It is amazing at how well their voices complement each other.  It's only too bad they don't duet at all.  I could see it working in this instance.  The intermission tracks and instrumental pieces only work to add tension in the spacing between the vocal tracks, yet they are beautiful as well.<br /><br />If there is any complaint, it would be that the album is too short, but that is really only in a sense of wanting more music.  The reality is the shortness makes for perfection in this case.  Nothing feels unfinished.  It is a great album that would probably have a broad appeal to a very big audience.  It is only too bad it isn't marketed as such.  Don't let whatever preconceptions you have of the artists and their pasts influence you not to give this album a try.  You might be surprised at just how good it is.in this case.  Nothing feels unfinished.  It is a great album that would probably have a broad appeal to a very big audience.  It is only too bad it isn't marketed as such.  Don't let whatever preconceptions you have of the artists and their pasts influence you not to give this album a try.  You might be surprised at just how good it is.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|The Smile Sessions restore innocence to the soul. I want to thank Alan Boyd and the other archivists and producers for bringing this work to the public now.  The BB voices are powerful and glorious, and this experience is far, far superior to the work Brian's cracker-jack band did in 2004.  In the outtakes and sessions material in the second CD, we hear the BB working together so lovingly. I know Mike came in for much criticism for his skepticism about the lyrics, but here we hear Mike working with such dedication with his cousins and Al and Bruce, so that is an insight into the fellowship of these young men at the time.  Our Prayer fulfills something Brian had said about writing music people will pray to; it's as good as any \\"real\\" Gregorian chant from the 6th century.  All the tones, styles and moods of this album seem to anticipate so much of the music that would be written in the years after Smile, so it may have had an underground influence?  I don't know, but if Smile had come out in 67 it would be old; that is has come out now and is part of the BB 50th anniversary and perhaps a partial incitement to their reunion makes it very significant.  The entire full album (CD # 1) has a spiritual caste to it; it reaches the soul, and even when seemingly frivolous or childlike, it strikes an epic tone.  I was skeptical of its status as a national epic, an American story of exploration, frontier idealism, and aristocratic decay, cultural and racial collide, but now I am sure that it is all those things and more.  I have it on constantly as I drive the LA freeways. What a gift from the BB and from Mr. Boyd.
B0052GACNM|1.0|I love Tony Bennett!  I loved the first Duets CD.  This one is a far cry from the first and extremely disappointing.  Among some of the things I disliked:  He does two duets with two people who were on the first CD--Michael Buble and kd lang.  I love Buble but really, Tony, aren't there others you can showcase.  Also, he does the same arranged song \\"How do you keep the Music playing\\" with Aretha as was done on the first cd with George Michael.  And while I'm not a George Michael fan, that version was far better than Aretha screaming it out.  Don't get me started on the horrendous sounds of Amy Winehouse.  And finally, Carrie Underwood should sue because no one would know that was her singing with Tony--not sure what they did to her voice but it wasn't good.  Overall, the song selection has alot more unknown songs than popular/familiar songs.  Just disappointing.  Sorry Tony--maybe Duets III will be better!
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Part six of the best selling magical movies based on the famous books by JK Rowling. Packaging was great, and the movie is fantastic, and they split the films at the right point. Having this be one long movie would have been too much.
B001AW156U|2.0|While I never had a problem with my middle fingers slipping down on the L2/R2 buttons, I figured these triggers would at least increase my comfort level while playing fast-paced games like the multiplayer on Crysis 2. The opposite is true; with the triggers on, my middle and index fingers are too close together, which puts more strain on their tendons. Moving the middle fingers back raises them at the same time, which is even more uncomfortable. I'll try them on less demanding titles later, but my confidence for them is low.<br /><br />On the plus side, the quality is pretty good - they snap on/off easily and fit securely.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|OK, friends, I sat through this turkey so you wouldn't have to. Let's go track by track, shall we?  Brandenburg Gate: Starts off with a little bit of pedestrian acoustic guitar strumming, followed by Lou crooning tunelessly about Boris Karloff and Klaus Kinski, followed by the crunch of electric guitars, bass and drums around the one minute mark and James Hetfield braying in the background as Lou continues his sing-speak. First impression is that Lou should perhaps consider cutting down on cigarettes. He's never sounded quite so phlegmatic, and in tandem with Hetfield, it's the personification of uneasy listening (which is perhaps EXACTLY the way it was intended). Clocking in at 4:22, there are literally no surprises after the two minute mark, only an eternity of Metallica doing their best to be bad while Lou fumbles for the keys to the car.  The View: This is the one we all heard before the full album was readily available. At the time, my reaction was \\"Well...it's DIFFERENT, that's for sure.\\" The big issue is Hetfield. What's next...Lou's duet album with Kid Rock? The track is vintage Lou, however, because it spits in the face of carrying anything resembling a tune.   Pumping Blood: \\"Pumping blood, pumping blood, pumping blood, pumping blood, pumping blood...\\" Meanwhile, Metallica serves up a turgid, uninteresting riff with occasional dweedles of lead guitar, and wait a minute...is the guy who wrote these ridiculous lyrics the same guy who fronted the VELVET UNDERGROUND?  Mistress Dread: Wow, we're 17 minutes into this thing and so far there's nothing that comes close to a \\"song.\\" Once again, Metallica goes for lock-step thrash riffing while Lou mutters random Lou-isms. It just goes on and on and on for 7 minutes, no peaks, no valleys, just 7 minutes of the Metal Machine Music ethic: Start out on 10 and **** 'em if they can't take a joke.  Iced Honey: I'll bet they are saving this one for a single. It's the closest they've come to a \\"song,\\" 23 minutes into the album. And you know what I've realized at this point? When it comes to re-establishing \\"street cred,\\" Metallica needs Lou a LOT more than Lou needs Metallica. The best song on the album so far, and that ain't sayin' much. Would have been better if Hetfield shut up and played his guitar (hat tip to FZ).  Cheat On Me: 11-1/2 minutes that wants to be a Fripperscape for the first 4 minutes, with some low-key Lou vocals, and...oh, GREAT, it's HETFIELD again.  :-)  The song attempts to build in some grand Bob Quine-ish menacing \\"Blue Mask\\" Lou style, but the late, great, legendary Bob...who revitalized Lou's career...could wipe the floor with Metallica on the worst day of his week.  Frustration: This one sounds like they liked the earlier track \\"The View\\" so much they decided to do it twice.   Little Dog: Eight minutes of low-moan, low-drone, what is this, and outtake from Lou's Edgar Allan Poe CD?  Dragon: 11 minutes. Metallica tries to turn up the volume to 11 on this one, and for whatever it's worth, it might actually have some Load / ReLoad heat to it (note that I am implying that it sounds like the best stuff on two of their weaker albums), but Lou? All over the map. Absolute train wreck.  Junior Dad: Because Lou and Metallica have already demonstrated that they can't deliver a compelling 11 minute track, they decide to have the last one clock in at 19. NINETEEN! It plods along like some sullen \\"Berlin\\" outtake (think a lesser version of \\"Sad Song\\"), and before you know it, one hour and twenty seven minutes of your life is gone for good, never to return.  My guess is that Lou's fans (and I'm one of them) will take it in stride, but Metallica's?  They're not going to be happy campers at all.  Caveat emptor, baby...caveat emptor. This album makes [[ASIN:B00000637V Berlin]] sound like [[ASIN:B000002G87 Layla]].
B000GPIPSS|5.0|I throughly enjoyed the film. It had great atmosphere, beautiful cinematography and a great cast. This is a must for any fan of old school horror.
0316286850|5.0|So I'm in my early 20s with acne prone/combination skin. I was always using heavy photo and HD foundations and concealer to create a \\"flawless face\\" but I'd just feel much older, faker, and like there was a thick mask on my face all the time.   Reading this book has helped me see that all I need is a bit of concealer under the eyes and on the temples with some loose powder. It also helped me achieved what I once thought was impossible to do correctly on my own - shaping my eyebrows. I've given myself the best brows Tweezerman can achieve and may never get them waxed in a salon again.  This book walks me though each and every one of these processes the way I imagine my mom would with me at her house right in front of the bathroom mirror. It's written in a very laid back tone, with helpful illustrations and lovely stories and pictures that made it almost impossible to put down when it first arrived.   I'll use this as a guide for years to come!
B005HQ5S3G|4.0|It's been a while since I have found a CD that I've enjoyed this much. I have all of Kelly's albums,  and while I like them all; I find that I like this one the most consistently. This CD reminds me a bit of \\"My December\\" that was released back in 2007.<br />Though \\"Stronger\\" has a level of maturity about it, as well as the feeling of Kelly Clarkson bearing a little piece of her soul.<br /><br />Instant favorites for me where \\"Mr. Know It All\\", \\"What Doesn't Kill You\\", and \\"You Can't Win\\". And each time I listen to it I find another few songs that grow on me a little more.<br />There are two songs however (\\"Einstein\\" and \\"Don't You Wanna Stay\\") that I just can't bring myself to listen to more than once through, sometimes I skip them completely.<br />The scenario that comes to mind when I think of the song \\"Einstein\\" :a high school girl gets mad at her boyfriend for cheating, and she has math test coming up that's causing her stress, so she writes a song combining the two.<br />The actual beat for \\"Einstein\\" I really like, but the lyrics are immature, with a chorus that's annoying to me.<br />\\"Don't You Wanna Stay\\" is okay, it's simply too country for my taste. Kelly Clarkson does a good job. And to listen to her by herself it doesn't sound country, but Jason Aldean is country all the way, that's his style. If someone else sang duet, or even if Kelly did the song alone, then I'd like it better.<br /><br />I like the overall mix of music on the CD. It's balanced with softer almost ballad style songs in between the harder pop ones  in a way that's perfect, and keeps them from running into one another.<br />The lyrics and arrangements of most of the 17 songs are beautiful and reflect on the progress Kelly has made as a singer through the years.<br /><br />I listen to some of the songs and I can't help but smile, because either the lyrics speak the truth, or they just connect to me on a level out of personal experience.<br />I find it safe to say that this is one of the best albums I've bought this year. And as long as Kelly Clarkson continues to produce music of this standard, then I will continue to buy her CD's.lly Clarkson continues to produce music of this standard, then I will continue to buy her CD's.
B001E45XT4|5.0|These headphones are great.  Pros:  Comfy  Great sound  Mic sounds good as well.  Looks great  Cons:  Cable could be a bit longer. It is only six feet, if I am not mistaken.
B00338QENI|5.0|I have heard  bits and pieces of HeLa over the years -- the immortal cells of a woman named Henrietta Lacks.  I never fully understood what that meant, nor the extent of the impact of her biological heritage.  Her cells were cancerous, and have multiplied consistently without death or decay since 1951.    While this story is highly technical, it is equally engaging on the human-interest level.  Until now, no one has explored who Henrietta Lacks was--her family, her story, etc.  She was a person that never gave permission to anyone in the medical field to donate her cells, and her family never benefitted from this \\"donation\\".    I found myself drawn into this story, unable to stop listening (I listened to the audible.com version.  It was about 12 hours long, and instead of getting bored, I was more and more interested as the story went on.  I learned so much about science, cloning, DNA, and the history of cell research.  This was a fascinating story and important lesson for science and humanity.
B0053TMP24|5.0|wow! i loved the percy jackson series to begin with and this series continues to suprise me! i love the book from percy's point of view. read read read if you love the series!
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn.  Let's see.  The whole love story concept isn't bad.  It really isn't.  However, Stephenie Meyer's execution of the actual story is sadly lacking.  The whole story line has a tremendous amount of potential.  A girl loves a boy she isn't supposed to, and he reciprocates those feelings.  A story that is reminiscent of Romeo and Juliet.  The problem is, that this story reads more like a lovesick teenager wrote it.  A somewhat illiterate teenager at that.  Adverbs and adjectives are good.  However, I don't think the author had ever heard of a thesaurus.  Wonderful tools these little green books are.  Oh and dictionaries.  Those are pretty awesome tools to use as well.
B0055PMJMW|2.0|This was a very disappointing purchase as the Bosch stories were no where close to his usual quality, and then the book preview included was much larger than any of the stories.  I definitely wont be buying any more of this series.
B00511PTWM|5.0|Who knew such a simple thing would be so great?!?! It's just a little thing....how great can it really be? Well, for me, it is perfect! When my wife and I are driving and I need to use my phone for navigation and she needs to charge hers someone used to lose.....not any more. Both phones are now plugged in and good to go. Awesome. Yes, it is useful, and I am very confident that this would make an IDEAL stocking stuffer....especially because people don't realize how useful it would be to them. But here are some other pluses that I was not expecting. It fits in to the charger perfectly. It is flexible, not cumbersome, portable (take it with you on trips and use in your car rental), and feels solid. I am also happy that it did not blow a fuse in either of my cars.....and I have to be honest, that was a major concern, especially in my Audi. As it turns out, it was completely unfounded. Buy this, you will be surprised how much you will use it AND appreciate it!!!  Btw, phone and headset chargers fit well....all chargers that I tried fit well....from phone's to iPads, etc..   A great gadget, great quality, great price!  Just get it!
B001P3OMY6|5.0|I loved this book. Not meant to compare with Austen's work, but a wonderful spin-off for those that love Mr. Darcy's character. I couldn't turn the pages fast enough, especially for about the last 1/3 of the book. My heart wanted to leap out of my chest! I usually rent books and then return them, but this one is getting added to my permanent collection.
B0043WMJK0|4.0|This is a so-so print of one of the finest films ever made by one of the film industry's greatest directors, producers, and writers, Bill Wilder. It's about the ill-fated affair of convenience between Joe, a handsome but struggling screen writer, and Norma Desmond, a wealthy but faded silent film star. Joe is played by William Holden in one of his first leading man roles. Norma is played by Gloria Swanson who was arguably the greatest actress of the silent era. Her performance earned her an Oscar nomination.<br /><br />As I mentioned, the print is not great, but it is still watchable. The movie was originally done in black and white, but this print has a 1930s movie monster quality. However, this is a great movie at a very good price.
0446310786|5.0|Unlike many others, I was not introduced to this book through my high school required reading curriculum. This book came highly recommended by a friend of mine, and looking down my Goodreads friends list, everyone has rated it 5 stars. And now I know why.  At first, I wasn't enjoying it. I found it hard to get into. I couldn't relate to the culture (temporally or geographically), and was having a bit of difficulty translating the \\"Southern\\" dialect. But, I soon overcame those obstacles, and then I couldn't put it down.  This entire story is told through the eyes of a child, and I think that's part of what makes it so captivating. This is a child who is raised by a single father and an older brother, and she begins the story in innocence, climbing trees and playing in the mud and catching bugs. Over the course of about a year, she starts school, and her father (a lawyer) takes a case to defend a black man who is falsely accused of raping a white woman. The other white people in her little town, even though they are \\"reasonable folks,\\" do not approve, and she and her family are subjected to the insults, alienation, and threats that accompany racism.  Sometimes, we don't realize how ridiculous something truly is until we see it through innocent eyes. The children witness the entire case from start to finish, and are traumatized by the behavior of the people around them. These are people they have known all of their lives -- why are they suddenly losing their minds over skin color?  One of the most moving parts of the story, to me, is when the little girl's teacher is talking about Hitler's persecution of the Jews... and she readily makes the connection to the white people's persecution of the black people. It is in moments like these that children are forced to grow up and see the world for what it is.  Even though this story is rather bittersweet, it is beautifully told. It is a story of class warfare, social injustice, and being called upon to do the right thing, even when it seems like the whole world is against you.
B00178I1PU|1.0|My 4.5 year old son was beyond excited to get this.  He told everyone he saw today about his toy bow and arrow coming in the big brown truck.  He watched out the window for an hour.  It came, I read the instructions, I put it together properly.  He put an arrow in, pulled back (harder then needed, but seriously, he's 4--it wasn't THAT hard!) and the wood broke in half.  Poof. That fast. He is still crying after 30 minutes.  The arch is made of two thin/flat pieces pf unfinished plywood.  I almost got a splinter when putting it together, by the way.  Just bending it into shape I was worried I was going to break it.  We generally buy wood options over plastic, but in this case, we're returning this and buying plastic!
0446573019|1.0|I bought this book, but as in the case of at least one other Baldacci book, I will not read it.  I only read books where I can invest my time in characters that I will like and will like what happens to them.  Consequently, I cheat and read the end of the book to make sure it has a happy ending.  This one does not. As a result I will not be reading it.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|If you are a fan of Castle, having all Three Seasons is a must. If you never seen the show treat yourself to some great entertainment. There are also bloopers included in the DVD.  Nathan Fillion and Stana Katic are absolutely fabulous together.
0553386794|5.0|This is a great book that I would recommend to anyone. The depth of characters is unmatched. This is a must-buy.
1584282584|5.0|I received my book in a very timely manner.  It is also informative. However, it focuses (as with other books) on a specific camera.  Photography books should really stay away from doing that too much because not everyone has a Canon or Nikon camera.  Overall, I liked what I've read.
6305781427|1.0|Feel so cheated! You finally made your choice and waited and waited and then you received a something-else! Worst experience in Amazon!
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|I recommend this movie to anyone whom has a loved one with mental illness. It helps them to understand a little better than not being well informed. As usual Russell Crowe is superb in his performance as an actor. A great must see movie.
B001HN6922|2.0|loved the original. cars 2 lacks heart. lets hope if there is a 3rd it is more like the original.its now a few years later and I still don't think its very good....even if you forget the original...its just not very good.....someone just wanted to make a buck off the name
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Extremely value for $$, which i got it at USD$24.19 from Amazon !!  Price went up after i purchasd, I'm lucky.
0756405890|2.0|I am a picky reader. I often do not give a book or series a chance unless it has the trifecta of:  - Well received and highly reviewed  - An engaging concept  - A killer first chapter  ------------------  The Name of the Wind has been very well received and hyped up in the media, and online. Having just finished this book, I must say, it did not live up to the hype. If you're reading five star reviews and getting excited, my advice would be to steer clear. There are other books which are more worthy of your time.  The concept in this book was actually quite vague. The cover leads you to believe you're going to follow the journey of a nobody to unimaginable heights of legend as a roaming wizard of sorts. The reality is a washed up old man in an Inn telling the story of his childhood and only getting part-way into it after 600+ pages. The concept failed to deliver.  Finally, the first chapter was indeed well written, engaging, and lead into the next few chapters which were also promising, in which a demonic spider corpse is brought into the smalltown inn, promptly causing a stir. However, that's the end of the excitement. Pacing goes downhill and events of interest appear farther and farther apart until there are none at all.  Overall I felt disappointed that I spent so much time hoping for something that didn't come. I don't normally write reviews, but I wanted to help others avoid a similar experience.
B003L77G06|5.0|My order arrived when it was supposed to and in perfect condition. The DVD box was still in the plastic and there were no tears or any damages. Very happy with this purchase!
B000TEUSJK|5.0|This is probabally the best mix of rated x sex , violence and plot film ever made, plus a little history lesson.
B003L77GGU|5.0|It's another super season of Supernatural! What more can I say but that I couldn't stop watching the show after this arrived?
0545265355|4.0|but, I feel the end was a bit rushed. I know it's a little selfish, but I was left feeling like I needed more...info on what happend. That the author should have gone more in to detail.
B00005JO9J|4.0|I really enjoy the series but had never had the time to watch all episodes on the proper sequence on TV. Now I could fill in the blanks.
B000PKG7I4|5.0|Amy Winehouse in the US was first introduced through \\"Rehab\\" and \\"Back to Black\\" and all her negative press. Like many US citizens, I thought her only album was BTB. BUT it wasn't!    Frank is her BEST ALBUM! I do not care what anyone says! Back to Black is a good CD, I dislike the dark, depressing and sad feeling of it though. Frank is awesome.  \\"Stronger Than Me\\" is a good track, one of my favorites! I like the beat and her vocals  \\"Know You Now\\"  is an awesome track! Its so perfect and I don't even know what makes it so perfect! It's between \\"In My Bed\\" and \\"Know You Now\\" for my favorites.  \\"F*** Me Pumps\\" is THE song that caught my attention to Frank (the MJ Cole Mix, not the original). The song describes gold digging women, that are losing their \\"UHM\\" to seduce men.  \\"Moody's Mood for Love\\" is one of those songs I play to write a paper or just to relax. Its smooth.  \\"In My Bed\\" is MY FAVORITE! This is THE SMOOTHEST SONG ON THE ALBUM! I loved how it got really smooth when she says \\"everything is slowing down, river of no return\\". Took my breath away!  \\"Take the Box\\" is something I enjoy, but don't LOVE! It could have went on BTB.  \\"Amy, Amy, Amy/Brother/Mr. Magic\\" I like Amy/Amy/Amy its catchy! Brother is the best one out of the three. Mr Magic I don't really care for!  OVERALL, Frank is a album I recommend to Amy Winehouse fans! If you like Back to Black you'll LOVE Frank!
0805047905|5.0|My son received \\"Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?\\" in board book for his 2nd birthday. We've been reading it to him for 3 months now, and it's by far one of his favorite books. One night I told him we couldn't read it again because it was time to go to sleep, and he proceeded to read it out loud by himself by looking at the pictures and from memory! This is an amazing book!! I can proudly say this book is the first book he was able to read by himself and that it was at 2 years old!!
B0018RWD1S|5.0|I love Frank DE! Its better than Back to Black! BTB was to dark feeling!   'Round Midnight is THE BEST SONG ON DISC 2 (\\"In My Bed\\" was the best on Disc 1)! Its NOT praised enough! People buy this FANTASTIC ALBUM, and listen to 'ROUND MIDNIGHT!  OVERALL, Amy did a terrific job! I recommend this album.
0446547654|5.0|One of his best books!  I really appreciate the style that Nicholas Sparks writes in. I can recommend all of his books knowing there are no vulgar or upsetting words or situations to deal with.  This books holds your attention from beginning to the end. Thank you, Nicholas
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|The Dark Knight has to be one of if not the best Batman movie ever made. This 2 disc blu-ray edition was awesome. It took you behind the scenes even went into Batmans history which I did not know much about. overall 10 out of 10 well worth the money although I am looking forward to the third installment of this series set to come out sometime in 2012. Cannot wait but in the mean time I'll just watch the dark knight!
B0000CBHOI|5.0|This is really a hodpodge of blues. Some fictional stories, some interviews some performances. I like the progression of the old blues to the modern styles. Great singing my Tom Jones, Lulu, Van Morrison and others. Not a tightly cohesive project as I expected. More of different stories told by different people/views. It is not like a Ken Burns type of production. You don't have to watch these in order but I did.
B002RSDW80|5.0|Ordinary Julie does something remarkable in her everyday life.  It doesn't seem like that at the beginning but it becomes that.  Extraordinary Julia does the remarkable because she's, well Julia!  These two diverse women cross a cosmic plane at the intersection of wonderful French food.  The film is great story-telling and beautiful cinematography in two different eras of American historical struggles.  Enjoy the richness of French scenery as French cookery is pulled out of the oven.  Listen to it in French, put on a beret, and munch on chocolate croissants.  You'll love it.
6305132984|5.0|One of the best musicals out there (Across the Universe and Chicago are in the top three). This review is on the Special Edition. Watching how the movie was made and all of the details it took to create it was amazing. The fight scene in the beginning is almost avant garde. Natalie Wood's \\"singing\\" does not quite synch. I don't know why they used a double for her because I though her voice wasa fine. The documentary explains all about that. Actually the extra features are just as good as the movie. During the fight scene, mentioned above, the director had a trench dug through the cement so that he could get the camera down below looking up at the dancers. Amazing.
B000FC2L1Y|4.0|I am a big fan of this series. This book however was a little rough starting. I read at least a good 25% of the book before i really got into it.  We saw the whole 'society/pomp and circumstance'thing in Dragonfly in Amber, and it was good in that book, but in this one, it was just irritating.  I had to get past those first chapters. It certainly has its dark moments, as do the rest of the books, but i think this one didnt quite have as many shiny moments either. There was sort of a somber tone throughout the whole book. Even when things seem good, they arent that great. Lots of lows, not many highs.  I love the way DG keeps revealing layers of Claire and Jamie's relationship, but Bree and Roger arent quite so complex. I really want to get into their story, but its just not as exciting or captivating. I really enjoyed the bits of them in 1960whatever, and i wanted more!    This book definitely had some of those moments i dread in books, that ever present blunder!   (!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!)   Seriously?!?! Bree tells Claire, not only is she Pregnant, but she was raped, at the exact same time Jamie beats the snot out of Roger because he thinks it was him that raped Bree. SO incredibly frustrating for the reader. almost a stereo-typical romance novel plot. One of the reasons i love these books so much is because they are not what you expect, and that part of the plot was rather disappointing.   Overall, the book was good, and once i got into it, i read 75% in 3 days. I wouldnt necessarily 'recommend' it right now, but once i finish book 5 and see that this one was just a bridge for the awesomeness of the first 3, then i will recommend it, but ill have to wait until then!
B000005J56|5.0|These old guys/gals sound amazing. I love Cuban music. The DVD is a good companion to get with this. When I bought this through Amazon it was like $10. At the time, Borders wanted $25. No wonder they went out of business. Great music to listen too while sipping a Mojito and eating some pulled pork.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|Outstanding! What else can one say? I saw this movie when I was active duty in the Army when it was released in theater. Let me tell you, everyone there was in military uniform and there wasn't a dry eye in the house when Simba cried out \\"Papa!\\" when he realized his father would not get up. Now that I have 3 small troopers of my own ages 8, 5 and almost 3; I thought this edition arrived right on time. The little ones and I watched Simba go through the pain of growing and accepting the responsibility of being an adult during a 3 day marathon. No sooner did the 5 year old get the package opened, than we were ready. Popcorn and tissue in hand because I knew what was coming. It never gets old, \\"Bowling for buzzards\\", \\" . . . it tingles . . . do it again . . . 'Mufasa!'\\"<br />If you don't know Disney, then you do need this review. But if you don't know Amazon . . . I am pleased with my movie and it showed up on the day stated!<br />Thank you Disney and Amazon.<br />Another satisfied customer.
B00027JZ3E|5.0|This is a great movie. Keifer is perfect as a badass - who would guess? Good story and bound to be a classic horror show. Not a gory film but creepy and, at times, funny. Extras are great.
0385534639|4.0|Since reading Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus, I've been wishing I could visit the incredible Cirque des Rêves -- the stage on which this magical tale of love and illusion and creativity takes place. Morgenstern invents this 19th Century circus with wonderful detail -- innumerable black and white tents filled with tarot readers, cloud mazes, ice gardens; the grand clock at the entrance gate, masterfully crafted  to transform before people's eyes as the circus's opening hour draws nearer; caramel and apple treats whose smells waft along the winding paths. And one of the coolest things about it, in my opinion, is that there is real magic going on; it's just disguised as illusion for the patrons.<br /><br />For the Cirque des Rêves is actually an elaborate venue, set up by the two best magicians of the day, for the sake of a mysterious competition between their prot&eacute;g&eacute;s, Celia and Marco. The two young illusionists work their magic on the circus, and, quite predictably, end up falling for each other. But the stakes of the battle are dangerously high, and the protagonists are inescapably bound to compete. All of this amounts to an exciting plot, with a few pretty cheesy scenes, but also a lot of really cool magic. The line between competition and collaboration is blurred, as Marco builds a labyrinth tent, to which both he and Celia add rooms -- one where it's snowing, one with a vast night sky, one with books hanging everywhere -- until no one but the two of them knows who created what. The secretive contortionist Tsukiko tells them:<br /><br />\\"I have been surrounded by love letters you two have built each other for years, encased in tents.\\"<br /><br />I mean, how can that not make you feel all warm and fuzzy?<br /><br />Having read The Night Circus over a month ago, I admit that I had to look up the characters' names to write this, but I never forgot the wonderful cozy and enchanting feel of the world of the Cirque des Rêves. I hope this debut novel kicks off a long writing career for Erin Morgenstern!rn!
0790729350|5.0|Wow! I saw this movie when it first came out at the theater. Amazing film. So many big performers. This has some extras that are worth watching. Probably the beginning of drug abuse/sexually transmitted diseases in this contry and who knows what else. I still would have liked to have been there. Nothing compares to this event. Not something to sit and watch with your kids unless they are in their late teens. This is where Ten Years After really go their big start. I mean you have Janis Joplin, Hendrix, Crosby, Stills and Nash (who got there beginning here) Richie Havens, Country Joe and the Fish, Santana...the list goes on.
0307593312|5.0|If you strip away everything else, at its heart, 1Q84 is a love story.  But there's quite a lot to the \\"everything else.\\"  Haruki Murakami's epic novel is the story of Aomame and Tengo, and the first two-thirds of the novel are told in chapters alternating between the viewpoints of the two.  In the last third, a new character and POV are added to the mix.)<br /><br />Aomame narrates first.  She's a young professional stuck in the back of a cab.  She's hopelessly mired in traffic and concerned about being late for a meeting.  Her driver proposes a way she could make it that might be a little \\"extreme.\\"  Aomame follows his suggestion, and before she departs the cab, he reminds her, \\"things are not what they seem.\\"  Aomame does not know it yet, but she has just gone down the rabbit hole.<br /><br />In the second chapter, we are introduced to Tengo.  Tengo teaches math by day.  \\"What do I like about math?  Math is like water.  It has a lot of difficult theories, of course, but its basic logic is very simple.  Just as water flows from high to low over the shortest possible distance, figures can only flow in one direction.  You just have to keep your eye on them for the route to reveal itself.  That's all it takes.  You don't have to do a thing.  Just concentrate your attention and keep your eyes open, and the figures make everything clear to you.  In this whole, wide world, the only thing that treats me so kindly is math.\\"  That's Tengo in a nutshell.  He's a straight forward, honest guy.  As we meet him, he's discussing literary fraud, because by night he writes fiction.  Fraud is the sort of thing Tengo would prefer to avoid, but he's just received an offer he can't refuse.  He doesn't know it yet, but he's just gone down the rabbit hole.<br /><br />In the third chapter, we learn more about Aomame's \\"meeting\\" and discover that everything we thought we knew about her is wrong.  It's the first of many times that author Murakami shows who's really holding the cards in this unfolding story.  Now clearly, I can't summarize nearly 1,000 pages of complex, strange, fantastic fiction.  Gradually, both Aomame and Tengo realize that their world has altered, although they are not sure how many other people have noticed.  Aomame believes she has left her present in 1984 and entered the world of 1Q84.  She posits, \\"At some point in time, the world I knew either vanished or withdrew, and another world came to take its place.  Like the switching of a track.\\"  Later on, Tengo adds, \\"The boundary between the real world and the imaginary one has grown obscure.\\"  It seems a fictional world that he helped create has become their reality.<br /><br />1Q84 has been called an homage to Orwell's 1984, and there are several references to the work: \\"George Orwell introduced the dictator Big Brother in his novel 1984, as I'm sure you know.  The book was an allegorical treatment of Stalinism, of course.  And ever since then, the term `Big Brother' has functioned as a social icon.  That was Orwell's great accomplishment.  But now in the real year 1984, Big Brother is all too famous and all too obvious.  If Big Brother were to appear before us now, we'd point to him and say, `Watch out!  He's Big Brother!'  There's no longer a place for a Big Brother in this real world of ours.  Instead, these so-called Little People have come on the scene.  Interesting verbal contrast, don't you think?\\"<br /><br />Who those Little People are, you'll have to discover for yourself.  They are one of the many, many mysteries of this dense novel.  There is so much going on within these pages on so many levels.  Despite its length, the novel is quite accessible.  The plot is engaging, suspenseful, and emotionally satisfying.  It'll keep you turning the pages.  The characters are...  They are so many things: idiosyncratic, erudite, isolated, intriguing.  The language is gorgeous.  I quoted heavily from the novel in this review for the simple pleasure of sharing Murakami's words.  They're a joy to read.  Although, there were a few instances of textual redundancy that seemed slightly strange to me, and I wonder if it is an artifact of the novel having been published in three separate volumes in Japan?)<br /><br />Having read this novel in a marathon week-long session, I have a great appreciation for Murakami's achievement.  And yet, I feel that having now gotten the complete picture, I would be well-served starting over at the beginning.  There's more to be discovered.  And I wonder if I wouldn't feel that way after any number of readings.  There is beauty and fantasy and all kinds of social commentary, but in the end I return to where I began.  It's a romance.  And as Aomame says, \\"I did have one person I fell in love with.  It happened when I was ten.  I held his hand.\\"instances of textual redundancy that seemed slightly strange to me, and I wonder if it is an artifact of the novel having been published in three separate volumes in Japan?)  Having read this novel in a marathon week-long session, I have a great appreciation for Murakami's achievement.  And yet, I feel that having now gotten the complete picture, I would be well-served starting over at the beginning.  There's more to be discovered.  And I wonder if I wouldn't feel that way after any number of readings.  There is beauty and fantasy and all kinds of social commentary, but in the end I return to where I began.  It's a romance.  And as Aomame says, \\"I did have one person I fell in love with.  It happened when I was ten.  I held his hand.\\"
B0000DJZA5|5.0|I have long been a Beatle fan and love this \\"acoustic\\" version. Not an unplugged-type of acoustic songs but versions without that nut-job Phil Spector putting all that background music in. I don't really listen to the second CD which is a recording of a live practice. Mostly inaudible talking. I suppose if I was high or had a few drinks in me I might like the discussion better but since I don't do either I will just keep it and maybe one year it will make sense.
1452101248|3.0|Many fresh and exciting recipes with interesting ingredients. Some hits, a few misses, but always unusual. However, the measurements in many recipes are way off. Did anyone test them before the book was published? For example, the Tofu with Black Pepper called for FIVE tablespoons of ground pepper in a dish supposed to serve four people. It was nearly inedible--but when made with about one-fifth the pepper, it was spicy and delicious.   A lot of effort went into the photos and production of this book. Too bad no one took the time to vet the recipes. Still worth a try if you're willing to take the mearements as suggestions and have the experience to adjust them.
B0062HCAQC|5.0|This show is so good!  Zooey is so cute and wonderful. The rest of the gang is hilarious as well.   Schmidt couldn't be funnier.  If you haven't seen this show you should check it out. You won't be disappointed.
B0034G4P80|5.0|Thor was one of my favorite Marvel comic superheroes growing up so the release of the 2011 film `Thor' was greeted by much long overdue enthusiasm.  While it didn't live up to all my pre-conceived expectations (whatever does?), I found it to be an overall satisfying viewing. \\"Overall satisfying\\"..., what the heck does that mean? Kind of a wishy-washy endorsement but let me add that this was my first viewing assessment. Sometimes you instantly fall in love with a film (which wasn't the case here). However other times an initial lukewarm acceptance of a film may begin to become more fully appreciated several days later, which is exactly what happened to me with this movie.<br /><br />First Impression: I had been impressed by the visuals from the beginning, particularly the sequences in Asgard, Home of the Gods and the frozen world of the Frost Giants. I also thought Chris Hemsworth lived up to my mental image of the mighty Thor and Tom Hiddleston as Loki was absolutely amazing. However I found the storyline rather weak and a little bit to comic bookish, particularly the dialogue (imagine that, complaining about comic book dialogue in a film based on a comic!). There just didn't seem to be enough residual `food for thought' in the production to warrant more than one viewing.<br /><br />Change of Mind: For a movie I thought I was over and done with I surprisingly couldn't get it out of my mind. Images of Asgard, the Rainbow Bridge and the brash and unbridled Thor stayed with me, replaying random scenes from the film before my mind's eye.  By far the most powerful image of them all was the face of Loki. Those haunting eyes, that regal strut and the aura of impending chaos surrounding him was intoxicating. Wow, it took a while but I finally came to the realization that I really loved this film after all. Now I can hardly wait to watch it again!
0061733199|5.0|Very very complete survival book, with great illustrations (some in color also) and a ton of information in the various themes of survival.  A must have!
1932735410|5.0|I am completely amazed by the clarity with which concepts are explained. This book is a sure-shot win for all those who plan to prepare for the PMP with the updated pattern. I just passed on October 10, 2011 reading this alongside PMBOK.
B005R32L66|1.0|My skype account was hacked into....  and skype tried to blame me!!!  They offered no apologies or money back.... Microsoft really screwed up buying this piece of junk. There are plenty of alternatives out there that have excellent security, will never use it again...  and will spread the word on their pathetic security!!! ....Google..using google voice, talk and Groove IP.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Evernote is a really great concept! i use this app practically daily (I'm planning a wedding and my family and bridal party is on the other side of the country) ...so it's easy to enter a note on your phone, pull it up on your computer or email the whole notebook to your friend. my complaint is editing notes I've already created on my phone. it's clunky and annoying to do and sometimes impossible. spacing and formatting ! is also annoying and frequently gets screwy too
B004TTMYQG|5.0|quite simply the best calendar app. I tried them all... this one syncs with outlook and google calendar very well. Info is displayed as well as can be expected on a phone. Love it...use it all the time
B005QPGHQU|4.0|Amy Lee and the boys are back on the scene with a new, yet familiar sound. I have listened to this self-titled album countless times already, and feel as though something is missing. I love their past 2 albums, \\"Fallen,\\" and \\"The Open Door.\\" \\"Fallen\\" was pure perfection and surfaced at the right time when the whole goth rock genre was exploding. \\"The Open Door\\" was more poetic, but still had their signature sound.  Heavy guitar riffs, and dark ballads played by Amy Lee on the piano.  The darkness and despair was pervasive throughout their previous releases.  Amy Lee seems to be in a happier place in her life now and it shows that on the album.  She seems more comfortable than ever using her voice in different ways on \\"Evanescence.\\" She really lets go of her voice on most songs of the album, which is not a bad thing. The notes she hits are very high,and there is a sense of freedom that Amy shows and in no way holds back. I like the album, and it has great potential, but like I said there is something missing in their formula of songs this time around. Here are the tracks of the album:  1. What You Want- Is their lead single, which is strong, and definitely has a dance groove to it.  It showcases the band's positive attitude. I especially like the chorus. 5/5  2.Made of Stone- This song is definitely true to their nature. The hook is great and is radio friendly. Amy actually uses the word \\"baby\\" in the chorus.5/5  3.The Change- Is by far the best song on the album. It is different than their usual formula, but the hook is explosive. It should be the next single.5/5  4.My Heart is Broken- this song is simply lovely and Amy plays the piano. She lets go vocally on this song, and nails some really high notes. The lyrics are good too. I heard this will be their second single. 5/5  5.The Other Side- The melody of the verses are catchy. This is about missing a loved one that passed away, but it isn't sad at all.  It is pretty uplifting. 5/5  6.Erase this- has an 80's feel toit.  The song is okay, but I'm not crazy about. It probably will grow on me in time.  3/5  7.Lost in Paradise- I like this ballad a lot, all of Amy's ballads on the piano are amazing. It isn't better than \\"Lithium,\\" though I must say. 4/5  8.Sick- This is one of the first songs the band recorded. The chorus is a bit lazy. I like the vibe of the song and the lyrics. 4/5  9. End of a Dream- Now this song could have been on \\"The Open Door,\\" the lyrics are poetic and the song is kind of sad. It touches on death. Amy's voice is more controlled in this song.5/5  10. Oceans- I like the melody of the verses in the song and the lyrics. I think the chorus ruins the song. To much noise over Amy's vocals.4/5  11. Never Go Back-At first I didn't really care for this song, but now I love it. It is one of the heavier songs on the album fueled with powering guitar riffs. 4/5  12. Swimming Home- This song sounds different from the rest of the songs on the album. It is a slow song, but it is kind of boring. I sometimes skip it.3/5  13. New Way To Bleed- I love the title of the song, but the song itself doesn't live up to the title. 3/5  14. Say You Will- This is a fun song, but I like it. Everyone can relate to this song.5/5  15. Disappear- Love this song. Lyrics are beautiful. I can hear her pleading passion in her voice.5/5  16. Secret Door- A beautiful ballad by Amy. 4/5 Still it is not better than previous ballads like \\"Lithium,\\" \\"Hello,\\" \\"Like You,\\" or \\"Immortal.\\"  Check it out for yourself. Must listen to \\"The Change,\\" \\"My Heart is Broken,\\" and \\"The Other Side.\\"
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|The uses of this app are limited only by your imagination. Someone hands me a biz card?...  I use vernote to take a picture of it and save it...  notes on a screen..same...  notes on a napkin?..same. Address or phone number in your memory and afraid of forgetting it? same using the voice recorder function. Also use the PC version... best of all?.It Was FREE!!!
0385344325|3.0|I've read every Jack Reacher book in the series. Child has created a memorable character, but I think he's rushing too fast to crank out the next one without giving his books as much thought as before. Here you have the common \\"Reacher beating up a gang\\" episode, but c'mon, can even Reacher walk into the Pentagon, create a major crime and get away with it?  Hey Lee Child, how about something a little more down-to-earth and believable next time.
B0000DKMK0|5.0|well ,we all know about tarantinos movies,but for me,kill bill is his best!!! nut much really to say,because you have probably seen it,BUT WITH THE FIGHTING SCENE IN BLACK AND WHITE,IT WAS A BIT DISSAPOINTING,.however to be able to see these scenes in all their glory in colour is exceptionel,i love it.would recommend you get this uncut disc .lots of extrs that are not on the european release..and its region 2....bliss!!!!
B004SUWR2C|1.0|Search for &quot;hot death&quot; in the appstore.  Many options make it much more entertaining, and, best of all, it's free too.
0981951244|4.0|This is a great book! I often steer clear of self-help books being that I am so perfect, but was recommended this by a friend I greatly respect. I was absorbed by the second chapter and being it was written in clear and concise language was very approachable. The lessons and insights are very simple, I found myself slapping my forehead wondering why I had not instituted these changes in my life. I needed this book when I was having difficultly getting through University, it would have been immensely valuable in keeping me focused. Highly recommended!
0385344325|4.0|There's an uneasy feeling in fighting circles that the world is changing, the military may be downsizing, and yesterdays heroes may be on the voluntary separation list tomorrow.<br /><br />At thirty-six years old, Sergeant Jack Reacher could be one of those fading heroes. He's sent on a mission to Mississippi about a murder that threatens the reputation of the Army, but not as the main investigator. A rival Army cop is making inquiries among the Rangers inside the local base. Reacher, posing as an aimless ex-military bum, is only there to observe the local police.<br /><br />Reacher has never posed as a civilian before. He hardly knows how to act or dress, which is amusing. But as a man of action forbidden to act, he's seriously frustrated.<br /><br />The plot delivers a good strong mix of gory crime, corruption in high places, dirty fighting in low places, clever women, and surprising deductions by Reacher. The sheriff is a gorgeous ex-Marine with \\"the metabolism of a nuclear reactor.\\" People keep warning Reacher not to sleep with her.<br /><br />The Affair is written with Child's usual tough-guy wit and great pacing. My only reservation here is that Reacher takes the law into his own hands all too easily. His behavior would be criminal in real life. I had to get into fantasy mode to be okay with this reading experience. Which I did.
1741797802|4.0|I used the 14th Edition of Lonely Planet India to get around in India (of course) for four weeks in October 2011.  Overall, I liked how LP reorganized and reordered the info in the book.  I thought the manner in which they listed sights, hotels, and restaurants, etc. was better than their previous method, having used past LP's to travel elsewhere.  I also found the information in the book to be accurate and agreed with most of their descriptions of hotels and places to eat.  The one point that I did not like in this edition was that LP seems to have lessened the geographic size of the maps in the book, and also eliminated some helpful maps that were in the 13th edition (e.g. various maps of the Darjeeling area).  So instead of a map showing a larger portion of a city or several different areas of a city, you now get a map showing only the city center/one area but with more detail.  In prior versions of the India guide, LP's maps covered larger and more diverse areas.  Some people may like the extra detail of the smaller maps, but I personally liked the broader map coverage of past editions.
B000LC4ZF8|5.0|This is one of my favorite Tom Hanks movies.  He does such an amazing job of acting like a 13 year old boy.  Elizabeth Perkins is also wonderful in this picture.  It's too bad we don't see her talent any more.<br />This movie should be in everyone's movie library.
B000ICL3CE|4.0|No death-lasts-forever, wrist-slitting angsty overtones influence the sound on this release (though \\"Sinking\\" is a somewhat gloomy affair); it's actually bouyant on several tracks, and \\"Head On The Door\\" has been singled out as one of their most diverse efforts from a musical standpoint, incorporating compositional practices and instrumentation from other cultures. Robert Smith's lyrics, however, tend to be preoccupied with some of the most universally alienating experiences humans can experience.   But it's embedded within musical contexts that sound almost pretty, if such a thing could be said about The Cure's musical direction on this release. \\"Kyoto Song\\" uses the chiming of synthesizers to mimic the effect of a Japanese percussive instrument using an oriental scale. Yet the song  unfolds like this: \\"A nightmare of you/of death in the pool/wakes me at a quarter to three/I'm lying on the floor/of the night before/ with a stranger lying next to me\\". An acoustic guitar, tuned to a flamenco scale, is the fluidly progressive force that drives \\"The Blood\\", in which Smith wails, \\"I am terrified/ by the blood of Christ/though it clouds my eyes/I can never stop, never stop.\\"   Raw and churning and aggressively paced, \\"Push\\" presages by now what is considered to be The Cure's signature guitar sound, taken down a few notches in tempo for \\"Sinking\\" whose downbeat guitar tuning is nevertheless chunky and almost elastic. \\"The Baby Screams\\" matches this with a centripetally driven, uptempo synthesized opening.   Most people who are unfamiliar with \\"The Head On The Door\\" nevertheless have somewhere along the line heard \\"In Between Days\\" and \\"Close to Me\\", either from a television show, movie, or \\"modern rock\\" radio station; both are considered among the band's catchiest songs, and have been covered countless times. Never mind that morbidity stalks the narrator in the lyrics of both songs; they're misinterpreted in much in the same way as REM's \\"The One I Love\\". These are songsabout loss and alienation from self, others, love of self, love of others, sexuality, forgiveness, & salvation (and by extension belief in supernatural control over one's destiny and the fate of the universe) that have been given a peppy musical veneer enabling Smith to subvert the true meaning of of these chilly lyrics. It's nevertheless a fascinating, engrossing listen, and with the exception of \\"Screw\\", there's not otherwise a  weak track on this CD.
B001O2QW9G|5.0|we LOVE schleich. we have so many of these animals it's almost impossible for me to name them all. My son, now 3, as been collecting these since age 1.
B005COO1X6|1.0|I am a huge Stephen King fan. I have read nearly every one of his works. This is the most dissapointed I have ever been in one of his stories. The monster isn't scary, the story isn't interesting and the characters are weak. Good thing it wasn't very long. I was waiting for a twist that never came.....
1936041111|4.0|Victor Frankenstein's craving for the secret of life is the backbone of the book. With this desire, he is internally forced to create a monstrous being. The continuous need for knowledge can be considered dangerous, as it can result to the destruction of the life of Victor, the creator. Robert Walton himself learned how destructive the desire for knowledge can be after seeing what it had done to Victor first hand.<br /><br />This literary work of art, however, also portrays some aspects of human nature, the want to be accepted into society. The monster wasn't really bad, nor was he good. He was simply a human being with a unique appearance that needed affection, love, and acceptance. His unique appearance, however, scared away everyone that he meets, which will eventually enrage him because he feels he is not loved.<br /><br />This book is truly a great book that touches on the subjects of acceptance. To not judge people based on how they look. Everyone needs someone who can love and understand them. Without these things, it will cause someone to rage quit life.
B003QNXPUK|5.0|Great product at a great price. It protected my screen well and as long as you have te right case your shield won't peel off, which unfortunately happened to mine. But I sent it back and they gave me a new one! Yay
0307454541|2.0|I think the author tried to convey some message through this book, but it just didn't come across convincingly.  The story moves and has some suspense and surprising moments, but I usually like to learn or be moved when I read.  Sorry, for me, there is just no important insight to be gained from this book; I just didn't learn a thing.  If you're looking for something to just pass time, it's well enough written to take you from cover to cover.  Better books include Follett's Pillars of the Earth; Mistry's Fine Balance; Wolfe's Bonfire of Vanities; even Da Vinci Code.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|I had high hopes I would enjoy this set. However maybe I am getting too old to enjoy the smart ass audio and the squeaky queen (first DVD). I then went to the Darth Vayda DVD and turned it off after 20 minutes. Yes visually very good but who is the audience for much of the silliness? Some oldies are classics of all time but Star Wars revisited after a decade or so somehow loses too much. It is dated!  Dave
0743270754|5.0|I bought this book for my husband, an eighth grade history teacher for twenty-nine years, on the recommendation of one of his former students who keeps in touch through email. This student has had an out standing career in the US and abroad, for which he gives my husband a great deal of credit for inspiring him through his teaching.<br />  Therefore, the book remains unread by our family until Christmas, 20ll, but we eagerly anticipate its contents on the advice of this former, very successful student's advice that my husband and I will enjoy it very much.<br />  Thank you for asking!<br />  Mrs. Leslie Linendoll<br />**9-1-13<br />Leslie has now read this book and found it absolutely fascinating! It was researched with great accuracy and he could literally not put it down. He read parts of it to me, his wife, and I enjoyed learning about the politics of the day. We all admire Abraham Lincoln naturally, but after reading this book, the reader will truly appreciate the genius that was his with a new understanding. We certainly recommend it to every person interested in the building of our nation. It is a wonderful book!
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|This is the worst cd I have ever bought - not what I expected.Lou Reed can't even sing-he mumbles or at best \\"talks\\" but does not sing!I was expecting a kinda \\"Garage days\\" type of cd.I should have surfed the net for samples before buying-what a piece of crap!!! Still a metallica fan but not of these crap side projects!
B005K2YRVG|5.0|I chose this sleeve because it looked tough and slim. It's exactly that. It wont wear out in a hurry. The Velcro fasteners are tough and the quality of finish is very good indeed. It may even outlast my Kindle :-)
B0000C4LXG|5.0|This album was supposed to be kept underground and not hit mainstream.  Members of Mayhem had said that only a select few were even worthy of listening to the album; however, that has changed since.  This is the album where it all began.  The music on this album is so raw as Black Metal is intended to be; however, if you are looking for a Black Metal sound, you will not get it here.  The sound is not the usual high-pitched screaming with organs and whatnot, but it still remains unique.  If you are a fan of Black Metal and if you are a fan of Mayhem, this CD should definitely be in your collection.
1594744769|5.0|Really interesting story, with a better than average explanation of how time travel might work.  The already good story is made great by Riggs inclusion of authentic vintage photos (some, he notes, with minimal alterations), rather than highly Photoshopped modern photographs.  Once or twice the story seems to wander just a bit, in order to \\"explain\\" a photo, but mostly they are seamlessly woven together, with the oddest of oddities making perfect sense within the story.  A line that stuck with me: \\"Within minutes the place was a smoke-filled den of tipsy Sherlock Holmses.\\" P. 272. (Note for the author, in case you are reading this: Please reconsider endings that, rather than completing a particular volume, leave you with a feeling of \\"they are just going to commercial before the next adventure.\\" Nothing wrong with writing a series, but IMHO, each book should feel finished on its own.
0061997811|5.0|This book is ideal for anyone who is a Potterhead. An ideal gift, too, for Potterheads. The quality of the book is awesome. The printing is very clear, too. This book is very informative. There are also handouts in here, like Harry's Acceptance letter, a Borgin & Burkes Product booklet, an Advanced Potion Making Sticker book, Honeydukes Candy Box, Quidditch World Cup Programme Booklet, Yule Ball Ticket, 4 Educational Decrees, the Marauder's Map, Weasley's Wizard Wheezes Product Booklet and a MoM Identity Card.<br />Recommended!
0393317552|5.0|Jared Diamond has yet to put out a book that isn't fascinating. This book is no exception to the rule. Well-written, well-research, and just a great insight into the subject. I wouldn't expect anything less from him.
B005LRWRZ8|2.0|There Are 4 Cool Songs On This Record Guns,Drugs And Money- Never Die -Fast Lane And Black Swam The Rest Is filler. I Would Have Thought That Two Dave's Would have Been Better Then One In The Writing Process Of The New Record.But I Was Wrong Neither Showed Up. This Record Will Be A Friz-be And Easily Forgettable In Your Collection In About 8 Weeks Or So.
0143036556|5.0|Interesting read. Applying the theories and examples Diamond shows in this book into the modern world provides a startling anxiety for the modern US. As always, Diamond gives you a well-written and well-researched product.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|Great movie, nice graphics, loved it.   I bought this for my boyfriend last Christmas and he loved it. Its a great movie to watch with the family, very educational.
B000002KLG|5.0|George Benson was a superstar through the 70's and had no trouble with the musical transition from the 1970's to the 1980's. With the infamous 1979 Disco Crash, many R&B artists were struggling on the charts but not George Benson. 1980 saw him release GIVE ME THE NIGHT and the title track became a Top 3 Billboard Pop smash. The song is as great today as it ever was and the rest of the album delivers the goods as well. LOVE TIMES LOVE and ON BROADWAY are both great songs(and became hits in their own right)while MIDNIGHT LOVE AFFAIR, LOVE DANCE and TURN OUT THE LAMPLIGHT are all great slices of R&B that are as smooth and sexy today as they were over 30 years ago. Whether you are a George Benson fan or like smooth R&B/Dance from late 1970's early 1980's, this album is highly recommended.
0385738773|4.0|\\"The Death Cure\\" by James Dashner is a real page turner that I couldn't wait to get back to reading. This is the third book of The Maze Runner trilogy that I enjoyed as much as I did The Hunger Games trilogy. The Death Cure picks up where The Scorch Trials left off and is a suspenseful read that is loaded with adventure.  All through is a fight for survival.<br /><br />I liked most of the characters, especially Thomas and Minho. It is about saving the human race from a virus that makes people lose their sanity. Some are immune to it and so hated by those who have it. I liked how the \\"subjects\\" all worked together to prevent what happened to them from happening to others. The question is does the ends justify the means. At one point, Thomas says he doesn't believe there is a right and wrong anymore, just horrible and less horrible. It has a strange ending but then, the whole book was strange since it is science fiction.<br /><br />You must read the first two books in this series though before reading this one or you would be pretty lost. I highly recommend this trilogy to anyone looking for something different and adventurous.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|Great story, great price for the entire Trilogy on Kindle! loved it and hated to reach the last page. Surprised to hear that it is an \\"Young Adult\\" series as I loved it as an over 50 reader! I believe too violent for people under age 12.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Pricey but I figured 366 Amazon reviewers couldn't be wrong. The MDR7506 accurately reproduces all of my favorite music genres from techno, to jazz, to hiphop, to R&B and videogame OSTs.<br /><br />The cord is generously long and great for listening from my workstation. Perhaps the only downside is that these headphones reveal the limitations of some of my lower bitrate MP3s.<br /><br />Build quality is very good, solid input and feels robust all around. No sound leakage at all. It's good to see that Sony still makes some high quality audio gear.
0385343175|1.0|I kept waiting for something to happen.  I was wishing it would be a typical DS and there would be some tradegy.  NOPE, NOTHING, NADA.  There is no substance, the same words and phreases repeated over and over.  We get it, she has red hair and freckles.  We get it, life is amazing.  I was so bored and angry at myself that I spent the $$ to buy and that I actually finished the book.  Again DS just called it in, no research, nothing new and life is a fairy tail
B005AUWY90|5.0|Ok, I just saw the film after reading the bad reviews here and all I have is one question: how many versions of Cars 2 came out this year? The version I just saw was terrific! And I'm talking about the STORY as well as the animation, which, by the way, is the best I've seen since Rango, another unappreciated film that's a little ahead of its time, but now I want to focus on Cars 2.<br /><br />Basically, it's 2 stories: one, a spy story centered around cars running on alternative fuel blowing up in various races around the world; two, the importance of staying true to and defining yourself, specifically, this one's about Tow Mater who, during a trip to the toilet, becomes tangled up in an international conspiracy with 2 British spies.<br /><br />This is a terrific film and I think that the problem people have with it is that it's a little more sophisticated than the first film. As a previous reviewer pointed out, this is more of an evolution from the first film than a sequel. I mean, if a 12 year old kid can download apps to his iphone or ipad he or she shouldn't have a problem understanding this film, which is very basic in comparison. The film has absolutely incredible eye-popping visuals. I rented it on DVD and I will get the blu ray later this week, that's how beautiful it is. The fact that it also has a very decent story and drew a few chuckles out of me is enough. Like I said, don't know what all the negative reviews are about. Sometimes the mob is wrong!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|If you haven't yet experienced Planet Earth, take this opportunity to \\"see your world as never before\\".  Incredible photography is the bedrock of this far reaching documentary series which spans the globe from mountains to deserts, caves to oceans finding every possible form of life be it large or small, predator or prey.  Equally enjoyable are the short snippets which close each segment detailing how some of the more stunning images were captured (wait until you see the shark explode out of the water to nab a meal) and you can't go wrong with Sigourney Weaver describing the action from start to finish.  You truly won't believe your eyes, especially if you have HD.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|On top of being a great all around read, this book actually made me wish I'd played more video games back in the 80s! The pop-culture references are funny, especially if you grew up listening to Rush and AC/DC, watching Monty Python, and, obviously, playing video games. I also really want to rewatch WarGames now! A fairly light, quick read; just the right length.(My only issue is that the Kindle price is ridiculous, especially compared to the hardcover price. I did buy it on my Kindle, but that was because of a gift card. But this in no way detracts from the book itself.)
B004FRX0MY|2.0|I love being able to access my cloud drive music, but unfortunately the app now regularly and randomly closes, making it very frustrating, and not very usable.
B005JLN9OO|4.0|less striking than the previous releases I would say, yet a very fine album, as you would expect from such a great artist
1442346272|4.0|I would have given this audiobook collection 5 stars except that Disk 2 is entitled \\"Steve Jobbs [Disk 2].\\"  You would think they could at least spell his name correctly.  A product that tells the story about a great innovator known for his pursuit of perfection and attention to every last detail.  How ironic.
B0015GDVTU|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST ROMANCE FILMS IN AWHILE, TOUCHES YOUR HEART AND MAKES YOU LAUGH AND MAKES YOU CRY.  <3
B005XI4WFS|5.0|Finally a show on basic cable that is just as good, or better IMHO, than HBO or Showtime.  I love horror movies, especially the psychological/suspense genre.  I watch every horror movie that comes out, so I'm pretty desensitized to scary things.  But, this show actually scared me!  Scared like hiding my face under the blanket and yelling at the people on TV \\"don't go in there\\", \\"don't go that way\\".  Love it, love it, love it.  Better than any scary movie I've seen in years, so it's awesome that it's on TV.  It's like a great movie that doesn't end after two hours.  I really should knock on wood.  It seems like every time I really love a TV show it gets cancelled.  Or maybe my tastes are just more refined than the majority! ;) lol
B001HZK8FO|5.0|BEST MOVIE EVER. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO EVERY GIRL (AND EVERY GUY) WHO LOVES MOVIES!!!  RYAN GOSLING AND RACHEL MCADAMS HAVE AMAZING CHEMISTRY BTW
157421327X|4.0|This book is a must have for beginning Zentangle work. Lots of ideas and patterns. I have the whole set of these and they are great!
B0061IMJBI|4.0|This show really understands suspense and strong story arc.  Even in its second season we're still learning so much about the characters (the good, the bad and the ugly). It's incredible to me how they've managed to scare the bejeebus out of us, excite, and even tug at heartstrings!  This episode is no exception.  At least two very strong developments in this episode alone!
1451648537|5.0|I am about half through the book and already feel that this book is one of the best books I have read so far this year. Steve Jobs is a truly fascinating man who has change the world for the better with his vision for technology. I no doubt recommend this book to anyone who wants to feel empowered to do great things in life.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|This purchase will be a Christmas present. I know my daughter will be fascinated by this movie.  She is still a Disney Channel fan; she loves all three movies.
0525423656|4.0|Crossed is like 1984 meets My Side of the Mountain. I took my time reading this book and when I sat back and thought about it, I realized that it was because the writing was just so beautiful. It felt like I was reading poetry. Ally was so good at unfolding the story. Every time I learned something new about the characters or the world, I just ended up with more questions. The biggest question was: \\"Is everything really what it seems? What's REALLY going on?\\" One of my favorite things was how much the title had to do with the story. The word \\"crossed\\" weaved itself beautifully in and out of every aspect of the book and I found myself analyzing it and thinking about it a lot. It was so much more deep and thought provoking than I thought it would be. The story leaves you hanging and eager to read the next one, but not in a huge cliff-hanger way. The love triangle was one of the best and truly honest ones that I've read. Personally, I think that Matched and Crossed are better than the Hunger Games.
B002COTI64|5.0|It's Regina Spektor. She's Literally Inimitable. You either love her or you hate her. I belong to the contingent of humanity that loves her. Her songs never fail to surprise: musically, lyrically, and in the general sense you usually get after you hear the first verse/chorus of any song ... like you can turn down the brain and just ride on the expected sonic reiteration, except for new lyrics in the second verse (lyrics you could have predicted with a not unhigh level of accuracy after just hearing the first verse and chorus)--you can't coast like that with Regina. She will throw you musical curve-ball, a lyrical fastball, and veer from whimsical to soul shattered ... and back, in more than one song. You've never heard anyone like her. She's not as weird or as culturally & unapproachably alien as Bjork [the Borg who took LSD]. R.S.'s works are grounded in a much more human perspective both musically and in the spirit of the songs, in the feelings that sneak up w/in you when you aren't expecting them, and she often lightens the mood with a cute, almost childish whimsy, using bizarre distractions to keep you from inoculating yourself to said song's core. Which only your subconscious may ever really grasp anyway. But if it's catchy and unique and surprising, like Spektor is, musically and otherwise, it's worth the trip just for the fun.
B004LROUNG|5.0|I, too, thought John Grisham had done his last good work some time ago; however, this book has brought back the faith!  It is great - and although I won't say it is his best, it is up there among them.  My advice to all those people with negative things to say about the book is to just \\"read and enjoy\\"....  You don't have to wonder who took the dog out - or why the main character did not win the big case against all odds....just enjoy! It is a wonderful book!
B003UESJHE|5.0|The Kings Speech is one of the finest films I've seen in a very long time.  It is perfect in every.  The film humanizes the Royal family.
B000KRNCYY|5.0|The music is joyful and soothing.  My favorite song is \\"Somewhere Over the Rainbow\\".  It actually brought tears to my eyes. All the music is beautiful as usual.  I would recommend this CD to anyone who loves to be moved to tears with joy.  A great stress reliever!
B00466HN86|5.0|.  Today, battles rage around us everyday, stripping us of focusing on what is REALLY important. If you are a man, a man who struggles with doing what is right, THIS is the movie you need to buy. Don't procrastinate, order (2) copies because you KNOW at lease one other guy who needs this movie also.  Regards,  Just a guy.
0385535139|4.0|I won't bother relating the plot since it is available easily.  I enjoyed the author's first few books but then I thought some of his later ones were a bit of a drag and disappointment.  This is a good one that is close to the quality of \\"The Firm\\" and other early works.  I wanted to keep reading this so much that I postponed chores so I could keep reading.  Then, I almost wanted to read more slowly so as to prolong the enjoyment.  In any case, interesting characters, a good plot, and a positive conclusion.  Loose ends may have been wrapped up a bit too easily but the trip was well worth the effort.
B005KCZRI8|5.0|if you like classic rock and roll music download \\"My Ma\\". If you hear all the influences in this song then you sould buy the album. Beatles, Floyd, Dinosaur Jr.? Pavement? I dont' know, its so well done it just sounds \\"classic\\" already.
B005D0RDIE|1.0|This has got to be the worst performance, EVER. Geddy Lee can't hit the high notes like he used to. I do not know why they just didnt cover Mike Ness songs. Maybe then they might be tolerable.<br />I can offer a review of that venue: good place to go to watch LeBron James throw down thunder dunks, boring place to see a concert.  I did see several concerts there while I lived in Cleveland (Aerosmith, Smashing Pumpkins, The Who, Tom Petty, Roger Waters), but those arena shows are all the same.  I did enjoy seeing LBJ throw down thunder dunks there a few times as well, but now he appears there less frequently and with a different backing band.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|Beauty and the Beast has such a great story and beautiful music. I had to buy it for my grandchildren. Great condition and prompt delivery
1423140591|5.0|Another fun read.  Percy Jackson is back with more challenges and new friends.  It is interesting how Riordan has added Roman legends to the mix.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|Being a fan of Doctor Who I wanted a Sonic Screwdriver of my own to \\"Sonic\\" things around me.  I was a bit nervous in purchasing this item, not knowing what to expect.  I am very pleased with the quality of this Screwdriver, it has the great iconic sound and lights, a must for Whovians.
0439023521|4.0|This if not the type of book I usually gravitate to but I did like it.   It is a quick easy read.
B001NESPHC|4.0|If you love blues type Jazz this is for you.  Smooth, easy listening but fun as well.  I really enjoyed the CD and her sound!
0553801473|3.0|...was the note on the last page of my edition that said it was typeset in Electra!<br /><br />OK, that's way, way, way, too harsh.  In actuality this wasn't the disaster that some people have made it out to be.  But it sadly has to be said that once more there was more frustration than satisfaction with this latest instalment of \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\".  Frustration that because we had to wait so long for this book we believed that the time it was taking would lead to a better book and in actuality we got something that was just mediocre.<br /><br />I came to this series when I was between Book 7 and 8 of the Robert Jordan series \\"Wheel of Time\\" and despairing of it.  At that point I described ASOIAF like a blazing star burning brightly as opposed to WOT which had started out as a blazing star but had eventually become a black hole collapsing under the weight of its myriad characters.  I was astounded by the way Martin could move us forward days or weeks at a time simply by shifting from one character to another and ensuring that if anything of importance had happened in the intervening time it would be presented to us in a quick and efficient manner.  However it would now seem that ASOIAF is following the same path as any blazing star in that it would seem that the black hole is an inevitability.<br /><br />PLEASE NOTE:  There are SPOILERS after this point so be warned if you haven't read the book.<br /><br />\\"Dragons\\" falls into the same trap as \\"Crows\\".  In \\"Crows\\" we had chapter after chapter of Brienne moving around the Westeros.  A story that would have taken two chapters in an earlier book actually here took up the entire book.  Here the characters are different but the process is the same.  Of the main characters in the book Tyrion spends chapter after chapter travelling but never reaching his destination (in the true sense as opposed to the physical sense).  Jon's arc is more frustrating because he spends chapter after chapter planning something only to toss it all away for no real reason.  Daenerys is the most annoying as she spends chapter after chapter retreating from the strong character she had become into a weak and indecisive (and boring) character.<br /><br />For the books secondary characters the story does move them forward but we could have had far more development if the main characters stories had been pruned considerably.  Some of the other smaller parts are interesting but there is no uniformity in that either.  For example we get one character who is introduced and dispatched in the book and does only one thing of note and this could have been achieved without the need for the character.  And we get a completely new character who could be a game changer without any warning.  That I think was possibly the thing I hated most in the book.<br /><br />I'm hoping that in these two books Martin has resolved the problems that he faced at the end of Book 3.  He has said that he feels that his hand was forced in this direction and I think that his frustration with that has shown through in these two books.<br /><br />But he needs to see what made the first three books so popular and the last two so disappointing for readers rather than simply dismiss them as trolls or whiners.  To finish on my earlier analogy Martin needs to know that most of us are disappointed because we want to see the blazing star not the black hole.
B003L77FYS|5.0|The third season is the best so far of this series. I'm hooked on this series and will continue as an avid fan.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|What the freak is this?! This is the worst album ever made! What has happen to this band, they have gone to #$%&.
B004QZ9PLU|3.0|I don't know why I keep paying top dollar for Sparks' books. I wanted so much to love this book even tho' I knew someone would die in the end. It's just part of all of his books. It's an okay story...although not all together believable. Dawson is likeable but unbelieveable. Amanda is annoying and you want to slap her indecision. Turk is one of those people you wish really existed. The two hillbillies are just bad characters for any book. Amanda's mother is about the most believeable character in the book. A snob from the get-go. I would like to applaud Sparks for mentioning the Duke University Pediatric Cancer Hospital and making it an important part of the story. It is an amazing hospital and has amazing doctors, nurses, and staff.
0525423656|3.0|When reading books that are sequels, I like there to be at least a little bit of a back story to remind me of what happened in the first book.  I read a lot and for some reason, I have a hard time remembering plots of books I read more than a couple of months ago.  Unfortunately, Crossed didn't really tell us what happened in the previous book, Matched, so I felt like I was lost for a lot of the book.  I don't like feeling confused, and as a result, I don't think I really connected with the book.       This book was also way to political for me.  I thought I had remembered Matched as being more of a love story, with a love triangle of Cassia with Xander and Ky.  And while that is still slightly there, this is more about escaping Society to try to join the Rising.  And it was about the escape.  Honestly, I found it quite boring.  I like books that are more character based instead of action based.  And this book definitely wasn't character based.  Although, there wasn't all that much action either.  I dunno.  I just couldn't get into the book.  There is a third book (this is a trilogy) and I'll pick it up to see what happens to Cassia, Ky, and Xander, but its not like I'm dying to read it.  Oh well.
B00021HBGS|5.0|I bought these for my son when he turned 2.  Six months later, they are still a favorite bath time toy.  They still look brand new and the fact that they easily dry in the mesh bag provided is another plus.  I would definitely buy this again if I was looking for a gift for a 2 year old boy.
B005CM9DX6|5.0|Consider this to be the album that will divide Opeth fans for many years to come. Some will welcome the change with open arms, while others plea to Mikael to go back to the era of Blackwater Park or Still Life. One thing that has always fascinated me about Opeth is always the need for progress or evolution within their music. We must admit: If Mikael would've been content with the style, we would've never have had Blackwater Park or Ghost Reveries. It's the drive to move on that has allowed Opeth to mature and change time after time. It's remarkable to hear Orchid and Heritage and believe that this is the same band. At its heart, Heritage is an Opeth album. That's just the perfect way to describe this album:  It's an Opeth album.<br /><br />It will move you and, dare I say it, challenge you to appreciate the complexities within. he brilliance of Heritage isn't about the blast beats, the melodic solos, the death growls like previous albums. It's the subtle things that Mikael incorporates in each of these songs. For instance, Nepenthe is a clear example of what I mean. Throughout its simple melodies and clever hook, the great musicianship throughout this piece makes it a wonder to listen to. This is present throughout the whole album. Heritage's musicianship won't be appreciated by most because it's a complete transition in style for most. For me, I've learned to accept that this is Mikael Akerfeldt's band.  We have to ride with wherever he decides to take us. Others will not get it. Other will. However, if you ask Mikael, I'm sure he's content with the final product, and that's what matters most. If there's anything we can't accuse Heritage of being is uninspired. This album is made with a tremendous amount of heart and ambition. It's almost too ambitious to a fault....some would say. I can appreciate Akerfeldt's love for music, metal or not. This will be a question you will have to ask yourself: Are you a fan of Opeth or are you a fan of heavy metal Opeth? Clearly Heritage challenges its listener with that question.<br /><br />So let's get to basics...what does this album sound like. If I had to compare it to Opeth's previous works(if you insist), I'd say it's a crossover between Watershed and Damnation.  If you loved both albums, chances are this album has something for you. I truly believe this album will be the true Watershed in this bands career. It's a focal point or an important chapter in this legendary  band's career.  If you're disappointed with Heritage, I implore you to revisit it in the future. This album just gets better with multiple hearings. After 9 straight great albums, I think Opeth deserves that much from its fans.<br /><br />Bottomline:  Beautiful, dark, and complex, i'm calling this, along with Steven Wilson's Grace for Drowning one of the best albums of 2011.
B003INBOEM|4.0|This is a fantastic movie and blu-ray.  However, there is a lot of visual noise, especially in the dark parts of the movie.  Not much different from the DVD release, frankly.<br /><br />Donnie Yen is in great form here.  Somewhat restrained in his portrayal of Master Ip, he nevertheless displays a great range in both his acting and in his fighting.  Top notch film.<br /><br />...do not watch with anyone Japanese.  Tends to get awkward.
B00005N6KG|3.0|I bought this to replace the Radio Shack Optimus folding headphones (which I can no longer seem to find) which I'd used for the past dozen years. While these Sony headphones are inexpensive, the sound is thin in comparison. The Optimus had more clarity, better bass and more depth of sound. So, not a bad set of headphones for the price, but not as good as I was hoping.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Excellent set, picture is phenomenal, as well as audio.  Menus are a bit of a letdown, but many many extras.  Movies themselves... everyone's seen them.  This is the version to get.
0525423656|3.0|I felt that Crossed lacked a lot of the love, passion and excitement of first love that was so felt in Matched. I understand that in Crossed, the plot was more of an adventure but even when Cassia and Ky were together, the energy between them was forced. From the book description it seemed that Xander would play a bigger role but he was a blip on the radar. The Society is still mysterious, as well as the Rising. I was hoping to find out about more of both in this book but there are still so many questions unanswered, which maybe is the point, but still. The ending feels like it just slowly fell of a cliff, not even an abrupt, heart-pounding stop but a slow free-fall that left you asking why. I really hope the third book packs more of a punch in terms of character development, adventure and shows the true colors of the Society and the Rising.
B004ZQRJFO|4.0|Beats are a bit rote and hackneyed, and content is nothing new.  However, the technical skill in the way this record is produced and the way each verse is structured is very admirable.  Both rappers have styles that complement each other.  Definitely worth buying deluxe edition, as the bonus tracks are very catchy with fun verses and beats.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I think I'm over Nicholas Sparks, I haven't like the last two books or maybe I only like them if I get them from the library and I'm not paying $12 for them.    I was about 1/3 of the way through and I told my husband the ending...and I was pretty close to what happened.  I read it over a week when I usually finish a book right away.  I'm sad to say I wont be buying anymore Sparks books.
B005LAJ16I|5.0|From the opening scenes this has been intigueing,splendidly acted thriller.Has never wavered in involving the viewer,storyline excellent,characters real,everone authentic in the casting,interest hasn't waned for a second,cant wait for next eposide.Gsail Australia
B004V6BQ3O|5.0|I was having trouble shooting HD Video with my Nikon D7000 Digital SLR Camera because of the location of the built-in microphone.  As a left hander I tended to put my finger right on the location of the microphone in the camera body.  Also the sound was not as clear as it should be even when I kept my fingers out of there.  Now with the ME-1 Stereo Microphone there is a huge improvement in the sound and I have no finger problems.  It did very well picking up the sound of a marching band from the stands at a football game.  I recommend it for those who like to shoot video with their Digital SLR cameras.
0393338827|5.0|Michael Lewis comes through again with his very readable and engaging account of the 2008 financial meltdown, \\"The Big Short\\".  This time, the material is much more complex than the topics that he dealt with in earlier books.  It's not easy understanding the nuances of CDO's and CDS's, which were the key instruments used by participants in the market for subprime mortgages.  But Lewis's point is that you shouldn't feel bad if you don't understand these products.  After all, even Wall Street CEO's had no clue about the risks inherent in these exotic derivatives, which had made so much money for their firms before the collapse in 2008.<br /><br />\\"The Big Short\\" is enjoyable because Lewis humanizes the events that he describes.  The Doomsday Machine isn't science fiction, nor a computer, as the name may suggest.  Rather, it's Wall Street run amok -- bankers and bond traders making millions for themselves by packaging and selling ever more complex securities based on mortgages which were destined to default.  The process enriches its participants for many years, but eventually collapses leaving the US taxpayer to pick up the pieces.<br /><br />On the other side of the trade are a handful of investors who recognized that the leverage being created would ultimately come crashing down.  A trio of hedge funds -- Scion Capital, Cornwall Capital and FrontPoint Partners -- got it, and made a killing betting against the system.  The perspectives shared by the principals of these firms are a highlight of this book.<br /><br />The book's afterword describes a quaint lunch-time get-together that Michael Lewis had with John Gutfreund, the villain of \\"Liar's Poker\\".  Lewis tries to connect the dots, describing how Gutfreund's successful efforts to take Salomon Brothers public in the 1980s led to Wall Street's misalignment of incentives and short-term thinking, which underpinned the great subprime meltdown in 2008.  It's a bit of a stretch.  Rather, these events are simply two chapters in the ongoing saga of greed and corruption that has always existed on Wall Street.  There will certainly be many more stories like this in the years ahead.ed and corruption that has always existed on Wall Street.  There will certainly be many more stories like this in the years ahead.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|WOW. Really. You can try to compare this to past E,good bad or indifferent. Bottom line,is this is a stand alone powerful composition. Bordering on redundant but diversifying just in time. Well produced,and it's about time to let the band share some front time. This recording breaks them off the typical Within Temptation stereotypical sound and shows how good they really are. Well done. I hope we don't have to wait so long for the next evolution!
B002N4DZ26|5.0|The superlative singing of the creamy voiced soprano Janowitz is reason enough, but with the rest of the cast and Klemperer conducting, it is a dream production which produces outstanding performances, in EMI premium sound that glows and sparkles. I just love this opera. I alternate between this recording, Abbado's modern live production with the Mahler Orchestra and Jacob's period instrument marvel with little known but fabulous singers. Each is a marvel but this possibly trumps all. You know when there is a piece of music that will reduce you to tears, and you're not one to do this readily. Well Janowitz does this for me, in the same way as Pavarotti and Freni do it in their duet in the La Boheme recording with Karajan. Get this, it is cheap and will convert you to opera, let alone to the performers.
1451648537|5.0|I didn't know much about Steve Jobs before I read this book.  I enjoyed getting to know him, the good as well as the bad.  Walter Isaacson, wrote a wonderful book about this man and his life.  The book feels open, honest and interesting.  Even knowing in advance that Steve loses his battle with cancer still brought me to tears.  I feel bad for his family, his company and the rest of the world. I loved the easy story telling and the truth in facts.  No BS here.  I recommend this book highly.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|Once again, Sparks delivers.  What a wonderful story about two opposite people falling in love.  This book brought me back to my younger days when love was new and exciting.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and recommend it to anyone who is a Sparks fan!
B000PC6A3E|5.0|The disc came from Amazon quickly, Good packaging. Excellent movie, recommned to everybody. I am very pleased with the order I placed.
B004EPZ084|5.0|Horrible Bosses is one of the funniest movies I have seen recently. The all-star cast was hilarious. There is a bit of raunch here and there (keep the kids out of the room)but the story and the characters are great. I would recommend people see this - very good.
1933633867|5.0|Because debt is so central to our current financial crisis, taking a step back to think about what debt is and how it has emerged differently in different cultures and different times is incredibly enlightening.  Debt: the First 5000 Years is well-written with lots of interesting anthropological stories that make the story flow.  The digressions are a bit long at times, but always interesting. And you come away from the book with a much richer understanding of concept of debt.
0446547654|5.0|I love Nicholas Sparks and yet again he did not dissapoint! This book grabbed at my heart and did not let go. I always find myself wanting more. Can not wait for this to come alive in the theater!
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|When I first heard this album it did take me back a little, as I felt is was very different from Endgame (yet all albums should sound different). The album to me takes a back gear in speed, yet it is heavier than Endgame and the melodies are more creative in different ways. I thoroughly enjoyed most of the album, there are a couple of songs that I haven't opened to, but overall the album is great. Megadeth are back and forever are the best metal band of all time.
B003L77G6A|5.0|The Big Bang Series has not failed to entertain me. First season was pretty good. Second season was even better, but they started to include sexual jokes (cause I guess that's what draws the audience) and now there's even a little drama in it. But overall, love love love this show!
0307887960|5.0|I had low expectations of losing some pounds but I will try hard follow up this book.  The book is simple and easy to understand even if you never tried any diet before. Have recommended it to my friends and family! Best buy I made so far...
B005D4Y4H8|5.0|...would not be enough for this extraordinary treasure trove of intelligence and beauty. You get to see Gould in real time, talking at length about the music that meant everything to him -- not just Bach and Schoenberg, but Richard Strauss. Mahler, Shostakovich, Prokofiev, and Beethoven, among others. These are complete programs, so you get to marvel not only at the transcendent performances but at the ease with which Gould enters into, say, a Bach fugue, whether for a few measures or for the entire piece, and then reemerges to deliver some extraordinary insight in a mannered but impeccable spoken prose... This set is the bargain of the century at the present amazon price ($72.99) but even if it goes back up to list price the decision to buy this would be a no-brainer. Wow.
B0001WTUH6|2.0|I am sorry this could have been a movie that had potential. It just got worse! Vampire and guns just don't seem to mix!!
B0044XV3R8|5.0|It was everything I was looking for. Quick shipment.I enjoy every part and all the additional features. Great Price! This makes an excellent addition to my collection.
B0001WGDX0|5.0|I love the CD! I've always liked the Vienna Philharmonic and the way it sounds like one musical instrument, and Bernstein directing Beethoven symphonies is a treat. what an amazing conductor! I can't wait to get my hands on the DVD as well!
B00338QENI|2.0|The story demonstrates that a lack of education can cripple a family for generations and in turn, affects us all.  The author shows us a medical profession that does what it pleases.  It takes a patient's blood or other body bit and there seems to be no regard for the patient. True, studies and research for cures where there is no cure now, is supposed to be the point. Not always the case -- money wins over dedication.  The information explained in this book is not something that happened during victorian times.  It is much to current and I am not convinced still at a crisis stage.  The courts DO NOT have the individuals best interest at heart and the laws in place to protect us today, are just waiting for the big moment when we find out no one is monitoring with little more than a passing glance. I found the book slow and to stall at times with 'go nowhere' family interviews.  This book is worth the read but, don't be fooled that it will leave you yearning for another book by this author.  I applaud the effort to reveal an injustice and I appreciate the fact that the family of Henrietta Lack seemed incapable of communicating or focusing on thier own matters.  It seems they could/can not get out of their own way to help themselves. This is sad and the book never offers hope that a change will be seen.
B005CMSDKA|3.0|While packed with \\"yeah, right!\\" and \\"gimme a break\\" moments, I was pretty entertained by Hanna.<br /><br />We find young Hanna seemingly in training to be some kind of assassin. And it's clear from the start that Hanna has some extraordinary abilities for a tonnage girl. Hanna is just dying to finish her training and get out on \\"her mission.\\" And indeed her mission turns out to be a whole lotta whoop-aze for those that come between her and her final target.<br /><br />Good action and good fight scenes are balanced by a predictable if not downright familiar storyline and only fair at best acting (with the exception of Saoirse Ronan who played Hanna quite well).<br /><br />No need to rush Hanna into your viewing queue. It is a fun ride once you're on it, but waiting until Hanna comes to cable will be a better idea unless you've got absolutely nothing else with a 3+ star average rating lined up.
B005M2A4DE|5.0|Series Six had some notably strong episodes, chief among them the opening two-part story \\"The Impossible Astronaught\\" and \\"Day of the Moon\\" which set up the arc for the remainder of the series. There are plenty of laughs, twists and turns and few tear jerking moments tossed in for good measure. In addition, \\"The Doctor's Wife\\" is quite possibly one of the best stand alone episodes produced since the show was re-introduced to our screens back in 2005. \\"Doctor Who\\" continues to delight and entertain, leaving most fans of the show wanting more and, quite probably, giving newcomers many reasons to travel back and visit other incarnations our favorite Timelord.
B0002TJGQS|4.0|Bought these a year ago. The only item that I own that uses these batteries is my weight scale in the bathroom. I bought this because it was cheap and I'd have 5 batteries to use.<br /><br />I replaced my original battery on my scale a year ago and I have not had to change the battery since. So for a scale (that is used maybe 4 times a week) it is long-lasting.<br /><br />I like them and I'd recommend them.
1577314808|5.0|This is a great book, a must have. I tried the audio book at first, but I needed to buy the paperback for quoting and this book is perfect. No doubts, buy it now.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|WOW shipping was incredibly fast! I started watching this film at my friend's house but I did not see the completion of it. Now that I have my own copy I can watch it over again. Great action movie.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|OK, I've just unboxed the Eagle Eye for the PS3 and played Killzone 3 and the Battlefield 1943 demo, and it has worked quite well, I don't have much to complaint about; mostly praise.  I would have to say that the Eagle Eye setup procedure and configuration requires you to be patient and observant. Most of the installation procedures, including the driver, are non-standard Windows procedures, but if you follow the indications as in the manual, you'll be all set in a few minutes. I would say that Eagle Eye is a product for mature PC-gaming enthusiasts who want to take their PC experience and expertise to their PS3 gaming, so be patient with the setup procedure, do your homework, and you will be enjoying the benefits of this device pretty soon.   My purchase decision in favor of the Eagle Eye came from three directions: first, customization: both the open-ended profiling software and the flexible calibration routines from the firmware make it a swiss-army knife that may allow you to get exactly the results you want, and the games you play on will never know what hit them. Second, the ability to connect mice and keyboards of your choice (given they are compatible), so you won't have to settle with a fixed keyboard/mouse product. And third, the community and company support. Heck, even the firmware upgrade procedure is provided by a contributor!  The firmware upgrade (2.0 to 3.0) was a little bit strange, but following the indications was straight forward and it worked like a charm. It is really weird to connect a USB device before installing the drivers, and the procedure yells \\"we don't give for MS best practices!\\" all over the place, and you know what? I don't care either. Just follow the directions.  I hooked up a brand-new PLU M197 Tenkeyless CherryMX-Brown mechanical keyboard I just got from HongKong, and it works just fine. The mouse, well, I happen to have a Logitech 518 gaming mouse, with two great advantages: it doesn't have too many buttons, but they are allrecognized by the EE, and it has variable DPI settings, accessible from dedicated buttons on the mouse. So, under the Battlefield 1943 Demo, which I just got, just to test the EE, I'm able to switch to high-sensitivity mode when I get on the tank and get that turret spinning real fast; a great tactical advantage, just as on the PC.  The first game I calibrated was Killzone3, and it took me a bit to get the right keyboard/mouse mapping and game sensitivity setting, but that's just me. As soon as I felt comfortable killing Veteran bots on the Botzone, I jumped into a Multiplayer Guerrilla game and it was all great, finding myself surprised to instinctively bring back some cool moves from my PC gaming. I've got the PS Move/Sharpshooter, and I can say that the game plays just as well, or maybe even better on the keyboard/mouse than with the Sharpshooter. Now I'm really pissed I got this toygun which was quite expensive to set up, and that I didn't find out about the EagleEye earlier. The big problem with the SharpShooter right now is developer adoption (Dice didn't care a bit about supporting it for BF3, damn!), and now I think that the EagleEye will probably continue to work with most, if not all of the FPSs that I throw at it, without compatibility worries. So I think that the sad news is that all that Move hardware is going to start picking up dust, starting today.  Anyways, back with the tests, after trying Killzone 3, I launched Battlefield 1943, and it played even better. It is a slower game, with huge, open spaces, and so it is a game with less violent moves (just one or two from time to time); it's basicly a game where you've got to think more and plan better your approaches to the battle. So it's a less demanding game than KZ3, and the EE drove the game without much incident, except with what I think would be my request to the EagleEye firmware/editor development team:  My only request for the next firmware/editor would be the ability to assign several Mouse/Keyboard events to the same DualShock output; this would be useful for multi-mode games such as Battlefield, where your control scheme changes depending on the vehicle you are riding. So, on foot in BF1943, triangle is used both to change weapon as a soldier and as a secondary weapon on the tank. Now, I'm used to having StrollUp to change weapons across all of my games (thank god for EagleEdit), but the problem is that for BF1943, I have to map ScrollUp to Triangle if I want to have that as usual, but then to fire the machinegun when inside the tank, it is not comfortable (nor \\"productive\\") to try to fire it with ScrollUp. So, If I could map for example, both ScrollUp AND say, letter X to both send Triangle, I would be done. That's my only observation to a very good product you have here.  My success with the EE was going to determine if I would get BF3 for the PS3 (cheap) or upgrade my computer to play it there (expensive). My veredict is to get BF3 for my PS3, since I've been playing quite well with the EagleEye and BF1943 and KZ3, no problem, good frags, and that's what matters; it's the value that the EE gives to us, their users.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|Everything from shipping, packaging and quality are top.  The price is great also.  The picture is so clear and so wonderful.  You can always be assured everything is going to be great when you order directly through Amazon.com. BUT THIS IS ONLY ABOUT MY RECENT PURCHASE ---- PLEASE READ ON..... This is a company I am so thankful for - from not only TV and movies - but to great appliances, clothes and electronics.  They stand behind EVERYTHING they sell.  I am disabled and unable to shop out anymore which is a major change for me in my life that happened within only seconds of an auto accident.  This being said, Amazon.com, has not only shown me that I can still choose great products and never worry - but still feel in charge of purchasing great things for my family and taking a great part of taking care of them.  So, see Amazon.com, you are more than just an internet shopping place.  Your confidentiality, trustworthiness and care speak to much higher levels!!!  Katie Sale
B0058VW36U|5.0|this is an awesome game that will keep you entertained with unique puzzles that will challenge you, but not give you a headache... i highly recommend it!
1597801585|1.0|I started out excited to read The Windup Girl but it failed to deliver. I kept reading hoping something was about to happen and after 200 pages some minor action began. The story is poorly written with many holes in the plot. Also, the author uses words either from another language or made up without any explanation or hint of their meaning, leaving you struggling to understand many parts of the story. It was a chore to not give up on this book, there was so little back story for characters; I did like how the story sounded from the description on the back cover. If this book had been written by someone with more style it may have been a very entertaining read, but as it is, I would not suggest this book to anyone.
0307477479|3.0|This is a well written book and allot of my book club enjoyed the way the book is organized. For me, it was very hard work to keep the characters straight. It would have helped me if I had taken notes as I read each chapter.   I just don't want to work that hard when I read for pleasure. It is certainly a modern take on young people and I did like some of the characters...Sasha being one. It could be an \\"either you like it or hate it it\\" type read. I didn't like it.
1451648537|5.0|The book was well written and it made me feel like i was around steve jobs all these years. I am really sad that he died and the world lost a jewel! :( I bought the kindle version.
B0058WFO06|5.0|Five stars isn't enough for this 2-disc album.  Steven Wilson is definitely one of the most influential composers of our time.  The composition and execution is prodigiously SUPERB.  Wilson's team of musicians for this album is simply MAGNIFICENT.  You'll easily make out the wizardry of Jordan Rudess, among other superior musicians like Steve Hackett, Tony Levin, etc.  Steven's unique rhythm/mood changes (present in Porcupine Tree albums too), with subtle combinations of rock-jazz-metal-classic-psychedelic-progressive styles make this album a MUST in ANY collection.  You won't be disappointed, I DEFINITELY recommend it.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|Rome is quite possible the Best Show on TV and to  cut it to Two seasons was a real mistake it had it all Sex Violence the lot if you ask me Spartacus was molded around these two series .Why oh why they didn't stretch it out for another series or two only they will know
B0058A119G|4.0|Don't get me wrong. Streisand is my goddess of song. But several of these cuts sound like legacies from the 70s and 80s like \\"Evergreen\\" and \\"The Way We Were.\\" I was expecting new recordings.
B0049M7BDE|5.0|As well as being a great movie, it arrived a day early and in perfect shape and packaging.  As always I will be loyal to amazon especially considering they are significantly less expensive than anywhere.
B0016K40KY|4.0|To those looking for a BluRay Release...this isn't it. Although it says BluRay next to the film title, someone at amazon is guilty of false advertising.
B0051UP5NQ|4.0|OfficeSuite does a geat job of automatically connecting to your Google accounts and syncing the documents between your device and the Google Docs platform. On my ASUS TF101-B Transformer, the app looks great. It's all well laid out, and cleary some thought went into the convenience ofthe interface design.  I understand that this is a mobile solution, but I subtracted one star for a minor complaint in the Excel portion of the app. I have spreadsheets with thousands of rows. THey run just fine, but the filtering option i mising on OfficeSuite. Column sorting saves me monstrous ammounts of time in scrolling. Please add this feature!
B004GYNPL2|4.0|This app does exactly what I wanted. I wanted a secure way to keep passwords on my phone. I do no export or use the internet with this app. I use it on my phonecas standalone protection.  For that its the best application I have found. 4 stars because there is no change log. I want to know what the update is for.
B00003CX95|5.0|Just got a DVD of this movie from Amazon. Just remembered this film, looked it up and ordered it thru Amazon Prime. This is a classic movie and Mel Gibson did the character well. This was a good look back when battles were fought hand-to-hand.
B005IS565S|5.0|Best album to come out of 2011! \\"Under and Over It\\" and \\"The Pride\\" are my favorite tracks, but they're all worthy of the #1 spot because of their originality and the uniqueness of the Five Finger Death Punch sound. They're in a genre all their own with this album! If you're a Knucklehead or want to hear something original and relevant to American Capitalism today, this album is for you!!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|The new Ultraviolet Digital Copy that some of the studios are pushing is garbage.  It doesn't work with iTunes, you have to download their special software to play the movie, and if you use a iOS device you can't just put the digital copy on your iPhone/iPad.  You have to stream it.  If you want a true digital copy you'll have to go through iTunes and buy it yourself.  Please don't support this new format by purchasing this version.  Especially if you are an iTunes user.
B000A0GYD2|5.0|Was looking to add this to my video collection and the videos work great into my astronomy class. Would recommend to reinforce topics on missions to the moon for struggling students.
B005O30Y5Y|1.0|I will not support Ultra-violet! Great movie, LOUSY \\"digital\\" copy. Clearly, the movie companies do not care about what we want. We need to make them care by not buying into this awful, new format.
B000HEWEE4|5.0|We especially like time travel motion pictures. This one is more fun with each watch. I like to sleep to a movie. This is often the one I put on. Analyzing it can be a real mind bender.
B004ZNARH4|5.0|This is a pretty lavish and complete set.  It's all listed in the description, so I won't re-list it all here.  You get DSOTM in about every different way possible: stereo as well as all different kinds of surround sound.  The unreleased recordings are nice, but may are nothing new to hardcore Floyd bootleg collectors, but these are all clean, soundboard recording.  Very nice material.  The demos and alternate mix give you a nice look at the progression of the work.  I'm not sure the album would have been as good or successful with the original mix, but that's a matter of opinion.  The included books are nicely done, high quality works.  I haven't unpackaged the coasters, and probably won't.  If comes with some cool marbles for people who collect that sort of thing!  The only thing I wish were included:  The old mix with the overdubs shown being recorded on \\"Live at Pompeii\\"  I was really hoping that was in there.  I have several other copies of DSOTM (Original LP, MFSL Gold CD, 25th Anniversary CD and now this.  If it weren't for the additional features, I wouldn't have purchased it.  Definitely worth the money.  Of course, Amazon delivered it quickly and in good order!
B0054SMIH6|4.0|Really nice adaptation from Connolly's book.  Well made, good pacing and good to strong supporting performances from Ryan Phillipe, Marisa Tomei and Josh Lucas.  Good early reveal, which I won't ruin, but it keeps you wondering how McConaughey's slick but likable lawyer is going to figure his way out. McConaughey is a defense attorney who has grown too used to defending \\"innocent\\" men when he stumbles upon a case that seems to reveal that he may have let an innocent man go to jail for a crime he didn't commit.  Not sure how this did in the theaters but it is really a good flick with satisfying payoff.
0783240287|5.0|the story being told.  The actors are pretty good and they can definitely sing.  The biggest reason I purchased this DVD is the singing.
B005DD7H50|4.0|Can't say I love Bradly Cooper but the chicks sure do dig em.  Wasn't very excited by this but I have to admit is was one of maybe a handful of films this year that you didn't walk out of wishing you had your money and time back.  Fun, fast paced film about a super pill which unlocks your inner genius.  Big Bad corporations are fighting to get a hold of this wonder drug even with some depressing side affects (death!).  Cooper is fun, quick witted and carries the film.  Good performance from DeNiro but only slightly more than a cameo.  Good Friday night movie...
B000784WMW|5.0|I highly recommend this version of Jane Eyre. It's the closest to the book so it will make sense and is so superbly acted. Why wait!?
B0053ZOQMK|5.0|Wow.  That was surprisingly good!  Though I love the look of digital animation, I usually don't like digitally animated films because they tend to be too manic and bend the laws of physics so greatly that I can't relate to the created universe.  Rango, however, had the look and feel of a pensive Western...with some Depp-esk kookiness thrown in.  Allusions to Western motifs and level of dramatic gravity will please adults still in touch with their twelve-year old selves.  Rango stuck to the dusty period Western look and feel throughout.  Direction and composition of shots were beautiful as well as the animation of expression on the different animal's faces.  I think this one's going on my favorites list.
B0053YGYO4|1.0|Even if this was a great Coldplay album, no one would know.    The mastering is literally painful.    MP3, CD, or Vinyl; it doesn't matter.  This album hurts the ears.    I like sad, soulful Coldplay and I like cheesy pop Coldplay, but I am withholding my review until a remastered copy comes out.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I simply adore lost, so I made sure to purchase all 6 seasons. This was the final piece, and it was fantastic, so powerful. If you haven't seen lost, DO SO!.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I usually have 6-8 alarms set for events during the week. Works great - very dependable. One of my most used apps.
B004FJJGBG|5.0|My first shipment was lost in the mail.  They sent a replacement ASAP.  Thanks for quickly sending the item out again.
B003XRELGQ|5.0|Vonnegut's book is packed with irony, humor and the absurd. He invents a new religion - based on lies (very convincing). So far my favourite Vonnegut
0553382152|5.0|Very good, thought provoking.  I was very into this description of the other levels of our spiritual existence on all plains. I have always believed this is only a temporary life and there had to be more, or I am disappointed.  The book in my opinion does not contradict christian believes.  I enjoyed the book and re-read several parts to better understand or digest the concept.
B000QUEQBS|5.0|Military Action Sniping Conspiracy Thrill Realistic. Great story line and visuals. DEFINITELY worth watching! One of my all time favorites.
B005DZ35RC|5.0|Compared to the original... it's a good remake. Don't know if it's necessarily better but I do prefer it. It is simply an awesome classic and best of all, you can watch it with the family! The best part of the movie is when you get to see what goes on inside Willy Wonka's mysterious factory; it's just awesome!
0345479092|4.0|Although I read the whole book, I admit that I can't remember all the details because I was lacking sleep for a long time. However, I used this book as a reference and constantly skimmed the sections that applied to me.<br /><br />Her E.A.S.Y. (Eat, Activity, Sleep, You) method was more appealing and seemed more reasonable/attainable than the other books that I'm read. In the end, this book overall helped me get my nighttime sleep back.<br /><br />I saw an immediate change everyday:<br />-1st day: baby slept at 3am as she was doing for the past 2wks<br />-2nd day: at 2am<br />-3rd day: at 2am<br />-4th day: at 1am<br />-5th day: at 1am<br />-6th day: at 11pm<br />-7th day: at 10pm<br /><br />Its been 2 weeks and I only see more patterns and improvements. Hopefully, this success will continue. I'm just ecstatic for finally having sleep for 2wks after 3months of sleepless torture!<br /><br />The book's tips that helped me:<br />-following her EASY chart journal. i used a college-ruled spiral notebook and drew a bunch of columns and rows. You can use an Excel worksheet, but the notebook seemed to save more paper...<br />-reading my baby's body language<br />-less frequent feedings unless my baby was going through a growth spurts<br />-not allowing naps to be longer than a feeding time period<br />-a helpful chart in the book of how many total hours of naps and bed time according to age. What a lifesaver!<br />-For my baby, I had to extend her awake time to around 2-3hrs in order to minimize the # of naps, so she could save more of her sleeping at night. Her \\"robbing-Peter-to-pay-Paul\\" technique is common sense, but i needed this reassurance after problems with her \\"sleep-every-2hrs\\" advice.<br /><br />Other ideas from other sources (babycenter.com, other sleep books) also helped me as well in conjunction with this book.<br /><br />One idea from this book that didn't help me was:<br />-allow the baby to nap every 2hrs. This became problematic because my baby loved to nap and could nap all day long if I allowed her to. I had to stray from the Baby's Whisperer recommendation. So, napping every 2hrs was just too much napping, which still made my baby sleep at 3am!!!!<br />-put their baby to nap/bedtime before the baby is overtired. I understand why you're supposed to do this. I tried this. Strangely enough, it didn't work for my baby, but I expect this to work for other babies. Anyways, I had to keep my baby awake for 2-3 hours between her naps despite her tired, cranky cries. Disobeying this philosophy of overtiredness allowed my baby to have 3 naps each day and sleeping soundly through a night of 7+ hrs. I don't know how this works for my baby, but it does. I guess my baby is an exception.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br />-be consistent with the EASY journal<br />-avoid beginning this EASY method if you will be traveling/have guests over/other distractions in the coming couple of weeks. your success rate increases if you are diligent in the beginning.<br />-try all of her methods first for 2wks, if you don't see improvement, evaluate each method and consider not following one method at a time. Then, you might see if your baby could be an \\"exception\\" to a rule here or there.<br />-try to follow most of her methods. I suspect that most of her methods work for most babies, so don't hate this book if some of her methods don't work for your baby.<br /><br />At this time, here is her schedule:<br />7am: feed, diaper<br />7-8:30am: play<br />8:30-9am: settling down for nap<br />9-11am: nap<br />11am: feed, diaper<br />11-12:30pm: play<br />12:30-1pm: settling down for nap<br />1-3pm: nap<br />3pm: feed, diaper<br />3-4:30pm: play<br />4:30-5pm: settling down for nap<br />5-6pm: nap<br />6pm: feed, diaper<br />6-8pm: play<br />8pm: feed, diaper<br />8-8:30pm: settling down for bedtime<br />9pm-7am: sleep<br /><br />UPDATE 2-16-2012: My daughter is now 7.5 months old.<br /><br />Her daily schedule is:<br />7am: wake up, feed, change diaper, thenplay<br />8:30am-11am: naps<br />11am: feed, change diaper, play<br />1-2pm: sometimes a nap<br />2pm: feed, change diaper, play<br />3:30-5:30pm: nap<br />5:30pm: feed, change diaper, play<br />7:30pm: feed, change diaper<br />8-8:30pm: bedtime routine (books, cuddle, singing/swaying, put down into crib)<br />8:30pm-7am: sleep<br /><br />I no longer need to continue the E.A.S.Y. journal because this daily routine has become so accurate within 5 min variation. She hardly wakes up in the middle of the night. We might hear her cry occasionally, but she falls asleep within 5-10min if not sooner. If its any longer than 15-20 min (rare), I usually check on her, sing to her for 5 min, and then put her down while she's awake.<br /><br />This is my first child, so I don't know if she won't be able to sleep through the night in the future. But currently, everyone (Home Depot cashier, waitresses, my mother-in-law) thinks I'm lying when I say, \\"Um, yeah. She sleeps through the night.\\" Is my baby an anomaly?!?!?! Obviously, I'm no professional, but this is my experience!<br /><br />By the way, other things that helped me immensely: Graco white noise machine, Ferber book.<br /><br />UPDATE: 6-24-2012<br />Baby is now 1 year old and she stills sleeps through the night. Recently, she's had teeth erupt and her nap schedule has been changing. It has now stabilized.<br />Her current day schedule:<br />8:30-9am: Wake up, feed, change diaper<br />9am-12pm: Play, snack<br />12pm: Feed, diaper<br />1-3pm: Nap<br />3pm: Feed, diaper<br />3-6pm: Play, snack<br />6pm: Feed, diaper<br />6-8pm: Play, snack<br />8pm: Feed, diaper<br />9-9:30pm: bedtime<br />9:30-10pm: falling asleep or asleep<br />9:30pm-8:30am: sleep through the night!play<br />8:30am-11am: naps<br />11am: feed, change diaper, play<br />1-2pm: sometimes a nap<br />2pm: feed, change diaper, play<br />3:30-5:30pm: nap<br />5:30pm: feed, change diaper, play<br />7:30pm: feed, change diaper<br />8-8:30pm: bedtime routine (books, cuddle, singing/swaying, put down into crib)<br />8:30pm-7am: sleep<br /><br />I no longer need to continue the E.A.S.Y. journal because this daily routine has become so accurate within 5 min variation. She hardly wakes up in the middle of the night. We might hear her cry occasionally, but she falls asleep within 5-10min if not sooner. If its any longer than 15-20 min (rare), I usually check on her, sing to her for 5 min, and then put her down while she's awake.<br /><br />This is my first child, so I don't know if she won't be able to sleep through the night in the future. But currently, everyone (Home Depot cashier, waitresses, my mother-in-law) thinks I'm lying when I say, \\"Um, yeah. She sleeps through the night.\\" Is my baby an anomaly?!?!?! Obviously, I'm no professional, but this is my experience!<br /><br />By the way, other things that helped me immensely: Graco white noise machine, Ferber book.<br /><br />UPDATE: 6-24-2012<br />Baby is now 1 year old and she stills sleeps through the night. Recently, she's had teeth erupt and her nap schedule has been changing. It has now stabilized.<br />Her current day schedule:<br />8:30-9am: Wake up, feed, change diaper<br />9am-12pm: Play, snack<br />12pm: Feed, diaper<br />1-3pm: Nap<br />3pm: Feed, diaper<br />3-6pm: Play, snack<br />6pm: Feed, diaper<br />6-8pm: Play, snack<br />8pm: Feed, diaper<br />9-9:30pm: bedtime<br />9:30-10pm: falling asleep or asleep<br />9:30pm-8:30am: sleep through the night!
B004SRB2EY|4.0|This is a recording of Vivaldi's works for the 'prima donnas' in his oepras - the CONTRALTO.<br />French contralto Nathalie Stutzmann has been singing baroque repertoire and lieders for two decades and more, and is now also conductor of her own instrumental ensemble Orfeo 33, which is also featured in this recording made in 2010.<br />Why do I say I wish that the recordings were made earlier?<br />I must say that together with Sara Mingardo, Stutzmann owns a most beautiful contralto voice - rich, creamy, expressive with no trace of 'blackness' that may mar such low voices.<br />Here in this 2010 recording, Stutzmann maintains on the whole her colourfully express timbre for the various works, some of which are world premieres.<br />The only minor quibble (or not so minor for some listeners) is that so rare for Stutzmann, there are some discernible intonation problems in the more florid passages of several tracks that may denote a form of vocal degeneration of this wonderful contralto.<br />The recorded sound is of top quality, and Orfeo 33 plays with real committment under Stutzmann's baton.
B004SRPXWQ|4.0|someone first showed this on her iphone to my 3 kids when they started getting antsy while we waited forever at the military hosp. pharmacy. it kept them entertained and giggling the whole time. I just got a tablet and found it in android apps so im adding it for them. kids love the voice when it copies you.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|my hubby first discovered this when he got his nexus phone. added it for the kids but I think he plays it just as much. I added the angry birds seasons thru android apps to my tablet for them. they like it even better. great its free.
B0032JTV74|5.0|This product was bought for a Christmas present and has not been viewed as yet, but it is a much wanted item. I am sure he will enjoy it Christmas.
B000002OFG|4.0|Bought a bunch of Tom Petty CDs for my wife, as she is a big fan. It arrived in time and was in good shape, as advertised. Packaging was good and am quite happy with the purchase.
B00000IFWE|4.0|Bought a bunch of Tom Petty CDs for my wife, as she is a big fan. It arrived in time and was in good shape, just as advertised. Packaging was good and I am quite happy with the purchase. (she is happy, I am happy...).
B000002MUN|4.0|Bought a bunch of Tom Petty CDs for my wife, as she is a big fan. It arrived in time and was in good shape, just as advertised. Packaging was good and I am quite happy with the purchase. (she is happy, I am happy...).
B000006TRV|5.0|Bought a few Pink Floyd CD's for my wife, as she is a big fan. It arrived in time and was in good shape, just as advertised. Packaging was good and I am quite happy with the purchase. (she is happy, I am happy...).
B000002O5L|4.0|Bought a bunch of Tom Petty CDs for my wife, as she is a big fan. It arrived in time and was in good shape, just as advertised. Packaging was good and I am quite happy with the purchase. (she is happy, I am happy...).
B003Q6D25K|4.0|When Paranormal Activity came out I didn't buy the hype.  But when I finally did see it in theaters, it really did spook me.  What's surprising is how little \\"gotcha\\" moments there are in the film - the horror is in the viewer's head, the dread rising to unbearable levels as we wait for the screaming release.<br /><br />Paranormal Activity 2 (PA2) takes this bait-and-hook filmmaking style to a new level. Kristi (Sprague Grayden) and Dan Rey (Brian Boland) live in a posh California home, complete with stepdaughter Ali (Molly Ephraim), Abby the German Shepherd, and adorable son Hunter.  After a paranormal entity trashes the house the movie shifts to security footage of the interior and the exterior of the house. But it's what the cameras don't show that nags at you: a dog barking at something off camera, a child staring upwards at the ceiling, an open basement door.<br /><br />No PA film would be complete without the unbelieving idiot, and Dan takes the role of Micah from the first film.  When housekeeper and nanny Martine (Vivis Cortez) tries to cleanse the house of evil by \\"smudging,\\" Dan fires her.  It's only later that we realize this film takes place in the same universe as the first, when Kristi's doomed sister Katie (Katie Featherston) and Micah (Micah Sloat) appear in the film.<br /><br />Then your brain really begins to spin.  Since the events in the second film take place before the first, why are there no references to what happened in PA? Why are Kristi and Katie experiencing similar hauntings? And what the heck does the entity want with Hunter?<br /><br />Like the first film, Paranormal Activity revels in the things we fear most.  The horror is in the darkest part of the house (the attic in the first film, the basement in the second).  PA2 revolves around Hunter, the first boy born in generations to the family, which becomes a major plot point.  If this was just another haunting like the first installment, PA2 would be rather mundane, but fortunately it's much more than that - it is both a prequel and a sequel to the original, adding more material to the mythology that started the series.<br /><br />Character-wise, this film is weaker than the first .The father is irritatingly stubborn about his family's circumstances, and at times different characters disappear for stretches of time without explanation - Ali gets locked out of the house for over a half hour while the baby is inside sleeping but neither calls the police nor breaks a window; the housekeeper exits, enters, and mysteriously exits the plot; and Dan's sudden conversion to the supernatural beggars belief.  PA2's backstory detracts somewhat from the horror of the first movie, because it gives the paranormal a more coherent motivation. But then, this wouldn't be much of a franchise if it had nothing in common with the first installment.<br /><br />PA2 is most frightening for new parents.  Knowing that a child is at risk heightens parents' anxiety, literally demonizing our fear of child abductions.  But if you really want to be frightened, watch this film at home at night during a storm.  When the cable went out and our house alarm went off...let's just say it added to the suspense. We weren't able to finish watching the last fifteen minutes of the film until Halloween.prequel and a sequel to the original, adding more material to the mythology that started the series.  Character-wise, this film is weaker than the first .The father is irritatingly stubborn about his family's circumstances, and at times different characters disappear for stretches of time without explanation - Ali gets locked out of the house for over a half hour while the baby is inside sleeping but neither calls the police nor breaks a window; the housekeeper exits, enters, and mysteriously exits the plot; and Dan's sudden conversion to the supernatural beggars belief.  PA2's backstory detracts somewhat from the horror of the first movie, because it gives the paranormal a more coherent motivation. But then, this wouldn't be much of a franchise if it had nothing in common with the first installment.  PA2 is most frightening for new parents.  Knowing that a child is at risk heightens parents' anxiety, literally demonizing our fear of child abductions.  But if you really want to be frightened, watch this film at home at night during a storm.  When the cable went out and our house alarm went off...let's just say it added to the suspense. We weren't able to finish watching the last fifteen minutes of the film until Halloween.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|There are a few tracks on this album that are not great (e.g., \\"Stutter.\\" What were they thinking?). But others (e.g., misery, never gonna leave this bed) are quite good. If you really like Maroon 5, buy this album. But don't expect anything like their first album, Songs About Jane. Definitely the best.
B004SOR4H6|5.0|A very slick interface, with an obvious navigation method.  Easy to drill into a tweet, following links to videos and images seamlessly.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|This is an incredible record from Dave Mustaine. If you are a Megadeth fan you should buy this album immediately!!
0385342055|3.0|I have read all of the Shopaholic books and this one was pretty predictable and probably one of the worst. Becky is portrayed as such a dumb girl .. sad.
B005NPCJ88|5.0|Did you hear the one about the band that continues to kcick you in the teeth?  This album shreds beyond shredding. Ian Moody is a vocal GOD!
B0060V1WJ6|3.0|The title for this film is a solid choice: CRAZY, STUPID LOVE is. Thought he reviewers and the general public alike seem to rank this as one of the greatest films of the decade, for some other viewers this seems tired and trite and a faux showcase for some excellent actors to overcome a tawdry story. Writer Dan Fogelman (Cars, Cars 2,  Tangled,  Bolt, Fred Claus, etc) may be taking a step up form his previous work and that is a good sign, but when directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa have shown their sensitivity in the much maligned if not sadly ignored treasure 'I Love You, Philip Morris' it feels odd they should go for this script.<br /><br />Difficult to classify as a Romance or Comedy or Drama the film falls into the familiar category of a RomCom. Opening a film with an embarrassingly public announcement of a marriage dissolution over a wife's infidelity and dissatisfaction with her nerdy but good father/provider husband this story embraces about every situation about falling in and out of 'love' imaginable.  The idea of a monogamous clueless husband being 'changed' by a smooth talking, much bedded lothario isn't new nor is the 'finally met his match' idea fresh.  The manner in which the children of the couple respond with their own needs and damaged outlooks on relationships works OK, but the manner in which the in the process of divorcing couple work through their problems holds a mirror up to today's marriages.  The stories surround us in everyday life: the film merely magnifies them.<br /><br />It is always amazing when the marquee boasts the names of some of our more interesting actors as being involved: Julianne Moore, Ryan Gosling, Marisa Tomei, Kevin Bacon, et al deliver what they can.  The 'star' is Steve Carell according to the script, and you have to like the caricatures he creates to relate to him here.  There are some fine turns in cameos by Emma Stone, young Jonah Bobo, and Liz Lapira; when they are on screen the film lightens up. But in the end it is a two hour formulaic condensed television series type story.  And yet the Bravos form the audience must mean there is a craving for this type movie.  Grady Harp, November 11mulaic condensed television series type story.  And yet the Bravos form the audience must mean there is a craving for this type movie.  Grady Harp, November 11
B000EUDAWG|5.0|I bought this for my four year old nephew. He had a blast with it. I think my dog enjoyed it more though. My little lap dog was chasing it around the room and my nephew was laughing his head off.
B0062W3GRY|5.0|I hate tv. But I watch this show every week. The cast is perfect! Each character pulls you in. The writing is so unique and creative. Even if you are not into horror shows, you will enjoy this. Kudos.
B004W4N55C|3.0|AWESOME chords library and user interface. Being able to hear the chord is cool as well. The entire tools section crashes very frequently(samsung epic 4g). It doesnt crash the app entirely just kicks you back to the main menu. the tabs are the same as can be found online, any guitar player should know that those chords can occasionally be suspect. Has a really nice advanced search function.  This is in no way worth $8, even the handy tools and chords library can easily be obtained for free on the interweb.  Rated 3 stars for frequent force close issue, will improve rating if that changes
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|This app makes it simple to move and rename files on your phone. Syncing files to and from your phone without a cable is great. I love this app.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|Wonderful product! I use it with both my Bugaboo and my Graco snap n go and its great, it holds everything I need Pacifiers bottles ect and doesnt get in the way when I fold my carriage! also very easy to take on and off but still very secure, strong velcro.
B00371QQ0M|1.0|For fans of the worlds of Frank Herbert's \\"Dune\\" this is a sorry exercise and a total waste of film. Hopefully the 3 disc saga put to film by the Sci-Fi channel (directed by John Harrison) will get the full Blu-ray treatment. In the meantime I'll wait. Thanks but no thanks
0385738773|4.0|This book was a good end to the Maze Runner trilogy, but I didn't absolutely love it.  It definitely wasn't as good as the first book, but may have been better than the second.
B000WZAE1I|4.0|This is a great movie!  It has a good mix of all the essential elements, action, adventure, drama, comedy, romance, and fun.  I think the cast is amazing, and I absolutely love the soundtrack.  This is one of my favorite movies!
0446547654|4.0|I liked the book. Nicholas Sparks is a great writer and his books always keep my attention and interest. It is worth the purchase.
B005IQ597A|5.0|I just wanted to add information :<br /><br />180 gram vinyl<br />45 RPM on 2 LP Limited edition of 2500 numbered copies.<br />Mastered by Bernie Grundman from the Original Analog Master Tapes.<br />Pressed at RTI.<br /><br />now for the short review :<br />if you're looking at this and wondering if it's worth the money I just want to remind you that some limited edition Vinyls that were sold for 40-50$ few years ago are now sold in other places for crazy prices because they are out of stock.<br />another question is : is this version any better than the others ?<br />well, I know this album pretty good and listened to it on many versions (CD, VINYLS, SACD) and this version is the best sounding one.<br /><br />the sound is very warm and detailed but not too bright as with bad remastered albums.<br />all the instruments shine through the speakers and the notes are well defined...IMHO this version just gives this group of amazing musicians the respect they deserve.<br /><br />buy it, you won't regret.
B001PJ7TUE|5.0|From their raw debut on EXPERIENCE, to the punk metal of JILTED and their classic masterpiece FAT OF THE LAND, THE PRODIGY ruled the eletronic scene that emerge on the 90[s.... INVADERS MUST DIE is easilly their best stuff since their glory days, back on the 90[s with MUSIC FOR JILTED GENERATION and FAT OF THE LAND.... PRODIGY is the only eletronic band that i really like....with their eletronic sounds they mix a lot of heavy beats, guitars and bass......plus, MAXIM and Keef Flint are great singers for the PRODIGY EXPERIENCE!!!!!! REALLY GREAT!!!!! if you like HEAVY METAL and eletronic music, INVADERS MUST DIE may be a MASTERPIECE!!!!! all the songs rocks like OMEN, THUNDER, COLOURS, TAKE ME TO THE HOSPITAL and RUN WITH THE WOLVES!!!!!!!
B005AAVFDQ|5.0|DE VERDAD QUE ESTA EDICIÓN LIMITADA PARA LOS 20 AÑOS DE NEVERMIND ESTA DE LUJO. TODO EL CONTENIDO DE ESTE SUPER DELUXE ESTA PARA TENERLO YA, LOS QUE SON AMANTES DE NIRVANA COMO YO, SU PRECIO Y CALIDAD ES LO MÁXIMO, LO RECOMIENDO TENERLO, YA QUE SON SOLO 10000 COPIAS DE ESTA EDICIÓN SUPER DELUXE
0060531053|5.0|Charlie Papazian is the Godfather of homebrewing.  He founded the American Homebrewers Association, and organized the Great American Beer Festival.  He is a master brewer, capable of creating authoritative, detailed charts and tables, techniques, and equipment information for the advanced brewer.  Actually he does, but not in this book.  This book is for those who are new to brewing, and who may be intimidated by the complexity of the brewing process.  Charlie takes you by the hand, pats you on the back, and reminds you to \\"Relax, don't worry, have a homebrew.\\"  This kind and encouraging approach is the hallmark of the book.  If you are new to brewing and are not a technically minded person, such as a college professor, engineer, or chemist, then this is the best introductory text on the market.  Everything is divided up into little lessons that are explained in very plain English and then built upon in later lessons.  This is not like a textbook: It is actually readable.    The readability of the text makes it a natural choice for the beginning brewer, but that is not to say its interest is limited to beginners.  Intermediate and advanced brewers are likely to find plenty of useful information as well.  A solid foundation is laid for extract, partial grain, and all grain brewing.  Not only are methods described in a clear and easy to follow way, but the explanations as to why good brewers do things a certain way are addressed.  Understanding how things work and why certain processes are followed are the foundations of good brewing.  If you want to expand your skills past brewing up lackluster extract kit recipes, then this book is an excellent, approachable way to start.    The book does begin with a section for those new to homebrewing, which is aptly named \\"Especially for the Beginner.\\"  It covers basic equipment, ingredients, and processes used in making beer from malt extract (which is by far the easiest way and requires the least amount of equipment).  The second major section switches over to intermediate brewing concepts and considers brewing issues with major ingredients such as malt and malt extracts, hops, water, yeast and miscellaneous ingredients.  Cleaning and sanitation, record keeping, fermentation, and an overview of many classic beer styles are is included.  The advanced homebrewing section deals mostly with all grain brewing.  Included is an easy to understand description of the mashing process and how it works.  Several different mash and sparging methods are considered, including the super cheap 5-gallon bucket setup.     If you are new to homebrewing beer and want an informative book that is both authoritative and easy to understand, this is the one.  This was my first homebrewing book, and I think I was very lucky to have selected it from a large pack mostly by accident.  If you are a seasoned brewer trying to win a beginner over to the hobby, then I suggest you make a present of this book.  Just looking around on the web or picking up an advanced all grain book can be intimidating to the novice.  They will no doubt need to be reminded to relax and have a homebrew.   Doc@thezymurgyguide.com
B004QK5N5W|4.0|Works as advertised and at a good price. Video and audio quality is good, and the iPad charges when connected with the power cable.
0937381888|5.0|If I were going to teach a college class on homebrewing, this would be my textbook.  Pound for pound, How to Brew provides more technically accurate brewing information than any other book in its class.  Do not let that scare you:  John writes with a no nonsense style, but it is a clear and concise style that is easy to understand.  When I have a specific brewing question, I reach for this book.  It has a logical, topical organization that makes finding specific information easy, as well as a well-developed index.    Chapter 1 starts out with a simple extract brew, and takes the reader step by step through the process using \\"beginner level\\" equipment.  Once the reader has a grasp on the very basic elements of homebrewing, the book turns to specific topics such as sanitation (Chapter 2), working with malt extracts and beer kits (Chapter 3), water considerations for extract brewing (Chapter 4), understanding hops and hop specifications (Chapter 5),  the care and feeding of brewing yeast (Chapter 6), boiling and cooling wort (Chapter 7), the fermentation cycle (Chapter 8), and so forth all the way through bottling (Chapter 11).     Section 2 introduces the intermediate brewer to specialty grains and some technical issues of working with malted barley.  Adjuncts such as oats, corn, and rice are also introduced.  The reader is also introduced to \\"how to read a malt analysis sheet\\" in this section.  The mechanics of steeping are also explained.  The section ends with an example batch that brings together all of the information presented in that section for the reader.      The third section delves into the mysterious world of all grain brewing.  Technical topics like how a mash works, understanding the effects of pH on the mash, various mashing methods, lautering methods, and expected yields are all discussed.  Despite the technical nature of this material, John does a good job of translating it into plain English.      The fourth section delves into beer flavors, bothgood and bad.  Recipe design is discussed, as are common flaws and off flavor in beer.  This is the part of the book where a few recipes are offered along with comments on cross section of historical beer styles.    This final section contains eight appendices that provide valuable information on such diverse topics as brewing metallurgy, lauter tun design for fly and batch sparging, building wort chillers, beer clarity and color, and using hydrometers and refractometers.         Simply put, this book should be a part of every homebrewer's library.  It is an excellent guide for the beginner, and an excellent reference for the accomplished brewer.  Unlike many \\"beginner\\" books that become clutter once you get your feet wet, How to Brew  will prove useful no matter where you are in your progress toward becoming a master brewer.    Doc@thezymurgyguide.com
B004W4N55C|5.0|this is the best free app of the day i've ever seen.  high quality, very useful, well worth paying some money for
B004LWZW4C|2.0|I was disappointed with this one, droll comes to mind, this is one I wish I had seen before purchasing. There are a great many movies I love to watch many times over and this just isn't going to be one of them,,,,taking bids on my copy!
B004SRNH10|4.0|Happy to get this one. Thanks! Love Adobe and all of it's products. Also like the fact that it can be moved to my sd card.
B0000062FL|5.0|excellant album!back in my stomping day,\\"woodstock\\"!!i ahve listenend to all santanas albums over the years,carlos had talent from day 1 to present,pretty  obvious!!  bob
B0000032LS|5.0|Great glam rock soundtrack essentially from the period that spawned Ziggy,Iggy,Marc,Alice,Elton,Sweet,Mott and Lou...etc...still vibrant after all these years. I wish my other 70's floorshow unconventualist were still here to see that the RHPS is still growing strong.Every third Saturday at midnite at the plush Summit theatre here in westside KC. My boyfriend use to play Rocky right down to his gold lame' undies. Love everyone's reviews I've spent many lunch hours reading them. Some are very funny. To those who did not want to give their names,I understand.Leave Texas Soon. I was a little surprised at the young man who liked the music but thought that the words were inappropriate.??? You're coming along nicely,dear,see you soon!To Absent Friends!
B0050F6JQE|5.0|While I had read of conductor Michael Noone's work, this is my first opportunity to hear his efforts, and this with his superlative chamber choir Ensemble Plus Ultra. It is extraordinary to have this impressive collection of 10 CD's - well over 11 hours of Victoria's oeuvre - and at such a reasonable price. You can see the CD notes for full details of the works included; many never previously recorded, and a product of Noone's musicological research....BUT this is no dry research project!  Victoria is a splendid composer, and there may not be a composer of more moving sacred music.  But the revelation here is in the superlative performances under Noone's gifted guidance. Ensemble Plus Ultra restores one's faith in chamber choral singing....and I will be searching out more of Noone and Ensemble Plus Ultra's work....  The singing is full and resplendent, vibrato is certainly controlled and never excessive, but we NEVER hear the pressed \\"white\\" tone, without vibrato (or colour!) that has become all too common. The voices are real, embodied, alive, \\"healthy\\";  the tone robust and full; there is no quibbling about alti versus counter tenori...the sound is natural. The bass line is firm, well brought out, and masculine and robust - but clean, lean, and never woolly. The tenors are even; they move into supported head tone, OR full throated singing as needed; the sopranos sing with even full tone, they are never thin, or acidic......There is a roundness to the tone, and dare I say pleasure, sometimes joy in their singing?  The recorded sound is full, rich and immediate, balances are examplary, and the works have been carefully recorded in chuches to give the appropriate ambient sound.   It is simply a GREAT, GREAT pleasure to hear the music SO WELL served, SO WELL SUNG,....nothing detracts from the experience of the MUSIC.....and is that not the definition of Art????  I cannot recommend this recording enough....It is SO fine, I can see I will be buying a few more copies [[ASIN:B0050F6JQE De Victoria: Sacred Works]]as gifts this holiday season.  John Mac Master, New York and Toronto, November 2011.
B003102JDM|2.0|Being quite fam w/physics, judaism, Hendrix, dentistry, divorce, ethnic ghost stories, how on GOD's good earth can one possibly dissect this pos for any minutia of reflective inspirational entertainment????  Several deus-ex-machina elements that transport viewer to meaningful rite of passage traditions but lackluster unemotional flatline dialogue. Perhaps the most interesting is the Great Escape to Canada scene and the F Troop replay.  I am a patient woman and desperately seek the gem in most films, ack, coming up severely shorthanded here.  The 5-star reviewers are to be commended for their adept fantasy writing skills.... friends and/or family of the Coens???  Consequently, quirky moments bottom line: Airplane and Hendrix licks, surprise outdoor tanning booth, kewl equation proof, Korean philosophy, and opening ghost story.  BTW, in 1967 NO ONE hardly EVER used the F word,duh!!!!!!
B004W4N55C|4.0|I was bummed when these guys shut down the free app that let me access their website,  but paid $4 to access it thru their own application.  Didn't bother buying the rest of their Apps,  but now that it's free it will be nice to have.
1451648537|5.0|Caveat: I'm only about half-way through the book, and haven't followed Mr. Jobs as closely as some of the One Star reviewers who say there is nothing new here.   I'm loving the book, and have been reading it at every opportunity.
B004LROUNG|5.0|John Grisham's early books were more 'thriller' than 'legal'. In this book, there's not much thrill (except for an inept arsonist being shot in the leg by a lawyer), but there's lots of legal action going on. The book shows that high powered lawyers can be just as sinister as an gunman with a 9mm automatic as they manipulate the system in their client's behalf.   When he realizes that working 100 hour weeks for a large law firm doesn't leave him even enough time and energy to get his wife pregnant, David Zinc abruptly walks away from his job. He takes a day off to get drunk, and then joins a two-man 'boutique' law firm that specializes in quickie divorces and ambulance chasing.  At $500 per divorce (or $299, depending on which bingo card their advertizing appears), Zinc and the firm's partners, Oscar Finley and Wally Figg, are not going to get rich. Then, along comes a once in a lifetime opportunity to make big bucks. One of their clients dies from a sudden heart attack and Figg thinks the death may have been caused by his cholesterol medication. They join a class action suit that that pits them against an army of high priced lawyers working for the drug's manufacturer. The risk is that the drug company is willing to spend millions to defend a product that generates billions in sales.  Although the story is somewhat predictable, Grisham throws in a number of unexpected plot twists to demonstrate that, even though the legal deck is stacked in favor of the rich and powerful, there are ways for the small guy to win, or at least, to achieve a moral victory. The characters of the two partners, Oscar and Wally, are hilarious as we see them dealing with their own divorces, their crazy girlfriends  and clients that are suing them (or threatening to shot them) for malpractice.  While you are being thoroughly entertained, you'll also learn a lot about how the legal system works. Highly recommended.
B005QPGHQU|3.0|The sound is nothing new from them. We've heard it before, but something may have taken a turn for the worst for this amazing group. Like something is just missing...or wasn't there to begin with when she started this new chapter in her life. Like most Ev fans, I wish Amy Lee well, but also wished that her and her former band mates didn't have all the problems they had. It would have been so much more with the original line up. Some tracks on this album are a great listen...but some tracks also sound the same, like I haven't hit next track at all. Not a bad album at all, just expected a bit more from the group. It does at some points in the album sound like she is trying to get back at, or label her former band mates, which I am sad to say, do sound better in comparison of We Are The Fallen's debut album, and Evanescence's current album.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Had X11's that were great. X41's definatly a step up, would recommend them for any avid gamer. I'm a Gears of War fan and it's great to be able to know where your oposition is just by the direction of sound.
0679722610|4.0|\\"Red Harvest,\\" Dashiell Hammett's first published novel (in 1929), reveals a world of venality, mayhem and revenge that set the tone for detective novels half a century into the future.<br /><br />A Continental Detective Agency Op is summoned from California to \\"Poisonville,\\" Mont. by aged newspaper owner and banker Elihu Willsson.  Elihu's criminal enterprise of imported thugs threatens to turn on him.  The aged banker gives the Op enough of information to let our nameless narrator work his way through a host of evil-doers: Bill Quint, an affable old IWW member; corrupt police chief Noonan; greedy Dinah Brand, who has scandalous information on everyone; jealous bank clerk Robert Albury; hoodlum Max \\"Whisper\\" Thaler; and other evil-doers who run the town and its rackets.  The first question is \\"Who killed Elihu's son?\\"<br /><br />The Op sets about pitting the factions against each other, saying, \\"Plans are all right sometimes.  And sometimes just stirring things up is all right.\\"  This \\"stir-it-up novel\\" is filled with offhanded shootings, explosions, and murder by icepick.  The carnage is colorfully expressed in passages where the Op says, \\"We bumped over dead Hank O'Meara's legs and headed for home\\" and \\"Be still while I get up or I'll make an opening in your head for brains to leak in.\\"<br /><br />Don't expect plausibility, but do look for the snappy dialogue, strong characters (especially in the Op), and writing style that moves fast.  Time magazine included \\"Red Harvest\\" in its list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1922 to 2005.  Literary critic Andre Gide also called the novel \\"the last word in atrocity, cynicism and horror.\\"<br /><br />Hammett's \\"Red Harvest\\" has given us a sub-genre of the crime/adventure/detective novel that might be termed \\"the man with no name.\\"  \\"Red Harvest\\" can lay claim to being the successor to the classic Western -- not the Sherlock Holmes \\"whodunit.\\"  The novel's amazing power and plotting led movie director Akira Kurosawa to create \\"Yojimbo,\\" focusing on a freelance samurai who confronts town's warring factions.  Look for thematic vestiges of Hammett's novel also in Sergio Leone's \\"spaghetti Westerns\\" with Clint Eastwood and in John Sturges's \\"The Magnificent Seven.\\"  \\"Red Harvesst\\" is the novel that started an epic genre.freelance samurai who confronts town's warring factions.  Look for thematic vestiges of Hammett's novel also in Sergio Leone's \\"spaghetti Westerns\\" with Clint Eastwood and in John Sturges's \\"The Magnificent Seven.\\"  \\"Red Harvesst\\" is the novel that started an epic genre.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I missed out on getting this on sale because of reviews that said it didn't work on the Atrix. I run the gingerbread OS and it works great on my phone. The game is a lot of fun and my son loves getting to play on the go.
0670022705|1.0|I think the concept behind this book is wonderful, and the book ought to make a fun gift, but the picture quality is atrocious.  Many of the photographs are quite dark and it is difficult to see the details.  I would have been willing to pay more for better quality.  The background information is interesting but, truthfully, it is the pictures of the objects that draw you to a book of this type.
B005EYP9D0|5.0|I recently purchased this second edition of Achtung Baby as well Emerson, Lake, and Palmers Live from Nassau Colesium.  I am enjoying both tremendously.  More than I expected.  For this U2's rerelease of a masterpiece there are differences that the listener can distinguish.  For me it is the acoustic guitar which seems more present in the new edition. As with all great works of art the music and lyrics are more prevalent now than when the tracks were first put to plastic.  I mention ELP as well in this review because there most recent CD, like Achtung Baby,  is a blast from the past.  I am biased by my age and consider most modern music irrelevant and look to the past when trying to find the meaning of humanity in the art form of music.
007174889X|5.0|Potential buyers should know right off the bat that this book is for people who have a medical background only- your average person is not going to be able to understand much of it.   So who is it for then? Well, I've been in medicine for 15 years and find this book all over the hospital so really just about any health professional who wants a general reference book for how to manage adult diseases of practically any system (such as GI, respiratory, neurological disorders to name a few) will find this book to be a good resource.   Having said that, the book is mainly written as a resource for internal medicine doctors, that is docs that focus on adult medicine and have had special study and training focusing on the prevention and treatment of adult diseases. So if you're in the medical profession, deal with adults, and are looking for a good reference book on adult medical conditions and treatments, this huge and comprehensive volume is probably just what you're looking for. One caveat though, while there is a wealth of info in here on how to manage and treat adult problems, there is no mention of how to better get patients to do what they are prescribed to do (exercise, take their meds, eat less fat..) and so I also recommend health professional check out [[ASIN:1598581384 The Sixty-Second Motivator]] for tips on increasing patient compliance. After all, what good is the best medical advice if no one follows it?
B004W4N55C|4.0|Great FAotD,   Works well on droid 3. As mentioned in other reviews, I don't know if I would have looked at it during its regular price... But for free,  this is incredibly hard to pass up...
B004VDSWQ6|4.0|I am a big fan of Dio Sabbath, so I am very familiar with the few releases they did. Dio still has the magic in this performance! (RIP) The song selection is good and Appice on the drums is still solid. My only complaint is that the guitar mix needs a little more volume in the lossy format. I can't really comment on the mix in the HD audio encoding since I can't decode HD audio yet.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I've owned the two paid apps , UGtools &amp; UGtabs for a few months now. This version is better because it combines the tools and tabs into one single interface.  The tuner also looks slightly different and works well. You will be able to install without losing the old - it names itself  &quot;tab tools &ldquo; so no worries there.  Only thing is that it does no see your old favorites, so I am treating this as a second music library.  Get this, now!
B001P9EQH8|5.0|when i saw this product on amazon, i couldn't believe it might come with such quality.  i have audio tech m50, it needs a lot of power so you cannot run on a normal sound card or on ipod since it feels weak.  but using FiiO E5 pimped my headphone by listening to every single detail in all audio purposes.  I use it on video games, movies and of course, music (must be 192 kbs and up)
0525948023|5.0|More than anything else I've ever read in my 51 years, this book has changed my life. If you're a fundamentalist Christian, you will have major issues with this book. In fact, every single negative review I've read has been from one of these type of unconsciously religious people who clearly feel threatened, showing a defensiveness that is transparent. Laughably, these are the people Tolle mentions in his book who have the dangerous \\"I am right, you are wrong\\" mentality. If you are intelligent with an open mind, however, you may suddenly see some eye opening truths. Yes, there is a BUNCH of BS in this book. Darn near everything with the word \\"collective\\" is pushin it. There is crap about vibrational frequencies, becoming one with the universe, BS statements implying truth that cannot be proved (e.g. ...\\"the ego arises by identification with form, and deep down it knows that no forms are perminent, that they are all fleeting. So there is always a sesne of insecurity around the ego even if on the outside it appears confident.\\" OR \\"The old mind-pattern or mental habit may still survive and reoccur for a while because it has the momentum of thousands of years of collective human unconcsiousness behind it, but every time it is recognized, it is weakened.\\" OR \\"If yhou are sensitive enough, you can feel a heaviness in the energy field of certain countries as soon as you step off the plane.\\"  etc., etc., etc., etc.)  The first 100 pages are a bitch to read. Then, it gets easy. I have read this book more than 5 times, and I keep getting more out of it. It has helped my marriage immensely. I quit speeding and enjoy driving now. I handle people, particularly angry, ignorant, unconscious ones, so much better. Road rage is gone. I am truly smelling the roses moreso now. Why? I don't mind what happens. (OK, easier said than done...but, I'm gettin there!).  If you're heavily religious, you may have a tough time opening your mind. If you are truly open minded, I strongly recommendthis book.
B004W4N55C|5.0|awesome look and works great! I'm going to pick up my guitar and start playing again!!!!! thanks dev!! totally worth 8 bucks!!!!!
B0048WQDIE|5.0|This book is incredible; I've enjoyed reading it and re-reading many times since my first copy when I was in 8th grade (I'm now 62)<br /><br />I wanted to purchase this classic novel to carry on my Kindle but ... the Kindle edition is more than the paperback edition.<br /><br />I will not buy with this pricing policy.
1455510319|3.0|Rolling with the times, Mickey Haller has shifted from high powered defense to foreclosure cases as his bread and butter and that seems to be the way he will be going until one of his clients, Lisa Trammel is charged with the murder of her banker.  She is not his favorite person, but it seems as if getting back into defense should help to right the ship:<br /><br />\\"I define a nuisance client as one who does not understand the bounds of our relationship, even after I clearly and sometimes repeatedly delineate them.  Lisa came to me with her first notice of foreclosure.  I took the case and told her to sit back and wait while I went to work.  But Lisa couldn't sit back.  she coldn't wait.  she called me every day.  After I filed a lawsuit putting the foreclosure before a judge, she showed up at court for routine filings and continuances.  She had to be there and she had to know every move I made, see every letter I sent and be smmarized on eevery call I received.  She often called me and yelled when she perceived that I was not giving her case my fullest attention.  I began to understand why her husband had hightailed it.  He had to get way from her.\\"<br /><br />Clearly the case is not going to be an easy one for Haller and Connelly deftly manages to insert a few unexpected twists and turns.  My problem with The Fifth Witness is through so much of it Haller seems to be moving in a downward spiral, away from the sharp, witty lawyer I first met in The Lincoln Lawyer, who had the world by the tail.  But then I think that with a series there is the back story that progresses and makes the character more interesting and with Haller it is still being developed.  By the end of the book, I had great hope that Mickey would begin moving in a direction, that I approved of.<br /><br />I did enjoy the book and would recommend the series to fans of legal fiction.
1451648537|3.0|ipod, iphone, ipad, iquit, idie  It was cool but there are a lot of other people throughout history who did much more for our world.
B00133KFGW|5.0|I love this movie. It is good, clean and family friendly. The message is very good and a nice change from the majority of movies out there today. Plus, the music is fantastic!!
B004LWZW4C|1.0|Decent premise, awful execution. The plotting was contrived and clumsy, the characterization was lazy and boring, dialog was dull, and the effects were dim-witted. The good actors seemed lost in the narrative mess, but the bad actors (I'm looking at you, Ms. Jones) didn't seem to notice and just turned in their usual bad performances.<br /><br />I hated it.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|Just what I expected and more, A must have: to add to your 3D Video Collection.. WOW  My Kids loved it, and ask to watch it daily.
0446571415|2.0|It's hard for me to remember how entertaining Mr. Baldacci's books used to be.  At least for me, they just are not any more.
B001SGEUMY|3.0|I'm sorry but this is a mediocre Oasis album.  Granted it is more rock than the previous few, but it is no where near 4-5 stars!  Part of the queue is a great song, but it is basically Badly Drawn Boy.  If you want five stars listen to \\"Definitely Maybe\\", for 4 stars go to \\"Morning Glory\\", \\"Standing on the Shoulders of Giants\\", or \\"Dig Out Your Soul\\".  Otherwise, this and Heathen Chemistry are both average.
B000W91RUG|5.0|It's hard to find a sitcom that's genuinely and consistently funny. The Big Bang Theory is one of the few that never disappoints. This exploration and celebration of the geek world is laugh out funny every time. In the first season the characters are being established. Most of the characters have remained pretty much the same over years. The only real differences I've noticed is that Sheldon seemed a bit more human in the first season, and Penny was less feisty. My favorite episodes include \\"The Luminous Fish Effect\\", in which Sheldon gets fired and examines life outside of physics, and \\"The Bar Jar Conjecture\\" during which Sheldon is kicked off the team for the Physics Bowl and is replaced by his nemesis, Leslie Winkle. I highly recommend this dvd.<br /><br />Jennifer K. Lafferty<br />Author of Offbeat Love Stories and More
B002I0J5FG|5.0|These are two of the best games ever made. Sure they don't look as good as when they came out, but the core game play is still challenging and fun. Also these games have an amazing story in each of them. It doesn't hit you over the head with it, but it's there and it's beautiful. If you were thinking about buying these games then I would highly recommend you do so. Totally worth it.
B0034G4P80|1.0|I purchased DVD Thor used and the copy was from a video store and this copy was poor and frozed in four location during the play back...; this was not a good bargain.
030788743X|5.0|I really wish there was a way to hack into this website and give this book 6, 7...even 10 stars! Can you tell that I liked it? It might not be for everyone, but it definitely appealed to my geeky, pop-culture loving, adventurous side.  In a bleak and depressing future, a reclusive 1980s pop-culture obsessed genius named Halliday has created an online virtual world called the OASIS, where you can plug in, live vicariously through your avatar, and escape reality. When Halliday dies, he leaves behind a massive scavenger hunt where anyone can compete to find his hidden \\"easter egg\\". The grand prize - his entire, multi-billion dollar fortune. We follow the main character, an orphaned high school senior who has devoted years to studying Halliday's favorite things, mainly old school video games and movies, and who is determined to beat the ultimate high score.  If you, like me, are a geek who's into 80s pop-culture, techy stuff, video games, movies and music, you will LOVE this book! I was a little lost on some of the references to video games and Japanese cartoons, but the author (who also penned the screenplay for the movie Fanboys) does a really good job of explaining things. Parts science fiction, comedy, adventure, and even a little romance, this is definitely the kind of novel that NEEDS to be made into a motion picture...and I'll be first in line on opening night!
B0034G4OUO|2.0|For a genre movie, it could have been worse.  Dwayne Johnson, formerly known as \\"The Rock\\", may have found his niche as a hard-nosed x-con out to revenge the brutal death of his brother in the aftermath of a bank robbery.  Unfortunately the film pirouettes off in different directions.  We have an ultra rich, ADD afflicted hired killer (Oliver Jackson-Cohen).  He's bored so only charges a dollar because he just does it for the thrill!  We have the drug addicted cop (Billy Bob Thornton) on his last 10 days on the job who somehow gets assigned to a new partner (Carla Gugino), who's looking into a set of murders.  The lynchpin of the original murder of the brother is telegraphed pretty early on, but may come as a surprise to some.  There are some good car stunts but for the most part they are just there for the target audience.  The movie had potential.  \\"The Rock\\" seems comfortable in this type role and in the hands of Tarantino or Rodriquez the film would have been a lot more fun.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I have been thinking about buying a guitar app like this recently. Low and behold I wake up this morning and here it is! The perrrrrrrrfect app! Thanks amazon!
0064430227|5.0|Imaginative and easy to read, a great book for beginners.  Kids love it.  Do a kid a favor a get this book for them!
B0017M413M|5.0|A great movie especially for Stargate fans and Stargate SG-1 fans in particular. It's nice to see the SG team in an environment that isn't the Pacific Northwest and some quarry. The mountains are gorgeous which adds to the feeling that the SG-1 team is on \\"another planet.\\" It's a very enjoyable movie. But make sure you have enough bandwidth to watch it without having the movie reload every few minutes which is very distracting.
B004W4N55C|4.0|Would give five stars if it had more southern gospel songs. absolutely love the ability to 'strum' chords. Really cool.
B005UBNKZG|1.0|Sure this is the new AMD FX Series of processors..but the thing gets really bloody hot. You can barely overclock this thing without it wanting to overheat and blow a fuze. I placed Arctic Silver 5 Polysynthetic Silver Compound on top of it on my ASUS Crosshair Formula V Motherboard..then placed the Titan Fenrir Heatsink on top of it along with its included fan..and let me tell you..Not Even Titan Fenrir Can Keep This Bulldozer Cooled down at a minimal mere 3.8GHz Overclock! It Still gets bloody hot!! This I do not like..as everywhere I've read that this is the FX Series Unlocked Processor and is great for Overclocking..but when you overclock it..be prepared to use some heavy liquid on this sucker when you do..cuz it gets really hot!!! I switched back to the AMD Phenom X2 555 Processor! (which also comes with 6 months of free AVG Anti-Virus) It gives me a calculation score of 6.8 in Windows Aero. And the thing doesn't get bloody hot and it's overclocked to 3.8GHz and can easily do web surfing at 4.0 GHz speed..but not the Bulldozer. So for Gaming the Phenoms are still your best bet until they find a way to re-invent the Bulldozer CPU's. 1 out of 5 stars.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Amazon apps have been meh lately, but they made up for it with this terrific app. I've been eye balling it for sometime now, but didn't want to shell out the 8 bucks. This app has a wide variety of artist with guitar and bass tablature. Best feature is that you can listen to the actual track while it auto-scrolls for easy play along! 5 Swedish melodic solos, out of 5.
B000WC4AJI|4.0|I found the sound quality of the recordings on this disk is good enough to rival some of my better (but not best) direct-to-disc long-playing phonograph records. D2D records are still the finest storage media for music ever made. Like many of my D2D records, this CD contained works by artists I had not heard of before. Most of the music is perfectly listenable, and well-performed. But the Liszt piece performed by George Emmanuel-Lazaridis is astounding. His speed, finesse, and expressiveness are as good as I've ever heard.<br /><br />Except for my Liszt record performed by Ervin Ny&iacute;regyh&aacute;zi in Columbia's Master Works series. Some who lived long enought to hear them both perform believed that EN was Liszt himself, reborn. If you'd like to hear a sample of EN's skills, try [...]
B004W4N55C|5.0|I've been wanting to get this amazing app for a while now, but haven't wanted to shell out the $8 for it. Amazingly, it's the free app of the day! Definitely worth a download
B004W4N55C|5.0|It's so refreshing to see a good, quality, USEFUL free app of the day after so many lame games...I guess you need to be a musician/guitarist to really find this useful, but if you are (like me) then this is one of the best apps they've featured so far. Nice clean interface, and the tabs PLUS the included metronome, tuner, and chord chart (with strummable virtual neck) make this app a WINNER.
0062011847|2.0|It is sad to say that this hardly seems like a \\"Terry Pratchett\\" novel.  I realize that Sir Terry is struggling under a great difficulty, and so perhaps to give faint praise, it's hard to imagine very many writers being able to turn out a novel THIS GOOD in the throes of Alzheimers.  However.  As has been said in other reviews, it's not that this is a very \\"dark\\" story (and it is) that is the problem.  It is that it seems to be a dark story set in the Discworld universe and using Discworld characters - but written by someone ELSE.  Pratchett's trademark humor (by which I mean not simply \\"jokes\\" but his way of LOOKING at the world and turning it sideways) just doesn't appear here.  Sam Vimes could have been \\"any policeman.\\"  Actually, I'd say Young Sam rather stole the show here.<br /><br />For those who have followed the series, and love the endless footnotes, well, in this case \\"jokes\\" seemed to have been created simply to write a footnote that, unfortunately, was rarely particularly funny.<br /><br />It's also unfortunate to see, as I had noted in \\"Unseen Academicals,\\" an increasing reliance on \\"toilet\\" humor; in Snuff, the obsession with various \\"bodily secretions\\" threatens to take over the plot.<br /><br />Of all the \\"races\\" that Pratchett has developed, the goblins, sadly, have the least to offer; rather than giving us a lively mix of positive traits and flaws, Pratchett simply gives us a race of victims -- they must be good because they're oppressed!<br /><br />I can remember when one had to wait for a new Pratchett to be released in the US -- and the joy of discovering that one could, at the cost of international shipping, buy a new Pratchett from Amazon.co.uk.  I have no doubt that I'll go on buying the latest Pratchetts to the bitter end.  But if you're new to the series, DO start at the beginning, and save this (and \\"Academicals\\") until you've come to know the world and simply want to know how things turn out.<br /><br />And don't expect to laugh.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|Awesome app. Works great and is the easiest way to create a pdf of a page or a document up to a few pages. I can't believe how well it works AND it's completely free. Five stars easily.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|I got this album the day it came out. I saw Evanescence in concert the day this was released. I play it everyday and I love it. As a big fan, this was just I was expecting.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|dont understand the negative Amazon review at all---the music is gorgeous and suits film perfectly. the falling in love-feel of yearning is perfectly embodied by the theme - lovely performance. Romantic in spirit - sort of thought i heard part of ravel's piano concerto in G 2nd mvt somewhere....
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|soporific, horrible, boring, puaghhhh, soporific, horrible, boring ,puaghhhh, soporific, horrible, boring, puaghhhh, soporific, horrible, boring, puaghhhh, soporific, horrible, boring, puaghhhh, soporific, horrible, boring, puaghhhh. I think I've been clear.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I've been a long UG user for a long time. Its great! The app is amazing. Theres not much to reviews. The ratings speak for themselves.
B002N8A14M|5.0|I am very happy with this product.  It's easy to get the Ipod out of.  The arm band is just the right size for me.  It comes with a nice detachable plastic case so you can wear it on your belt.  I would highly recommend this product.
B0050QV0RQ|4.0|hours of flashback stlye fun. controls are a bit odd at first. &amp; at a few points there needs to be an in game heads up on how to do something. *cough*dwarf ship*cough*  enjoyed every second of SoE. even when I first realized the only auto save was as I exited the game.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I purchased this app in EARLY AUGUST..so unlike the new reviews here..I've actually use the app very often since AUGUST. I use it mainly for looking up lyrics whenever we have home bible study worship, learning new songs for Sunday worship or tuning my Taylor guitar. The other great this is, I can save the songs I practiced and play them on Sunday without looking for them again..they could be saved under Favorites. This is best used with something with bigger screen (7inches of above, such as Toshiba Trive) ..because looking up the chords while playing on a 4.3\\" cellphone could be troublesome. Plus having this saves papers!!! I don't have to print my lyrics or chords anymore.  The only downsides are, sometimes the new songs arent always available, you gotta wait till someone submitted the chords into Guitar Tab servers, then you can find it. Second is the metronome doesn't have the whistle and bells like the other metronomes I've used in iTunes appstore..the metronome is very basic. (yes, I play the drums also)  Overall,I'm very happy with this app. but I still feel $7 is a bit much for normal price, but I bit it anyway.  If you play ANY instruments .. you'd need this for ON THE GO.
B003TJR2HS|1.0|The description of this item says that it works with every case on the planet...which is a pretty strong statement.  I purchased this adapter because I got the new LifeProof iPhone 4/4s case and many of my chargers and cradles don't work in the opening.  The whole intent of this device is extend the charging dock and adapt it to other devices, but how is it supposed to work if it will not fit into the opening in an aftermarket case.  If you are buying this because you have an element case, lifeproof case, or any other case where you think that a the length and width of the opening is a tight fit...DO NOT CHANCE BUYING THIS ADAPTER!!! as it will likely not fit.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|My son kept talking about how much he liked this movie, so we had to buy it.  It's a classic Disney movie.  Has a few scary parts like many Disney movies, but nothing extreme.
B004LROUW2|5.0|Murukami is one of those writers who deserves his fame.  I hope he keeps writing books like this for years to come.  It has all the qualities that you would come to love as a fan of his and is a great entry point if you are first discovering him.  It's probably not going to be for everyone, but if it's for, you will love it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I love that you can play one level in a minute or less, no timer, which makes it great for multi-tasking.
B004EBT5CU|3.0|The CD is monotonous -- not too much diversion in sound.  Might need to look at another Adele CD at a later time.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Great application,  looks slick,  works well.  Don't pay attention to any of the negative reviews,  the tools (tuner,  metro  alone are worth the FREE download!
1584282584|5.0|We bought this book as a gift for our daughter. She was delighted with it. The book arrived in perfect condition and very quickly. I am 100% satisfied with this order.
B005I64U34|5.0|I ordered this movie for my husband who is a movie buff & special effects lover. Funny thing was after watching the Blu-Ray version he gave it a 3 and I gave it a 4 1/2-5!  I thought the special effects were great, and so did our male friend who watched it with us. It's not the greatest movie on earth but it was a fun movie with cool special effects AND there was a good story. I would recommend it as a family friendly fun movie for sure.
B0006L0LOS|1.0|I had never seen this movie until recently, and not because of lack of desire. I love comic book movies, and I generally jump to get the chance to see one. Catwoman, however, gained a bad rap early, and that was enough to keep me away. Folks that hated it loathed it, and well, I didn't know anyone who didn't hate it. Kinda killed it for me, so I went on with my life...<br /><br />It's been years now. I figured, why not watch it, how bad can it be? I mean, it does have Halle Berry in it, and she looks great. I was dying to see how she interpreted one of the great likeable villains in comic book history.<br /><br />Well, it turns out, this movie is as bad as they say, and has no real redeemable qualities.<br /><br />#1 This is no comic. This movie has nothing to do with the comics, except the name of the movie, and the fact that she is a somewhat catlike woman. After watching this, I am sure the comics are greatful that this is an anomaly.<br />#2 Halle Berry is awful. Her alter ego is unlikable, which ruins the whole movie. She dresses laughably bad, and her personality is transparently fake. How can you develop interest in a movie where you can find no one to root for, no one you want to follow?<br />#3 The plot. The plot is ridiculous, where you can have a graphic artist break into a closed research facility after hours by entering a \\"back door\\"? Having a cat \\"test\\" you by seeing if you will climb out a window in a multistory building and \\"save\\" them, even though they can get down on their own...is that a test of compassion, or stupidity? Having a person come back from the dead because they are deemed worthy by a cat? Like how did they know she would die? Why did they test her, if they didn't know she would die? How many deaths each year are caused by a deluge of industrial waste from a top secret cosmetic research lab? I could go on, but I will stop right there...<br />#4 The special affects aren't very special at all. Catwoman jumps from second story ballustrade to second story ballustrade somehow evading the poorly aimed bullets shot by police officers. Evidently the policmen in this town were not trained to \\"lead a target\\" and shoot ahead of a moving target. They shoot direct at a moving target and miss every time, and then have the gall to look shocked.<br /><br />Leave this one alone.g the poorly aimed bullets shot by police officers. Evidently the policmen in this town were not trained to \\"lead a target\\" and shoot ahead of a moving target. They shoot direct at a moving target and miss every time, and then have the gall to look shocked.  Leave this one alone.
B0058VA2U4|3.0|this is not an train wreck but personally I heard quite afew of these song with dan nelson singing his lyrics and I liked them alot better why?maybe the groffness of the vox like jon bush sound of white noise is my person favoite still to this day it's the most soild chohesively brutal music they did,to me.This is a very good sounding joe belladonna before bush I liked joe very much but I i don't feel this cd is messing together well is just misses the mark for me some good stuff in hear but as the band said \\"we felt we could do better\\"speaking over the 2-3years they were writing and recording.I agree but I think they still could have done better yet.my self not being a big fan of the we've come for you all & vol#8 cds this one seamslike it will be lumbed in with them in my book,I was hoping for much more like megadeth's 13 that was a return to the past to me return to 90 kind of with alot of today,take the fury from the past and with the vision of today.good but not great!
B001AQO446|4.0|Please describe the audio/video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />I watched the extended version, which was about 2 hours 22 minutes long.  I wasn't aware of any added scenes - it was how I remembered it.  Aspect ratio was 1.85:1 I believe, because it filled my 52\\" widescreen LCD (which looks more like 1.5:1).  I would rather have had 2.35:1.<br /><br />Video quality started out bad, with a lot of grain, then it got better.  Most of the movie had no grain, but the image just wasn't that sharp and detailed, like a Blu-Ray should be.  I give it about 8.0 out of 10.<br /><br />The audio was very good, even though it was only DTS 5.1, instead of DTS-HD 5.1 Master Audio or Dobly TrueHD 5.1.<br /><br />I forgot how good this movie was.
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|you can really tell Junior's back and dave seams to have a fire burning that he had lost a ways back to.I'm not sure it playing the old rust in peace matterial stuck to them as musicans or it's my imagination but some of this matterial has a rememberance of that cd and maybe countdown a little strange but good feeling about it.It donen't feel like it's been rehashed riffs like metallicas death magnetic did but influensed the writing process and style a bit.this feel familar and fresh,I wanted to write megadeth off because i have not enjoyed thier newer music as much as most people who have been screaming about megadeth's return to a thrash band form but the cd sells me they have something left to do thirdteen is heavy and can stand proud next to other thrash metal band cds like overkill,slayer,exodus,kreator,testament,death angel,warbringer &machine head.best megadeth cd since countdown/rust era should have replaced youthinasia!
B004VF68AQ|5.0|I've always know of Jane's Addiction (who hasn't) but for one reason or another never really went out of my way to actually own any of their records back in the day. Don't get me wrong, I'm plenty familiar with this band and their music. I personally dig the hell out of this album. It's hard to get your hands on a record that can really keep you from start to finish like this one does. Not sure how die-hard fans will react, but the fact of the matter is this is a disc full of great songs. The production is fantastic as well - as someone who spends a lot of time in the studio, I can tell you this was mixed amazingly. Buy it - you won't regret it.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I've been looking for a good guitar tab app for my phoneand I've finally got a great one for free! If your like me and like to jam on guitar whenever this app is perfect for you Enjoy :)
0446573019|5.0|Since 9/11, we live with the ever-present knowledge that there are terrorists plotting another attack. When? Where? How? Perhaps even more importantly, who? Will it be foreign extremists or home-grown jihadists? Or maybe neither. They hit major population centers in 2001. Since they don't wish to become predictable, might they choose a rural setting? That may sound unlikely, but think again. If they can find the proper tools and devise the right scheme, why not a rural area? They can work in secret without being observed, and folks in the country have a habit of trusting. So, if the plan is ambitious enough, a ruinous catastrophe, even set off in the outskirts of small-town America, can make a spectacularly big bang. Literally.  John Puller of the Army Criminal Investigative Division knows this as well as anybody. He's the best the CID has. So now, when he gets a call to look into the murder of an entire family in Drake, West Virginia --- a tiny town of a few thousand souls in coal country --- he senses that something is just not right. Not that murder is ever right, but this time he gets that prickly feeling that he isn't being told everything he needs to know: \\"Every murder was the same in that someone was dead from a violent cause. Yet other than that factor, everything was always different. And solving it was like treating cancer. What worked in one case almost never worked in another.\\"  In this case, one of the victims was a military man with possible connections to sensitive information. So why is the CID only sending Puller to handle the investigation? That question nags at him, especially when faced with the gruesome scene: a mother, father and two teenagers slaughtered in their home in an otherwise peaceful little town.  With at least four dead, Puller desperately needs the cooperation of local law enforcement. And he mostly gets it. A few macho types seem to think he's invading their territory, but Sgt. Samantha (Sam) Cole is as professional an officer asPuller could hope for. Her sense of honor, loyalty and patriotism easily matches his. Without her, he knows he has no chance of solving the case.  Puller and Sam are also aware that their time is limited. His superiors want frequent and confidential reports; their sense of urgency is controlled but obvious, and their sense of secrecy troubling. How much he can divulge to Sam without violating his orders remains tricky. The brass has precluded him from sharing information, yet his investigation makes it nearly impossible for him not to. He must determine who he can trust. In the end, he decides to go with his gut.  Far beyond your everyday thriller, ZERO DAY will scare you in more ways than you'd believe possible, if for no other reason than the plot is frighteningly realistic --- or, worse, way too plausible. It won't just keep you up all night; it may well ruin your sleep forever. With his latest blockbuster, David Baldacci undoubtedly will win over thousands of new fans. Yes, he keeps getting better, but this time by leaps and bounds.  Reviewed by Kate Ayers
B0034G4P8A|4.0|Story was well told. Special effects were superb but not over powering. Ending left room for a sequel or segway into another franchise.
B005AVIZ6U|3.0|the last Reacher's books are a bit disappointing. it seems JAck is seekig troubles for the heck of it. with no reason. it also seems his sense of honor is stumbling (I still can't accept Reacher stealing in Bad luckand trouble ust to be able to offer dinner to his friends. Garber has always been presented as The Soldier. and here he is with no back bone at all. there were 2 wonderful head butts. but I miss Reacher
B005G4TJI4|4.0|Acting was forced and overboard at times. Special effects was just too overboard, overpowering the senses at times. Story was wishy washy.
B004W4N55C|5.0|What an awesome free app of the day! The tools included would make it worth at least $5 all by themselves, but the library of chords and tablature make this app an utter steal at $8. The auto-scroll feature is great too.   If you play guitar or bass, or are even thinking about starting to learn, GET THIS APP TODAY
B004I8WD6E|5.0|It fits and showcases my white IPhone 4S perfectly. The screen protector was fairly easy to put on. I normally have shaky, unstable, butter fingers and tend to mess these things up, but the screen protector went on without a problem. The case itself seems sturdy and was easy to put on the phone. I love the cutouts for the volume buttons because the whole area is cut out instead of covering the buttons. I don't love the design on the back, but I don't hate it either. Overall, the case is exactly what I expected. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
0439023521|5.0|Katniss lives in a world where teens between the ages of 12-18 are all possible candidates for the Hunger Games, a contest to the death.  The stated purpose of this contest is to remind them and their families of the rebellion against the Capital that had been lost many years before.  The real purpose of the contest is for the entertainment of the people of the Capital.<br /><br />When her younger sister's name is chosen for the Games, Katniss volunteers to go in her place.  With her superior hunting skills and fiery temper, Katniss quickly becomes a favorite of the Games and of the people.  As the story unfolds we are able to watch Katniss grow emotionally as she learns of friendship, heartache, loss, and possible love.  Katniss is young and confused as to what she wants and needs.  She is a very likeable character, and it is hard to watch her struggle to find her way.<br /><br />I loved the humor in the book, and it was well written.  I found it hard to put down!
B00304LF0W|3.0|I liked this version of Activity, but part two was awful. The third part is pretty good too, but the original is the best like all films with sequels and remakes.
1878424319|4.0|This book combines mysticism with basic psychology.  The content is actually simple and confusing at the same time.  It is a very easy read and can be helpful to just about anyone.  The underlying concepts make sense!  But in order for this guide to be effective the reader must be very committed and disciplined.  In this respect the attainment of \\"heaven on Earth\\" is over-simplified.  The book is well-written and entertaining.  I recommend this book for everyone!  We ALL have a little bit of hell in our lives for no good reason.
B005YVSFT8|2.0|I love this series but bloodletting didn't have much of the walking corpses in this episode which was a bummer. The other episodes from the first season was amazing, and the other two I have seen in this season is good but Bloodletting was a let down for me. The first season seems to be much better than the second, but hopefully it will turn out alright.
B001HN6922|1.0|the original Cars film was amazing and my son loved it.  We thought Cars 2 would be the perfect first theater experience for him and were sorely disappointed.  Pixar has never been more off the mark.  The first film was funny for kids and adults, with jokes appropriate for all age levels.  Cars 2 was violent and offensive.  My son asked to leave after 20 minutes and I wish we had.  We stayed, thinking it was just the theater experience he had to adjust to, then they had cars beating up another car in the bathroom!  The whole film was uncomfortable to watch with a 4 year old.   I was happy that they made reference to losing Paul Newman and there were obviously a few funny things, but overall, this movie is not appropriate for the same age group as the first movie. Definitely screen this movie before family movie night or you could have some upset children.
0316286869|5.0|Awesome! I am very happy with this book. It was in great shape and came right away. I would definitely buy from this supplier again.
1451648537|5.0|This is the first book I have read cover-to-cover without jumping to something else in between.  It gave great insights into Jobs, Apple, many other people, and technology over the last 35 years.  I was in the computer industry from 1966 to 2006 and could relate to much of the comments and changes.  The book seemed to be as advertised/written about telling the story, both good and bad without Steve editing it.  It strikes me that Apple will continue with technology because of the people and what Steve created in the environment; their marketing and advertising will continue, but no one at Apple or any other company that big will ever have someone so passionate and involved with every detail of so many aspects of the company and its products.  He was a fanatic and a wacko in many ways, but it sure worked for Apple and the world.
1423388348|1.0|This might be the worst book I've ever listened to.  The man reading the book sounds like he's moonlighting from his job recording safety instructions for airlines.  Worse than the narrator, though, there is absolutely no substance here.  The characters are very hard to like, let alone relate to. The father is a spineless coward and the daughter is a spoiled brat.  Maybe the storyline would be feasible if it were an 11-year-old child throwing a tantrum about her father dating and remarrying, but a 20-something woman?  Come on!  I've only gotten through disk 5 (of 8), and I'm not sure I'll be able to suffer through the rest...
B005J29HCQ|5.0|This box set is fantastic! All the music together as it should be, at long last, plus extras on disc two that prove Brian Wilson was the master of his domain, the world of pop music. Brian's Smile album in 2004 was also wonderful music, but I believe this tops it, just because the musicians and the voices of the Beach Boys were the best ever, better than anyone else in history. Period.  I did not want to wait for Amazon to ship it, so bought it on Tuesday November 1st at a local record shop for almost $4 more than the price on Amazon. Why? Because it is Friday, November 4 after 10:30am and Amazon still has not shipped it! I have waited for new releases to come in the mail before, for maybe a day or two, but this seems like a very long wait. I have tried multiple times over several days to cancel the order, without success.  If I compare the time some Beach Boy fans have waited to hear this music, since 1967, so over 44 years.... I guess I should not complain. If I ever get it (!), I'll give the duplicate as a gift to some lucky friend or family member. And, it would make a nice gift to anyone who loves beautiful music.  Congratulations Beach Boys! Better late than never.
B005974CDU|5.0|When I first heard Images and Words back in 1992 I knew instantly this was going to be my favorite band. So I have bought all their albums, many of their side projects and most of Portnoy's drumming cds. As a former drummer I have always enjoyed Portnoy's playing and was thrilled to be able to hear all the drum parts so well in DT's music. I probably, like most DT fans, am very familiar with their music. However, unlike many fans, I have always been very pleased with the result of every cd they have made. I know changes in music directions have been made in every new cd, and I think that is good. I don't want any band to grow stale, that's why even Portnoy's growls weren't enough to change my mind.    I must say I have eagerly awaited every new cd and haven't been disappointed yet. Well, I mean to say I have never been disapppointed in  their studio music. I love Labrie's voice, I think he sounds just perfect for the band. However, in an attempt to rest his voice during the long tours, I think he deliberately sings off key to rest and save his voice. Now I can't blame him for that, but when he does that he sounds, well, awful. I usually can't watch their live concerts  but one time because that ruins it for me. However I'll listen to the same studio music a few hundred times.    Now I did wonder how the change in drummers was going to effect the band, but that was from a personal standpoint. I hoped the change wouldn't have a negative effect on their music, and it didn't. Even though I wouldn't have wanted to be friends with Portnoy, I did like and respect his playing. He has always been one of my favorite rock drummers and thankfully I have all these older DT cds to listen to. But I don't blame DT for changing drummers considering what happened. To have a successful band you must keep the band number one in thought and energy and he clearly didn't do that. He spent so much time with other bands and when it came time to record with DT he was tired and needed a longbreak. He didn't put them first. They were also probably tired of his domineering ways so it was a good time for a split. And they made a wise choice in Mangini. He not only is a great drummer but, being a nice guy, he's also thrilled to be a member and eager to get along with the band.    This new cd is different than all the others, just as every new one in the past was. I also hear parts that remind me of some of their earlier work but I don't think any band can completely be free from their past, nor would they want to. I like this cd as much as I have liked any of their other cds and it has all the ingredients that made all their music special. I noticed Labrie's singing is stronger than ever and Rudess now has his keyboards equally at the forefront with Petrucci's great playing. Myung also does his usual, which is the best bass playing  I know of. That's the thing I like about this band, their creativity and technical proficiency, both collectively and individually. I feel it's the best in the business.    But there is one thing I'm not too pleased with. I agree with other reviewers who stated the drums seem to be in the background more and are harder to hear. I noticed that immediately and I don't like it. I love the drumming on the cd but it was deliberately done for a change and Portnoy wasn't there to assure it was louder. Mangini is an incredible player and he does a fantastic job on this cd and it's not his fault you can't hear it as well. In fact every time I listen to it I hear things I didn't hear before and I'm very impressed. But I feel it does detract from the music some. But he is a new band member and wants to be accepted and maybe doesn't have the standing yet to voice opinions. Maybe the next cd will have him participating in the creative process and he will be able to express himself more. He is such a monster player and shouldn't be held back.  That's the only fault I can find in this new cd. It is another exemplary piece of music from DT and I believe any fan will like it.
B004GCPJDQ|3.0|I bought this but left it sealed in the box and didn't use it.  The AA batteries on the magic mouse last FOREVER so i didn't end up needing this charger.  Maybe if you use the mouse more than I do you might find more use for this, or if you have a desktop buy this when your batteries get low.  But I'm still on the original batteries that came with my magic mouse.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is a great story. It grips you from the beginning and leaves you ready for the next book. I highly recommend reading all three in succession. Finally something different and not like the other books out lately which are just stories of vampires, vampires, vampires, oh and sometimes a werewolf. This is about humans and their relationships. About what happens when the government has too much control. It's a must read.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|By now, everyone who has heard Lulu can agree that it just sounds like Metallica threw together some lousy music for Lou Reed to drunkenly ramble some goofy lyrics over.  Because of this...I won't bother saying anything more about the music, other than Lou Reed is one of the most untalented vocalists I've ever heard, and Metallica's songwriting and performance sounds like they were barely trying.  What I'm more interested in is why did Metallica do this project?  Did Metallica owe Lou Reed a favor?  Were they hoping for some quick cash?  I just don't understand why the band felt so compelled to go through the trouble to release something this lackluster.  Especially since they so rarely bother to go into a studio to record new music, which makes this album even more confusing.  I think the worst part is that they're claiming this is some of the best work they've ever done, clearly proving to the world how out of touch they are as not only musicians, but also for their fan's expectations of the legacy they created.  The only thing we can do as Metallica fans is to not buy this album.  Simply don't buy it.  Show them that even a popular brand-name like Metallica can put out a bad product that even their most loyal fans will not purchase.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I have this game as an app and on my pc and enjoy it on both. It is a good solid tower defense type game. Even after beating story mode the game continues and has lots of mini games. Worth the purchase!
B002KSPKRS|2.0|First let me say, Turtle Beach is awesome, and this review in no way reflects my feelings about their other products. I did not like this headset. This is my 3rd Turtle Beach, and the first one that I have not liked. I'll line out my problems with this product below.  -Supposedly has 30ft range: Nope. If I got more than 10 feet away, or was not in line of sight to the transmitter, I got terrible static and popping noises.  -Sudden movements, like a quick turn of the head, would result in popping noises and possible temporary loss of signal.   -Microphone monitoring was so minimal that I couldn't hear myself speak unless I had the microphone right up against my lips.   -Maximum volume was comfortable, but not loud by any means. Sometimes I like to feel immersed by making the explosions actually sound like they're nearby and not far away. After reading about this issue, I found out this is a \\"feature\\", not a problem. Yeah right.   -The Mic cable is very sensitive. If I rotated the mic jack at all, it would have a loud burst of static.   -The worst thing about this headset is the consistent popping sound. It happens every few seconds, and is very distracting, not to mention annoying. This apparently happens when you have a wireless router that is on the same frequency as the transmitter (which is on the same frequency as most wireless routers). After changing the wireless channel, the popping happened less often, but it still happened.   I have returned this product and plan to buy a wired headset, probably the Turtle Beach X12 and gain surround sound by purchasing an Ear Force DSS 7.1 Channel Dolby Surround Sound Processor (the combined cost of which is less than the x41).
B0055V6EZE|5.0|If you are a fan of blues/delta blues/jazz or good old fashioned rockabilly - don't miss this album! Stellar performances by everyone involved, and really great music.  I am honestly surprised that Hugh Laurie even had an acting career (as good as he is in it!) given the amount of sheer musical talent he displays on this music. This man has more talent in multiple arts than most performers have in a single area.
B003B02O0U|1.0|okay..so i am a big fan of john grisham.  He is very slow, but his books are good in the end and they capture your attention.  They have a good plot that ends up being perfectly paced.  but, this book is boring, dumb, and overall a terrible plot.  The synopsis is extremely exciting, but in reality, it is awful.  do yourself a favor and skip this one.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This is a sweet app for guitarists. I particularly like the ability to transpose the chords. The tools are also very useful. I think i would pay for this app but I like that it's free today...thanks Amazon.
B004W2UBYW|3.0|Having read both this and Woz' autobiography, I came away not liking either of these men at all. I am not the Apple fan that everyone else seems to be but I still was openminded as to the character of the creators of the first Apple macs but between Woz' planet sized ego and Jobs' manipulative personality I struggled to get through either book.
0802130208|5.0|I have read this loads of times since hearing it read on the radio in the 1980s by the excellent Kerry Shale, and I still laugh out loud every time. Ignatius Riley, super-slob, is forced into the world of work where he meets a host of hilarious characters: Miss Trixie, the octogenarian assistant accountant, Darlene, the would-be exotic dancer, who for want of a snake uses her moth-eaten cockatoo; Patrolman Mancuso, the incompetent vice-cop, who for his sins is poted in the restroom in a variety of costumes, seeking a conviction, and Jones, the black criminal, forced into accepting a job at the Night of Joy Bar or going to jail (Toole's skill in portraying Jones' Deep South accent is second to none). ABSOLUTELY SUPERB , deserves six out of five.
B004J88SGC|5.0|I've been a Billy Joel fan since the very beginning - and we're talking almost 40 years back.  My wife and I have seen him numerous times, but the crowning achievement was taking our four kids to the sold-out River of Dreams tour with tickets provided by Jane Argentiou, his personal assistant.  I saw the DVD and the relatively modest price and thought I had nothing to lose...but little did I know what I had to gain.  Watching a near flawless capture of the crowd, the performance, even the emotion of a mature performer doing a retrospective of a singular career with all the stops pulled out and no holds barred was special.  Better[[ASIN:B004CYVZ36 The Last Play at Shea]] than any concert because the mix was where I wanted it to be, and the seats were far better.  Give yourself a treat, get it now!
0307655105|5.0|Had this as a preschooler in 1960s and loved the pictures- they're ideal to look at and discuss with your child even before he can read. There's little humourous touches everywhere. Bought a copy recently for a friend's child and wanted to keep it! The rabbit in a chef's hat holding a frying pan on fire labelled 'good cook'; the picture of a classroom where the text reads 'you can learn many things in school- Little Bear is learning how to find a lost glove'!! Wonderful!<br />NB Just bought another copy for my granddaughter - was careful to get an old version (the cover design shows mother only in the kitchen, rather than the politically correct mom and dad sharing the chores!) This contains lots of sections that were omitted from later editions such as flower garden. Worth paying a bit more for an older one!!
B004LROUNG|5.0|The Litigator was a fast paced, enjoyable read!  I love John Grisham's books, but this one reminds me of his earlier writings which were more hard hitting and meaningful!
B004W4N55C|5.0|yeah i already bought this app from the android marketplace and it is probably the best guitar app in existence....and the fact that its free today gives any guitarist no excuse to not get this......i would have payed 15 dollars for this
B005I0DUMC|5.0|The five stars are for the movie.  I give Amazon zero stars for fulfilling pre-orders.  I pre-ordered this movie over a month ago and it still has not shipped out.  I cancelled the order the purchased it somewhere else cheaper no less.  Anyway, I love this movie.  I am not a real Stallone fan but this movie is great.  This movie should have been promoted much more than it was when it was released.  The movie had a good storyline and plenty of action.  It also had an allstar cast that included Harvey Keitel, Robert DeNiro, Ray Liotta, Sly Stallone, Kathy Moriarty, Annabella Sciorra, Robert Patrick, Malik Yorba and Peter Berg.    What more could you ask for?
B002SAUCBC|1.0|This is a very disappointing work from the master of horror. The characterizations of the main and supporting characters were mundane. The ordeal they were going through never hit it with regards in making the reader feel the pain and exhaustion one should feel in a story like this. Everything, every event, every graphically described death was predicable - even the ending. A big \\"fail\\" for an author who wrote so many amazing books - this one falls so short of anything else Mr. King has written.
B004W4N55C|1.0|I was really looking forward to downloading and using this app.  But, there is a problem with installing it just hangs on my samsung fascinate galaxy s phone. However, It allowed me to download it so maybe they will make a patch so I may use it then I can re-rate with a better review.  Ntl ..Bol.. for those with a galaxy s phone.
B005H0IW6W|3.0|If you're looking for big band arrangements, this is NOT it.  Pick up Tony Bennett's Swingin' Christmas featuring the Count Basie Orchestra or one of Harry Connick, Jr's three Christmas CDs to get your Christmas party going.  I expected some swing from Buble so this disappoints.  This is an intimate, laid back collection.  So grab some Hot Chocolate and sit by the fire place with a blanket, a good book and your loved ones.  Although there are 18 tracks (Winter Wonderland, Frosty The Snowman, & Silver Bells are Target Exclusives) most just aren't great...they're just standard songs with no feeling.  I'd prefer Quality over Quantity.  Seems like they tried to recreate \\"Christmas with the Rat Pack\\" with random back up singers.  It often seems Buble is imitating not emulating, Elvis (on Blue Christmas) or Dean Martin.  I won't even get into Shania Twain's duet...a poor match of two great singers.  Tony Bennett was taught \\"Never imitate another singer. Listen to musicians, and find out how they feel about a song. If you imitate another singer, you'll just be one of the chorus.\\"  This CD is just one for a collection...sadly not a stand out.
1594744769|5.0|This book is awesome.  It's funny and odd, a real page-turned.  Anybody who loves a good mystery coupled with some sci-fi happenings should real this book.
B000FC1AGG|5.0|I enjoyed every minute of reading this book! Well worth the money and it sure made me want to meet Jack!   Keep wondering what he looks like.. good read..
B004W4N55C|5.0|I totally love this app. Works flawlessly on my, LG G2X running CM7. The chord finder is one of the best I've found and while the tabs are available online, the interface for the tabs in the app beats the one online simply because this is a paid app.<br /><br />If you play, you really need to download this app. Seriously.
B003WUYOQ6|5.0|I've read quite a few books that make some of the same points this one does about nutrition.  I was already convinced saturated fat wasn't bad, and didn't cause heart disease.  I was already convinced that sugar wasn't good for you--nor was a lot of bread and pasta.  BUT I had never questioned the calories in/calories out theory.  I knew plenty of people carrying extra pounds who exercised a lot and who didn't appear to eat any worse than I did (as a thin person), but I figured they must.  I never questioned to think WHY do people eat more than need.  The short answer is: glucose drives insulin drives fat.  Taubes states that this is inarguable.  I thought, well if it is inarguable than if I go read this [[ASIN:0716746840 Biochemistry, Fifth Edition: International Version (hardcover)]] book sitting on my bookshelf it will say the same thing.  Sure enough it did, granted using a lot bigger words than Taubes does.  Fatty acids will not be released into the blood stream to be used as energy if the glucose level is high.  Thus it is logical to conclude that if you eat a diet that causes your blood sugar to frequently be high, all energy you consume that is not immediately needed will be stored in your fat cells and will not be released.  You will not get to use all of the 800 calories you eat at one meal, only the 100 or so you need immediately, and thus you will soon be hungry again, and will overeat.  And in contrast if your blood sugar is stable and you can access that stored energy you will not be hungry and won't overeat.  Also it doesn't matter if you are eating fat or glucose your body will convert what its got to what it needs.<br /><br />Another controversial claim he  is that exercise does not help people lose weight permanently.  I am a champion of exercise.  How could this be?  Honestly his arguments made sense, kind of, but didn't completely convince me.  However when I pulled out the Biochem book it says, \\"Muscle retains glucose, its preferred fuel for bursts of activity...In resting muscle, fatty acids are the major fuel, meeting 85 percent of the energy needs.\\"  So there you go.  If you are trying to lose weight, and are doing so by keeping your blood sugar stable, which is releasing fatty acids into your blood stream, and you want those fatty acids to be used, versus having your body (ie muscles) crave glucose, then intense exercise will not help you.  Your body will more readily use those fatty acids if it is resting.<br /><br />The other question is whether ketosis is a desirable state to be in.  There is a bit of controversy on this and I haven't resolved an opinion one way or the other.  I have epilepsy and know that a ketogenic diet is a viable treatment for epilepsy.  I know that there are some societies, particularly the Inuits, that ate a mostly ketogenic diet, so it is not unheard of.  Maybe humans are supposed to enter ketosis seasonally? Your brain and muscles do like glucose--can they run as well on a ketogenic diet? Some say they can, it just takes an adjustment period.  Either way, I definitely think for a person who has excess weight Atkins is vindicated.  Cut your carbs, drop significant amounts of weight (probably feeling crappy in the transition, but resting muscles can use the fuel better anyway so crashing on the couch is fine till you get used to it and end up having more energy than before).  When you hit a desirable weight slowly add back a small amount of carbs until you start gaining again, and start an exercise routine with all your new found energy.  As exercise is good for weight maintenance, and it's good for you brain (read [[ASIN:0316113506 Spark: The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain]] by John Ratey). Then do that forever.  I would really love to see a long term study where the participants stay on the diet.<br /><br />I found the book very readable and engaging. How much fruit is too much? Will eating more fat really improve your cholesterol profile? How many carbs are too many? I don't know.  Taubes makes some guesses, but nutrition is a very complex science that I don't think anyone completely understands.  If you read vegan arguments they make many of the same claims that Taubes does (better cholesterol levels, weight management, etc).  However it does seem that every major nutritional philosophy pegs sugar as being a major problem.  It may be as simple as that.  I'll process this information.  Read [[ASIN:1400033462 Good Calories, Bad Calories: Fats, Carbs, and the Controversial Science of Diet and Health (Vintage)]]. Experiment on myself (finger pokes here I come), and have increased anxiety about what I feed my kids--especially the pasta, bread, fruit and sugar loving one.<br /><br />(*I edited this section after my initial review.)s are too many? I don't know.  Taubes makes some guesses, but nutrition is a very complex science that I don't think anyone completely understands.  If you read vegan arguments they make many of the same claims that Taubes does (better cholesterol levels, weight management, etc).  However it does seem that every major nutritional philosophy pegs sugar as being a major problem.  It may be as simple as that.  I'll process this information.  Read [[ASIN:1400033462 Good Calories, Bad Calories: Fats, Carbs, and the Controversial Science of Diet and Health (Vintage)]]. Experiment on myself (finger pokes here I come), and have increased anxiety about what I feed my kids--especially the pasta, bread, fruit and sugar loving one.<br /><br />(*I edited this section after my initial review.)
B004W4N55C|5.0|I love that we get a free app every day.... I hate that some people decided to procreate &amp; out came &quot;guitar hero is better&quot;. I want to smack that kid that couldn't get the songs to play. Surprised he figured out how to download it since he obviously can't read. Ha
B0015AARJI|5.0|great controller, just didn't realize it was coming from overseas, so it took longer than the other items in my order
0385535139|5.0|In my opinion, John Grisham just keeps getting better and better!! I should qualify that by saying that I loved his earlier books, then did not like the \\"middle\\" books at all, but the last few have been even better than his first, in my opinion. This book was back to his wonderful use of suspense, and had more humor than usual. If you used to like him then became a non-fan, please read this book because he is back, and better than ever before!
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I was so excited to get this book. I have read all of Mr. Sparks' books and have enjoyed them all, some more than others, but never the less, I have enjoyed them. This one wasn't one of the best nor did I enjoy it. In fact, when I was done, I was mad at myself for being swept up in the story. I was mad at myself for wasting my time reading it. And, mostly, I was mad at Mr. Sparks for writing such a predictible, yet unbelieveable, ending.
0061743526|5.0|I ordered this for my daughter because they are reading this in school.  She had been home with the flu and the book came like two days after I ordered it!! Looks amazing and delivery was quick!!!
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I'll admit that I don't read too many books and only mildy get into the whole Zombie craze.  However, after recently purchasing a Kindle, World War Z was one of my first selections.  I can honestely say it was one of the most fun books I've read in a long time and would recommend it to any reader.  I found the \\"oral history\\" format very easy to read and the book really made it feel like a 1st person account of an actual crisis. From the intial outbreak stages and governement responses to the all out dissintegration of world society, each situation presented had an erry sense of realism that I've seldom felt from many fictional books.
B004LROMX4|5.0|I started watching this SciFi drama from the start. This is the type of story that can facinate me for many seasons. I am a Stargate SG1, Atlantis, and to some extent Universe fan for many years, and these type and style to stories continue to hold my undivided attention. I just love this stuff!  So far the Aliens have come, they aren't frendly, and they have been kicking butt. It looks like the 2nd Mass will have to take the lead to defeat the Aliens. Torward the end of season 1 a new invader class was introduiced that may be incharge of the operation, but we aren't sure. Can't wait for season 2
0316067938|1.0|\\"Somehow, unlikely as it was, it seemed I was about to get everything I'd been fighting for.\\"<br /><br />The big day has come: Bella Swan and Edward Cullen are going to get married.  But what about Jacob Black?  And the Volturi?  And will Edward ever feel comfortable being all vampire-y around Bella?<br /><br />WARNING: I'm sure this review is going to have LOADS of spoilers.  So here's your warning.  I'll summarize (if that's even possible to do in a paragraph) for those who have skipped.<br /><br />Let me first put this out there: while these books have never been the pinnacle of brilliant story, beautiful writing, and admirable (or even likeable) characters, I've chomped them down like the Halloween candy left in my bowl.  I connected with Bella back in \\"Twilight\\", sympathized with Bella's emptiness in \\"New Moon\\" (though certainly NOT her reason why), and hung in there in \\"Eclipse\\".<br /><br />Breaking Dawn has got to be one of the biggest slaps in the faces to fans.  All the buildup, all the events, all the circumstances of the last three books is pretty much nullified in this glorified fan fiction.<br /><br />And when I say fan fiction, I mean it.  I wouldn't be surprised if Meyer surfed Fan-ficition.net for the inspiration of this novel.  It has all the wonderfully annoying tropes we've come to know and hate from fanfic:<br /><br />1. Mary Sue Protagonist that is able to use her super-power flawlessly at just the appropriate moment, saving the day and earning respect from all the good guys (and even some of the baddies).<br /><br />2. Sloppy resolution of conflict requiring absolutely NO sacrifice on the part of the Mary Sue and her beloved family and requiring all the characters to act 100% different.<br /><br />3. Chastising anyone who dares to defy the supremacy of the Mary Sue.<br /><br />4. Miracle babies who age overnight, who are loved by any and all (and if they aren't loved, the people who hate them are execrable), and who are superbly Mary Sueish themselves (hybrids in a franchise that hasn't established it and in fact has denied it, super-duper powers).<br /><br />5. Repetitive writing that refuses to skip over any period of time, making sure each and every day of the two weeks of the Mary Sue's pregnancy is related in all its fountains of blood glory.<br /><br />6. Really horribly rendered sex and awkward fight scenes.<br /><br />7. Strange usage of words and overusage of others (\\"chagrin\\", anyone?).<br /><br />8. Women who are unable to do anything without the dominance of their husbands.<br /><br />9. Characters that the author tries to portray as being one thing (selfless, humble, not looks obsessed), but that come out being the complete opposite.<br /><br />10. A lack of understanding of love between two characters.<br /><br />As I've said before, none of Meyer's books have been completely devoid of the following.  Bella has always been a weak-willed, selfish, emo teenager.  Edward has always been a domineering stalker.  The writing has always been purply, and the plot usually appears in the last 200 pages.<br /><br />But at least Meyer had a little bit of consistency--not much, but a little.  She always kept things tamed down at least a bit, made her characters work just a smidgeon.<br /><br />Not here.  And that is where my two big complaints boil down to:<br /><br />1. Bella doesn't have to sacrifice ANYTHING to get her \\"Happily Ever After\\".  She gets her perfect husband, Edward.  She gets a beautiful baby.  She is gorgeous and powerful and admired and loved and envied and fast and useful and intimidating to vampires thousands of years her senior without having to do much work at all.  She has Jacob always by her side; she doesn't have to leave Charlie; she has no problems getting her parents to let her marry (her mother, supposedly the one to raise her to avoid marrying young, is 100% gung ho, saying that Bella \\"has always had an old soul\\").  Bella doesn't miss her friends, who disappear after the wedding (apparently to do the bad woman thing and go to college to get lives away from their boyfriends).  Bella doesn't have regrets about missing out on humanity.  Bella's life as a vampire is paradise for her, only she didn't have to do anything to get it.<br /><br />2. Renesmee.  I don't care about Meyer's sloppy patch to include her, there is no reason she should have been born.  Nothing about her existence makes sense--even if I do believe a vampire male and a human female can have a child, why would the child EVER be born in a couple of weeks and be full grown by the age of 7?  Who would WANT that?  And Jacob's imprinting on her...there are so many levels of anger I feel.  As Jacob himself says at one point, \\"What's wrong with going out and falling in love like a normal person, Leah? Imprinting is just another way of getting your choices taken away from you\\"  Why then TOTALLY NEGATE the message and have Jacob imprint on Renesmee?  Why couldn't Jacob have a romance with the far more interesting, Leah (and yeah, I totally hate how she is made to look like the bad guy for telling Bella off for Bella's selfish behavior)?  What if Renesmee wants to have a relationship with someone else (somewhat hinted at in the end)?  Oh, right, a woman is incomplete without a man (note how all the major women are paired off at the end--except for big, bad, evil Leah).<br /><br />Even though I had been full warned about the WTFery in this book, I didn't go in expecting to hate it.  In fact, I actually didn't mind the first 150 pages.  Sure, Bella was a complete doormat, but she always had been.  Sure, Edward was domineering (and yes, if my husband withheld sex from me, I would be creating way more fuss than Bella does!), but he's always been that way.  But once the baby plot came in, and Bella's character suddenly changed to Perfect Mother (something that is ludicrous given she can't even pick out her own clothes without Edward telling her to), I just couldn't take it.  I couldn't take the weird turn of events.  Even through Jacob's POV (wonderful and insightful by itself), I was in shock.  I actually was glad to return to Bella's POV because I was so tired of Jacob doing nothing (everyone mentioned the \\"vomiting fountains of blood\\" and Edward nomming Bella's belly, but no one mentioned the tedium of Jacob running patrols around the Cullen house for 200 pages!!), and I thought, with Bella experiencing the pain of transformation, that it would get better.<br /><br />And then Renesmee appeared.  And then we spent 30000 pages of Bella describing each and every movement, her complete transformation to Mary Sueism--I mean, vampirism--and finally, to the Volturi, which actually wasn't bad.  Sure, a final battle would have been better, but in this mediocre series, the ending actually was fitting.<br /><br />On one hand, I chastise myself for wasting all this time reading this waste of paper.  I would have done better to read some teenager's fanfic of the conclusion to Twilight--at least it wouldn't have cost me anything.  But then, I knew that I would always wonder if this book was truly as bad as everyone says.  I have endured the horror of \\"Breaking Dawn\\" to tell you this: do not be as stupid as I am.  Go to a fanfiction site and read something there.  Save your money, your time...and most importantly, your belief in humanity.<br /><br />Brought to you by:<br />*C.S. Light*s paradise for her, only she didn't have to do anything to get it.  2. Renesmee.  I don't care about Meyer's sloppy patch to include her, there is no reason she should have been born.  Nothing about her existence makes sense--even if I do believe a vampire male and a human female can have a child, why would the child EVER be born in a couple of weeks and be full grown by the age of 7?  Who would WANT that?  And Jacob's imprinting on her...there are so many levels of anger I feel.  As Jacob himself says at one point, \\"What's wrong with going out and falling in love like a normal person, Leah? Imprinting is just another way of getting your choices taken away from you\\"  Why then TOTALLY NEGATE the message and have Jacob imprint on Renesmee?  Why couldn't Jacob have a romance with the far more interesting, Leah (and yeah, I totally hate how she is made to look like the bad guy for telling Bella off for Bella's selfish behavior)?  What if Renesmee wants to have a relationship with someone else (somewhat hinted at in the end)?  Oh, right, a woman is incomplete without a man (note how all the major women are paired off at the end--except for big, bad, evil Leah).  Even though I had been full warned about the WTFery in this book, I didn't go in expecting to hate it.  In fact, I actually didn't mind the first 150 pages.  Sure, Bella was a complete doormat, but she always had been.  Sure, Edward was domineering (and yes, if my husband withheld sex from me, I would be creating way more fuss than Bella does!), but he's always been that way.  But once the baby plot came in, and Bella's character suddenly changed to Perfect Mother (something that is ludicrous given she can't even pick out her own clothes without Edward telling her to), I just couldn't take it.  I couldn't take the weird turn of events.  Even through Jacob's POV (wonderful and insightful by itself), I was in shock.  I actually was glad to return to Bella's POV because I was so tired of Jacob doing nothing (everyone mentioned the \\"vomiting fountains of blood\\" and Edward nomming Bella's belly, but no one mentioned the tedium of Jacob running patrols around the Cullen house for 200 pages!!), and I thought, with Bella experiencing the pain of transformation, that it would get better.  And then Renesmee appeared.  And then we spent 30000 pages of Bella describing each and every movement, her complete transformation to Mary Sueism--I mean, vampirism--and finally, to the Volturi, which actually wasn't bad.  Sure, a final battle would have been better, but in this mediocre series, the ending actually was fitting.  On one hand, I chastise myself for wasting all this time reading this waste of paper.  I would have done better to read some teenager's fanfic of the conclusion to Twilight--at least it wouldn't have cost me anything.  But then, I knew that I would always wonder if this book was truly as bad as everyone says.  I have endured the horror of \\"Breaking Dawn\\" to tell you this: do not be as stupid as I am.  Go to a fanfiction site and read something there.  Save your money, your time...and most importantly, your belief in humanity.  Brought to you by:  *C.S. Light*
B00596WEVI|4.0|I was way-stoked about this one.  I mean, c'mon.  Scott Adkins (Ninja, Undisputed II) and Van Damme (The Quest, Bloodsport)?  I'm there!  Hell, I was there yesterday.<br /><br /> The opener is Van Damme disguised in some hideous sideburns performing a clever assassination of some Euro-mob father-of-the-bride.  Well done, and already more promising than most of Van Damme's work in the past decade.  Thankfully, the sideburns do not endure throughout the movie.  What does is some surprisingly decent camera work, abrupt but good combat work, and not so surprisingly mediocre acting.  Van Damme has a hitman-chic, secret bachelor pad, a cute turtle, and a violin collection.<br /><br />Then we cut to Scott Adkins, who is sponge-bathing the catatonic wife in a bedroom the size of a quadriplex.  Oh, yeah, he's also a hitman.  These guys both agree to do the same job, end up planning on doing it at the same time, and it gets botched.  They fight.  They make up.  They work together.  To give the stars some flavor, some concepts were clearly borrowed from other movies.  Adkins pulls some a la-The Professional vanishing acts while Van Damme has a rather Transporter-ish unwelcomed female guest (who also smacks of an older, emotion-evoking Natalia Portman from The Professional).  These are over embellishments, of course.<br /><br />Some interesting things stuck out in this movie.  1  The filmmakers really tried to make this good--for a straight-to-DVD action flick they did, but I won't dare suggest it should've been in theaters.  2  Time is a strong element.  I think they were going for a subtle motif, but it is way in your face.  3  Neither hitman needs the money.  They kill to fill some other void.  4) Van Damme hasn't been working out nearly as much as Adkins.<br />In the end, this was a solid straight-to-DVD action flick that made me want to re-watch Double Impact and Undisputed II where they each shined brightest.
0060989157|5.0|This book is entertaining as hell.  If you're a fan of the genre or a fan of the band, you'll enjoy reading this book.  Debauchery at its finest.
0156027321|5.0|One of my favorite books ever! Beautiful prose. Imagination as a method of survival for a 16 year old boy who finds himself a castaway after a ship wreck.  I will re-read this again and again.
B004W4N55C|5.0|All of the features work well on my Droid Incredible 2. Didn't find tabs for some songs I searched, but most of them were there.<br /><br />Ya'all shouldn't rate an app poorly because Amazon doesn't behave the way you expect. Complain to Amazon if the free app isn't free at exactly midnight Pacific time. It is unfair to penalize the programmer for something that has absolutely nothing to do with his/her work, and doesn't help anyone who's looking for honest opinions of the app. THAT is what these ratings are for. If you want to bash Amazon's FAOTD program, please do it in an appropriate place, like an Android forum.
B000000OMB|5.0|\\"Asia\\" #1 (1982).    When this band formed in late '81, John Wetton was just getting out of Wishbone Ash, Carl Palmer put aside his band XYZ, Geoff Downes quit the Buggles and Steve Howe dropped out of Yes.  This album brought together progressive-rock with a pop underbelly.  When I first heard \\"Heat Of The Moment\\", #4 hot 100 and #1 MSR, it was a breath of fresh air on the music charts.  Rock 'N' Roll radio ate this album up, and it should of, it was that good.  Wetton's vocals are top notch.(I alway's thought he was one little step below Greg Lake at the time).  Their follow up single \\"Only Time Will Tell\\", #17 hot 100 and #8 MSR.  Other great songs on this terrific debut were, \\"Here Comes The Feeling\\" #40 MSR,  \\"Time Again\\", #43 MSR, \\"Wildest Dreams\\", #28 MSR, \\"Sole Survivor\\", a classic tune with John Wetton's excellent bass work, the beautiful mid-tempo ballad \\"Without You\\" and the slashing \\"Cutting It Fine\\".  Carl Palmer's drumming and Steve Howe's guitar work couldn't be topped on this disc.
030726999X|4.0|To me, the plot did not at all move along at the same clip as the prior books. The suspense just wasn't there to the same degree. I recall that I simply could not put down the previous books, but I was nowhere near as riveted by this one. For the good points of the book, the ending (if that is what we can call the last 150-200 pages) is a very nice, tightly written section that ties everything together beautifully. For the ending alone, this story is worth reading.
B00154GEFU|3.0|\\"Phoenix\\" (2008  #73.<br />\\"Phoenix\\", sold very well for a band that had been off the charts for 18 years.  \\"Phoenix\\" started off with great tracks \\"Never Again\\" and \\"Nothing's Forever\\", prime early 80's Asia.  After this it get's a little hit and miss.  John Wetton had just gone under the knife with some heart problems.  Other top tunes, \\"An Extraordinary Life\\" and \\"I Will Remember You\\".  Not a great album overall, but glad to have them back.  \\"Omega\\" would come in 2 years, and that material is even better.
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|Just pre-ordered the Region Free 3D Bluray from Amazon UK. With a 2D version blu ray , a DVD and a real Digital copy.  It will be released on Dec. 2
B0039SFKSW|4.0|\\"Omega\\" (2010) Did not chart (should have, good songs here).  If it was 1982, this album would go  platinum for sure!  \\"Finger On the Trigger\\", \\"Through My Veins\\", \\"Listen Children\\", \\"Emily\\", \\"Light The Way\\" and \\"I Believe\\", would be top radio hits.  Overall the best material since \\"Alpha\\".  Better than \\"Phoenix\\", for sure, anybody that loved Asia in !982-83, should get this album!
B0018CWEYY|4.0|Anytime I can purchase collector items for free of charge I am very satisfied! Use my survey rewrads for Amazon gift cards!!!
B000000OXH|4.0|Alpha\\" #5 (1983).    Over the years we look back on things that brought us joy in our youth, Asia's \\"Alpha\\" was one of things here ***** when it was first released, but over time \\"The Smile Has Left Your Eyes\\" #34 top 100 and 25 MSR and \\"Don't Cry\\", #10 hot 100 and #1 MSR, don't sound all that good anymore.  As for the rest of the album, it's still great stuff, Rock N' Roll radio still were promoting this band in '83.  Other great tunes include, the majestic \\"Never In A Million Years\\", \\"My Own Time (I'll Do What I Want)\\", \\"The Heat Goes On\\" #5 MSR, \\"True Colors\\" #20 MSR, the progressive \\"Open Your Eyes\\", \\"The Last To Know\\", the Downes led \\"Eye To Eye\\" and the magnificent \\"Midnight Sun\\".  Wetton again was in top form, but wouldn't finish the tour with the band in '83, he would be replaced by Greg Lake.  Again produced by the late Mike Stone, who also worked heavyweights Queen, Blue Oyster Cult, Kiss,Foreigner and dozens more.
B004W4N55C|5.0|this is a great app with tons of songs. been wanting this for a while.  nice faotd. works great on my OG running miui.
1400079144|1.0|Like a lot of other readers I've waited for this book to (finally) be published. It took way too many years.  Stephen King, an author who actually publishes novels and not just announces them year after year, said once that a full-time author who cannot write a novel a year is plain lazy. I suspect that in Dan Brown's case it also could have to do with writer's block.  Dan Brown proves this here!  This is one of the worst books I've ever read. No story line, stupid dialogs, etc. Dan Brown's books are getting worse with each one, and he should really read Steve Berry or Clive Cussler to find out how to write a good conspiracy novel.  To anybody who wants to have a good time with a well-written, fast-paced conspiracy novel, I also recommend reading James Rollins, e.g. his latest: The Devil Colony: A Sigma Force Novel.  If anybody still thinks to have to read 'The Lost Symbol' I highly recommend getting it at a used bookstore. There are plenty of them because nobody wants them! You can always donate it back after the ordeal of reading it...
B004GJYROG|4.0|i loved this movie when i was younger.  i am so happy i found it on dvd!!  I have watched it twice already. THANK YOU!!!
0140282033|4.0|I read this book when I was in college. Not for a class or anything but I didn't have cable in my apt. so I spent a couple of months in the library. I watched the movie years before with Juliette Binoche and Johnny Depp and fell in love with it immediately. I was equally smitten with the book. Joanne Harris shows amazing imagery in her writing. Her perspective is very fresh and honest. After I was finished reading it I was tempted to pick it up and start all over again. Definetely easy to finish in one or two sittings (if you have the time).
0470876417|4.0|If a picture paints a 1,000 words, then this book is the equivalent of a library of books. Useful. Helpful. And easy to follow. I'd recommend for creative thinkers planning on going out on their own in the business world.
1400064627|5.0|I saw this movie years ago when I was in high school and was completely captivated to say the least. The combination of Mary Stuart Masterson, Mary Louise Parker, Kathy Bates, and Jessica Tandy was perfect. So years later I saw this book in the library on the suggested reading cart and decided to give it a shot and I was absolutely blown away. I originally thought that seeing the movie before reading the book would ruin the experience but the book easily stands alone. Fannie Flagg makes it all too easy to become emotionally invested in these characters and you won't be able to turn the pages fast enough.  My love for a story has not been matched this much since The Help. This book is easy to finish within a day or two.
B004W4N55C|5.0|The idiots who poorly rated this app because they're running custom ROMs or think it should be Guitar Hero need to be shot. The built-in tuner makes it totally worth the download.
0385738773|5.0|Loved the first two books of the series and this did not disappoint. Delivered on time, great condition, fantastic ending to the series.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I usually love Nicholas Sparks books, but this is definitely not one I could say I love.  The whole thing seemed predicable.  Predictability aside, the build-up and story were not the caliber one expects from an author like Nicholas Sparks.
B004OCCFFI|5.0|Beethoven: Fidelio is a 2011 Decca Music Group Limited recording starring the Mahler Chamber Orchestra and Luncerne Festival Orchestra being led by Claudio Abbado. Thomas May has written the music notes. The lyrics are available in German, French and English. Arnold Schoenberg Chor is led by Erwin Otner. Jonas Kaufmann is superb in the roile of Florestan. A very fine recording indeed. Highly recommended. 5/5.
B004ULNJF8|1.0|When I recieved the product I put in the BD player   and it would not work. I checked to see if it was the player and it was not
6305428387|5.0|This is a warm-hearted, touching movie with a solid John Candy performance. The world ended for me in 1994 when Candy died. Give us Candy fans a little something and re-release this - dare I say - family film - with loads of extras, deleted scenes, outtakes, commentary, documentary - PLEASE!
B00005QGAT|5.0|This album is like it was made in music heaven. Flying guitars, bass, strings, horns, amazing percussion, divine voice of Michael Jackson, incredibly beautiful arrangements..it is beyond words. Off The Wall is a classic that you should definitely listen to. It sounds so fresh and qualified as if it is made today.  Only one word can explain this; \\"genius\\". Just listen to \\"get on the floor\\" and you will see what \\"genius\\" is.<br /><br />I think this is one of the best albums ever made in music history.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I don't know what these morons are doing wrong, this works just fine on my samsung galaxy s epic. installed and ran this program with no problems.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Did not have any issues. Excellent app with database and tools all in one. Also, for those unsure, this is not a game.
1419702203|5.0|I was surprised at the size and weight of this book. It is large and heavy. There are 398 pages! A good place would be on a coffee table in the livingroom or den. Its not the kind of book you just sit down and start reading. Its a picture book of George Harrisons' life from youth to his last days on earth.There are many pages of photographs,letters,diaries and memorabilia from his guitar-obsessed boyhood to his discovery of Indian culture and music,to his independent musician and film producer. I always thought Ringo was the photographer in the group but in this book George had a very good eye for self-shots.The pictures are all different sizes,mostly full page, black and white and color. Each picture has a caption.It took me days to read and look at all the beautiful pictures. Well worth the price if you are a Beatle Fan like me!
B0041KKYGU|4.0|First fact, I'm a teacher. Second fact, normally, as that teacher, I rip teacher movies to shreds because they are so unrealistic and, often, downright dishonest. Third, I had so much fun watching \\"Bad Teacher!\\" Finally, a movie about teaching that doesn't pretend to be realistic. In fact, the movie is not about a teacher, but about Cameron Diaz playing a teacher. There's a significant difference! And, as a big Cameron Diaz fan, I was delighted!<br /><br />Director Jake Kasdan, going with the obvious stance of Diaz PLAYING a teacher, but NOT being teacher, touches on real life. Diaz and Justin Timberlake were a real-life couple for awhile. By juxtaposing a more manly man (Jason Segal, coach) with Timberlake, a very boy-like man, the viewer can easily surmise that Diaz needs a more manly man. In fact, her one \\"intimate\\" scene with Timberlake's substitute teacher character (substitute to the real thing), shows her boredom. It's that universal truism of a woman not knowing which man is really not good for her and which is. While Scarlet O'Hara did not get her man (at least, not in viewer or reader sight), Diaz's character does and we know it. By movie's end, when the viewer learns this, Diaz's character actually seems tamed, more womanly, instead of this unpredictable, wild force of nature.<br /><br />One of the teaching issues made clear is that children need a steadying force, even if it is a bit wild. The cactus she carries into her new room obviously symbolizes her prickly personality. Yet--a cactus endures, just as Diaz's character does. Also, a cactus can provide sustenance.<br /><br />As for the unrealistic parts: Diaz shows movies EVERY day for weeks and no one checks on her classroom? No one observes a new teacher? Middle school students don't complain to parents? Parents don't complain to principals? Supposedly urban/ghetto schools have no structure and no discipline-top down. I've seen so many of that type of movie that I actually believe that's how those schools operate.<br /><br />Given her nature and tendency to self-absorb, I still like the advice she gives to the weird, geek boy who follows the most popular girl around. On a field trip he proclaims his love for this girl right in front of EVERYONE. As if that move will impress a popular girl! Diaz's character tells him first, to lose the geek hat he always wears (a trapper John type) and to give it up because the girl will NEVER EVER like him. Why so blunt? Because \\"I was that girl--empty, shallow\\" and interested only in those like her. Cruel? Maybe? Blunt? Oh, definitely, but information worthy. Move on with your life. It was great advice.<br /><br />Because she wants to buy a pair of big \\"ti__ies\\", Diaz's character tries a number of money making projects, including inserting herself in a school car wash. She becomes a wet t-shirt, shorts, legs, everything and makes plenty. Are we supposed to believe that teachers really do these things? Maybe, but with a grain of salt. After all, she represents \\"bad teachers.\\"<br /><br />Academy Award material. Nope, not the film. Disgusting? Not really. Funny! Yes, I laughed out loud and it felt good! This is a comedy I will see again one day. That in itself is a pretty good recommendation! As for Diaz herself, she plays her character full-throttle. An Academy for Diaz? Probably not, as most awards go to actors playing exceptional, down-trodden characters. An award for a \\"bad teacher\\"? Wild things sometimes happen....ture and tendency to self-absorb, I still like the advice she gives to the weird, geek boy who follows the most popular girl around. On a field trip he proclaims his love for this girl right in front of EVERYONE. As if that move will impress a popular girl! Diaz's character tells him first, to lose the geek hat he always wears (a trapper John type) and to give it up because the girl will NEVER EVER like him. Why so blunt? Because \\"I was that girl--empty, shallow\\" and interested only in those like her. Cruel? Maybe? Blunt? Oh, definitely, but information worthy. Move on with your life. It was great advice.  Because she wants to buy a pair of big \\"ti__ies\\", Diaz's character tries a number of money making projects, including inserting herself in a school car wash. She becomes a wet t-shirt, shorts, legs, everything and makes plenty. Are we supposed to believe that teachers really do these things? Maybe, but with a grain of salt. After all, she represents \\"bad teachers.\\"  Academy Award material. Nope, not the film. Disgusting? Not really. Funny! Yes, I laughed out loud and it felt good! This is a comedy I will see again one day. That in itself is a pretty good recommendation! As for Diaz herself, she plays her character full-throttle. An Academy for Diaz? Probably not, as most awards go to actors playing exceptional, down-trodden characters. An award for a \\"bad teacher\\"? Wild things sometimes happen....
B004P8JPS6|5.0|I can't wait for the next book in the series!!!  I love to read books in a series.  And the Reacher series never diapoints!~!!!!
B004Y1WCDE|4.0|The app needs to be updated, the android market already as 2.0. If already purchased here we can't update,  not very fair for us Amazon market users of plex.
1451648537|1.0|Maybe I should keep reading but I am pretty much stuck in the beginning because I was that annoyed by the way the author characterized adoption as \\"an abandonment\\"! Here are some direct quotes from the first paragraph: \\"later in life when Steve was the same age as his biological father when he abandoned him he abandoned a child\\".... Really, would it have killed you to use the more accurate \\"given him up for adoption\\"?  The disparagement is so subtle it can almost be missed because the author's bias is so ingrained.  It goes on to say that he (Jobs) would bristle when anyone referred to his parents as his adoptive parents as though this was some item of note.   Uh, yeah, that's because they WERE his parents. That would annoy me too. In fact, it annoys me that the author is essentially doing the same!  Jobs goes on, referring to his biological parents as \\"sperm and egg bank\\" and reasserts who his real parents really were. Does this sound like a man who feels abandoned? Jobs himself dispels the fact he hated being referred to as abandoned; but the author treats this almost as though Jobs is deluding himself. I have to tell you--I think Walter Iaasoc knows squat about the dynamics of adoption and this ignorance came out loud and clear in the first chapter!  Some other gems \\"Even though he was growing up knowing he was adopted, he was growing closer to his dad.\\" WTF??? Is there any difference in how a boy feels about his father if he is adopted?? Show me the seven year old who says \\"Dad, even though you are not my real dad, I like you.\\" WHAT? To a child, his dad is his dad, regardless of biology. I can't believe in 2011 I am having to explain this!  Look-I am not adopted nor have I ever given a child up for adoption, but I find his terminology really upsetting on behalf of the many people I know that either have an adopted child or are adopted themselves. A child growing up in an adoptive home does not differentiate between his \\"real dad\\" nor would the facts of his adoption ever preclude a child from bonding with his/her parents. There are exceptions--of course---there are exceptions with biological children too.   What adoptees do struggle with is a sense of identity and a desire to have a biological connection but I would not characterize that as an \\"abandonment\\". An abandoned child grows up without parents, or missing one parent, and feeling unwanted. An adopted child is typically extremely wanted and generally doted upon. (With exceptions, as always). Most adoptees struggle with identity when they get older--some do not. None that I know walk around feeling \\"abandoned\\" the way, say, foster children sometimes do.  Plus---let me defend the courageous young parents who make the decision to place a child for adoption. Parents who place their children up for adoption do the very opposite of abandonment; they instead make the selfless decision to allow their child to have a better life than what they are prepared to offer. It's not as though they left him in a basket by the side of the road.  I honestly do not know if I can keep reading--though I likely will. However, I have never disliked an author so intently in the first few pages of a book. His own biases clearly colored his narrative and that is going to make it hard for me to buy what he is selling!
B004T5R2HQ|1.0|The title pretty much says it all. Takes a sharp pic with the camera then when it gets rendered for manipulation all I get is horizintal lines. Looks like bad tv from the 70s. Tried it periodically over 3 months with 2 different handsets and consistentkt get the same crap results
B005PW3OS8|5.0|I rented Captain America through Amazon Rental and what is to complain about? The $3.99 is reasonable, I like watching it this way because I don't have to handle dirty videos, the last video I rented had something sticky on it like red candy and it stopped working so I had to go back to the store and get another copy, and the movie theater was uncomfortable because the seats were dirty with grime and were sweaty smelling. The reviews were good for this movie and that was a decision-maker for renting, and I was not disappointed. The movie action and music were not overbearing like some others I've seen, there was good quality action and plot and not too long and it kept moving, Chris was perfect for this role and it was amazing how they presented him in two different body forms and sizes. Excellent supporting actors and the ending was superhuman cool.
B005FVA3LK|1.0|The positive....  U2 has composed great music in the past, some live concerts were awesome and one of a kind. The Cd's Achtung Baby and Zooropa sold millions copies and The Zoo Tv tour was full of energy. In short, a real success story.  The negative...  The quality of the sound of the cd's in this box set is definitely not better than the original audio cd's of Achtung Baby and Zooropa, maybe even worse. And those who own single cd's like Stay (faraway so close) can compare the songs to the new box set and easily spot the differences. Too bad, they have made audio adjustments to cd's of the new box set.  It's sometimes alright being melancholy...looking back at great stuff in the past, but sometimes it gets boring. It's the same with many movies. Remember Beverly Hills Cop? Part II was still fun, but part III was not worthwhile seeing anymore. And this is the case with this box set. The old albums Achtung baby and Zooropa are part again of the six cd's and the other four cd's are remixes and different versions. The Zoo Tv concert and all the video's from the old album Achtung Baby are part again of the four DVD's. The other two DVD's are just documentaries and most of them have been shown several times on television in the past. More than half of the material in this box set, most U2 fans already have seen, downloaded or bought. And the most remarkable fact...This is just one box set of a series of five other box sets being sold! Looking back 20 years, is just an excuse to sell more copies and make more profit. And a good example of how bad and money-hungry record companies have become.   Conclusion...  Too much old stuff being sold again...Too commercial.
B000FC1AGG|5.0|I loved this book, and really laughed out loud - excellent read!  I want more! The story takes a few very funny twists and the character is simply wonderful! This was a Kindle purchase.
B002FGU42G|5.0|I've owned a great many pairs of teva's. Always comfortable, they always perform, and they last... what more needs to be said. Great sandal.
B00000K0T8|5.0|go in the elements... enter that zone. produced by the Rza, 4th Disciple, Mathematics, True Master... same thing with cuban linx, liquid swords, etc.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I cannot believe i got this for free. This app organizes the websites content very well. I actually prefer this app to the website. To the reviewer who said he wouldn't trust the tabs: these tabs are submitted by all sorts of musicians. If you want exact notes buya music book. Otherwise, how about picking up your guitar and trying the tab out before saying something negative. Besides, nothing says you can't change it up. Love this app. Well done amazon. Htc thunderbolt. Intermediate acoustic guitar player.
0375826726|2.0|Eragon was an enchanting tale, feeding to the kid inside you. Eldest was a teenager lamenting about his love not being reciprocated by someone much older. Brisinger is a teenager gone wrong who is frustrated and all he loves is gore. I do not see a literary achievement but an every day story of our life where you admire a promising kid who shatters all the dreams because he grows up. I am reading them because I still hope that I will see the end of a plot which I liked when it started and will end. An extra instalment was a bad news for me, although for Paloni it is a good strategy. The way he is growing, I feel he is better off in making as much money as possible, since his future is bleak unless he change.
086571701X|5.0|What a fantastic book!  As a newbie to aquaponics with a background in hydroponics, I found Bernsteins's book to be comprehensive and honest.  Not only does she take the mass of information out there on aquaponics and digest it into one comprehensive, easy-to-understand guide, but she takes the reader \\"behind the curtain\\", revealing both her errors and common ones we all make along the way. This validation gives the book more of a we-are-all-in-this together feel that I truly enjoyed.  While I know plants and fish well, and believe Bernstein handled these sections with thoroughness characteristic of the book, it was the plumbing chapter that I found most valuable. My eyes typically glaze over and people seem to speak in tongues whenever discussions of bulkhead fittings and pipes with genders arise. But here the information is given in digestible chunks that I, who would just as soon hire someone to handle the plumbing, now feel equipped to tackle the job myself.  This book has become an invaluable reference that I forsee using for years to come!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was the first book I downloaded to my Kindle and couldn't put it down. The character development was good and the plot was fast-paced.  I'm looking forward the the rest of the series and checking out other books by this author.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I won't review an app unless I feel it deserves 0 stars or 5 stars. This is an awesome app in a sea of mediocrity.  Whether you know one chord or a thousand this will be a useful app... The two stand alone apps, tools &amp; tabs, are fantastic. Now that they are integrated, even better. If you like changing from standard to alternate tunings, the chromatic tuner makes this breeze... That, to me, is worth the regular price... But it's free! And you get more! So, if it dont work on your device, sorry dudes, you're missin out.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Way to go Amazon! You've restored my faith in you. This app is great. Was actually thinking of buying this just the other day. It's like you read my mind.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|I have been a fan of both Metallica and Lou Reed, and after reading all the reviews I was prepared for the worst.  I was pleasantly suprised however and consider this a masterpiece!
B001KNMAS6|5.0|I have purchased two of these Dr Ebbetts cds and I am glad I bought them. I've been listening intently to the Beatles since 1970, the year they broke up. these versions are just different and for a fan who has listened to about everything out there, I can say that these are kind of like receiving a gift; but the \\"gift\\" is something new (although from almost 50 year old recordings already out there). The remastering makes some areas stand out and makes me wonder if this isn't how they were meant to sound. That's just one perspective out of the innumerable ones either spoken of or written. I could easily defend the 2009 mono or stereo remasters as best; or the original first press British vinyls, or even a cd that I luckily received from the Capitol 2003 remasters of \\"Sgt Peppers\\" (which I have no idea how it was originally acquired even though it's NOT in any box, or sales catalog anywhere).  EDIT:I have listened to two more of these and I need to make a partial retraction. These other two weren't good at all. They stand in stark contrast to the others. Very ordinary, perhaps sub ordinary.
B005P89F1C|5.0|Good music from Justin. 15 songs with alot of originals. He even put one on from his younger days. I would recommend.
B00003CXA2|1.0|WE ORDERED THIS TWO DISC SPECIAL EDITION, OF FORREST GUMP EXPECTING TO WATCH THE MOVIE, BUT INSTEAD IT IS THE MOVIE WITH A PERSON COMMENTING EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME...DISSAPONTING
B0058WFO06|5.0|Amazing music. I would recommend paying a few extra bucks and getting the Blu-ray version that has two x-tra tracks as well as lossless/hi-rez 5.1 and 2 channel. Sublime listening experience for sure!!!
B005XN3150|4.0|I rarely get the remote at home to watch any programs but my co workers mentioned that they were watching this show so i decided to check it out.  It's an interesting premise, the writing is good and I'm looking forward to seeing how the story unfolds.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I love this case and it's just what I wanted for my new iPhone 4S!  And it works with both the ATT model as well as the Verizon model.  I wanted a TPU case, not those flimsy silicone cases and I wanted clear so that the beauty of my phone would shine through.  I actually prefer that the buttons are not covered like other cases where it makes the buttons harder to push.  It seems to protect the phone quite well.  If I could knock anything on this case it would be that it is slightly thicker than other slim-style cases but it seems to me that just adds an extra layer of protection since the phone is glass on both sides.  I can't speak to the included screen protector because I don't use one.  The back has a slight \\"Swirl\\" design which is quite nice.  Also, the swirl leaves the Apple Logo to shine through.  Nice touch!  For the price, this case just can't be beat!  I reccommend this case highly to anyone looking to add protection but doesn't want to cover up the beauty of the phone.
B0000029GA|5.0|For anyone who ever wrote a review claiming this album is 'overrated', are you out of your mind or hopefully just too young so your opinion is irrelevant.  Overrated? No. Maybe too complicated for the simple minds of a generation where so much ignorance is praised. I see people who rated it poorly talk about beats, even though the beat ARE great, the message, feeling, inspiration, and knowledge you get from the words is way more important. The problem with most of the rap today is it is just great beats followed by nonsense; drug, killing, hoes, and so much other dumbshxx. Overrated REALLY??..smh
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|I never have time to watch TV, but I make time to watch this show every week. The characters are incredible, the story lines are fantastic, and the show is just completely addicting. I look forward to Tuesday nights every week. &lt;3 Sons of Anarchy.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This came in real handy when trying to diagnose why a client's WiFi wasn't performing as well as we had hoped.  I was able to quickly determine channel conflicts, and also aided me in finding a better spot to relocate the router for optimal performance throughout the building.  Good UI, and the ads aren't obtrusive.  WiFi Analyzer worked well for me!
B000KX0IOK|5.0|HALF NELSON IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES THAT I'VE SEEN IN THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS. RYAN G. DOES A REALLY GREAT JOB IN THIS. BUT HE WASN'T THE ONLY ONE, THE WHOLE CAST WAS ON POINT.<br /><br />P.S. RYAN G. REALLY  BLEW THIS MMC IMAGE TO HELL IN THIS ONE. YOU GOTTA LOVE IT. THIS IS A GREAT WHICH EVERYONE SHOULD OWN.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Exercises your mind to tranquil, soothing music. Really takes you away to a relaxing place. Challenging enough, but not frustrating. Multiple levels fuel your addiction. Not only do I love it, I need it! You will too!
B003Y5H57E|3.0|I really expected to like this movie because I think that Ryan Gosling is an amazing actor, but in the end I found it to be just ok. It has some funny moments, but it is very slow moving. There is a twist in the movie that I didn't expect,  which I think  most people will find enjoyable. Overall I would give Crazy Stupid Love maybe 2 and 1/2 star out of 5. Rent this movie before you buy it, cause you may not like it  I didn't really).
B005QKYIZ2|2.0|Imagine Lungs without a \\"Dog days are over\\", \\"Rabbit heart\\", or \\"You've got the love\\" and you've got Ceremonials... a noisy, largely undifferentiated collection of songs lacking any radio-worthy singles. Sure, Florence retains her standout voice but here the hooks and melodies aren't nearly compelling enough to justify the vocal bombast applied to each track. In the end I was left with the feeling everything from the vocals, drumming, and orchestration was way overdone... like using a musical sledgehammer to swat a fly's worth of songwriting. I really enjoyed the previously mentioned singles from Lungs and was hoping for at least a handful more, but Ceremonials was saldly missing anything worth hearing again.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|This movie is just hilarious!  You can watch it over and over and find things you missed before.  The dialogue is very witty, so pay attention.  The main character really gets in over her head with what just started out to be a little white lie.  Snowballs into hilarious entertainment.
0525423656|2.0|I was anxious for the follow up to \\"Matched\\", and re-read it in prep for \\"Crossed.\\"  What a let down - too much climbing, hiking, geography - the vision of the controlled Society was lost.  The secret longing for Ky by Cassia, and their distrust of everything surrounding them - made for an interesting read.  But this second book - ugh, none of that existed, in fact I could care less about the third and final book.
B00466HN86|5.0|Loved this movie!  This movie plays on every emotion...make sure you take a box of Kleenex.  Every man should see this movie, really puts emphasis on the important role of a Father.  Every woman should drag their Husband, Son or Father to this movie.  We forget in the hustle and bustle of everyday life the important role we each play in the lives of others.  This movie touches you spiritually. Shows how we complicate our lives with \\"stuff\\" and how simple life really is and by keeping God at the center of your life, how good can overcome evil.  Can't wait until it comes out in video...would make an excellent Father's Day gift for a loved one.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Great price! Now I have Seasons 1-3. Can't wait till Season 4! I would definately recommend ordering from Amazon and will do so myself in the future
B00004Z4SD|5.0|Great movie!  So much hidden emotion in this movie.  The determination of the main character and everyone that helps him along his way is heartwarming and touching.  I am a Sissy Spacek fan, and she once again filled her role amazingly.  A wonderful movie for the babyboomer generation.
1451648537|5.0|Isaacson's no-holds-barred approach is bound to turn some people off, as many of the other reviews indicate. Don't count me as one of them. Jobs was an inherently polarizing figure, both inside and outside of Apple. How does one write a book about him that pleases everyone? It's not possible. Pay the naysayers no heed. This is an excellent account of one of the most complex, infuriating, brilliant, and important business leaders of his time. Jobs' body of work is beyond impressive and this book helped me understand many of the details beyond such great innovations that had escaped me. Heartily recommended.<br /><br />I read this book with a new perspective on the power of the platforms and was relieved to know that many of my suppositions on Apple and Jobs in my own new book were correct.<br /><br />Phil Simon<br />-- The Age of the Platform
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Despite the digital cleanup of the original star wars film, do not support George Lucas' butchered version of the classics. Especially the 2nd and third films...which aren't even his films, that's just wrong.  So let's not buy this one, boycott it and wait for a real edition of this film.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This is by far the best Free App of the Day yet! I love the easy access to the tabs, ability to save favorites, and the guitar tuner/metronome. Very useful! Thanks Amazon!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|so they want to get Apple out of the loop?  it makes zero sense why they would want to inconvenience so many users that are used to using itunes/ipod/iphone/ipad for their digital copies.  I bought the green lantern blu-ray that had an ultraviolet digital copy. the ultraviolet digital copy is of no use to me even though i paid for it.   Ill not be buying anything else that has an ultraviolet digital copy attached to it...ever.  ill not be buying them for the same reason i dont buy blu-rays with real digital copies that are attached to 3-d discs in attempts to make 3-d look more popular than it actually is.  its manipulative. its dirty. its greedy. its wrong.
1609410416|2.0|I can't believe I spent $30 on this audio book.... It has 3 disks, and I thought \\"Am I EVER going to love this\\"!!! The first CD was good, but the other 2 were unbelievably desperate attempts at humor. It was about nothing, and I don't mean Seinfeld nothing, cause that is funny. I mean it was not funny, and her topic for her rant was weak and dull. I won't even re-gift this because I don't want to have someone fall asleep at the wheel from the boredom they will experience... I am so disappointed because she is so funny and this was not.
0440242401|5.0|The last thing Lexi Smart remembers before she wakes up in the hospital is leaving a nightclub with her friends and slipping on the stairs.  She is shocked to find out that it is now three years later and she is not in the hospital from that accident, but from a recent car crash that has wiped out her memory of the last three years.  Lexi is also shocked to find out she is married, rich, beautiful, and fit.  As she begins to figure out her new life however, she learns that everything is not quite as perfect as it seems and she may have been happier before her transformation from average to super human.  As usual, Sophie Kinsella delivers a funny, yet touching story with a great and endearing main character.  A perfect weekend escape read!
B004W4N55C|5.0|This is an outstanding tool for any guitar enthusiast. The chord library is awesome.  The song list; extensive.  first rate app, so glad it was free
B004W4N55C|5.0|if you play then chances are you know UG. I already own this app. That said, it is the single most important guitar related app out there.  Best FAOTD in a long time. Download it. Now.  Interface is simple and clean, tabs are plentiful...I could go on and on...
B004W4N55C|5.0|Metronome tool makes it easy to discover the beat of your favorite song.  it is easily adjustable and a keeper for sure
B00000744X|3.0|If you like to like Sting this is probably good for you.  Nothing that spectacular to me, but it's mixed very well.
0307946711|2.0|****Spoilers*****  I just got to the tragic part of the book and just stopped listening (audio version).  I feel like I have wasted and invested too much time in this drivel for it to end this way.   Here's the thing, I know there can't always be happy endings, but Dexter's character was horrible and when he finally comes around (which I was never really convinced that he had) the worst happens to Em????  This book was a complete waste of my time...  Emma lacked confidence throughout the entire book almost- which in my opinion was over played and so I am just not a fan of this book.   The ending made it so much worse...
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Metallica is probably the most outspoken band in the world when comes to their hatred of pirated music... So, it appears they decided to put their money where their mouth is and make an album so bad it is unlikely that anyone would bother to pirate it (or even buy it so it would be possible to pirate it)... heck, this album is so bad, that it is possible that they were trying to alienate every fan on the planet so that they would all stop sharing Metallica music by deleting it from their hard drive... I'm not kidding, it IS that bad.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Like the app better than using the full web site. Great job! Love the transpose feature. The tools section is also very handy.
B003H9M1Q2|4.0|One must, of course, 1st address the jive-talkin' crow issue. The choice of animal for the black characters is unfortunate; the naming of their leader \\"Jim Crow\\" is unconscionable. -1 point for that. That said, outside of the Jumbos & Timothy Mouse, they're the *only* sympathetic characters in the piece. And they're damn witty to boot.  What struck me most this viewing in this age of bullying-awareness: Dumbo's salvation-via-flying takes up, at the very most, the last 10 minutes of the story. The rest is dark, dark, suicide-inviting despair & humiliation, with the nightmarish & brilliant \\"Pink Elephants on Parade\\" the only respite. Even that is a bad trip. Disney's effort to cut costs after the financial failures of PINOCCHIO and FANTASIA results in a clean, lean yet stylized look. I love the simple watercolor backgrounds & the silhouette renditions of the (expensive-to-animate) humans. Having Dumbo be mute also saved $$$ and was a correct artistic decision to boot: his silent cuteness works far better than the frequently cloying kids' voices in BAMBI. 8/10
1596432594|5.0|Nonfictional and educational comics often run headlong into the dilemma of information dissemination. The critical question facing such works is how to translate the knowledge of higher education to a wider audience who may only have a rudimentary comprehension of the material at hand. This is a conflict educators often confront on a daily basis as they prepare lectures or lesson plans. The process is made even more complicated when the material is one so esoteric as quantum mechanics, yet so approachable as the life of Richard Feynman.       When it comes to physics and translating the realms of Einstein's theories of general and special relativity, quantum theory, hyperspace and string theory, and a host of other post-Newtonian concepts to the uninitiated, the number of qualified, professional scientists can truly be counted on one hand--Michio Kaku, Lisa Randall, Brian Greene, Leonard Susskind, and Stephen Hawking. Of course, Kaku, Greene, and Hawking have benefited greatly from even wider exposure on PBS or Discovery Channel productions on physics, bringing the ideas of Maxwell, Bohr, and others to even more people. Yet, before the advent of the Internet and of documentary programs on science, Richard Feynman struggled with the same issues of articulating high concept physics for general readers.     Unlike Einstein, Madame Curie, or J. Robert Oppenheimer, Feynman is not a household name for those not versed in physics. As such, a biography, let alone a graphic one, faces an even greater challenge in not only presenting his life, but also his theories and ideas in a format accessible to most readers. Feynman, like many of his contemporaries and even predecessors, is ripe for a biographical, sequential art interpretation, due in large part to his own use of visualizations as narrative tools. The seemingly unlimited canvas of the graphic novel seems an apt platform for just such an individual story; however, Feynman, while a quite interesting chronicle of the man's life, misses some crucial opportunities afforded the sequential medium.     From the onset, Feynman utilizes Myrick's angular and exaggerated anatomical features to reinforce the almost fictional world readers are engaging. Retelling a childhood story of dinosaurs, Feynman captures the imagination of the young physicist and presents it in an almost fantastical, surreal fashion. Myrick's limited or restrained use of firm lines and the disjointing elements of Hillary Sycamore's color palette give the book an air of the unreal. Yet, when the moments arise when the graphic art should become the story, Feynman disappoints. Situations such as Feynman wrestling with a problem or equation, the experience of the atomic bomb, or even, in his later years, his visualization of formulas are relegated to textual explanation boxes or mere thought bubbles, diminishing their impact and significance in his life.     Additionally, the majority of the narrative is largely omniscient narration, giving the actors very little role beyond static images on a page. While some audiences may champion such an approach that presents a straight, nonfiction interpretation of Feynman based solely on secondary sources or those he wrote himself, creative license and artistic freedom are major facets of the graphic novel format. Although no one wants fanciful or irreverent, unsubstantiated events inserted into the story for drama that betray the reality of Feynman's life, plausible sequences between him and Einstein or Oppenheimer that give life to the narrative would transform the book from a didactic tome of sheer biography into an active, engaging, and memorable text.     Yet some of these criticisms can also be positives for certain audiences. For example, as a straightforward biography, Feynman is impressive. It surveys his life and highlights the major events and episodes that brought him the awareness and respect of the physics community. Furthermore, Ottaviani deserves praise for the original and innovative restructuring of chapter format as well as the progression of the narrative itself. This is something that could not have been equally achieved outside the graphic novel medium.  Perhaps there has of yet been no accurate formula for graphic nonfiction biographies or even a set of guidelines. In essence, this is a good thing because they would, in all probability, be far too restrictive. Yet publishers of graphic nonfiction should look to their fiction brethren who dominate the medium for techniques of visual storytelling that can be borrowed and adapted for the biography environment. Of recent graphic biographies, Feynman is a step in the right direction as it points to, even if it does not fully possess, the necessary tools to render such an iconic life as Richard Feynman in comic illustration.  Reviewed by Nation Wilson
B005CMSDLE|3.0|FREEWAY was the white-trash \\"Little Red Riding Hood\\"; this is the Jason Bourne mix. The direction is a lot better than the logic-defying script: if you're going to go to the trouble of raising the perfect teen assassin, why would you keep her so shielded from anything modern that she's utterly incapable of blending in? You teach her 5 skillion languages, but never expose her to music? Whatever. The Brit vacation family is too cutesy and messes w/ the plot momentum. The big reveal is a big disappointment. The Big Bad Wolf character emerging from the maw of a big bad wolf is a big groan. Still, the actors and the director have fun with the silly script. Hanna's escape from the complex is a trippy stobe-flashing treat. The show-off tracking shot that ends concludes w/ a fight scene staged in a single shot is a refreshing change from typical action movie overcutting. Blanchett is very funny as the wolf. 6/10
1600108512|5.0|There is only one unicorn left in the world, and she leaves her comfortable forest in order to find the others. Most humans who see her don't even realize that they're looking at a unicorn--instead, they simply see a white mare.  While on her journey, the unicorn is captured by the witch Mommy Fortuna, whose magic of illusion has caused her to open a carnival of magical animals. The unicorn is real, and so is the harpy--but the other exhibits are regular animals that Mommy Fortuna has hexed to make look like magical beings.     The unicorn manages to escape with Schmendrick the Magician, who knows some stories about King Haggard and the Red Bull, both of whom seem to have connections to the missing unicorns. Eventually they meet up with Molly Grue, who has wanted all her life to see a real unicorn, and the three journey on to King Haggard's kingdom.     The Red Bull, a giant, fiery beast, senses the unicorn's presence and goes after her, trying to drive her into the ocean, where he's driven all the other unicorns. In an act of desperation, Schmendrick turns her into a human in order to save her. Of course, everything becomes much more complicated now as the unicorn, in human form, falls in love with King Haggard's son. She must remember who she is and save the other unicorns before it's too late.     The Last Unicorn began as a novel in 1968, and it became even more well known when it was made into a children's animated movie in 1982. Now the classic fantasy story receives new form as a graphic novel with lush, full-color illustrations. IDW has published it as a glossy-paged hardcover book, showing that they're really backing this project. It looks beautiful.     It's also worth noting that The Last Unicorn is a graphic novel that can be read and enjoyed by many ages. Children can read it (though a few images, like those of the harpy, might be scary for very young readers), but it's also just as likely to wind up in the hands of teens and adults. Fans of the original novel and animated movie are also very likely to be interested in this version. This is definitely a book for librarians and schools to take a look at, because odds are it will be off the shelf a lot.  Reviewed by Danica Davidson
0439023521|5.0|This is a well-written and suspenseful story depicting a world that is torture to live in - physically and mentally- but it is all the characters have ever known.  I could not put it down.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|This adapter gave me precisely what I needed.  I have a long HDMI cable stretching from my big-screen TV to my armchair, and I've got this and a charger connected there. I can now sit in my armchair with my iPhone 4 and play video material directly to the TV; the dock connector extension allows me to keep my phone charged at the same time.
B004W4N55C|3.0|When I saw this as the free app today, I was really excited! I had been waiting for this for a while. I was able to download and install without a problem... but I'm having issues with it.   So far everything works fine except for the guitar tuner. Every time I open the guitar tuner, it force closes. It doesn't close the entire app, just the tuner.   I, like may other people currently having issues with this app, am using a Samsung Galaxy S phone - the Epic 4G to be exact. Hopefully a patch will be released to fix this issue. Other than that, I think this app is great!
0307463745|5.0|I enjoyed the approach of the authors. It's a streamlined quick read that ellicts ideas without the over use of examples and excessive phrasing just for the sake of sounding intelligent.  Quick, simple, and usefull.
B004CSKCS6|1.0|This is a joke trying to pass it off as an US blu ray. This is region B locked UK blu ray. It will not play on your US player. Why are you trying to sell this off to a US site? complete rubbish!  US buyers will have to wait for the anchor bay release sometime in 2011/2012.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I am learning the guitar and this is an indespensible tool. The are tons of chords to learn and they are here. This is one of the best free apps ever!  Get it NOW!!!
B000ICM0YY|5.0|Over the years I have listened to many interpretations of Beethoven's piano sonatas. His sonatas are both profound and technically demanding. Very few pianists can play them faultlessly. They call for i.a. flawless technique, great expressiveness of feeling, intelligence, passion and the ability to convey the peculiar soulful nobility embedded in much of Beethoven's music.   Gilels gets it all exactly right here or at least as right as any one man could ever be expected to interpret so many varied sonatas by this arguably greatest of composers. His playing of the last movement of the Tempest sonata is possibly the best piano performance I have ever heard. I have no words to describe it.  Moreover, the sound quality on these recordings is excellent. The piano sounds wonderful and accoustics are just right.  If you think that it matters that a few of the sonatas of the cycle are missing here (regretfully, Gilels died before he could complete the cycle, at age 69), then you should think again. It is far more rewarding to own this set than to buy an inferior version of all the sonatas.  I'd give this set six stars out of five if I could.
0316069884|5.0|Jonathan Safran Foer is a fantastic writer and a meticulous researcher.  Eating Animals is a well-reasoned book that details the thought process of the author as he comes to the decision to become a vegetarian and raise his son as a vegetarian.  Although Mr. Foer claims to have left many of the gristly details of animal agriculture out of this book, it is still not a book for the faint of heart or the weak of stomach.  However, it appears that Mr. Foer was attempting to tone down the gore in order to allow his thorough research and well-reasoned argument for vegetarianism shine though and make his case for him.  Still, there is plenty of shock value to be had in just about ever chapter of this book.  I think that it would be very difficult to read this book and not be moved to reevaluate or change your eating and food buying behavior.  So, if you happen to be a meat lover with a guilty conscience like myself, beware:  reading this book may make it almost impossible to enjoy eating meat without also having second thoughts about what's on your plate and how it was produced.
B004LWZW7Y|5.0|Puss in Boots is one of my very favorite movies ever. It is so sweet, with the most lovable hero ever. When I first saw Shrek, I loved Puss and wished for more of him. I definetly got my wish! I also loved Kitty Softpaws and the \\"Oooooo\\" kitty. Humpty Dumpty and Jack and Jill and the duck made it weird and Humpty annoyed me, but I still loved it. Great for all ages. I am an 11 year old girl and I really enjoyed this. So cute.
B003A9OVS0|5.0|I'm not a huge Gorillaz fan, but got into them when I was in Italy in 2001. I've enjoyed their beats and funky basslines with melodic sing mixed with rap. This new album is by far their best with so many attributes to so many different genres including symphonic classical, world beats, and still incorporating their own flavor. As a pro musician myself, this was ear candy to me and not just the same four chords repeated over and over. The trick is to listen to it the first time straight through. Don't jump around. Pure musical awesomeness.
B004LWZW4W|4.0|Number 1. Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Great movie.    Number 2. I bought an expensive HDTV and a Blu-ray player to watch great movies.    Number 3. Why would I want to pay an extra $5 or $10 for a DVD I'll never watch and a digital copy that doesn't make any sense?!    I LOVE movies. But what crazy person would find the need to watch an inferior DVD and/or digital copy of the same movie they have on Blu-ray?     Answer is no one.  This is another example (like Pixar's The Incredibles) where they try to justify an extra $10 to the price for inferior copies of a      movie we obviously only want to watch in HD since we bought the player.  What are they thinking?  \\"Honey! grab the digital copy of Planet of the Apes for my      laptop! I need my fix at work!!\\" or \\"Bring the DVD version of it so I can watch it on my way to your mother's house! yeah, you're driving!\\"  Honestly.
B000HC2PCM|4.0|I am a real fan of old country music and this CD of Merle songs is a good addition to my collection. The CD arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Thanks Amazon!
B005G4TJUC|4.0|Michael Bay's third Transformers movie closes what begun with the first one (he said that himself). I can say that this movie is much better than the second one which was nothing more than a sex comedy with robots and explosions.  DOM is set in a much serious tone than ROTF. There are some points filled with a sense of doom, there are a lot of transformer deaths and for the first time in the cinematic saga of the Transformers, we see Cybertron!  The toilet humour is still here but fortunately it is pretty much contained. Hoewever, what i didn;t like is that there still emphasis torward the human (especially Sam) relationships.  Overhaul, it is a very good wrap up to the trilogy. If there are planning on new installments? Well only time will tell but if we take the box office performance into account, then Transformers 4 is not far away.
B005XOPEOU|5.0|I like most of their albums and this is a good addition to their portfolio. This album does not have many \\"Wow\\" kind of new taste but it has a lot of Coldplay sound.
B004DMIIOG|5.0|This movie is excellent it doesn't go by too fast nor is it slow. If you want to watch a movie that will make you laugh and smile the whole way through, then this is just for you.
B003J4TK50|5.0|In short Eastwood does a great job and makes good movies and very good acting. The Enforcer I seen on the big screen was very very good.  I have seen all of his movies all the way back to TV shows Rawhide 1959-1965.I know a movie does not pleas too very ones like.   some movies are no good or just bad. I know the movies i see that the next person does not like and etc.  Back to the Enforcer is a good one give it a look, and see if you like it or not.  One movie that Clint as a actor called Thunderbolt and Light Foot is a funny and good action.  In this movie there other good actors like young Jeff  Bridges. In fact the movie was made were I live at. You can see all the actors and inf on IMDB. I love IMDB inf on all movies, actors, and clips  thank you.   PS. a movie a day keep's the Doc away. lol
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Steve jobs life is like a holywood movie. It has everthing adopted child, soul searching hippie , young enterpreneur who wants to change the world. Amazing personality you cant be sure you liked or hated. I believe he was a genius man with all right and wrong behaivours .But like he said in one of public apperance \\"we are human and we are not perfect\\". There will be many books and movies about steve in coming years but this book will be the best written.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Metal IS art.  This is not metal, and also not art.  This is a shameless cry for attention from once great, now fading, legendary talent.
B004W2UBYW|4.0|It seems funny that the Kindle version is more expensive than even the hardcover version! This for a book about a person who was instrumental in revolutionizing the electronic media industry.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|This is the best musical surprise I have witnessed in the past 5 years.  The album is a cross between the old Megadeth feel with a modern polished sound, which forms a perfect mesh.  For full disclosure, I don't think there are any bad Megadeth albums out there, but in the post Youthanasia era there has been a clear drop in the level of authentic Mustaine emotion.  The whole album has this perfect rolling sound without any breaks or low points.  It is rare that I like an album on the first attempt, but this has been the case here.  If you are a weathered Deth enthusiast, you obviously need to hear the final versions of New World Order and Millenium of the Blind.  If you are interested in the best of what's new, I'd recommend Black Swan and Sudden Death.  I can't wait for my next road trip...
B004XZ99LO|2.0|I bought this right after getting my first 3D television, thinking it was a full circus show, as seen on some PBS stations.  No.  It is an all too short, choppy 'story' about someone growing up, and to be honest, only part of it is even 'circusy' in nature.  Overall, a pretty big disappoitnment for those expecting the real Cirque du Soleil experience.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|\\"Lulu\\" is great! This is a great album and a great pairing of Lou Reed & Metallica. All the tracks on here are great.  Track Listing  Disc 1  1. Brandenburg Gate  2. The View  3. Pumping Blood  4. Mistress Dread  5. Iced Honey  6. Cheat On Me  Disc 2  1. Frustration  2. Little Dog  3. Dragon  4. Junior Dad
0446573019|5.0|I just don't buy into the Lee Child - Jack Reacher clone idea.  If I wrote the book, sure, call your lawyer, Lee - I'm not creative enough to think of such a good plot.  But Baldacci made his bones a LONG time ago. He has a long track record of superior writing.  Every now and then, there will be some plot overlap within genres, and thrillers are no exception.<br /><br />Zero Day is written with all of Baldacci's usual skill and perhaps even a little bit more energetic dialogue.<br /><br />The novel is set in the coal fields of West Virginia. That's my home. And so I look at this with an unusually critical eye for accuracy as will was for perceptions of disrespect - Believe me, West Virginians are REALLY touchy.<br /><br />I hit the annoyance button on both accuracy and respect, but I'm not sure if that's  fair.  If I read something set in, say, Washington State, I won't know what's true and what's not, because I've never been there.  That doesn't keep me from enjoying the book.<br /><br />Coal mining is a background theme of Zero Day.  The health effects of mining are made up from whole cloth. For instance, there's no explosion of childhood cancer rates around coal mining. This not say that coal mining is good for you - the effects are simply more subtle and some would say more insidious. Baldacci suggests that surface mining does not take place because of extraction costs but because it uses fewer workers. That one is just a head-scratcher - it's all about money.  And Baldacci seems to think that it's hard to find coal.  Nope, not even.  It's not like the old oil and gas wildcatter days when the developer took a chance on a dry hole.  Coal seams are very well know, and the development work is about the details of extraction.<br /><br />And Zero Day's portrayal of West Virginia is, well, fictional.  \\"Moonshine stills\\" are not a significant law enforcement problem.  There are no little mountain lions hopping about in the woods. What I took the most umbrage to was dialogue by a minor character who was removing personal property from the home of someone who had just died: \\"A lot of folks around here ain't got nothing. They find out you died and ain't got no relations, your stuff's gone before you know it.\\"  If I say that about the character of the people in your neighborhood, I'm hoping that you would be peeved.  That may happen here, as elsewhere, but it certainly isn't a cultural trait or a common practice.<br /><br />But to apply my own rubric, there's nothing that takes Zero Day below five stars. It's plot, characters and action are every bit on a par with Baldacci's prior works.<br /><br />But, Jeez, Dave, next time pick on Ohio or New York, OK?onal property from the home of someone who had just died: \\"A lot of folks around here ain't got nothing. They find out you died and ain't got no relations, your stuff's gone before you know it.\\"  If I say that about the character of the people in your neighborhood, I'm hoping that you would be peeved.  That may happen here, as elsewhere, but it certainly isn't a cultural trait or a common practice.  But to apply my own rubric, there's nothing that takes Zero Day below five stars. It's plot, characters and action are every bit on a par with Baldacci's prior works.  But, Jeez, Dave, next time pick on Ohio or New York, OK?
B0033V51QG|5.0|I own a 3000 book library and this is my very favorite of all the books I own.  In this book, the author not only describes his experiences as a survivor of Auschwitz, but he sets out a premise and philosophy for life, and in this actually answers in concrete terms the question posed by the many as to the meaning of life.  I have copied and pasted my notes on this book below for you, in hopes that it will give you a feel for the book.  I HIGHLY recommend this book:<br /><br />Life holds a potential meaning under any conditions, even the most miserable ones.<br /><br />Even in a position of utter desolation, where no expression is possible in positive action, achievement is still possible in enduring suffering in an honorable way and fulfillment can still be achieved through loving contemplation of the image one carries in his heart of his beloved.<br /><br />A human being is not completely and unavoidably influenced by his surroundings.  There is human liberty in every circumstance.  Man can preserve a vestige of spiritual freedom, an independence of mind, even in the bleakest of circumstances.<br /><br />Those who lived through the concentration camps often recall the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread.  They may have been few in number, but even one individual would offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing- the last of the human freedoms- the ability to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances.<br /><br />Dostoevski once wrote \\"There is only one thing that I dread: not to be worthy of my sufferings.\\"<br /><br />In difficulty lies the chance for man either to make use of or forgo the opportunities of attaining the moral values that only a difficult situation can afford him.  When faced with difficulty, man can either choose to forget his self respect and dignity and turn himself into an animal or he can remain dignified, brave, and unselfish.  It is in this decision that he determines whether he is or is not worthy of his sufferings.<br /><br />But difficulties are not found only inside the concentration camp.  Everyday offers us the opportunity to make a decision- the decision as to whether you will or will not submit to those powers which threaten to rob you of your very self, of your values.<br /><br />If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering.  For suffering is an inescapable part of life, even as death.  The way in which a man accepts his fate and whatever suffering it entails, the way in which he takes up his cross, always gives him ample opportunity, regardless of circumstance, to add a deeper meaning to his life.<br /><br />Man can either make a victory of difficult experiences, turning life into an inner triumph, or he can ignore the opportunity and become an animal among life's miseries.<br /><br />Do not think that such aspirations are unworldly and too far removed from real life.  Though it is true that only a few people are capable of reaching such high moral standards, and that of the prisoners in camp, only a few were able to keep their full inner liberty and obtain those values which their suffering afforded- it is also equally true that even one such example is sufficient proof that man's inner strength can raise him above his outward fate.<br /><br />Former prisoners, when writing or relating their experiences, agree that the most depressing influence of all was that one could not know how long his term of imprisonment would be.  The prisoner had been given no date for his release.  As such, a prison sentence was not only uncertain but also unlimited.  Life in a concentration camp has often been referred to as a \\"provisional existence.\\"  We can add to this by defining it as a \\"provisional existence of unknown limit.\\"<br /><br />New arrivals usually knew nothing about the conditions of camp.  Those who had come back from other camps were obliged to keep silent and fromsome camps no one had returned at all.  Upon entering camp, a change began to take place in the minds of the men.  With the end of uncertainty came the uncertainty of the end.  It was impossible to foresee whether or when, if at all, this form of existence would end.<br /><br />A man who could not see the end of his \\"provisional existence\\" was not able to aim at an ultimate goal in life.  As such, he ceased living for the future and only looked backwards.  In turn, the whole structure of his inner life changed and signs of decay set in.<br /><br />A man who let himself decline because he could not see any future often found himself occupied with retrospective thoughts.  There was a tendency to look to the past to somehow make the present less real.  But in becoming retrospective, there laid a certain danger: Everything in the present and going forward suddenly became pointless.<br /><br />The prisoners who declined did not view camp's difficulties as an opportunity to develop inner strength, but instead only despised life as something of no consequence.  Life for such people became meaningless and soon they lost their will to live.<br /><br />Because of this effect, any attempt at fighting environmental influences had to aim at giving the prisoner inner strength by pointing out to him a future goal to which he could look forward.<br /><br />He who has a why to live for can bear with almost any how.<br /><br />It is a peculiarity of man that he can only live by looking to the future.  Man lives not in the present but only either in the future or the past.<br /><br />The prisoner who saw no more sense in his life, no aim, no purpose, was soon lost.  The typical reply with which such a man rejected all encouraging argument was \\"I have nothing to expect from life any more.\\"<br /><br />What was needed was a fundamental change in our attitude towards life.  We had to learn ourselves and furthermore, we had to teach other despairing men, that it did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what mattered was what life expected from us.<br /><br />We needed to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to see ourselves as those who were questioned and our answers had to consist in right action and right conduct.<br /><br />In this, the meaning of life ultimately lies in taking the responsibility to find the right answers to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.  As these tasks differ from man to man, the meaning of life differs from man to man.  Questions about the meaning of life can never be answered by sweeping statements.  Life does not mean something vague, but something very real and concrete, just as life's tasks are also very real and concrete, and a man's willingness to fulfill them is what determines his destiny.<br /><br />Let us now consider what we can do if a person asks what the meaning of life is.  I doubt that a doctor can answer this question in general terms for the meaning of life differs from man to man.  What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life.  To put the question in general terms would be comparable to the question posed to the chess champion: \\"Tell me, master, what is the best move in the world?\\"  There simply is no such thing as the best or even a good move apart from a particular situation in a game.  The same holds for human existence.  One should not search for an abstract meaning of life.  Everyone has his own specific purpose in life to carry out a concrete assignment which demands fulfillment.  Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated.  Each situation in life represents a unique challenge to man and presents a problem for him to solve.  As such, the question of the meaning of life may actually be reversed.  Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is questioned.  In a word, eachman is questioned by life; and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life; to life he can only respond by being responsible.<br /><br />Logotherapy tries to make the patient fully aware of his own responsibleness; therefore, Logotherapy leaves it to the patient to answer for what, to what, or to whom he understands himself to be responsible.  It does not provide answers but merely assists by asking the right question.re questioned and our answers had to consist in right action and right conduct.       In this, the meaning of life ultimately lies in taking the responsibility to find the right answers to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.  As these tasks differ from man to man, the meaning of life differs from man to man.  Questions about the meaning of life can never be answered by sweeping statements.  Life does not mean something vague, but something very real and concrete, just as life's tasks are also very real and concrete, and a man's willingness to fulfill them is what determines his destiny.   Let us now consider what we can do if a person asks what the meaning of life is.  I doubt that a doctor can answer this question in general terms for the meaning of life differs from man to man.  What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life.  To put the question in general terms would be comparable to the question posed to the chess champion: \\"Tell me, master, what is the best move in the world?\\"  There simply is no such thing as the best or even a good move apart from a particular situation in a game.  The same holds for human existence.  One should not search for an abstract meaning of life.  Everyone has his own specific purpose in life to carry out a concrete assignment which demands fulfillment.  Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated.  Each situation in life represents a unique challenge to man and presents a problem for him to solve.  As such, the question of the meaning of life may actually be reversed.  Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is questioned.  In a word, each man is questioned by life; and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life; to life he can only respond by being responsible.    Logotherapy tries to make the patient fully aware of his own responsibleness; therefore, Logotherapy leaves it to the patient to answer for what, to what, or to whom he understands himself to be responsible.  It does not provide answers but merely assists by asking the right question.
042524489X|3.0|This can't possibly be the Hawke we have come to love! I was waiting so eagerly for Hawke's story, and it was a huge let down for the following reasons:  1.) Very little to no romance between Hawke and Sienna. Instead, just a lot of talking about how their relationship cannot work and then BAM - all of a sudden they are a couple. There was no courtship as with other couples in previous books. No funny scenes or hot and sexy scenes as we had with previous couples.  2.) More about the Psy / Changling war than about Hawke and Sienna. Yet very little information about the Arrows such as Vasic which I would like to know more about.  3.) Favorite characters from previous books make a zero appearance or a very tiny one. Instead, a bunch of new minor characters are introduced.  4. The Hawke in this book is not the Hawke as we have come to know and love in the previous books. If you have not read the earlier books that build on Hawke's characters (such as books 1,2,3 and 5) you will not understand why any of the Psy/Changling fans would care about him. In this book he comes across as self-centered, flat, boring and with a lot of emotional baggage.  5.) Storyline dragged and I was actually looking to see how much more I had to read and trying to determine if it was worth it; versus the other books where I sat down and read them cover-to-cover in half a day.  If you have not already read the earlier books, read them BEFORE you read this book. While all of the other books in the series can stand alone and/or be read out of order, this one does not fall into that category. You won't care about any of the characters without having read the previous books.  Although this book was disappointing, I still love the series and am looking forward to the next book.
1933633867|3.0|Debt is one of those maddening books that dazzles in the early stages with fascinating information and wonderful insights, but then utterly fails to deliver on that promise of greatness. I was fascinated by the author's re-interpretation of historical events through the lens of debt and money and his skillful explanation of how the very language used to describe financial debt relations have been co-opted and used to describe so many other aspects of human relations. However, it gradually became clear that the author had no intention of presenting a balanced treatment of the subject: he was pursuing an agenda to demonize the way the world currently deals with debt and money, and his objectivity was only the most obvious casualty in its pursuit. Nothing is ever entirely evil or good, as this anthropologist-author surely knows, and yet there are no praises sung of western-style capitalism and the world it has built, only a very long explanation of how it is all so very bad and the cause of so much misery in the world. The end result was teeth-grinding frustration for me because it was so over the top that I no longer trusted what he was trying to tell me. It didn't have to be that way, and I can only hope that another author will be able to someday pick up the threads of this fascinating subject and finally weave together an objective story.
3836527286|4.0|This is a great book even though Linda was an amateur photographer, so do not expect the quality of Jim Marshall or Annie Leibovitz. Take interesting photos have access to be close to Jagger, Lennon, Harrison, Morrison etc. is not very difficult, however, some photographs have great charm of spontaneity.  It is always interesting to see photographs of The Rolling Stones or The Beatles, of not having them or not have been the wife of Paul, this book would go unnoticed, but the reality is that they are there and worth buying this book...  Este es un gran libro pese a que Linda fué una fotografa aficionada, asi que no esperemos la calidad de Annie Leibovitz o Jim Marshall. Tomar fotos interesantes teniendo acceso a estar cerca de Jagger, Lennon, Harrison, Morrison etc. no es muy dificil, sin embargo algunas fotografias tienen un gran encanto de espontaniedad.  Siempre es interesante ver fotografias de The Rolling Stones o The Beatles, de no contar con ellas o de no haber sido la esposa de Paul, este libro pasaría desapercibido, pero la realidad es que ellos están alli y vale la pena comprar este libro...
B002DKGWSE|5.0|this movie was sent soon after i ordered it, is in very good shape,the movie played without a problem ,no scratches snd looked like a new .
B0037KMHRY|5.0|i have had this cd on repeat in my car since the day i got it. shipped quick and easy. so happy i got it!
0307477479|2.0|Exactly two-thirds through, this book died. Kaput. It left the realm where the author could write about anything she knew in this life. The literary descent into hell began with the onset of the idiotic PowerPoint slides. Seriously, Jennifer, PP is all about facts, not emotions and relationships. The remainder of the book was an exercise in narcissism, namely that you and your contemporaries are \\"right\\" and the generation that follows you (your children?) are misguided buffoons. The whole ride was like a big high and its literally sickening aftermath. In 2010, this book and \\"Freedom\\" were those that could be considered epics. \\"Freedom,\\" despite its speechifying, is the one that succeeded as a truly great novel.
B004LZRSBY|5.0|I was very satisfied with the purchase.  I love A-ha! The show is wonderful!  The purchase came on time.  Congratulations and thank you!
B005H0IW6W|4.0|Some of it is excellent (his take on \\"All I Want for Christmas\\" is awesome), and some of it isn't (\\"Santa Baby\\" is downright annoying and had me hitting the \\"skip\\" button when he launched into yet another verse).  The rest falls into that range of \\"ok\\" to \\"hey, that's really good\\".  If you want a Christmas album that sounds pretty much like every other Christmas album, except, of course, that it's Michael Buble, then get it (we did).  You wont regret it (we don't).  But it probably won't be the breath of fresh air you were hoping for.
B000002LAC|5.0|three fabulous voices; I have listened to this album over & over & over.  timeless traditional songs with a perfect blend.  Emmylou Harris is especially lovely.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have been enjoying this app since earlier this year in an Optimus V and now use on my HTC Amaze 4G. world well and is easy to use. TONS of reading plans, too.<br /><br />My church now uses it for our weekly message notes and much more.  Highly recommended.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Great tool for musicians.  Excellent library.  Easy to find what I need quickly.  Every musician should have this app.  Thank you Amazon for this excellent FAOTD.
B004W4N55C|1.0|download failed every time I tried to download. so much for being free I would have really enjoyed this app but no app is worth 8 dollars in my opinion
B002N9MK8G|5.0|I already had many frank sinatra albums by the time I got this one. I never new how good sinatra at the sands was until I read all the reviews, and the ratings were great. I have to agree with everybody else, this is a amazing cd with great sound quality, sinatra was at his best, and the swing of songs such as \\"Ive got u under my skin\\" makes it a album that is defintely worth the price. Get it!
B004G6009U|5.0|My daughter LOVES this movie! And so do my husband and I! My daughter is 3 years old and this is the only movie she will watch aside from Toy Story. It is funny and has a good storyline.
B004W4N55C|3.0|I don't really use tabs much, and the few I clicked on had things written on them like, &quot;I think this is right...&quot; or, &quot;I don't know if this part is played on guitar or bass but whatever...&quot; So I don't know how much I would trust them. The tools are ok. I like the chord finder, I honestly haven't tried the tuner and likely won't, and the metronome mostly works. The tap function wasn't all that accurate, especially in 6/8.  I'm using a motorola atrix 4g.  Hope that's helpful.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|Just picked up this record and I must say it kicks ass! First listen I kind of skipped through it just to get a feel for the record. Now that I've had a few good listens front to back it really shines. Endgame was great but this record is even better. Public Enemy has grown to be one of my favorites. Wrecker is just awesome. Dave's vocals are clear and aggressive throughout. If you like Megadeth do yourself a favor and buy it. You won't be disappointed.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|I've read the petty dissing of this record.  Proof, I'm afraid, only of the failure of the American \\"educational\\" system to educate, particularly in the matter of the Arts.<br /><br />It took me more than one listen to figure this out.  Mea culpa.  Anyone who knows anything about 20th Century/21st Century musical composition should have gotten it.  It's not a Metallica record.  When we listen to great composers like Varese, Stravinsky, Anderson, Glass, Eno and a host of others, it makes sense. The cheap sniping against Lou being older is real darned dumb.  Like a good wine, he got better as he got older.  This is way better than the classical interpretations of the same source.<br /><br />For the adult, this is in some respects a metal version of Lou's Berlin.  Remember when that came out?  Critics assailed it.  Now it's regular on the top of the lists of best records ever made.  I suspect Lulu will rise to that rank.<br /><br />Yes, it is sharp and angular. Yes, it drones.  \\"Sister Ray,\\" anyone?  This is what Lou does, when he's not harnessed to a typical pop song format, which he did perfectly well, too.  Metallica churns subdued but profound phrasing sometimes, thunderous riffing and drumming.  Lou's guitar is without parallel.  The piece as a whole challenges the listener to think about our inner demons through Lou's lyrics, and our musical expectations of what music can incorporate.  For a record representing the hell of human possibility, it's heaven to a seasoned ear.<br /><br />Added:<br /><br />Oh, and Lou does sing, in places where appropriate.  The other stuff is recitative.  But listen to Junior Dad, and if that doesn't bring tears to your eyes as Lou, damn him, writing his own epitaph...well, bang a head, I guess.<br /><br />It is always the case that when someone tries something quite different, there are riots in the mind of a lot of us, me included.  I hated Roxy Music before I became a fanatic, for instance.  So please give another listen down the road apiece.  Picasso incited riots.  Stravinsky incited riots.  John Cage incited riots.  We won't be on the street (as those guys inspired) or move beyond the 'net for our riots, but...it's a clear indication that someone is doing something really unique and important.<br /><br />Trust me.  This will go down with Street Hassle and Berlin and Legendary Hearts...and so many others.<br /><br />Goodbye, Lou.  Berlin saved my life.  I wish  only that in my own writings I can send something up to where you are now.<br /><br />Buddy
B005RUUUAI|5.0|This is such a great show to watch and you just can't wait until the next episode. It's really great if you love scary entertainment, Zombie action, and a good plot. I absolutely love this series.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I really like this game. Excellent graphics, and perfect on my tablet. I have a Toshiba Thrive, and it performs flawlessly on it.
B0062W3GRY|5.0|This television show is phenomenal! It's one of those shows that you just can't wait for the next one. Each episode ends right after the climax. There is so much history to the house,  and you would think that there is no way they could keep coming up with more episodes. Each one is like a really good movie. This definitely deserves a 5 star rating
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I have read most of Sparks' books and enjoyed them. They all have some tragedy or melancholy event, but I have always liked them and found them to be difficult to put down once I get started reading. The first 75 percent of this book is the same. I was really excited and wanted to keep reading and find out what was going to happen next. During the last 25 percent of the book, that excitement deteriorated rapidly. Without posting spoilers, I will say that I immensely disliked the ending and didn't like the direction in which he took the book at all. I wish I would have read reviews before purchasing this one. It is definitely NOT his best work and not the best for me. I would go so far as saying I disliked this book and wish I wouldn't have read it. I will definitely read reviews in the future before automatically purchasing any more Nicholas Sparks books.
0520215850|5.0|Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a book mixed with both fictional and real life heroes and villains in a time of civil war in ancient China. The video games, TV shows, and movies that are based off of this book have a lot similarities with this book. This book inspired me to learn more about my Asian roots and to major in Asian history.    Many of the events in the book are true, but since the book is historical fiction, some of the events that took place have been altered or never happened.  The same applies with the personalities of many of the characters in the book.  The best thing to do is to read both the factual and the historical versions of Romance of the Three Kingdoms.    Even though I know this to be the case, I enjoy the book overall. The book made me realize that there are heroes and villains in every team and in every force, no matter what side is considered \\"a hero\\" and which side is considered \\"a villain.\\" The book made me realize that love and relationships can have its ups and downs, and the book taught me how different people dealt with stressful situations, ambushes, strategies, and losses of lives.   There is tons of action for action lovers, there is romance, both happy and tragic, for all of the lovers out there that love love stories, and there is tons of information about China that people who are into Chinese and Asian culture can look into. I recommend this book to those that love literature, history, and Chinese culture.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|The CD arrived in great condition, and I love listening to it! Great music, and I quickly put it on my IPod. Now I can listen to it in the car (by the CD!), or as I'm working (on the IPod!).
0671207822|5.0|Thanks to one of my psychology professors, I was introduced to a book by Victor Frankl that is about what he went through in the concentration camps in Germany during WWII and how he survived.  He talks about his beliefs on psychology, his forms of therapy on helping patients, and on how even the worst of life's events made him want to keep living and continue to be a good and strong man.  He reminds me of what many of my friends and family members have had to go through. They all make my problems look stupid and ridiculous.  The book also helps me to appreciate life, what you have, and who you have.  I recommend this book to all people, to people that are depressed, to people that feel like there is no hope for them, and to people that want to combat racism.
B005H9B2CE|4.0|Well, this movie certainly turned out better than I expected. I'm trying to recall why I put seeing it off for so long. Definitely one of the top Marvel movies.
B003L77G2Y|5.0|I was quite pleased with the ease of navigating through the Amazon website, the ordering process and the item quality.
B005FUTBWS|3.0|It's a new Kevin Smith film, but you won't find any pseudo-intellectual Star Wars conversations, three nippled fortune tellers, kids on escalators, or(thank God) Ben Affleck here!  This has been described as Smith's \\"horror\\" film.  I definitely wouldn't place this in the horror genre-suspense I guess is more accurate.<br />I won't rehash the plot because I'm working under the assumption that everyone pretty much knows it anyhow.  Yes, it starts off like Hostel and winds up being a kind of reverse Assault On Precinct 13.<br />It's not the most original of plots, as it's scrapped together from bits of various torture porn and hostage and siege films, but Smith does manage to put a personal stamp on it.  Folks have said that Smith has messages and commentaries on society, religion, law enforcement and whatnot here, but honestly I don't see any.  It's just a fast paced thriller to me.  Having the villains as a crazy religious cult(think Westboro Ministry with guns) may seen like grounds for some kind of \\"message\\", but I think crazy religious folks just make for creepy and realistic villains.  Hell, that was the whole premise of Children of the Corn.  This cult however views homosexuals primarily as Satan's tools, and like to lure them to the church for murder.  Oddly enough, our protagonists/victims are not homosexuals, making the whole point kind of moot.  The three boys are lured to the church under the impression that they will be triple teaming a woman they met online.<br />A little sidenote here-To me, this is the icky part of the film, as I personally find it quite grotesque for three guys to be nailing a woman at the same time.  You'd certainly never find me in threesome with another guy, let alone a three pee-pee party.  What the hell's the point in that??  But these three guys are more than happy to do just that...and with an unattractive older woman too!<br />Anyway, back on track here.  I figured that if these zealots were targeting homosexuals that they would lure homosexuals through a fake sex ad for gay men.  Oh, well.  Parks' character has his justifications either way.<br />Speaking of Parks, he's pretty good.  I'm kinda biased as I've liked him since first seeing him as one of the main villains in Twin Peaks back in the day.  I did like John Goodman as the FBI agent in charge of the raid on the cult's compound.  I'm not sure if the FBI would actually order everyone to be killed, but I'm not in the FBI and the FBI certainly wouldn't truthfully answer if you were to ask them if they would really do that.  So, who knows?<br />All in all I liked the movie, but what really dragged it down for me is Smith's decision to film this movie in the same annoying style as many torture porn films of our time.  That is to say that the movie is overly gray looking and full of shakey, skipping, jarring camerawork.  Why in the hell do they keep doing this in movies??  Do people really think that looks cool or something?  Does it highten the suspense and make it all the more scarier?  Does anybody but me realize how tacky that looks, and how it robs the movie of any bit of realism it could possibly have by making it resemble a music video?  Hell, I might as well stop whining about it as it seems like it will never go away.  It's just odd that Smith, who's comedies were unconventional, would take such a bandwagon approach to the look of this movie.  To his credit though, it is thankfully not overused the way many films do it.  But basically this is the only reason for the three star rating instead of a four.<br />Like I said, I did enjoy it.  It zipped by quick and held me the whole time.  I certainly don't rank it as one of the most pulse pounding films of all time, but in a day of countless remakes, rehashes, reboots, prequels, choose your euphemism for \\"unoriginal crap\\", this was a nice breath of fresh air.ls through a fake sex ad for gay men.  Oh, well.  Parks' character has his justifications either way.  Speaking of Parks, he's pretty good.  I'm kinda biased as I've liked him since first seeing him as one of the main villains in Twin Peaks back in the day.  I did like John Goodman as the FBI agent in charge of the raid on the cult's compound.  I'm not sure if the FBI would actually order everyone to be killed, but I'm not in the FBI and the FBI certainly wouldn't truthfully answer if you were to ask them if they would really do that.  So, who knows?  All in all I liked the movie, but what really dragged it down for me is Smith's decision to film this movie in the same annoying style as many torture porn films of our time.  That is to say that the movie is overly gray looking and full of shakey, skipping, jarring camerawork.  Why in the hell do they keep doing this in movies??  Do people really think that looks cool or something?  Does it highten the suspense and make it all the more scarier?  Does anybody but me realize how tacky that looks, and how it robs the movie of any bit of realism it could possibly have by making it resemble a music video?  Hell, I might as well stop whining about it as it seems like it will never go away.  It's just odd that Smith, who's comedies were unconventional, would take such a bandwagon approach to the look of this movie.  To his credit though, it is thankfully not overused the way many films do it.  But basically this is the only reason for the three star rating instead of a four.  Like I said, I did enjoy it.  It zipped by quick and held me the whole time.  I certainly don't rank it as one of the most pulse pounding films of all time, but in a day of countless remakes, rehashes, reboots, prequels, choose your euphemism for \\"unoriginal crap\\", this was a nice breath of fresh air.
B005XRUPSC|5.0|Buy this album. You'll love it. It's beautiful, and soulful, and incredibly lush. Every track strives for - and achieves - a beautiful balance between Florence's amazing vocals and her signature orchestration and production. Expect a lot of big choruses, twinkling harps, dark lyrics, and sparkling piano riffs. And expect to hear most of these tracks in next year's movies and TV shows.<br /><br />I was one of the lucky few who found Florence + The Machine's \\"Lungs\\" back in 2009, via \\"Hurricane Drunk\\" (thank you, Morning Becomes Eclectic!). So it's been a looooong wait for album #2 (Lungs' B-sides notwithstanding). This album is one of those rare sophomore efforts that are simply worth the wait. If you really loved her first album, chances are very good you're going to go nuts about this one, too.<br /><br />Stand-out tracks include (but are not limited to):<br />2. \\"Shake It Out\\"<br />3. \\"What the Water Gave Me\\"<br />5. \\"Breaking Down\\"<br />6. \\"Lover to Lover\\"<br />7. \\"No Light, No Light\\"<br />8. \\"Seven Devils\\"<br />12. \\"Leave My Body\\"<br /><br />In fact, creating that list just now was pretty difficult, because every track has something really fun and/or gorgeous about it.<br /><br />I wouldn't recommend this album to anyone looking for simple, acoustic pop, that's for sure. But if you like your pop large, with a heaping side of orchestra and fantastic vocal harmonies (and a healthy pinch or two of darkness), this album's for you.<br /><br />Excellent work, Ms. Welch.
B005NPB7K4|3.0|After previewing all the songs, I opted to download Great Balls Of Fire, Pretty Woman, and My Baby Left Me. The rest of the songs didn't move me at all.   Chris, buddy- you're skatin'. Write some new songs.
0446560073|5.0|I love Simon.  I'd like to have him in my home.  Lotta laughs.  He gets into so many impossible situations and just thinks like a cat.
B003EYVXXW|5.0|This version of the Hypatia story isn't historically accurate in some respects, but it quite accurately displays the horror of Christianity during the 5th century, the legacy of Diocletian, eagerly adopted by the brutal 'catholic' brand of Christian apostasy which, after fighting with other Christians for three centuries, finally got control via Constantine, in the fourth.  It is a very hard movie to watch.  We have a sordid and disgusting history, yet claim as \\"Lord\\", someone who DIED rather than be brutal to others.  Thus we spit on His Name.<br /><br />The plot is based on history.  Problem is, the movie adds subplots of romance which are not true.  Basically, a pagan woman mathematician and philosopher who defended freedom of faith, ends up brutally raped and murdered by monks.  The movie version does not accurately portray her age when it happens (she was elderly), nor the monks who did it, probably to avoid ratings problems.  But it does nonetheless, in Cecille B. DeMille style, show the crowd frenzy.  Christians, egged on by a maniacal leader, just as much a mob as the one storming in the French or Russian or Chinese revolutions.  Shame on us.<br /><br />Our 'Church Fathers' were absolute JERKS.  And if you read what they write, you'll see that, soon enough.  They whitewashed our evil past, and persecuted anyone who properly wrote about it, with the result that we have NO idea what the Bible really says, or what our history, really was.  This movie, therefore, will likely be denounced by some, thinking it is anti-Christian.  No, it's pro-Christian, for the real Christian would never have engaged in that sordid past.  Some of the subplot elements do show this fact (I don't want to give away any details).  The dilemma of being a Christian yet giving into a crowd ABUSING the Bible, in the name of Christ!  That was our history, and it ought to be admitted.  But it has not been. Since those responsible, laud the disgusting 'church fathers' who were unabashedly apostate, anti-semitic, power-mad and just plain wacko.<br /><br />So all of us Christians need to see this movie.  It captures the time, well.  Constantine and his ilk were pawns of the evil that began in 96AD and has continued ever since.  The production is lavish, in Biblical style, and everyone associated with this movie should get a million dollar reward for the courage to make it.<br /><br />I am a Christian.  I make exegetical videos in Youtube, 'brainouty' channel, showing how Paul predicted this apostasy year by year, starting when Christ would have been age 56, in his meter of Ephesians 1:3-14.  So you see the brutal history plotted out in a kind of satire, showing how God's Plan will be achieved DESPITE our tawdry fake faith.  Extensive links to internet scholarly sources of the time are in the 'Chrono Chart' showing Paul's satire syllable (year) by syllable, at [...] .  I'm currently making videos to demonstrate how Paul's satire, works.  Will take well over a year to finish making them.tic, power-mad and just plain wacko.    So all of us Christians need to see this movie.  It captures the time, well.  Constantine and his ilk were pawns of the evil that began in 96AD and has continued ever since.  The production is lavish, in Biblical style, and everyone associated with this movie should get a million dollar reward for the courage to make it.    I am a Christian.  I make exegetical videos in Youtube, 'brainouty' channel, showing how Paul predicted this apostasy year by year, starting when Christ would have been age 56, in his meter of Ephesians 1:3-14.  So you see the brutal history plotted out in a kind of satire, showing how God's Plan will be achieved DESPITE our tawdry fake faith.  Extensive links to internet scholarly sources of the time are in the 'Chrono Chart' showing Paul's satire syllable (year) by syllable, at [...] .  I'm currently making videos to demonstrate how Paul's satire, works.  Will take well over a year to finish making them.
0345528581|1.0|This book is horrible.  All movements are simple, non-dynamic, and insufficient for a real workout.  I am a personal trainer, and I was looking for a book to help some newer clients learn about exercises they can do at home.  Luckily, I bought and read this book before I recommended it to anyone.  I will never recommend this ever. Pictures and material is outdated and boring. Don't waste your money
B004I8WD7S|4.0|i have both the smoke and clear cases for my iphone 4s.  i went with the clear first, but didn't really like the pattern on the back.  so, the smoke works just fine.  one thing to note, if you like to use thick high quality aux cables, it may not fit given the size of the hole for the headphone jack.  like another reviewer said, the cutout is too small. but i also think it would be the same for many other cases.  anyway, i like to use high quality aux cables, so my dremel tool came in handy to enlarge the hole.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|Bought it for my ipad 1. Does everything that it claims for the ipad ONE. If it doesn't then it's probably the app.
B005HG4C4C|5.0|Michael, you will be missed... Or will you?  Mangini is phenomenal. If ever there was an appropriate replacement in the drumming department....  Writing remains to be seen, of course. But if \\"A Dramatic Turn\\" is any indicator, it would appear than Dream Theater is still going strong. In fact, in my mind, this album could very easily have followed Octavarium. Not that \\"Black Clouds\\" was bad - it wasn't.  And certainly not to take away from \\"Systematic Chaos\\". It's just that this album fits nicely before the two of them in overall sound.  Since purchasing this album, I have listened to it numerous times. Much like other DT albums, this one seems to become richer and more nuanced with each successive listen.  If you are a long-term DT fan, buy it. You won't be disappointed. If you are reading this wondering who the heck DT is, or you have never heard them before, know that the short sound clips offered as preview will not even scratch the surface.  If you were a Rush fan \\"back in the day\\"... If you were a Floyd fan \\"way back when\\"... Give it a try.  You may find your new favorite band.
0563527994|5.0|I recently took a road trip with my dad. We have both enjoyed the Hugh Laurie/Stephen Fry television version of Jeeves and Wooster and gave this a listen. I was a little worried since I had trouble imagining the voices of those two characters NOT being Laurie and Fry. My dad and I both really enjoyed this. The cast was great, and I had no trouble reconciling the characters with the ones I already heard in my head as Bertie and Jeeves. In fact, I wondered if Fry and Laurie had listened to this and took away some ideas for how to inhabit these characters. I was surprised when I found out this was recorded in the 70's because the clear sound quality and production values seemed great.
B004ZN9J0K|5.0|English art rock giants Pink Floyd's second album A Saucerful of Secrets, released in July of 1968.<br />In late 1967, Pink Floyd were facing major problems.<br />The band's first US tour was cancelled after guitarist/singer/songwriter Syd Barrett's dependency on hallucinogenic drugs were causing his behavior to become more erratic (on the band's first US TV appearance on American Bandstand, the group got through it unscathed but on The Pat Boone Show, Syd refused to mime to \\"See Emily Play\\" nor speak to Pat), the band's third UK single \\"Apples and Oranges\\" failed and a proposed fourth single \\"Vegetable Man\\" was not ever released.<br />Early in January 1968, drummer Nick Mason, keyboard player Rick Wright and bass player/singer Roger Waters called Syd's childhood friend guitarist/singer David Gilmour and invited him to join making PF a five piece for five shows. Then, before what would have been the sixth gig as a five piece, Roger said \\"let's not pick up Syd\\" and Gilmour by default replaced Syd.<br />After he left, the band recorded a fourth single \\"It Would Be So Nice\\", which flopped and were also recording their sophomore effort A Saucerful of Secrets. I first heard this album on the 1973 double disc A Nice Pair, which was the reissue of Floyd's first two albums, when I was 11 in May of 1987.<br />The album starts off with \\"Let There Be More Light\\", which has Rick singing and Roger whispering in unison on one part then David Gilmour singing the next part. The track ends with a soaring Gilmour solo (the first proper guitar solo on a Floyd track by the way). Next is \\"Remember a Day\\", which was a holdover from Piper at the Gates and was written and sung by Rick with great slide guitar by Syd and drums by producer Norman Smith. \\"Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun\\" follows and was written and sung by Roger and was Roger's first truly great song he wrote for the band (he disowned \\"Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk\\"). This track is still a classic today and he performed it on his tours in 2000, 2002 and 2006/2007. Next is \\"Corporal Clegg\\" with Gilmour and drummer Nick Mason on vocal (yes, it was Nick who sang the \\"he won it in the war\\", \\"in orange red and blue\\", \\"he's never been the same\\" and the \\"from her majesty\\" sections of the track) and is your typical excellent, British psychedelic rock with kazoo solos.<br />The second half starts with the group composed title cut which became a showstopper for the band for the next four years and is a classic. This would be the stepping stone to what the band would take to the enth degree on future albums with creating epic story pieces (although this is an instrumental). Watch the version on Live at Pompeii and you'll agree to the fact. Rick's \\"See-Saw\\" follows and is a great song despite the fact Rick is embarrased by the track. Lastly, the album ends with Syd's \\"Jugband Blues\\" which was Syd's last track he recorded with the band in late 1967. The song is one of his best and is on the Pink Floyd best of Echoes since it is liked so much by the band and fans.<br />Sadly, A Saucerful of Secrets was hugely ignored here in the US upon its release but made it to #9 in the UK upon release in 1968. A Saucerful of Secrets eventually got the recognition it deserved when released on the double A Nice Pair album in 1973.<br />Now, as part of the Why Pink Floyd catalog overhaul, A Saucerful of Secrets gets a long, overdue sonic makeover remastering by James Guthrie. This remastering trumps either the remaster done in 1992 for the Shine On box set or the 1980s CD issue. The album sounds even better today (the remastering was superbly done) plus the booklet is excellent. An Immersion version of Piper/Saucerful is tentatively due in 2012 which will hopefully see a long-awaited release of the mono mix of the album (not ever on CD).<br />RECOMMENDED!<br />Sales notwithstanding, the album is a classic!s tours in 2000, 2002 and 2006/2007. Next is \\"Corporal Clegg\\" with Gilmour and drummer Nick Mason on vocal (yes, it was Nick who sang the \\"he won it in the war\\", \\"in orange red and blue\\", \\"he's never been the same\\" and the \\"from her majesty\\" sections of the track) and is your typical excellent, British psychedelic rock with kazoo solos.   The second half starts with the group composed title cut which became a showstopper for the band for the next four years and is a classic. This would be the stepping stone to what the band would take to the enth degree on future albums with creating epic story pieces (although this is an instrumental). Watch the version on Live at Pompeii and you'll agree to the fact. Rick's \\"See-Saw\\" follows and is a great song despite the fact Rick is embarrased by the track. Lastly, the album ends with Syd's \\"Jugband Blues\\" which was Syd's last track he recorded with the band in late 1967. The song is one of his best and is on the Pink Floyd best of Echoes since it is liked so much by the band and fans.   Sadly, A Saucerful of Secrets was hugely ignored here in the US upon its release but made it to #9 in the UK upon release in 1968. A Saucerful of Secrets eventually got the recognition it deserved when released on the double A Nice Pair album in 1973.  Now, as part of the Why Pink Floyd catalog overhaul, A Saucerful of Secrets gets a long, overdue sonic makeover remastering by James Guthrie. This remastering trumps either the remaster done in 1992 for the Shine On box set or the 1980s CD issue. The album sounds even better today (the remastering was superbly done) plus the booklet is excellent. An Immersion version of Piper/Saucerful is tentatively due in 2012 which will hopefully see a long-awaited release of the mono mix of the album (not ever on CD).  RECOMMENDED!   Sales notwithstanding, the album is a classic!
B0045JEPXU|5.0|My family and I love PitBull's music.  This CD has been living in my car stereo for weeks.  It is a feel good, dance moving CD.  I totally recommend it!!
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I loved this CD from the first notes. All of the musicians involved give great perfomances and Hugh Laurie's piano work has to be heard to be believed. Family members from seven to sixty years old have all wanted to listen to it over and over.
0446573019|4.0|oh, what to make of David Baldacci?  A capable and entertaining author, much of his recent work has not been up to the standard set by his early books.  My personal view is that this came about as he started producing books on a more regular basis, quantity over quality if you like.  And now we have \\"Zero Day\\" which is a very hard book to review...<br />The good news is that this is the best book from the author in some while, a fast paced page turner about an US Military investigator looking into some deaths in a small town and realising there is a far bigger picture.....<br />The bad news is that I am astonished at how this rips off Lee Child's Jack Reacher!  A tall military cop who goes by his surname, adept with his fists or weapons, hightened observational and analytical skills, the setting of small town US and a lady sheriff to boot!  It's almost like he went with a check list of a standard Reacher book!  It's astonishing almost to the degree that it is funny.<br />But it actually ain't bad and Reacher fans will probably enjoy this while thinking Mr Baldacci has a bit of a cheek. But the truth is, with the ripped off character and formula and Baldacci's ability, this works well and I have to say I enjoyed it.
0525423281|5.0|Stephanie Perkins makes me so happy. Seriously. This book was WAY more than I could ask for and then some (and dare I say it? I may like this more than its predecessor \\"Anna and the French Kiss\\", mainly because this book had Lola, Cricket AND Anna and St. Clair) and after finishing it, I couldn't wipe the huge smile off of my face nor could I get rid of the bubbly feeling in my chest (nor could I help this 'review' turning more so into a SQUEE fest than a legitimate review).<br /><br />Cricket was basically perfect,  but better yet, he didn't know it- so he wasn't all (like some YA male characters), \\" I know I am perfect and, yes, I also know that I am the shizzzz\\", nor was he condescending, unrealistic or unapproachable in the slightest. He was just sweet and charming and generous and cute and smart AND basically a million other things, but I will spare you from me listing them all. I think that all boys should be forced to read this book because they could learn a thing or two from Cricket (I am only slightly kidding).<br /><br />As for Lola? Well, in all actuality had this been another book (written by another author, with a different male lead), I probably would have been annoyed by her behavior (especially her selfishness) but I wasn't whatsoever because Stephanie made everything all sparkly and loveable. Furthermore, the secondary characters of this book were fantabulous, each was so unique and well developed (even Norah and Max).<br /><br />All in all, as I am sure it has become evident, I cannot say enough good things about this book. If you have yet to pick up one of Stephanie's books, you are truly missing out (and when you FINALLY decide to, I am sure that you will kick yourself for taking so long to do so).
B000V6Q9NU|1.0|I heard the beautiful track \\"Elysium\\" on Pandora and immediately went to Amazon to download the track. Unfortunately, and like others have mentioned, tracks are abruptly cut off at the end--extremely annoying.  I guess that's one way to force listeners to buy the entire CD.
B004W4N55C|1.0|Will not install samsung galaxy s epic so its hard to do a review when it won't even install. At least do the free purchase for this expensive app
B004LWZW42|4.0|I actually bought this movie to just finish off my X-Men movie collection.  When I seen the previews for the movie I did not think I would like it, but in all actuality I really did like it.  It was a darker turn from the other X-Men, but well done.  I do recommend this movie for you collection.
1593157134|5.0|The Compound Effect is a must read for anyone who is ALIVE and has a thurst for success.  An extremely easy read that essentially brings what you already know deep down to light.  The Compound Effect will inspire you to reevaluate how you approach life (life being defined as your passion).  WAKE UP and read the The Compound Effect.  You only get one life to live...better make the most of it :)
B0055SWM08|5.0|great app. has good graphics. gameplay is simple yet challenging. can't wait for the sequel. I recommend to anyone if you like these types of puzzle games.
B004EBUXI0|5.0|Bought a Xeon E3 1220 (with S1200BTLS) and this one Core I5 2500 (with H61), both sandy bridge processors are running very well. Benchmarked and the two get very close scores.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|My top 4 albums of Dave's being Killing, Peace, So Far, So Good, RIP....and then along comes 13. I've been listening to this nonstop and honestly, it has worked it's way nicely up the rank of albums to hang right below my albums listed above and that is some seriously sacred ground for me, as well as many others from the days of thrash greatness. 13 touches and dabbles in a combination of the past 12. When I say this album has got groove, it does not do it justice. Truthfully, I'm loving the solos, riffs and as I said, that huge groove, more than I have in a long time. I was worried when I saw Johnny K was at the helm, not because I don't like his work, because I really do but didn't know if he would be the right fit. Worries be damned....the productions superb. Sudden Death is a great opener, which would also be great show opener and 13 takes us out on a grand note. There is not a tune I want to skip and the album has great replay value. Never Dead is one of my favorites that takes me back to those first four albums. Fast Lane and  Millennium of the Blind are beginning to really stick out. Excellent artwork! I haven't been this addicted to a Megadeth album since RIP.
0440246016|4.0|As a fairly new fan of Lee Child I am enjoying \\"catching up\\" on all the former Jack Reacher stories.  I am never disappointed.  The only problem, well Mr. Child you might want to get a woman's view on some of the love scenes.  Not to realistic.  But that little thing won't stop me from reading all the rest in the Reacher series.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Modern Family is the perfect combination of genuinely funny writing, great casting, heart warming moments and been there-done thats. Each and every episode is a gem, and nothing ever feels overdone or cheesy.   There's one problem: I can't watch just one episode in a sitting. Or two. Sometimes, even three episodes isn't enough. I'm plowing through this season like a juicy filet mignon, and coming back for ice cream, even though I'm full.   And Sofia Vergara...........holy crap that's a lot of woman. But set that aside for a moment. Her personality and sense of timing and killer accent are just as big a part of her appeal. She's the whole enchilada.
B003TJR2HS|4.0|Works exactly like it should, I own 3 total, allowing my 3GS with an Otter Box case to play on devices it otherwise could not connect to. The only downside is that is leans back like the Leaning Tower of Pisa on every player I use it on. A more vertical orientation would be an improvement.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I lived this game on my Evo 4g, but since upgrading to my Epic 4g Touch this game has been force closing a lot. Please fix and I'll upgrade the rating.
0345529057|4.0|Classic collection as I expected, only fonts a little bit small. However considering the price, this is a great deal. I will buy more from this shop.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|....because this has to be one of the worst jokes in music history!!! Two of my favorite bands dropping records in the same week, Metallica and Megadeth, nice. Well, one of the two releases is incredible (Megadeth), the other, I'm beyond speechless. I really didn't pay attention to Metallica's release buzz as much as usual, due to the fact, I knew it was just a side project release and it was really taking alot of early criticism but still knew I'd check it out and be open to what they were trying. Love Metallica!!!, the good and the bad, with that said.......this is complete garbage!!!!! Metallica earned their stripes and have the right to experiment. Metallica is where their at because of their fans and in my opinion, owe those fans one hell of an apology!
0446556750|4.0|Another great book by Micheal Connelly.  Especially if you are a fan of his other works. Read it in two days.
0446585025|5.0|Ellen has done it again in true Ellen style.  In this latest book, she uses her unique sense of humor with wit and style.  I highly recommend this book which is divided in small chapters which allows the reader to go at their own pace.  As I'm reading it, I pause after a chapter or two so that I can savor the enjoyment.<br /><br />Everything Ellen touches become entertainment gold in my opinion!
1401232590|5.0|Well, it may not be \\"happy,\\" but The Long Halloween may be the best Batman story I have ever read (and thus deserving of a less than witty review title?). This is a year-long case has Batman following the serial killer \\"Holiday,\\" who strikes on special occasions. It features a large cast of villains, but in a way that feels natural--rather than a super-villain team up (though who can't love the Adam West Batman movie?). The mystery is intriguing and builds into a powerful conclusion. Some highlights are the origin of Two Face, and many appearances by Catwoman. The writing and art are both astounding. I cannot emphasize this enough! And if my opinion isn't enough, Christopher Nolan (of the most recent Batman films) definitely read and appreciated this book as well. And so should you! Seriously, if you like Batman at all, check this out!
B004LROUNG|4.0|John Grisham is one of my favorite authors.  Deep down I always thought I might make a good lawyer, but my road went a different direction...thank God.  The story starts out alright, burnt out lawyer looking for a way out.  When he snaps and spends the day numbing his spirit, it sounds plausible.  Where he ends up sounds implausible and his subsequent desire to make a new start where he ended up makes for a good read in fantasy.  None the less the author pulls me along the improbable path and I eat it up.  It stalls a bit in the middle, but because I like the author and know something cheery will be coming up I plug along.  It picks up as he nears the anticipated ending.  The corker is the end.  I won't say what happens, but it's a little too good to swollow, but then this is not real life.  It is an enjoyable tale and a good read.
B004W4N55C|4.0|Works fine on my Evo, Nook Color and Touchpad; all running cm7. Once you have chosen your tab you can use simple pinch to zoom in/out for best fit. Tab is rendered as as text and fits best on my touchpads 10&quot; screen though. Be advised, you need an internet connection to download tabs, but can save them into a favorites folder to view offline. Nice job Dev. Only issue is some text on the menus seems to overlap itself but doesn't affect use, I took a star for lack of polish.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|I'm not familiar with the Android OS...or the versions available.  This app says it needs 1.6 or higher...I have 2.2 but it won't work. any suggestions?
B004W4N55C|5.0|Don't rate this poorly because it doesn't work with a custom ROM, blame  the ROM creator. How many custom ROMs are out there anyway? Get real.  Don't rate things poorly because it's not for you. You never would have purchased this and subjected the dev to you're stupid review, but because you're an ingrate... A far a free goes, it seems like there is always some idiot refreshing his device waiting for the new faod just so they can &quot;hey isn't free, free? The app is great. Can't wait to give it a go! 7.99 is reasonable for all the tools and convenience.
0316098329|5.0|I don't read very often and it takes a really good book to keep me interested. I love this book.
0439023521|5.0|I will not go into the story line since the many, many reviews before this one will give you the plot.<br /><br />I wanted to share some of my thoughts on this book. I was surprised it is labeled as young adult. Much like the Harry Potter books it touches on many themes that resonate with more mature audiences.<br /><br />The \\"Hunger Games\\" were devised after an uprising in the U.S. was squashed by those in power. Now the games, the ultimate reality show is ran every year and is compulsory for the \\"selected\\" youth to compete. I found the mentioning of a past uprising almost eerie considering the armed police responses to the current OWS demonstrations. It lends a sense of just how possible that pre-history could be as I see on the news para-military police raiding Oakland OWS and sending a man to the hospital.<br /><br />I easily saw a correlation between the rich, spoiled, and privileged Capital residents who bet on the games as a strong correlation to Wall Street and the \\"1%\\" who gamble with people's lives and retirement savings without conscience. Those who are so entitled that they view others as beneath them and only good for what they can get out of them.<br /><br />I am sure others have commented on the \\"games\\" being a parallel to our current obsession with reality games taken to its ultimate conclusion. But I liked how the story drew out how contrived and cherry-picked that \\"reality\\" is. When you consider our current culture's blood lust from violent video games and movies, to accepting waterboarding and \\"enhanced interrogation methods\\" as okie dokie - it isn't much of a stretch to watching teens kill each other in the extreme gladiator version of \\"Survivor\\" Olympics as conceivable, even believable.<br /><br />Another aspect to the games is the ever present feeling that you are on camera. Every sniffle or smile is being recorded somewhere. I became more and more aware of the traffic cameras, ATM cameras, security cameras etc everywhere in our world today. We have accepted them and don't rail against them. We have become a country with its citizen's being scrutinized much like the games.<br /><br />I think this book has more to say about our current culture that is missed by many because of the YA label and suspense. Perhaps it was unintentional, but this book seems to be an indictment to our culture and times. Will we change the direction we are headed in?e have become a country with its citizen's being scrutinized much like the games.  I think this book has more to say about our current culture that is missed by many because of the YA label and suspense. Perhaps it was unintentional, but this book seems to be an indictment to our culture and times. Will we change the direction we are headed in?
B004KPLVXG|5.0|This Blu-Ray/DVD set is a great set to have if you love High School Musical 2!<br /><br />I just received this item today, so no chance to check out the extras but will soon.  Quality is perfect, and audio is great throughout the movie also.  I would recommend this to any fan that has only one Blu-Ray player and just a regular DVD player in other rooms, hence the reason it comes with the bonus DVD version of the movie.
031603438X|5.0|This book was 5 stars hands down, primarily because it was a memoir/autobiography and not some fictional crap written like prose to please typical book readers.  Odd are, the negative reviews come from those types of people, or those who can't understand what its like to be a musician.  And I do stress MUSICIAN, not rock star.  Its the public and the media who call Keith Richards that, not himself.  Although a decent chunk of the book is about the tumultuous 70's and 80's, you still never forget by the end of the book that the man himself is a living legend.  I'm a multi-instrumentalist with only one goal in mind, to be a great musician, not to be a pop or rock star.  When I read this book, it re-affirmed my opinion on music as a way of life and opened my mind further to the possibilities that still exist.  I feel like I learned a bit more about myself after reading it.  I don't have much more to say about it.  But if all you want to focus on is the drugs and the wild things that happened in his life, go ahead, but you're missing the point entirely.  To me, this will always be a book about music, and the passion Keith Richards has for it, its beyond a theme for the book, it is the book.  This is only solidified through the recurring theme about the song 'Malaguena' (mispelled I'm sure) that he learns as a younger boy and still brings it up throughout his life.  That's all I have to say about this spectacular read.
0307390349|5.0|When I picked up this collection of ten short stories by Alice Munro, I had no idea what I was letting myself in for.  This, courtesy of a reading group, was my first encounter with Ms Munro's fiction.<br /><br />After I read the first story, `Dimensions', I put the book down for almost a week.  I was not sufficiently optimistic about Doree's future to be comfortable with the possibility of a new beginning.  The ending to Doree's story took me by surprise, and I wanted more before moving on.  At the rate of one story a day, I finished the book.  Each of these stories made an impact and, a number of them made me uncomfortable - especially the relationships in `Wenlock Edge' and the cruelty of children in `Child's Play'.  I found `Too Much Happiness' quite different from the other stories, and it didn't work as well for me.  While I'm interested in learning more about Sophia Kovalevsky, a 19th century Russian mathematician, as a consequence - I couldn't be sure where fact ended and fiction began.  For some reason I found this distracting.<br /><br />The two stories I liked best were `Face' - with its male narrator and his disfiguring birthmark, and `Wood', the story of Roy and Lea.<br /><br />`You think that would have changed things?  The answer is of course, and for a while, and never.'<br /><br />In most of the stories, knowledge comes to the reader in pieces as the story moves between present and past.  In each of the stories we see events and relationships as the characters, mostly female, remember (and sometimes reinterpret) them.  I did not like most of these characters, but what they did (or how they reacted) often made an uncomfortable form of sense as the stories unfolded.  I found in many stories I wanted to know more, because I'd become involved enough in the story to not want it to finish when it did.  I think it's an issue of comfort rather than incompleteness.  The stories include a number of momentous and sensational events: including adultery, murder, suicide and violence.  But these events are not the centre of each story which generally revolves around relationships or consequences.<br /><br />Yes, I will be reading more of Ms Munro's fiction.  But not just yet: the devastating effect of some relationships is reality, but it's a form of reality I need in measured doses.<br /><br />`I grew up, and old.'<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smithare not the centre of each story which generally revolves around relationships or consequences.      Yes, I will be reading more of Ms Munro's fiction.  But not just yet: the devastating effect of some relationships is reality, but it's a form of reality I need in measured doses.  `I grew up, and old.'  Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B001GKJ2E8|1.0|I DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE AT ALL.  NEVER ABLE TO CAPTURE THE STORY LINE. PLUS THE ACTING WAS TERRIBLE ON ALL COUNTS.<br /><br />M
B004W4N55C|3.0|It seems a good app; however, it does not show up as an app in my droid 2. Every time, I had to start Amazon Appstore to open the app. Can you fix it, Amazon app store or the app dev team?
B004W4N55C|4.0|Dear special amazon app users, This app is free, it just takes Amazons system a half hour or so before it says free. This has been the way it has worked since day 1. So rating an app 1 star that you haven't even tried because you're a moron doesn't help people.  Onto the app, I could see this being useful for musicians. I personally wouldn't spend $7.99 on it but thanks to Amazons program I don't have to.
B000ZBUY78|2.0|I was given this watch as a birthday gift and I love the look and style, however, the automatic feature is very annoying. I have to set the time every time I put it on. It even stops working WHILE I'm wearing it and moving around. (It stopped working while I was at a wedding dancing nonstop). Now, after only having the watch for a month, it stopped working completely. No matter how much I move the watch, it will not start back up. I need to investigate the warranty on the watch but as it was a present, I'm not sure how to proceed. Just be careful with the solely automatic watch. The best would be a watch that has both the automatic and a back up battery that works while the watch is stagnant.
B005ETA5K2|5.0|This is a great product with an easy setup. It pulls in signals better than a competitor's unit that I spent more than $150.00 on.
B0002KPIQY|5.0|I was very pleased with my purchase.  The picture was so clear.  Also, it was sent in a timely manner as well.  I will recommend it to others.  M
B002ECN4P0|4.0|A good compilation, but wish it was a 2 disc set, not just for more songs, but so that those that do appear are not edited. Would prefer non edited full length versions of the songs.  It was disappointing too, that 'Fool to Cry' was not only edited, but given an early fade-out, when the album track had a full on  proper finish.
B004XVMCMQ|5.0|I just love how \\"purists\\" expect movies to be exactly like the books they're based on.  There is absolutely no way that a 90 minute or so movie is going to be exactly like the book.  No way.  This is thoroughly charming movie, with characters I recognize, brought to life by actors who resonate with those Austen wrote about, with the only exception of Mrs. Norris, who should have been a skinny, grayish shrew.  My only beef is perhaps with the whole West Indies incident, but it does not jar with the story as portrayed.  Believe me, the opium situation is a great explanation for the completely insipid Lady Bertram, and the sexuality of the movie is completely in keeping with the implied scandal leading to Maria Bertram's fall from grace.  Fanny is drawn as a young woman with strong convictions, who is played much more vocally than in the book, but Fanny was adamant in her unwillingness to sacrifice her principals in any degree, so a forte performance in a movie seems to be a much better choice than implied suffering, in my opinion.  Frances O'Connor was an inspired choice for Fanny: lovely, but not too beautiful; eyes full of personality; and a sort of suppressed sexuality that has to be present for Henry Crawford to be at all attracted to.  I enjoyed this production thoroughly, and am only annoyed with myself, also a Jane Austen \\"purist\\", for heeding the scornful reviews here on Amazon.
0062068423|5.0|What does Norway's participation with the Nazi's in WWII have to do with a murder case in Norway in the 21st Century?  How can the identity of one man be as elusive as a whisp of fog.  Harry Hole again encounters a case that spans decades of secrecy, deception, and revenge.  As Hole fights his own inner demons and holds on to his position in the Oslo police by the thinnest of threads, he proves that the crime novel isn't over until the very last page.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Very well done, I don't know what else I could ask for. Hopefully this will inspire me to play more guitar.
B000AP04FG|3.0|It was OK, I didn't really like it much, I mainly bought it to see what it was all about since making this movie Brad Pitt of whom I love as an actor left his wife.  I wanted to see what triggered his unfaithfulness to his wife.  M
1439192812|5.0|Dawkins puts in plain language an easy to understand basics of reality.  The book is beautifully illustrated and would do well in a life sciences classroom.  Teachers - buy this book & recommend to your board for review.  Students will greatly benefit from this text.  Excellent source for Q & A for and classroom debate.  A no nonsense way of observing the life processes and a way of dispelling many age old myths.  Highly recommended!
0440243688|5.0|This was a gift to a friend that also appreciates literature that holds your attention from the get-go.  I've read all his books, my friend is on his way !
0756665949|5.0|Really interesting and fun book to have. Goes through a lot of interesting little details, great for any LOST fan.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|I rarely go out of my way to rip on a product, but the so called \\"digital\\" copy that is included with Green Lantern is completely useless. I always look for the Blu-ray/DVD/Digital copy, which helps justify the higher price of the combo movie pack. It is nice being able to watch the movie on itunes/ipod, but this UltraViolet Digital Copy is absolute junk. If I had known that the digital copy was so useless, I would not have purchased this version. Just plain dumb.
B0000942LT|5.0|its a must have cd. the songs say a lot about them self's by just hearing. i would think this is one the best Staind cd i ever got. love it
B000001FQQ|2.0|the last KISS album featuring the appearance of fan favorite & drummer Paul Charles Caravello AKA Eric Carr . sadly Eric passed away not too long after this album was recorded of heart cancer and is greatly missed by many KISS fans. R.I.P.  recently i bought the cd version for my friend whos a diehard kiss fan/collector.now for my review of Hot in the Shade;  this album was actually my least favorite in terms of the 1980's era KISS. ive heard bootlegs & demos of songs intended to be on this album that in comparison to the actual album left me scratching my head. the worse song on this album is Cadillac Dreams-YUK! i wished gene had been derailed by that cadillac for even thinking that song would be good! but it did have some good stuff on it. the songs \\"forever\\"-(on forever bruce kulicks acoustic guitar solo is beautiful) \\"rise to it\\" & \\"hide your heart\\" are the strong songs to look for and the titles ending track \\"boomerang\\" is a monster of a tune featuring some of eric carrs best drum work. it seems KISS had alot of material to work with during this time, i just wished they had either written better songs or took the time to carefully choose the right songs for this album. i was not impressed by hot in the shade.unless your a diehard fan like my friend than i recommend trying out samples of this album BEFORE buying it. my opinion is one voice, yours is you own.
B004XDYJRU|4.0|Good app, use it often. Version 5.1 is at Market and I would like update here where I bought it.
B0038QMREK|5.0|Fantastic album. Great vinyl sound on the record, matching the sound of the tallest man on earth! Absolutely in love with this, it is the best format for the album. Spot on.
B004W4N55C|5.0|app runs on my droid 3 without issue. Replaces 2 old apps: gtuner and tabapp. I love the fact that it scrolls as you play, you can also transpose if you would want to. Thanks Amazon.
B000002LEM|5.0|wether your a sammy hagar lineup fan( i am ), or david lee roth fan or both (lets hope not gary cherone) then buying this album is worth every penny! this Sammy Hagar fronted album has the same classic early van halen punch as the likes of 1984 & there debut album . the song \\"source of infection is proof\\"!<br /><br />personally i think van halens making a mistake not bringing back original member/bassist Michael Anthony!<br />sorry van halen fans as a bass player i had to show Mike some luv!
B00000F14B|5.0|This really is one of my favorite shows and the production is excellent. All the performances, especially that of Robert Preston, are literally flawless. As a former band member myself, the big marching band scene sends shivers down my spine. I will probably watch this several times a year for the rest of my life.  Manny R.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Lots of tabs, has a built in guitar tuner, metronome, and chord library. You can search songs, look up top 100 tabs or get a random tab. Plus its free!
B005IS565S|3.0|Away from their roots, many songs sound like they were made directly for KROQ, and the whole \\"tough guy in a Lamborghini\\" doesn't fly. Very appealing to the \\"tapout\\" crowd but more irritating to the guys like me who went to their small venue shows where you could buy tickets at the door; before they were anyone. Overall, not a bad CD but not a great one either.
B003G4W49C|5.0|This is probably the book that got me to start reading novels.  A friend lent it to me when I was in Junior High and I got hooked.  It's still one of my favorite novels, and while some of the sequels are strange most of them are good. Overall this is a great intro to a string of good books with the last? in the series soon to come out (a branching story following Bean one of the side characters in this book).<br /><br />Even after all these years the book is still readable, still enjoyable.  It still challenges perspectives and allows us to dream.  Check it out, you'll be glad you did.  Also, the news is its going to be made into a movie soon.<br /><br />Best of all is the price.  At $5.99 there's no reason NOT to get it.  Other publishers are taking older books and repackaging them at $15... this one did it right.  Take a leap, read the story, enjoy getting lost in a version of the future.
B0036S4C6G|5.0|A friend of mine suggested this book and I gave it a read. I was very pleasantly surprised. The writing is astoundingly good, so much so that I sought out some of Egan's other works and just finished The Invisible Circus.  This is more of an anthology of short stories than a novel. The stories have overlapping characters and setting, but they're all different. They have different tones, styles, points of view, etc.  The characters are very complex. My comment was that they were \\"rendered with the precision of an old Swiss watch.\\" Each one seems like a work of art in and of themselves. The prose is wonderfully well written and lively. It had me on the first page.  It did strike me as the literary equivalent of \\"musician's music\\"-- a work whose purpose is partly to push the limits of the author's literary ability. But it was also enjoyable on a more mundane entertainment level. It was exciting, entertaining, sad, funny, and made me want to keep turning the pages. I find that combination to be high praise. Often \\"literary\\" works and \\"musician's music\\" are what my father calls \\"noodly.\\" They show off great ability, but otherwise are a bit boring and self-indulgent. (Cough modern jazz cough...) This work manages to accomplish both.
0345529057|5.0|I first knew about this book through watching the HBO series; and being a huge fan of Lord of the Rings, I knew I should read the book. I felt that the series was lacking on background information, so I decided to read. It's great so far! Each chapter focuses on a different character, but is not from their point of view necessarily. It's a fantasy novel that feels very real due to the interactions between characters and although there's talk of dragons and White Walkers, the book weighs more on the story itself, not the fantasy. (If you get my meaning.) Good stuff!
B004W4N55C|4.0|I was shocked to see this as the free app of the day, and I was shocked at how smooth the app feels. I haven't gotten a chance to test the accuracy of the tuner yet, though.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|If you are a fan of the game and or any of the first of the three movies you will enjoy this the 4th instalment and it will leave you hopeing for a 5th movie.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|This is a timeless classic.  I don't even have kids but I love the older disney movies.  Don't pass this up, or it will go back in the vault!!
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|I'm a long time Droogie and own every Deth album to date. When 'Endgame' came out, I was amazed and incredibly pleased of both the quality of the album and the warm reception it gathered upon release. Most people who look past the commercial music of today are able to find that classic thrash is still alive and rocking.<br /><br />Without going into too much history (because other reviews have already done that and better than I could do, anyway), I will say that this album offers an incredible listen and well warrants numerous repeated plays. Yes, it is different than 'Endgame', but rather than take a step backwards, this album chooses to take a step sideways and almost recap Megadeth's entire career in this, their 13th album. Hints of 'Countdown to Extinction' are present ('New World Order'; 'Millennium Of The Blind', which both deserved a righteous recording and proper place on a record) as well as the more modern era of Megadeth ('Public Enemy No. 1'; 'Whose Life (Is It Anyways?)').<br /><br />'Th1rt3en' also features the return of David Ellefson, a.k.a. \\"Junior\\", to handle bass duties after having done so for the vast majority of Megadeth's existence. With a strong rhythm section consisting of Ellefson and Drover, both Dave Mustaine and Chris Broderick really put forth some inventive axe-work and plenty of the creative riffs listeners have come to expect from Mustaine.<br /><br />Overall, this album is very consistent and somewhat of a rarity in today's music scene in that you can pop it in and listen to it from 'Sudden Death' to the title track, '13', without even the slightest desire to press the skip button (in fact, you'll be replaying it as soon as '13' concludes). Every Droogie, as well as anybody who is a fan of metal music in general, should pick this up and thrash on.<br /><br />5/5 stars, an excellent entry in Megadeth's history and an album that almost brings the band full circle. It leaves me excited for both the future and the present and the long-lived career of one of greatest bands to exist.<br /><br />Favourite tracks:<br /><br />'New World Order'<br />'Public Enemy No. 1'<br />'Whose Life (Is It Anyways?)'<br />'Fast Lane'<br />'Never Dead'<br />'Guns, Drugs, and Money'o exist.  Favourite tracks:  'New World Order'  'Public Enemy No. 1'  'Whose Life (Is It Anyways?)'  'Fast Lane'  'Never Dead'  'Guns, Drugs, and Money'
B000000W5H|4.0|Five star Rolling Stones albums would be Let it Bleed up through Exile to me. Goats head soup is almost classic and sounds fantastic to me(although not quite up to the task of following Exile). It's only rock and roll starts out with a bang in \\"If You Can't Rock Me\\" which is one of my favorite post Exile stones songs. Many of the other tracks are strong and still \\"rock\\" in a way that albums like Black and Blue don't. I still can't understand how Some girls is ranked higher than this in most Rolling Stones album ranking lists found on the internet. If you are getting into the Stones check this one out 6th right after you hear the greats and Goat's Head Soup.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I loved this version of a great book.  I read it so many years ago, I can't comment on how true to the book it is, nor do I care.  The lead characters are wonderful, especially Mr. Darcy (currently this actor is starring in The Three Musketeers, also good).  I'm an incurable romantic, but this movie satisfies all those sense and sensibilities.  The scenery, the music, all lovely.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|Thriller's 25th Anniversary was the hipest album ever taped. There were five super stars involved in the making not to mention Peggy Lipton whom orcestrated sthe involvement of Vencent Price. Then Eddie VanHalen and his nonpraink calls very involved with his many gibson's. We liked the English accent especially with imphasis on the Price; knot to mention Peter Loury in any horrow Johnara. I wish I could dig up some more (CD+DVD) Hipnest.   The Red Man from Gary Indiana   11/04/2011   Thank you Amazon.com for the many CD's and DVD's in which I found on your web sight!!!!!
B004W4N55C|5.0|anyone thinking this is a game and comparing this to guitar hero is a complete moron and should not be using a android phone, or any smartphone for that matter. lol stupid
B004W4N55C|5.0|This found 99% of the bands I threw at it, trust me...I did some pretty obscure ones. It's like having every tab book ever all in one place, great job dev. 5 Stars! :D
B004W4N55C|5.0|WOW is my rating. ignore the one star ratings. This app does it all with a very well done interface!   My one complaint is that it doesn't wrap the text of the tab makers explanation  of their tab but I can live with  that.  Has a very nice looking high res interface. iphoneish if you will.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This app is really easy to use.  Fluid navigation, and the tuner makes it worth the money alone. Very visual, fluid graphic movement, sensitive enough, easy to use on stage on the road. Love the tap feature on the metronome.
1933633867|4.0|I enjoyed reading this book very much and would recommend it to anyone with an interest in economics, history, governance and generally in the \\"human condition\\". The book's writing style is free of technical jargon and lecturing and has a rather easy-going conversational feel to it - it's as if you met the author at a party and engaged him in a conversation about debt, with the author doing most of the talking, naturally. Nonetheless, it is a very far-reaching and certainly thought-provoking book. The text begins with the traditional story we are told in Econ 101 about the origins of money in barter; then it briefly touches upon the primordial debt theory and, after brushing both aside, launches into the \\"wilderness\\" of reality. A scene unfolds after a scene: Madagascar under the French colonial rule, Babylon of the time of Nehemiah, the African tribes of Lele and Tiv, the ancient Greece, China and India, West Africa during the slave trade and so on to the present days.  The history of debt is a history of human relations. Each scene in the book leads the reader to certain observations, which in some instances are never laid out completely bare but remain to be gleaned. Some of these observations comprise systematic views, such as when the author shows that virtual and metals money alternate throughout history. According to one anecdote (a different version of it is presented in the book), Plato was sold into slavery by Dionysius the Elder, the tyrant of Syracuse. Dionysius was in a constant need of money for military campaigns against the Carthaginians. He taxed Syracuse heavily and robbed temples, once replacing a golden mantle with a woolen one on a statue of Zeus. Projection of power and military campaigns demanded mercenaries, mercenaries demanded gold, and the need for gold trumped everything else - philosophy and philosophers included. Intuitively, one can see how men like Plato could adopt religion as a stick to beat the tyrants and the materialism of that era with it, going into the Middle Ages, followed by a \\"rediscovery\\" of the power politics at the onset of the modern times. Can we prove this inference? Certainly not, but intuitively it feels plausible and logical.   The book has many scenes of debtors: Cortes, King Casimir and others. Debt dehumanized and dishonored debtors. However, we never really see the lenders. They are faceless, referred to as the Genoa financial center or the creditors or some such. Nor do we see the motives, personal outcomes and moral dilemmas of engaging into lending: do the lenders carry a responsibility for the actions of Cortes and Casimir? We are told that Cortes had never escaped the trap of debt and all the gold that he plundered in the New World went straight to his lenders and then straight to Asia to pay for spices, silk and porcelain. Casimir apparently showered lucrative court offices onto his lenders, while eying church property. There seems to be a huge difference between Dionysius and the Romans and Casimir as far as collection of precious metals is concerned. The former two obtained precious metals though conquest, taxation, expropriation and occasional sale into slavery of a hapless philosopher, while the latter borrowed it. Why was this wealth available to be borrowed? Who, and how was it accumulated? Why couldn't Casimir simply expropriate it? We are told that he could not because ever since Knights Templar the lenders have been \\"territorial\\". That is clearly not enough of an explanation, and unfortunately, the rise of the lender to the kings goes largely unexplored.  Present financial arrangements are to some extent carry-overs from the personal arrangements between kings and their private lenders. And as such they are very difficult to understand for a democratic polity. The text indeed points out that actual modern monetary arrangements are stranger than anything conspiracy theorists could imagine on the most imaginative of days. And that indeed there is a master behind a curtain. But that's not enough. The lenders to the kings have become the lenders to democracies. And just as Casimir had been reduced to being a sovereign in the name only, so are the democracies being reduced to democracies in the name only. I would be looking forward to a history of the lender. Perhaps, it would intimate a way out the current predicament.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Already bought ugt but now have tools as well. Thank you so much!! If you play guitar then this app is a no brainer. Seriously, the best.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|It seems that all musicians are doomed to lose more and more sense of good taste with each 20 years they age. Musicians who produce their best work in their 20s are often struggling by their 40s, start doing weird stuff, before releasing their Christmas albums when they reach 60. Lou is already past the point of no return, and I'm surprised he hasn't released his Christmas album yet, with or without a vocal cord transplant, but it's bound to be coming soon. Metallica theoretically have a few more years in them before they lose it completely and do their own Christmas album, but time is running out. This album, with one of the worst covers in rock history, is an endurance test, the ultimate test Metallica have ever put their fans to. It would have made a funny April Fool's joke, but as it is, it's more like vomiting in your best friend's face to test his friendship. If there ever was a marriage made in hell, this is it. (PS - to all those who've bought this and want to get at least some of their money back, now is the time to resell your copy, the second-hand value of this thing is going to plummet...)
B000FCKBCU|5.0|Ever since I read this a few years ago, it has been my favorite Sophie Kinsella book, my go-to novel for when I need to improve my mood. Nathaniel the gardener is a great hero, one of my favorites ever, and he's truly unforgettable. I think this would be amazing as a movie, better than the Shopaholic film.
B001E45XT4|4.0|Pros:  I'm not an audiophile, but the sound is good enough. What I like most is the comfort. The headphones are big enough that they surround and don't really touch my ears, so they are comfortable to wear for long periods of time.   Cons:  They would probably break a little bit easier than other headphones, but it's not like you have to be extra careful with them.  Overall:  I've used lots of headphones for gaming over the years, and these are by far my favorite. Even though they are a solid product, they get 4 stars because they aren't the best of the best, but then again you can't expect excellence all around without paying a lot more. For the price, they would get 5 stars.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|My lady friend loved the movie. It was exactly as the item said it would be. it was brand new! A+! on everything overall.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Was already a fan of the site. Would have gladly paid for the app, so kudos to the dev and Amazon for making it free for a day!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|There are plenty of SLR Backpacks out there.  Many of them are much higher in price than this AmazonBasics Backpack.  The backpack is extremely well put together.  There is plenty of room for a tablet, cables, filters, lenses, a flash, manuals, and even straps on the side for a tripod.  I've taken this backpack to New York, Maui, Las Vegas, and Omaha.  The straps are padded and the backpack doesn't feel too heavy even if you are carrying a bunch of equipment.  One thing I did not like is when I carry the backpack with a cutoff sleeved shirt, the material gives me a rash.  There are also too many straps on the bag in my opinion (I don't even know what they are all used for).  But those are just minor things for me.  Highly recommend.
B0057R5XRG|2.0|I'm half an hour into the first film, and i have to say that i feel my old DVD copy has the exact same picture quality.  The only bonus about this set, to me, is the digital copies.<br /><br />If you have the DVD's, don't waste your money on this set.
B001KRVLCI|5.0|really loved it/ #u gotta get it. i saw the movie years ago and i forgot most of the movie. One day my sister told me about it again so i had 2 get it.
B005974CNA|2.0|I hate to say it. I really do. I really had high hopes for this album but it is the final nail in the coffin for Dream Theater IMO. The songs for the most part are pretty bad. There are a couple of good ones but the rest are just blah. I have listened to this album 6 or 7 times and I still can't think of how most of the songs go. Use to be Dream Theater might right a song that had parts I did not like but then it would kill with a change up. I mean This album breaks the number one rule in progressive rock/metal.... It's boring.   I am not one of the Dream Theater fans that demands all Dream Theater sound like I&W. I love I&W but I also love Scenes From A Memory, Train Of Though, Change of Seasons, Awake, and Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence. I thought that Octavarium had some good moments but I also think it was with Octavarium that each album got worse. Systematic Chaos, and Black Clouds & Silver Linings seemed to be Dream Theater going through the motions. I thought that Mike Portnoy leaving the band sucked (I love Mike) but I also thought it might help shake things up. It didnt. Oh and I hate Falling Into Infinity and have no feelings towards When Day and Dreams Unite becasue I don't care for Charlie on lead vocals.  Anyways this album  1. On the Backs of Angles - It a pretty good song. Not a classic but a good DT song  2. Build Me Up, Break me Down - Really bad song hear. Belongs on Falling to Infinity. The chorus is laughably bad. I really really hate this song.  3. Lost Not Forgotten - Not a bad song but again just boring. I don't hate it but I don't ever care to listen to it. I really hate the falling down the stairs part at the 2:00min mark. By that I mean it I can picture someone falling down the stairs when I hear that part of the music. It does not fit in. It is progressive for progressive sake and does not serve the song.  4. This is the Life - Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.  5. Bridges In The Sky - Better. Got to get through the long intro but a much better effort. Not perfect. On any other any Dream Theater album this from Before and including Octavarium this might be the worse song on the album but hear it does not have the stiff competition.   6. Outcry - I can not for the life of me remember this song five seconds after I hear it. I had to listen to it again for this review.  7. Far From Heaven - Back to sleep Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  8. Breaking All Illusions - Best song on the Album This one is the one Keeper on the whole record. Is it worth the price of the album alone? Well I don't know about.  9. Beneath The Surface - Boy am I glad to get three Dream Theater slow songs. This is the best one. Far better then the zzzzz's but that's not saying much. If this was the only \\"Ballad\\" I might like it more but it just adds to the boringness of this album.  So there you go. TWO very good Songs. Two very Average songs and Five very boring UnDream Theater like songs with one of those songs being AWFUL.  I will always love DT. To many great albums to turn my back on them but I really hope the next one is better.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This app is great! It has really neat built in features that can search for tabs of the song that is playing on your music player. Also, the tuner and the metronome are pretty good as well. Well made app, runs smoothly on droid x
B004W4N55C|5.0|F ya this is what I'm talking about! Now this is a worthy free app, hell its a worthy $8 app so to offer it for free is a come up.
B0034G4OXQ|4.0|...a Clint Eastwood movie.  This film is visually beautiful, with a more or less engrossing storyline and characters that I did come to care about...but overall is a very superficial glossing-over of an otherwise fascinating subject.  The opening scene with the tsunami is quite impressive; unfortunately, the rest of the movie doesn't quite live up to it.  The ending is predictably Hollywood as far as much-too-neatly tying up all the loose ends with a happy and fortuitous twist, but again fails to present or support any coherent theme or thrust behind the story.  There is simply no subtext at all---it's very much a straightforward, what-you-see-is-what-you-get kind of light drama, kind of a Public Service Announcement to raise awareness that hey, people who almost die usually report the same visions and there just might be a couple of genuine psychics out there amid all the fakes...not exactly breathtaking new information.<br /><br />Cecile De France is a gorgeous woman and feast for the eyes, but aside from that this is far from Eastwood's best work.  All the same, I do not regret renting it from Blockbuster.  I definitely would have regretted purchasing it, however!<br /><br />3 and 1/2 stars.
B003ZHQVJO|3.0|I'll preface this by saying that Rock And Roll Jesus was the best compact disc of the decade (2000-09). That album was all over the place and it came together perfectly. This disc is a little too country for my liking, but fans of that genre, will dig it. It's not a bad record, but falls several rungs below RNR Jesus on the Kid Rock ladder.
1594744769|3.0|I spotted this book months ago when I was on leave from Iraq and instantly wanted to read it, the evocative photo on the cover grabbed my attention especially after I gave it a closer look. The young lady is floating. FLOATING!<br /><br />How cool is that?<br /><br />I knew I had to read this because it just sounded neat. The initial set up is interesting and the first part of the book is engaging and makes you really wonder what is going on. As soon as the lead characters arrive on the island the novel is turned up a notch with new characters introduced and mysterious circumstances that keep you guessing. The new characters and the strange world they inhabit are unique and certainly set up a creative world for this (and possible future) novel. I thoroughly enjoyed the first half of the novel.<br /><br />Then the second part began. While I still enjoyed the second part of the book, I felt at this point the book changed from a gritty, mysterious and strange book to more of a teenage adventure story (Nazis included!). I also felt the overarching mystery was resolved far too soon in the book (hence the end of the mystery and switch to adventure). The big baddies I felt were hollow and not fearsome at all. At a certain point when the worst of the worst is revealed and almost too easily dispatched, it felt like an empty victory and I seriously was just waiting for the horror film cliche where the bad guy was just pretending to be defeated and would pop back in at any moment in a 'jump from the seat of your pants' moment. That did not happen. Don't let that sound like I thought was a terrible novel, it was good, I feel the second part falls short of the set up of the first half. If I had to size up the book quickly I would say the first half is X-Files (or Fringe for you younger folks) and the second half is X-Men: First Class.<br /><br />The book takes the unique angle of using vintage photos to add to the effect of the book and it works well. I read somewhere the photos are mostly used as-is and had very little photo-shopping done to them, I am not sure about this, but it works well and especially in the first part of the book add greatly to the mystery and spookiness of the book. The photos are atmospheric and fit perfectly with the novel.<br /><br />On a whole I thought the book to be well written and interesting, I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it, however, I would temper that with I felt the second half needed to be tweaked a bit to add more mystery to make the book more consistent across the entire breadth.tle photo-shopping done to them, I am not sure about this, but it works well and especially in the first part of the book add greatly to the mystery and spookiness of the book. The photos are atmospheric and fit perfectly with the novel.  On a whole I thought the book to be well written and interesting, I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it, however, I would temper that with I felt the second half needed to be tweaked a bit to add more mystery to make the book more consistent across the entire breadth.
B0036TGT3E|1.0|The Blue Ray Movie did not play on my Blue Ray.  It kept on going back to the main menu no matter what! Fortunately, it came with a regular movie so my kids were able to watch it, but very dissapoint that the blue ray movie did not work.
B004W4N55C|5.0|As someone who has been downloading tablature since before there were web browsers, I can tell you this is the real deal. All the tab we've grown to know and love, just like it is on all the websites, but formatted to look good on a tiny screen (with some zooming out).  A handy auto scroll feature lets you play without having to handle your phone, but you'll still need to be close to see it.   I will never again be stuck not knowing how to play a song, no matter where I am. Great app!
B001UV4XIS|1.0|An Ultraviolet digital copy is like saying there IS no digital copy.  Don't be ripped off like we were.  The movie is alright, but the Ultraviolet streaming crap from flixter is less than useless, especially when you've gone through the whole bit to sign up, and the darned thing doesn't work even then.
B004W4N55C|4.0|How will I launch app after today?  This is on the DroidX Great app... would like to use again after today. Can only launch app from the appstore...
B0049P1VHS|4.0|The Walking Dead is the story of Rick Grimes, a sheriff's deputy who woke up from a coma only to find out a zombie apocalypse had taken place in the interim. The show opens with Rick shooting a zombie, flashes back to the shooting that put him into the coma, and then forward to him waking up. He shortly sets off on a quest to find his family. The Walking Dead is based on the Robert Kirkman comics, but does at times depart significantly from them.<br /><br />After several movies (28 Days Later, I Am Legend) with fast zombies, The Walking Dead returns to slower zombies (but not too slow). The only way to put them down is to kill the brain. A bite will pass the infection. Zombies don't have much to say other than, `AAAAGGGHHH!'<br /><br />The zombies look great. The writers and directors know how to start a scene off on a slow simmer then ratchet up the danger level. The shot of Rick entering a dead Atlanta on horseback was instantly iconic. The opening credits create the perfect mood.<br /><br />Some of its best work is expanding on what is in the comics (e.g., Rick arriving in camp). The medium allows scenes to be drawn out to allow the viewer to really soak in the emotion. Sometimes they push it a bit too far, though (e.g., the fishing scene). A lot of the new stuff is phenomenal as well (e.g., anything with Merle or Daryl). TV allows you to examine your characters and the effect of a zombie apocalypse on human interactions, but the show is sometimes clumsy at doing so. Coupled with the tendency of the characters toward stereotypes, I have the niggling sense that the writers could have created something much better but thought we're too stupid to appreciate it. There is a sad reversion to the horror norm that women only react to danger by screaming helplessly.<br /><br />In another example of \\"dumbing down\\" for television, we are given significant expository information on the zombie \\"infection\\" and the collapse of world civilization in an info dump near the end of the season. Presumably driven again by lack of faith in the viewer, the writers sucked a lot of the horror of the unknown out of the show.<br /><br />The writers also get somewhat lazy in their storytelling from time to time. For example, characters exclaim that it is 100 degrees outside the day after a character was complaining about the cold; temperatures in Atlanta don't vary that much from night to day.<br /><br />DVD extras include The Making of the Walking Dead, six Inside the Walking Dead episode guides, A Sneak Peek with Robert Kirkman, Behind the Scenes Zombie Make-Up Tips, Convention Panel with Producers, and The Walking Dead Trailer. They have replaced traditional episode commentaries with short videos (~5-6 minutes each) of the characters and creators talking about the episode interspersed with clips of the episode. This has several advantages over a traditional commentary: it is far less tedious to watch, he keeps the contributors on focus, and it avoids spoilers (you could watch each clip after the corresponding episode).the season. Presumably driven again by lack of faith in the viewer, the writers sucked a lot of the horror of the unknown out of the show.<br /><br />The writers also get somewhat lazy in their storytelling from time to time. For example, characters exclaim that it is 100 degrees outside the day after a character was complaining about the cold; temperatures in Atlanta don't vary that much from night to day.<br /><br />DVD extras include The Making of the Walking Dead, six Inside the Walking Dead episode guides, A Sneak Peek with Robert Kirkman, Behind the Scenes Zombie Make-Up Tips, Convention Panel with Producers, and The Walking Dead Trailer. They have replaced traditional episode commentaries with short videos (~5-6 minutes each) of the characters and creators talking about the episode interspersed with clips of the episode. This has several advantages over a traditional commentary: it is far less tedious to watch, he keeps the contributors on focus, and it avoids spoilers (you could watch each clip after the corresponding episode).
B005G4TJI4|5.0|I really enjoyed the continuing series.  Shia LeBoef is very entertaining!  The Blu Ray graphics were fantastic on my 40\\" flat screen. I wonder if they will do another?  Can they top themselves(?)
0062011847|5.0|This book is funny and profound! I highly recommend it for anyone who loves to laugh and loves to think.  This will make a great addition for all the Pratchett fans out there!
1400052181|5.0|Enjoyed the book way more than I thought I would considering it is true and \\"scientific\\"- had to look up some of the references, but overall the entire HeLa cell thing was explained easily.  Nice combination of the science behind the HeLa cells and the human story.
B005AUWY90|2.0|My kids have been eagerly waiting to see this movie because we missed it in the theatre.  I pre-ordered this, and it was delivered the day of its release, as promised.  The reason I love dvds so much is because I really enjoy the special features.  If there aren't special features, just give me the VHS.  Since most releases now require the more expensive purchase of a Blu-Ray disc too, in order to view special features, I went this route.  My major disappointment is that the only special features on either disc are two shorts and the commentary during the film.  What gives?  I just saw the new configuration of Amazon's product page with the comparison of the options that shows you can get all kinds of features if you spend even MORE money for the five disc combo with the digital copy etc.  I'm looking at my vast collection of movies, and through the years I have spent over a thousand dollars buying them.  I think this is more geared towards the powers at be who make the packaging decisions, though I wasn't as impressed with the movie as I thought I would be considering its reviews.  Edit:  My son complained the first time viewing the Blu-Ray that it started all over again.  I thought he was just playing with the clicker.  In two more viewings, the disc has randomly stopped a started from the beginning on its own.  I think this will be returned.
B0026FCNK2|5.0|Actually I'm pretty happy with the product and also arrived very quickly. Just perfect. I saw her a few days ago and it's great
B005AUWY90|2.0|I take no pleasure when I say that Cars 2 is the most disappointing movie I've seen since Shyamalan's The Last Airbender. It's not the worst movie of the year, (Transformers 3 has a death grip on that dubious honor) but when it comes to Pixar films, I expect a lot more.   Cars 2 asks the question, \\"What would Hitchcock's North By Northwest be like if Cary Grant was super annoying and shallow?\\" Mater was a perfectly fine sidekick in the original Cars, but here in a lead role he is grating. Just about all of his \\"jokes\\" are cringe-inducing. At one point he sings the State Farm Insurance jingle with some replaced words. I audibly groaned. Beyond his schtick, there's not much too him. He spends most of the movie bumbling around, either accidentally foiling the bad guys' evil plot or being saved at the last second by someone else. Then late in the movie they try and give Mater some depth by interjecting \\"Be yourself\\" themes. This is probably the standard go-to theme to put into kids movies. It's been done a million times. For this theme to even have a shot at working, you have to like the protagonist. I didn't like Mater and subsequently it didn't work for me.   It's not all bad. The action scenes are fun, sometimes even downright visceral. The opening scene in particular is thrilling. And occasionally, I did chuckle. The batting average for the humor is low, but it's not .000.   Overall, Cars 2, following it's protagonist's lead, is a very shallow experience. There is no subtext, all of the themes are said repeatedly by all of the characters, it is never surprising. And I know, the defense is this is a kids movie and it's okay for kids movies to be shallow. I would agree to an extent, but that's not the light I viewed Cars 2 in. This is a Pixar film. Their last four films are not only some of the best kids films of all time, but were also some of the best films of any kind of the last four years. To regress to being simple \\"kids films\\" is unfortunate. Hopefully next summer I'll be raving about how awesome Brave is and Cars 2 will be a slightly depressing memory.
1416550550|5.0|Really enjoyed the book- we read it for bookclub and gave for some interesting dialogue.  Would recommend keeping notes of the characters in the beginning- had to go back and look up people occasionally, but the story is very engaging.  Totally recommend!
1423140591|5.0|I received the book on schedule as promised.  My son was thrilled with the purchase and read the book in 2 days. He is 11 and loves Rick Riordan. We highly recommend the book and ordering through Amazon.
1609419693|5.0|I think Tina Fey is hilarious and this audiobook is no less so. Definitely worth getting it in audiobook rather than print for her narration.
B004EPZ020|3.0|Much like before, the family in question sets up a video recording system to monitor house activities.  This time it's 6-hour cycles of VHS.  Old school baby, tracking problems and all.  Speaking of problems, the third installment of this franchise - one I have enjoyed somewhat - goes significantly off-track in this prequel revisal.  In previous (read: future) films the spirit (Toby) is unmistakably evil, but in this version the paranormal has a range of emotions...as odd as it sounds.  Friend to foe, playful at times, the consistency is severely lacking.  Compounding this problem is the bizarre twist at the end in which the family history alluded to in the previous two films is sloppily exposed in an abbreviated final act.<br /><br />What this film does deliver is historical perspective and solid acting.  The viewer finds out why the family's lineage has been haunted, as well as the source of the haunting.  But, as mentioned, it just isn't cohesive enough to truly enjoy.  A seasoned viewer is likely to watch this third installment and crack jokes through most of the scenes because we know just about when attention is required.  While fresh the first time I saw this style of horror, the novelty has worn off.  Additionally, how am I supposed to resolve the conundrum of a truly scary demon from [[ASIN:B002VKE1K2 Paranormal Activity]] is named Toby?!<br /><br />Decent, but not as good as the previous versions, wait for DVD.
B00127RAJY|3.0|This video is okay.  It is hard to give it more stars since Jillian is airbrushed on the cover.  Seriously?  That kind is a bit contradictory don't you think?  Her abs don't look a thing like the cover. The workout is great but the overall experience is a little irritating.  She trys to \\"tough \\" talk too much and you have to sit through all the gabbing at the beginning to get to the workout selection screen.  If she would stop talking and just get with the workout it would be much nicer.<br /><br />\
0062011847|4.0|As always, Terry Pratchett has written a fantastic story -- a great and fun read.  However, his craftsmanship has been let down by a terrible binding job by the folks at HarperCollins USA.  The pages were all over the place.  HarperCollins obviously does not take the work of this author seriously.  I would STRONGLY recommend sourcing this book from another publisher (perhaps via Amazon UK).
0385523912|5.0|I bought this book on a lark on a suggestion from a blog.  I am glad I read this book.  It is well put together, stringing together the stories of a number of North Koreans.  the author does a superlative job of going beyond the obvious stark descriptions of life in North Korea; she truly makes you understand their plight.  Well done, and am must read for those interested in studying the human condition.
0385534639|5.0|Yes, this book was amazing! Whenever I read a book like this -- with twists and turns in the plot and mysteries to figure out -- I am amazed at how a person can come up with these things. Erin Morgenstern wove a wonderful tale about this Night Circus and all of the elements behind it. This was a story about two people, an intricate challenge, a love story, and an adventure. There were so many things to love about it. My favorite characters were the Murray twins and Bailey. The Murray twins were born on the opening night of the circus which gave them special gifts. Bailey was just an ordinary boy who went to the circus on a dare and fell in love with it and with one of the twins. I can imagine this book being transformed into a marvelous movie with lush transformations and plenty of magic. One of the other reasons I loved this book -- and the reason that I purchased it in the first place -- was the narration of Jim Dale. He makes every book he narrates come alive. As the \\"man in the gray suit\\" tells Widget (one of the twins), \\"You never know how your words are going to affect people.\\" The words of this book will stay with me for a long time. Thank you, Erin Morgenstern and Jim Dale, for giving us this gift. I'm planning to purchase the actual book just to read the prose. This review is of the audiobook.
B005AUWY90|5.0|My kids and I love it! I have a autistic 6 year old son and a 3 year old daughter. It's like a james bond movie but there IS a postive message. Many people have said there isn't any substance and any feel good moments in it but there is. Lightening Mcqueen gets embarassed of Mater and yells at him because he is being himself (goofy, and accident prone) around sophisticated people. Later Mcqueen becomes remorseful for treating Mater like that when he finds a note from Mater that he is going home.  Mater is sad because everyone sees him as a goofball and no one takes him seriously. He learns it's ok to be yourself and not to change. Mcqueens lesson is you can't be best friends with someone behind closed doors (only in radiator springs) and then be ashamed of them out in the open. If you like them, then you accept them for who they are all the time.    My kids loved all the action and racing. I liked it because it's a fun movie to watch. Some people need to lighten up with their reviews. It's a kids movie and it seems parents are expecting to enjoy it more than their kids, and when they don't then they write bad reviews. If your kids are total \\"cars\\" fans then they should enjoy it just because it's a \\"cars\\" movie.
0525423273|5.0|I was afraid that Anna and the French Kiss couldn't possibly live up to the hype. But it does! It really does! This is a completely swoonworthy book. I knew the main character, Anna, a senior in high school is from Atlanta, and I had imagined that more of the book would take place in the South. That's not the case - her parents ship her off right away to a boarding school in Paris. I was prepared to immediately hate Anna for being a whiny brat about having such an awesome opportunity. Gee, wouldn't you love to have this girl's \\"problems?\\" Happily, Anna did not seem too bratty to me. Her father is a snobby famous author of badly-written, bestselling melodramatic romances.<br /><br />When Anna gets to Paris, she's not on vacation - so she doesn't spend a lot of time jetting around, seeing the sights. Mostly, she's trying to get settled in her new dorm, meet friends, and figure out enough French to handle the basics, like ordering food in the cafeteria. She meets Etienne St. Clair, a total dreamboat, but of course, he has a girlfriend, and half the school is crushing on him anyway, so she knows she doesn't stand a chance. They do end up becoming good friends though, and spend the year getting to know each other, developing various in-jokes and so on. I was about ¾ of the way through the book, and Anna hasn't even kissed anyone yet. I was beginning to get worried - maybe the titular kiss would be on the last page? Fortunately, St. Clair soon realizes that his relationship with his former girlfriend just isn't working out, and Anna 'fesses up and admits her sort-of boyfriend back home isn't in the picture either. After they become a couple, Anna helps St. Clair confront his father who has been cruelly keeping him away from his cancer-ridden mother. It sounds more melodramatic than it plays out, and while I don't think high school romances often work out, I could totally picture Anna and St. Clair moving to Berkeley together, getting married and living happily ever after. I hate to say that this is a \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" story, since I think that reference will be lost on a lot of younger people, but it is a really good comparison. They're really sweet together, completely right for each other and have a really solid foundation because they were platonic friends for so long before the rest of their relationship developed.o say that this is a \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" story, since I think that reference will be lost on a lot of younger people, but it is a really good comparison. They're really sweet together, completely right for each other and have a really solid foundation because they were platonic friends for so long before the rest of their relationship developed.
B004W4N55C|4.0|I like the app, but going full screen is kind of annoying because it prevents me from accessing the notification bar, battery indicator, time, ext.
B004A8ZWWO|5.0|Let's see here you got Ben Stiller, Matthew Broderick, Casey Affleck, Michael Pena, and Eddie Murphy in a heist movie where do I sign up?  This is a nice twist on the heist genre with a couple of bumbling idiots who wouldn't be able to steal a stick of bubble gum much less steal money getting all together to make a truly funny experience.  Plot:   Ben plays Josh Kovacks who is head of the tower where he works. He finds out the boss he used to have respect for Arthur Shaw (Alan Alda) is actually a crook who has stolen not only his money but all the employees money in the whole building. We're talking wages, life savings, what have you. Shaw is already under investigation by the Feds, so he has nothing to lose and could care less if he's brought a lot of suffering to people he swindled ala Bernie Madoff.  Josh vows to get revenge assembling all of the people with an axe to grind on Shaw and planning an elaborate heist. Trouble is no one has a freaking clue how to pull it off.  Josh enlists a crook named Slide (Eddie Murphy) to bring his expertise to lead the plan.  This movie is very funny. Obviously all of the big names here are all comedy veterans: Stiller is a joke a minute, Broderick has always been good in whatever role he's been given, Michael Pena is a good and up coming actor,but probably the biggest surprise here has to be Eddie Murphy.  Eddie is a comedy veteran to be sure, but he has been in a A LOT of bad, bad movies, so this was a nice change from all that. In fact I got a \\"Trading Places\\" vibe here when he gets recruited by Josh to be part of the team.  There are a lot of funny scenes in this movie that everybody will have a favorite one. I personally like the \\"mall scene\\" early in the movie when Slide enlists the guys to rob things from the mall to show if they really have it in them to steal something.  All in all this is definitely worth not just a viewing but multiple viewings at the theater.
B004D0YB4Y|5.0|One of the best album on the gender. I wonder where was Charles before this...  I recommend  Samuel Cester  Brasil
B004W4N55C|5.0|works flawlessly, great app, wish I had a bigger screen to fully utilize the tab, but that is not a dev issue
B004W4N55C|4.0|the sounds on metronome and tuner don't load unless i have music or something playing. besides that, great app. not worth 8 bucks though.
B004G600A4|5.0|This is by far the funniest movie that our family has enjoyed.  The way the hair in this movie is mastered, I couldn't believe it.  We have the 3D version, it was worth the money.  We've watched this movie probably over 75 times and still laugh all the way through the movie.  My kids and husband told me that the movie never had a dull moment.  For those who gave it a low rating; it might be helpful to watch the movie a dozen times because this movie tops all of Disney's old movies. You won't be sorry, it's worth every dime.
B0052WSX32|5.0|Doris Day was and is my all time favorite movie actress and singer. Her movies have brought tears, laughter and pure entertainment. As a little girl, I loved going to see her movies and I tried to sing like her. (I grew up in the 50s) MY HEART is a beautiful collection of songs, sung only as Doris Day can. The spoken tribute introduction to \\"Happy Endings,\\" written by her son Terry, was  warm and touching.  I wish she would agree to make personal appearances, as her perky personality is clearly missed. As another reviewer mentioned, the tone, diction and quality of her voice is still vibrant, strong, warm, There is no other Doris Day. If you have liked any of her music, you will love this CD. Buy it! Miss Day, if you happen to read this review, YOU ARE LOVED AND APPRECIATED!
B004W4N55C|5.0|This app was free a long time ago on the market but then it became a paid app... :-\ So I was browsing tabs with my browser till today. I DL it and did a quick search of all B. Mars tabs and presto a list of his songs and then rated tabs for each song. Absolutely so easy to use. Now if I hear a song on the radio I like, this app will be my first stop.
B004VQFQ2Q|3.0|Black Sabbath needed a frontman when Ronnie James Dio left to form his own band, and the curious choice was Ian Gillan of Deep Purple. Ian Gillan in Black Sabbath? A leather-wearing group with the anti-leather Gillan? The jokes certainly followed, such as the group suddenly becoming 'Deep Sabbath.' Whatever the case, the new guy was in, and the album Born Again was, well, born. This album has the Sabbath sound for the most part, but is canceled out by the oh so familiar vocals of Gillan, to where the uninformed may think that they're listening to a Deep Purple album. The hiring of Gillan made for a pretty tough transition, but I can see why Iommi and company chose him---they wanted powerful and higher-pitched vocals to suit their heavy metal sound, not to mention Gillan's great range. Now the music. This album is mediocre, but nevertheless has a few very good songs, such as ZERO THE HERO and BORN AGAIN. The latter is easily the best track, which has nice changes and unusual guitars, and not to mention great vocals. The rest of the album is filled with somewhat inferior offerings such as DISTURBING THE PRIEST and DIGITAL BITCH. Overall, I recommend this CD for purchase because the title track alone is worth the price. Get this CD and enjoy a few great songs, and perhaps more?
B0058EBNAO|3.0|Only one other app comes close, but its different &quot;Animated Weather&quot;. Developer is usually quick to respond and fix. 2 severe issues. 1st- Current app on Amazon (3.5-6.x) has gingerbread issues. Yes I know there is 3.7.x, thats issue #2. 2nd- Amazon seems to not &quot;push or rollout&quot; updates as fast as &quot;Market&quot;. I asked developer why this is, considering &quot;I paid $5&quot; for it, been a week and no answer. It really is worth $5, or $3 on sale. Just be aware of your &quot;os version&quot; and app version.  Currently running on Sony X10, Gingerbread 2.3.5.
B005NJ2K6U|1.0|First run completely locked-up my phone.  Had to pull the battery just to get my phone working again.  No second chances given on lock-ups.  Uninstalling.
B004X80QNG|3.0|I loved this app on the iphone and the blackberry but its subpar on the Android platform. The alarms do not work for me. The only way the alarm will go off is if i open the app which is useless because if i dont open it in a couple of days i will miss all my appts. Needto fix this bug.
0767903374|5.0|I haven't made it through the workbook in its entirety, but what I have done has been amazing in giving me insight into my life and how certain things have affected me throughout. helping me overcome the negative thoughts concerning this aspect of my personality.  I was blessed to have a co-worker see this in me, guiding me to this book.  She is an HSP as well, and she was truly someone who helped me understand this part of myself I always thought was something to be ashamed of.  Beth (my co-worker) is actually the woman I dedicated this workbook to.
B000PFUAO6|5.0|Their last 2 releases were great albums but Systematic Chaos is their best since Six Degrees. It's heavier than Ocatavarium but still more progressive and their most progressive since Scenes from a Memory. Dark Eternal Night and Constant Motion are some of their heaviest songs to date but it has a couple slower ballads like Ministry of Lost Souls and Repentance. It's very diverse and has a better variety than their last album. It sounds a lot like their latest stuff but it also has some of their older sounds from the mid-late '90s. Several songs don't sound like anything they did in the past, it still has an original sound and it's their best since Six Degrees. Dream Theater are back.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I love this app!  Most of the songs I have checked out have not only guitar tabs but also just lyrics and chords which is perfect for me as a pianist.  Awesome app!  Thanks!
B004W4N55C|5.0|Had a problem with metronome on first install on galaxy s (inconsistent beat). Uninstalled, re-installed after restart of phone and PERFECT. THANKYOU.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of The Moon is one of my favorite albums and arguably one of the best albums of all time if you like it or not. Most people enjoy DSOTM to this day except for a minority of people. It's popular because it wasn't an everyday band and they put a lot of effort into it and experimented with different sounds. Songs have a lot of synthesizer in them and are experimental, it made them sound more unique. Probably the most popular progressive rock album of all time. It has some popular hits like \\"Time\\" and \\"Money\\", you'll probably recognize them and have heard them on the radio before. You need to own DSOTM if you even like music in general. It influenced several generations of music and will be around and recognized forever. It's never going to be forgotten like a lot of popular bands and music genres around today.
B005LRWRZ8|1.0|Rock, wimpy, repetitive, out for Radio play; this is the opposite of what Dave has been promising for 3 years.  The last 2 albums come much closer to original thrash.  This is commercial, at best.  There are no intricacies, no imagination, no complex parts, no twists or turns, no tempo changes, barely a real double bass drumming part.
6305428042|5.0|I loved this movie the first time it came out. Honestly the cast was great and Beth Midler was at her best the role was made for her as well as Kathy Nimjay and Sarah Jessica Parker. It is a lot of fun and a great story. We watch it all the time and especially at Halloween.
B0055V6EZE|3.0|I think this CD is fun, snarky and delightful.  Not a major musical genius, but who cares...it's Hugh Laurie changing it up.  I loved his explanation on the opening pages of the CD insert.....he isn't pretending to be great - just having fun, because he can.    Enjoy this delightfully different sound, brining back some old blues......it sounds SO like \\"House\\".......  SunshineOACD
B0053Q9DQI|5.0|I love the Jane Austin movies and this one was different for the other Jane Eyre movies out. Jane Eyre told it from an experience that had happened to her and then it came back into the present. Edward stayed at Thornfield after meeting Jane and worked his home. It showed he had a really down to earth side as he worked a long side his employees. I believe it was very well done.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|Can´t belive how good this album is nothing more to say really. if you like Endgame you will also like thirteen.Dave Mustaine is the king of riffs.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|It really shows how a country and team can come together and change the views of both the Whites British and the native black population of south Africa. It does have language so you do not want to watch it with young kids around.
B003L77GH4|5.0|This is the video my daughter wanted. She likes the show and enjoys watching them over and over. She has several complete sets of shows and enjoys them all.
B0024F13NC|4.0|The first album to be taken seriously by the critics, as I recall, and it still sounds great 20+ years on.<br />Only downside are the live tracks - Vince Neil, bless him, is not the world's greatest singer, and if these tracks are anything to go by his memory for lyrics is heading south as well.<br />Still, a small issue when you consider the quality of such tracks as Dr Feelgood itself, Kickstart My Heart etc.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Very convenient application! Built in tuner works well, and stuff and things! Also things and such as well as stuff.
006112429X|4.0|It kept me engrossed and that is what I liked about the book. Eva was almost as unlikable as Kevin. I did think the ending was sort of a cop-out by the author. I mean, Kevin should have really just given her the \\"gift\\" and she would have gone home and been totally ruined emotionally forever. Then we would have seen that Kevin was just bad, a totally un-redeemable sociopath. Like the ending of Edward Norton's character in Primal Fear.  This would have garnered a five star rating.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Wonderful fun.even my five year old enjoys playing. I'm pretty sure, though, that one of those levels is impossible to get three stars on.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|...and like all art, it does not tell you what to think or dictate how you should feel. Art leaves the interpretation for the viewer to discover. Some pieces of art speak clearly to people that it resonates with and yet that same art can seem like a waste of time to others. Personally, for me, this movie is one of the most impactul to come along in a long time. It is beautifully grounded in the questions of Job concerning sufferings, God and beauty. It vividly shows the balance of nature and Grace; what we consider to be the masculine and the feminine sides of God and His creation. It also shows the older son's anger towards his father and how that leads to both rebellion and at the same time, his need for forgiveness, borrowing much from the writings of Paul. I identified, as well, with the mostly joyful, simple human family story.   Having said all of that, this is not a normal movie. It does not follow the normal patterns or rhythms of a typical film. If you sit down to watch this with the expectation that you are about to watch a linear story or to be entertained, you may be very disappointed. You have to think with this one and yet, let yourself go as you would with any observance of art. It's rare and beautiful film but one that understandably will not not be embraced by much of the masses.
B005QYKE2Y|4.0|Wow. That was. Busy.  If you think all Transformers movies look alike, then this is the one to watch.  Packed with more action than my tiny brain could absorb.  They could have done away with some of the Star Trek references.  Leonard Nimoy's voice stood alone.
B004W4N55C|3.0|this is a perfect app for a tablet but this app is not ready for that.  also FC on transposing.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Gigging musicians should grab this app while it's free today! Even if you don't play guitar, it's worth getting for the TUNER tool. A full chromatic tuner on your android device!! Thanks amazon and FAOTD!!!
B004W4N55C|2.0|I uninstalled reinstalled bad. well that was a waste of update. Locks up right away every time.  Used to work halfway ok. Xoom running ICS os.
1439152780|3.0|Did not enjoy this book as much as her other books but will still be one of her readers !!
B0053VKP8S|5.0|My older Sony Grand WEGA KF-50WE610 does not have HDMI connectors but does have a DVI-D connector with analog audio jacks.  While originally designed for a \\"Digital TV Set-top box's HDTV connector\\" and noting that the manual states several times that the connector \\"is not intended for use with personal computers,\\"  past experience told me it should be digitally compatible.    Using [[ASIN:B001TH7T2U AmazonBasics HDMI to DVI  Adapter Cable (9.8 Feet/3.0 Meters)]] for the video connection and the [[ASIN:B0053VKP8S FiiO D3 Digital to Analog Audio Converter - 192kHz/24bit Optical and Coaxial DAC]] for analog audio provided the cleanest setup.  I did have to manually change the video settings on the ATV2 to 720P because leaving it on automatic resulted in a slight overscan.
B004W4N55C|5.0|Wow! Top app on my phone now. Well worth the money! Even found some good tabs on some of my favorite Spanish acoustic sounds
B004W4N55C|2.0|If hadn't got this on a freebie day it would have been a waste of money. Not a good list of chords and it is not a pleasent way to read chords. The metronome is the only worthwhile feature here. oh well, for me of was free!!
B004FGMDOQ|1.0|I picked this book to read because it seemed to have an orginal plot line which I have found very hard to come by now a days. The book starts off with great potential- setting up for a good read. But I found that as the story goes on, it becomes slightly predictable and very much full of  teenage angst. I never really found a good climax. No suspenseful moments. It was just- moment There, moment barely explained in a very minimal way, moment done. if this book was written with the intention to be a set up book as in for a series, then it was okay. If it wasn't then I feel like the book leaves much to be desired. The characters other than Jacob were not fully explained. They re described but not explained. The ending really bothered me as it wasn't really an ending. No conclusion, just ends. As if the author got tired of writing. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this book.
B004W4N55C|2.0|A lot of songs won't load.  Seems to happen with any chords section song chose.  Just get an error saying cannot connect to server.  I got the app for free but I would be pissed if I payed the 7.99 asking price.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This collection was awesome.  The sound and picture quality are just like sitting in the theatre; truly phenominal!  My son and I have watched them a couple times and still enjoy them.
1935251740|3.0|I read \\"Biocentrism\\" after several years of self directed reading of books and articles on consciousness.  I have explored current and past philosophical theories, modern cognitive science research, the influence of quantum theory on the issue, as well as Buddhist interpretations. In short, I've been thinking a lot about thought but I am in good company -- this question has intrigued mankind from the Ancient Greeks and earliest Buddhists through Descartes, Kant, Heidegger, Sartre, Merleau-Ponty, Chalmers, Dennett, Serle and so on.  Lanza is of course a brilliant scientist in the field of cloning and a gifted writer.  However, I thought his premise, despite boldly calling itself \\"a theory of everything,\\" did not provide satisfying answers to the very questions he boldly asserted that he was resolving while contemptuously dismissing physics for failing to answer.  Consciousness creates the universe yet one completes his book without an answer to the \\"hard question,\\" what is consciousness?  It was an entertaining and stimulating read but I do not feel that my quest to understand consciousness and the issues of epistemology and ontology intertwined in that pursuit, has reached the promised land that Lanza clearly intends that his work provide.  Should have been tipped off by the prominent display of a Deepak Chopra quote on the cover.  As an alternative, you may want to read \\"Embodied Mind\\" by Varela, Thompson and Rosch. It is a much more difficult read but attempts the hard work of trying to answer the \\"hard\\" question.  The book ultimately resolves into a tome on Buddhist meditation.  That may put some readers off but frankly I was ready to meditate more and intensely pursue unanswerable questions of existence less.  And I've become much more pleasant to everybody in the process.
0439023521|5.0|I just got this book about a week ago and decided to start reading the series last night. OMGeeee, I could not put this book down. I literally read until my eyes were burning from lack of sleep and exhaustion before I stopped (5 pages to the end). It is riveting, engaging, heartfelt and overall just a great damn book to read. If u haven't read it already...what are you waiting for?
B004W4N55C|5.0|Got to admit this is one awesome app. One of the better free app of the day. Wish they gave more awesome apps! This one by far odd the best since sound hound.
B0053YGYO4|3.0|I love Coldplay from Parachutes on, but unfortunately this album (as hard as I have tried) is just not working for me.  I am not sure if it is the bad mixing as other reviewers have pointed out or the songwriting has gone into an area I am just not excited about!  To me it seems like they are going for a huge upbeat stadium pop/rock album.  Unfortunately, I am not a big fan of most popular music/artists and I am not saying that being pretentious or my tastes are better than yours, just giving you some perspective of what I enjoy.  I own and enjoy maybe 5 albums in the Billboard top 60 right now.  If I were to compare this ablume to past efforts, it would have to be most similar to the 1st half of Viva/Prospekts, which makes sense given it is their last album with the same producer.  Regardless, Coldplay is an excellent band, but I am just not a fan of what they are doing here.  It is easy to say I want them to release another Parachutes or Rush of Blood, but I understand they want to experiement with sounds and grow as artists.  Unfortunately, I am looking forward them to going in a different direction.  Despite that fact, I will keep spinning it and hoping I hear something new that perks the ear, but right now this album doesn't have anything that excites me.  **I will tell you what I am excited about, the fact that \\"Parachutes\\" is back in the Billboard 200 and I can't wait for my vinyl copy.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I havn't even used this program yet, but I wanted to help balance the one star review from all the idiots...especially the first two reviews...yes, the Free App of the Day is free, but it takes until about 3:30am eastern time for that change to happen...it's always been that way...and to the person who said Guitar Hero was better, and couldn't figure out how to play the songs...please do the world a favor and just kill yourself...
B004WJRFYE|5.0|I bought the Vinyl edition of this album from Amazon and couldn't be happier.  Sounds awesome and loved the packaging.  I never had the original, so I can't compare the quality, but I would absolutely buy this version again and again.  The music speaks for itself.
B003TZ9EGO|5.0|I just love Lady Gaga's remix album. I love all of the songs on this album!  1) Just Dance (Richard Vission Remix) 10/10  2) Poker Face (LLG vs GIG Radio Mix Remix) 9/10  3) LoveGame (Chew Fu Ghettohouse Fix) feat. Marilyn Manson 10/10  4) Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say  Frankmuzik Remix) 10/10  5) Paparazzi (Stuart Price Remix) 10/10  6) The Fame (Glam as You Remix) 9/10  7) Bad Romance (Starsmith Remix) 10/10  8) Telephone (Passion Pit Remix) feat. Beyonce 10/10  9) Alejandro (Sound of Arrows Remix) 10/10  10) Dance in the Dark (Monarchy \\"Stylites\\" Remix) 10/10  I enjoyed Lady Gaga's first remix album so much. I love it.
0439023483|4.0|Hunger Games is the first in a series of three books. I would plan on getting all three. The story is so compelling that you will want to read the next two in the series.<br /><br />The story shared by Suzanne Collins is engaging, yet disturbing. The concept of a survival game show goes to the extreme in this future North America. As part of punishment for a failed uprising against the government all of the districts place their children in a lottery. Each year a boy and girl from each district are then placed in a massive arena to fight to the death on national television. This is a truly disturbing thing. The story follows Katniss and is told completely from her perspective. She volunteers to go into the Hunger Games when her sister 'wins' (loses really) the lottery.<br /><br />This is also a love story between Katniss and the boy she is friends with at home and the young man who has been in love with her for years that is also forced into the Hunger Games.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins weaves a world that is truly disturbing, yet she pulls you into this world in a way that is masterful. You won't want to put the book down. And when this book is finished you will be on your way to get the next in the series.
B004N62KTG|5.0|I love Lady Gaga's Born This Way Limited edition single EP. The remixes are awesome!   1) Born This Way 10/10  2) Born This Way (LA Riots Remix) 10/10  3) Born This Way (Chew Fu Born to Fix Remix) 10/10  4) Born This Way (DJ White Shadow Remix) 10/10  Well... I enjoyed the remixes of Born This Way so much. :)
B004TI5N38|5.0|Warrant Officer Jack Puller is assigned a new case involving the death of an Army Colonel and his entire family, ok, not just a death, they are slaughtered in his wife's parents home and it appears that they are interrogated before they die.  Puller is sent to West Virginia to investigate the murders.  He is the only one sent, they eschew sending an entire team (which would be normal procedure) because this case is 'unusual.'  What does his SAC mean by 'unusual?'<br /><br />Puller meets Samantha Cole the local Sargent with the Drake Sheriff's department.  She is the detective assigned the case from the local police.  The two of them form a partnership to try and solve this crime.  Now the hard work begins, not to mention the danger.<br /><br />Being in Rural West Virginia this crime scene has some problems.  First of all there isn't a good forensic team to handle the crime scene, it's just one young officer.  Second, they don't have a good county morgue where the bodies can go and be autopsied.  So, they leave the bodies in the house overnight until they can get a doctor from another county to come and take them.  First problem, the officer left to guard the scene overnight is also killed, he is left hanging in the basement.  Now we have an additional question, why would the murderer return and kill the officer guarding the crime scene?  What did he forget?<br /><br />Then to complicate things the next day they discover that a couple living across the street has also been murdered.  And on top of that they appear to have a small Meth Lab in in their basement.  Are the murders connected?<br /><br />Oh, and did I mention that the Colonel that was killed happened to work on top secret material for the Defense Intelligence Agency?<br /><br />Next, Puller is almost blown up two times by bombs that are strategically placed to try and eliminate him.  And still his superiors will send no additional help.  Why?<br /><br />The story has many twists and turns.  Just when you think you might have a handle on what is happening it goes a new direction.  The killing has not stopped either.  So, what is going on in this sleepy little town of 6,000 people?  What is so important that seven people have been brutally murdered?  Who would have a motive?<br /><br />Now enter the Department of Homeland Security as an interested party to the investigation, because they have picked up chatter (in Dari, an Afghani language) that there will be a terrorist event in the area surrounding Drake.  They approach Puller and want his cooperation and regular reports.  But suspiciously they also don't want to send any agents to the area to investigate.  They are nervous that their presence will spook the terrorist.<br /><br />So Puller and Cole are the only team that seems to be able to handle this.  What they do will surprise you.  How it ends is suspenseful.  But also some good people as well as bad people will have to die before it is all over.<br /><br />This was a great read.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />Enjoy!a new direction.  The killing has not stopped either.  So, what is going on in this sleepy little town of 6,000 people?  What is so important that seven people have been brutally murdered?  Who would have a motive?  Now enter the Department of Homeland Security as an interested party to the investigation, because they have picked up chatter (in Dari, an Afghani language) that there will be a terrorist event in the area surrounding Drake.  They approach Puller and want his cooperation and regular reports.  But suspiciously they also don't want to send any agents to the area to investigate.  They are nervous that their presence will spook the terrorist.  So Puller and Cole are the only team that seems to be able to handle this.  What they do will surprise you.  How it ends is suspenseful.  But also some good people as well as bad people will have to die before it is all over.  This was a great read.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  Enjoy!
B00006J3WH|4.0|I bought this for my wife who is a huge buffy fan and actually I think it is great too. When listening to the cd I can remember the episode and that makes me laugh.
0788805843|2.0|when I watched this movie, I was a little disappointed.  First because this is not the true story of Hercules.  He was NOT the son of Hera.  In fact, in real mythology, Hera HATES Hercules.  He was never turned into a mortal, nothing!   Hades NEVER tried to take over Zeus' place on Olympus, really, Apollo and Poseidon have tried but failed.  Just because someone is the lord of the dead, doesn't mean they're all bad...
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Bought and used this when I had to replace my motherboard recently.  Arctic Silver 5 works great, simple and was easy to apply. My computer is running very well and CPU does not heat up. Definitely one of the better thermal compounds in the market.
B001C1066E|5.0|I bought this because it looked like exactly from naruto and when I got it I was super happy! I love Naruto and having his coin wallet makes me very happy! I also liked that it came in perfect condition.
0385344325|5.0|Another action packed novel, with a young Jack Reacher solving the crime (actually crimes as there are several bodies). Includes several flash back and forward events that will be of interest to long term fans, but may mean little to new readers. Again, a creative story line.
B005L38QHA|4.0|This is a nice mouse smooth fits well in palm of your hands and has niffty keybinding abilities. My son, husband and I all play WOW- and we really liked this mouse, it looks sleek is smooth moving we all have different size hands and no complaints from any of us on that front. The design I suppose is depicting Deahtwings lava destroying cracking the earth it also has has some niffty writing and a light/lighting that illuminates...its a bit pricey so I hope it holds up for a long time the quality and Steelseries rep tells me it most likely will. It is definetly an upgrade from our old fav Logtech MX518 that we have used for years! For those who love the ability to keybind keys to your mice this mouse has just the right amount of keys, the keys are big enough that you won't have a problems like others that have small keys. There are other gaming mice out there for a bit less in price but their quality probably will not hold up to this mouse.  Very Nice...
B001J4E1D8|5.0|My son is 17 and had a book test on Tess.  We bought this movie to watch before the test.  The whole family ended up watching it.  Very compelling but depressing.  I would highly recommend.
B000L212HC|5.0|There's a lot that can be said about the movie, but I'll leave that to most critics who absolutely loved this masterpiece crafted by the hands of one of the best directors of our time, Christopher Nolan. The Blu-Ray version is crisp, has great sound, and is pretty much the definitive version to own. What are you waiting for... A prestige? Thumbs up.
0553296981|5.0|What an outstanding book!  I am so glad that Anne shared her thoughts in this well-written, remarkably written, form. It took me many years to finally stop and read her accounts of life amid war. I wish I had read it sooner, and many, many times.
B005PMN83Y|5.0|This album is much less generic melodeath than their past albums, and that can be good or bad.  The songs on this album change from pure melody to old school melodeath.   For example, \\"Decoherence,\\" a slower instrumental piece with a orchestral melody in the background sounds like something a contemporary post rock band would come out with. The opening song, \\"Inertia,\\" has definite similarities to bands like Explosions in the Sky or Pelican.    On the flip side, songs like \\"Through the Shadows,\\" and \\"Song of the Blackest Bird,\\" are some of the best pure melodeath I've heard in a long time.  The guitar riffs, the grooving rhythm; it's just perfect.  The vocals are some of the best I've heard from Insomnium since \\"In the Halls of Awaiting.\\"  There is a good mix of death growls and clean singing that just works well with the music.    Insomnium doesn't fail to disappoint.  If you like any of Insomnium's older albums, pick this up.
0142419400|5.0|Love Love Love this author.  I think if she were to go into adult chic lit, she would be a best seller in no time!!  great characters, great scenery - felt like I knew the place, fun writing.  Easy read and very very enjoyable!!
B000O8OTNC|1.0|I saw the overwhelming number of positive reviews for this product and bought it outright.  A fool I was.  This sharpener gives an extremely shallow edge, and not a very sharp one at that. It is absolutely worthless for pocket knives - do NOT use this on anything other than large, thick cutting tools (axes, machetes, etc)! Don't make the mistake I did and immediately set upon sharpening my favorite pocket knife, only to find that the knife was now actually more dull and the edge was now set at an extremely shallow angle.  Do yourself a favor and get a whetstone.
B005V4FJC4|4.0|So I'll be honest, I usually despise Christmas Music and anyone who usually gets forced to listen to it year in and year out will tell you the same.  But it isn't horrible and it would be something that I would love listening to. It reminds me of what Christmas is supposed to be than what Christmas has become in my eyes. I'll def purchase this soon.
B0036S4C6G|1.0|In the last chapter, someone is paid to hype a concert by a long-forgotten and now-derelict guitarist through the use of \\"parroting.\\"  The hype alone makes everyone want to come to the concert, and once there, to have fun despite the quality of the concert.  Sound familiar?  Yep - it's what happened with Egan and this book.  The very tactic that made this book so popular is right there in the last chapter! I'd consider reluctantly praising that diabolical cleverness if I weren't so PO'ed at having spent money on this book.  Joke's on me!
0982743726|4.0|Read this book in two days because I couldn't put it down.  Starts off at a frantic pace and doesn't let up.
B005F6NA56|4.0|This is my third Feist CD and it is almost as good as the previous productions. Faint paise as her previous work is just excellent. Worth the price. Jim
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This game will sick you in for hours on end... If you start playing don't expect to stop anytime soon!
B000V9CSIM|4.0|I enjoy much of Ryan Adams' work and this is probably my favorite of his solo discs (if not necessarily his best), but please stop comparing the young man to Dylan. One is among the greatest songwriters in history and an innovator who for a brief time created music that took rock a quantum leap forward. The other is Ryan Adams. At best, Adams is one of the most talented artists to mine the country-rock style defined by Gram Parsons nearly 30 years before Adams gained fame in the band Whiskeytown--which was not even the first nor the best of the alt-country bands of the 1990s. If you haven't heard the music that inspired Whiskeytown contemporaries like Uncle Tupelo and the Jayhawks, go back to the work of The Byrds' Sweetheart of the Rodeo, or the first two Flying Burrito Brothers albums (all led by Parsons), or dozens of artists from the '70s and '80s from Joe Ely to Rank and File and Dwight Yoakum. And consider that without the work Dylan did between 1965 and 1968, the music of Parsons and the countless artists who followed him would never have been possible.  Gold is a very good album as other reviewers note, highly recommended to anyone who likes any of the artists I mention. But it is not Blonde on Blonde. Enough!
0385341679|5.0|Shadowfever was great! The twists and turns were unexpected! This ending was engaging, entertaining witty,and passionate. Mac finally finds out who killed her sister but it isn't entirely a black and white. She wants to find the book to help those she loves but with quite a few prophecies over her head saying that she might destroy the world that makes her fearful of trying.
B005ZCXFD2|1.0|Well, that was a waste of 90 minutes. Space aliens that are no smarter than bears somehow decide to invade a bad neighborhood of London. They are fended off by a gang of detestable gang bangers. Nearly all of the characters are irredeemably stupid and completely lacking anything that would make them sympathetic. The aliens are stupid and inexplicable. The plot is pointless. Such a waste of film.
0316017930|4.0|I am impressed by Mr.Gladwell's ability to break down what appears to be a simple concept into different equally important layers that I never would have considered. The research is impeccable, and the conclusions make practical, realistic sense. If you are someone who associates and/or works with people of varied socioeconomic backgrounds, the evidence of Mr.Gladwell's conclusions are obvious.
B004W4N55C|5.0|tuner is ok. I love that I can just look up what I want to play right on my phone. pretty handy app for a beginner.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|As far as themes go, this movie has it all: jealousy, love, fear and courage, duty and responsibility, revenge, and even murder. When this movie came out, many questioned whether a certain moment in the movie was too dark for young audiences, but it still went on to become one of Disney's most successful movies ever. After all, \\"The Lion King\\" is ultimately an adaptation of Shakespeare's \\"Hamlet\\", but set in the animal kingdom...and few writers can run the gamut of human experience in one story as Shakespeare could. Throw in some incredible music composed by Elton John, and you have yourself the all-time-best Disney movie ever.
B004W4N55C|3.0|The app is great but the tuner's GUI components are misaligned on the evo 3d.  Otherwise it is a good app.
030726999X|5.0|A wonderful finish to this incredible 3 volume novel. He still manages to surprise you, right up to the end - the mark of a successful whodunit for me. The characters are well drawn, and feel like old friends - not always 100% believable at this stage, but if you've gotten this far you really don't care any more. This is one of those reading experiences that leave you feeling a little lost when it's all over. I was feeling very much at home in Stieg Larsson's Stockholm and I miss it.
B0036S4C6G|2.0|This is not a book to read on the Kindle. The book is more a collection of loosely connected short stories, and I found that I wanted to flip through the chapters to remember where the character was originally referenced. I suppose as I get more comfortable with the search feature, this would have been easier to do, but I really missed being able just to flip pages. The final chapter is in the form of a PowerPoint presentation, and the grayscale of the Kindle made it hard to read. I also had to zoom in on each page, since you couldn't change the font size in the embedded graphic.   I thought the story was ok; the book seemed very modern and the characters shallow. Somehow Nick Hornby's books on the music industry are more meaningful to me than this.
0307460444|5.0|Cupcakes are always delicious. But somehow, cupcakes from the kitchen of Martha Stewart are unusually delicious! Many of these recipes offer decorating tips that'll set your cupcakes above the usual bake-sale offerings, but all of them rely on simple, tried-and-true cake batters that yield the best results. In true Martha style, not only does she give you great recipes to make, but also creative ways to package and present your creations. There's a whole section in the back called Displaying and Giving. There are a lot of cute ideas such as using photos to top your cupcakes, or using them as place settings at a dinner party. I absolutely love the idea of using the Chinese Food Take-Out box as a to-go container for cupcakes. Just stick a small cardstock insert with a hole in it down in the bottom. Sit the cupcake in the hole, and now it won't fall over and wreck the icing! It's definitely one that I would recommend owning if you're a baker, and definitely if you're a cupcake lover! With its multitude of beautiful pictures, it makes a great gift as well!
B001AII4RM|5.0|I too, am giving Beowulf 5 Stars because of all the one star reviews.<br /><br />I liked Beowulf so much, I brought three different friends with me to see it in 3D in big screens theatres, including IMAX a couple of times. I loved it every time, and so did my friends.<br /><br />I don't care that this movie was different from the original story.  Being written in ancient English, it's impossible for most people to understand it at all.  It's like another language. But I do think the script was fantastic. I think they mostly honored the original story.  I especially liked that Grendel spoke his lines to his Mother in Ancient English, probably exact quotes from the original book.<br /><br />I also appreciated the direction.  From the very first scene, the suspense begins.  The drama is solid.  The adventure feels real. '<br /><br />If 3D is required to enjoy this CGI film, then I hope it is available in 3D soon.  I just bought my first HDTV and chose a 3D TV because the technology is supposedly ready, but after bringing it home and looking for good 3D movies, I can't hardly find any.  Just a few on Amazon, and really nothing good on Netflix yet.  Oh well, hopefully soon.<br /><br />So I am not saying you will love Beowulf on a regular TV.  If you never saw it in 3D, I hope you are able to try it in 3D some day.  It was good 3D with a lot of depth and clarity.
0316069884|5.0|It has been a while since I have read a book that does such a good job of presenting current information on the state of the animal food industries. I appreciate the author's inclusion of perspectives from the other side, the folks who are actually raising the animals. He also presents a lot of information on how, even in supposedly better \\"free-range\\" type circumstances, there are still concerns to be addressed. Foer's writing style and skill keep this an interesting read all the way through.
142312166X|5.0|My twelve-year-old daughter loved it, but she didn't think it sounded much like Rick Riordan. Although since she is waiting for the new Rick Riordan book to come out, this was a great way to tide her over. She recommends it highly.
0316010669|4.0|Advanced insight into human nature drives this book. Did you realize that the first six seconds of a personal encounter 'the handshake and greeting' are 80% predictive of the outcome of the encounter? In 'Blink', Malcolm Gladwell will help you understand what happens during that first six seconds. Whether you are socially struggling or a master networker, you should check this out. Absolutely in keeping with his #1 best seller, 'The Tipping Point', now becoming a classic in personal development,behavior and business cannons.
0307595862|4.0|I sort of figured it out almost right away who did it, but it was still suspenseful and very well worth the read. I especially recommend it when you're alone and huddled up in your house during a snowstorm.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|This is some really good stuff. Joe is there, yet in a secondary role. Beth Hart's vocals and lyrics are sharp, crisp, and right to the bone.  Great piece of work!!!!
B000002IZ4|5.0|The first thing I'll do is point out the only flaw of this album: Meatplow. I know alot of people love this song and it's not a bad song per say, but it sounds like a B-Side from \\"Core\\" with rawer production and doesn't level up to the quality of the rest of the songs on this album.<br /><br />That being said, this album shows the band stepping out of the box more and it pays off greatly. Their ballads sound sweeter, they incorporate experimentation, and Scott Weiland begins to use his vocal range more and hit higher notes. It doesn't serve a purpose to review each song because all of them (with the exception of \\"Meatplow\\" personally), were a step in the right direction. The production and mixing is less overwhelming as well which was a huge help in letting the songs breathe and let the life that was in them get a chance to come out and become more vibrant.<br /><br />My personal favorites off this album are: Still Remains, Vasoline, Big Empty, Pretty Penny, and Unglued.<br /><br />In summary, you can't go wrong if you get this album from such an underrated band. They never got the respect they deserved but they left the music behind as proof that they deserved it.
B0027DK206|1.0|This worked great for the first 2 or 3 shots (film comes in packs of 10), then jammed up. Had to then change to a new pack of film (which exposes and ruins the other 7-8). Happened with all 4 packs I tried - at roughly $10 per pack of film, the cost and frustration just wasn't worth it, so I returned it.
B000021XR5|4.0|At the time of this album's creation, the band had suffered backlash from \\"Tiny Music\\" and Scott Weiland was battling a bad drug problem. The odds were against STP when they made these songs but they still managed to put out a great album. The sound on this album is what I would describe a mix of their first 2 albums and \\"Tiny Music\\". Even when they went back to their heavy beginnings, they still couldn't shake the evident evolution they'd experienced after making their last album. Here's a song by song review:<br /><br />1. Down: 5/5 Heavy riffs start off the album but Scott Weiland isn't growling or singing with a raspy voice; STP's new sound combined with the old is truly mixed here and the result is a great hard rock song.<br /><br />2. Heaven and Hot Rods: 3/5 Scott tries to go back to his old vocal style here but it feels stale and lifeless, like he's trying to prove to the fans of \\"Core\\" he's still the same guy.<br /><br />3. Pruno: 4/5 The verses are catchy but the chorus sounds kind of forced; Scott's vocals are in top form for most of this song though.<br /><br />4. Church on Tuesday: 5/5 Sounds like a mix of \\"Purple\\" with the new sound and it works like a charm.<br /><br />5. Sour Girl: 5/5  I haven't heard anything like this from STP before this album; it's a beautiful yet depressing ballad. Scott's voice is amazing on this song.<br /><br />6. No Way Out: 5/5  Another attempt to sound like the \\"Core\\" days however it sounds a lot better because Scott uses vocal intensity instead of growling; you can feel pain in this song when you hear Scott sing, at least I can.<br /><br />7. Sex and Violence: 5/5 It's a really catchy song; the lyrics are kind of cliche but the music and melody overpower that.<br /><br />8. Glide: 5/5 This song is unique in the sense that it isn't trying to please old fans, it sounds like the next step from \\"Tiny Music\\". Scott even uses beautiful falsetto in this song.<br /><br />9. I Got You: 5/5 My personal favorite on the album, this song is a folk ballad about Scott's battle with heroin and you can feel the emotion in it. It doesn't need distorted guitars to be heavy when you hear the lyrics and the tone he sings them in.<br /><br />10. MC5: 3/5 MC5 was a cool band but this is a mediocre song. Sounds like a throwaway from the \\"Core\\" sessions.<br /><br />11. Atlanta: 5/5 This is a very appropriate way to end the album. A melancholy ballad that ranks among the best ballads STP have done. When I first heard it, it reminded me of something Jim Morrison might have done.<br /><br />This album is not perfect, but there is more than enough reason to buy it. This is the first album that STP lets you in on a personal level and you can actually feel what Scott Weiland is feeling. Plus it has some of their best songs on it. I'm glad this wasn't the end of them after this one.<br /><br />I definitely recommend buy.It doesn't need distorted guitars to be heavy when you hear the lyrics and the tone he sings them in.  10. MC5: 3/5 MC5 was a cool band but this is a mediocre song. Sounds like a throwaway from the \\"Core\\" sessions.  11. Atlanta: 5/5 This is a very appropriate way to end the album. A melancholy ballad that ranks among the best ballads STP have done. When I first heard it, it reminded me of something Jim Morrison might have done.  This album is not perfect, but there is more than enough reason to buy it. This is the first album that STP lets you in on a personal level and you can actually feel what Scott Weiland is feeling. Plus it has some of their best songs on it. I'm glad this wasn't the end of them after this one.  I definitely recommend buy.
B003DZX3SA|4.0|Kids love it.  They watch it all day long, even when it's nice and sunny outside. Can't get them away from the TV. It's great.
0385738773|5.0|I love this whole series, but this last book really did a awesome job of finishing it off! It amazes me how many little details in it eventually come together and make sense! The ending left me a tiny bit unsatisfied but it works for how the series is. Overall, I'm definitely saving it in my \\"read again someday\\" list and you HAVE to read the whole series cuz it's awesome!!!!!!!!  ;)
B002JCSWVG|5.0|This is a great and inspiring movie, when ever you need some motivation, I highly recommend you watch this two thumbs up!!!
0711978018|2.0|I was fascinated by some video performances so I wanted to find out more about Mercury.  Read some good reviews of this book about it not being sensationalistic & a hack job.  Unfortunately for me it didn't give me the kind of info that I was looking for.  Definitely a book for someone who has more of a background in Mercury's history.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|This film bears the hallmarks of Malick's work with wide-panning shots of open landscapes, low level scenes set amidst natural life like grass fields, evocative silences and atmospheric tensions between people in their dance of body language.  This film specifically is an emotionally evocative elegy to despair, regret and love lost.  More particularly affecting for me were the panning shots of galaxies, starscapes, holographic light forms and scenes in the natural world, with voice-overs asking the kinds of questions that I had asked of myself and God in the midst of pain and loss. I kept thinking of someone emotionally close to me who died in the last year as I watched it, echoing in my head the same kinds of questions I should have had the presence of mind to ask and pay attention to when I still had a chance, and which remain worth asking even today. There are things the film said better in its silences than in words, and the choice of soundtrack provided a resonant backdrop to all the feelings felt but left unsaid. The film made me sad and resharpened aspects of my grief but at the same time, I am glad there is an artiste among us who has managed to capture and distill an aspect of art-making that reaches for the transcendent and - in my book at least - comes as close to it as the best of them.
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|I like Endgame better overall, but this is one of those albums that grow on you the more you listen to it so if you only went through it once or twice, keep at it and you see what I mean. I would say it captures or sounds very similar to the stuff they were putting out in the early 90's and this is no surprise considering a couple songs off this album are FROM the bonus tracks and demos you got on the early 90's albums. They are not recycled, but fully realized. What was a 2 minute demo 15 years ago is now a full song. Strong cd overall. If your a fan, you already have it. If not, its worth the $10. Also, its nice that MEGADETH is not following METALLICA by producing noise pollution. (Google LOUDNESS WARS to see what I am talking about)  This album is very strong overall, but it feels like a continuation of ENDGAME, and while thats not a bad thing, if you are like me you want Megadeth to keep moving to the RIP CTE era and this does that to an extent, but only because a portion of the tracks are directly from that era. It is not the fastest, and I would not call it hard rock at all. It IS metal. It IS megadeth. It IS good.   *SUDDEN DEATH*  The track written exclusively for Guitar Hero. This is a good opener, and its nice to see it on an album instead of a digital download. The opening is strikingly similar to the opening track on the KILLING IS MY BUSINESS album, and that tone stays for the song. The lyrics are a *little* weak in some verses to me, but it is very well polished and catchy.   *PUBLIC ENEMY No1*  Very 90s sounding, could say made for radio. Catchy refrain, lyrics on the refrain seem repetitive due to the suffix, but its a good song regardless. Modern sounding with a 90s style.   *WE THE PEOPLE*  The political track on the album. Dave's got good writing style here and it shows. Lyrics are good and clever \\"surrender freedom (your social security) refers to not ACTUAL social security, but rather the idea that your freedom IS your social security. The sound is hard to nail down for me, but I'd mix it between The system has failed and Countdown to Extinction. Solid track, give it a few tries if your not sold on it. I wish the ending wasn't repetitive with lyrics, that would make this perfect to me.    *GUNS DRUGS AND MONEY*   I want to like this song, but after several listens its just not my thing. The lyrics are ok for the most part, but the tempo and sound never really draws me in. Its a song that I forget even played when I listen to the whole album. It sounds like something you would hear on The World Needs a Hero or United Abominations. Listen for yourself and decide!  *NEVER DEAD*  Another song written for a video game of the same name. This song is very interesting at the onset, and it sets a dark and eerie tone before the main verse kicks in and it does not let up until the end. The refrain is good, the song is fast (maybe the fastest on the album) and the guitar is very technical. This could pass for radio play if given the chance. Its also nice to hear Dave actually sing haha.   *NEW WORLD ORDER*   This is the completed song released as a demo a few years ago on the remasters that Mustaine did. The song then was never finished, and its nice to hear it completed. The notes are the same as they were then, but its been recorded using Megadeths current style. Basically, take a song off of RIP, CTE, or Y, and re-record it with the sound you hear on Endgame and this is it.   *FAST LANE*  I wish Dave would stop writing about going fast sometimes. We already have a superior version of this song, and its called 502. There is also High Speed Dirt, Moto-Psycho, and 1,320 from the LAST album. The lyrics on this one are painfully simple. \\"Fast lane! Like a Jet plane! Like a Freight Train!\\" It's like Moto-Psycho, not really what I expect from Megadeth. (502 and 1320 are excellent however) The only thing I like about this song is the bridge and breakdown, this one is really Groove-metal, but they've done it better on PSBWB? . Just because I don't like it, doesn't mean you won't.  *BLACK SWAN*  You may feel like your getting ripped off in this one, but your not. This song was released before as a bonus track on United Abominations in Japan and a digital download everywhere else (also before the movie of the same name, there is no relation). If you have not heard the song before, it has a very 80's feel to it at the start, and the opening solo reminds me again of KILLING IS MY BUSINESS and thats a good thing. The lyrical theme is similar to SUDDEN DEATH, and now that I think about it, these two songs almost could be paired together to tell a story, or lead into each other. This is a good track to have if you didn't before and is solid the whole way through. When I listen to it, its hard to not imagine birds or planes flying.   *WRECKER*  This song is one thats open to interpretation lyric wise. You can take it face value about a female home wrecker, or you could use it as an allegory for something else that can wreck a persons life like drugs or alcohol, anything you can associate an addiction with. Lyric wise, its well done, and Dave sounds good on it but I can't help feel that sometimes hes talking his way through a song when he could be singing. Anyway, this is a good song on this album, and it sounds akin to something on the Youth album in my opinion.   *Millennium Of The Blind*  Another song that was a demo a few years ago, realized to its full potential here. Again, take a song from 15 years ago, and then re-record it with the current sound and equipment megadeth uses and thats what you get. The song is slower in pace from all the others, and the lyrics paint a dark tone about the future (or present depending on your thoughs). This again fits into the CTE era or writing from Mustaine and its nice to see it finished.   *DEADLY NIGHTSHADE*  The title alone makes this track sound cool, and it has a couple of spoken parts like you would hear on Captive Honor, Break Point, or 99 waysto die. It fits in with the style of this album and as a good hook to it, sure to please many fans.   *13*  This song is placed perfectly as the closer to this album. The sound is something of an epic, maybe you would equate it to In my Darkest Hour from SFSGSW!? and its obvious its about Dave's life from the lyrics alone, much like the track Of Mice and Men from TSHF. The guitar riffs are great, and the pace is really good. Lyrics are easy to sing along with if thats your thing and the vibration from the speakers when listening to it loud is an awesome feeling. Clearly, some time was spent on this song and this is more of what I want to hear from Mustaine when it comes to a melodic pace that this song has.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|One either likes the Star War's series or one does not. They were so imaginative and well done. It is  a classic. Great viewing today in the midst of so many movies filled with ugly language blaspheming God.  The whole family can enjoy these films.
B005QPMB2Y|1.0|I contacted the Developer about transferring IP Cam Viewer Pro to my new HTC phone due to tech issues with my old Phone & Market Account. All he said was: \\"google associates your purchases with the original/purchase gmail address. those are google rules, not mine. they own/run android market, not me. I can't do much.\\"   That is a lie because I've contacted another Android Developers for the same situation (paid apps) and they were able to solve this issue. In other words, he just blames the Android Market, does not care and you'll have to repurchase the app again if you end up in a similar situation. The 2-way audio support produces a lot of interference when not using wifi. (even if you have a 4G phone) Record Mode only saves/records a bunch of photos NOT video.
B005FITIMS|4.0|I had caught wind of The Skin I Live In a few months back. I remember watching a trailer and/or reading a brief description of the project and being incredibly interested in seeing it. Then the film had a positive reputation amongst well-known critics and review sites, so that pretty much sealed my interest in it right there. The downside was I had never seen a Pedro Almod&oacute;var film and I really don't care for Antonio Banderas outside of like Desperado, but still the desire to see this film was there. Nothing can really prepare you for The Skin I Live In though. You'll pretty much be left gobsmacked with your jaw on the floor on at least one occasion during the film.<br /><br />Robert Ledgard (Banderas) is a plastic surgeon who has just developed artificial skin from pig cells that's stronger than the average person's skin, is heat resistant, and insect resistant. Brilliant research has lead to a brilliant discovery. Robert has many skeletons buried in his closet though. The main one being a woman named Vera (Elena Anaya) being kept captive by Robert who has been the test subject to his experiments. With the loss of his family, Robert has jumped headfirst into his research to distract himself from his demons for so long that he's basically forgotten how to think clearly; a decision that'll come back to haunt him sooner rather than later.<br /><br />It is extremely difficult to give you much of an idea of what this film allows you to see without spoiling what's absolutely vital to enjoying (or at least being caught off guard) by the climax of the film. There are a few obvious things that come to mind though. The first one being that the score is fantastic and easily one of the best of the year. Full orchestra scores or ones that utilize a heavy use of pianos, violins, and or cellos always speak to me in volumes. The other thing is that Antonio Banderas seems to be stepping way out of his comfort zone for this film and I mean that in a positive way. Outside of a handful of films like Desperado, The Mask of Zorro, and The 13th Warrior, Banderas seems to be known for Spanish films, romantic comedies, and children's films (the Spy Kids & Shrek films). Once you see The Skin I Live In, your reaction is basically something along the lines of, \\"Holy ....! That was this guy? Where the hell did this come from?\\" It's kind of spectacular in this awe-inspiring kind of way. While there is certainly an art to actors who make a name for themselves as well-known character actors, I've always preferred the talented individuals who take on a variety of different and unexpected projects. Showing a wide variety of your talent is way more impressive than showing people the same thing you do well over and over again. Lastly, if you're a fan of films with twists or movies that offer something you weren't expecting going in then The Skin I Live In is worth looking into. It's a really unique twist on the revenge genre.<br /><br />The Skin I Live In obviously won't be for everyone. Some will find it ridiculous while others will speak volumes of it long after they should. Its nonlinear storytelling certainly strengthens the impact of a key scene while simultaneously making you contemplate just where in the world the film could go from there. Even if you don't enjoy it, you can probably at least agree that it's one of the most unpredictable films of the year. With all of this said, there are a few downers to the film. For one, the sex scenes are incredibly awkward; the subtext of the film being the key reason for that. The ending also suits the film well on one hand, but is kind of weak on the other. It feels a little too open-ended for a possible sequel opportunity, but also feels like a gratifying finale to this particular part of the story. The Skin I Live In is a dark, beautifully disturbing, shocking thriller that doesn't adhere to predictability.perado, The Mask of Zorro, and The 13th Warrior, Banderas seems to be known for Spanish films, romantic comedies, and children's films (the Spy Kids & Shrek films). Once you see The Skin I Live In, your reaction is basically something along the lines of, \\"Holy ....! That was this guy? Where the hell did this come from?\\" It's kind of spectacular in this awe-inspiring kind of way. While there is certainly an art to actors who make a name for themselves as well-known character actors, I've always preferred the talented individuals who take on a variety of different and unexpected projects. Showing a wide variety of your talent is way more impressive than showing people the same thing you do well over and over again. Lastly, if you're a fan of films with twists or movies that offer something you weren't expecting going in then The Skin I Live In is worth looking into. It's a really unique twist on the revenge genre.  The Skin I Live In obviously won't be for everyone. Some will find it ridiculous while others will speak volumes of it long after they should. Its nonlinear storytelling certainly strengthens the impact of a key scene while simultaneously making you contemplate just where in the world the film could go from there. Even if you don't enjoy it, you can probably at least agree that it's one of the most unpredictable films of the year. With all of this said, there are a few downers to the film. For one, the sex scenes are incredibly awkward; the subtext of the film being the key reason for that. The ending also suits the film well on one hand, but is kind of weak on the other. It feels a little too open-ended for a possible sequel opportunity, but also feels like a gratifying finale to this particular part of the story. The Skin I Live In is a dark, beautifully disturbing, shocking thriller that doesn't adhere to predictability.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This is the best free app of the day I've seen in some time. However, of the multitude of free app I have received, this is the first one that asked me for payment information. Is this really free? I don't want to give payment information.
B004A8ZWWO|2.0|Brett Ratner isn't exactly a director people love these days. After the below par Rush Hour 3 fell well below expectations and X-Men: The Last Stand genuinely pissed off comic book and movie fans alike, it's difficult to really get excited about anything he's a part of now. So along comes Tower Heist where Ratner teams with Eddie Murphy, another example of someone in Hollywood people have grown sour on, to assemble a movie that seems to have thrown together a wide assortment of middle class actors that hope to capture the same magic the Ocean's Eleven movies did. Sometimes you can predict a movie at face value and what you see in promos is what you get with Tower Heist.<br /><br />Tower Heist did seem to finally get going in the middle of the movie; it showed signs of heart, jokes actually felt a bit more on point, and the story was progressing nicely. Unfortunately, it's sandwiched between an extremely lame opening half hour or so featuring what feels like nothing but rectum and feces jokes and a really stupid final half hour that is just too over the top to believe or actually pull off. Pe&ntilde;a and Murphy seem to be in a competition with one another on who can say the most ignorant things that come to mind while Broderick falls victim to the same character flaw despite showing signs of intelligence in more difficult areas. Casey Affleck doesn't do a whole lot other than worry about his pregnant wife while Ben Stiller puts in one of the tamest performances of his career. Nearly all of the characters felt flat and underdeveloped. Despite having their own quirks and brief background stories, they all seemed to go in the same direction which was blurting ridiculous one-liners to try and make the audience laugh rather than try and move the story along.<br /><br />There is some good buried in the middle of the movie though. The entire Lester (Stephen Henderson) subplot is the closest Tower Heist gets to developing any sort of heart even though it feels like it drops the ball as soon as it tries to pick it up. The conversations the team has before the actual heist take place are easily the funniest segments of the film; the lesbian conversation and Lego layout scene with the \\"Webster\\" line specifically. Gabourey Sidibe is used pretty sparingly in the movie, but seems to do the most with what screen time she does get. She's genuinely pretty funny nearly every time she shows up. T&eacute;a Leoni probably gives the strongest performance though. Special Agent Claire Denham is an FBI agent that does everything by the book and puts her job before anything else, but it's obvious she develops a soft spot for Josh Kovacs (Stiller). The scene where she and Stiller get drunk is charming in this awkward sort of way.<br /><br />Tower Heist would actually be pretty decent if it wasn't for how everything is resolved at the end. What the team ends up stealing, how they get it out of the hotel, where it ends up, and what they do with it just ruins anything you may have liked up until that point. Nearly every actor that's part of the main cast at least has one line that will make you smile or laugh out loud, so everyone gets their moment to shine. It doesn't save a shoddy movie that can't find its footing in the story department though. With more downs than ups and one of the most unfulfilling conclusions to a movie in recent memory, Tower Heist comes off as nothing more than a generically ghetto version of Ocean's Eleven.ies to pick it up. The conversations the team has before the actual heist take place are easily the funniest segments of the film; the lesbian conversation and Lego layout scene with the \\"Webster\\" line specifically. Gabourey Sidibe is used pretty sparingly in the movie, but seems to do the most with what screen time she does get. She's genuinely pretty funny nearly every time she shows up. Téa Leoni probably gives the strongest performance though. Special Agent Claire Denham is an FBI agent that does everything by the book and puts her job before anything else, but it's obvious she develops a soft spot for Josh Kovacs (Stiller). The scene where she and Stiller get drunk is charming in this awkward sort of way.  Tower Heist would actually be pretty decent if it wasn't for how everything is resolved at the end. What the team ends up stealing, how they get it out of the hotel, where it ends up, and what they do with it just ruins anything you may have liked up until that point. Nearly every actor that's part of the main cast at least has one line that will make you smile or laugh out loud, so everyone gets their moment to shine. It doesn't save a shoddy movie that can't find its footing in the story department though. With more downs than ups and one of the most unfulfilling conclusions to a movie in recent memory, Tower Heist comes off as nothing more than a generically ghetto version of Ocean's Eleven.
B0038W0OIK|2.0|Coming from a set of Logitech G35's this headset is almost a joke. Harsh, but it is the absolute truth, and I'll below I'll list why.  Sound Quality - It's not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to say it's great either. Sounds seem to almost come from inside your head, and to me that kills immersion when I game. Youtube and other streaming videos had an almost tinny quality to them, and despite my tweaking, I couldn't manage to correct this. At almost $150 these are waaaaay overpriced.  Fit - They fit on the head well, however the cups smash your ears. I don't have particularly large ears, so I suppose this is by design, but I use a headset almost exclusively, and so this  is a huge no, no, as after an hour, my ears feel like they've been smooshed!  Value - For the money, there are just too many other more attractive options out there. When I put these on and fired up Battlefield 3, I was literally underwhelmed, and disappointed.  Anyhow, I did not purchase these from Amazon, I picked them up from a local retailer to test them before having them delivered via Amazon, and they are without a doubt going back to the store. Steel Series needs to go back to the drawing board on this one.
B004EC5IV6|5.0|If you liked the first volume (Evangelion: 1.11) you will certainly enjoy this.  Again, fans of the original series will love Evangelion: 2.22 for both its new approach on original characters and plot as well as for the introduction of new characters.  The retelling of this amazing story truly accelerates from where Evangelion: 1.11 left off
B004W4N55C|5.0|Downloaded it thinking it would be just a guitar app, but it has drum tabs too! Could find content for every song I threw at it. Overall a polished app that's useful to anyone that plays guitar, bass, or drums.
B0030ZOYJ0|4.0|Phenomenal prologue for the retelling of this groundbreaking anime.  Blew my expectations away both with nuances of slightly altered plot and amazing new animation technology.  A must-see for fans of the original Neon Genesis series.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|One of the best series of books I've ever read!  I cannot believe this is for \\"young adults\\".  Really great writing = I almost never re-read books.  This whole series will be re-read many, many times before I'm done!
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|I love this album because every single song is a gem. The musicians are all wonderful and support Susan's flawless singing in the most tasteful, funky, beautiful way! Midnight In Harlem feels like you're being gently rocked, then Learn How To Love You rocks your socks off! Lyrically brilliant, theese songs touch me deeply. The musicianship feels so \\"gelled\\" and collaborative- I don't know how to explain it. I just know that I can't stop listening to this and telling others about it.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Just a short, but happy review of the Beach Boys - The SMiLE Sessions. I've wanted to hear this music for as long as I can remember, and I wasn't disappointed. I bought the Brian Wilson, redux of SMiLE from 2004 and loved the music, but it wasn't the Beach Boys. The release of the original, with the voices of the Beach Boys completes the circle.   For Beach Boys lovers, no question, this is a gift to us. For those who are new to the genius of Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys, missed the point, or love music in general, listening to this music will definitely give you a SMiLE.  Brian, thank you!!!!!!!!
0553801473|5.0|I ordered this book in hardcover because I wanted it to last.  This is easily an incredible followup to the first four books, and I am sobbing at the fact I read it too quickly, and now have no Martin for an indefinite period of time.  George, if you're reading, do what you can to finish it in a timely manner, but to be honest I would wait a decade if that was what it took to maintain the quality of the first five volumes.  Such great fiction.  Reminds me of the saying that if you read books, you can live a thousand lifetimes, but if you don't read you only get one.
B003A02W0I|4.0|The book is a typical Dan Brown page turner.  Although perhaps not the best Dan Brown book I very much enjoyed it and recommend it.
B002LC8HF0|5.0|Great Book. Need to read the first two in the Mistborn series first. Excellent series, excellent book. Sanderson does a wonderful job keeping you capatived through the whole series, waiting to see what will happen next.
B00001NTXN|5.0|Quoridor has quickly become one of the most popular games in our house.  Easy to play, quick to learn, great to play with guests.  We own most of the Gigamic games and love their unique style of gameplay.  Quoridor ranks in the top 3.  If you enjoy games that are quick to learn, difficult to master, and force you to think in creative and unusual ways, then Quoridor will be a great addition to your game closet.
B00516ZWRE|4.0|When I learned that at last Saxonb (mainly, Biff Byford) at least had decided to quit with German producer Charlie Bauerfeind (a guy that made all the albums he produced to Saxon to have the same generic and pedestrian over produces European power metal sound that he applies in al his productions), I thought to myself: \\"well, maybe this one will be worth it\\".<br /><br />And I was not wrong. Even if Bauerfeind is still onboard in mixin duties, this is another Saxon from previous albuns, more direct, less polished, great guitar soloing. For me, the best album since 1997's UNLEASH THE BEAST (the debut of Doug Scarratt).
B0053TMP24|5.0|Rick Riordan is back with another crowd pleaser. This series I think is better than the Percy Jackson series. The characters are great. The plot is great. He even brought back Percy Jackson who I in fact love in this book. I love Hazel. I love her history and how far she is from. I love Frank. I just wanted to for some reason if he was real, is just hug the guy. He seems like a nice guy. Anyway, I love this book. Rick Riordan is just a amazing author. I love this book. Probably, the best he has ever written. I CAN'T wait until the Mark of Athena comes out.
B004W4N55C|5.0|I thought free tabs were history, but then I found this app. Tuner and metronome are a nice touch. Truly a paid-level app (though maybe 8 bucks its a bit high?)
B004W4N55C|3.0|Like other tablet users have said, there are some visual bugs and such. It's nice to have offline view an all the handy tools however, this is a guitarists dream app.  One other quirk it has is that it force closes on my ASUS Transformer when I try to transpose the chords. Please fix!!
B005R32L66|3.0|I already reviewed in Android Market, but here goes: I like Skype on my Android phone (T-Mobile G2). Even the video works well. I don't have a front-facing camera, but it still works - I can show my house or can stand in front of a mirror :)<br /><br />One issue: I have Skype Premium on my home account, which allows video conferencing. Trouble is: if I include my Android account, it only allows audio - no video. I don't see why not.<br /><br />Still waiting for Android Skype to support bluetooth earpieces - that is so obvious, why isn't it working yet?
B004W4N55C|2.0|Doesn't display correctly on the HTC evo running cm7 it is a real shame because it seems like it would be a great app
B0050SYS5A|2.0|I really wanted this thing to work because I get tired of moving my furniture to play games. Unfortunately, it didn't perform like it needed to. The kinect would constantly \\"lose\\" me, which usually stops the game. I tried it with different lighting, different positions around the tv, and with different games; it just never worked properly. When I would look at the screen where it shows your outline, the shapes were strange, there were weird blobs randomly around me, and parts of my legs and arms would disappear. Maybe Nyko can do some tweaking and get it working better, because it would be amazing to need less room for the Kinect.
034552554X|5.0|I've written many five star reviews so the rating system feels inadequate for this beautiful and moving story.  I would give this book at least ten stars and that may not be enough.  Victoria Jones is a young girl who has known too many foster homes and not enough love and care.  Despite the failure of the system to truly care for her she opens her heart at ten to Elizabeth, her last chance for a home and a mother.  Elizabeth owns a vinyard and teaches Victoria everything she knows about the language of flowers and their care.  Through no real fault of their own this last chance ends in another and even more devastating disappointment for Victoria.  The story flows from this point to a lesson in maternal love, forgiveness, and redemption.  It is a beautiful tale, gorgeously written.  This is a story that will never be forgotten.  I loved learning the language of flowers and from the beginning grabbed a pencil and notebook to write down the meaning of each flower as it was introduced, only to laugh when I found a complete list at the end of the novel.  I made a copy and intend to use it for the rest of my life to communicate through flowers.    I did not understand some of Victoria's behavior or the real tragedy of attachment disorder.  But the story resonated deeply within me as I was an unwanted baby and suffered from my own mother's rejection and hatred all of my life.  Still, when I gave birth to my own daughter I loved her on sight and learned more about love from her than any other person in my life.  She has given me the purest joy all thirty-three years of her life.  So I could definately assure Victoria that the unloved could indeed learn to love with passion and committment.  My own daughter is the light of my life.  Thank you for a beautiful and unforgettable story, Ms. Diffenbaugh.  I would give you a bouquet of daffodils wrapped in laurel in hopes of reading many more of your books in future.
B004XD03RK|4.0|It's unlikely you'll hear any of these numbers being covered by the San Francisco Symphony any time soon, which is somewhat of a shame. I think this album is much more interesting than anything Metallica's done in the last 25 years or so.<br /><br />I agree with all of the positive comments thus far on Death's \\"Human\\" other than one small caveat. I don't think of this as death metal. Death metal involves a lot less mental precision than this music does. Also the vocals aren't \\"bearish\\" enough to be death metal. However, I can see how Death maybe led some less talented bands to try what became death metal.<br /><br />Enough said. It's a great album. Add it to your collection, unless you suck. Then don't.
0767847431|4.0|Ray Harryhausen's second (there are three) Sinbad outing, THE GOLDEN VOYAGE OF SINBAD (1973), is a highly engaging fantasy/adventure with a good story that carries the dazzling special effects.   John Phillip Law makes an ideal Sinbad, and he is ably supported by Caroline Munro as a sexy slave girl and Tom Baker as a wicked wizard.  The brilliant stop-motion animation by Harryhausen meets his usual standard of excellence, and it still works infinitely better for me than does CGI in evoking a surreal, dreamlike world.   Adding the appropriate Arabian atmosphere is a characteristically exotic music score by the great Miklos Rosza.  Columbia's DVD transfer looks and sounds spectacular; of which you get both wide and full screen versions.  Extras include featurettes on  MYSTERIOUS ISLAND, THE THREE WORLDS OF GULLIVER, and EARTH VS. THE FLYING SAUCERS, vintage advertising, the theatrical trailer, talent files and production notes.  If you like good, old fashioned, fantasy fun, and you appreciate the era when special effects still involved genuine craftsmanship, then you're sure to enjoy THE GOLDEN VOYAGE OF SINBAD.
B004VUP8WK|1.0|it would take a miracle to recover from this.... this is the archetype of a band completely out of touch with their fanbase (until james hetfield starts screaming his brilliant acapella lines w/o any background sonic disturbances... the next step from Lulu- -if that's a compliment)
B0044XV3QY|5.0|Got this from Amazon while it was on sale for reaaally cheap price. If you have a blu-ray player and you have a really nice HDTV(like I do) and you have HDMI cables that are high speed (like certified category 2 HDMI cables) this movie is where it's at! I got this movie simply to see for myself just how nice blu ray on 1080P can look and I can't get the grin off my face. Not many movies were shot in high def digital w/o compression ruing them, this is one of the very very few. So if you want to see things the way they were intended - this is a great way. Not to mention it was a good movie and this has 16 minutes of extra footage in it (I saw it in 3D in movie theaters and that extra does fill in some blanks). SO- if u you liked the movie or you have great equipment w/o the great blu-ray to bring it to life- get this!
B004W4N55C|4.0|Been a long time since I've seen amazon pitch up an, honest professional app for the daily freebie. Had this back on the iphone, and was impressed with its functionality and professionalism then. I'm still old, and phones are not the BEST way for me to read tabs while playing, but truly an excellent app. If you play guitar, DO NOT HESITATE to download.
B004SZHIR6|1.0|This item would not play on my PS3.  When I contacted the seller, they indicated that it sometimes will not work with Sony products (PS3 or stand alone blu ray player).  As far as I can tell, there is no warning anywhere to this affect.  I was not about to purchase a new blu ray player just to watch this disk.  The seller is charging me a 20% fee to return the item which is extremely poor customer service!
B005XOPEOU|5.0|This is a great album. From start to finish. I anticipated a good follow up to Viva La Vida, and was not dissappointed.
B005GHN2GG|5.0|We all have books that stick with us well beyond the last page; [[ASIN:B005GHN2GG Master of Crows]] is one of those books. Released in 2009, this is not a new book and somebody did NOT tell me what an excellent book this was going to be. Let me clear up something and that is that all my all time favorite books have been epic type novels/trilogies/series where the hero/heroine struggles against seemingly impossible odds. That is where this book took me, as with most fantasy romance it is slow paced but the reason is that there is not the \\"MINE\\" moment you find in a lot of PNR/UF and so it is a more realistic slowly evolving romance based on days/months of interaction. [[ASIN:B005GHN2GG Master of Crows]] held to this principal in an excellent manner keeping my attention while moving along towards a goal that becomes seemingly unattainable.<br /><br />Master of Crows is a wonderful fantasy/PNR romance with a great balance of rich world building mixed with a solid, steamy hot romance between the Silhara of Nieth, the Master of Crows, and Martise of Asher, a slave girl with a hidden surprise. This book slowly paints a unique world with Gods, priest clans, mages, giants, soul eaters who are dispersed among the story.<br /><br />Silhara is a sarcastic, anti-social mage. Martise is the plain, unremarkable woman sent to spy on him against her will. I wasn't sure if the author was going to be able to convincingly pull off this unlikely pair. In the end, these two very different people suit each other well. The balance between fantasy and romance was well maintained.<br /><br />Since I don't do spoilers all I can say is that they have to defeat a god, a ruling body of priestly sorcerers and a few personal demons to have a chance, the odds are NOT in their favor. So, for me this gets 5+ Stars on its ultimate entertainment satisfaction, this is not \\"love at first sight\\" romance (it DOES get there, but I am not sure there is even a kiss before 50% of the book) but it is storytelling at its finest and an ending that is richly satisfying. I love it when I expect little of a book and find it to be exceptional, the only other time in recent months that has happened was with Original Blood by Stuart Land.<br /><br />Bottom Line: 5+ Stars and it is a wonderful combination of action, romance, mystery and memorable characters that will stay with you long after the last page.ing at its finest and an ending that is richly satisfying. I love it when I expect little of a book and find it to be exceptional, the only other time in recent months that has happened was with Original Blood by Stuart Land.<br /><br />Bottom Line: 5+ Stars and it is a wonderful combination of action, romance, mystery and memorable characters that will stay with you long after the last page.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This utility does exactly what it says it does. This is not Guitar Hero, but a functioning musical utility.  Read the description...what you'll read is exactly what you'll get. Well done, developers.  And thank you Amazon.
B00511PTWM|5.0|I like this 2-socket lighter adapter.  It works just fine with my phone & GPS unit, charging at the same time.  It can be adjusted to different angles, which I like a lot.  Once set, it will stay in position, until you press a release button. I couldn't ask for more.
B004AYCWY4|5.0|I am a Bio major in my second year of university and the book written well enough that I can still learn stuff and enjoy it, while someone who is unfamiliar to life sciences could pick it up and understand Evolution.
