6300181340|5.0|I think this is the best horror movie ever made.   I don't think this movie is weird, stupid,or dumb. Tippi Hedren is a great, sophisticated, and pretty actress.Rod Taylor was great too.Compared  to the trash we have  these days.Here's what I say  TRASH GO TO HECK.Now compare that to Sesame  Street.Beleive me folks ,this is a great thriller.
B000005RTG|5.0|So there isn't the classic Purple line-up in this CD! What, Blackmore doesn't play? But, what if I forget that it was supposed to be a Purple album, then I avoid any comparisons to Machine Head and Made in Japan and  just listen to the songs? Man, then I would conclude COME TASTE THE BAND is  a terrific collection of rock songs! <br />All the musicians were in fine  shape. The vocals by Coverdale and Hughes were as powerful as ever, the  rhythm section perfect, and Bolin just kicked! I mean, can you enjoy old  heavy rock and not be thrilled by his performance in &quot;Coming  Home&quot;, &quot;Dealer&quot; and &quot;Drifter&quot;? That's impossible!   It is a very well-produced album, thanks to Martin Birch. When you listen  using headphones, you can truly appreciate the qualities of the mixing.  <br />The band was very energetic. Most of  the songs are heavy and with lots  of excitement. The infatuation for funk is evident in &quot;I Need  Love&quot; and &quot;Getting Tighter&quot;. Now that probably would be the  reason why so many fans disliked this album. &quot;This isn't the way the  band was supposed to sound&quot;, some said. Well, if you are ready to  accept some strong R&amp;B influences in a white rock'n'roll band, then you  can dig them. But don't worry, there are a lot of heavy riffage and soloing  in this album. The 3 ones mentioned when I wrote about Bolin are the  heaviest of the pack, but we shouldn't overlook &quot;Lady Luck&quot;  (&quot;she was a juke-box dancer/ a blue-eyed gypsy queen&quot;, we know  we've reached Coverdale territory), &quot;Love Child&quot; (that's what I  call a rock riff, man! I'd only have included a guitar solo instead of that  crappy synth)and the majestic &quot;You Keep on moving&quot; (the final,  and perhaps finest, vocal duet of Coverdale/Hughes). &quot;This Time  Around&quot; is a piano ballad that, if included in Stevie Wonder's Songs  in the key of life, would be considered cool. In this album, it shows what  a finewhite-soul career Hughes could have had after Purple. And &quot;Owed  to G&quot; is the best instrumental track in any Purple album. Bolin did it  again!<br />This line-up was dogged by personal problems soon after the  recording of the album, some shows of the following tour were a disaster,  perhaps they should have changed the name of the band... I agree it was a  troublesome period for our beloved Deep Purple. But COME TASTE THE BAND is  a very good album, and even without the classic sound of the MkII, is much  better than Who do we think we are (the last MkII album) and definitely  much heavier than Stormbringer.<br />Give this album a chance! Listen to it!
B000002KBU|5.0|&quot;Blue&quot; is still the soundtrack of my life.  I sang along to it in high school, then took it along to art school where it kept me company on many an all-nighter, a &quot;lonely painter&quot; singing along despite  the power chords on the radio dial... Then it accompanied me to Europe for  a year, where I sang along while &quot;running down the red dirt  roads,&quot; and then for the next 15 years I turned and returned to  &quot;Blue&quot; for inspiration and consolation as the world grew into a  very un-Woodstock-like place. OK, that said...Now I turn to  &quot;Blue&quot; on CD, with fresh ears, and there is nothing dated about  it. Joni Mitchell is a genius, and although she may have let go of her folk  roots to embrace jazz, I still love this CD best. The things she sings  about here are universal-- love and loneliness, faith and cynicism,  nostalgia for home while knowing one cannot inhabit the past-- all from a  woman's perspective. Ms. Mitchell paints with words and notes. If I were  taking only 5 CDs to a desert isle, this would still be #1... remarkable.  The funny thing is, I think I will be listening to &quot;Blue&quot; just as  raptly (on Goddess knows what format) when I'm 80. It's that kind of CD. If  you love poetry and acoustic music, buy &quot;Blue.&quot; It is one of  those rare, timeless recordings that sounds just as true today as it did  when it was first released. (And, if Ms. Mitchell reads this review, a  special note of thanks, from one painter to another!)
0792151720|1.0|As the top-grossing film ever, &quot;Titanic&quot; gets a large amount of respect that it probably doesn't deserve.  This is surely one of the most vapid films to ever gross over $100 million.  The relationship between the  two leads is unbelievable at best.  After knowing each other for what, a  few hours?, we see Kate Winslet disrobing for DiCaprio.  After a few more  hours, they're stealing away to have hot, steamy sex.  This is one of the  most overblown productions in recent memory, and the dialogue is bland  throughout.  The performances are weak, and Cameron's direction is very  overrated.  I figured that this film, considering its title, would be an  accurate historical account of the sinking of the famous ship.  Instead of  accomplishing this, the film takes a narrow and very shallow look at two  people on the ship, as if the rest of the people who lost their lives on  the Titanic didn't matter for anything.  After watching this film, the one  message that rings true is that the only people who matter in the world are  the beautiful ones, like Winslet and DiCaprio (yeah, right).  It makes me  very sad that this film won Best Picture in a year when &quot;L.A.  Confidential,&quot; &quot;The Sweet Hereafter,&quot; and &quot;Donnie  Brasco&quot; were all released.  Don't submit yourself to this torture.   The 1953 film with Clifton Webb is much better; the 1958 film &quot;A Night  to Remember&quot; is equally effective. Style over substance in &quot;Titanic,&quot;  but as everyone knows, only the beautiful survive.
B0000025T6|5.0|I heard some people discribing this album as &quot;too American&quot;!! and sinse I'm not an American originaly I should not enjoy it that much...well..I did. This masterpiece is so atmospheric and so haunting it  touchs somthing deep inside your heart....that's the greatness of this  album. Although the theme is American, it talks about everyday people. You  feel these people. Actually YOU ARE these people. I think anyone can feel  and understand when Bruce say: &quot;I have debts that no HONEST MAN can  pay&quot; or &quot;if you can kill a man for the thoughts that's in his  head&quot;...Most of us had brothers like Franky &quot;Highyway  trooper&quot;.....Very few albums can touch so close to home...deep inside.  One of my top ten of all time
B000002LQR|5.0|If you are going to own 1 RHCP Cd, make sure this is it... it has everything, the funk, groove and style you have come to know and love from them... it was my first RHCP Cd and also my best, if u have only listened  to Californication and liked it, you will love this... get it NOW !
B00000JCB2|1.0|Hey, another 15 songs about Durst's girlfriend, another band lost in the media sludge, the pop meatgrinder, another albummade for the people instead of by the band.  TDBY was a good effort, thy had potential, but instead we  have something only a few steps away from the spice girls.  Bizkit became a  corporate run money machine, a very common thing these days.  Fred stopped  screaming and teenage girls began lining up to buy this cd, simple as that.   Somebody told them what they had to do to make the big cash, and they  did-by making the musical equivalent of oatmeal, easy to swallow, goes down  without a fuss, requires nothing on the part of the listener.  It is a  slightly sad day for lovers of the rollin'metal groove, but not to sad.   There are bands-Tool, Clutch, Machine Head-that deserve the attention and  respect.  Bizkit will soon go away and everyone here who gave a five star  review will not notice from their pop-drivel of the moment coma.
0553573403|5.0|I bought this book just on the spur of the moment, and looking back, that has to be one of the best decisions I've made. Martin is fast-paced and he creates characters you know better than you know yourself. The sheer number  of main characters may throw you off at first, but, you will adjust  quickly. If you are interested in espionage, politics, and all things shady  and under-handed along with strong characters you can relate to, this book  will be exactly what you're looking for.
0792842103|4.0|I originally saw this film in theatres, and when I saw it on home video it lost some of its cinematic edge.  So I must recommend: get the widescreen version.  You won't be disappointed. This is as slick of an action film as  there is.  It definitely harkens back to the days of &quot;Bullitt&quot;  and &quot;The French Connection.&quot;  De Niro is his usual terrific self,  but the supporting cast is equally memorable.  John Frankenheimer has fully  compensated for &quot;The Island of Dr. Moreau&quot; (although no one could  possibly save that Marlon Brando clunker) with a masterfully-directed film  that boasts extraordinary action sequences.  You can tell he's a veteran of  his craft, and his pairing with De Niro is top-notch.  The chase scenes are  some of the greatest ever caught on film, and it's great to see De Niro  kick some a** as an ex-CIA agent.  Be careful with that rocket launcher,  Bobby.
B000002H70|5.0|The gentle sound of wind chimes sound in the background mark the beginning of Robert Smith's best work. The album plunges into the soul to express emotions such as love, sorrow, regret and pain. &quot;Disintegration&quot;  is truly a beautifully put together record.
0062502182|5.0|An easy-to read (4 nights before bed) tome in simple language with deeply spiritual and inspirational messages.  Required reading for all my employees.  A small investment to make in your life at any age.
B000000W5L|5.0|Decidedly NOT boring; maybe you had to be around when it first came out.  Covers the whole gamut of rock influences, from gospel to boogie-woogie to hard rock much better than U2 did on &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; or anyone  else has ever done in a similar project.  A true document of the history of  rock 'n' roll, performed by true students and masters of the artform and  its roots.  Quite possibly the greatest rock record of all time.  Dig.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|&quot;Raging Bull,&quot; nearly 20 years after its initial release, is just as potent now as it was then.  After Scorsese's ill-fated &quot;New York, New York,&quot; the director desperately needed something new, raw,  and vigorous.  And this is it.  Scorsese's direction and Thelma  Schoonmaker's editing are brilliant throughout, but the film wouldn't  command half as much respect without the presence of De Niro.  For me, he  exemplifies all that is great about acting.  This is one of the finest  performances ever, and Joe Pesci and Cathy Moriarty are equally great.   There's not much else I can say here.  I can either talk about this film  and spoil any surprises for you, or you can go out and rent it today.   Strike that: just go out and buy the damn thing.  It is an overpowering  motion picture experience, and is one you will never forget.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is definitely the best band out right now.  There are hints of older Korn and Slayer, but they are for the most part unique.  Track 6(Spit it out) is my favorite and I never get tired of hearing it, although every  track(14 out of 15) on the CD is excellant with one exception.  That  exception is track 7 which is really annoying.  I hope these guys continue  to put out kickass music and don't fall to the likes of Korn.  I highly  recommend this CD!
0684833395|3.0|Heller does an admirable job of removing the mystery from the military in his novel.  However, he badgers his reader to the point where any knowledge or truth that has been gleaned from the novel is lost.  A book about  nonsense and insanity is fine, but when the reader is forced to see it  through the same kaleidoscope as the characters, some of the impact is  lost.  One has a hard time relating to, or feeling sympathy for, the  characters since we never know what they'll do next.  Does Heller really  mean to say that people were making money at the expense of their friend's  llives?  If so, the ridiculous personage of Milo is the wrong way to  achieve this end.  This character's actions are so ludicrous, that the  reader is forced to write off the incidents completely.  This is just a  symptom of Heller's disease, which causes him to alienate his reader  through an overdose of sarcasm and ridiculousness.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Hopefully the music of Dido is soon discovered by the masses. Her wonderful melodies and light techno-dream sounds are brilliant. This album grows on you and you just can't let it go.
0802130208|5.0|I have read 5 reviews of this book.  the first four gave it five stars. The last, one.  I cannot understand how anyone could not like this novel.  It is past funny.  It is delightful.  John Kennedy Toole had a gift that  was greatly wasted. Ignatius may have been crude and idiotic.  That was  part of his charm.  He was more than entertaining.  I had to love this book  because it made me laugh harder than I had ever from any previous book I  ever read.  It is a work of genius and every portion is interwoven.  Pure  genius at work.  I read it for a book club that I am in.  Otherwise, I  would not have bothered.  Now, I am glad that I have.  I have recommended  it to so many people.  I think it is a book that everyone should read.  If  you have a sense of humor, you WILL like it!
0671015206|3.0|I can agree with the basic premise of the book: live below your means and invest wisely.  However, I think the authors went overboard in portraying the spenders as almost stupid.  Case in point,  Dr Smith lives paycheck to  paycheck,takes frequent expensive vacations, lives in a 500,000 house, and  drives a BMW.  He dies at age 70 with no significant wealth.   Dr Jones  saves 25% of every paycheck, lives in a 170,000 house, drives a used Ford,  and never took an expensive vacation.   He dies at age 70 with a 6.75  million net worth.  The authors of this book spend 300 pages telling us how  Dr Jones is a genius and Dr Smith a financial idiot.  Hello? I don't know  about the rest of you out there, but I would much rather have lived the  life of Dr Smith.  The authors seem to ignore the pleasure of living this  lifestyle.  What good is 6.75 million when you are dead?
0440180295|2.0|Did anyone else read the copy of this book which had the introduction about Vonnegut meeting with a friend of his from Dresden and that man's wife?  He promised the woman that he would not represent the events of  Dresden in a John Wayne-style, but instead would represent the horror as it  truly was.  What Vonnegut has done with this book is even worse than if he  had filled it with bravado and glory.  His now token use of science fiction  makes ridiculous the gruesome truth of war, and places this novel on the  level of G.Gordon Liddy's writings in the realm of anti-war.  Anybody read  JOHNNY GOT HIS GUN?
185984054X|2.0|In olden days (the 1980's) I was a typical liberal because I cared for human rights and the plight of humanity, but had more words than deeds and always thought of humanity as cattle, to be cared for in this life alone.   After an unexpected (and unsought) conversion to Jesus Christ, after which  I genuinely became concerned about people not as as species or a collective  &quot;humanity&quot; but as individuals, I heard a co-worker of mine -- and  a friend who never appreciated my newfound worldview -- say in one mention  of Mother Theresa that she wondered what Mother Theresa's angle was  (meaning her agenda).  I never understood what she meant, and thought she  was just trying to get my goat.  I've been moving into a world beyond  &quot;angles&quot; and &quot;agendas&quot; and &quot;ulterior  motives&quot;.  Oh, because of Original Sin, once an affront of my  intelligence but now the foundation of my view of myself, my friends, and  greater humanity, none of us are ever perfect, but nevertheless that can  not be construed that everyone has a hidden agenda.  Nor can the concerns  of Mother Theresa in her ministry be compared with the sort of altogether  natural concerns of the life we commonly mistake for reality.  Fact is,  however, I only know Mother Theresa from reports of her life.  I never met  her, never spoke with her.  But I understand that no matter how selflessly  one lives, or what good one does, if one goes about it in a way other  people do not approve of, or espouse an appreciation for all human life,  even the unborn, one is put in a jar and labelled.  Perhaps the person who  died in the same week as Mother Theresa, Princess Diana, is more loved and  venerated by worldly and/or liberal types because she went about it the  &quot;right&quot; way -- hobnobbing with rock superstars and condemning  land mines and living in a palace, rather than going and living out in  Calcutta and living with lepers. Mother Theresa is currently being judged  in a highercourt than we have on earth and whatever she did  inappropriately is being considered by the Ultimate Tribunal.  I was  reminded, in this book, of similar bilious attacks on Pope Pius XII, a  saintly man if ever there was one.  The twentieth century has seen two  extreme evils:  fascism and socialism/communism.  In Italy, where fascism  ruled in part of the century, if one wasn't a fascist one was a communist  -- one extreme to another.  Despite the Vatican's part as an underground  railroad for some of the Jewish people, Pius has been condemned to the  lowest circles of Hell by the world these days because he never offered a  documented condemnnation of Nazi Germany, which killed 6 million Jews and 6  million assorted others of his own people -- but he also never condemned  the USSR, which by the time Pius ascended to the Holy See has butchered and  tortured a hundred times that many of its own people.  But would worldly  liberal types (and Hitchens is an unabashed &quot;liberal&quot;)  countenance a papal condemnation of the socialist USSR?  The play &quot;The  Deputy&quot; was a fabric of lies;  but this book seems not so much  &quot;lies&quot; as a careful perversion of the truth.  And it's easy to  condemn Mother Theresa from an American easy chair, especially if one sees  everything in the world through the warped spectacles of  &quot;politics&quot;.  It's not easy for some people to swallow, but  everything in the world is not reductable to the common denominator of  politics.  If Mother Theresa did all she did because she thought good works  would save her own soul (a heresy) I would think far less of her than to  think of her taking money for her order, her ministry, and the people she  served from sources that men like Hitchens disapprove of.  The only reason  that I give the book two stars is because it is good to be iconoclastic, so  long as you don't do it just to smash icons.  All things must be weighed,  and anyone reading this book should read something to balance it.  Mother  Theresa, so far as I can tell, was a hero.  She burned her life out for  Christ, serving the lowest of the low, people Mr. Hitchens would not deign  to have at his table.  I understand what my co-worker meant by Mother  Theresa's &quot;angle&quot; -- here's a whole book devoted to it.  But the  &quot;angle&quot; is more in the perception of those who believe no one can  do a good deed without expecting something in return.  And there are those  who believe all religion and work done in the name of a religious figure is  a sham.  I was one, until Christ found me.  If someone is simply going to  exterminate religious belief, or anything else that demeans individual  freedom to lead toward socialist collectivizing, and thinks that one way to  accomplish that goal is to destroy the memories of people who served  others, this is a good place to start.  And for anyone who earnestly wants  to serve Christ and others disinterestedly, it's good to read this book,  and see what people are going to say about you anyway.
0393307050|5.0|Having read most of the series (quite unintentionally, as I am well and truly hooked) I have to respond to the reader from Philadelphia who characterized Master and Commander as a &quot;distant second&quot; to the  Horatio Hornblower novels.  I would recommend the Hornblower novels to  young adolescents looking for straight-forward adventure.  To lovers of  books, O'Brian is far, far, better than C.S.  They are not even playing in  the same game, so what is the point of comparison?  Horatio Hornblower is a  great hero, but he is also someone who never existed - he isn't interesting  enough to be real.  O'Brian's characters (while eccentric) are real,  imperfect, striving human beings.  Master and Commander made me laugh out  loud, and I understood each character...and why we live in a world where  decent people can compete with, hate, even kill each other.  Master and  Commander deals with varying shades and degrees of: love, friendship,  honor, and loyalty. At the risk of sounding pompous I have to admit it  might be too subtle for some.  <br />So, read Hornblower as a youth, but read  O'Brian, multiple times, as an adult.  It is a far more rewarding  experience.
0553275569|5.0|Wolfe was the first, and perhaps still the only writers to really put you inside the the head of the first astronauts- indeed, when portions of this book were published in Rolling Stone, a number of astronauts commented that  he was the only journalist who really understood what it was all about.  This is still the best book to read to try to understand what it was like  to be there in the 60s during the space race.
6303421563|5.0|This is probably the best of a rare type of movie: one that appeals to people who like heart moving emotional movies, people who like action movies, and the average movie fan as well.<br />I was recommended this film  from a bunch of Natalie Portman fans claiming that this was a great movie  and her best performance.  They were right.  This was a great movie.   Everything was well done and the acting was much better than some of the  Academy Award winners have ever done in their career.  Especially little  Natalie.  Probably why George Lucas picked her to play the Queen.  Action  sequences were awesome and I really gotta find the Director's Cut version.   Go watch this movie and you'll have a new taste of what a REAL good movie  is.
B000002KD9|5.0|I bought the LP of &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot; in early 1971, soon after its release.  This album and the bootleg &quot;Young Man's Fancy&quot; (how come THAT title has never been released on CD?) appeared  around the same time, and both albums are beautifully and thoughtfully  performed, with magnificent, memorable songs that you don't forget over  time, the real mark of excellence.  I would immediately place this on a  list of my all-time &quot;Top 10&quot; favorite albums if I were to draw up  such a list.  Each and every song &amp; performance is top-notch.  Some of  my friends who got into Neil Young a little later bought  &quot;Harvest&quot; and felt that album was his peak.  I liked most of  &quot;Harvest,&quot; but it cannot match the material on &quot;After the  Gold Rush.&quot;   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I bought this album on the strength of its singles.  I have to say I was a little dissappointed.  I was expecting a Latin album, but only 3 or 4 of the songs were actually in Spanish.  I loved some of the songs, like Could  This be Love, which I think is the best song.  But the album is all over  the place, and doesn't stick to one thing.  One minute she is singing  Spanish, the next minute she's singing R&amp;B, then club music, then a  song with rapping.  The other thing is that a lot of the time, her voice  seems anonymous like she's a backup singer on her own album. On the high  notes, they overdub her voice.  I thought the songs could have been a lot  better, too.  The producers wrote the entire album for her. Look for her  name in the credits, and you will see that she co-wrote lyrics on only two  songs.  I'm not criticizing, but if she is so serious about the music  business, then why doesn't she write her own songs?  This is overall, an  okay album.  It could have been better, but this is only her first album so  maybe the next one will be better.
B00000G3I2|4.0|Even though it's a treat to see &quot;Chill&quot; get the DVD treatment, watch out for the &quot;Trailer&quot; that's included.......it's for &quot;The Long Riders&quot;, one of Kasden's other movies!!! A minor  quibble but, hey, if you're buying the DVD I doubt if you've never seen  this movie before. Also, the Deleted Scenes are not exactly a motherlode of  hilarity, and most of them wisely hit the editing room floor, with the  exception of a great pre-funeral scene with Goldblum and Berenger.
B0000027I6|5.0|I decided to buy the CD after reading several excellent reviews and especially when a Junior High School History teacher highly recommended it (he uses the CD in his classroom to critique American culture).<br />I was not  disappointed! A beautiful album conceptually, lyrically, and musically. The  use of duets and background vocals may be the best I have ever heard.  Several of the songs brought me to tears with their poignant message and  riveting melodies. &quot;The Bravery of Being Out of Range&quot; and the  title track are stunning vocally and in terms of their scathing  messages.<br />Warning: This is definitely not a CD for the mainstream.  However, any Pink Floyd fan should enjoy it immensely. I had to listen and  read along with the song sheet four or five times before I started to  &quot;get it&quot;. The lyrics and vocal harmonies will haunt you until you  continue to listen and discover that Roger Waters may have a weak and whiny  singing style, but he is arguably &quot;The Finest Rock Lyricist of Our  Time&quot;.
0385493800|4.0|I enjoyed the book. I don't have time to read novels very often, so I took a three-day reading &quot;vacation&quot; to read this. I really liked the transformation that took place in Nate O'Riley. I agree with some of the  other reviewers that the ending was a little too neat, but, who likes loose  ends? And really, if you understand the mindset of a missionary like  Rachel, the ending was perfect. I appreciated the way Grisham presented God  and His true nature.
0671656244|5.0|I'm shaking my head wishing I had taken better care of my Tuf Voyaging. This is science fiction the way I like it: an interesting character, unusual situations, clever writing. No techno-babble, no first of a 4-part  &quot;saga&quot; or &quot;cycle&quot; or whatever, no pseudoscientific  straining to make us believe the science. Good storytelling, episodic  self-contained tales, a fun read. Only Zelazny's Lord of Light comes to my  mind as a book I'd reread in parts again and again. Or would reread if I  still had my copy.
0449911357|5.0|I wanna be Idgie when I grow up!  Fantastic story, highly recommended to everyone.
B000002HPV|5.0|IT'S ALL ABOUT INTENSITY.  SHE SINGS FROM HER STOMACH, AND FROM HER HEART.  I AM GLAD THAT SHE ENTERTAINS AND WRITES, AS SHE SAYS, &quot;GOOD POP MUSIC&quot;, AMEN.
6303534422|5.0|This is one of my very very most favorite movies in all the whole wide world! It is very off the wall and in that sense reminds me of my mother. I didn't expect to laugh because I think cartoons are stupid, but I watched  this twice in a row (I never do that) and laughed until my sides ached both  times! And I am a woman with &quot;culture&quot; and don't even live with  kids (presently) so I'm not even used to watching little kids movies. It's  just cute.
1572522232|5.0|This is the horror movie to see!I watched it for the first time and I was glued to my seat!An incredibly eerie movie with THE best soundtrack I've ever heard!BUY IT!!!
B000003NA4|5.0|I first saw this lady on 'Tonight with Jules Holland'. I was instantly taken with the slow, bluesy sound and wanted more. This is sexy music at its best and if you can't make love to this then you never will.<br />Steve  Branley
B00000IACG|5.0|Well, I know I've been curious.  I've wanted to look behind the Fugazi curtain to hear and see what goes on when the band writes, tours and records.  Fugazi's new Instrument video and soundtrack CD provide an  all-access pass to the inner workings of one of today's premier bands.<br />I ordered both from Dischord and watched the video (A few times, I'm not  ashamed to admit) before listening to the soundtrack CD, and I think that's  the way to do it.  The documentary, shot nonstop by Jem Cohen on tours, in  the studio and at rehearsals, shows the members of Fugazi doing what they  do best:  making music and going to all of the places it takes them.  There  are several laugh out loud parts -- a well-meaning fan who incorrectly  recalls Ian's days in Black Flag, while mispronouncing his name, Guy  plotting the death of a Hollywood legend, Joe's futile attempt to tell  everyone about his Iggy Pop dream, Brendan rigging a motel showerhead with  Dial soap, a slick MuchMusic correspondent who enthusiastically mangles  their lyrics...It's a feel-good flicka that leaves me wishing that Guy had  a dance studio I could sign up for.<br />The Instrument soundtrack includes  demos of songs that haven't evolved into regular album tracks &amp; raw  working 'drafts' of now-familiar songs, some of which are included in the  documentary's music bed.  A dream come true for any Fugazi fan.
0375707972|3.0|Like the review below, I felt as though I must have missed something in the story.  Was something essential lost in translation?  It was a very quick and easy read - I can't say I lost interest in the story at any time,  but nothing every seemed to actually happen in the story itself.  When I  finished it, I felt as though I'd just read an abridged version of a better  novel.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|End Hits is as brilliantly groundbreaking as Fugazi's previous releases - I have all of them, and each is vital to any thinking person's collection.  If you really like Top 40, they may not be right for you, but if you have  ears worth the head they're attached to, you should be familiar with  Fugazi.<br />I'm no sheep (ahem, music fan from Washington, DC) - I appreciate  and treasure all music that makes me feel something, and Fugazi delivers  with each new release.<br />This pioneering and enduring band should be  championed, not slandered in anonymous 'review' posts.  Stick to the music,  and remove your head from your posterior, DC music fan - the music sounds  better out here.
B00000ILBK|3.0|I guess it's hard to say exactly why this didn't do very well. I think that it's hard to care for the Baku. They're too good looking. More than that they are technologically superior to us. One kind of has to say, look  what your piece and tranquility has done for you now! Oh yeah, you're soooo  smart to give up all your weapons and transportation, now you're gonna get  blown away! Actually, there not even threatened. They're just going to be  moved so that we can harness the fountain of youth quality of the planet's  rings. I just don't feel sorry for them. It kind of points an accusing  finger (or tries to) at people that promote the industry of technology,  basically the entire Star Trek fan base. And they don't go anywhere. The  movie opens on the planet, the entire film takes place on the planet, and  the movie ends on the planet....yawn. The only cool part is when the  Enterprise is being pursued by a Sona ship into a nebula, ala Star Trek II:  The Wrath of Kahn. But to be fair, it ain't too bad. I've seen it twice,  own the DVD, and will see it again. They just need a better cause than  this. The stupid Baku should be able to defend themselves, or at least make  SOME effort to do so. Here they just suck off the Federation teat and whine  about how there are bad people in the universe. Yeah well, that's life bub!  Aside from all that Bent Spiner, Jonathan Frakes and Patrick Stewart give  excellent as always performances. On the flip side, my girlfriend thinks  this is the best one.
0451191153|4.0|After having it suggested to me many times, I finally had a chance to read The Fountainhead.  I was skeptical at first, and as far as Rand's philosophy, I still am kind of wonder, but the book was great.  I couldn't  put it down.   I certainly don't feel that Objectivism and selfishness are  the answer to the world's problems. Even still, I think Rand presents an  interesting problem.  How many people in this world are like Peter Keating!   Doing what everybody else wants you to do, gaining success and social  &quot;standing,&quot; and yet still unhappy.  Although Roark could use some  people skills, atleast he does what makes him happy.  (Although we should  avoid extreme measures like Roark's behavior towards the end of the book.)  I think anyone who has tried to present a new idea to old bureaucrats, will  understand the problems Roark ran into when trying to present new  architecture.  Sadly, most will give in to the set &quot;ideal&quot; that  society has determined.  I respect men and women who responsibly stick to  their own ideals. (Note the word responsible, Roark wasn't always.)  All-in-all a great book I think everyone should have a chance to read.   Remember, Rand wrote these books to express her Philosophy.  So don't be  surprised like many are that there is a lot of philosophy in this book.   Also, some may say that this philosophy is simple to understand and  straightforward, so it isn't worth reading.  I disagree.  Unlike Kant,  Hegel and countless other philosophers, Rand has had some writing training,  which makes her philosophy a little eaiser to understand. Also, take some  time to read Kant, Mill, Aristotle, Plato, James, Sarte, etc. before you  decide Rand's philosophy is the answer.
0062502182|5.0|There isn't anything that I can say about this book that hasn't already been said.  It is an amazing journey of a boy who sets off to follow his dream and find his Personal Legend.  Never has a novel changed my way of  viewing life as this one has.  It will make you wake up and embrace the day  that has been presented to you.
B00000AFGM|5.0|I always hated rock music and I hated Manson before I had even heard him.<br />Then I spent a few mad weeks in Los Angeles and fell in love with his music.  The guy is a genius.  I read a book on him which helped me  understand where he's coming from a lot more.<br />I love Antichrist  Superstar and this album is quite a contrast to that but I love it  equally...each album puts you into a different mood or complements the mood  you are already in which for me is refreshing.<br />There's a lot of Pink  Floyd, Bowie and maybe even a little Iggy Pop in this album which  influences the songs without being blatant carbon copies of other peoples  songs...there's nothing wrong with having influences from other peoples  music...at the end of the day if the fans like it who (cares) where he  got the nuts and bolts of the song from?  I don't but besides, I think he  has kept originality anyway.<br />Anyway...stop pontificating and go buy all  his albums.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Well, Warner Brothers should be applauded for releasing it for such a low price, but the lack of extras is dissapointing when it comes to a movie like this. I've seen pages of Michael Mann's script with his annotations  that are unbelieveable in their density and psychology, and there has to be  scenes which have never been released before (what's with Val Kilmer's  arm?) - I'd love to hear his commentary because there is so much thought  that underlies every moment in his films, or at least an interview about  the movie, maybe even a comparison with scenes from an earlier version of  the same film he made for television called L.A. Takedown. Picture quality  is of a high standard (but not staggering), and the sound is absolutely  incredible (the guns here sound like real guns, so if you live in a cramped  apartment building like me, don't crank it up, or you'll have the neighbors  calling the cops), and for a price like this, not bad all around. Worthy  addition to anyone's collection.
B000002J7U|5.0|First Vangelis piece that I have bought since Heaven and Hell.   If some have felt that Vangelis would never reach to the heights of his earlier works, just listen to this CD.  As described by one critic, &quot;an  ethereal dream&quot;.  I agree and look forward to more from the Master!!
0451526295|5.0|If ever there was a book that could be applied whole heartedly to any space and time it is Mansfield Park.  Fanny Price is a hero whose quiet and shy reserve masks a heart filled with unrequieted passion.  As a stern  observer we through the eyes of Fanny experience all the folly's of youth  and infatuation.  Jane Austen really identifies with her readers and  captures the passions of youth.  There is a real spirit in her writing that  emotionaly binds you to her characters with a genuine warmth.
014028009X|1.0|I cannot believe that this is the book that garnered such rave reviews last year when it came out in hardback.  I find myself wondering if somehow I got a different copy - say a high school freshman's fiction writing  assignment that was erroneously slipped into a Bridget Jones'Diary book  binding. How this book could've garnered the praise it has is astounding to  me.  My first problem with this book is from a sheer point of view of  craft. It is so poorly written that I had to re-read some sentences to  understand them. Part of this, to give the author credit, was due to the  strong English accent the character has, but part of it was just plain bad  writing.  Take an email exchange between two extremely vapid people, add a  dose of indecipherable abbreviations and some alcoholic confessions and  you've pretty much covered it.  The book lapses back and forth between 1  dimensional characters and 1 dimensional plot. You have The Gay Guy, The  Best Friend, The Cute Boss, The Bitchy Social Climber. The only character I  found at all interesting was Bridget's mother who does a turn as a  stereotypically wild divorcee turned talk show hostess.  No one has  sufficient depth that you form an emotional bond with them and hence they  come off as petulent,pathetic and altogether unlikable.  By the end of the  book (and yes I read it through to the bloody end) I found myself in a  state of such antipathy for the heroine that I wanted to smack her around  and hold her face in a chocolate tray to silence her pathetic whining. To  me the way the heroine acts and her attitude in her diary is a slap in the  face to women everywhere, but especially single women. No woman in this  book comes away unscathed by Brigit's tirade of self-hatred, neurosis,  willful stupidity and catty comments. I found it highly offensive in so  many ways, not the least of which being the undertone that single women are  not single by choice, but merely by foul circumstance or lack of  foresight.The conclusion that all single &quot;career&quot; women secretly  desire the completion that only a big frilly wedding and chubby cherubs  will bring made me nauseous. And it is -never- challenged throughout the  book!  I kept wanting to shout &quot;Get some PRIDE woman. Quit whining!  Grow to appreciate your independance.&quot; But alas that never happened.  In the predictably &quot;romantic&quot; ending the reader is left wondering  why any sentient human being within Brigit's whining range would find her  remotely attractive, much less marriageable, so the book's conclusion feels  just as forced and self-indulgent as the rest of the book.  Definately  ready for the recycle bin. May it's next life as parakeet paper give it  some substance.
0553282980|5.0|In Welton Academy Todd, Neil, Knox, Nuwanda, Pitts and Cameron discover the beauty on poetry being incouraged by their english teacher John Keating but the passion and beauty for the reading of poetry leads sometimes to  tragical endings. The film is outstanding which includes a cast of young  actors that now are part of the hottest stars in Hollywood and one of the  most outstanding actors Robin Williams followed by Kurtwood Smith.
0374172897|5.0|This is more than an homage to Virginia Woolf:  it is an extension and re-imagining of her subjects and her style.  Cunningham surpasses himself in every way over his own earlier work and rises to the level that he can  be thought of in the same phrase, the same breath, as Woolf, just as Jean  Rhys in Wide Sargasso Sea proved a worthy collaborator with Charlotte  Brontë.  <br />The book tells us as much about American lives, their  hopelessness and their joys, their creative and their commercial  potentials, as Mrs. Dalloway does about England in the 1920s.  The book  stands as a powerful reproach to the sentimental idealization of the post  World War II period, just as Virginia Woolf unsettled the complacency of  the 1920s.<br />I can hardly imagine what Cunningham will take on next, after  this remarkable tour de force, but somehow after reading this book, I bet  he knows what he is going to do, and I can hardly wait for it.
0440203856|5.0|Ok...seriously...I loved this book!  Compared to most of other historical fictions, this one was pretty interesting to me.  Although Zoya's life was unusually weary, she endured it very well in spite of the wars.  This book  is rather thick, but you'll discover that you can never put it down once  you start reading it!!
0679457607|5.0|From his first chapter you see immediate results, it really hit home since I have taken numerous lessons and always had the problem of taking my Driving Range game to the Course but this book shows you how and a whole  lot more!
0671578278|5.0|I just finished an &quot;advanced reader&quot; copy, and this is Lois McMaster Bujold's best novel yet.  Even when she's writing a romantic comedy, Ms. Bujold still manages to ask Questions:  big questions, small  questions, and all sizes in between. This book made my mind itch and my  heart sing.  I can give it no higher praise.
B000002KBU|1.0|I have no idea how this album EVER got such positive reviews.  Joni Mitchell is perhaps the most pretentious, talentless artist of all time, and this album is one big snore.<br />I grew up with this album (my sister  played it nonstop), so I can confidently state that Blue is pompous,  self-important, self-obsessed, me, me, me, and therefore BORING.<br />Most  people who say they like this album do so because they're supposed to.  Stop the madness!  Do not buy this album if you have not done so.  Cheap  Trick forever.
B000002552|5.0|The Basement Tapes revealed that Bob Dylan, the visionary voice of a generation, the man who changed the world with a guitar, a harmonica and a hound-dog voice, was also a funny guy. These legendary Saugerties, NY  &quot;Big Pink&quot; sessions with the Band show Dylan, recovering from a  mysterious motorcycle accident and raising young kids, kicking back and  having some fun with his pals and some music. The tunes are great, and many  of them are completely non-sensical which is quite a departure for the  composer of &quot;Chimes of Freedom,&quot; etc.  If you've never heard  songs like &quot;Tiny Montgomery,&quot; &quot;Yea! Heavy and a Bottle of  Bread&quot; or &quot;This Wheel's on Fire&quot; (which is quite possible  since radio doesn't play anything but &quot;like a rolling stone&quot;) you  may be surprised. It's a sound that isn't really comprable to anything else  in his catalogue, perhaps because he never intended to release them. This  is the closest you could ever come to being a fly on the wall at a Dylan  recording session. My only regret is that they have never released more  from the sessions; over 100 songs were recorded in this period, many of  them covers like &quot;Folsom Prison Blues,&quot; others original, like the  hypnotic &quot;I'm Not There (1956)&quot; and majestic &quot;Sign on the  Cross.&quot; They are available if you know where to look.  A  &quot;Complete Basement Tapes&quot; would be my vote for the next volumes  of the Bob Dylan Bootleg Series.
0201485672|5.0|First one small complaint about this book: It introduces the notion of &quot;bad smells in code&quot; which are nothing but &quot;Anti-patterns&quot;. Why introduce another new term? The notion of  &quot;Antipatterns&quot; was introduced by another book with that title.  That book too handled some of the issues of &quot;Refactoring&quot;  although at different level and hence should have atleast been mentioned in  the bibilography. <br />Interesting thing is that the &quot;Catalog of  Refactoring&quot; in this book is in inverse format of the &quot;Catalog of  Anti-Patterns&quot;. That is not a bad thing though.<br />Many thanks to all  these authors (like the GoF and Fowler-Beck-gang) who giving the OO  programming world a higher level vocabulary, by giving names and cataloging  simple types of changes that you make to your code to rejuvenate it. That  is a very important contribution towards documenting valuable programming  folklore. <br />The book is pretty focused. The authors talk of little  Refactoring. And don't digress into suggesting ways to handle Architectural  or Infrastructural Refactorings (like say moving from Monoliths to  N-Tiers). That makes it a fun yet valuable read.  <br />--------------------------------------<br />This are my own views not my  employers
B000002H97|2.0|THIS COULD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER, I THINK THAT  THE SONGS SEEMED HURRIED.  LYRICALLY ITS NOT BAD, BUT THE MUSIC OVERALL ON THE CD IS NOT AS GOOD AS WHAT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN.
0679416781|4.0|I amazed by the amateur &quot;critics&quot; who have written reviews of this book.  Did they fail to see the lyric language and full, beautiful characters?  If every novel was written with immaculate historical content,  it would be non-fiction; perhaps people should review the definitions of  fiction and literature so that they might appreciate this book (and the  author!) for the beauty and brilliance they capture.
B000002AD0|5.0|This is my favorite Santana Album. Carlos Santana and Gregg Rolie (Piano, Organ) Really sound great. They jam forever and it sounds awesome. A great buy you&quot;ll listen for hours.
B0000070SG|4.0|great charm .. limited musical quality compared to later releases.. the developing Hawkwind sat very much in the late 60's musically<br />Production isn't great at times . Some tracks are good eg We took... some (only Dreaming, children on the sun, adjust me) do little for me. Master of the Universe became a great song live, the original studio version sounds to me tame and poorly produced.<br />As an evolving band this album has an innocent charm hence the rating
B00000IAU3|5.0|Wonderful vocals, beautiful melodies, and an overall worthwhile CD
6305291489|5.0|When you watch a movie for like the 75th time, well you start wondering what grabs you so much about it! And all I can say is I haven't figured that one out, all I know is that I still have the same reactions I did the  first time I watched it, it's amazing... I'm 25 years old, and a  movie-lover, I have over 550 movies in my collection (still not so big, I  know) and this one has a very special place in the shelf, actually, right  in front of the place I work at. Lindsay Lohan must be THE FIND of the  century, she's amazingly believable, and the rest of the cast, well,  selecting them was pure art, pure genious, and this is something I rarely  say about any kind of movie. This one can't even be catalogued in one  genre! it's got a lot of fun, romance, tenderness, maturity, dream-lead  imagination, I mean, hard to combine! and they did it all in just one  Masterpiece. a MUST!!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I ordered this CD as soon as it was released.  I couldn't be more happy with it.  Yes, I like the old Santana, but change can be a very good thing!!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah's gorgeous voice, and haunting beautiful lyrics are just as great live, as they are in the studio.  An enjoyable album for any Sarah fans.
0782008364|5.0|Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly make a great pair on the screen.  The story could stand alone without the erotic sex scenes....but those are always nice, too.  Highly recommended!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I listen to this cd constantly, it is soooooo great.  She has a voice better then Sarah McLachlan(my opinion) and music better then Alanis Morrisette(well the first cd, in that case).  She deserves to be award Best  New Artist.
0790729652|5.0|Okay, I had a stopwatch...and I watched the whole movie, and 8:45 seconds are all the time in the movie that had action including Batman. The Beggining part was only about a 45 second drop in and out. The gas plant  only gave Batman about 1:30 seconds of camera time. They car chase and the  fist fight out of the museum was only about 4:00. And the rest of the Movie  was in the batplane, Batman getting the crap beatin' out of him, and Batman  walking up the stairs.
B000002IQ9|5.0|Some of the songs on this album actually sound better than they do from their original format. The redoing of Sussudio was fantastic.  Besides Genesis, nobody has a better live album in the world.
B0000062GE|5.0|As soon as I heard my first Stabbing Westward song (What Do I Have To Do), right away they became one of my favorite bands.  Although their two other albums were great, DARKEST DAYS reaches deep into your soul, and really  gets to you.  I think their third album is the greatest of all.  In DARKEST  DAYS, the poetry and music is so much stronger than before. My favorite  song is Waking Up Besides You(16). Just by listening to it once, it got  into me. One of things I love about this album is that it's not really  happy, so to speak, but it cheers me up when I listen to it. As soon as I  heard DARKEST DAYS, SW became my all-time favorite band. DARKEST DAYS  became my favorite cd.  I love them! I can't go a day without listening to  the third album of SW.
B000000OQF|5.0|Simply BLEW me away!  I always like rock, but once I heard Appetite for the first time,I knew I have reached the peak of the greatness of music.  Every since I heard Welcome to the Jungle on the radio, I knew GNR were  extremly talented.  The best thing about this cd is that every song ROCKS!   THERE IS NOT ONE BAD SONG ON THE WHOLE CD.  No other music compares: not  metallica, not nirvana nobody even comes close to displaying the greatness  of rock anywhere!!  GNR are the best, I have all there Cd's and all of the  video's.  And when there new cd comes out later this year. EVERYBODY WILL  SEE HOW MUCH POWER GNR HAD!!!!!!!!!!!
0385493800|3.0|I thought this book was great, but not as good as &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot;.  The &quot;Testament&quot; would make a great movie, with alot of adventure and many story lines to keep people watching.  Great  ending who would of thought!!!!!  I can not wait for the next Grisham.
6304297912|5.0|What can i say? The first time i saw this film...I thought it was pretty good.  But i just couldn't get it out of my head....so i bought it.  I've watched it many times...and I still can't get enough of it.  The dialogue  is funny and extremly well-written.  The plot is original and keeps you  glued to the screen.  And the acting....my god....this is the best acting  i've ever seen in a movie.  This was the first movie that i saw Ewan  McGregor in...and he is just simply the best.  He can play so many parts!  From a heroin addict to a jedi knight...and from a nightwatchmen to a  surfer...the possibilities are endless.  And also the music in this just  blends beautifully with the film.  I especially enjoyed the nightclub  scene. Once again...this film is the best...and so is Ewan McGregor....if  you liked this film...i recommend Shallow Grave.
B000002C4J|5.0|This is one of her best CDs ever! The other one is &quot;Falling Into You.&quot; I love them both! All the song are great. I love every single one of them!
6305095442|5.0|its not supposed to be scarey or extremely gorey either. if you go in watching this expecting a horror film you are gonna be very dissapointed.its ridiculous, goofy, cheesy, over the top, dumb, retarded,  badly made and you just gotta love it!<br />this movie is just cool, thats the  only words i know to describe it.
B00000IQMT|5.0|The more I listen to it the more I enjoy it. Tracks 2,7,11,15 are awsome. Anakin's Theme is also neat because you can hear parts of the  Imperial March woven in through it.  John  Williams is a genius!
6305177473|5.0|This movie is crying for a &quot;director's cut&quot;.  I am over 50 and think that this is one of the most beautiful, touching, and brilliant movies I have ever seen.  The casting, the script, the use of music, the  humor, the off-beat items, such as the little boy accidentally sent to an  all girls camp... all triple 10s.<br />As articulated by many of the other  comments, Lindsay Loham is just brilliant, as is the actress playing  Merideth, the femme fatale.  I have noticed in the previews that there is  at least one scene which didn't make it into the final cut.  Also, this  movie was a big hit of 1998 and even grossed more than many major movies,  such as &quot;A Perfect Murder&quot;.<br />Even some of the reviewers who have  been upset by the movie, because it fails to show the pain of a divorce,  are evidence of the power of this movie and its positive message for all  parties regarding the need for intact families.  I hope this gets Nancy  Meyers back to the editing room for that director's cut.
B00000J8EK|3.0|I think this cd is decent but it does not touch Dig Your Own Hole or Exit Planet Dust.  Every other album that they put out was amazing I mean trully amazing.  Even their mix album was amazing.  But this album is nothing  special, I do like a few songs on it though.  Don't get me wrong they are  both increadible DJs but their other stuff is much better.   I dig the cd  and Im glad I got it but dont expect the best cd in the world.
B000003TAW|5.0|This album totally rocks!  It changed the way I looked at music.  If you don't like this cd you need to get a life!
068484267X|4.0|The story of McCourt's desperate childhood has a two-fold effect. It is chilling and heart-breaking in its harsh reality, but at the same time, his simple, local-dialect delivery, makes these characters come alive.  You are  fascinated by them. You need to know what happens. You care.
6305177473|5.0|what an amazing performance lindsey lohan turns out in her exceedingly complex role as identical twins (with COMPLETELY unique personalities, mannerisms, ACCENTS!...) in this incredibly cute and very well-done remake  of the classic &quot;parent trap.&quot;  i give her props...along with the  rest of the cast for a truly enchanting movie experience! it's a great  popcorn-sleepover-silly film for ANY age! (trust me....i'm 24....i loved  it.) ENJOY!
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr. Bungle's latest LP California is one that deserves more than 5 stars, perhaps twice as many for the magnificant blend of rock, jazz, beach boys and Patton into one amazing experimental sound.  &quot;Retrovertigo&quot;  is the most pop of the songs, and I have read that it was released as a  radio single, but have yet to heard any sighn of it on modern rock and  mainstream rock radio.  Aside from that song, most are structurless  melodies you can hum along to but not repeat a verse.  I love Mike Patton,  he has inspired my vocal performance so much, so it is not hard for me to  say that his vocals are uncomprehendable.  If you liked Faith No More but  not Bungle before, try this now, it is clear that Patton has turned  Fantomas into his &quot;agressive outlet&quot; and Bungle is now his more  natural side. Even Borsay might like it!  Buy Mr. Bungle's California and  listen to it multiple times.  It is great!
6300216268|5.0|This movie always brings tears to my eyes but still makes me laugh. The treatment of suicide in this film is the best I've ever seen - touching, tragic, and still funny - so that you can see that all storms have a  rainbow after them. Definitely a must see, but you have to be in the right  mood. It is not all light, nor all dark.
B000000ITY|5.0|On my top 10 list of great cds. This gold cd is worth the extra $. This is great reggae music &amp; is essential album for any collection. If you like Marley also get his &quot;Natty Dread&quot; which equally as good.
B000002KDI|5.0|This by far is Neil Young at his best. Even if you are not a fan but are a rocker, then buy this album. It is like a movie for your ears. Also check out the video.<br />Dan Cox Durant, OK
B000002KIE|5.0|Buy this cd! It is an essential albumn/cd for any collection. WARNING it has raunchy punk lyrics and will probly offend you if you have never heard true punk music. If you want something different this is it. The sound  quality is not that great. This album is available in a remixed version  which has better sound quality. This cd &amp; Bob Marley's  &quot;Exodus&quot; are on the top ten of my all time greatest cds.
B000002J03|5.0|Led Zeppelin is THE greatest rock n roll band to every play on the face of the Earth.  With their charismatic concerts to their own elite talents in the band, such as Jimmy Page on the electric guitar.  He basically  revolutionized the way to play guitar...check out the video for &quot;The  Song Remains The Same&quot; and see him play his electric with a VIOLIN BOW  during his guitar solo on the legendary song, &quot;Dazed and  Confused&quot;.  On this album, &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; is a trademark  rock n roll song for this generation and many more to come.  Buy this  album...you will have no regrets!  Oh, and by the way...anybody who listens  to and enjoys Amy Grant (as someone commented on that didn't like heavy  metal) needs to have their head examined...
0788811002|2.0|Shame on Disney...As if Pocahontas I wasn't historically inaccurate enough!  It still surprises me how she manages to fall OUT of love and fall INTO love like an absoulte moron.  Whatever happened to John Smith?  They  turned him into an idiot with a boat, in other words...Leo DiCaprio!  And  Rolfe was admirable -- considering Billy Zane did his fabulous voice -- but  unless you're a die hard Zane fan and want to hear him sing the theme song  &quot;Between two worlds&quot;, FORGET THE NI-QUELL MOVIE!
B000002KO3|5.0|I only wish they would release a remaster of this fine CD
0131103628|5.0|This is the best C programming book out there. It gives you the facts, and has them all without a 1000 page book. Also, Kernigan and Ritchie are the creators of the C programming language.
0446604844|5.0|This is a terrific read with a smart, female lead who can take care of herself through all the twists and turns of this well crafted novel.  Plan on a few late nights once you get started.  I found it to be far superior  to &quot;Absolute Power&quot; and almost as good as some of the early books  by Robert Ludlum.  You won't be disappointed.
B00000255F|5.0|It's very hard to pick out just one Springsteen album among all the greats.But if I had to,I would have chosen &quot;Born To Run&quot; Why? Because it contents everything you connect Bruce with. He get's in the car  and drives down &quot;Thunder Road&quot; chasing his dreams,he's got his  back against the wall in &quot;Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out&quot;,he steps in to  the &quot;Night&quot;,and he's hiding on the &quot;Backstreets&quot;.He  is,to put it short,&quot;Born To Run&quot;.When you combine these lyrics  with the most tender and soulful rock'n roll to date,you end up with one of  the most significant albums in the history of rock'n roll.Melissa Etheridge  once said that no-one can make you dream like Bruce Springsteen can.She's  probably right,and I guess some of us will stay inside that tunnel of  dreams forever.
068484267X|3.0|I resented Frankie for worshipping his father who neglected the children, caring not whether they lived or died (except maybe for his daughter), then rudely scolding his mother for having an affair with another man after the  father inevitably left them for good.  Was Angela supposed to be the  Martyed Madonna forever?  How dare Frankie judge her?! From the look of the  reviews, it seems people are addicted to stories of grossness, degradation  and excrement-ridden lives.  I am utterly disappointed. Where is the story  of the respectable, poor Irish family?  Is there one?
0385483821|5.0|The microporcessor industry has been the most explosive industry in history and Andy Grove was in the middle of it all.  While many seen Intel as unstoppable - it had its problems and overcame them.  Good advice for  any company.  Easy to read and understand.   Will make you want to learn  all you can about Intel!
0670880728|2.0|I'm amazed that this novel has been so popular. I love all things British but I couldn't stand Bridget after awhile. Her endless calorie counting, taking two hours to get dressed, and pathetic whining about not having a  man border on the offensive. I'm a single woman myself and I have lots of  single friends and I don't know a single one who acts like this. I wanted  to shake Bridget and shout at her, &quot;Who cares if you have a man or not  - enjoy your life! Eat what you want. Do some charity work! Do something  worthwhile instead of drowning in liquor and self-pity!&quot;  And as if  that isn't bad enough, the other characters are one-dimensional cartoons  especially Bridget's mother who becomes an adulteress, talk show host and  thief - none of which is even faintly believable. If ever the success of a  book made me wonder about the taste of the masses, this is it.
0393317552|5.0|The criticisms of Guns, Germs and Steel are well taken: Diamond makes a gratuitous remark suggesting New Guinea tribes people are more intelligent, on average, than Westerners, there's lots of redundancy and it fails to  meet the standards of scientific literature.  Finally, his \\"PC\\" refrains  help get the book sold to high school and university programs, but is  redundant to a theory that is inherently \\"PC.\\"  Nonetheless, this book is  outstanding.<br />Foremost, for me, Diamond provides a rich, highly readable  survey of current scientific literature on human development from a range  of disciplines.  His fundamental theory that agricultural assets led to  powerful societies is not original, but presented with greater depth and  insight than elsewhere, reflecting access to new tools in microbiology and  other fields of research.  The underlying theory and supporting evidence  give me the sense of greater understanding of human history and society.
0782008399|5.0|Three years before Matrix, the Wachowski brothers showed their geniality by directing this movie. It's a breath-taking, beautiful story about two women, Corky and Vi who become lovers. They both want to change their lives  and start all over. They have a brilliant plan... to steal two million  dollars from Ceasar, a member of the mob and Vi's boyfriend. As expected,  things don't go the way they wanted... This movie is a brilliant thriller  with very intriguing plot. The chemistry on the screen between Vi and Corky  is electric. This movie leaves you with the hyper girl power feeling, makes  you happy for the rest of the week...
B00000J7J4|3.0|I thought the songs up to #5 were good and then you get into the rap. Santana and rap I think do not go well together. The song with Eric Clapton had a nice guitar sound but the techno sound bothered me. It's not as good  as Santana normally is.
0812931017|5.0|I couldn't put this book down.  It just goes to show that risk taking is worth it.  This was a very inspiring book, that should be read if your in any type of business.
0140135154|5.0|I must agree that this is an excellent book.  It is not only a wonderful series of essays on art, but a landmark study of the ideological function of visual discourse.  Berger &quot;shows&quot; how the framing of visual  images shapes the viewer's perception of those images and of what they  attempt to represent.  Chapters two and three, on &quot;ways of seeing  women&quot;, are especially powerful illustrations of how particular  attitudes are reflected in visual representations and of how those  attitudes are reaffirmed for the viewer. Berger's argument is that  discourse -- visual in this case -- is never purely objective, but is  always reflective of a particular way of seeing the world.  This is not to  say that we should attempt to overcome our particular ways of seeing --  which cannot be done.  It is instead a call to be aware of the ways of  seeing to which we have become accustomed, and which we reproduce in our  own lives.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Fans had been waiting for Tom Waits to produce a new album for many years. Well here it is and it was worth the Wait! One man's noise is another man's symphony. Waits takes noises and odd collections of sounds and stirs them  together to make memorable and hypnotic music. Listening to Tom Waits is  like swimming at the beach. You know what the water and the waves look and  feels like, but the strange undertow pulls you to places that you did not  expect to visit. But you like it. The strange ebbs and flows of &quot;Mule  Variations&quot; and the piercing lyrics wash us to strange shores that we  find to be enchanting. Well worth the wait, but don't wait to pick this one  up for yourself.
6301543408|3.0|Yes, the effects were below par. And yes, there are some non-trivial holes in the story--not to mention some obvious deviations from previously established &quot;canonical&quot; Trek &quot;facts&quot;. But overall, this  movie is the most &quot;human&quot; of all the original cast Trek films  because of its emphasis upon characters, and that's what counts in my  estimation.<br />The first film was ponderous and relied too heavily on  special effects. The second film was certainly the most gripping thanks to  its snappy military feel and good pacing/story. But it was essentially a  one-on-one grudge match, which was interesting but somewhat unsatisfying.  The third was necessary to bring back Spock, but it did so in a ridiculous  way--a cameo by Jesus Christ Himself to resurrect Spock personally would  have made as much sense. The fourth film was an unrelenting yet cute  environmentalist lecture from start to finish. <br />And that brings us to  &quot;Star Trek V: The Final Frontier&quot;, which has the best character  development and interaction of them all. Some of the scenes with Kirk,  Spock and McCoy are utterly priceless. And thus to Mr. Shatner I can say  only this: thanks for pouring so much effort into a film that is  underrated.
6305078564|5.0|Little remains that can be said about the novel and its adaptation. It is a &quot;must have.&quot;  A comment about video quality: we are on our third copy of the A&amp;E P&amp;P. The first two sets were VHS format and  now a DVD. Contrary to one comment suggesting that the DVD looked like a  bad copy of a VHS, side-by-side comparison reveals the reproduction to be  no better (or worse) than the tapes.  It isn't what you'd see from a newly  released major studio film, but it is no worse that your typical PBS/BBC  production. Besides, it showcases the triumph of substance over style. Do  yourself a favor. Buy it. Even our 10-year-old son asks to see it again and  again.
0140186409|5.0|Amid so many people disliking this book, I love it.  The length can throw off a few people, but when I decided to read it, it only ended up taking a few days.  Steinbeck is brilliant and shines once again
B000000OSE|5.0|I have been a die hard GN'R fan since I was in the third grade. Axl Rose is an absolute genius. What a lot of people don't get about Guns is how amazing the lyrics are. Once you really sit down and listen to the words in  songs like 'Don't Damn Me','Dead Horse','Coma' and even 'Right Next Door to  Hell' you will understand what I am talking about.'November Rain' is my  favorite song ever. UYI 1 is a must have.
0140185232|5.0|Rich characters -  Maugham shows the beauty and weaknesses of all his characters and does so with excellent prose. Although this book is not an in depth analysis of the philosophy that Larry searches for on his  spiritual quest (in fact, most of the depth stems from the contrast between  Larry and his childhood contemporaries), it will certainly make you think -  its a book that will make you ask different questions every time you read  it.
B00000JG41|4.0|It seems like Trevor Dunn must have finally gotten laid
B00000JG41|5.0|Uh! I got disappointed when I first played the album. I was waiting for another &quot;Disco Volante&quot;. But after listening to it many times (I can't remember how many), I started to get the idea. They're still the  bungles, but this time with a Beach Boys touch. Tastes good.   My favorite  is &quot;Ars Moriendi&quot;, which more or less has the Disco Volante  approach. The only flaw is that it's too short, and I don't like waiting  four years for another Bungle album.   Not their most experimental album,  but if you get bored with the mainstream bands, just buy it. And... don't  forget to try Disco Volante too.   I can't help myself wondering, is Zappa  still alive?
B00000IBRX|5.0|THIS WAS THE MOST MOVING VIDEO I'VE EVER SEEN!  YOU CAN RELATE TO THIS VIDEO RELATIVE TO LIFE, DEATH, LOVE, CHILDREN, SOULMATES, ETC. IT'S A MUST SEE, I'M SUPRISED THERE WASN'T MORE HIPE ABOUT THIS MOVIE
B000002NJS|5.0|THIS IS HOW POP MUSIC SHOULD BE--ORIGINAL, NOBLE, AND STILL CONTAGIOUSLY FUN!
B00000IOSU|4.0|I was driven to this album by the haunting, dramatic ballad, ANGEL.  ANGEL is typical of this CD, in that there is a tremndous range of emotion and passion the listener will expereince.  The CD is remeniscent of the 60's  folk songs and the feeling and passion they engendered for the lsitener.   If you are looking for music to move you, then this is for you.  You won't  be disappointed.
0792156684|5.0|Es una pelcula estupenda. Desde los efectos cinematogrficos, hasta la msica, el clima, y el desempeo de los actores hace que se trate de una pelcula muy pero muy especial. A m me gust mucho y la v 3 veces.
B000002HH2|5.0|Bjork's vibrant music may be a bit of a shock for first-time listeners. Hang in there. You can't help but be carried away by her raw, fresh vocals and strident rhythms! I would recommend this CD (and all her music) to  anyone. Whether she's hypnotizing us with whispers or gracing us with her  mighty bellow, Bjork's music is unabashedly a good time.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Is this necessary? This is the GREATEST Rock band EVER at thier best. Roger's vocals are superb. Pete's guitar is amazing. John is simply the greatest bass player ever. And Keith.....well what can we say...he's the  god of rock drumming. Do yourself a favor and buy this masterpiece.
0802130208|5.0|Jones is my favorite character--Ooo-wee!  Jones sees all, and tells it like it is.  I found it interesting that our protagonist--the ultra-critical Ignatious-- held such disdain for Mark Twain, whose  characterizations I find as insightful and engaging as those in this book.   Definitely worthy of the PP.
0780624890|4.0|I wasn't too thrilled with the movie...seemed a bit cheesey, however, I bought the DVD anyway becasue I really loved the extras. The menus are fantastic, and the direcors commentary is really cool... Worth having if  you love discs with extra stuff!
0671004611|2.0|Why are there so many positive ratings for this book? The first 100 pages were good but then it got really boring. After reading further into his book Col. Corso talks in-depth about the history of the circuit chip and  the beginning stages of the computer which has no relevance to UFO's. If I  wanted to read a book about the development of the computer I would of read  the first chapter of my introduction to computers book from college. He  does the same in-depth detail crap in the proceeding chapters that has  nothing to do with UFO's. Another thing that drove me nuts about this book  is his detail description of the Cuban Missile Crisis. Again, if I wanted  to re-educate myself on this matter I would of read an American History  book.<br />I do not doubt the existence of extraterrestrial beings but this  book does not prove to me  their existence anymore than what I already  know. Credibility of Col. Corso? I don't doubt that he was a high ranking  official but I question his story as being the truth. He talks a lot about  &quot;disinformation&quot; and how it was used as a strategy of war in the  intelligence operations. THINK PEOPLE, THIS BOOK IS WHAT HE WANTS US AND  OTHER COUNTRIES TO THINK. I wouldn't doubt that this book was part of the  plan that he and Gen.Trudeau created when they both work together. I can  hear Gen. Trudeau telling Corso in their final days &quot;Well Phil, in  forty years from now you will publish a book about this disinformation to  continue our counter-intelligence plan for years to come so that other  countries will still see us as being the cutting-edge of a technological  government.&quot;<br />The title of this book was totally misleading. I  thought that it would be a book that went in-depth about Roswell and how  the government covered it up. It wasn't like that at all. I think a better  title for his book would have been &quot;American History and  Technology&quot;.<br />I think that Col. Corso was just plain paranoid who wasobsessed with his career in the military. This book was more about Corso's  career than it was about UFO's. Better yet, this book should have been  titled &quot;Bibliography: Col. Phil Corso Career in the U.S.  Army.&quot;<br />Don't waste your time!
B000002J03|4.0|This was the band's name to fame....and a must for all Zeppelin fans. Also a must for all rock drummers who love drum solos. John Bonham delivers one of the most famous solos in history..(Moby Dick).  Well stop reading this  stupid review and buy the album!
B000002MTU|3.0|This long anticipated CD, for me, was disappointing.  It should have been the next best thing to a live concert recording (live studio recording with no mixing) but, in fact, Eric is really not himself here.  He plays  superbly, of course.  Even Eric can't ruin Eric's amazing skills; however,  there are no thrills here and no surprises in the arrangements.  It all  seems slightly tepid and forced.  His voice sounds VERY forced and almost  embarrassing - he does not come across as the soulful black bluesmen he  seems to be trying to emulate.  I don't hate this CD, and, I don't love it  either.  EC did better blues before this album and definitely after this  album - but - this IS an ALL BLUES offering by CLAPTON.  It's great to have  Chris Stainton back on keyboards and Jerry Portnoy's harmonica is stunning.   If you're an EC fan (and you probably are if you're reading these reviews)  then you should have this CD.  It's a great comparison to before and after  (he's recorded all these songs before) and your Clapton Collection would  not be complete without it.  DI
B00000IWVS|5.0|I just recently got into piano playing and became interested in Chopin. I heard a lot of good things about this cd and decided to get it. I was sure it would be really good, but I wasn't even barely prepared for how great  this music really is. A truly inspiring work of art.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|I agree with many people when they say that Jennifer Lopez is a good actress (not great, but good), and is a passable dancer.  I do not, however, think she can sing.  You might argue that the beat in her music is  good, the rhythm, etc.  but SHE CANNOT SING.  The cd is mediocre on the  verge of being just plain horrible.  The first time I heard &quot;If You  Had My Love&quot;, my eyes were rolling and I felt nauseated. I saw her on  the Oprah show and her act just had me cringing.  I mean, come on.  The  Oprah show is pretty sympathetic and would probably applaud if Adam Sandler  sang, so she didn't get booed off the stage.  This album is definitely just  another ego thing, because Jennifer Lopez is, at this stage of her life, a  self-centerd egomaniac.  She criticizes others and claims the dingy Bronx  &quot;couldn't hold [her]&quot; (so for all you enthusiastic followers who  adore her because she's from the Bronx, she doesn't think much of her  hometown), but what she really needs to be doing is taking a long look in  the mirror and do more than admire herself.  Take my advice and spend the  money you'd be spending on this cd and get a manicure or something.
0792151712|1.0|Most of the time I want to see a movie again and agian, even if I didn't like sometimes, however I never want to sit through the drivel known as Titanic again.  First of all DiCraprio can't act at all.  Secondly why  should we care about the miserable lives of two people on the Titanic when  thousands, upon thousands died.  The title Titanic, to me, sounds like a  film about a great ship, that fell to a terrible demise.  Not some love  story between two little insignificant people that no one cared about in  the first place.  The only good part was when DiCraprio froze like a  popsicle.  Unless your a girl who is obsessed with DiCraprio don't watch  this travesty of Cameron's talent.
B000002VCB|4.0|I have always been an APP fan since I was 15.  When I was a teen, this album seemed boring. The only songs I liked back then were &quot; Damned if I Do&quot; and &quot;Winding me Up&quot;. I'm 33 now, and my perception of  this album has turned 180 degrees. First of all it's the only album APP  made that has female lead vocals, as far as I know. Second, The songs are  full of meaning and emotion that as a teen I couldn't see.       Most of  the songs are well orchestrated and pleasing. Yes I am male, and this album  wouldn't  be allowed on  store shelfs from feminists today; but  the honost  emotions and experiences of the writers appear to come out in the songs.        For 5 star APP works try &quot;I Robot&quot; or &quot;Eye in the  Sky&quot;. This album is a noteworthy work to purchase, however.
B000002J1H|3.0|Most of this record suffers from &quot;new-age disease&quot; which tends to render everything sterile.  It is easily confused with &quot;hippy disease&quot; which was prominently evident on all previous Yes records but  is not necessarily fatal--sometimes it even helps (and this is especially  true in Yes's case) stretch imaginations into new areas.  Yes's attempts to  &quot;rock out&quot; on &quot;Going for the One&quot; and  &quot;Parallels&quot; are sure signs of the sell-out to come. Still,  &quot;Turn of the Century&quot; and &quot;Wondrous Stories&quot; are great  songs balanced right on the edge of the new-age abyss (into which  &quot;Awaken&quot; falls). To give this record 5 stars would be a  disservice to the classic 5 that preceded it.
B000003S2K|1.0|I want to say &quot;the Emperor has no clothes.&quot;  Perhaps I'm just not cultured enough to appreciate this?  I don't think so.  It reminds me of some modern art.  The songs are simple and interminable.  I finally got  through the entire thing and I'm proud of myself.  The only thing this is  good for is helping you fall asleep at night.  DON'T listen to it for  entertainment!
B00000DFRS|5.0|I really loved this album.  The hit singles &quot;When You Believe&quot;, &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;, and &quot;It's Not Right But It's Okay&quot; are only the beginning.  The title track is an awesome song.  It has a  really cool laid back feel to it, and you can sense that Wyclef Jean  produced it.  Missy Elloit produced &quot;In My Business&quot;, another  cool song with a kickin' beat.  Other standouts include &quot;If I told You  That&quot; and &quot;I Bow Out&quot;.  This CD is well worth your money.
6304383827|5.0|...and I must say that actually the Paltrow version does adhere more closely to the tone and spirit (and dialogue) of the book.  Only Harriet seems a little too robust in the Paltrow version, but Miss Bates (Sophie  Thompson) is heartbreaking and Mr. Knightley and Mrs. &quot;E&quot; are  wonderful.  I did like Jane Fairfax in the A&amp;E version, but she was  actually physically quite similar to the &quot;other&quot; Jane.  All in  all, you can't go wrong watching either presentation and should treat  yourself to both.
0060392584|5.0|If you ever wanted to know more about the man behind the glam, this is the book for you.  Without the bs of an unauthorized biography, you can get a feel for brian warner through his own words.  written with help in a very  zippy and conversational style, it is hard to put down.  you just want to  know what he is going to say or do next.  I read it in one sitting.
6305508550|5.0|Once again Mike Judge has proven that he is not a one trick pony. The creator of Beavis &amp; Butthead, King of the Hill, and the animated short &quot;Milton&quot;(which this movie is loosely based on), has now made an  attempt at live action. This movie hits home if you are familiar with  corporate America. Everything from printers that eat the very documents  that they are supposed to print to upper managment bafoons are being  spoofed. If there is ever to be a live action Dilbert movie, it will have  to surpass the brillance of Office Space. I'm not sure if people who are  not familiar with an office enviroment will be able to relate to this  humor(which may be the reason this movie didn't do so well even though it  did receive mass critcal acclaim). When I saw this in the theater I was  laughing so hard I couldn't breath, while another couple didn't even crack  a smile! So I believe the crowd that this brand of humor is targeted at is  a select one. Well being part of that select crowd I can say that this is  one of the funniest and clever movies that I have ever seen.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Even though, it isn't a &quot;...Little Pill&quot;, it's still a profound work by one of Rock's true stars. The way Alanis mixes all of her talents into one. &quot;Front Row&quot; , &quot;That I would Be Good&quot; ,  &quot;Unsent&quot;, &quot;So Pure&quot;, and &quot;Joining You&quot; are  the Gems of the CD. Some of the songs bring back feelings from her oldest  CD. &quot;Your Congradulations&quot; (a desperate plea for love) brings  back memories of &quot;Perfect&quot; from &quot;Jagged...&quot;. Even  though it's not as &quot;Perfect&quot; as &quot;...Pill&quot;, Alanis still  deserves &quot;Your Congradulations&quot; on a CD well done.
630460291X|2.0|Kevin Costner was just plain awful in this movie. How un-Robin like can you get?  Of course I was spoiled by Howard Pyle illustrations, but when I first saw this movie at the age of twelve I was shocked most by the fact  that he didn't even have a beard!!!  I thought it was lousy, then years  later I watched it again and noticed just how funny Alan Rickman and  Micheal Wincott were in it as the villians.  The &quot;why a spoon&quot;  dialogue is truly brilliant (well, almost).  Alan Rickman really dominates  this film with his hilarious performance.  He looks like he was having lots  of fun.  I only give it two stars for the lousy performances of the rest of  the cast, and because they killed off Guy of Gisborne way too soon.
078322558X|3.0|I have never seen &quot;Day of the Jackal&quot;, so I do not  have that reference point.  What I do have, and I  think it's worth something, is a history of watching Gere, Willis, Cruise, Van Dam and a host of others who  have acted in classic espionage/terrorist/suspense movies.  If I may be so  bold, I would recast this movie and beef up the story line, which I feel is  rather flat.  This type movie is definitely not a Bruce Willis thing: he's   into A-C-T-I-O-N, and he's definitely out of his element here. It's rather  interesting to watch his  various disguises, but other than his rather  tasteless massacre of the kid who made the cannon stand, there's really not  much for him to do. Replace him with &quot;Goldfinger&quot; or a &quot;Dr.  No&quot; type character.  I enjoy Richard Gere a great deal and have seen  most of his movies since &quot;An Officer and a Gentleman&quot;.  He's a  very good actor, but just cannot pull off being an IRA terrorist, let alone  being Irish.  He stands out like a turkey in white hen house.  Replace him  with Sean Bean, the Irish terrorist who stalks Harrison Ford's family in  &quot;Patriot Games&quot;.  I believe he could pull it off. Next is Sidney  Portier:  he just isn't given much to work with.  His character is almost  superfluous. He's given very few decent lines and, again, a very  spectre-like plot.  Given some beefing up for his character's role by  rewriting some of the screenplay, I think he'd come out OK. The glue and  the gem to this movie, I think, is Diane Venora.  She is very believable as  an &quot;ex&quot; KGB officer (if there is such a thing).  She is  cold-thinking, virtually emotionless, and trusts no one, as a good KGB  high-ranking officer should be.  She does show a spark of emotion for the  Irishman toward the end and I almost wish she had made it, but that would  be too maudlin in a thriller type movie.  Finally, I think Fred Dalton  Thompson ought to be in here some place, even though he is now a Senator.   I think he's superb in the roles he's been given in the past, even though  they've been brief.  Besides, he's from my state and I like the guy, what  can I say?
B00000J2KX|5.0|Perhaps some of the reviewers here are not old enough to remember seeing this one in the theatres, but (un)fortunately I am.  While I was a bit dismayed to see this film was NOT in widescreen, my fears were overcome  upon the first viewing.  It looks as terrific as the first time I saw  it!<br />Pan and Scan?  I don't see any of it myself.  The compositions look  beautiful.  What ratio was this filmed in?  How much can we possible be  missing when scenes look perfectly composed (see the interview sequence),  and I didn't catch any awkward panning to catch the action.  I love  widescreen films, but if every non-widescreen film looked this good,  perhaps I could live without it!!!  It's my understanding that Kubrick  wanted this film (and some of the others in the set) exactly the way they  appear!<br />As to the extras on the set -- a great trailer! I remember the  first time I saw it and it is still creepy to this day (and as far as I  know, it was the only trailer).<br />The documentary (finally available!) is  fantastic and hilarious, but wouldn't have been awesome to hear some of  Kubrick's own thoughts!!!  He's almost absent from his documentary!  Fascinating scenes and interviews!  The documentary alone is worth the  price, especially since this is the only depiction of Kubrick at work that  we have.<br />Ignore the ignorant and ridiculous carping about this film and  buy it!!!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I was not familiar with Sarah's music, and this was a good introduction for me. She is very versatile, and she is VERY good at what she does. This CD got me through an out-of-state move: even the moving guys who were  helping me pack up my stuff were impressed!! Listen to this CD for the pure  pleasure of a live performance - you won't be disappointed!!
0767819594|5.0|This was an amazing video. An awesome collection of talented and really funny people. I loved it I saw it in the theatres and I was not bored for a second. It's funny and awesome you should see it!!!
B000000XB9|5.0|CCR is good American 60's rock with attitude. It's so unique and enjoyable to listen to. Just try to listen to CCR without singing along or at least tapping your feet. And the lyrics are simple, yet true and meaningful. No  filler on this album! Just great music. My personal favorites are Looking  Out My Back Door, Hey Tonight, Up Around The Bend, Proud Mary, and Someday  Never Comes.
B00000I8UD|2.0|Many out there will put this down to over-inflated expectations, but, from its oddball, is-this-a-joke-or-what title to its reliance on pop music cliches both lyrical and musical, Dead Bees On A Cake is a disappointment.  The album does have its moments, but not enough to make it the essential  listen that most of Sylvian's previous albums have been.<br />In its favor,  the Dead Bees On A Cake maintains a mostly warm, intimate feel throughout  (&quot;I surrender&quot;, the first single, is the best example of this),  and there are flashes of past brilliance (&quot;Pollen path&quot; has some  of the feel of Sylvian/Fripp's The First Day album, &quot;The shining of  things&quot; would be right at home on Secrets Of The Beehive, and the  instrumentation of &quot;Praise&quot; and &quot;Darkest dreaming&quot;  recalls Flux &amp; Mutability).<br />On the other hand, too many of the songs  resort to cliches - &quot;Midnight sun&quot;, the 'let me take you down...'  refrain of &quot;Cafe Europa&quot;, and the line 'couldn't leave you if I  tried' from &quot;Thalheim&quot; are prime examples - that make them  somewhat predictable, and &quot;Wanderlust&quot; switches gears into an  uncomfortably American-sounding progression that recalls some of the worst  of late-seventies/early-eighties MOR album rock.<br />Worst of all are the  cliches that have befallen many rock stars once they've found happiness in  their personal lives. He's included his wife in the proceedings (just like  Lennon and McCartney), he's written a boring song for his kid (just like  Lennon, Paul Weller, Eric Clapton, etc.), and he's found Eastern-based  religion and a guru and incorporated elements of both in his music (just  like George Harrison). This is particularly disappointing, especially since  David Sylvian has spent much of his solo career distancing himself from the  usual pop/rock cliches - or at least incorporating them only on rare  occasions, and only when using them gave the songs greater  impact.<br />Finally, the patchwork quality of the album makes it less  enjoyable as an overall experience. It's commendable that not every song  sounds the same, but there does not seem to be even a consistent feel that  unifies the album as a complete work. Sylvian has admitted that other  things distracted his attention away from the music during the recording of  this album; unfortunately, it shows.<br />The final verdict? Dead Bees On A  Cake works quite well if you're just playing it in the background, at  reduced volume, while you're doing something else - but it doesn't inspire  the careful, attentive listening and total immersion of his earlier works.mpact.<br />Finally, the patchwork quality of the album makes it less  enjoyable as an overall experience. It's commendable that not every song  sounds the same, but there does not seem to be even a consistent feel that  unifies the album as a complete work. Sylvian has admitted that other  things distracted his attention away from the music during the recording of  this album; unfortunately, it shows.<br />The final verdict? Dead Bees On A  Cake works quite well if you're just playing it in the background, at  reduced volume, while you're doing something else - but it doesn't inspire  the careful, attentive listening and total immersion of his earlier works.
B000001DV2|5.0|there are times when this cd calls out to me from the shelf, and i really just HAVE to play it.  the energy of &quot;let's get rocked&quot;, the fun of &quot;make love like a man&quot; (have you SEEN the video? hysterical,  no pun intended), and that lusty little ditty &quot;i wanna touch u&quot;  can really get you pumped.  i think &quot;have you ever needed someone so  bad&quot; is a beautiful song (and may i say a beautiful video) and excuse  me, but i even love the cockiness of &quot;personal property&quot;.  def  leppard is a band that has never forgotten how to ENTERTAIN the fans.  i  don't want to be preached to or bored to tears; i want something to drown  out the noise of REAL LIFE and let me escape for awhile.  if you haven't  gotten this cd yet, do yourself (and your psyche) a favor and go get it.   it's just a whole lot of fun ...so....let's get the rock outta here!!
B000001Y42|5.0|Their new CD is awesome, but it still isn't as good as their first offering. This CD is much harder than their new one, and Fred's voice sounds alot more angry, which complements the hard riffs better than the  singing he does in Signifcant Other. It boils down to this: if you're a  casual metal fan, get their second CD before you buy this one, it's easier  to get into and has a cleaner sound. But, if you're more of a hardcore  metal fan, get Three Dollar Bill, $Y'all before you pick up their new one.  It's much harder and you will gain an appreciation for the band.
B000001EHS|5.0|about this cd that it's tenure on the charts hasn't already said?  what an incredible compilation of music.  now, as far as the selection of songs on &quot;vault&quot;, (someone was complaining about certain songs being left  off) that's why they make greatest hits 2, 3, 4 and so on.  these guys have  too many hits to please everybody with just one greatest hits cd.  don't  you just wish you could select the songs for the next one?!?!?  it has been  said that it's a good place for the new fan to start, this is absolutely  true.  it's also true that us old-timers love it for the  &quot;quick-fix&quot; effect.  and &quot;when love and hate collide&quot;  is such a bonus!  beautiful song!  buy this cd, and you will have, well,  not really anywhere NEAR the best of def leppard, you'd need to buy the  other 8 cd's plus a few choice cd singles to get the best of,(get it -  everything they do is the best) but you WILL have a cd that most bands will  still be dreaming of replicating long after they have put down their  guitars and mikes.  buy this cd for just a taste of what being a def lep  fan is really all about.
B000002AVF|5.0|i would like to get this c
B00000IQBL|5.0|This is one of the best Stanley Kubric movies by far! Boys become men and learn the terror of war and at the same time learn to love it. This movie makes you relize what war is all about.
B0000004V2|5.0|I've been listening to The Stone Roses for the last nine years and I've never tired of it. It gets me UP and makes me feel anything is possible. Absolutely sublime.........
6305426651|5.0|Benigni's character is one of love, hope, and joy. The wonderful romance of capturing his wife to be's heart is followed by his demonstration of what love for life, family, and people can inspire you to do.  His courage  came through his comedy, and made us all believe that life is beautiful if  you look at it through the heart as well as the eyes! Grazie et grazie  Roberto!!!!
6305308659|5.0|Apparently many people missed the point of this film. Especially those claim it is propaganda. Anyone who thinks this movie is about special effects or sex doesn't deserve to watch it. The movie relies on it's color  metaphor to depict change and both the concept and execution are flawless.    The DVD has hours of wonderful extra material &amp; if you have a DVD-ROM  you can browse the entire script. Be sure to check out the Fiona Apple  music video &quot;Nothings Gonna Change My World&quot; in the extra  section.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie is out of print, but has a bit of a cult following, because it is so wonderful!  I can't even find it to rent!  Thanks for carrying it for me to buy.
B000009VOL|5.0|repetetive... as so said by some less intune listeners. I find the lyrics most intreguing and love the strumful sound. say what you will. i am a devoted fan.
0316920045|5.0|I am somewhere around page 500 after a month or so since first opening this epic novel.  Initially I read large blocks of text daily but lately I only pick up the book at bedtime.  You can all imagine this is no easy task  given the sheer weight of the  1000 pages.  While some might think this  fragmented style of reading would detract from the enjoyment of the text I  find it perfect!  The imaginative writing style and laugh out loud humor  transport me into the mind of a great and strange writer.  The sections  describing the addictive personality and detailing the withdrawal from  drugs were particularly engrossing. I love the use of language and keep a  small dictionary bedside which I utilize with great frequency.  Flipping  back and forth between footnotes and concentrating on the details of  language lead to a happy but ultimately weary state and I usually tire  after 30-45 minutes each night.  Not only has this book improved my  vocabulary but I am sleeping better than ever.
B0000019PA|5.0|put it this way- if i were trapped in a room with 5 cd for the rest of my life... this would be the first one i picked. it doesn't get old!~ jeff magnum is phenominal and i haven't heard a more talented man in my 16 1/2  years of living.  Aeroplane over the sea has beautiful music and equally  marvelous lyrics. I have introduced Neutral Milk Hotel to all of my  smart-music friends who all like it a great deal!
0767821769|5.0|I'm really tired of popcorn movies that have no soul. Stepmom is a breath of fresh air. You know, I never realized what a good actress Julia Roberts is untilStepmom. Ed Harris is always good of course and seems to inhabit  his character with all of his being. Of course he does this with all of his  roles, but it's just nice to know you can rely on him. Stepmom is about  real life and real people. Give those insipid Hollywood formula films a  rest and see the reason why film was invented, to explore human drama.
B000002H97|5.0|this is arguably one of the greatest albums of all time.  the songs never get old, no matter how many times you hear them...there is always something new to appreciate. agreed, metallica's sound changed radically with this   album, but i think it only improved...all the  various instruments are  clearly heard and  integrated into the music while each contributing  something worthwhile to the whole...i think this is when metallica really  matured as a band, and thus belongs on every music lover's shelf.
B000002C1Z|5.0|In the summary at the top, it said &quot;Animals&quot; is not as &quot;deliciously hallucinogenic&quot; as some of Pink Floyd's other works.  I believe this is one of the more psycadelic albums put out by Floyd.   When I listen to this album it makes me start to think.  A wonderful CD to  go to sleep to.
0800116917|5.0|Never have I seen a film as well directed as this one. The acting and casting are perfect. I highly recommend Lawrence's book, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. It goes into much greater detail than time allows the film. I rank  &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; in my top 6 favorite films along with  &quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot;(also directed by David Lean),  &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;, &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot;,  &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;, and &quot;Raiders of the Lost  Ark&quot;. Not necessarily in that particular order though.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a great album.  If you don't really like this cd then I have something for you to try.  Get toasted and drive around dark windy roads listenin to it.  It is an awesome experience.  This also works great on  MEDDLE especially &quot;one of these days&quot;.
B000003BEV|5.0|Often criticized as a rip off of The Beatles Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band this album has been dismissed by many.  To put it simply this is the greatest piece of psychedelia ever pressed into CD form.  It more than  surpasses Sgt. Pepper or anything ever recorded by any artist in any genre.   It is pure Magick.  It is almost 32 years old and is as fresh and relevant  as the day it was released.  I love it because it is totally original and  it is unlike any other recording ever made.  This CD is the best  representation of what life in the sixties, should have been like, that we  have left.  It's too bad the real sixties didn't measure up to this  blueprint.     Every track on here is a gem.  I won't describe them.  All I  can say is listen to the tracks that you can on your computer and you will  want this album.  A definite departure from the Stones usual sound, you  will love it, too.
0375707972|1.0|I found the concept superficial.  Small book but didn't hold my interest even for that short amount of time.  No depth to the story.
B000002KB8|5.0|This album is truly impressive. There are a few things about it that count against it though. First of all, the version of &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; on this album isn't all that great. The best version of this song is on  Ozzy's greatest hits album entitled &quot;The Ozzman Cometh&quot; (It sould  be noted that the sound quality of this particular track is not that great  but the performance of &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; is excelent, much better  than on the original studio recording). The only other weakness the album  has is the song &quot;Warning&quot;. It's not a terrible song by any means  but it's not as great as the other songs on the album, it is a bit too long  and it can get boring at times. My favorite part of this album is the  guitar solo on &quot;Wicked World&quot;. Overall, a 5 Star Album.
6305229449|5.0|&quot;Mulan&quot; is spirit-lifting and inspiring.  The heroine, less valued by society because she's a girl, struggles for respect and honor without compromising who she is.  Her disguising herself as a boy is not a  contrived and defiant 'thumbing of nose at society' but the only means she  has of preventing her old father's sure death in battle. And the movie is  really about her bravery and courage in the face of adversity and  incredible odds.  I love the way the movie subtly plays with reflections,  mirrors, role-playing and identity-assuming by the characters; such  cleverness in use of motifs are so rare today, even in what movie critics  consider the art-films (or indies).  The central protagonist is Mulan, but  other characters in the movie, such as Mushu, Crickee and Shang, also  courageously struggle to prove to themselves and to others that they are  worthy and honorable, despite others' lack of confidence in them.  How  noble.  This movie has soul.  And it's breathtakingly beautiful.  It's  especially important that this movie be seen today when there are so few  images of people caring about honor, respect and responsibility to others,  whether in popular culture (like movies, tv, or news media) or in society  in general. I know the movie isn't perfect and it has its corny moments,  but I enjoy watching it over and over again.<br />I wish I had seen Mulan more  than twice in the movie theaters.  I own the video and would seriously pay  a lot of money for a widescreen version.
0792156684|5.0|What makes this film appealing is the level of grandeur we see in the innate replica of the ill-fated ship. The costumes of the first class are splendid, and the film captures the regality of the well-born and well-to  do.    But the inaccuracies are that a girl from first class would never  have associated with a boy from steerage, and as the Discovery Channel has  noted, the ship spit in half only after it was completely submerged.       In the character of young Rose, we see a potentially brilliant girl doomed  to lead a wasted life. A modern audience will undoubtably realize the  symbolism in the corset-lacing scene, in which we learn that Rose's mother  is trying to marry her daughter off to a wealthy, shallow brute in order to  ward off impending poverty. Rose is told that her options in life are as  narrow as her stays will soon leave her waistline.I felt glad to see our  plucky, self-reliant young heroine break free at the end, and thought of  how 60 years ago, a certain real-life debutante named Brenda Frazier,who  was then as popular (Or as overrated?) as Leonardo DiCapprio is now was  forced to deal with similar circumstances by the domineering members of her  own family. She later denounced the shallowness of that lifestyle as well.     The news media have revealed that Director James Cameron shares Cal  Hockley's barbaric attitude toward women, and could probably meet a similar  fate if he doesn't reform.     Di Capprio's Jack Dawson was boyish and  charming as the love of Rose's life that she never talked about until the  end.  While I deplored the end in which the older Rose ditched the diamond  necklace(Imagine how many poor and homeless like those she knew in steerage  could have been fed by that thing), I understood it was done to symbolize  her relief at finally unburdening herself after a lifetime of secrecy. I  think she and Jack went too far in the back seat of that stored-away car,  and in the nude sketch done prior to that. But any amature psyciatrist  could see that Rose is rebelling against the strictness imposed on her, and  against a mother who doesn't appreciate her for the potentially brilliant  human being she is. If Ruth DeWitt Buckater ended up as a seamstress, we  feel it served her right, although her reaction to the shrieking victims in  the water after Titanic was submerged suggests that she only made it to the  nearest insane asylym afterwards.But intellectually we understand that she  was a product of her time and class.    Sure the poor are stereotyped just  as the rich are. But we feel more empathy for their plight because they  made up the majority of the ill-fated, which of course included Jack, whose  gift to Rose is a way out from a narrow life, and a sense of direction.    And as a woman who eventually leads a full life depite the disaster that  befell her at age seventeen, I appeciate the way she taught the young,  treasure-seeking whippersnappers to have a little more respect for those  who died on board the ship they were trying to salvage instead of worrying  about a diamond that meant nothing to her,its recipient. The debate of  whether &quot;Titanic&quot; deserves to be on par with &quot;Ben Hur&quot;  as far the the number of Oscars it won is concerned could go on ad nauseum.  But its always an intruiging film to watch.
B000002JOF|2.0|The previous reviewers of this album have overlooked the similarity between the title track and many songs by Leonard Cohen. Both the lyrics, music and overal feel are blatantly derivative of work in Cohen's albums  &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; and &quot;The Future.&quot;
0517122707|5.0|This is such a fabulous and funny book I bought it for all my close friends, wanting to share its specialness with them.  Ignatius Reilly has to be one of the most memorable fictional characters ever invented,  alternately physically gigantic and buffoonish but somehow strangely sad  and pitiable.  The supporting characters, from the &quot;minxish Myrna  Minkoff&quot; to the watering hole &quot;Night of Joy&quot; are equally  finely etched.  The wacky series of adventures Ignatius experiences makes  me wonder how John Kennedy Toole could think of such extraordinarily funny  situations that finally dovetail in a hilarious conclusion.  I was sad when  the book ended because I wanted to keep sharing the lives of these amazing  characters.   If you haven't read Confederacy of Dunces, do so at once!
0553378384|5.0|I have studied and practised astrology for over 20 years, and continue to study and critically evaluate the current literature. Jan Spiller's book is a seminal work. It accurately establishs the life purpose for each nodal  position with astonishing clarity and depth. Her tone is clear and  uncompromising, yet gentle. I winced at some of it, but recognised where I  and others have been, how far we have progressed, and what has yet to be  overcome. And she encourages that overcoming. While she does not spare our  sensibilities, this is genuinely useful information. The most crucial  astrological text this decade - read it and wonder at her angelic genius.
6303014100|5.0|I am no expert, but I KNOW that AP Hill appears in the movie.  He greets Lee and company in Cashtown, outside Gettysburg.  He is outfitted in his signature red shirt.  Look for him.<br />Also, I believe -- again I'm not an  expert -- that it is Divisons in Hill's Corp. that are involved in the  attack on Day One.<br />An Alabama Regiment in Hood's Division attacks Little  Roundtop on Day two.  This is clearly depicted in the movie.  It's not just  Virginians.<br />A great movie.
B00000G1HP|4.0|I believe this album shows that it is still possible, in these present agitated music times, to combine good lyrics with great music.
6304233639|5.0|I went to go see ID4 on July 4th, 1996. It   enhanced the experience the whole way.   ID4 was never meant to be taken   philosophically or literally. The whole point of  the movie was to be entertained, and it is  one  movie you can watch when you are bored   with everyday life and you  want something to  excite you and give you a real adrenalin rush.  ID4 was  a feel good movie. That is all it really   was. It made you want to scream,  &quot;We sure    kicked some Alien Butt.&quot; It was refreshing to  see a  different perspective on the theme, &quot;man  vs. man, man vs. machine, or  man vs, nature.&quot;  It was &quot;Man vs. Alien.&quot; It is not to be  compared  to other sci-fi films, for it pretty much stands on   it's own.  You have an army of men fighting an  army of aliens. That is something you  don't see  everyday!  Although, it was a remake of H.G. Well's &quot;War   of The Worlds,&quot; I believe the writers of the    show were intending to  make it fun and     entertaining, and not deep and profound as it's    predecessor. Compare &quot;The Fly,&quot; 1958 to &quot;The  Fly,&quot;  1986. The remake was by far different  and was deep and profound, unlike  it's own  predecessor, but is considered a great or better  movie than it's  original version.   Cheers!  Rebbecca McGarity
B000006NPY|1.0|this &quot;cd&quot; is pure garbage. this is truly the bands worst albums. it just sounds like a bunch of pansies whining. if you want true smashing pumpkins go buy gish or dreams. if this was just some band who produced  this cd it would be alright, but its the pumpkins. all their music before  this was great, but then they came out with  this music i wanted to quit  listening to them altogether. this album sucks!!!
0780020685|5.0|What can be said about this movie that hasn't been said before many times. If you haven't seen it, buy it now, and see what all the fuss is about. You won't regret it. Magnificent!
0312958455|2.0|Wake me when it's over.  The author was sleeping through this one.  Worse than grass growing.
0783216084|5.0|A wonderful scenerio of every person's nightmare.  It's realistic storyline keeps you out of all water for weeks after.  Characters you grow to love and a town you wish you lived in.  Two huge thumbs up for  outstanding storyline, actors/actresses, and special affects.
6303109950|5.0|Costner's &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; is a very solid (though somewhat innacurate) biography of the legendary figure, but &quot;Tombstone&quot; is a better Hollywood Western Shoot-Em-Up.  Action packed and funny.  Besides,  any Western made after 1980 HAS to have Eastwood or Sam Elliot in it to be  any good.
B000002TQV|5.0|I was late with Radiohead, and got this after I bought the brilliant OK Computer (which is also a must-have). The Bends is very different from OK, (more straight out rock rather than experimental art-rock) but it's just as  stunning. It's moody, gorgeous and intense, and every time I hear it I get  all goosebumpy. It's really meant to be heard rather than described, so  dammit, buy this record now, then go tell your friends!
B000001E7L|5.0|I HAVE NEVER BEEN A BIG FAN OF ANY MUSIC GROUP, I HAVE JUST LIKED EVERYONE. WHENEVER I LISTEN TO THIS CD THOUGH, I AM INDEED MOVED. THIS ALBUM IS MY ALTIME FAVORIT. I LOVE TO SING TO THEM TOO. MY VOICE CAN HIT  THE SAME NOTES AS DELORES IN THESE SONGS. JUST LISTEN TO IT!
0060930349|5.0|This book covers topics, people, and places that a person should have learned in high school but never did.  A best buy.
6301955595|5.0|Everything this director does is magical
0684867621|5.0|This book was not a typical Stephen King horror novel, true.  It was, however, a chilling glimpse into the mind of a terribly frightened young girl.  Some self-proclaimed die-hard Kings fans complain that this book was  just a reason for King to publish or to make money.  I strongly disagree.  This story, depending on the reader can be a tale of terror.  Each reader  experiences something different here.  The writing is such that you are not  just a passive reader, but also a participant in the story, creating for  yourself whatever horrors lay beyond the trees.  I love King's writing  because of his ability to create stories that let the reader's mind take  off.  This book certainly does that!
6304342160|5.0|Can i give Bound a million zillion stars?<br />Everything in this movie is perfect.  The timing, the acting, the plot, the setting, the wardrobe, the make-up, the dolly grips, do you get my point? The intensity of this film  goes thru the roof.  The passion between Corky and Violet again goes thru  the roof.<br />Caught in the middle of all this movie's madness is the  character played by Joe Pantoliano.  He plays a weasely mobster  double-crossed by Violet(Jennifer Tilly) whose undeniable love for  Corky(Gina Gershon) influences her to put her money aside and her life on  the line, all in the name of love.  It's an intense thriller with not one  dull moment, keeping your interest all the way through until the very end.   <br />If I chose the oscars:<br />Best Actress: (Tie)  Jennifer Tilly, Gina  Gershon<br />Best actor:  Joe Pantoliano<br />Best Screenplay: The Wachowski  Brothers*<br />Best Movie:  Bound<br />Totally worth owning.<br />*The Wachowski  Brothers also directed &quot;The Matrix&quot;.
031286504X|5.0|This book was cool.  It was just like a Night Of the Living Dead type movie but with vampires.  the only thing i disliked about it were the short stories at the end.  those i did not read but the novel itself was sweet!
0783229887|4.0|I never even saw any of the other &quot;Chucky&quot; movies.  What drew me to this one was Jennifer Tilly. (She is one of my fav. actresses)  Assuming Jennifer has good taste i figured this movie had to be alright.  I was  right!  This movie plays upon itself as being over the top and ridiculous.   If your half way descent in the brains department you would have already   figured that out.  The last thing in the world you should do is enter this  movie with a preconceived notion that it is going to be a serious thriller.    Jennifer Tilly pretending to be in an old time classic melodrama swooning  over Chucky is an absolute riot.  I love her!  The grand finale had me  cackling like a fool at 2 in the morning when the movie ended.  I can't  wait to watch it again someday.  Brilliant movie surpisingly.
B00000BKE0|2.0|Iron Maiden rules but this album sux!  save your self the money and if you want a good maiden album buy Piece Of Mind or Powerslave.  the only good song on here is Bring Your Daughter To the Slaughter the rest of the album  is very disappointing, you would expect more from Iron Maiden.  buy there  older stuff its much better
6304913176|3.0|The previous reviewer who said this is faithful to the book obviously never read the book.  As an adaptation the movie sucks; taken on its own, it is much better.  Some parts work very well, some are weak.  I found I  liked it quite a bit better on video because I was able to fast forward  through those weaker parts.
B0000024TQ|2.0|I have heard this cd and compared to their other efforts, this cd is only mildly interesting.  Granted it has a couple of excellent songs on it: ie America, Mrs. Robinson and Bookends, but the remaining and surrounding  music is plain filler to my ears.  PSRT is a much more complete cd.  You  can get the best of this cd on their greatest hits cd.  Don't waste your  money, buy their greatest hits and obtain Wednesday Morning 3am and PSRT  for your collection.
B00000IO4J|5.0|The Faculty was excellent!  I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but I made an exception for this (you know the guys?).  The students of Herrington High find out that their teachers are aliens, and the only six left in the  school that aren't aliens to save the world, are totally different!  Josh  Harnett plays Zeke, a regular bad ass who has an awesome car!  Elijah Wood  is Casey the &quot;the geeky Stephen King kid&quot;. Among them are the  &quot;Freak&quot;, popular cheerleader (who is a bitch!), her boyfriend the  Jock, and the &quot;new girl&quot;.  They all use eachothers strengths to  kill the Queen alien and save their friends, families, and the World! This  movie is rated R because of violence, graphic language, and brief nudity  (you see someones butt).  I love this movie.. rent it you won't be  disapointed!
B00000IFP6|5.0|I have only listened to the Seventh and Eighth parts of this cycle (it was given out to subscribers of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra last year).  It was absolutely first rate, particularly the Seventh's Allegretto.  IMHO  this Seventh can hold its own even by comparison with the  &quot;classic&quot; recordings of the symphony by Kleiber with the VPO and  Von Karajan with the BP. Zinman has a remarkable ability to coax such a  sweet, pure, intimate sound from orchestras, which really comes through in  the recordings I heard.  I'm looking forward to listening to the rest of  the cycle.
0316286869|5.0|I love and respect the art of make-up more than anyone else.  I think this book allows an aspiring make-up design artist, like myself, or even just a humble housewife searching for a new face, to play with hundreds of  different looks.  The large glossy photos of the faces that Aucoin creates   allow for any women to try them out on herself.  Kevyn Aucoin gives you all  the basic materials and techiniques you need  to create a look for any time  of day, night, month, or year.  I respect him emmensely for the artistry he  allows us to see in this book.  He is an amazing artist.
B000000OPZ|5.0|Easily one of the best heavy metal / hard rock albums of the 80's, and indeed, of all time.  Here I Go Again is simply amazing.  Still of The Night, Bad Boys and Cryin' in the Rain are awesome.  And that's just side  1.  Incredible album. Buy it, then buy every other Whitesnake CD also. They  all rock.
0451169514|5.0|This is one of the best books ever written my Stephen King.But the sex was unnessacary.It was a great book!It scared the hell outta me!
6300183513|5.0|The reason &quot;REAR WINDOW&quot; isn't available on video/DVD/laser is because it is being restored by the team who restored &quot;My Fair Lady,&quot; &quot;Lawrence of Arabia,&quot; and others.  The new print  should out either in the Fall of 1999 or early 2000. Therefore, MCA  probably doesn't want to repress the old version but no doubt will do the  restored one.
B000002C1X|5.0|This Album Speaks To Me As Few Others Did.<br />For Those Of You Who Didn't Understand The Album: Listen A Couple Of Times More, It Will Sink In.<br />For Those Of You Who Want To Go Even Deeper: Watch The Wanderful  Movie!<br />Flying Vertigo
0871137380|5.0|I could not put this book down.  Amazingly vivid and human account of a horrifying situation.
0553108034|5.0|A &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; is the sequel to &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; and a very worthy sequel it is.  It serves more intrigue, politics, horrific bloodshed and superb writing.  The book is packed with  suspense and fantastic characters, and not all the likable characters are  'good' or 'bad'.  Anyways, buy the book, read the book, love the book and  wait for &quot;A Dance with Dragons&quot;.
0380973464|5.0|Oddly enough, yes.  Compelling characters, elegantly inter-woven plots, and a fascinating suject matter (crypotgraphy) help.  But what really kept my interest was Stephenson's ability to not just illuminate cryptography  and hacking, but to take the peculiar approach to thinking imbedded in both  &quot;fields&quot; and look at the rest of life (sex, relationships,  friendship, pesky inheritance allocations, and so on) through those lenses.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I don't know where to begin....this album is excellent, just excellent. Celine sounds just like an angel. Among the most beautiful cuts are &quot;O Holy Night&quot;, &quot;God Bless Us Everyone&quot; and &quot;O Come All Ye  Faithful&quot;. To those of you who didn't like this album, then can you  explain why it sold three  million in less than six weeks? This will be a  great seller for years to come.
B00000IPAX|5.0|From the mere song clips to the What's my age again? music video. You can compare their humor the work of Weird Al Yankovic.
6303481272|5.0|At first glance you'd think that this is a boring ninja movie that has some dumb plot...well, its not! When I first rented it I thought that it was one of the best anime in years!! Next to Akira,one of the best anime of  all times, it strikes very close. Some adult themes, lots of action, and a  high level of blood and guts. If you like an action packed movie with lots  of twists and turns then brace yourselves with this kick ass movie. An  ultimate &quot;buy&quot; movie....great animation!!!
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is awesome and Dave Matthew's Band rocks and is extremely talented.
6305358567|5.0|I thought this was gonna be a chick flick but I was wrong. I found it really entertaining and bloody and action-filled enough to keep me entertained.
B000002KHY|5.0|this has been one of my all time favorite albums.this is a definate must have.
B000006JQ5|5.0|if you are maiden fan you should already have this
0792156684|5.0|I was amazed that I liked Titanic as much as I did.  Being a Titanic buff long before James Cameron even had the idea of making the movie, I had very low expectations of the movie when I went to see it for the first time.  I  also was extremly disappointed that Cameron was planning on using fictional  characters (i.e. Jack and Rose) in a non fictional setting, fearing that it  would take away from the actual accounts of the sinking.  My fears were  dashed away with the first appearance of the computer generated and  recreated Titanic.  Cameron went to great lengths to have the Titanic  appear as real as possible to the audience and his effort did not go  unnoticed.  When the scene of Titanic's magnificent prow cutting  majestically as it glides across the ocean waves, one feels that the  Titanic is reborn, that she is waiting somewhere to once again ferry  passengers across the Atlantic.  The scene of one of the powerful steam  engines as work in the Titanic sent chills down my spine.  And the  attention to detail in Cameron's neverending effort to replicate the  Titanic above as well below water was tremendous.  The storyline admittedly  was a bit on the weak side, almost too plauged by the ideal romanticism of  poor boy meets rich girl, rich girl falls in love with poor boy, disaster  ends any chances for both of them.  What made the storyline a bit more  plausible, was the tremendous acting of both Kate Winslet and Leonardo  DiCaprio.  Winslet breathes life into Rose DeWitt Bukater, making us  believe that she is the tortured and troublesome soul that she is.   DiCaprio is comfortable as the easygoing, &quot;tumbleweed in the  wind&quot; Jack Dawson.  The only flaw in DiCaprio's acting is that often  at times, I felt that Jack was more of a time traveler on board the  Titanic, rather than an exisiting character.  Billy Zane, as Rose's  self-centered, pompous fiancee, did an excellent job in protraying his  character , as did Frances Fisher, as Rose's unrealisitcmother.  Kathy  Bates as Margaret, &quot;Molly&quot; Brown provided some comic relief and  both Jonathan Hyde-Pierce and Victor Garber as J. Bruce Isamy and Thomas  Andrews, respectively, showed perfect reinditions of these real life people  who we have often read about and have never met.  The ordeal of the Titanic  sinking are haunting.  The images of the third class people being trapped  by overzealous crew members, the heoric effort of Titanic's band playing  on, the struggle to convince people that the boat is actually sinking, and  the painful process of loading and lowering the lifeboats are images that  are brought to life for those who weren't there when the sinking actually  took place.  The unforgettable scene of dead, frozen people in the ocean  after the mighty ship has gone down is one that stays with you, well after  the movie is over.  Cameron does well at the end of the movie to insure  that the audience will better understand the motivations of Bill Paxton's  modern day pirate character and that of &quot;Old Rose&quot; played very  well by Gloria Stuart.  I also enjoyed how Cameron leaves one guessing at  the end of the movie-does Rose pass away in her sleep and meets Jack in  heaven or is she just dreaming?  I think that overall what Titanic offers  for us through Rose and Jack is a way to time travel back through time to  see what life on the Titanic was actually like, being able to catch a  glimpse into the lives of people long ago lost.  James Cameron truly  recreates this lost ship, the &quot;Ship of Dreams.&quot;
0767825411|5.0|What can I say? Top five quotable quote film.  Bill Muray and Dan Ackroyd are at the top of their game.  Goofy, witty, funny, downright hillarious.  A good time and fun for everyone.  &quot;Where do these stairs go?  They go  up.&quot;  If you can't use that in your vague reference conversations then  nothing can help you.<br />If you have any sense of humor at all and/or any  sense of imagination or wonder this movie is for you.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This CD is the best-it was my favorite cd of 1998, and i couldnt believe it didnt win any of the grammys it was nominated for.
1878424319|5.0|I ordered this book because I heard Oprah Winfrey mention it in passing on an episode of her show and I checked the reviews on it here at Amazon to see what other people thought about it.  It seemed like it would be  interesting so I ordered it.  I just received it today and read it  cover-to-cover in a couple of hours.  I had no idea what Toltec was before  reading this book but I'm very greatful for the wisdom it contains.  I will  be reading this book over and over.  I intend to start applying the four  agreements to my life immediately.  I know that they are going to make a  major improvement in my life.  I really recommend this book to everyone.   It is very easy to understand and is a treasure of wisdom.
6305265488|5.0|I love romantic comedies, they're the greatest. This is a really good one to get and I personally don't know anyone who doesn't like it . It's up there with While You Were Sleeping and Never Been Kissed. Drew Barrymore is  really good in this movie too, showing what really  might have happened and  not all that Fairy Godmother Stuff.
0783228570|4.0|It is quite obvious to the average viewer that Brian DePalma's update of the 1932 classic wallows in excess in everything from acting to length.  But did DePalma intend for the film to be a straight-laced action-drama, or  a brutal metaphor for the evil of greed?  Most likely, no.  There is a  campy feel to the whole production, and the actors consequently provide  over-the-top performances.  DePalma's direction is masterful, as always.   His visual wizardry keeps the film moving at breakneck speed, even at 170m.   Pacino has never been so loose, and has never had this much fun.  His  portrayal of Tony Montana is vile and disgusting, yet strangely pleasing  and a riot to watch.  The film spares nothing in its scathing dialogue,  ripe with countless oscenities, and the violence is very graphic and at  times disturbing.  But the film never ceases to entertain.  It's a long  ride, but one you will enjoy and savor.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This CD is a lot heavier than earlier CD's, but that is better-a lot of people haven't heard of &quot;My Favourite Game&quot;, but thats only because the video was banned by MTV.  The Cardigans have released two other  singles which are really big in the UK and Japan-its too bad it doesn't  catch on as much in the USA.  The only track that I really don't like is  11, the instrumental, which sounds sort of weird
6305268177|4.0|It's incredible the harmony the brothers bring with these songs.  So many great hits in one DVD. What I don't understand is why so few concerts by these brothers?  After viewing this DVD, I wanted to see John Travolta in  Saturday Night Fever, Staying Alive and Grease!  Great music!<br />Thank you!
6301095294|2.0|.......The movie sucks.  It really has no point whatsoever, and I really think they were on drugs and experimenting wirth cocaine when they made this film.  If you really watch this movie it has no point, and is nothing  but a bunch of crappy stuff thrown together.  But not that I dont love the  Beatles. They are the best.  The album &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; has  some of their best music.  But this movie isn't the best at all.  &quot;A  Hard Day's Night&quot; and &quot;Help&quot; have some sort of story to  them, and are excellent.
014028009X|4.0|Bridget Jones is light reading and very funny.  Most of us do obsess on something our lives just like Bridget.  I would recommend this book for those who just want to forget about life  and laugh a little at Bridgett and themselves.
0871137380|5.0|Undoubtedly, one of the best books I have ever read. One is always in the action, and once in, the book cannot be surrendered until finished. All in one this book lends appreciation for the chaos, stupidity, and soldiers'  view of battle. One senses the action, fear, loss, bewliderment, anger,  pride, and sadness of the men who took part in this event. One cannot help  but appreciate America's warriors and feel contempt for America's  policy-makers. For anyone interested in the real miltiary, this is a  must-read.
068484267X|5.0|Wow. Could not put this book down. Humorous and sad at the same time.  I loved every page.  Must read!
B00000J2L8|5.0|Very funny film, just as I recall. However the CTHV Packaging lies. The new DVD release I recieved is formattted for TV and not in multiple aspect ration's as filmed - A BIG let down!
B000000OSO|3.0|&quot;Get a Grip&quot; is (in terms of Aerosmith albums)fairly average. It contains a few great songs - 'Eat the Rich', 'Shutup &amp; Dance' but the majority aren't nearly as good. Still worth the money though.
0553275976|5.0|Sherman McCoy grows up to be a real man in Bonfire of the Vanities.  Mr. Wolfe seems intensely interested in ideals of manhood, as they play a prominent role in both of his novels.  With humor and aggressive prose,  Mr.Wolfe portrays manhood and its attendant duties and responsibilities  very well in Bonfire of the Vanities.  And finally, as a role model for us  all, let us not forget Abe Weiss and his noble attempts to bring justice to  Bronx County.
B000002VTE|5.0|Okay, a lot of purists have been giving the band crap for being self-indulgent, and on this album, there's no shortage of that.  But what you have to give them credit for is establishing an identity and a concept  FOR the album, as well as some pretty stellar production and some classic  numbers.  &quot;Cop Shoot Cop&quot; is an arrogant piece of work, but my  favourites are the slower, atmospheric numbers--&quot;I Think I'm In  Love&quot; for one.  The album is actually a four-star affair, but the  packaging and innovation in approach makes it a 5-star set.
B000002J20|5.0|I first heard this album through some high school friends. I had always loved Yes up to that point but when I had heard this I was blown away. I shouldn't admit this, but I absolutely fell in love with this album, which  then had a very profound effect on my inner soul and spirit when I heard it  under the influence of LSD. After watching an interview with the band  members about this album they really needed more time to put this one  together. However, musically it is far reaching in advance of anything then  or now. If that band could come back together and redo it with modern day  technology, it would be beyond incredible. Tales has some really rough  spots, but it is still far ahead of it's time musically and  technically.  Seeing the Tales tour in Boston and having Tales deep in my soul I was  profoundly moved and have never been the same since. Today I am a Christian  minister and I wish I could find musicians of this caliber because I would  have them write something like Tales and have it played in my church. I am  very conservative in some areas but very progressive when it comes to music  and progressive worship.
0783114222|5.0|Although my son is but 2 1/2 years old, I look forward to sitting down one Saturday and having my own special screening of the Star Wars trilogy with him.  Then I'll screen From The Earth To The Moon.  We actually did it! Too  much of our quest for space has been lost to the history books, this movie  is a fantastic way to teach and to inspire.  Why can't I give this 6 stars?
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie was by far one of Jim Henson's most creative and mind-expanding movies. It is great for young readers who wish their siblings to go away (he he) and it is just an overall enlightening and wonderful piece of work!
0385484518|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and was moved by Morrie's sincere acceptance of his situation and his ideas of how we can all be happy.  A time will come when we will all be faced with death, but hopefully we can live our lives  by his example and feel no regrets when the time comes.
B000001Y16|3.0|Unimpressed with the production and guest rappers. Love Pac always, but he can't really dis Nas since Pac himself never made an album as good as Illmatic.
6304466498|5.0|before the movie was into the first 30 seconds of the leader
B0000062GE|5.0|A friend of mine introduced me to Stabbing Westward.  I got the CD, and every time I am in a bad mood I listen to it and it helps.  The lyrics are depressing but they strike to the heart and soul of a person.  The songs  and harmonies are haunting and beautiful.  I highly recommend this CD to  anyone with an appreciation for rock music.
0446605409|5.0|Nelson DeMille wrote an excellent book.  I don't know how he could improve it.  The detective who tells the story always has a smart remark (which isn't always in good taste, considering the circumstances, and generally  pisses a lot of people off).  Several times I burst out laughing.  The pace  never lets up, and even speeds up to almost suicidal in the last 100 pages  or so.  I couldn't put it down (which really cut down on my sleep).  The  ending is supurb.  I don't know how many times I've read a great book only  to get to the end and be let down by a weak conclusion.  This one does not  dissapoint! I'd recommend Plum Island to anyone.
B00000JJQK|5.0|What can you say that hasn't been already said or written about this splendid album.  When I first heard this album in 1966, I wondered &quot;What the heck is this?&quot;  This wasn't about girls, surf and hot  rods.  After a few listenings I couldn't get it out of my head.  The whole  recording is like a dream.  Brian Wilson's arrangements and use of unique  instruments makes for a lasting and memorable piece of work.  It is a  surprisingly mature work for one of Brian's age at the time. Every song is  a gem!  It's the only popular album whose beauty has brought me close to  tears.  If you haven't got this CD in your collection... ...your collection  is not complete.  I can see where Brian Wilson's sensativity could only  lead  to his world of isolation, withdrawal and dissapointment with a world  not as idealistic as he would wish.  After reaching such perfection,  anything else is anti-climatic.
0449004589|4.0|I was really intrigued by the good story of 'The Third Twin' which was my 'first' Follett, so I had to try one more! The Hammer of Eden holds the same level of suspense, and was hard to put away. I liked the way the story  of the FBI hunt for the peaceloving-commune-who-turned-terrorists took many  unexpected turns. This could really happen one day in this crazy world! The  book is written very graphically and would make a great motion picture,  perhaps one day........ The story is all about a very anonymous commune  running a wineyard. The wineyard and their quiet life in a remote valley  far away from all civilisation is their paradise. Then along come plans for  a Power Plant which will need to flood the whole valley, and the leader of  the commune lets his immagination have free room to come up with creative  solutions to save the commune and the wineyard. How about threatening the  Governor with an ultimatum where an earthquake will be created unless he  bans all new Power Plant projects? Impossible? Well, read the book and see  for yourself.
B000002UAO|5.0|I never really fell for  what the Beatles did from Sgt. Pepper on. To me this album and Revolver was the groups high water mark. But its this album i think that produced the best synthesis, especially for ballads. It was  produced when the group was still very much a 'group' and before the  disillusionment and disintegration started to set in with the White Album.  It shows a distinct maturation in complexity but without the orchestral  affectations of some subsequent work. The album is reflective and personal  in theme, and built around an integrated and lyrical structure which gives  a distinct coloration and mood. I find it has the is the most cohesive and  atmospheric album of the lads, even a touch mystical, but then these were  the 60's.
B000002U84|5.0|This remains the Duran's best effort to date.  I can't think of any other album I own that paints pictures in my mind so vividly as this one does.  It brims with all of the glamour, romance, and sentimentality that one can  usually expect from the band, and although they have been heavily  criticized for being fluffy, there really is lots of depth and meaning to  their songs if one is simply willing to listen closely.  This album is the  true essence of Duran Duran.  A classic.
B00000420F|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this album, specifically because Ms. Bartoli performs songs familiar to anyone who has studied voice.  Her renditions of the classic pieces many take for granted are breath taking.  Although Ms.  Bartoli is admittedly dark in her lower register, I did not consider this a  negative quality in this collection, particularily because every phrase she  sings (even those that are repeated as in Gia Il Sole Dal Gange) is unique  and endearing.  I'd certainly recommend this cd to sopranos!
0800141385|5.0|The movie, FUNNY GIRL, is one of the BEST movies in the world!!!!!!!!!!!  I think Barbra Streisand did an OUTSTANDING job playing the role of Fanny Brice!!!!  She is my most FAVORITE ACTRESS IN THE WOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!!    The movie was so good!!!  I saw the movie 5 times!!  The movie will make  you laugh so hard!!!  In other parts, it will make you want to cry your  eyes out!!!!! My 4 favorite songs were, &quot;My Man&quot;, &quot;Don't  Rain on My Parade&quot;, &quot;People&quot;, and &quot;I'm the Greatest  Star&quot; I recommend this movie to ANYONE who loves comedy, music, and to  any Barbra Streisand fans!!!! I also reccommend the frequel, FUNNY  LADY!!!!!! **  This movie is a MUST-SEE movie!!!!!!!!!!
6301543408|4.0|William Shatners debut as a movie director isn't too bad. The story is okay, the film is entertaining, the characters each have at least one good scene to be remembered - but on the other hand the FX are simply hideous.  Some effects (e.g. the Barrier) looked better in the series! Still, I like  this movie.
B000002L9O|3.0|'Somebody Put Something In My Drink' and 'Bonzo Goes To Bitburg' are great Ramones classics and the rest of the album is a mixed bag -- but with a few surprises worth discovering ('Love Kills' -- a heartfelt tribute to Sid and  Nancy by Dee-Dee, 'Freak of Nature', 'Hair of the Dog' and the anthem-like  'Something to Believe In' are all good songs). 'Animal Boy' (the song) is  considered a hit by Ramones standards, but ultimately isn't anything  special, and both 'Apeman Hop' and 'Crummy Stuff' are dreadful after  repeated listenings. Overall, theres enough here to merit a reserved  recommendation.
6303201954|2.0|This film has good visual effects, but I think it is boring as hell! (I almost fell asleep when I saw it the first time) Also, the characters do not act like they used to in the series. Unbelievably, the FX are the best  of all the first five movies.
0767802810|1.0|It's boring and slow. What else is there to say
B000001Y5X|4.0|MAR1LYN MAN5ON has progressed both musically and lyrically since this album and is probably more in touch with what he's about but this album is still damn good.<br />Each album suits a particular mood...or puts you into  one and I like the sampling on it.<br />It's not as polished as his AntiChrist  Superstar or Mechanical albums but perhaps the rawness is what makes it  relevent.  A couple of the tracks are dire though but overall still a great  recording.<br />You can never have enough Man5on music...I wish he would make  like 10 albums a year!  Sweet dreams are made of this.
078401020X|1.0|Why release this on DVD without the extra footage???? I would rate this as a pointless purchase until the director's cut come out on DVD....if it ever does.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Live concerts were made for the CD I always say. This is perhaps one of the best concert recordings ever. Songs like 'Siberian Kathru' and 'Heart of the Sunrise' really stand out.    One thing that I have noticed about  YES live recordings as opposed to others is that they often have one song  flowing into another so that you have the feeling that you are really there  as opposed to listening to something that was done in a recording studio.     It's worth buying it as a good intro to the band as well as to how good  music really was in the 1970's.
6303921248|5.0|I could watch this series of videos everyday. They are as good as the book and show Jane Austen's style perfectly. The story is full of twists and turns and keeps you guessing about who exactly is the real villain. If you  liked Sense and Sensibility, you'll adore Pride and Prejeduce.
0812548094|4.0|Stone of Tears was a fun book to read.  I haven't been pulled along a story like this since the Shannara series. There's a couple of twists I particularly liked.  The first twist was the return of the collar.  The  second was Gratch, I luuuuuug Gratch! The two reasons I can't give this  book 5 stars are: 1) there is too much storyline that reminds me of Wheel  of Time, and; 2) the book concludes too quickly without giving certain  story elements the attention they deserve. I sure like Richard more than  that mean ol' Rand al'Thor!
6305291489|4.0|The quality of the story is suberb and the acting is excellent.  The quality of the print used for the digital transfer leaves a lot to be desired, however.  There were too many artifacts like dust, streaks and  other tell tale signs of dirt for a film this new.  There are also dropouts  in the 5.1 digital feed which were annoying.
6302886228|5.0|i really love the songs on it,especially,&quot;emotionally yours&quot;which is sung by the o'jays.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido has nothing to do wth Sarah McLalhan or Everything But The Girl.  She has too much to do with Ebba Forsberg, only much better.  Hmmm ... Ebba's album is titled &quot;Been There&quot; ... should be the way around ...  Ebba has &quot;no angel&quot; on her production while Dido repeats her work  but on a grander scale ... it is Dido who not only has been there (on that  genere of music: grave sounding young alternative MTV 2 chicks) ... of  course, it's a lie to say Dido started this genere ... she did not ... Ebba  did.   Dido is too much of a great artist.  So is Ebba.
6304211740|3.0|The screenwriters tried to shorten the story by cutting corners, and in doing so, ruined large parts of it. Too much of the story is left untold, making it hard for people who haven't read the book to fully understand  what's going on. One of the reasons the book is so wonderful, is its detail  and explanation - both of which are left out of the film. William Hurt,  however, made a surprisingly good Mr. Rochester.
B00000JG41|2.0|I heard this albumn expecting the compositional genius of Disco Volante, but what I got was much, much worse. This was the most pathetic attempt at commercialism I have ever heard. These guys were wacky jazz gods, this pop  drivel works only good as a frizbee down at the park. All you guys giving  this 5 stars ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Loyalty is not relevant  when bands change genre.
0375707972|3.0|i cant figure out whats so great about this book. i read the triumph and the glory because it was mentioned favorably by a lot of people and it was great.  but the reader left me bewildered at its lack of direction.  what  was the point of the theme?  i'm going to read back through the reviews and  see what more is said and maybe try reading it again.  i just got to be  missing something somewhere . . .
B00000JCB2|5.0|tHIS IS AN AWSOME CD. iF YOU LIKE THE COMBONATION OF RAP METAL. you will love this cd it really kicks a**!!!! me and my friend jay hoss seen them live at louisville and they rocked the mother f***** house!!! if you ain't  got this cd get it fool! three dollar iz even better!!!!!!!!
0380973464|4.0|Reading The Triumph and the Glory has got me interested in WWII and when I heard about Cryptonomicon I ordered it from Amazon right away.  Wow!  It is quite a book.  I was pulled right into the plot and didn't come up for air  for almost what, 1000 pages ?  I haven't read any of Stepehnsonson's other  stuff but I plan to now, he can really tell a story.  Excellent!
6305428042|5.0|This film is very enjoyable for watching again and again.  Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker and Kathy Najimy are funny and do an excellent job! I have the tape and cannot wait for the DVD.
6303979882|5.0|This movie is just brilliant! It's amazing! It's about four girls who meet up twenty years later and it's just brilliant! Most of it is set in the summer of 1970, and it's great fun to watch. My favourite character was  Samantha, played by Gaby Hoffman at 12 and Demi Moore at 32. I liked the  other three as well: Teeny (Thora Birch, Melanie Griffith), Chrissy  (Ashleigh Aston Moore, Rita Wilson) and Roberta (Christina Ricci, Rosie O'  Donnell). All the actors were great and it's a star-studded cast featuring  Janeane Garafolo and Brendan Frasier in cameos. There's only one actress  making her debut, Ashleigh Aston Moore, and she gives a stunning  performance as 12-year-old Chrissy. You will do anything to get your hands  on this video!!!
6302798450|5.0|Sam and Ivan Raimi are the two biggest heroes of all time after writing this movie. I've seen countless people come to tears while watching this classic. Bruce Campbell displays a phenomonal acting talent as the lead  character: Ash.There are too many hilarious parts to mention, but let me  end this review with some words of wisdom from Ash: First you wanna' kill  me,now you wanna' kiss me...BLOW.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is one of the most diverse and beautiful albums I've heard this year. I am a big fan of Africa Bamba (with the Toure Kunde riff here, for people who know Toure Kunde), Smooth is very nice and I have never heard Rob  Thomas sound any better, and Maria Maria is one heck of a song with a  catchy hook and, as usual on EVERY song, great gituar by Carlos. This cd is  worth the effort. But for a few songs like The Calling and Wishing It Was,  who gave me no excitement or inspiring feelings like the others, there is  no better album this year, so far.
6304233639|1.0|This is probably the worst science fiction film ever shown at a theater. I rented it when it first came out on video to give it a second chance. It was even worse the second time. The only good thing about Independence Day  is the always reliable Jeff Goldblum.
0679805273|5.0|I first heard this book read on a radio program while driving, I had tears in my eyes and knew that I had to buy this as a graduation present for my daughter who was to be graduating from college in a week.  My descision was  based on the fact that she learned to read using Dr. Suess before entering  kindergarten, why not end her scholastic career with Dr. Suess.  She loved  and apprecatied the gift and I'm sure she'll share it over and over with  her nieces and nephews and her own children someday.  It's so to the point,  you have shoes on your feet and brains in your head....
6304032579|5.0|This movie brought James Bond back to a block buster hit once again!  This movie is one of the best James Bond movie ever made! What are you waiting for?  Buy it!
0812550706|5.0|The day I spent reading Ender's Game, I *was* Ender ... Card is one of the most gifted science fiction writers and story tellers I've read.  Although the world described in Ender's Game is so different to the current world  that it almost seems alien, the emotions and human drives and fears are  definitely nothing new.  Yet they are presented by Card with such an  amazing freshness and originality that one can't help but be drawn in.   Ender feels like a real character because there is a little of Ender in  each of us, or at least we wish that there was.
630287789X|4.0|I thought it was a terrific movie. I felt like I had every one of Cruise's phobia's when I was his age.  And when he's frantic to get out of class and the clock somehow goes back a minute--I've been there, too. Besides  Cruise's charm, Curtis Armstrong is funny as his friend who worries about  his midterm while being chased by Guido, the killer pimp.  I lived in  Chicago then and a photographer friend told me that the hookers at the  party were Chicago fashion models. One of the models was Candace Collins,  who did some work for Playboy before an interviewer asked her if it was  sexist and she answered yes. Then the magazine dropped her like a rock.
0812550757|5.0|This is the second book I've read by Card (the first being Ender's Game) and as with the first I read it in one day.  I did not eat, sleep, and refused to go out because I had to know what happened to Ender and the rest  of the characters ... Card is an amazing storyteller and this story is one  of gut-wrenching truth and compassion.  More people should read and  understand what a Speaker for the Dead truly is.  Definitely a must read  and yes, it can stand alone without Ender's Game.
6300216365|5.0|Still my all-time favorite Woody film (Bananas is No. 2). I thought the premise was genius. Tony Roberts is great as the phone-obsessed businessman and Diane Keaton is charming as his too-sweet wife. I also liked watching  Woody dive back into the dating scene and somehow strike out with a  nymphomaniac.
B00000FC5H|5.0|The best single CD collection of Earth, Wind &amp; Fire hits.  I wish Columbia would send a copy to the know-nothings at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame who continue to overlook this great band.
6304578482|3.0|It was cute and fun, but lost all credibility when Lisa Kudrow claimed she was Mary and Mira Sorvino  was Rhoda. Lisa's best line: &quot;College -- good one!&quot;
6303920713|5.0|This is a very goods movie&gt; It shows what teenagers are really goin through with nowa days. It it's not just in the ghettos It everyweares even in my neighbor hood. You cant esven go to school without getting shot at.  What is this world coming to
B0000027RL|3.0|A great album from my favorite band...I've had it since '92 and used to listen to it constantly. But now, 7 years later, I find myself enjoying PJ's later offerings much more. Ten is Pearl Jam at their loudest and  angriest. But every subsequent album had better and better songwriting and  lyrics. Vedder's range improves with each new album and the rest of the  band has learned probably the most important lesson in rock: when to let  loose and when to show restraint.  Vs explodes with blistering punk pop.  Vitology sways with tight, catchy rockers. No Code shines with weary  ballads and shimmery guitar assaults. Yield struggles to bring all these  elements under one roof. PJ didn't start off great and slide downhill...it  started off great and got better.  If you buy only one PJ album, it should  be Live on Two Legs, the recording off of their last tour.  Hear Pearl  Jam's best songs the way they were meant to be heard, with Vedder and Co.  playing their hearts and souls out in front of a sold-out, screaming  audience....
B000001DU5|5.0|This was the hippest band in my teenage years. The first time this album got released, I grabbed it fast and never cared about the outrageous price. I just had to have it and it still works magic on me to this day. The  danceable songs get me going on my workouts at the gym. You'll never regret  getting this gem.
0553573411|4.0|If half stars were available I would award book 2 of the &quot;Farseer Trilogy&quot; 3 1/2 stars, rather than a full 4.  While Hobb continues to improve upon the strengths of her first book - outstanding and mature  characterization and attention to detail - other elements, such as her  exploration of Skill and Wit remain, in my opinion, unfully realized.  In  addition, the plot decisions by certain characters in the tale hardly seem  creditible to intelligent and worldly men and women aware of Regal's intent  towards the throne.  Finally, as good as Hobb's character development is,  it is nonetheless limited by her choice of first person narrative, which  confines the story's perspective to one level and prevents the reader from  experiencing the richness in both character and storytelling available from  multiple perspectives.<br />Nonetheless, this is a very well written and  engaging tale which I shall continue into book 3.  However, so far, it does  not approach her work in &quot;Ship of Magic,&quot; and is certainly not  worthy of all the 5 star praise found herein.
0385493800|5.0|I have read every Grisham novel and this by far is the best I have read.  It is however, not his usual New Orleans based novel, but wow!!!  What a great book.  I have two small children, so my time is very limited.  I  finished the book in three days, I couldn't put is down.  You can't go  wrong with this book.
6305428298|5.0|Little Voice, a small person crushed by circumstance and those with whom she lives, discovers hidden talents. Skils that have lain dormant come to the fore bringing major changes to her lifestyle, her relationships and her  perception of her self. The Little voice grows wings, learns how to fly,  and soars over the adversities that she had suffered.
B000007SPT|5.0|Excellent songwriting combined with breath taking vocal performances makes this great for anyone into emotional music.  I first heard '...Siren' on Lost Highway, and i had to have this.  simply phenomenal!!!!
0792837983|4.0|i just watched this the other day and found it to be better than the newer jeremy irons one. many people forget that the book LOLITA was intended to be a SATIRE, a look at that pathetic and perverse mind of a pedophile. yes,  the lolita in this movie was too old, but i believe thatt he dominique  swain lolita was way too sexualized.  we tend to forget that humbert  humbert is the one telling the story, and of course, in his eyes, lolita is  a nymphet. to any normal person, lolita is a typical and often vulgar  pre-adolescent.  i liked the shelley winters characterization because she  actually evoked sympathy from me. james mason was great as the smug  humbert... i loved it.
B000001BX0|5.0|I've been to the Roskilde festival, and there they kicked ass on every other band in the whole 4-day festival. They were amazing. And the concert was really intens, from start to end. I bow in respect!!!!! And their cd is  awesome, one of my best one's yet!!!  And Puto is a classic!
B00000GUZP|5.0|Deborah Harrys voice is flawless on every track, smooth, sexy, sleek, edgy-pop at its best.  Contains elements of rock, jazz, R&amp;B, POP, this album has some of Miss Harry's best work.
0440224764|4.0|Once again, John Grisham does an amazing job of keeping us in suspense until the very end.  The characters are well developed, and the plausibility of the plot is to be commended.  It is a must read for all  Grisham fans!
0790738139|5.0|If you're looking for an action movie, skip this one. It's not intended to be a shoot 'em up, blow 'em up Hollywood production. If you enjoy interesting characters, complex plots, and amazing period detail, this  movie may be for you. The best thing about this movie is the airtight plot.  Many movies, at the end, leave us confused. There are either big holes in  the plot or it doesn't make sense at the end. This movie ties up all the  subplots into a satisfying ending. Also, there are some major surprising  twists. When I saw this in the theater a scene involving K.Spacey had a  shock so big I nearly jumped out of my seat. This movie deserved to win the  Best Picture Oscar, but I believe that it lost because it wasn't as  emotionally involving as Titanic. Also, if you have the chance, watch  Chinatown, another film noir classic.
6304140428|3.0|As i sit here and enjoy the cocktail of the hour, &quot;diet coke and spiced rum&quot;, i recall the night i watched &quot;Who's afraid....&quot;  A love letter to all the alcoholics of the world!, this film tended to be  a bit long winded (like an alcoholic i'm afraid).  The acting was  marvelous, but the wear and tear of the traumatics in this movie were a bit  too much to deal with at times.  <br />Burp!
078062551X|4.0|When I see a movie, it's not often that I'm blown away by the sheer imagination of it. Most movies forget to be imaginative. Heck, most movies don't even make you think. This one is an exception. First off, the visuals  are spectacular. The city scapes are dark and gloomy, but what sets them  apart from movies like &quot;The Crow&quot; or &quot;Bladerunner&quot; is  that &quot;Dark City&quot; uses the style of the 30's &amp; 40's. There are  some inventive special effects during the &quot;tuning&quot; of the city  which are wonderful. Some of the characters could have used more fleshing  out, particularly Emma Murdoch (Jennifer Connelly). Although I'm not going  to quibble with that because of other characters that are made memorable  because of the performances. Watch for the mad detective, Richard O'Brien  (Riff-Raff from Rocky Horror) as Mr. Hand, and Bruce Spence (Gyro Pilot  from Mad Max movies) as Mr. Wall. Alex Proyas has certainly set a high  level for himself and I can't wait to see what he comes up with next. If  you missed this one at the theater, you missed out. The opening bathroom  scene was gorgeous. Not because of Mr. Sewell's behind, but because the  colors were so vibrant.
630441403X|5.0|\\"Leaving Las Vegas\\" is a work of art. It's one of my favourite films. Metophorically speaking, it's like coming out of a club at closing time, the bright lights come on and your true self is exposed. This movie captures the nature and mentality of an alcoholic. It's not depressing, it's a reality that has been confronted and candidly projected on film, and skillfully acted out by Nicholas Cage.  He captured the essence of an alcoholic and brought to life the struggle of a lost soul who has given up on life.  Elisabeth Shue also does an admiral job playing his love interest.  They both shined in this film, and I'm happy Nicholas won the oscar.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez is the perfect new hit. When people badmouth it, they really don't know what they are talking about. That style is so in right now, and she fits in perfectly. It is great that she has such a mix of  songs, instead of all the same type; that is really lame and boring when  artists do that. Let's see ALL of what they can do!!!!!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I don't claim to fully understand everything that Alanis is trying to say, but every song sounds great.  It is entirely different from Jagged Little Pill, as it should be(don't get me wrong, I loved JLP).  She has gotten a  lot of her rage out and her message is much more mature now.  I find that  this is the only CD I've ever bought that I can't get tired of listening  to.  The one thing I will say (that most people probably don't like) is  that a lot of the songs will depress you, but who wants to be upbeat all  the time.  We need to experience a full range of emotions to live life  fully, and Alanis really gives you the darker side like no one else can.   Thank U, Can't Not, Would Not Come, and Joining You are my favorites.  I  can't wait for the next CD.
0790737345|1.0|It was more like watching a documentary! all these sites and the music, very little talking on the part of the actors. The more annoying thing bout this film was having to watch the cold performance by Cage. Add to that:  who on earth have even conceived the thought that  all angles live in a  library building????? This title is definetly not worth the money or the  time.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book when it was first printed in 1997 and so loved the message and the messengers that I wanted everyone I cared about to own a copy.  I have just purchased my 31st gift copy.  No home should be withot  one.
B000003S2O|5.0|It's part of our earth and brine bodies. We tread on it. We wade through it. We soar upon it.<br />I have used this music on several occasions to remove groups of people from their familiar surroundings and put them in  touch with where they were NOW. <br />How many times have you traveled to a  remarkable place with a group of people you know and instead of  experiencing the uniqueness of the moment, the group drags along its  familiar associations and interactions? If you are in search of the  miraculous, the above situation can be intolerable. Change people's  perceptions about who and where they are with this music. Cause them to  examine their surroundings with innocent eyes. Cast aside the baggage and  explore. <br />I used to drag a solar-powered cassette player down to the  remote lagoons of the Baja California dessert when on group excursions.  After an all-day drive, while others were complaining about being hot or  tired or thirsty, the people that had ridden in the car with &quot;On  Land&quot; playing were walking among the dunes finding art, washing each  others feet in the cool clear water, making tea, and gazing at the  sky.<br />Define your own reality with this music.
6303122647|5.0|I absolutely love this movie.  It is on my top 10 of all time.  I love it so much i can't watch it all the time because i don't want to ruin it or wear it out.  It is a movie for adults actually.  They are the ones who can  truely appreciate it for what it is.  A genuine masterpiece of utter  perfection.  And the music?  What about the music?  It's really spooky and  cool!  <br />Watching Nightmare Before Christmas is like going on a really  cool ride at Disneyland.  It brings you into a fantastic world only equaled  while dreaming.  Thank you Tim Burton for creating this wonderful  movie!<br />Try watching the t.v show &quot;The P.Js&quot; if you like this  type of animation.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is by far my favorite Maiden album.  Aces High is awesome.  Losfer Words is their best instrumental.  I'd have to say my favorite song is Flash of the Blade and my least favorite is 2 Minutes to Midnight, and I  love even that.  You gotta get the enhanced CD's - Maiden really cares  about their fans.  I can't wait to see the reunited Maiden!! UP THE  IRONS!!!!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I found this album to be easier to listen to than JLP.  In JLP, I thought that Alanis did too much screaming and bitching.  I always said that she needed to grow up and stop complaining.  And she did.  This album shows it.   She did some major soul searching and found something in her heart to  write about.  I think that this CD is a must for those who wanted more out  of Alanis.  If you still want to live in the past and scream your guts out,  then by all means stick with JLP.  If not, then I suggest getting this CD.   You won't be dissapointed.
B000001FA4|5.0|U2 have always been a band of epic vision and  uncompromising vision.  From their first album, &quot;Boy,&quot; right on through 1997's &quot;Pop,&quot; they have continued to progress as songwriters and  musicians.  While albums like &quot;War,&quot; &quot;The Joshua Tree,&quot;  and &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; are heralded as their best ever (and believe  me, they are indeed remarkable feats), there's a certain quality about  &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; that makes it, in my opinion, U2's  greatest achievement.  I have never heard a more beautiful, haunting, or  thought-provoking album.  The amazing opening track, &quot;A Sort of  Homecoming,&quot; sets the tone for the rest of the album.  Never has  Bono's singing been so impassioned, and his lyrics so personal and full of  emotion.  The rhythm section is unmatched in their excellence (as usual),  and the Edge shows why he's a true guitar visionary.  The key tracks are  absolutely stunning, but lesser-known favorites such as  &quot;Promenade&quot; and &quot;Elvis Presley and America&quot; (featuring  a beautiful, wavering Bono vocal, one of his finest ever) really do the  trick for me.  The album's finale, &quot;MLK,&quot; is one of the most  moving songs I've ever heard, and believe me, I've heard just about  everything from everyone in my time.  This ending song reduces me to tears  every time I hear it.  It truly touches a chord deep within my soul, and is  a heart-wrenching tribute to the aforementioned Martin Luther King, Jr.,  who is the subject of the hit &quot;Pride (In the Name of Love)&quot;, an  equally marvelous track.  Do yourself a favor and buy this timeless classic  today.  Even if you aren't a bonafide U2 fan, you will marvel at this  stark, haunting, and simply heartbreaking masterpiece.  A remarkable  achievement that, 15 years later, truly stands the test of time.   Unforgettable indeed.
630518299X|2.0|When I found out Jim Carrey was devastated upon hearing the news he was not nominated for an oscar for his performance in &quot;Truman&quot;, i wondered what all his fuss was about.  Gee Jim, whatcha gonna do now, run  off and kill yourself?  Get over it and stop pouting, your performance  wasn't that great and to make matters worse the entire movie was certainly  not worthy of any oscar recognition in my opinion.  Fact of the matter is,  &quot;Truman Show&quot; is a mediocre film about a man being watched by  millions of onlookers.  Well let me tell ya, this onlooker would have  changed the channel, okay!
B00000JGHM|5.0|I had the pleasure to see Heat at least 7 or 8 times at one of the biggest theatres in Los Angeles, The Village.  What blew me away was the sound and I'm not talking about the level. Sound as most in the industry know is  probably the most difficult facets of any production. I brought at least a  few of my friends with me and they all agreed the sound was awesome. You  could feel the gun battles not to mention the intensity of a jet blast.  This wasn't the only thing I liked about Heat it's just what stood out.  Michael Mann has that look of authenticity to his work that is always well  researched and real life. He's taken Heat one step further and on a bigger  scale than his classic film 'Thief'. The shootout scene is  as close to  perfection as any director can achieve. As advertised in the one sheets,  &quot;A LA Crime Story!&quot;
B00000JPH5|5.0|I feel like I have been waiting forever for this movie to be re-released. Bowie's best role ever. It's as exciting as it is funny. It's a movie I grew up with and I think adults will enjoy it just as much as kids. For  anyone who's ever had a fantasy, (and anyone who's ever had a fantasy about  David Bowie) this is all your most elaborate dreams on-screen. Five stars,  two thumbs up, or whatever you use to rate things.
6301640659|3.0|While this film was extremely controversial and a complete critical failure when released in 1980, it would be recognized today as a very brave and adventurous film.  After hearing so much about it, I had to see it, and  it wasn't all that bad.  The script is not that great, and the film's  depiction of homosexuals is offensive and offputting, but Pacino and  Sorvino turn in fairly solid performances.  The film has a dark, gritty  feel to it, which adds to the eerie feel of the production.  Trust me,  there's worse films out there.  &quot;Armageddon,&quot; for example.
B000002MTU|4.0|This is one of the better CD's that EC has released in awhile.  Being a fan of the blues, I really enjoyed this disc and think it was a good effort from EC.  Tore Down and Motherless Child are probably the two standout  songs on this disc. His cover of Hoochie Coochie Man also deserves a good  listening to.
B000006NPY|5.0|Adore is one of the finest works of Pumpkins music ever to hit the shelves.  It proved that the Pumpkins never repeat themselves.  Many have used the term &quot;selling out&quot; when this album debuted, only because  it wasn't &quot;rock.&quot;  But the truth is, the lyrics, and the music  reflect an evolution in Billy Corgan's vision.  If the Pumpkins took  Melancholly a step further, they would have made millions over MCIF, but  this album as everyone knows fell short of expectations.  This proves that  the Pumpkins did not sell out.  It is Apaulingly understated by SP fans  everywhere.  Those who like the Pumpkins but don't like this album need to  look inside themselves...do they like the Pumpkins for who they are, or  just the rock music hype?  I seriously think that this album should be  given a chance. Don't look at the style of music it may or may not be, and  don't let it conflict with a  music genre you categorize yourself with.   This album is as emmotional and meaningful as Siamese Dream was and is.   Don't miss out on this piece of musical evolution before the 5th SP album  is released, or you'll never forgive yourself for not expiriencing the  missing link!
0671043919|5.0|Uncanny!!  As one generation of paratrooper (and Gulf War Vet) to another, &quot;Well done, sir.  Well done&quot;.  Ambrose captures the spirit of the Airborne as only an insider can.  His accounts of the attitudes and espirit  de corps of 60 years ago ring as true to today's Airborne soldier, as to  those upon who's shoulders we stand.  He captures the naivete and youthful  arrogance of elite troops and how it is later tempered by the brutality and  absurdity of war.  He brings WWII (and war in general) down from the  sterile and dispassionate analysis of maps and plans to the level of the  common soldier.  His discriptions of everything from both the self-serving  and selfless attitudes of the officers above him to the motivations and  fears of the common soldier are absolutely dead on.  &quot;Stand in the  door&quot;!
6302206294|5.0|Robin Hood is a story of Good and Evil. The way the cast of Robin Hood:Prince of Theives did it was wonderful. The sceans where awsome, the new char. where great add in's to make the story interesting. I would  recomend this story to young and all. May not be for the ones who don't  like gore.... ;-)
B000002MFE|5.0|This album is strong from start to finish, no weak or filler material here.  From the heart-wrenched tribute &quot;Tears In Heaven&quot; to his son, to his total makeover of &quot;Layla&quot;, EC shows us why he is  considered one of the greatest, if not the greatest, guitar player in the  world.
B00000BKI4|5.0|This is, without any doubt, the best Mercury Rev's effort. The songs are focused, extremely well-played, and ethereal. Highlights? &quot;Endleslly&quot;, &quot;Goddes On a Hiway&quot; and &quot;Tonite It  Shows&quot;. But the whole record is excellent. Buy it, without any fear.
B000002LFU|5.0|I love this albums covers. &quot;I will be the one to knock them down.&quot; The Wrong Child is depressive but very beautiful song. R.E.M. canceled their concert in Finland 1995/6 and I am bitter(sweet) for that. I  have to admit that I love Leonard Cohen more.<br />What is the number  &quot;4&quot; on letter &quot;R&quot; at the cover of this album? Beautiful  Cover!
0790729725|2.0|DVD Edition: A great film severely marred by the fact that you have to flip the disc. Technically, the transfer is pretty good suffering from only a few artefacts and banding. Good players will make up for this.<br />In the  final analysis though, I believe consumers should not have to stand for  flippers. Given the lack of additional material to make up for this, you  shouldn't buy this disc until they reproduce it on a dual layer disc.
B000002L9B|5.0|It's somewhat interesting to see some Prince fans who do not like this album. I think this is a work of genius, and still sounds very fresh every time I hear.
B00000FCBC|4.0|I thought Metallica began doing a downward slide WITH and Justice for All. <br />Their first few albums (Kill em All, Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets, Garage Days) were excellent.  Justice and the Black album held my interest. Load and Re-load are flat out  impossible for me to listen all the way through.<br />The quality of their  output has been fading steadily. This album acted as a wake-up call, but I  gotta keep in mind that none of it is original. Looking at the trend which  started with Justice, I wonder how much longer this band can go before it  simply peters out. The originality just hasn't been there since Justice  (and I thought that wasn't so hot either).<br />Don't get me wrong. Each of  their albums have their high points. But it seems like maybe three or four  songs stand out, and the rest is filler (in the case of Load and Re-load,  PAINFUL sounding filler!) It used to be that every tune sounded like it  could be an A-Side piece.<br />This particular album is a good one - a far cry  better than the last three mass-market inspired blobs of manure they've  foisted upon us. The biggest bone to pick: a clean lyric version?!?! Tell  me it ain't so! They should've told the PMRC crowd to just go away.
0887307876|4.0|This book is supposed to be a mixture of words and comics.  Unfortunately, some comics are too good for Adams to resist: he just can't use them only once.  Other than that though, it is an interesting book, with both humor  and, sadly, a bit of truth
185984054X|5.0|In discussing this book with my friends and co-workers, I found that they reacted with the same &quot;raised-eyebrow shock&quot; that I did. But what we also shared was the same mis-quided, media driven vision of a person  that was suposedly unquestionable. After reading this book, intently I  might add, I wanted answers. I want to know where all the donations to  Mother Teresa's organiztion has gone because it certainly hasn't gone to  the poor. I want to know why Mother Teresa has posed in pictures with the  wife of a dictator, with a man claiming to have a higher spiritual  consciousness than Jesus himself, and with Charles Keating, the man who  financially raped so many. Her actions and her words are not congruent and  I am thankful to those who look at a situation and make the hard decisions.  Christopher Hitchens is intelligent and courageous for writing this book  and I am now a fan. The book was well written with sources that will  withstand independant scrutiny. I don't know how anyone, after reading this  book, could say that Mother Teresa is a saint.
B000002MY3|5.0|I don't know why I'm writing this review now, since pretty much every person in the free world already owns this CD.  But if you just happen to not have it, you should definitely pick it up.  This is one of those CDs  that will become an all-time classic.  Every song on this CD is superb,  with Alanis displaying a vast array of emotions.  My favorites are  &quot;All I Really Want&quot;, &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, &quot;Right  Through You&quot;, and &quot;Not The Doctor&quot;.  Of course, you've  already heard all the singles and they all rock.  So, this album is  definitely worth your money, you'll be listening to it for years into the  future.
6305428387|4.0|The Region 4 version was released in Australia about Early July, quite surprisingly ahead of the US. Being a John Candy fan I eagerly awaited this movie and recommend this purchase to any others. About mid way through the  movie there were minnor lip syncing issues however overall I still give the  sound quality a thumbs up along with the movie story itself which has been  preserved. Sadly though this movie lacked any extra features - Perhaps the  Soundtrack Video/Wide Screen/Extra Dolby options would have capped this  release off.
B00000J2KT|5.0|There is absolutely nothing wrong with the transfer. It is superb and the sound is good also. The detractors of the quality of the dvd are not, in my opinion, correct.The actual movie is a little disjointed but still a  classic.
B00000FCBC|5.0|All the cover songs Metallica did are great. It all rocks and Lars is still the best drummer ever. Buy it today
B000002A3T|5.0|People, this is one of those rare CD's in life where all the songs are amazing. A very well organised, multy-layered album, that sounds like its coming out of the 70's Floydian regime, and not the 90's. If this album  came out in 1971, no one would have noticed. Lovely album, and the missing  Waters influence isn't too obvious. And its better than THE  WALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6300214559|4.0|Helena Bonham Carter does a superb job portraying one of the most tragic characters in history, Lady Jane Grey, otherwise known as &quot;the Nine Days Queen&quot;.  Her soft innocence and vulnerability are convincing and  heart rendering.  You also get to see a very very young Cary Elwes  providing a fine supporting role as her doomed husband and Patrick Stewart  (way before his Star Trek days) giving an equally fine performance as her  scheming father.  <br />The story itself would make for a great Shakesparean  tragedy if history hadn't written it first.  I was quite moved at the cruel  twists of fate that were handed out to this young girl.  It is also a  testament to the cruelty of parents to their children in sixteenth century  England.  This was commonplace at these times, even if one was of royal  blood as Jane was.  <br />The moving and historically accurate execution  scene, in which the blindfolded Jane cannot find the block to rest her neck  is quite heart wrenching.  You want her to survive the circumstances that  her family placed her in, and the wretchedness of her miserable upbringing.   However, life is not a fairy tale, even for princesses;  this is a  profound example of the misery that many Tudor woman, including Elizabeth  I, went through.  I subtract one star for some of the historical  inaccuracies, but overall it is a wonderful and moving film.  It also makes  you grateful that you did not live in those precarious times.
B000002U8G|4.0|This Floydian album is very short and to the point. Not much on the psycodelic jaming part (except for ECHOES). But the songs are all AMAZING, except for the album filler Sheamus which is small and corny. Fearless  sounds so modern that its scary. Echoes is a like a strange LSD trip that  has been craftily put down on tape. Its so psycodelic, that the middle part  will raise you high. Super album, but super short. Thats why I've knocked  off a star.
6303567126|5.0|This gripping story about mixed up teenage basketball star Jim Carroll shows Leonardo Dicaprio at his cinematic best. With friends Mickey, Pedro and Neutron Jim swaggers around New York city like he owns the place. Their  lives revolve around basketball and drugs and in the end it catches up with  them all, leaving the penniless junkies battling to survive on New York's  mean streets.
B00000J2KY|3.0|Well, i think this film is very good, but i think kubrick wasted his time in making it. Kinky sex and some violence make this a film that only needs to be seen once.
6305265488|5.0|Although I usually don't like Drew Barrimore since I don't find her believable in roles, I absolutely love her in this one.  It's a great take on the Cinderella story.  Original, yet true to the spirit of the story.   And consistent.  She plays a strong character from the beginning and never  turns into a pathetic sap in the end which is a tendency with many such  movies.  All the actors were chosen perfectly for their roles, and the  dialogues were great.  I highly recommend this for any children of any age,  and all of us adults who are romantics at heart.
6305546797|5.0|Halloween is excellent. I love this movie and all it's sequals, but this one is the best. Jam-packed with kinky sex and riveting suspense, this pleases fans of the genre.
0780627024|4.0|Although there were definately some slow points and there are movies that take on this issues in a slightly more effective manner, the message in Pleasantville is an important one in our time.  I didn't go through all the  reviews, but I was surprised that no one in the 15 or so reviews that I  read mentioned how this film relates perfectly to gay and lesbian issues.   Although the film does separate the townspeople into the &quot;black and  white&quot; and the &quot;colored&quot;, there were more subtle scenes that  applied to how we treat GLBT people.  The most relevant is the scene with  Tobey McGuire and Joan Allen when he finds her in color in the kitchen.   Although she has become color, she doesn't want to face it.  What do they  do?  They give her makeup, dress her in black and white clothing.  Hmmm,  doesn't this sound like someone who realizes they are gay (or lesbian, or  bi, or differently gendered, or...) but choose to stay closeted because  they don't want to face the social consequences?  Watch this movie one more  time, looking for these issues.  I think you will be surprised at how much  richer the meaning of the movie will become to you.
6305205639|3.0|I went to a show on the Load tour, and I can surely say that the show I saw was 20 times better than this!!!!  Anybody looking for great Metallica videos, check out the Live Shit series or Cliff 'em all...but what is  this?...the first half of the video has Metallica doing half-assed jobs on  some of their best songs...Sad But True is awful, Creeping Death James  sings the chorus in a MAJOR key instead of minor like it's written, and 2  of the solos to &quot;One&quot; are screwed up by Kirk.  But not only that,  there is no fire in the band...not until the second half of the  video...They rip in the second half of the video, esp[ecially on the  &quot;kill/ride&quot; medley, NOthing Else Matters, Master of Puppets, Last  Caress, Am I Evil, and many more.....But overall, this isn't one of their  better efforts...
068484267X|5.0|One of the most wonderful books I have ever read (and re-read)! A masterpiece!
B000002P74|5.0|well, everyone else has said it, so i will too...this is skynyrds best album. pronounced has freebird on it, but this has sweet home alabama, call me the breeze, workin for mca, and needle and the spoon...some of their  best songs. once you get this cd, you'll be hooked...
0800116917|5.0|One of my favorite movies, &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; (starring my favorite actor, Pete)grabbed the endless attention of even me, a 12 year old.  You know, it even caused me to model my hair after that of O'Toole's!
6302799066|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out, and I have lost no occasion to watch it again. A superb cast with a supreme director. The hallucinating atmosphere of quickly getting closer and closer to the nuclear holocaust is gripping and, at the same time, one cannot but appreciate the refined Kubrick irony in portraying the characters: Sellers, in a triple role played with his usual elegance; Scott and Hayden as two generals who only differ as to degree of paranoia; and all others. I even found in this CD the song \\"We'll Meet Again\\", in Vera Lynn's performance: it begins kind of sirupy as the original version was, but it eventually changes to the somewhat jazzed-up one heard at the end of the movie. It brought back memories of the war years and of the BBC shortwave broadcasts to Italy we used to listen to in clandestine secrecy.
6305470464|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatres and immiediately fell in love with it. Of course I am a sucker for romantic movies and everything, but what made the movie so much more surprising is the end...and PLEASE don't let anyone tell  you what happens. Gillian Anderson is incredible, Jon Stewart is completely  charming and funny, Gena Rowlands and Sean Connery are a captivating couple  and the rest of the cast including Jay Mohr, Dennis Quaid, Angelina Jolie,  Ryan Phillipe, Ellen Burstyn, Madeleine Stowe, Anthony Edwards...(am I  missing anyone?) give amazing performances. This movie is one that leaves  the theatre with you. It's full of messages about love and life that are  true to heart. For me, I totally related to Meredith (played by Anderson)  and her character alone gave me courage to do things that I would never had  attempted. This is a very sweet movie and I recommend it to just about  anyone!!!
B00000J8EK|5.0|For many Chemical Brothers fans this CD does not compare to DYOH. Who cares. I like this CD much better. I actually am a bigger fan of Exit Planet Dust. The rolling tracks are all different and for those who think  every CD should compare to the last, you need to get a clue. Bernard  Summer's addition as well as Noel Gallaghers add a great deal to the catchy  sounds that will forever be stuck in your head after about two or three  good listenings. The CB are the inventers of new sounds and will continue  to do so. The new CD is quite addictive and if you don't feel like working  your groove listening to this then maybe it is time to get real.
0060987464|2.0|Ok, I am a fan of what I have heard of Manson's music (I have &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; and &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;),but his book simply left me bored and unmoved. He is intelegent, but not THAT  intelegent. Some of his ideas and beliefs are good,but simple. I truly  expected more. One phraze that kept popping in my head throughout the book  was &quot;yeah right!&quot; His description of his life is just too over  the top. Until I began reading the book I truly did not think he was a  fabrication,but I now have to wonder. Don't waste your time or brain cells  on this book, stick with decyphering the social commentary he puts in some  of his songs (the ones that aren't strickly commercial).
6304795254|4.0|Lots of people did not like this movie, and I cannot understand why.  Good acting for the most part, tight story, shot well, great suspence, and some nifty twists and turns.  What's not to like?<br />Sean Penn is fantastic as  usual, and Michael Douglas plays himself as usual (including the rich  part).  It's not the absolutely most original plot in the world, but it is  quite enjoyable.
0684867621|1.0|I buy every book King writes looking for his old self. I read all his old books and had sleepless nights, not with this one. This is the only book he wrote that I did not finish. It should also be the first book that  Amazon,com offers people that buy it their money back.
0375408266|4.0|A teen's lusty coming of age with a woman 10 years younger than his mother leads Michael Berg into obsession hell.  Temporarily numbed by rejection and regret, his time with Hanna achieves an unbeatable sensual rememberance  making other relationships an empty experience.  After she leaves, his life  resembles normalcy to all except one professor of law, who actually calls  him on it. <br />In a special semester studying the trial of women persecutors  of the holocaust, he finds Hanna a defendant.  Horrified by her crimes, he  attempts to understand the perpetration of crueltry and injustice upon  other human beings.  His abstraction becomes a destraction to me, the  reader. <br />Can he assuage his pain by reading to the imprisioned Hanna,  whose secret he FINALLY discovers during the trial?  Michael's character  developes with dullness, while Hanna takes on a more interesting growth  which the author fleshed out very little.<br />In conclusion, Hanna's shame  deals her the death card rather than endure with a world of haunting faces  in a society burdened with the horrible past.<br />A good read and turn pager  for me.
1572522232|5.0|For those who don't know this is the uncut version of &quot;Suspiria&quot;. These version has the scene of &quot;a heart being yanked out, etc&quot;. What I would like to say about these movie it's that  it's a bath of cinema (and blood!); Dario Argento is the best - I repeat,  the best - horror movies director of all times. What he does here it's a  simple show about making a good picture: it's not what you say, but how you  say it. If you like a good horror movie or a good example of &quot;mise en  sc&eacute;ne&quot;, as the &quot;Cahi&eacute;rs du Cin&eacute;ma&quot; guys like to say, you  certainly have got to buy this movie.
6304077955|5.0|Having been a fan of Mike Leigh's approach to filmaking for many years, I admit that Naked is the best of the lot.  It's actually a classic story in the &quot;Everyman&quot; tradition.  Thewlis' performance breaks all the  boundaries of contemporary acting and makes us feel almost as if we were  watching a docudrama - rather than a work of fiction.  And although some  viewers may criticize the film's &quot;lack of plot&quot;, Thewlis' Johnny  is indeed fulfilling the journey of human experience.  Full-fleshed  humanity experiencing all that this life offers.  While, at the same time,  reflecting upon life in a fruitless attempt to find meaning to why we are  here.  It's a difficult film, but then so is life to those of us who do not  distract ourselves with escapist pursuits.  The film teaches us that a life  well lived is a painful one.  This is what we learn in &quot;Everyman&quot;  and it's what we learn in Naked.  Bravo, Mr. Leigh!
B000000W5L|5.0|Jemsum Crow, it really HAS been 27 years since this album came out! This is the one that shouldn't have come off; lots of sloppy playing, lyrics that are worse to dicipher than usual, bunches of filler tracks here and  there, etc.. But the whole thing somehow works, from the chugging openings  of &quot;Rocks Off&quot; and &quot;Rip This Joint&quot; to the ersatz  country of &quot;Sweet Virginia&quot; and the more genuine country-folk of  &quot;Sweet Black Angel,&quot; to &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot; to  &quot;Happy&quot; to &quot;All Down The Line&quot; to, bro' and sistren,  the list is endless. 27 years old and could've been recorded yesterday! A  great album from, um, well, certainly, ONE of the world's greatest rock'n  roll bands!
B00000J2KT|4.0|If Kubrick felt that his movies didn't look good in their theatrical aspect ratio on televisions, then the DVD should have provided both the full-frame version AND the theatrically framed 1:85:1 US version for those  of us with 16x9 televisions. Though Full Metal Jacket may have been filmed  &quot;full-frame&quot; as are most motion pictures, the DP  &quot;composed&quot; the film for 1:85:1. Guess I'll have to stick to the  letterboxed laser disc until this DVD is released properly.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I must say that I am a big fan of Limp Bizkit and Loud-screamy songs, the songs like that had on Three dollar bill ya'll. They did not have many songs like that on Significent other, but the album was banging! When I  heard that they we're coming out with a new album, I didn't possibly think  that they could top the first, and they didn't top it, the two albums met  at the same amazing place. I think that Bizkit is is a cool band, and I  would by almost anything with their name on it. Limp Bizkit are one of a  kind,and I think they know that. Fred Durst has an in your face state of  mind, and I like that. Sam Rivers, and Wes Borland, and Fred Durst are also  major babes.
630471288X|5.0|It's a pity that you can only give 5 stars to rate this movie, its worth well over 8.  I'm not a fan of Stephen King movies and was unsure about watching this movie, but I did, and wow!  <br />It's not very often we get to  see such a strong cast in such an amazing film these days, but this movie  delivers in both accounts.  <br />This movie is so well done and I love the  way it pans out towards the end.  Stephen King has proven he can write good  dramas with out having to throw in machanical killers and possessed  thingys.<br />If you want to see a really superb movie you'll be a fool if you  pass this one up!
0679457313|4.0|I found that this book lacked on plot a little, but being a fan of the words themselves as well as a storyline, I certainly felt that it made up in description.<br />Arundhati Roy writes in a style which is fully conscious  of the fact that it is literature; sentences paragraphs and chapters are  constructed with such delicacy that the novel could be confused with poetry  of long lineage.<br />The culture discussed is discussed in an intelligent  way, and the relationship between twins is impossibly presented in  beautiful realism, with two unique, inextricable characters created within  Rahel and Estha.<br />I enjoyed it greatly, but it seems so genre unspecific,  it is a voyage into the unknown which will be kindly rewarded.<br />Warning:  don't read if a climactic ending is all important to you.
B000009ED0|5.0|From the first words &quot;My name is Kid&quot; you know this CD is gonna rock and it does.  The only weak song on there in my opinion is &quot;Welcome to the Party&quot;, but its still pretty cool.  Best tracks  on there are Bawitdaba, I am the Bullgod, Wasting Time, and F-ck off  featuring Eminem. I suggest you go get this one
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone is an amazing book. Funny at times, but always filled with creativity and drama. Easily a 5 star book, it rates third on my list  of the best books of the century (and I have read a lot  of books!) I have also read the sequel and I am looking forward to getting  the third one &quot;Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban&quot;
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd is the most amazing band at portraying emotion through music.  This is my Favorite Pink Floyd CD.  When you listen to this CD just sit back, and float through space.
6304935870|5.0|This movie truely tells the story of Pearl Harbour and all of the events that lead up to slaughter. If possible this book would get 10 stars
B000001Y42|5.0|This is the BEST cd i have ever bought. i got it in july 98 and i still listen to it. i also got significant other and this is much better. every song is good.
B000000W5L|4.0|My favorite is Happy rather than Tumbling Dice, the former being one of the most amusing Stones songs.  Other good cuts like Sweet Black Angel and Loving Cup populate this album, but there gets to be a bit too much  repetition.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I decided to review my top 10 fav. albums(in no order) and If You're feeling sinister would be number 1,2 or 3. It is just amazing. its so beatiful and lovely. I havent heard a record so innocent and beatiful since  the 60s. Everytime I listen to it I love it more. Belle &amp; sebastian are  one of the greatest bands I've heard since radiohead if we are talking  reccent years. Pick this album up and give it a few listens you are bound  to fall in love with it as I did. After you Get this get the other albums  and e.p.'s and If thats not enough the looper and Gentle waves side  projects.
B000003BF1|4.0|When the Stones are funny, they are as funny as can be. Look at everything from \\"Under Assistant West Coast Promotion Man\\" to \\"Some Girls\\" (Jesse, can't you take a joke?) and actually, the bulk of their songs, especially their country sound. I'm not a big fan of the Stones' country sound. Not that the songs are bad (they occasionally are), but they usually do not excite me, unless they are really good, like \\"Wild Horses\\" and \\"Honky Tonk Women.\\" But the Stones are raunchy, and when raunchy lyrics are mixed with country, it equals humor. Sometimes, too, the raunchiness takes a step further, to the graphic (thus, the \\"menace\\" rep of this album; I can't take it too seriously tho). There is occasional rock with a little jazz mixed in here and there, but Let It Bleed is primarily a raunchy country/blues work of art.<br />Sometimes, the penetration of Stones' humor, and/or disturbing themes, is more gradual. In \\"Satisfaction,\\" for example, the Stones started off with more subtlety, but then in the last verse it is \\"girl reaction\\" they cannot get; of course, the blatancy can be much worse, as it is sometimes on Let It Bleed, in which \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want\\" either, this time, backed by a choir. The title cut and \\"Midnight Rambler\\" are two of the best songs. In the former, we start with \\"lean on,\\" then move on to cocaine, \\"dream on,\\" \\"cream on,\\" and \\"bleed on.\\" \\"Midnight Rambler\\" starts with, well, only a midnight rambler. But then...the song isn't really about anything nice after that, as Mick's jazzy harmonica heats up. In both cases, the music, if not really that sparse, is still subordinated to the lyrical verselines and their catchiness. \\"Love in Vain,\\" also a good cut, is another country blues number, as Mick loses contact with his love, off to the train station and then into the railroad track horizon. \\"Country Honk\\" is an exaggerated, almost satirical (with fiddle) variation of \\"Honky Tonk Women\\" as Keith Richards and Nanette Newman join Mick for blendedcountry hick vocal affectations; it is amusing, tho not musically compelling. \\"Monkey Man\\" is the album's decent, straightforward rocker, while \\"Live with Me\\" is less interesting. <br />\\"Gimme Shelter\\" opens, with its foreboding aura and captivating rock chant. It became one of the quintessential 60s songs, but \\"Let It Bleed\\" and \\"Midnight Rambler\\" are also imbued into the 60s heritage, part of our popular culture. To me, however, \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want\\" is Let It Bleed's most representative statement, an authentic stone (no upper case) classic song. Besides, if you try sometime, you may get what you need! Try it out.
B000002C1X|5.0|Try to get the Roger Water's Live version too
6301640659|5.0|It took alot of courage for Hollywood to make a movie like this! I love it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|These guys rock...especially live. If you ever have the chance to see blink live - do it.  Half way through &quot;What's my age again?,&quot; when they all come in, is just incredible live. Plus, these guys are  hilarious, great showmen.
6305470448|4.0|I loved this comedy, but the only flaw I saw, or rather turned away from, was the sex. It probably would've gotten a PG rating had it not been for those scenes. As a writer I truly fell in love with the film, as the Will  Shakespeare in this story reminds me of a few of my friends who are  love-struck.
0515125024|4.0|Being a long-time thriller reader (who's read everything by Clancy, Cussler, Higgins, Forsyth, and, for those with long-term memories, all the way back to Alistair MacLean), I happened to stumble across this one at an  airport newsstand, knowing nothing about the author, protagonist or  anything else.<br />Having just now finished it, I'll agree with most of the  other reviewers that it's quite a neat book. Sure, the writing isn't  perfect, and the coincidences are a bit too much, and the hero is too much  of a superman to believe...but this is a riveting read, and a lot of  fun!<br />Given that my tolerance for bad writing is pretty low (as an  example, while I love Clancy, I think most of his co-written stuff is  dreck), I am at a lost to understand the vituperation from several of the  other reviewers here. The writing, while not perfect, is very, very good.  The plotting is great, the characters pretty interesting, and the hero  invincible enough that you never get too scared, but human enough that he  continually gets into scrapes.<br />All in all, an excellent read, and on the  basis of this one, I went out and got the preceding and following books in  the series. Ignore the naysayers and try it (perhaps starting with the  first book in the series: Killing Floor)...I think you'll like it.
6305358567|5.0|Everyone will find a flaw in this film but who can underrate Cate Blanchett's magnificent portrayal of the Virgin Queen? It is a wonderful companion to &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; which also stars Joseph  Fiennes, Geoffrey Rush, and Blanchett's friend Gwyneth Paltrow. Who  would've thought that both Paltrow and Blanchett would be Oscar-nominated  for their roles in which they both have Joseph Fiennes as their lover? A  lot better than other costume dramas that are mostly all talk and no  action. Here you get beheadings, violence, backstabbing, sex, politics,  lies, deception. Sounds like Washington D.C. doesn't it? The only thing  missing is a spot on a dress. (there's a poisoned dress scene here though!) A treat for lovers of Elizabethan history. It would've been better had the writer and producers  carried the plot to her old age, when she met Shakespeare. Watch this  first, then pop in &quot;Shakespeare in Love.&quot; Cate's performance is  amazing and versatile, for she captures all the essence of a young queen  out to rule the way she wants regardless of any man's desires.
0812505085|5.0|I've seen many poor reviews for this book and I'm not just talking about the bad spelling and grammar. Obviously, most of the people giving the one star reviews were forced to read this book by a teacher. Obviously they  aren't going to like it. I read this book when I was much younger, but I  still love it today. If you have a hard time understanding old english, you  may want to skip this book. It was not written yesterday and the vocabulary  reflects that. This book is wonderfully written and R.L.S. vividly brings  to life the cutthroats, high seas adventure and hunt for hidden treasure.
B00000DC10|5.0|REFUSED from Sweden have teamed up for the last time to give us the ultimate smash of modern hardcore music ever. They use old school riffs and combine them with several electronic elements. On top of that mixture sings  the most aggressive voice you've ever heard. This music is better than  any  American hardcore stuff, listen to it, you will see.
0767819543|5.0|I enjoyed this movie very much, having lived in Brazil for the first part of my life, i could relate to the movie at a different level, although Brazil is an interesting and at times rugged country to live in it also has  another side to it, since there's virtually no middle class, in Brazil   you're either a have or a have not, this movie makes me wish i had  appreciated such a diverse culture when i had the chance.
B000002WNP|5.0|Anyone who says Elvis was no good after the army most definately needs to hear this box set, and if they still think that, then they need to go have their hearing checked, for they must be tone deaf! Naming highlights here  is moot, because the whole set is mostly just that....Period!
B000005YZM|4.0|This is truly one of the more underrated albums that were released in the 60's.  The melodies are often stunning as is the subject matter.  Those who enjoy this will absolutely flip over the Zombies anthology, Singles A's and  B's which contains &quot;She's not there&quot; and &quot;Tell her no&quot;  as well as other lost classics that are equal to the hits!
0780619951|4.0|Well,  after reading many dissapointing reviews at IMDB,  I believe the film is a success.  I inititially read the book and then watched the film and it was a perfect adaptation.  So many criticized this because of the story but it is essentially the same exact story in the book and it was  neat to see how the two adapted from each other.  The acting was excellent,   especially from the only sympathetic character of the human pussycat  played by The Craft's Fairuza Balk.  Val Kilmer was good,   Brando fit the  role an it was fun to see how his appearance has changed from A Streetcar  Named Desire. See what happens when people don't exercise.  Impressive  creations in this weird film.
0201485672|5.0|It's great to read a book that adds something new, and something useful. Fowler puts down on paper the wisdom of experienced OO developers. The book lists a range of manageable changes that can significantly improve code  quality. This neatly complements Arthur Riel's &quot;Object Oriented Design  Heuristics&quot;
0767827694|5.0|What and incredible waking dream.. This film left a lasting impression.  I fell in love with the character with the aid of a fantastic storyline, amazingly beautiful countryside and wonderful musical score.  I highly  recommend this film
6305546797|5.0|This was the movie that started it all for the 90's &quot;teen horror's&quot; but way better.  This had a budget of only $600,000 and did an amazing job scaring the hell out of me.  For a SCARY movie do not rent  or buy Scream but rather Halloween, you will not regret it.
630518299X|4.0|This movie really makes you think.  It's an oddly serious role for Jim Carey, but I think he pulls it off suprisingly well.  It really  made me ponder the truth of reality and my relationships.  It's quality just for entertainment value as well.
B000002H33|1.0|Metallica is the most overated band on earth.  They are a very decent band, but they just don't have enough talent to be an excellent band.  They  have 2 good albums, the black album, ride the lightning, and thats it.   This album is barely listenible.  The songs have no meaning to them, they  are just a waste of time.
6301224612|5.0|This is an excellent video. I think it's the best version of &quot;The River&quot; you can get anywhere. True fans have watched this video over and over. Highly recommended
B000002HRE|5.0|This album should not be compared to earlier recordings from these guys, as it is not quite the same type of music. They've slowed it down for one simple reason: they're too damn old to keep head-banging! I mean you can  only do that so long. Instead you should compare it to other music that is  being released these days, and you will find that it is by far the most  intelligent, if not the heaviest (stuff like KoRn is heavy, but the music  has no meaning). Metallica has always prided themselves on producing  intelligent music and if you listen to this CD, the songwriting is very  complex and frankly, quite intelligent. When you think about it, there are  no bands who create music like the &quot;new&quot; Metallica. They're in a  class by themselves and they even they're new music is superb. If you can  honestly tell me that Fuel doesn't get your heart pumping than you my  friend, are either clinically retarded or dead.
B000003N7Y|5.0|It's true that this album has got new versions of older tunes, but these new versions are even better than the originals, mainly because the larger ensemble makes the music much more intense.  These versions of 'Better Get  Hit In Yo' Soul', 'Haitian Fight Song'(IIBS) and 'Goodbye Pork Pie Hat'  ('Theme for Lester Young') are the definitive versions. The bass solo on  'Mood Indigo' is beautiful too.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Critics hated it, movie goers loved it.  US Government recruits motley crew of top-notch oil drillers to save the world by flying them to an asteroid headed our way. The mission? Plant an atomic bomb along a fault line inside the giant rock and blow it to bits before it strikes. Combines  action-adventure with comedy, science fiction with drama, and tosses in a  bit of patriotism and romance. Something for everyone. Great special  effects do not allow science fact to interfere with science fiction, but  hey - it's not real, people, it's a movie! Relax, quit over analyzing  everything and ENJOY!
6303481272|1.0|This is a rape anime. The female character in it gets repeatidly abused by the men of the movie, which is very disturbing. The story line was weak, also. Too much sex/hentai in it
0790729628|5.0|Yeah, that's the only words that came out my mouth after seing Blade Runner, the Director's cut : &quot;Waow, great !!!&quot;<br />A Sci-Fi film with a real (detective) story, a great (but beautifully ugly !) fututistic  view of a dark and moody Los Angeles, a former cop called back to destroy  androids called 'replicants (played by a wonderfull Harrison Ford), a  gloomy ambience that sticks you on your seat and a soundtrack wich is  nothing but perfect...<br />If, after reading this, you don't understand I  love this film... you will never...<br />It's a masterpiece by Ridley  Scott.<br />Unfortunately I liked the voice-over narration that has been  removed... On the other end the 'kind' ending was... well... too kind and  too predictable. I'd like to combine the two versions.<br />Anyway, it's a  must-have film wich is fabulous in DVD format ! Let's go and buy it if you  don't have it !<br />By the way : 5 stars is not enough for it, I would have  given it 6 !!!<br />Bruno (from France)
B00000427L|5.0|Rachmaninov's highly intensified Piano Concertos, although under Russian influence, still manages in sustaining its elegance and beauty throughout. Previn has a positively extroadinary interpratation of Rachmaninov's music.  Ashkanazy, who is one of my favorite pianists, plays beautifully.This  particular recording is fabulous, and one that should be added to anyones  Rachmaniniov's collection.
B000002LVB|3.0|Perversely, this sounds like an album a fairly conventional rock band would have made before being bold enough to record more experimental albums like 'White Light, White Heat', and 'The Velvet Underground &amp; Nico'  later on in their career. It's not that it's bad; it just isn't, well,  different enough to warrant being listed as an Essential album. Get their  debut album first.
6305511055|5.0|Nearly 25 years old this wonderful thriller starring Robert Redford as the young and very confused centrepiece in a deadly conspiracy is a real gem.  This film is all plot and no 90's style bangs &amp; crashes but all the  better for it.  If you like good plot and characterisations then this film  won't dissappoint.  Just one word of warning, this film is 25 years old so  make appropriate allowances and you'll not regret the viewing time!
B000002KAT|1.0|I don't really like any of the songs on this album......I think they're slow and boring.  Moondance is a MUCH better album. I appreciate many different types of music, but this album is just plain weak.
B00000JCB2|5.0|They are usually billed as the band that you want to hate.  With this album Limp Bizkit becomes the band that you can't hate.  With shattering lyrics Fred Durst takes control.  Where in their first album Fred would  just scream out the lyrics, he takes the time to get the point across.   With guest appearances by Korn's Jon Davis, STP's Scott Weiland, Wu Tang's  Method Man and Eminem, Durst asserts himself as a major contender in the  music market today.  Limp Bizkit has changed the face of music forever.
B000002VTE|1.0|i dont like this album. dont buy it
B000002L68|5.0|Just to combat the fool who said this wasn't good &amp; gave it one star.  Good to see that so many others agree how great it is - like so many of Prince's records.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This record has it all.  First there is nookie which combines the heavy guitars with a lighter &quot;trippy&quot; soft section and makes it stick with a hip hop section.  Then this cd features Just Like This, which  flaunts tight beats (which could actually be used for hip-hop), gives the  band a chance to express their feelings about the crowds, traveling, and  their general attitude in the method of combining lyrical tunes with rap  that Durst has created for this record.  Later, Durst combines with Method  Man to perform N 2gether Now which is heavily inflected with rap which is  conveyed back and forth between Fred and &quot;The Method&quot;.  Number 4,  Break Stuff and number 11, Trust reveal the side of the band displayed on  Three Dolla Bill Ya'll by way of crushing guitars and hollered lyrics.  On  number 5, Re-arranged, Fred takes a lesson from Everlast with soft raps  with a message (which I might add provides a break from the heavier part of  the album).  Number 13 is a remix of their former release Cambodia (live on  the Family Values cd) in which Limp sends a shout out to &quot;the fans the  tours and the places that I've been.&quot;  Finally, the track entitled No  Sex provides an extremely soft spot on the record although the lyrics are  anything but.  This is basically the new Limp cd, a mixture of all of the  styles that &quot;the Bizkit&quot; is about.
079213690X|5.0|Of course this movie is hostorically inaccurate - what Gibson is doing here is creating a myth, no telling the truth. The creation of stirring myths out of messy truths has long been the practice of story tellers - without it the tales of King Arthur, Robin Hood, Odysseus and even Eliott  Ness wouldn't be the thrilling tales that have entertained  generations.<br />Art can contain truth while telling lies - that is its job.  Gibson tells a wonderful story of love, honour, heroism and the human  spirit taht left me in tears because I relaxed my cynicism.<br />Ok, Gibson  probably is somewhat homophobic - he's a religious Catholic with a large  family, but that is such a tiny part of this movie, but Edward's  homosexuality is a historical fact and this movie wasn't meant to be  longtime companion - I'm sure he was despised for it.<br />That anyone can  give this magnificent movie 1 star staggers me - they have thought  processes utterly alien to mine, or they are just trying to be different, i  don't know.
B00000DGUG|5.0|i really like alanis' songs. on this album her style is different from that on jagged little pill but good nevertheless. my favorite songs are joining you, that i would be good, one and unsent. sympathetic character is  also good.
B0000027EP|5.0|If you're new to Motorhead, or to metal in general, this album will give you a taste of the finest metal there is. A must have for all Motorheadbangers.
B000009QPE|5.0|Forget all of your pre-concieved notions of the speed-metal genre. Check your Megadeth and Metallica &quot;thrash&quot; at the door. Reign in Blood is speed-metal the way it was meant to be, dark, wickedly agressive and  FAST. In 30 minutes, Slayer essientially slaps every other  &quot;speed&quot; metal band across the buttocks and shows them how it's  done. To give you an idea of how fast this is, Dave Lombardo's snare drum  frequently exceeds 200 beats per minute (he's hitting 32nd notes all over  the place)Rapid guitar solos hit home with all the brutal efficiency of a  machine gun or artillery shell. RIB delves into basically all the subject  matter that made Slayer one of the top acts in metal: World War II,  Witches, Psycho Killers and Hellish landscapes all find their way into the  blurring mesh of blistering guitars and Lombardo's legendary drumming. If  you're like me, you'll stop head-banging just long enough to ask yourself,  &quot;is this for real? ooooohhh man!&quot; Crank it to max volume and  watch your speakers begin to melt. A must-buy for any speed-metal fan.
B00000AFFF|5.0|This is an exquisitely beautiful body of music that will undoubtedly withstand the test of time. Elvis uses his bittersweet cynicism and fabulous vibrato to create heartbreakingly poignant lyrics. It is precisely  because Elvis walks the ragged edge of romanticism and cynicism that Mr.  Bacharach's orchestration is so effective and is saved from the dreaded  saccharine sweetness that a lesser artist could not escape. This is NOT the  sickly sweet drivel that far too many people listen to today. And like all  of Elvis's music, it just gets better and better. How could anyone not fall  desperately in love with his &quot;Imperial Bedroom&quot; album or  &quot;You're not the only flame&quot;? There is something about his best  music that creates a sense of yearning and a bittersweet realization that  our lives and our relationships have these fascinating complexities and  tragedies, which of course makes life so very interesting. And then there  are other musicians, but so what?
B000001E18|5.0|I am sick and tired of old U2 fans complaining about how the boys aren't cranking out carbon copies of The Joshua Tree. Grow up. Our boys certainly have. I love this band. I got into them when I was 12 and I loved them ever  since. I respect them for experimenting, and have been frequently  pleased/fascinated/exhilarated by the results. Don't you know these guys  are great because they are able to evolve? Every great rock band/artist,  from the Beatles to Bob Dylan to the Who constantly changed. U2 has shown  they are in that company.<br />Now to Zooropa. I think this is their darkest,  most disturbing record. It has a darkness to it, a silky  &quot;unclean&quot; groove. It sounds totally unlike anything they've done,  far more &quot;techno&quot; than Pop was hyped to be. I also discover new  things about this record every time I listen to it, the sign of any great  record. As someome else noted, Dirty Day is good here but incredible live  (I missed it at PopMart). <br />Real U2 fans cherish this record. If you know  this band's music, you see how these songs find into the rest of u2's  catalog. If you can get past the packaging, its easy to hear that Stay, The  First Time, some Days are better than others, and the wanderer would have  been perfect for the Joshua Tree or Rattle and Hum.<br />Quit your griping and  enjoy these guys while they're still together!!!!!!
B0000025RI|3.0|&quot;Thriller&quot; is an overly ambitious attempt by Michael Jackson to redefine Motown and R&amp;B.  The only problem is, the album lacks focus and the songs don't really fit together.  Lyrically, the album couldn't be  weaker, and the production sounds painfully dated when listened to today.   Guest spots by Eddie Van Halen and Paul McCartney can't save this mess.   There are a few classic tracks, but I can only say they're classic because  they've been played over and over on radio and MTV for the past 17 years.   An unremarkable album, and an overall boring set of songs.  You'd do much  better checking out U2's &quot;The Unforgettable Fire,&quot; which is truly  a landmark of the 1980s.
6303421563|5.0|This was one of the best movies I've ever seen. I loved how Jean Reno's character, Leon, who is a 'bad guy', is able to be shown as a person, and I was able to really care about this professional killer. The relationship between he and 12-year-old Mathilda is truely touching, and this was a  movie with one of the saddest endings I have ever seen.
1572522232|5.0|I have seen plenty of horror films, and none have the gorgeous atmosphere or beautiful camera techinques as this film.  Mr. Argento (the savior of Italian horror) has such a capacity to shock and terrify, and Suspiria is probably his grandest achievement.  I strongly recommend obtaining a  COMPLETELY uncut and uncensored copy of Suspiria (which runs around 107  minutes) to get the full effect and to truly appreciate this grand film.
6301934229|5.0|One of the most underrated suspense movies of all time, Hauer and Howell deliver the performances of their careers (with Howell that's not saying much).  It was criticized by some for not explaining the relationship (if  any) between Hauer and Howell, as if all filmgoers need to be spoonfed.   All in all, a great screenplay, well edited, decent cinematography.  Best  scene:  Hauer and Howell face to face in the cafe.
B0000009OX|5.0|More pop than punk, more tuneful than any of their contemporaries, the Undertones sum up that particular period in the late Seventies/early Eighties better than any other band.  This is their first full length  release, supplemented with a couple of early singles, and it's a classic.   I think so, John Peel thinks so, and practically every other discerning fan  of the three minute, guitar driven teenage pop song thinks so too.  If you  thought The Buzzcocks, The Ramones and early Blondie had covered all the  angles, check this out.  Pure, brilliant musical joy.
B000002IU9|5.0|A great thrash CD for a good price t
0684857820|5.0|I had trouble putting this book down - it was powerful.  The tension Ms. Sebold creates in her narrative is palatable, and I found myself rooting for her.  Her courage throughout the rape itself, fortitude during the  trial, and the mettle she has shown should be an encouragement to all  women, even in our daily lives.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|This is music?  Doubtful!  Get a grip, Jennifer.  Your acting is okay but your singing leaves a lot to be desired.  You sold out and you obviously have forgotten where you come from.  You'll make a few bucks on this - show  enough flesh and everything sells.  But when everything starts to sag,  talent is what will carry you through.  So save your money and invest it  well... the gravy train won't last forever.
B00000I924|1.0|So disappointing, I just wish I had sampled the CD before I bought it. What a waste of money.
078322706X|5.0|I haven't seen a movie this good in years!  The only movie that even comes close is &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; and that was nearly twenty years ago.  This movie is so much better in terms of complex relationships and interaction between characters.  It's sort of a tapestry of stories woven  together to form a masterpiece...and the music is fantastic!<br />This is a  romantic movie, but not a tear jerker  that makes you confuse sadness and  love.  It has an unusual concept of death wanting to experience life and  then finding himself falling in love.  Susan is stangely attacted to  &quot;Joe&quot; (death) even thought she doesn't know much about him.  He's  so mysterious and quiet about where he is from and what kind of work he  does.  <br />The settings are very picturesque and rich with color.  The  acting is so well done among the main characters you get the feeling you're  watching a play rather than a movie.  Hopkins is great as ever.  Forlani is  surprisingly good and quite natural playing Susan.  Pitt is impressive  playing roles as Joe and the guy from the coffee shop.  Finally a role  where Brad Pitt plays a likeable character and he does it so well!  <br />The  love scene is like no other I've ever seen in a movie.  Beautifully tender  and passionate shown in extreme closeup so you can see the facial  expressions of both.  The lighting, music and acting all come together to  create a powerful moment in the story.<br />The movie's message conveys so  much about life and the ones we love.  It also communicates a strong  message about passion, rapture and finding someone who makes you feel  alive.  What a feel good movie -- makes you wish it would never end!
B0000027RL|5.0|pearl jam's debut album is not, as others say, grunge. it is simply one of the best rock records made, in terms of power, both musically and lyrically. while yield may be their best all round record, 10 will always  shine as a beautiful piece of music that has inspired many people,  including me, to pick up a guitar and write some songs. like many old  springsteen records, this one has the ability to act like a kind of  companion where ever you go. thanks.
0451198670|1.0|I have never read a book with such shallow and silly characters.  The plot would be probable if the characters were stronger and better developed.  I tried to find sympathy for the main characters, but they have no redeeming  qualities that the reader can admire.  The plot and point of view seems to  jump without warning or reason, and it is difficult to keep track of what  is happening.  I tried to focus on the book, but I skimmed through the last  150 pages, not even caring how it ended.
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes is truly a classic and literary triumph.  A book once sad and hilarious, with remarkable mastery of prose.  A must read for everyone.
0670881791|4.0|A couple criticisms of &quot;Chocolat&quot;:<br />I was a bit dismayed to read the [not so] steamy scene between Vianne and Roux...their end-of-the-book meeting seemed a little too contrived for my  liking.<br />Next, I LOVED Anouk and thought she stole the show of characters.   Vianne tended to be a bit conceited with everyone she encountered,  especially being the liberated black sheep of the village.<br />Finally, the  plight of the priest was by far the biggest let down. I [in all my hatred  for priests who preach silly and petty traditions] was hoping for a greater  penalty to befall our candy-choked clergyman than simply being caught by  Vianne and a few townspeople. All in all, this was a great find, and I will  definitely recommend it.
0590353403|4.0|This is an entertaining piece of whimsy, sometimes gripping. It doesn't come up to the best of Dahl or Tove Jansson, but give it credit for being genuinely entertaining. To be sure, it is for kids and not really for  adults.
0684800713|1.0|Tried so hard to get something, some message, a lasting emotion, knowledge to carry forth, the key to my teenage son's opinion that SAR was the best book he had ever read.  SAR falls flat.  Short of a few finely tuned prosey  sentences, Hemingway missed with this story.  If you want to experience  tedium, this is the book for you.  Nothing happens,the characters never  develop ... could this be what Hemingway was after?
B000002UC5|4.0|As the sardonic cover suggests, this was a difficult transitional period in McCartney's life, as he adjusted to life with his new wife and children during the painful Beatles breakup. Here we find Paul trying to make sense  of it all, while messing about with his music at home and playfully in the  studio. The result is an engagingly quirky album, full of experiments and  doodles like a sketch book. &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; remains a classic,  and &quot;Every Night&quot; is very strong too. &quot;Teddy Boy&quot; and  &quot;Junk&quot; are great melodies from the Beatles era.
B0000046MM|5.0|This is solo flamenco guitar at its best (well not quite solo). Paco has been consider a genius of the flamenco genre since his childhood. This  album specially the title track will blow you away.
B000002U82|3.0|I'm all for the careful production and overall intelligent lyrical content of this fairly accessible album. But on the other hand, this gets pretty boring as it meanders on and on through its alienation for high school  kids.
0553108034|5.0|George R. R. Martin has created a detailed and brutal world with ACoK, but the best part of the series is how the characters play apon your emotions, while you sympithise with the &quot;Imp&quot; you also know that the things  he is striving for are in direct opposition of the goals of Robb and the  rest of the starks. It is amazing to be able to identify so well with a  &quot;bad guy&quot;.  While reading customer reviews I found it hard to  believe so many people downed the book entirely because of its language and  realism.  I hate to ruin everyone's fantasies, but in the middle ages  people still killed, cussed, and womanized. Taking out the killing cussing  and womanizing would do readers a disservice by glossing over what the  author really thought the characters would say and do.  This series is  great and I recommend that anyone who can, keep track of a huge amount of  characters and deal with the realism read this book.
6302415993|4.0|This is an important film, which the Stones allowed to be released to their credit. The filmmakers have competently captured the bad vibes and bad scene of Altamont, as well as the aimless Stones tour that led up to it. Facinating and depressing.
B000002O5L|4.0|Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers really out-did themselves on this one. I've been a fan for a years and have a number of their albums, but this is my favourite by far!<br />The first track &quot;Free fallin'&quot; sets the  tone for a large part of the album and is one of those great summer-songs.  The sort of music you listen to, driving a convertible with the top down,   along a highway on a warm sunny day...a song that fills you with a feeling  of freedom. <br />&quot;I won't back down&quot; and &quot;Running down a  dream&quot; share much of the same feeling, but these are inter-dispersed  by tracks such as &quot;A face in then crowd&quot; which are on a more  sombre note. In the same way I like to listen to &quot;Free fallin'&quot;  driving off somewhere during the day, I tend to save &quot;Face in the  crowd&quot; for driving back home at night...   <br />About the only track on  the whole album I wasn't keen on was &quot;Zombie Zoo&quot;. It's not a bad  track... I just get the feeling that it was slapped on the album at the end  as a filler rather than something that was written specifically for the  album (but hey - what do I know?)<br />If your a TP fan then you can't go  wrong with this album...4 stars!
630512065X|5.0|I thought that the Cats video was one of the best things I have watched for a long time. Andrew Lloyd Webber really knew what he was doing! The music was wonderfully done, and the dancing was amazing. Ever since I saw  this video, I have basically been dreaming of getting a cat. My favorite  characters were Mr. Mistoffelees (Jacob Brent), Rumpleteazer (Jo Gibb), and  Munkustrap (Michael Gruber). On a scale of one to ten, I would give it a  twenty-five!
0517591812|5.0|As the song goes &quot;Maybe It's Because I'm a Londoner that I think of Her Whereever I go&quot; that Edward Rutherford's book is so dear to me...I borrowed it from the library and now I have to buy it....what a wonderful  resource!  I lived on Regency Street right of Vauxhall Bridge Road as a  child and NEVER knew about the gardens that gave it it's name.  It reminded  me of when I left London, my grandfather took me to visit the Tower of  London just in case I never returned from America...we had lived in  Westminster all my life and took London for granted....Edward Rutherford,  thank you for a wonderful gift...of my hometown!!!
0783233477|5.0|It's hard to believe this movie is three hours long.  They packed so much into this drama/romance. Every scene introduces yet another aspect to the story that presents a source of tension or conflict.<br />The romance between Susan and Joe is wonderful.  There is definitely chemistry between Forlani  and Pitt.  <br />The interaction between Pitt and Hopkins is also powerful.   Hopkins slowly starts to show his anger with Joe for spending time with his  daughter.  Pitt reacts casually as he dismisses Hopkins objections.  Bill  (Hopkins) uses some strong language with Joe, which seems to have no effect  other than to have Joe warn Bill to be careful.  Later, Joe (Pitt) finally  gets irritated with Bill, slams his fist down and says firmly &quot;Enough!  I know what I want and what I want is Susan.&quot;  It's the first time Joe  as death shows any sort of hostile emotion.  This scene was a great  demonstration of two powerful actors in verbal conflict.  Very impressive  how Pitt held his own against Hopkins in a battle over Susan!
0440227275|5.0|The Giver is my all time favorite book.  I read it first in the third or fourth grade, and even now at 14, I still love it.  I'm not much on Science Fiction/Fantasy, but with this book it seems almost like it could happen.   It's so easy to get in to.  The way it's written, you get something  different out of it each time.  It leaves you thinking about it for days.   Lois Lowery is brilliant to have thought up this plot.  If you haven't read  it yet please do!  I know you'll love it!
1567302017|5.0|I cannot describe the value of this 9 hour video, I don't want the version with subtitles, if someone can get me the version shown on PBS please let me know how to get it.  The most moving scene is the barber describing the  other barber cutting the hair of his wife before she went to the gas  chamber.  See Siskel and Ebert's review.
6303168507|5.0|This is just in response to the person from Tel Aviv's scathing review. Perhaps there are others out there who will agree with me when I suggest this movie was far from a &quot;Hollywood Melodrama&quot;. I am just sorry I missed it on the large screen.  What was so desensitizing about the  director's depiction? The film was not a depopularization of a significant  horror in the 20th century, it was a way of depicting it so the mainstream  could view it. Should we have seen more dead bodies?  I believe the women's  shower scenes and overall feel of the movie depicts enough.
630512762X|5.0|Hey folks it is the best film of John Woo. If you love action you must see it now. Sounds, picture and the whole other thing are great<br />Just buy and have fun!!!!!!!!!!
0380778556|5.0|cool, classy, romy, sleek, sheeck, scary
B000002C1W|5.0|one of their best album eve
6304139586|1.0|Big cast lousy performances. How did this movie get academy award nominations. Not one of Spielbergs best films. Go rent Jurassic Park,Or E.T.
B000002ADT|5.0|I picked up this remastered CD the other day to replace my old vinyl copy. Am I ever glad that I waited! The sound of this new version is clean  and clear...nearly as good as the best digitally recorded music. What's more,  the engineers have now compensated for the original master's infamous speed  flaw. (It was ever so slightly fast)<br />The best endorsement comes by  anecdote: Kind of Blue played on my PC's audio the other night when I got a  call from a neighbor...who is not a jazz afficionado. I only turned the  sound down a bit as we talked...<br />In mid-conversation she interrupted  with:&quot;...What music is that? It's beautiful.&quot;<br />Heh! Another  convert. (She bought the CD yesterday...)
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert is no doubt one of the best writers of our time.  The Dune books are classics, not because they are old, but because Herberts vision is timeless. These books will wrap you up in their story and make you wish  there were more then just six of them.  Happy reading!
6302256615|5.0|Thoughtful and intelligent it is not, but if you are looking for non-stop action this is a can't miss.  This movie should come with a warning label because I have never watched a movie which has inspired me to pick up so many dangerous habits(surfing, sky-diving and drinking Coronas!) It is  shocking that this movie is over two hours in length because it seems to  fly by.  The sky-diving scene shots are incredible, and Swayze even manages  to get in a couple of &quot;Road House&quot; like fight scenes.  Check this  one out today if you are an action buff, hopefully it will be available on  DVD soon.
B00000IQCA|2.0|Robert Altman's indictment of the fashion industry has a few high points---the parody of &quot;Striptease&quot; with Mastroianni and Loren, photographer Stephen Rea's hilarious &quot;revenge tactics&quot; against  three fashion editors, and the subplot wherein reporters Julia Roberts and  Tim Robbins find themselves stuck in a hotel room together and spend the  whole weekend making love---(not a bad predicament for Robbins's  character!!).  Unfortunately, Altman fails to develop any of his subplots  or characters fully, and the remainder of the film is ersatz and boring:  lengthy, pointless scenes of runway models that serve no purpose other than  conveying the &quot;feel&quot; of the fashion world. A few plot points make  little sense... watch it and see if you can figure out why Marshall Fields  tycoon Danny Aiello winds up in drag! According to Julia Roberts in an  interview, Altman and his cast had a heyday making Pret-a-Porter, and  that's obvious from the resultant picture. Unfortunately, it isn't nearly  as fun to watch...
0679731725|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read.  I am 15 but I appreaciated the insight and instropection of this book, where everyone seems to be wondering on what might, could and should, have been.
0964385619|1.0|I know my original review was a long time ago but I retract my original review. Having done lots more research and being relatively successful in obtaining financial independence, there is nothing in this book that can't be obtained elsewhere and in a much better format.<br /><br />Plus as many reviewers have pointed out, this is a work of fiction(look at the book details in the first few pages). Kiyosaki made the bulk of his money from the sales of this book, not from investing. In fact, I destroyed my copy to prevent any other hapless soul reading this drivel.<br /><br />Sorry for my initial review. I was more naive in those days. Please avoid this book.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is a whole new sound.  Techno-pop for the masses.  Only Madonna can bring a genre percived as limited to clubbers to everyone.
B00000IJPU|3.0|Sure Iron Maiden has been listed in many modern metal band's list of influences, but Maiden's music proves that they are much more than just metal. Like Rush in the 70's, Maiden created an image with their album  covers, underscoring thier musical range. From the early punk-infused rock  of thier debut and Killers, to the progressive sounds of Somewhere in Time  and 7th son this cd proves that Iron Maiden has always been, for the most  part, an intelligent, musically talented band, which refused to fit neatly  into the genre contraints of metal, like so many of those bands they have  influenced. Though this collection misses some of thier best moments (such  as Alexander the Great, and the jazz infused Infinite Dreams), it is a good  introduction to the tepid listener who may not be a metal fan, but surly  would like the music of these British 40 somethings....
6300214559|5.0|Hi, when I first saw this movie I thouht it wasn't going to be that good, because I'm not really in to drama movies...But I though this movie was Great. The way the author captured the love &amp; trimuph of young Jane  &amp; her lover was soo good..If you have sen this movie then you know  exactly what I'm talking about..&amp; if you haven't seen it is one of  those &quot;must see&quot; movie. I think this It is one of the best movies  of our time. It is very very sad.....I recomend this to anyone out there  who loves movies...&quot;Josh&quot;
6303443214|5.0|It was more than the classic vampire movie with two of the hottest male stars in Hollywood, Brad Pitt as Louis and Tom Cruise as the seductive and evil Lestat. Add a bit of neck biting, head slashing, blood, and the settingof eighteenth~nineteenth century New Orleans and Paris, and voila!  You have yourself a classic that will leave you looking behind you to the  shadows.
0783226888|4.0|Who cares if this isn't a boring Streep/Costner movie. It's a Willis action movie for gosh sakes. If you like these type movies it's an acceptible 2 hours. If you don't, don't bother. I never saw the  &quot;original&quot; or read the book....but who cares? Turn your brain off  and enjoy the ride.
0790729636|3.0|Unbelievable sound on DVD pro-logic dolby. Probably ten times better in digital.
6302902010|1.0|Remakes are rarely as good as the original and this one is no exception. I would like to also be notified when the original is ever available, the 1959 version.
B00000I9P1|5.0|I'm surprised no one has come across reviewing &quot;When Seconds Count&quot; given all of the rave reviews for &quot;Eye of the Tiger&quot; and &quot;Caught in the Game&quot;!  Permit me to be the first Survivor fan  to do so.  I rate this CD as probably the best of Jim Jamison's years with  the band.  &quot;Keep It Right Here&quot;, &quot;Is This Love?&quot;, and  &quot;Can't Let You Go&quot; always demand multiple playings by me whenever  I pop this 1986 album in my stereo!  It truly pains me how underrated  Survivor has become in the past few years!  They were truly one of the  biggest, best-sounding rock powerhouses of the 80's/early 90's (aside from  their mainstream hit songs for the &quot;Rocky&quot; films)  Whether it's  Jamison or Dave Bickler at the mic, Survivor lights up any occassion!
B00000IMCW|5.0|We first saw Dawn of the Dead for the first time over 15 years ago and let me tell you: we are still watching it to this day. This movie is truly a horror classic! It is the best of the Living Dead trilogy, and is without  debate Romero's finest work to date. My brother went to the Monroeville  Mall just to be in the place where this film was created. It is not a scary  movie in the sense that it will make you jump from your chair, but it  offers the lucky viewer a glimpse into the chaos of a country overrun by  the recent dead. If you like this gener, see this movie. Oh...check out the  soundtrack in the MUsic section of Amazon...
0767800958|4.0|I'm a college student and I frequently channel surf!  This movie often airs on Showtime at nonpeak hours when I'm usually in a flipping mood and I'd rarely give it more than five minutes before I decide to flip.  I'm an art-ed. major who also loves music and dance and I kind of regret not  watching this movie sooner!  It's wonderful, even if it had a little too  much &quot;indy-film fest&quot; dialogue in it.  I understand that this was  meant and now that I've found out that Sally Potter also directed Orlando I  TOTALLY understand.  I really like that movie also.  &quot;The Tango  Lesson&quot; is the sole influence of my want to take tango lessons after  I've lost a lot of weight and I'm out of college!  Thanks Sally!  p.s.  I  love the song &quot;I Am You&quot;!
B000000OU6|5.0|Slash's Snakepit displays how much talent he had with GNR, and shows AXL was not the only talent.  In IT'S FIVE O' CLOCK SOMEWHERE there are a lot of guitar solo's such as in DIME STORE ROCK.  There are several vary worthy  songs in this CD, and it is worth buying for any Guns N Roses Fan.   <br />SLASH RULES!!!!!!!
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have the cd, and i cann't get enough of it, Limp Bizkit brought a new sence of music to the word, but @ the same time keeping his dignity, unlike some of the hard core rapers... i think their music is good, and even  better for partys...
078322706X|3.0|This movie was not all bad, Anthony Hopkins can carry a movie. Brad Pitt has alot of talent but was not used effectively in this movie. The young female lead seemed to always be thinking about something else, eyes always  wandering and mumbling her lines. Movie was too long.
0688171664|2.0|I found this book to be quite tiresome and ineffectual. Despite all the hype leaped upon it, and having read numerous reviews, I failed to see the relevence between Zen and the shock treatment given to the main character.  I simply got halfway through the book and had to move on to something more  interesting. nuff said.
0380973464|4.0|Good book, almost great.  Although Cryptonomicon divides its time between the 90s and the 40s, I'd have settled for the 40s.  Stephenson is an exceptionally intelligent writer, however, and we can safely expect even  better things to come.
6301930827|5.0|This is a very good representation of what a nuclear war really would be like from two different perspectives - that of the national leadership, and that of the crew of a B-52 sent to undertake a nuclear strike mission. By  far the most impressive aspect of this movie is the very realistic sequence  portraying the US Strategic Air Command detecting and responding to a  Soviet nuclear first strike, alerting the President, and then him having to  make the decision on how best to retaliate. They have done their homework  in this regard. Martin Landau turns in an excellent performance as a  confused, afraid President being confronted with armageddon in the early  hours of the morning. In SAC HQ, CINCSAC confronts the President of his own  imminent demise, with a warhead a mere two minutes away from destroying his  facility, thus highlighting the sacrifice of many in order to give the  President the chance to retaliate against what is clearly an unprovoked  attack.<br />As a strategic analyst who has done extensive research on nuclear  strategy, the representation of the roles of the General (James Earl Jones)  in the EC-135 Looking Glass plane, and the 'Presidential Replacement'  (Darren McGavin)in the E-4B NEACP plane are quite accurate, with a dramatic  conclusion perfectly timed. The movie also explores the interesting aspect  of the psychological pressures on the crew of the B-52, knowing their  families are dead, and their world destroyed. <br />Good special effects with  a dramatic confrontation between two MiG-25s and the BUFF over the pole,  and an innovative counter to the Foxbats keep the movie going at a cracking  pace.<br />Also interesting is the idea of 'intra-war' deterrence and  dialogue. The movie takes quite a sophisticated approach to the issue of  whether the US National Command Authority would want to talk with the  Soviets even after the missiles had flown on both sides, and the importance  of preserving command and control assets on both sides inorder to allow  war termination.<br />This certainly is one of the best nuclear war thrillers  since 'Failsafe', and 'The Bedford Incident'. Powers Boothe and Rebecca  DeMornay do a great job as the pilot and copilot of the B-52, but they are  overshadowed by the best thing about this movie - its a realistic  representation of nuclear war, something that is often lacking in many  other movies of this sub-genre. <br />I recommend this movie for both the  defence/security studies enthusiast, and also for someone just wanting a  good, dramatic movie that makes you think.
0425166805|5.0|This is especially for the &quot;stuffed geese&quot; of the world who think there is nothing true but what is passed down kindly from our grandfathers.  A revolutionary book!  Whets the appetite for more!
B000002H6C|5.0|Man this just wants to make you head-bang.  The riffs are brilliant.  Hetfields vocals  are the coolest.  This has kirks best solo work.  If you heavy metal get this metallica album along with puppets trust  I know I have been a loyal fan since they started.
0792151712|5.0|I thought this movie was great and one of the best that I have seen.  I'm a guy and dont care too much for Leo but I thought he did a great job as part of this movie.  It was a piece of history, the TITANIC.  It showed the  love that these two human beings had, and the ending is so breath taken  that you will be on the edge of your seat.  Now I never cried when he died  but I was very touched.  I just had to see the movie once I found out the  Reba McEntire turned down a part in the script when she couldnt post pon  her tour dates.  I think she would have made this movie a 5 star plus, when  it already is a five star.
6300215814|5.0|Breakfast is undoubtedly one of the greatest movies of all time, a true classic.  Ms. Hepburn is completely believeable as Holly Golightly.  The movie touches your heart.  You can't help but love Holly and  &quot;Fred-baby&quot;.  Two powerfully moving scenes:  When Holly says good  bye to Doc at the train station, and the most amazing and moving  performance I've ever seen, the last scene when Audrey Hepburn and George  Peppard are in the cab on the way to the airport.  &quot;You're already in  that cage, baby.  You built it yourself.&quot;  A definite must see.
B000002LFU|3.0|This album is OK. I am a huge REM fan, but this album just doesn't quite have the songs to put it on on pair with other REM classics (Life's Rich Pageant, Murmur, Best Of). Orange Crush is a great rocker, though.
6302732778|5.0|I've rented this movie a bunch of times before i bought it on dvd. The movie is totally differant in the director's cut than the other format.   But the thing that gets me is there is no version formated to fit your telle and if you  got 60 inch screen what a waste of space.   If I could  find a copy thats formated for normal veiwing I would get it.
6302732875|5.0|Is this a great movie or what.  The gentleman from London hit the nail on the head when he said that you don't know how to insult people until you've seen this film.<br />Alec Baldwin should be knighted for the ten minutes that  he is in this film.  <br />Same with Pacino.  The man is over the top!!<br />this  is the ultimate guys' movie, and although it is probably too intense for  certain people, it is unbelievably funny and too good to miss for most.
B000002WYT|5.0|i don't know enough words to describe this CD. I was moved beyond words by the very nature of the songs, words, ect.
6300214826|5.0|The neat thing about A.N. is that you can watch the first half of it and still have seen 2 or three decent movies. It captures things about our big blunder that need to be remembered.
6302293553|5.0|If you like movies with stupid comedy this is the best.Eespecially the part with the Killer Rabbit. This is British comedy at it's best.
157492589X|5.0|I watched Lonesome Dove for the first a few days ago and let me tell you, it was GREAT!  I watched the entire series in one viewing (and I cannot wait to watch it again soon).  The cast, the script, and the direction are all superb.  Robert Duvall's and Tommy Lee Jones' performances are at their  best.  Anyone who loves a great western or drama should view this movie.
B000002UCE|5.0|The Imagine CD was a very well-written collection of music, at least in my opinion. It did have a little of the Beatle beat, and that might have given it a little-less effect than songs like &quot;God&quot; or &quot;Working  Class Hero&quot;, but it did have pretty good emotional songs like &quot;I  Don't Wanna Be a Soldier&quot; that represent the pain and feeling of not  wanting to go die in Vietnam. And of course there's the old standby of  &quot;Imagine&quot;, a very sweet song full of emotion, that Paul McCartney  could never had written. Not made for pop music at all, this is just one of  John Lennon's musical masterpieces. I also enjoyed the Imagine Soundtrack,  in case anyone's interested.
0804102988|4.0|Until &quot;Sarum&quot; I never could figure out the Irish Caholic versus Protestant conflict.  Couldn't intelligent people find compromises?  There was much more involved than religious principles; and &quot;Sarum&quot;  took the bits and pieces I've learned about history, politics, religion,  and economics and packaged them into an enjoyable reading experience.  The  four stars reflects that, at several points, the writing and editing  becomes sloppy; and the characters and events become confused and hard to  follow.  The style, also, may drive some folks insane.  I don't mind  jumping from historical framing to narrative, but some of my friends mind  this style very much.  I look forward to Mr. Rutherfurds other works.
6304118406|5.0|This is a joyfully violent and outrageous movie, with fantastic performances from everybody (including Rodney Dangerfield as the Father from Hell). The story trips along in a bloody mosaic, following the love of  the star-crossed lovers, Mickey &amp; Mallory. It isn't that these two  aren't murderous psychos, but that society (and the cops who hunt and cage  them) is just as sick and twisted as they are.The fact this movie is  already blamed for several real life killings just shows that Oliver  Stone's vision rings true. We don't mind being a nation of victims, just as  long as we get our faces on the evening news. Be sure to get the director's  cut, btw, it has the true ending Stone wanted.
B000001FS6|5.0|Rattle And Hum was the first U2 album I bought, and it remains one of my favorites, mostly, I think, because they were showing that they too are rock'n'roll fans. The critics called it egotism, but it's really about  respect for U2's heros. Hghlights include God Part II, Angel Of Harlem,  Desire, Hawkmoon 269, and spectacular live versions of Pride and Bullet The  Blue Sky.
0679882820|5.0|Mr. Brown was one of the only books that my daughter would grab from her book shelf.  Although she was only 16 months old when I started reading it to her, she would try to mimic all the sounds that I was saying.  Now my  daughter is 22 months old and when I say let's read, she still reaches for  Mr. Brown Can Moo Can You?
B000001EAQ|5.0|As with many fans, the first time I heard this I asked myself &quot;who the heck is /this/?&quot; As I listened to it more and more, I discovered that it's the same old U2 with a new feature added. They haven't really  changed, they just added on, and if you can't recognize that, you're  probably not a true fan. They were tired of their image and wanted to  change it. They took a risk, and unfortunately, some people don't  appreciate that. If you give this album a chance, you'll find it's just as  great as the others, with the same deep meanings in the songs. It's just a  little more covered up now, and it takes a true fan to appreciate and  recognize that.
6305268843|5.0|As a hopeless romantic I was completely fulfilled with all the quality this movie possessed: Great acting, wonderful musical score, and extraordinary chemistry between the lovers. In addition, all the supporting  roles were A-1 quality. I am surprised that this movie did not get the  exposure it deserved. I have rented it twice and each time I liked it more.   If the price on the video would go down , I'd add it to my collection,  this one replaces my all time favorite &quot; Somewhere in Time&quot;.  I  also wish that the soundtrack would become available, I searched the  internet to no avail. I think the ending was appropriate and I suspect that  he purposely orchestrated his demise as this was the best solution to stay  with his beloved.
B000001F5F|5.0|I love this album. I do think they should have put more songs from Red Rocks, especially New Year's Day, but overall it's a great album. When Edge muted the guitar string in Party Girl, it kinda humanized the band; let  everyone know that they make mistakes like everyone else. Next to Live Aid,  that's my favorite moment in U2's history.
6305169187|2.0|After watching &quot;Deep Impact&quot; this movie was rather lame.  It's the same movie, only worse.  Aerosmith song is great &amp; the special effects are notable.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Oh my sweet Lord! Who knew that Santana would come out with another amazing album? It's absolutely thrilling to hear them playing with Dave Matthews! Rob Thomas! Laurn Hill! And that track featuring Eric Clapton is  breathtaking to say the least. If anyone is thinking about buying this CD,  my advice is DO IT!!!!!
6303832563|5.0|I have a long history with this film.  I was fortunate enough to hear Mr. Reggio introduce and talk about his film in NM back in the 80's.  Then I got to hear Phillip Glass perform live, with the film in the background, in  Washington DC.  I have been absolutely astounded by the film each of the  four or five times total I have seen it and have fervently wished to have  it on video.  I have checked lots of places and have only a few leads to  show for it.  But last night, 7-26-99, I heard a BBC interview saying that  it WAS being re-released.  It was infuriatingly short on details,  naturally, but hopefully we'll start to see things show up on web searches  soon. If you have info, please contact me at thomahal@yahoo.com.  I'll post  anything I find out here.
0783225970|5.0|This is one of the greatest achievements in film. Pacino *is* Tony Montana. He gives the performance of his life.
6300214710|5.0|After countless attempts to find this classic treasure, I am so glad that Amazon.com can offer what this movie provides. It's a definitely a &quot;keeper&quot;. This movie is a portrayal of two sides that work  against the odds. How else can we enjoy a classic without Molly and Andrew.
0380973464|5.0|Each of Neal Stephenson books are unique, entertaining and educational (oh, no watch out for learning!).  Cryptonomicon keeps the trend going.
B000002H33|5.0|When I ordered this CD I wasn't expecting it to be this good.  I was expecting it to be the new, crappy heavy metal (like Limp Bizkit and Korn).  But when I listened to this I was sure that it was Metallica's best album  ever.  It ranks up there with ...And Justice For All.  I think that tracks  #2 (MASTER OF PUPPETS), #4 (WELCOME HOME [SANITARIUM]) and #7 (ORION  [Instrumental]) were awesome.  Track #3 (THE THING THAT SHOULD NOT BE) was  pretty cool too.  I think that any Metallica fan will like this album.   Even the ones used to the new Bob Rock produced albums will enjoy this one.   Cliff Burton's bass intro on DAMAGE, INC. is worth it in itself.
0553573403|4.0|Steeped in political intrigue and civil war, Martin transports the reader to a world that is devoid of traditional magic, but rather filled with the magic of human emotion and fraility.  Only complaints are lack of details  during battles and too many one dimensional characters.  Martin's  willingness to kill off characters could open interesting possiblities for  other characters in future volumes.  Do not hesitate to pick this series  up, you will not be disappointed.
B00000ILBK|3.0|As a trekky from outside the US,  the only thing I enjoyed much during the movie was to see old friends; Picard, Riker, Data, Worf, Geordi, Diana, and  Doc, together.   It was really like one of the ordinary two episodes TV  series, nothing else.
B00000DFSK|5.0|If your just getting into the music of U2 this &quot;Best of the 80's&quot; CD is the album to purchase. Although I recommend that sooner or later you buy every U2 album, this is a good one to start out with. I love  every song on this album, (&quot;Pride, In the Name of Love&quot; is simply  the best rock song ever recorded), but I wish they included two tracks from  &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; that really rock &quot;Hawkmoon 269&quot;, and  &quot;God Part 2&quot;. When buying this album buy along with it the best  album of the 90's &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, you will see how U2 has  developed through the years.
0790736233|2.0|Everything wrong with Hollywood movies is found in this movie.  The central concept of how the Earthlings would deal with knowledge of the existence of an alien civilization is dealt with in a superficial and  melodramatic way.  The actors' were all melodramatic, though some of this  may be blamed on the screenplay.  Foster gave a very bad and unconvincing  performance.  When push came to shove, she wimped out in her defense of her  atheism (though that's the screenwriter's fault).  She was horribly  miscast.  To this day, she still looks like a teenage tomboy.  Only  Skerritt and Hurt gave convincing and interesting performances.  If you're  watching this on cable, skip the first 40 minutes.  If this is truly an  accurate rendition of Sagan's novel (which I haven't read), then I owe the  film's makers and actors an apology.  But from a purely cinematic  viewpoint, it's extremely disappointing.
014028009X|3.0|This will make you laugh, I think every woman can identify with some element of this book.  However, don't believe the reviews you read that scream, &quot;Bridget Jones is me!!!&quot;  At least I hope not, because  that makes me fear for the future of females in society.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie is one of the greatest of all time.  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman are magnificent!
B00000IPAX|5.0|All the song on enema are great from the fast beats of &quot;the party song&quot; all the way down to the calm side.  With &quot;Whats my age again&quot; being the hit song it is so cool.  this cd should be in  everones Cd collection.
B000002N2Z|5.0|this cd kiks a*s.  Chino really brings out the best in his singing in this album.
B0000089GM|5.0|If you want to know what Till is singing don't listen to the incorrect translations of Engel and Du Hast! Use your search engine and find the translations. They sound horrible in english! The music and english do not  do well together even with Till's sexy voice. So get some other Sehnsucht  bonous track and enjoy the power of Rammstein!
6305426651|5.0|This movie is not so much as a Holocaust movie as it is a love story, and an incredibly touching one at that.  Therefore it can be fully and completely exonerated for not being &quot;Schindler's List&quot; (which, by  the way, is not nearly as good as everyone thinks it is).  What La Vita e  Bella is is a story that restores hope in mankind; it says that even in the  face of ultimate evil, love will always triumph.  At the end of the film  (&quot;We won!&quot;), I felt that Life is, indeed, beautiful.
B00000DGUG|1.0|this cd is horrible compared to jagged little pill-the only two songs that are even close to good are &quot;so pure&quot; and &quot;joining you&quot;
B000001EAQ|5.0|I have been a U2 fan since &quot;War,&quot; and with each album I am increasingly impressed.  The band hasn't sold out; they've simply matured their sound and grown up.  The production on &quot;Pop&quot; is absolutely  stunning, but the band is the real star.  The Edge's guitar work has never  been so visionary, and Bono's lyrics continue to improve.  Forget the title  of the album -- this is deep, personal, haunting music.  Songs like  &quot;Gone,&quot; &quot;The Playboy Mansion,&quot; &quot;If God Will Send  His Angels,&quot; and &quot;Please&quot; are among the most daring work of  U2's career. These songs are brilliant, and this whole album is a  masterpiece.  The greatest band on the planet.  Spread the word, MOFOs.   Quit STARING AT THE SUN, pretending it's the LAST NIGHT ON EARTH, and  PLEASE get this album before it's GONE.  Are you a U2 fan? DO YOU FEEL  LOVED?
B000002UKS|4.0|This album was good, but Dave's drumming can't compare to William Goldsmith's.  It is unfortunate that he left the band.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The video transfer is extraordinary!  The THX sound is fantastic, the dolby digital rocks!  This is one of the best DVD's I've seen to date!  The widescreen and extra footage is worth it, although, they probably could  have left out the cheasy footage of Ripley asking about her daughter.  The  added scenes did seem to be a little less &quot;crisp&quot; than the rest  of the movie, probably couldn't get as good of transfer on those because of  the condition of the edited film.  If you want action, and outstanding  special effects, get this DVD.  For any Alien fan, this DVD is a must buy!   As usual, my one complaint is the layer transfer, they should do this  during a black scene so it's not so obvious...
B000002UZ4|5.0|These are 18 songs that are a joy to hear including my favorites, like West End Girls, Opportunities, What Have I Done To Deserve This, Left To My Own Devices, So Hard, Being Boring and Was It Worth It. &quot;Che Guevara  and Debussy to a disco beat&quot; ... This is a great listen, all the way  through.
0790733226|1.0|Can anyone tell me what's the story? Why did the other docter want all the credits? Why is there the extremist? The blind guy could be God too!The only thing thats clear is that Robert Z. had some music left from Forrest  Gump and thought why shoudn't I use it for an other movie?
014028009X|2.0|I got this book from the library (lucky me).  Yes, the book is light reading and has its funny moments.   However, pretty quickly, I could already tell the ending of the story.  I don't know whether the author  deliberately wanted to make a mockery of Jane Austen's &quot;Pride and  Prejudice&quot; and contrast Bridget Jones (a single woman in the 90's)  with the collected Elizabeth Benette.  It's never clear why Mark Darcey  fell in love with Bridget.  (I guess you can say the same thing about Mr.  Darcy falling for Elizabeth.)  The plot about Bridget's mother just seems a  little too far-fetched, compared to Elizabeth's sister eloping with a  man.<br />What I like about this book is that it is honest.  Like when  Bridget's mother disappeared, Bridget, while worried, also welcomed the  opportunity of being able to be closer to Mark.  Similarly, when Bridget's  best friend was missing, Bridget got to feel her importantance among the  circle of friends as they were all desperately searching for him.
0670880728|5.0|A book every girl should read.  Easy to relate to  and very funny
0440180295|4.0|While not Vonnegut's funniest, or even most poignant, &quot;Slaughter House Five&quot; points out the absurdity of war effectively.  As everyone points out, it is similar in nature to Catch-22, but only in that it  conveys its message in an unorthodoxed manner.  To condemn this book  because it's &quot;Anti-war&quot; is absolutely ridiculous.  Vonnegut shows  us that the bombing of millions of INNOCENT human beings is truely horrific  and inexcusable.  As the victors, we (Americans) tend to ignore the less  than dubious actions taken by our side.  Sure, right is served, but at what  cost?  Do we not become the same monsters which we are  &quot;valiantly&quot; trying to defeat?  Are the millions dead in Dresden  and in Hiroshima no less innocent than the millions killed in concentration  camps?  That is the question Vonnegut wants to ask.  Read it... it will  make you laugh, it will make you sad, and more importantly, it will make  you THINK.
B000002UKS|5.0|The Foofighters Rock.This Cd has a whole bunch of great music on it. You should definetly buy it.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I wish I could imagine what it would be like never to have heard any Springteen.  But if you were in that tragic state I'm certain 'Tracks' would be the perfect introduction. It's just the most stunning collection  of an artist's work and, unlike The Beatles' 'Anthology', Dylan 'Bootlegs'  or any other 'from the vaults' collection, it repays endless repeat plays.   Ignore all the bruceophiles showing off about having heard it all before on  bootleg - this is prime quality stuff and even if your Springsteen  experience is limited to Dancing In The Dark or Born To Run, buy this and  play it again and again.  You'll love it!
0385493800|4.0|Excellent description of the Pantanal and the Brazilian way-of-live. It was just my second risham book after The Streetlawyer, but I enjoyed it very much. Just the end is a bit fast comming, so I was disappointed by it.  In all i recommend this book to everyone who whants to start reading with  Grishams works
0671027344|5.0|What can I say? This is the best book that I have ever read, better than &quot;Catcher In The Rye&quot; in my opinion. The main character, Charlie, kind of reminds me of Homer from the book &quot;The Human Comedy&quot;  (read it!) except wimpier. I think the wimpiness is a good thing for his  characterization, contrary to what many of you think. The story is all the  more powerful when you can identify with a character who actually CRIES  sometimes. The thing that made this book so great was probably Charlie's  sympathy for everything else. This book didn't just revolve around sports  or sex (admit it, sex was only a small part). Being a 13-year-old, I know  that most teenagers aren't so open about the things that Charlie writes  about, which actually adds to the book's uniqueness and the fact that it is  impossible to put down. If there was one thing I was disappointed in, it  was the fact that Charlie was so perfect. I know some people would say he  was disturbed, but he seemed really intelligent in a different way than  people usually view intelligence. He never made any really big mistakes in  the whole book (except for the scene where he kissed Sam instead of his  girlfriend, but that was just him being honest). Wouldn't a normal teenager  do SOMETHING that they later regret? Also, notice that Charlie never  mentions feeling guilty or angry throughout the whole book, as far as I can  remember. He is always just sad, which is kind of unrealistic. Another  thing that could bring the reader down is that Charlie's friends are so  perfect, and he gets to experience things like the &quot;Rocky Horror  Picture Show&quot;. What about all the teenagers who have no friends and  are stuck in the house all day watching TV while the popular kids go to  movies and parties?
B00000JCB2|4.0|You either really like the songs or hate them.  I found it hard to get through some of the songs but I also pressed repeat many times.  If you like rock/rap this is great.  good music and the lyrics are decent.  Worth  the 13 bucks paid for it.
0553266306|5.0|Having read numerous political thrillers, The Day of the Jackal remains one of my favorite.  Forsythe keeps the plot moving at a lightning pace, making the book almost impossible to put-down.  The skill with which  Forsythe wrote is even more obvious after seeing the ridiculously bad film  version starring Bruce Willis.
0553275976|5.0|From it's thrilling opening to its open-ended conclusion, this is a book you not only want to keep reading and reading but never forget about afterwards. All the characters - their wants, fears, ambitions, and  failures - make them human  and believable. Depraved though they may all  be, they are too complex merely to be shrugged off as  &quot;unlikable.&quot; What makes this book great is not only its wonderful  and on-point observations of New York but also its brilliant little  touches: &quot;The Masters of the Universe,&quot; the wonderful &quot;Hack  hack hack hacking&quot; laughs, the hilarious tabloid headline &quot;Scalp  Grandma, Then Rob Her&quot; and on and on and on. I predict that fifty  years from now school kids will be reading this along with &quot;The Great  Gatsby&quot; as one of the defining novels of the twentieth century. It is  a fierce and uncompromising look at &quot;the way we live now&quot; and its  greatness comes from the fact that it doesn't spare anyone. I could write a  whole book about how good &quot;Bonfire&quot; is and surely this book  exists on so many levels that years from now people will write multitudes  about its numerous meanings. And so on. One question: what does  &quot;Heh-heggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh&quot; mean?
0385484518|5.0|I am a fifteen year old male who when was  shone this book for the first time was not at all thrilled about reading it. As I started the first page I could not put it down until the end of the first chapter!   I think that  personally every person should either hear or read the message that this  book has to offer. Although not everybody will experience the same message  I think that they will have a good one.
078322706X|5.0|Like having a wonderful 7 course dinner at a 5 star gourmet restaurant with the best wine, music, and excellent company.  Martin Brest put together this feast and the actors and composer (Thomas Newman) present it  with such style!  Every scene delivers yet another savory experience you  want to devour it completely.  You never get the feeling of being rushed  during this movie.  Everything is timed so that it can be enjoyed  perfectly.  When the three hour extravagansa is over you're completely  satisfied.  Later the exquisite blend of flavors come back to you and you  want to sample this masterpiece again and again.
B000005J56|5.0|Ry Cooder had a musical brainstorm when he put together this album.  We are able to hear all the greats of Cuban music on this album, and it doesnt disappoint the listener.  The album can become adictive and you will want  to listen to it all the time.  One of the best CDs I've bought in along  time
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall has improved each time she has recorded an album. In her selections, renditions on both piano and her vocals, she reaches new heights and travels new paths. She played many of these selections in her  recent JVC Carnegie Hall performance, and brought down the house - best  being &quot;East of the Sun&quot;. She is a true jewel of jazz.
0312853238|3.0|I've been hearing rave reviews about Enders Game for years. I read it last weekend and I did enjoy it, however, I do think some people adorned this story with too much praise. I'm not saying it was bad, it's just not the  Sci-Fi genius I've been hearing (nor does it deserve a &quot;5 star&quot;  rating). It kept me interested throughout, but I predicted the ending two  chapters prior. <br />For a decent Sci-Fi story, Ender's Game will do. If you  desire more depth, read &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot;.
0780625129|5.0|This movie is educational, entertaining, controversial and above all, very well acted. Edward Norton gives a great performance as a turned skinhead who does what he can to un-do all the wrong he has done in the past, to  save his family and especially his little brother.  This film shows why we  have all these problems all over the country with kids killing other kids.   It's a must-see for parents.  I've already made my pre-order!
B00000DATR|3.0|I have every reason to really hate this album:<br />*Another Tubular Rehash -- like MO has to name them &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; in order to sell.<br />*This is less a recreation of the original TB and more of a sequel.   Reviewers rhapsodize about TB themes popping up throughout this one... but  really, what's the deal?  MO has hidden themes from the original TB in just  about every album since &quot;Platinum&quot;.<br />*&quot;The Top of The  Morning&quot; - In which MO ventures dangerously into territory blazed (?)  by John Tesh and Yanni.  <br />*MO has been playing the same @!!* guitar  solo for 20 years.<br />*The recurring three note theme throughout this CD is  derived directly from NBC-TV's old three-note sonic logo.<br />*Gratuitious pop  song &quot;Man in the Rain&quot; is really an uncredited &quot;Moonlight  Shadow II&quot;<br />*Ask yourself: does the world really need a &quot;Tubular  Bells&quot; you can dance to? <br />HOWEVER... I can't stop playing this CD  because the considerable talent of Mike Oldfield somehow makes it work in  spite of itself.  And besides... a derivitive instrumental Mike Oldfield is  still light years ahead of the derivative pop song Mike Oldfield.
630407185X|5.0|I liked the movie because it had a lot of action sequences and I like movies with paratroopers.Matt
0871137380|4.0|Exciting and detailed, a must read for those interested in the military.  I was moved by the bravery of the men and the confusion of the situation.  However, the narrative was a little confusing - more maps, diagrams and  pictures would have helped.
0451169514|5.0|Like many (unfortunate) people, I saw the miniseries before I read the book.  I thought that the miniseries was good, but the ending really...well, was awful.  When I read the book, I understood how it related  to everything else.  Some people do not like the ending of the book either,  but I have to say that it was very impressive.  Maybe the fact that I also  read the DT series first made me think different.  Incredible book.  I  would recommend It to anyone.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Blood Sugar Sex Magik was their best but this is an EXTREMELY close second. Buy it man!
0792156684|4.0|I am not a person to be taken in by romantic movies, in fact I am so one who likes action movies, the bloodier the better. however, I saw this movie a few months after it was released when you could actually get in on a  Sunday..and I cried. I don't think I ever cried in a movie before. I saw it  with my husband, and let me tell you..in the 8 years I was with him, I  never saw him so affected my a movie. I didn't care for the romance..the  sinking of the ship..the frozen bodies..the panic..it all tore at me. I  actually had nighmares. That frozen baby and mother will haunt me. Any  movies that does that..makes you think like that..well, I truly believe  this movie deserved the oscar and yes, even the hype. Although tragic  romance appeals to so many, what really got me was, THIS happened...those  people died like that. Sure Jack and Rose were made up, fictional  characters..but all the events that surrounded them..it really blew me  away.
0788812408|5.0|Other than flying, swimming and actually &quot;living&quot; underwater is another dream so many of us enjoy.  This is a wholesome and sweet, happy ending American film, definitely a feel good show!  From my three year old  to my 33 year old husband, we all sing and enjoy ALL the songs from the  totally fantastic soundtrack - it is incredible!  My only complaint is that  it doesn't seem to be on DVD yet!  When it does, I am there!
0684843749|2.0|While the whole of the Arnold mythology is an interesting subject, as a training reference this book is questionable. The more I learn about lifting, the less I like this book. Arnold's success came from fabulous  genetics, hard work, supreme self-confidence, steroids, and the  behind-the-scenes assistance of Joe Weider. It wasn't from the two-hour  workouts and &quot;sculpting&quot; exercises found in the first edition of  this book. Some of the exercise advice he gives out - and just about anyone  else ever associated with Joe Weider - has misled the entire community of  body building wanna-bees for a generation.
B000005RFQ|5.0|Ian gillan screams fiendishly making this incarnation a classic one.  If you love ian vocals and his wails and screams.  Buy this one.  Hearing 'disturbing the priest' or born again will make u wonder how u live this  long without this one.
0374172897|5.0|I read Cunningham's &quot;A Home at the End of the World&quot; in 1992 and was impressed.  I read his &quot;Flesh and Blood&quot; a couple years ago.  That one I found to be a good, entertaining read, but when I ended it, I  shelved it and never thought of it again. But &quot;The Hours&quot;?  In my  estimation:  Brilliant.  Poetic.  Philosophical.  And the  ending...powerful.  It is one of the most exquisitely written books I have  ever read.  Fortunately, I read it immediately after reading Woolf's  &quot;Mrs. Dalloway.&quot; While it might have taken me a month to plow  through the dense though provocative &quot;Mrs. Dalloway,&quot; I am so  glad I did as I don't think one could fully appreciate Cunningham's  enormous talent without having a fresh recollection of Clarissa and Richard  Dalloway, Septimus, Sally, et. al.  I think the two books should be sold as  a set.  In the end, let me add this tidbit:  Several days before the  Pulitzer Prizes, one of my New York author friends told me Cunningham was a  Pulitzer finalist along with Barbara Kingsolver.  I am a big fan of  Kingsolver, thought highly of her &quot;The Poisonwood Bible,&quot; and was  hoping she would be recognized.  She wasn't.  Barbara, next time.   Cunningham richly deserved his honors for this outstanding novel, which is  one of the all-time beautiful pieces of fiction, superior to Woolf's  classic, in my humble opinion.  I can't wait to see if he can top it.
0671027344|5.0|I think that was a great book.  One of the reviews said that it should have censored it but if it were censored then it wouldn't have seemed real.  Censorship makes books fake.  I really liked this book and would recommend  it to anyone in high school..
B000008HPE|4.0|In today's popular music landscape of raw, hard, heavy music filled with paranoia and complaint, Huey Lewis and the News have retreated to playing casinos and public fairgrounds for the most part.  From a trend standpoint,  their music didn't travel well through the nineties.  It seems that you  don't find many Huey Lewis and the News fans anymore, at least many proud  ones.  However, that doesn't take away from their musicianship; and it  shouldn't take away from one's enjoyment of this finely crafted, good time  rock and roll.  This album wasn't the smash hit like &quot;Sports;&quot;  but it still demonstrates their great vocal and instrumental talents.  The  harmonies are particularly impressive on this recording, demonstrated on  tracks like &quot;Whole Lotta Loving&quot; and the a-capella  &quot;Naturally.&quot;  These days, rock music seems preoccupied with songs  that are lyrically profound and nihilistic.  If that's your thing, you  won't find it here.
B00000IOSU|5.0|While many artists cannot successfully transfer their studio accomplishments to the stage, Sarah McLachlan fans will enjoy the freshness of new and live versions of songs from her two previous releases,  &quot;Surfacing&quot; and &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstacy&quot;. With  &quot;Mirrorball&quot;, Sarah once again reminds us that she is a complete  talent, as both a songwriter and live performer. The beautifully simple  &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; is a masterpiece. Thank you, Sarah.
B000002KET|4.0|Sabbath gets more progressive, yet they still rock. Only one studio album (Sabotage) after this is truly worthwhile.
B00000IOSU|4.0|I keep this on whenever I can. Mostly in the evenings when I wont to unwind. Her voice is excellent.  She really knows how to identify with feelings, and emotions. I get a real sence of peace when I hear the music.   I seem to blend in with it.  An excellent way to make it all seem  worthwhile . A real find in today`s hectic world.
B000002BQK|5.0|Not the 'typical' Mariah Carey (although I do that love that Mariah as well).  In this album, she truly breaks free.  The album is honest...and beautiful.  Not for her 'beep-bop-only' fans, but one willing to grow with  her.  On &quot;Butterfly&quot; Mariah seems to have come home.  The songs  are natural &amp; rythmic and simply take you away.  Mariah has stated  &quot;Butterfly&quot; as her favorite album, and I'm stating it as mine.   &quot;Butterfly&quot; is a must-have.
B0000026TD|5.0|I don't know who or what could inspire a human being to write music like this. I sure hope that someday I'll find what he found.<br />Use this CD wisely, and you'll create memories that will stay with you forever.<br />Book  of Roses comes next. =)
B00000163G|5.0|In my opinion this CD is the best Death Row CD's ever along with &quot;Doggystyle&quot;.  On this CD will get you bumpin' with songs like &quot;California Love&quot; and &quot;U Cant C Me&quot; also it  will get  you thinking with songs like &quot;Only God Can Judge Me&quot;,and  &quot;Life Goes On&quot;.  I suggest you go buy this one.  I agree what  Frank Alexander (Tupacs bodygaurd) says in his book, &quot;If East Coast  rhymes are for the mind, West Coast is strictly for that @$$&quot;  and  this CD proves it. Peace
1573226521|5.0|If you have ever wanted to go to paradise but can't find anywhere perfect enough Alex Garlands novel  The Beach will certainly change your mind. Richard a young backpacker and a couple from France set off to find a  paradise like beach using a map given to them by a mysterious man called  Daffy Duck. What they find seems perfect, until it all starts to go wrong.  A stunning debut, very compelling. A wonderful book for the beach.
0880389052|4.0|I have not read many of Salvatores books, only homeland and the demonwars trilogy, and I see reocurring things in the two stories. The characters of Elbryan Wyndon and Drizzt Do'Urden are very similar, both in personality  and weapon prestige.      I will not deny that this a great book, and I  have read it many times over, Salvatore blends and intricately detailed  city, a political struggle and a fight against conscience ina gripping and  enthralling read.      If you want to start reading Salvatore, then start  with the demonwars trilogy. This is a great book but a mere shadow of the  Demonwars.
0140187537|5.0|While The Winter of Our Discontent may not be the most well-known of Steinbeck's works, it certainly is one of the best.  The easy, fluid style with which he writes makes the book an outstanding choice for casual  reading.
B0000024K1|5.0|Never have I heard a rap album with so many strong songs.  Basically I listen to music for its lyrical/political content since any sincerely played tune is music and after so many listens can become as beautiful as  its creator's vision. After a life of rock and country, &quot;A Nation of  Millions&quot; is the album which switched me over to rap for good. (and  I'm a 40 year old white boy whose first job was in CW) I bought my first  copy of &quot;A Nation of Millions&quot; five years ago.  played it to  death and am now on my third copy.  no gin and juice, no bitches and hos,  just amazing sounds and astonishing thoughts.  An real eye opener
0062502182|5.0|This fable is unlike any story that i have ever read.  Naturally, I dreaded reading this story for my sophomore english class, but it was a wonderful experience.  being taken through the adventures of the  intelligent and caring Santiago was very enjoyable.  This book is highly  recommended to people of any age.
B000002UAR|5.0|For all the praise lavished on &#34;Sgt. Pepper&#34; and &#34;Abbey Road,&#34; it is &#34;Revolver&#34; (1966) that endures as the finest Beatles album.  From &#34;Taxman&#34; to &#34;Tomorrow Never Knows,&#34; every track shines in timeless fashion.  &#34;Revolver&#34; has no self-indulgences or throwaways —  it's a beautifully crafted work that reveals the group's symbiotic energy and creativity. Decades later, &#34;Revolver&#34; remains among the landmark recordings of the 20th century.
0380973464|5.0|Hard to tell what's fact or fiction, compelling reading.  His first two novels are next on my list.  Great mix of technology, history, geography and character development.  Very enjoyable.
6304117752|5.0|this was a great movie I SAW IT TODAY AND LOVED IT! I came right on Amazon and reviewed it. Even though I'm only 8 I'm doing a great big review on it. I think alot of oter kids shoud see this movie because Its a great movie  for youngsters. This movie is great for kids as well as grown ups.Now Julie  Andrews is one of my most favorite people. The End.
0679720200|3.0|The only part that is worth mention is the simple manner in whcih Camus writes...  the message is somewhat worthwhile.  The reason i became engrossed in it was because I expected it to become better, but it never  did.  My advice:<br />DON'T START READING IT EXPECTING TO BE A MASTERPIECE!
0694013889|5.0|My daughter was given this book as a gift from her babysitter.  We pulled it out when she was 28 month's old.  By the end of the month she was fully potty trained.  That was two years ago.  The book kept her interested in  sitting on her potty.  It really is a cute book!
B00000IP3S|5.0|WOW!Everything on this record kills everyone (save for track #6, which has a terribly muddy production) If you don't buy this record, you are already in the grave!
1573225517|5.0|I read this book twice -- once when I was single (loved it), and again while I was seven months pregnant, stranded with sciattica in my hotel room in Venice while my husband went sight-seeing.  The hotel had a copy of HIGH  FIDELITY in its small &quot;lenders&quot; library and I snatched it with  huge relief. It was even better the second time.  While bolts of pain shot  down my left leg and my unborn son trounced merrily on my spine, I followed  Hornby's tale of love, lust and ambiguity to its brilliant conclusion.   Laughing out loud is difficult when you are third-trimester incontinent,  but I managed.  This is one of my  favorite books -- wickedly funny, dead  brutal, and absolutely uproarious in its twists.  It is one of those rare  books that can be equally enjoyed by both sexes --  Hornby is a riot, a  writer's writer.  I especially liked his use of music -- an added thread of  interest to an already engrossing narrative.  His characters are oddly  real, compelling, a joy -- the dialogue crackles with life.  I gasped more  than once at his exhuberant style, his sure hand with the most delicate of  subjects.  If you read only one book this summer, make it HIGH FIDELITY.  I  would be dumbstruck if ABOUT A BOY were as startling, but I plan to give it  a try.  This man has it.
6300181286|5.0|No horror film has the power or ability to capture one's fragile attention and send chills as this masterpiece does. Even after over 65 years this picture looks just as eerie as it did when it first came out.       Boris  Karloff is in top form as the cinema's most misunderstood monster with  stunning makeup effects that have yet to be equaled. It is the role that  seared his place in the annals of moviemaking. His painful groaning and  moaning seems to echo one's sole desire to have a place in society, one  that is afraid to accept an individual who looks and acts different from  the rest of the so-called &quot;normal&quot; crowd. Watch for the famous  lake scene with the little girl, a scene known to create shock in 1930's  audiences and still packs a whollop to this day. And no, the kitten didn't  get hurt. It runs away off camera when the little girl sets it down to play  with the monster.
B000009QPE|3.0|Please do not get me wrong. I like metal. I like stuffs loud, speedy and heavy. I dislike Bon Jovi or Van Halen. Many previous reviews say that Slayer's Reign in blood is definitely the best thrash metal album,  overwhelming Metallica's Master of puppets. That's why I bought this album.  But how disappointing it was! I do not understand why some fans say this is  the real best. All songs in this stuffs sound like the same one without any  dramatic and complex structure that all songs of &quot;old Metallica&quot;  have. If the only thing I want is loud play, then why wouldn't I rather  pick up Quiet Riot? This album is at best mediocre, compared to Master of  puppets or Ride the lightning.   I might not be a hard-core thrash fan. OK.  But I think how heavy it is is not the only measure of its quality. This  album is definitely overrated.
0812589041|5.0|Card's best work (which says a lot, for he is head and shoulders above other writers).  Enders Game is the best book I have ever read, and I've read it numerous times.  I recommend it to all, not just sci-fi buffs, I  guarantee it will change your world.
0671027344|4.0|I really liked this book.  It was in teresting to see how Charlie went throught the toils and tourtures of high school.  He had to deal with most of the stuff that teens deal with today. The only thing that i would change  about about this book was the authors language.  He used shall we say adult  langue that teenagers don't use.  Overall this book was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!
B000009DUY|4.0|This soundtrack is a tribute to the thousands who died to save Western Civilazation on June 6, 1944.  The music by Mr. Williams is overwhelmingly beautiful.  God bless the men who died for us, God bless Steven Speilberg  for reminding us of their heroism, and God bless John Williams for his  stirring tribute to the Fallen.
6304938276|2.0|Scream 2 was a big let down from the surprise instant classic Scream. There were many reasons why - 1st of all Kevin Williamson since Scream has been writing so many movie scripts along with a hit TV series, he hardly  has the chance to put any quality in them. I've even heard that he's  getting help from another writer for Scream 3 because he has too many  scripts to write. If he took his time and waited a few years this could of  been a good sequel. Another flaw is that this movie should of made fun of  sequels more than it did in it's one college discussion and coffe house  scene. That was a big thing about the original, having the characters make  fun of the genre they're actually in - which was unique. Also unlike the  1st one where every killing had a motive - there is none here, besides a  suggestion of a copycat killer who kills by names of the victims in the  original, which the idea is mentioned and then seems to be forgotten  through the movie. The killer's motive to kill Sidney is so played out and  the actor they got to play seemed ridiculous for the part. The death scenes  went to fast and had no real suspense, unlike the nail biting introduction  in the original. The end was disappointing.The whole movie tries too hard  and wants to rake in money and it loses all the quality of the original.  Even the soundtrack tries to hard with big name bands - Sugar Ray, Dave  Matthews, Master P., Collective Soul, Tonic, etc. The original's soundtrack  was so good because it had talented bands that were hardly known and I  actually enjoy that soundtrack better. The movie tried to be bigger than it  was. Scream was suppose to be a small little fun movie and wound up being  good. They should of tried that for the sequel. Also it was totally  unbelievable how all the actors from the original meet up in one scene,  they should of gradully brought in each. And what was with that background  music, it did not help at all. However I did like the whole Stab idea, and  two scenes where actually really good, the sound room scene and the car  scene. If your looking for a good recent horror movie and you liked the  original Scream, I suggest The Faculty.scenes where actually really good, the sound room scene and the car  scene. If your looking for a good recent horror movie and you liked the  original Scream, I suggest The Faculty.
B000002GDJ|5.0|Next to Ghost In The Machine, Regatta De Blanc is the best Police album. Message In A Bottle, Walking On The Moon, Bed's Too Big, and Bring On The Night are all classics.
0380002930|5.0|Don't be discouraged by any reviews you saw degrading this book.  It's fantastically discriptive, well-written, and exciting.  Don't feel apprehensive due to its size; it isn't in any way tedious or boring.  Any  degrading reviews are probably written by shallow-minded children.
6302765536|4.0|The movie was a little better then the first but I think it needs more work to it.It is funny when  he puts the movie on and said (I Love you). And he saids you have do better then that and they all say (I love  you).Hope you liked the movie. Best fan, Nicholas
6305127646|5.0|THE SAINT contains all the important requirements for a good film - Talented and sexy actors; cool and modern music played at all the right parts; clever and diversive action; powerful intimate scenes; a humorous  but not too humorous dialogue; and a satisfying ending. All this comes  together smoothly to create the bad-ass movie that is, the Saint.
0812550706|5.0|One of the Greatest accopmlishments of modern  Sci-fi. A Life altering book. From the Begining to end superb. Can be read over and over again.
0800132343|5.0|&quot;Das Boot&quot; is the best anti-war movie I've seen so far and I can't imagine that there could ever be a better one. Probably the effect is a bit special for me, because my grandfather served on one of these German  submarines in WW II (he was only 17 when he became a soldier). It's kind of  strange to know that the only reason why I live is that he belonged to the  25% who survived.
0767819462|4.0|The first 45 minutes of STEPMOM were draining and dull. It was like a Jerry Springer catfight without all the sex and only some of the foul language. What blossoms in the next 80 minutes is a classic tearjerker that  spreads great acting from all the actors and actresses, especially from   Liam Aiken as Ben, the cute, love-to-love character. His acting charisma is  almost perfect, the best of the excellent crop of acting. It's hard to know  who to root for in the first half, it's boring and flat. But then everyone  gets along and the movie becomes enormously refreshing and fantastic. I  recommend this film to everyone. Loved it so much!!
0782008119|5.0|WOW....WOW....WOW...WOW I now know more about the Seattle scene than I ever did! I can now 'discover' some cool Seattle bands that I've never heard of. Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Mudhoney, the Wipers and the Screeming Trees  are unbelievable...but now I can listen to some new stuff at last!  Grunge  is not dead!
B000002J29|5.0|This CD captures the true spirit and talent of Genesis, despite the absence of Peter Gabriel. Every track has on its sleeve the extraordinary musicianship of the band and the imagination of Phil Collins, who was just  settling into his role as front man. I enthusiastically recommend it. And I  recommend you play it loud on a quality sound system; there are many  important elements lurking behind the melodies that can easily be missed.
B000002VSN|5.0|THIS WAS A BEAUTIFUL AND INSPIRING ALBUMBY WHITNEY HOUSTON. I FELT REALLY INSPIRED WHEN LISTENING TO IT.I WOULD FIND MYSELF SINGING ALONGWITH IT TOO.  IT MADE ME FEEL CLOSETO GOD AND JOYFUL AND PEACEFUL TOO.THIS ALBUM IS  REALLY WORTH YOUR'E WHILE TO BUY. GO OUT AND GET ONETODAY. YOU'LL BE GLAD  YOU DID!
0783233477|4.0|I agree with all of the positives and was pleasantly surprised when this movie turned out to be much better than the critics said.  One thing that other reviewers left out is that the video transfer quality is the best  I've seen to date.  This is my new standard for quality of transfer, very  clean and not a single dark scene with dropout ( usually the most difficult  for any video media to reproduce correctly).  The anamorphic widescreen  looked great on my 65&quot; 16:9 aspect TV.
B000002C4J|5.0|I really enjoyed this album especially&quot;My heart will go on!&quot;  That was such a beautiful song.This was a great collection of songsand very well done. The music is veryheartfelt and relaxing to listen to.
B00000JAQ8|5.0|this is definatly the best metal album ever. not only for fans of metal music.
0375707972|1.0|Another typical Oprah type book, regular snore which I couldn't even finish...I didn't see the point, as there was nothing captivating about this book at all. The characters and prose were dead as a door nail! So I  went to the libray and returned it unfinished for a new book.
B000002UB3|4.0|Less charming than 'Pepper', less melodic than 'Rubber Soul', less experimental than The White Album - and yet, it's still their best-selling album (in a world of Rickies and Sugar Rays, and a full 30 years after it  was released, it still manages to get into Amazon's top 200 music titles.)  But it's hard to see why some people have rated this the Beatles' finest  hour.<br />Yes, it's (over?) slickly produced; yes, it has instant commercial  appeal ('Something'); yet, 'Abbey Road' is the sound of the Beatles, for  the most part, retreading well-worn musical paths instead of blazing new  ones. There are some truly horrendous musical cliches here - that burst of  horns in the middle of 'Carry That Weight'; the uninspired 'me too' solo in  the middle of 'I Want You (She's So Heavy)'. The much-touted medley that  occupies the second half is sometimes inspired (the segue from 'Pam' into  'Bathroom Window'; the guitar duel (tri-el?) of 'The End'), occasionally  bordering on the mundane ('You Never Give Me Your Money'; 'Carry That  Weight') 'We stood around pretending to be Fleetwood Mac for five minutes',  said John Lennon of 'The Sun King'. Of the songs on What Used to be Called  Side One, 'Maxwell's Siver Hammer' and 'Octopus' Garden' wear out their  welcome pretty quickly, and 'Oh Darling' isn't McCartney's best vocal  performance as a Beatle (that, I think, would be a tie between the coda of  'Hey Jude' and the unreleased versions of 'Helter Skelter'.) I listen much  more often to the playful, relaxed version of 'Oh! Darling' that's on  Anthology 3.<br />I was sorely tempted to give this album only 3 stars, but  there are, admittedly, several redeeming features about 'Abbey Road'. One  is George Harrison's best song ever, whether in the group or as a solo  artist: 'Here Comes The Sun' is as pure, simple, timeless and melodic as a  Beatles song should be. 'Mean Mr. Mustard' and 'Polythene Pam' are dark  little sketches of Liverpool that are far more authentically Lennon than  the anonymous 'I Want You (She's So Heavy)'. 'Come Together' is based on a  stolen Chuck Berry lick but Lennon did just enough, in his kooky lyrics and  the Beatles' stripped, spare performance, to make it interesting. It's  telling that the Beatles chose to close the album with the sharp wit of   'Her Majesty': it was almost as if they realised (correctly) that what  preceded it was a bit pomp-rocky, a bit overblown, and needed to be  deflated. <br />If 'Revolver' was the nearest they came to perfection and The  White Album their most magnificent failure, then 'Abbey Road' is as close  as the Beatles ever came to sounding ordinary, to sounding like the  mainstream of what was happening around them. It's the final statement of a  group that broke up at the right time, leaving an artistic legacy that was  thankfully untarnished by middle-aged sell-out mediocrity (er, that's for  you, Mick n' Keef, just in case you're shopping at Amazon this fine  mornin'.) But I, for one, regard 'Let It Be' as the more fitting epitaph.
630349255X|5.0|The photography is fabulous.  The imagery is moving and unforgettable.   A great film.
B000002GF8|5.0|OK, there are a few clinkers here (does anyone realy like &quot;Mother&quot;?), but I'll always treasure the four songs that make up side 2.  Yes, I bought this on vinyl the day it came out (first week of  June 1983) and listened to that side EVERY DAY that summer.  And I never  got sick of &quot;Every Breath You Take&quot;, my favorite song of all  time.  Smart, fantastic stuff.
B000002ADT|5.0|The best album I ever listened to in my whole life... Everybody should have a copy of this musical miracle!!! Do not miss it. Ciao. Ivan
0201485672|5.0|I spent seven years in the Smalltalk environment figuring (parts) of this stuff out for myself. You don't have to - buy Martin's book and shave at least a few years off the learning curve. <br />Refactoring is an  indispensable part of software development. Like it or not, whatever you  write today will be &quot;wrong&quot; sometime in the future. You need to  have techniques for transitioning to the &quot;right&quot; stuff.  Refactoring provides you with a wealth of small tools that can make the  transition easier. <br />Not only that, having confidence that you can  refactor your code later (supported by relentless testing) actually  relieves some of the pressure you feel when you write the code the first  time. Get it working, then get it right. Don't panic. Don't sweat. Enjoy  your work like you did when you started (remember?). Let Refactoring guide  the way.<br />A practical guide for any OO developer, no matter what language  you are working in, though you need enough familiarity with Java to read  the examples.
B000002UAF|5.0|This is simply the best album ever from the best band ever
6303187064|5.0|The Crow definately paints a dark picture of inner-city life in the make believe world created by Alex Proyas.  This movie is not a cult classic because of the untimely death of Brandon Lee and the sentiment surrounding  it.  It is a classic film because it possesses all of the elements that are  needed to make a great movie.  What i enjoy most about this film is the way  it always remains dark and rainy, casting a gloomy mood throughout the  film.  The city in which it takes place is a seedy, grungy underground  world where evil lurks around every corner.  Fortunately The Crow is there  to protect us from that evil as he sets things straight and makes things  right.<br />Brandon Lee plays his character so lovingly, and it is a shame  what happened.  God bless his kind soul.
B00000EZTQ|4.0|This is a great sequel to the original Halloween.  The characters are interesting and the story is scary.  Jamie Lee Curtis is great in this.  The widescreen is much better than the pan&amp;scan because the colors are  richer and audio is crisper.  The widescreen version is much better.   Despite visual methods, this is a good movie.
0788811363|3.0|I give it 3 stars because of good cinematography and good acting. But I expected more from the movie that generated so much hype. All it is a sad story with no point, beautiful wrapper with nothing inside.
6302181569|5.0|I am 43 and have seen this movie so many times over the years since my childhood that it has a very special place in my heart. As a note to the new viewer: The sheer entertainment value of this movie renders it beyond  meaningful criticism; simply enjoy it knowing that it is perhaps the best  sci fi flick ever made...I've seen them all (many times). The plot, acting,  special effects, and attention to detail are essentially unsurpassed; most  importantly, the sound track features audio effects produced by early  synthesizers which have since found their way into so many other movies.  However, they are unmistakably Forbidden Planet; after seeing this movie  once you will never forget them. <br />Points to ponder: The robot (Robbie)  albeit unprecedented in film retains a certain ironic yet forgivable charm;  his computer circuitry consists of old style mainframe machine switches  circa 1950 which is technology hardly befitting the master race (Crell)  that designed him. Also he teeters slightly as a result of being slapped in  good faith by Earl Holliman; hard to imagine Robbie could topple Morbius'  home from it's foundation if Earl could reel him around. Oh and how about  those dials...the power of 10x10x10.... etc. on to infinity. Ever notice at  the end how they are virtually all lit when Morbius is encountering his  &quot;evil self&quot;. Mind you that was merely to get through 26 inches of  solid Crell steel...so why didn't it just come through the concrete wall  instead of melting the steel door? Moreover, if so many dials were needed  to break through to Morbius, how could the same machine have provided  enough power to destroy the entire race in a single night? Hmmm. <br />There  are many more such quirks in the movie and they should further serve to  provide additional entertainment to the viewer. I love this show...treasure  it...it has it all and it is without deliberate fault.
B000005RZ4|4.0|Got the tape need the CD.I've listened to this tape in the car,at work and at home. A really good piece of composition. Nice bluesey background without being too heavy, good vocals and harmony. If you see the lead  singer (who's name escapes me)on the video (got that too)he doesn't look  like he could put a good vocal together but he's got a really ace  range.Steve Winwood is another example of the voice don't match the face,  but he's got to be one of the best blues/rock singers about. The tracks  don't sound the same as a lot of 'best of' tracks seem to be. A varied lot  but really good to listen to. I can't fault any of the tracks and they just  seem to get better each time I hear them. Best track for me is the  telephone song, which I nicked for my own telephone. So if you read this  lads, I owe you some royalties
B00000F5KH|5.0|Everything it takes to become a classic that will endure long after many other pictures and stars that may have even won Oscars will be forgotten. The performances are incredible, a moving and touching movie watching  experience that I cannot forget.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Have the Offspring sold out with their latest release, &quot;Americana?&quot;  Am I Donald Duck?  For some, the crossover success of &quot;Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)&quot; may be reason enough to turn  against the band, but for the rest of us, the TRUE fans, it most certainly  does not.  Does the album sound different from previous releases, like,  say, 1994's breakthrough, &quot;Smash?&quot;  You bet it does.  Chalk it up  to slicker production, improved, more poignant and biting lyrics, or an  increasing awareness of who they are as a band.  In the end, it's still  punk.  &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot; rocks harder than anything the  Offspring have done since &quot;Come Out and Play.&quot;  The Beatles-esque  &quot;Why Don't You Get a Job?&quot; shows the band with a sharp, witty  sense of humor and a definite ear for melody.  The album's title track is  nothing short of explosive, and the scathing cover of Morris Albert's  &quot;Feelings&quot; suits the band perfectly.  Sellouts?  Hardly.  As a  true fan of this band, I can honestly say that they've never sounded  better.  &quot;Americana&quot; is the Offspring's party, and they're gonna  do it in Americana THEIR way.
6302529867|4.0|GOOD OUT-DOOR SETTINGS AND LOCATIONS, EXCELLENT ROCK CLIMBING SEQUENCES IN FIRST 15 MINUTES.  ONCE AGAIN MICHAEL BIEHN STANDS OUT IN A LIMITED ROLL AS THE COCKY LAWYER WHO PERSAUDES HIS BEST MATE(THE SHY GUY)TO CONQUER THE 2ND  LARGEST MOUNTAIN K2.
0780621972|1.0|The worst film of 1997 is here, and its &quot;Spawn.&quot; A lazy, boring, unsatisfying piece of trash about a government assassin who is killed by his boss, goes to Hell, and comes back to Earth with super-powers.  Still  with me?  A travesty of a film, featuring some of the worst acting in  recent memory.  I hope Martin Sheen dies in a tragic auto accident.  I hope  John Leguizamo dies in his sleep.  I hope Michael Jai White really goes to  hell, and he probably will after acting in this trash.  If you spot this  one at the video store, set fire to it.  Then ask for the manager, and blow  his head clean off for allowing this movie in the store.  On a scale of  100, a firm 5.  It makes you wish you were dead.
B000000993|5.0|I absolutely love Tool.  And Undertow is probably the reason why.  Every song kicks butt.  No track is boring or gets nerve-racking.  The bass is awesome and Keenan's voice is I have to say, beautiful.  Tracks such as  Swamp Song and Flood have great rythm that some other bands just aren't  capable of.  This is definitely a great CD.
B000002N9L|1.0|I cant give that guy a high rating mostly because of my true dislike of his personality. Prince, ooops, or should I say 'the artist formerly known as Prince&quot; or should I just say &quot; the artist&quot; or maybe  &quot; symbol-man&quot; is just... Obviously ridden by the  'Napoleon-complex' he tries to present himself as the greatest diva of  pop-music acting like one 'big' drama-queen.  Prince as a caricature or a  comic-character- great! Prince as a musician-no thanx!
0061002747|5.0|This was the first Agatha Christie novel I had the pleasure of reading.  I loved it so much, I proceeded to own and read EVERY one of her other books (80+ including short story compilations).  It is still my favorite.  If you  want to read a classic, this is it.
6304765789|5.0|My theory is that CRS is a weird but wonderful Christian cult
B000000OA6|5.0|What made queen great was that unique ability to play kick butt rock while maintaining their own artistic identity and at the same time be popular.  This album exemplifies all of that. Great rock music with a flair!  Definitely one of the bands best pieces of work. This album seems to be a  return to the &quot;night at the opera&quot; phase where they best balanced  their artistic ambitions with powerful rock which is what i always loved  about queen. The &quot;professional&quot; critic at the top of the page  doesn't get it. I think &quot;these are the days of our lives&quot; is a  great song so what if it hints of radio ga ga? &quot;Innuendo&quot; and  &quot;the show must go on&quot; make for great book ends to a very powerful  collection of songs. Anybody who loves great rock guitar will love brian's  work here. Freddie sings his heart out and over all the whole band is very  tight. <br />.........socks
0679746048|5.0|...detailing the years that the author spent in a mental institution.  She gives a very moving portrayal of not only her own struggles and experiences but also those of the other patients and staff.  This is a great book to  read if you ever have days when you feel a little off.  Actually, it's  great to read anytime.  I hope that the movie with Winona Ryder and  Angelina Jolie stays true to the spirit and details of the book, as to  change them would be a great disservice to the author.
630438551X|5.0|&quot;a brillant romantic film, absoulutly the best movie of time.  a classic romance bound by a new, and upbeat setting of verona beach.  this movie should be added to your video collection.  being my personial  favorite film, i have memorized romeo and juliet, and rate this film as the  BEST MOVIE EVER.  this is the perfect movie for everyone, with just the  right amount of action, thrill, and indefently, romance.&quot;<br />         &quot;bhs live tv analizer, and movie critique&quot;                          &quot;- neal&quot;  &quot;puppet master&quot;
B00000055E|4.0|This is a good 2pac cd, but not his best.  Hellrazor is probably the best song on the whole cd.  A must buy for any 2pac fan.
079213690X|5.0|filming, directing, acting, all the way down to lighting.  I would rate &quot;Braveheart&quot; the best movie of the year                            <br />        BHS Live TV &amp; Video student, and analizer                                      - Neal
B000002WPI|5.0|This cd is better than Forever. its more raw, and more underground. Every track on the cd is good. Worth every cent that you pay for it.  The best track on the cd is &quot;Protect Ya Neck&quot; the worst is probably  &quot;Method Man&quot;.  A must buy for a rap fan.
079213690X|5.0|&quot;directing, filming, acting, all the way down to lighting.  I would rate 'Braveheart' the best movie of the year!&quot;                            <br />       &quot;BHS Live TV &amp; Video student, and analizer&quot;                                      - Neal
6300183971|5.0|I'm disappointed in that when it first aired on Chanel 11 (BRKYLN,NYC) it was a full 6 hrs long.  There are many cuts &amp; if you've seen the movie before the video like I have you get a bit confused.  I miss all the stuff  they took out which explanes perfectly why things happened the way they  did, for example: How Paul got drugged. Even the gift of the Fremen to  Paul's mother was cut off.  How about the fight between Paul &amp; a Fremen  warrier &amp; why his 2 children where of the chosen 100 that Paul trained  to use the Wierding modules.  Did it ever occure to you why those 2 kids  are present &amp; when Shanee's father was muredered, they cut the part of  the funeral &amp; also the part where they get the water of life that  Paul's mother uses to become a Reverant Mother. Is there a way of getting  the full picture?  I'm sure that wahen you've seen the video, you'll find  like I have that it's not enoght.
B00000JGOH|5.0|I've seen quite a few movies based on plays, and plays written by, The Bard. This is definitely well worth watching many times! Hopefully it will inspire those who haven't yet seen Romeo &amp; Juliet, etc. etc. to go out  and watch them - it enhances this movie greatly! Acting was superb, writing  was brilliant. The awards it won were well deserved.<br />For those who  complain about the sex - go watch a Disney movie instead of movies geared  towards adult audiences. I enjoyed the sex scenes as well as the  Shakespeare plays-within-the-movie. Life that Shakespeare wrote about in  his plays *was* about sex, murder, betrayal and love. To sanitize this  movie because of modern prudish timidity seems quite ridiculous. <br />Many of  Shakespeare's plays were primarily *about* sex!! Read through the notes of  some of his plays sometimes, and see what he was really saying in those  scenes. They're only obscure to modern audiences because many people don't  understand the references that were obvious to people of his time.
B0000039LE|5.0|Wow! Low-budget masterpeice about murderer Michael Myers who struck on Halloween as a child and threatens to do so 15 years later. Not violent, but extremely scary. This series was ruined by the explicit gore in 2,4,5,6  and H20.
B000002VTK|5.0|this is simply one of the great albums of the decade, there is something for every possible mood here. Those who want to chill out to it, those who are in love, those who have lost, those who have loved then lost , those  who are pissed off: it's got everything. BUY IT!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|The first song that I heard from this CD was his duet with Rob Thomas from Matchbox 20.  Awesome!! Carlos is also joined by Eric Clapton, Dave Matthews and Lauryn Hill.  Nice combination of guitar and todays music!!
B000002UAX|5.0|This is an achievement that could only be done by the Beatles. For any of you Mettalica posers out there, listen to the expirmentation done on this record and think of what year it came out, 1968. Then listen to one of  Mettalica's records and hear how every lame song sounds the same! This  album is a great example of what happened to the Beatles after they got  weary of their fame, and just decided to record what THEY felt like.  I  like hard music, but to compare hard music of that time and of today is  incomprehensible. Today songs like &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; seem wimpy,  but back then they were breaking musical barriers. As for that guy who  listens to Sugar Ray and Chumbawumba, and has the nerve to compare them to  the Beatles, AAHHHH. It is clear on this record the Beatles did not want  any radio hits, they just wanted to play what they felt like. And who cares  if it wasn't performed live!
0880381736|5.0|It is really excellent I have read it for 15 times and i am reading it again now.
0792156684|5.0|This movie was WONDERFUL!I don't see how people could not like this movie.I thought it was great.
B00000J8EK|5.0|I recently broke up with my girlfriend but now I feel no sorrow, because I've surrendered this record. It's not only fabolous looking - it takes me to other dimensions with it's new sounds and style. From the start til the  end - I love it.
0316920045|5.0|Who needs the samizdat when you have this book
0679735259|5.0|I turned 18 in 1966 and went to college, not sure about Vietnam.  Three years later I drove from Notre Dame to Washington D.C. to protest the War.  Nixon surrounded the White House with buses so as not to see us.  The  bastard.  He sacrificed my friends and many others for this unwinnable war.   I knew it was a meatgrinder and a soul destroyer, but until I read  &quot;Dispatches&quot; I did not truly learn how the war twisted the souls  of the soldiers who were forced to fight this crappy war.  With respect, I  salute those who fought and those who died.  Michael Herr accurately  distinguished between the soldiers and the war.  I was a conscientious  objector and was mightily pissed at Jane Fonda for consorting with the  enemy.  I just wanted the boys to come home.  For those of you who are  younger, read &quot;Dispatches&quot;.  If you have time, also read,  &quot;The 13th Valley&quot; by John Del Vecchio.  Vietnam split our country  in two and carved wounds into many of our young people who are now in their  50's.  Someday, when we are all gone, the memoirs will be catalogued and  rated.  Without exaggeration, the book that stands alone, in its accurate  portrayal of the psyche of the American combat Marine is Michael Herr's  &quot;Dispatches&quot;.  God bless you, Michael Herr, you have done more  than you know.  You have given a voice to the pain of the combat soldier  and to the Stateside civilians who knew it was bad but weren't sure.
B00000DRA9|5.0|The NeverEnding Story is one of my fav. movies of all time.  The Music is a triumph, it seems to take you to the world of Fantasia.  The movie is nothing short of a Pilgrims Progress, the plight of Atreyu and Falkor is  unforgetable.  The Ivory Tower theme is VERY cool, reminds me of Valhala in  Wagner's Ring of The Neibulong (before it was destroyed along with the  gods).  The song by Limahl is better in the movie, but all in all its one  of the best soundtracks I have heard.
B00000DQWT|5.0|If you love Metheny but are missing &quot;Falcon &amp; Snowman&quot;, do yourself a favor and grab it now! &quot;Chris&quot; and &quot;This is Not America&quot; alone make it worth the price!! You won't find this gem in  most music stores (at least, not in Wisconsin!!!)
B000002KMY|3.0|Mob Rules is a bit heavier than Sabbath's other album with Ronnie James Dio, Heaven And Hell.  There are quite a few classic cuts here, including &quot;Voodoo,&quot; &quot;Sign of the Southern Cross,&quot; and &quot;The  Mob Rules.&quot;  Vinnie Appice's drumming gives Sabbath a harder edge than  Bill Ward's did on previous albums.  <br />Every song on Mob Rules is really  good, up to and including &quot;Country Girl.&quot;  After that, Sabbath  cranks out three filler tracks that I can barely sit through.  This album  is still worth getting, because the first six songs really put you down for  the count.
B000002UV9|1.0|I started listening to 'ryche with Rage for order, which is outstanding.  I anxiously awaited Mindcrime, which was even better.  I enthusiastically awaited Empire.  When it was released I rushed out and bought it and was  sorely disappointed.  The music lost it's energy and seemed to go  comercial.  Save your money and get mindcrime.
B000002LUB|4.0|I have to admit, the first time I listened to Dehumanizer, I had a preconceived notion that it wouldn't live up to Heaven And Hell or Mob Rules.  I thought Dio and Iommi had probably lost their edge, and this  album would be mediocre at best.  I was wrong.  Despite the silly album  cover, this is the best album to bear the Sabbath name in almost ten years.   The silly lyrics about rainbows and magic are gone, and Dio writes in a  style that reminds me of classic Ozzy-era Black Sabbath.  Dio gives us his  assessment of politics, religion, and technology with all of the black  imagery that only Sabbath can acheive.  The music is bruising, and with the  return of Geezer Butler and the departure of Tony Martin, Sabbath is free  to really rock.  Iommi seems to have remembered how to write those classic,  churning Sabbath riffs that fit the black mood of the lyrics to perfection.   To find anything in the Sabbath catalog this heavy, you would have to go  all the way back to the Born Again album with Ian Gillan, or Master of  Reality before that.<br />My favorite tracks on this album are &quot;Computer  God,&quot; &quot;After All (The Dead)&quot; and &quot;Letters From  Earth.&quot;  Whether you like Sabbath from their days with Ozzy or with  Dio, GET THIS ALBUM.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey has proved to be the most talented singer of this era. This is a brilliant album, that shows everything that she is. Since the beginning of her career she improves her albums. Maybe, people who know her  may be a little bit shocked with this new Mariah. Butterfly is 50% R&amp;B,  and 50% the usual ballads, but it is 100% good. She proved that she can  dominate this kind of music, that's new for her. She once said &quot;I've  always been 100% driven to this&quot; (TIME, SEPTEMBER 25, 1995), when  everybody were impressed with her change to a more soulful side, on  Daydream. This is another change, and in my oppinion, the best one ever. My  favorite tracks are FOURTH OF JULY (5) and BREAKDOWN (6), her best ballad  and her best R&amp;B song (so far), respectively. I really recomend it,  specially to her fans. It is definatively her best album. There are rumors  that says that she's about to release a new album 'till the end of the year  ('99), and, I truthfully hope another R&amp;B jewel. But, utill there, I'm  gonna delight myself with Butterfly and Ones. If you don't have it still,  BUY IT!!!
6303921248|5.0|This movie is a must-have for all Austen fans.  The book been skillfully adapted into a movie. The casting and the performances are excellent. Colin Firth as Darcy takes my breath away. I can see the movie everyday for him!  My hubby loves Jennifer Ehle(Elizabeth). If you loved the book, you will  love the movie.
B000002J09|5.0|All of the songs on this CD are awesome. The diversity of the songs makes Led Zeppelin IV (untitled) great.
B00000AFFI|4.0|I really didn't like this CD the first time around.  I thought it was a step backward from &quot;To Bring You My Love.&quot; But don't be fooled by first impressions.  After spinning this in the CD Player a few times I  started to appreciate what was going on on the album.  I still don't like  it was much as &quot;Love&quot; but see that Harvey is making another leap  in terms of production and songwriting.  It is a damn good record too,  better than 98% of what will get released this year.  And it is certainly  worth your time.
078401020X|3.0|I must admit to disliking Sharon Stone.  That being said, you can imagine my horror when I saw Basic Instinct and realized that she was the best part of the movie--her character was the only believable character in the movie.   Other than that it was basically mediocre.
B000001E7T|5.0|A brilliant record, one of the top 5 of the 90's.  Don't miss the boat -- people will still talk about this woman in 20 years as one of the 90's greatest musical acts.
B000002H6C|1.0|One?  And Justice for All? Why is this recording even listed under the category &quot;music&quot;? No way do these guys stand the test of time.
B000001DYD|5.0|Not for the faint hearted and not for those who are afraid to turn their steroes up loud. Don't be fooled by the loud and noisy production, there are some great songs here.
B00000JMQD|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was about four years old. I liked it better than the 1939 movie... I still do! It is a wonderful adaptation of L. Frank Baum's 2nd and 3rd Oz books, &quot;The Marvelous Land of Oz&quot; and  &quot;Ozma of Oz.&quot; The best characters are Jack Pumpkinhead and  Tiktok. At the end parade, if you look closely, you can find Oz characters  from the Famous Forty Oz Books.
B0000029AL|5.0|I've been listening to this release since I was 12 years old (that's when it came out), and to this day it is one of the best 3 records (cd's) I've ever heard.  It was made by a band with a groove--it was raw, energetic,  passionate and real.  Anyone who says there is even one weak song on it  doesn't know how to listen to music.  The entire record flows, all the  songs belong and fit together.   It's not as polished as later releases,  but it is also not commercialized in any way.  They never came close ever  again to matching it.
B00000IFWE|5.0|This is the best Tom Petty CD.  I really enjoy the songs Swingin, Freegirl and Echo.
6304500831|5.0|This was the last movie made by Walt Disney before he died. In my opinion this was his best. The music is incredibly rich .. jazz overtones and all ... the characters are colourful.<br />Rudyard Kipling would be proud !!!!
B000001DU5|4.0|I was watching &quot;Real Genius&quot; with Val Kilmer, and at the end of the movie they played &quot;Everybody wants to rule the world&quot; over the final credits.  Then I said to myself, &quot;I should buy that  cd.&quot;  I looked for the cd, and found out that this song was on a cd  with some other songs I liked.  I decided it was better than buying 10 cd's  with each song on it.  Tears for Fears did alot of 80's movies, that where  I mostly remember them from.  This is a real good buy for old 80's  memories.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I was reading an article/interview with John Frusciante in Guitar Player magazine, and as a guitar player, was interested in some of the tones he was describing. I bought the CD never having heard a single song on it  (don't listen to the radio). I have never been a fan of the Peppers, but  thought they had a couple good songs. I must say, from the first song, I  was impressed. Each song is very unique, very well thought out, and  musically interesting. I'm not a big fan of a ton of profanity in lyrics  (kind of feel like it's a cop-out, instead of actually expressing yourself  with real words or feelings) and it doesn't seem like there's much. I went  out and bought &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; from the excitement of  &quot;Californication&quot; and was fairly disappointed. It's not good.
0380789019|3.0|I read this book with pleasure, but it was the kind of pleasure that I get from eating junk food: it was fun while it lasted, but I didn't get much out of it.<br />Not that this is a &quot;junk&quot; book.  It's well-written  and entertaining, and some of the images are quite beautiful.  Its great  asset is its atmosphere -- its rich setting, and the wealth of visual  detail.  Underneath that, though, there's nothing much.  The plot is a  standard quest story, and, more damningly, the characters are thin.  The  &quot;once you've had a taste of magic and adventure you'll never be  satisfied with a conventional life&quot; ending is, well, an awfully  conventional fantasy ending.  How ironic.
0790729687|4.0|Okay, it's not as good as the novel---ashame they had to cut so much out. The acting is excellent except for Antonio Banderas who seems to be playing a caharicature of a vampire while the other actors really breathed life  into the undead roles. I thought the end of the movie was a perfect way to  end a movie where the ending of the book was the perfect way to end the  book. I don't think the book's ending would have packed the same jolt at  the end of the film, and the film's ending would have been too overdone for  the novel. I had to view the movie as a movie on its own &amp; stop  comparing it throughout to the novel. They're both great. Who would have  thought Cruise would make such a great Lestat?<br />I hope they do make a  movie version of &quot;The Vampire Lestat&quot;---although, I think that  would be better as a television miniseries----that way they wouldn't have  to cut so much out.
B00000I0XW|5.0|I love this CD especially UNEXPECTED SON
B000001FC0|5.0|I remember being 12 years old and seeing my parents go through a turbulent divorce.  I would pop the tape in my walkman and listen to it for hours.  All these years later, I still believe that Songs From the Big Chair is  what kept me sane.
006092988X|5.0|This was a beautiful book! I am 13 years old, and I had the obligation of reading it for high school summer work, so when I first looked at it, I thought &quot;Oh, this book is going to be boring.&quot; Boy, was I wrong!  As soon as I started reading it, I just couldn't put it down. It's not  filled with great action or adventure, but it is so interesting and  well-written that I was pulled into the story, and I didn't want to stop  reading it. Now that I finished it, I read it two more times, each time  being just as good. I truly recommend this book to everyone!!
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is undisputably the best Maiden album of their career.  Moonchild is by far the most intense opener of any Maiden record, Infinite Dreams is simply the best song Harris has ever penned, and the title track is a  masterpiece.  Why should I even comment on the other tracks?  Read some of  the reviews below.  It's truly no wonder that Adrian departed (and shortly  thereafter, Bruce) after this album.  Upon completion of 7th Son, Maiden  had conquered the world.  With the (almost) original lineup back, we hope  for an equally satisfying album.  I love Maiden overall but nothing touches  this record.  It is in a class by itself.
B000005J56|1.0|For the record!  Here is a breakdown of the royalties. 50% goes to Ray Cooder; 45% goes to the Cuban government (the agent); 5% goes to the non-Cuban technical staff; 0% goes to the perfomers.  Ray Cooder is only  exploiting the Cuban performers for his own profit.  This is public  knowledge, if you work in Hollywood. There is no doubt a lot a feelings  coming out of these Cuban performers, but that is all.  They were never  part of the top Cuban performers in the Pre-Castro era.  The quality and  technics are poor; the duets are never in sinc.  I have better recordings  in my private Cuban collection.  Try the just released &quot;Cuba es  musica&quot; 4 CD collection from Venezuela and Colombia. Ray Cooder's  electric guitar does not belong in traditional Cuban music!
0800177177|5.0|gary oldman is brilliant. makes me want to find prince vlad (dracula) and ask him out on a date. true, the film is overdone in places but this is forgivable as the characters and the story are lustrous. there are some  scenes that are utterly remarkable. how ryder and oldman interact so that  her love for this monster who is a man makes sense and the way dracula is  portrayed is heartbreaking. a man who was so destroyed by the loss of his  one and only love that he gave his soul to the 'dark gods' rather than live  without her. hopkins is a riot as von helsing. oldman fans will pass out in  rapture. watch it and then go read the book!
B000002IWQ|1.0|What has Rush turned themselves to? This is a horrible CD, only that. Theres no point in trying to justify these plastic, incoherent and comercial songs saying &quot;were trying new ways&quot;, &quot;this is our  best album so far&quot;, &quot;we do what gives us pleasure&quot;. One only  needs to compare it with &quot;Moving Picture&quot;, &quot;Permanent  Waves&quot; and a handful of others Rush recordings!!
0140009345|5.0|I truly can't recall ever reading a funnier book - and I have read it many times over the years, and laughed as hard each time as I did the first. In fact, some passages have been known to set me giggling when they popped  into my mind months after the last reading. A joyful, witty, wonderful  book. Impossible to describe; it has to be experienced.
B0000027F3|5.0|This album is pure heavy-metal! Priest showed that th&eacute;y still had one or two tricks to teach their disciples !!! All the tracks are perfect, well constructed and it's amazing to see how K.K. Downing and Glenn Tipton  improved their guitar playing since the early days of the 70's. Drummer  Scott Travis' adhesion to the band brought new tecnique to the drums in  Judas (he's a much better drummer than ex-Dave Holland)This is one of the  few metal albuns that I call a masterpiece!!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 has created some awesome stuff in this new cd.  With songs like &quot;What's my Age Again&quot;(even though a little overplayed), &quot;Adam's Song&quot;, and &quot;The Party Song&quot;(probably my  favorite), Blink 182 has made the perfect punk cd.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've been into Santana from the beginning and have seen him grow with each album.  This is another level we are seeing him at right now.  He will forever suprise all of us loyal fans.  A really great album for the  lifelone fan and newly initiated.
6301334523|5.0|Malkovitch is mouthwatering, gorgeous, spectacular. His writing on his lovers backs, the tone of his voice is tangibly velvet. <br />Oh yeah...Michelle Pfeiffer and Glenn Close fell for him, too.
6305128944|2.0|I was SO disappointed in the movie.  I read the book and loved it.  The author must have worked with horses because he understands them so well. I have never read another book that totally gets the way a horse thinks and  acts.  And then comes the movie.  The horse was hardly the issue in it.   All we see Redford and Thomas staring weirdly at each other. She is such a  shallow character I had no idea why Redford's was at all intersted in her.   I only saw the movie once and never plan on seeing it again.  It's pretty  bad when the best part of the movie is the beginning when Pilgrim and Grace  get hit by the semi.
0671015206|3.0|As others have said, there's nothing too original in this book except maybe the data that the authors collected.  I don't know that the book itself is a good investment since it's not that exciting of a read, and all  they do is beat the concepts of saving and investing into you for 250 or  so.  They can do this for so many pages because they've collected so many  statistics on the spending and investing behaviors of the wealthy.  It's  interesting at best, but nothing you can't learn in any other book, so it  isn't an essential item on my personal finance bookshelf.
067144901X|5.0|I've read it so often that I know it by heart and I still like it. He also likes to have his mother read along with us (she knows it by heart too). He loves the different animal sounds (I do a lousy duck) and likes to imitate  them along with me!
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer kicks a**! This CD has got to be one of the greatest of all time. From the hard-rocking/fun-loving opener, &quot;My Name is Jonas,&quot; to the surprisingly emotional &quot;Only in Dreams,&quot; Weezer delivers a  full-force barage of great alternative punk. Their other album,  &quot;Pinkerton,&quot; is also a great CD. BUY THEM!
B000003N7K|5.0|I've listened to this record for years, have given it to many frinds and family members as gifts, and raved about it to anyone who would listen.  It is the definitive romantic album of all time.
0385493800|5.0|This was the first John Grisham novel that I have ever read.  Although I usually am not interested by books with mystery or intrigue, I must admit this book was delightfully intriguing.  I am a paralegal so the legal facet  of this book was quite interesting to me.  Great book and I now intend to  read Mr. Grisham's earlier work.
0784011796|1.0|God-awful.  A silly pretentious bore.  Apparently made by and for alienated computer geeks with severe persecution complexes.  Exactly the kind of movie that stoned college kids will consider 'really deep.'  <br />To  be fair, there is a wonderful idea lurking somewhere.  Unfortunately, the  sophomoric pomposity of the film keeps it from developing into anything  other than a vague idea of what this project might have been had mature,  intelligent adults had anything to do with it.
0792836502|5.0|What more can be said, this movie ranks in the top ten best ever movies. There just so unique, special, trend setting, different!!! The facial close ups, the pictures say it all, little diaologue. It's like  life, cut the bullshit, actions speak louder than words. &quot;Course I  know the man your talkin' about, Douglas Mortimer, Colonel Douglas  Mortimer, finest shot in the Carolinas&quot;. The Characters, where did  they come from? Who was best Eastwood, Van Cleef, Gian Maria Volante,  Wallach, Kinski. I don't know!!!
0792839749|1.0|Who ever heard of a DVD that's NOT in widescreen? Well, this one falls into that category! It's a absolute classic, beautifully-produced film, and rated &quot;G&quot;. (How refreshing!) But the beautiful cinematography and  directing - not to mention the exquisite sets and gorgeous European  landscapes - are ruined by the &quot;pan and scan&quot; transfer to tv  proportions from the original &quot;Super Panavision&quot; format: almost  50 percent of the image has been deleted! What a tradgedy; I hope the movie  industry doesn't continue vandalising their products this way!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I love this album!  It's lyrics, music, and personality is more like a bunch of journal entries...  That's what make it different, respectable, entertaining, wonderful.  I love it!  It is absolutely wonderful.  It joins  the top 5 albums ever made on my list.
0800141326|1.0|This film was terrrible! Let's start with Godzilla himself or should I say herself. This unworthy Godzilla looked like a giant iguana who is a big chicken. When is the last time you saw Godzilla run from anything? This one  ran from the army people like a punk. I never once saw &quot;it&quot; breath fire. The so called acting was  terrible. The whole movie was focused around that worm doctor and his roody  pooh girlfriend.
0800141326|5.0|I still say the big lizard rules. Case closed
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis was able to improve and grow with this second CD.  Not only does she sing with the same depth of emotion, but her music has evolved into something that reflects the woman she is today.  And the song &quot;I Was  Hoping,&quot; could not be a more beautiful ballard.
0553573403|1.0|It was suggested that I would like this book because I like Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series.  However, those suggesting that forget that the reason so many women like Jordan's books is because of their strong,  independent, and respected women.  This novel treats its women in any way  but that.  How many times do breasts, &quot;teats&quot;, sadism of women,  and helplessness/insignificance of women need to be talked about in just  the first few chapters?  Men will probably like this book but I suggest  women save their money.
B000009HF2|5.0|Frampton's enthusiasm is infectious.  For that matter, so is the thrill felt by the audience.  I'm surprised that no one thus far has mentioned &quot;Lines on My Face.&quot;  It's a tour de force.  Buy this album and  enjoy.
0670880728|5.0|Be honest. What woman in the late-20s/early-30s age group hasn't weighed themselves obsessively, dreamed of having little Calvin Klein-clad babies with a man you've only dated once, and been overly ambitious about cooking  gourmet meals for friends and family? I know I have. I am a 30-something  woman rasised on television ideals, which were reinforced by glamour  magazines. I deal with the same addictions as Bridget -- cigarettes,  alcohol units, Milk Tray, and similar. I have the same fears as Bridget --  how does my butt look in this skirt. I have the same aspirations as Bridget  -- exercise more, eat less chocolate. Helen Fielding's presentation of  women in this age group was bright, funny, sweet and honest. I loved  Bridget Jones. The novel was v.v. good.
0784011796|1.0|This movie triggered my flight instinct within the first five minutes and I regret not leaving. I am a mathematician. This movie deifies mathematics. I should be happy right? What I hate about this film is the underlying  premise, which is prototypical of the way too many people view mathematics.  Despite the striking audio-visual appearance of this movie as an artsy,  independent film, it fails to deliver the story, message, or question that  makes a stimulating film.<br />What's 216? It's 6 cubed and has less to do  with being a human than even this pathetically misguided, pretentious  movie.
B000000H5K|1.0|This is a sellout. Once they broke from the underground they sold out. well they don't sound as well as they did but their songs are halfway decent
0684803356|5.0|This is Hemingway at his best.  This story develops rather patiently, but every sentence is a jewel.  The story itself could probably be a short, however Hemingway insists that we live through the fear, love, and pain  step by step, day by day, hour by hour . . . and, of course, it works.  The  power and beauty of this story truly lays in the journey.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Lauryn Hill is a wonderful artist no matter what other people may say. When I first got the cd, I listened to the cd everyday. Usually when I get cd's they don't hit me well as being good,but with Lauryn's cd I only had  to here the first track and I was hooked. Yes, it's true some tracks could  have been left off the album. All and all it is a fine quality. Just see  how many awards she's got from it. She has proven herself as a solo artist  in a male dominated industry.
B000002P5W|5.0|A classic display of pure genius.  The range of beauty is unimaginable...&quot;Spanish Castle Magic&quot; &quot;If 6 Was 9&quot; &quot;Little Wing&quot;...So much talent...
B000008LUN|5.0|An all but forgotten gem. This album has grat songs ranging from ass kickin' hard rock to introspective ballads. Production sounds a tad dated. ( this album was recorded in '74 after all) This shouldn't dissuade the  listener from being captivated by the magic of Mssrs. Mogg, Schenker, Way,  and Parker.
B0000025YM|5.0|Ok.. I'm a huge Judas Priest fan.. (the biggest?) and I can tell you this.. &quot;the 6 first songs on Defenders Of The Faith is totally awesome&quot;. Although I can't tell whether or not this is the very best  Judas Priest Album ever.. it depends on how you feel, I thought this was  the very best album in the world but.. I'm probably the person who has  listened to the album &quot;stained class&quot; most times ever. Then you  have &quot;Painkiller&quot;.. It's impossible to find even a intermediate  song on that album but.. I still have to say that Defender Of the Faith  beats those Albums just barely..
068484267X|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much in many ways.  Frank McCourt's honesty and learning of how he and his family struggled with many tragedies and unfortunate situations.  Although his father didn't always make the best  choice for his family, and struggled with addictions,  I think he loved his  children and demonstrated that during quiet times in the morning and  sharing touching and imaginative stories.  I would recommend this book to  all my friends...but be prepared to cry a little and laugh a little.
B00000IQUT|5.0|Hey, read my discussion of this film (and others like it) in Men, Women, and Chain Saws (Chapter Three: &quot;Getting Even&quot;)   Meir Zarchi says it boosted sales and rentals appreciably.  --Carol J. Clover
0440224764|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the book - I found myself hooked, and I read the entire book on a long car trip.  It was exciting and suspensful with interesting characters.  However, the ending was terrible.  It really  ruined the book for me.  He did a similar thing at the end of &quot;The  Rainmaker.&quot; As much as I enjoy his books, the endings seem to be very  disappointing.  Again, it was a very well-written and exciting book, but if  I knew how disappointing the ending would be, I would have thought twice  about reading the book.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|This CD is great. I am, at the ripe old age of fourteen a excedingly avid Hendrix fan and follower. I listened to this CD the whole way through at least twenty times the first month I had it and certain tracks a quite a  bit more then that. I did not know what to exspect in the begnning but when  I heard cuts like Dolly Dagger and others not so recognized I knew I had a  winner. I reccomend this CD to beginners and enthusiasts alike and would  also reccomend Hendrix, Live at the Fillmore East.
0345389409|5.0|After the horrific disappointment after reading Queen of the Damned, I tried Memnoch the Devil and was delighted.  Who else has the guts (besides Dante) to set a main portion of the action of a book in Heaven and Hell.  I  thought she wove the different times and places very well. I'm not usually  surprised by anthing in her books, but something that happened early on in  the book was really unexpected.
0156907399|4.0|After you get accustomed to the stream-of-consciousness style, the characters really come alive with their all-too-human thoughts.  I really connected with some of Mrs. Ramsay's ideas, and that was very moving.
0553472836|4.0|Thank you John Grisham for making my daily commute a lot easier with your wonderful adventures - including &quot;The Partner&quot; which I enjoyed very much.  However, the ending, which was probably meant to be a  &quot;twist,&quot; seemed weak and illogical to me. A sequel is in order -  please.
6305161976|5.0|If you want to see one of the greatest films ever, this is the way to see it (forget video tape, the quality of this product is superb).<br />'Casablanca' is set in wartime Morrocco where refugees from  Europe wait for the chance to escape to America.  Rick (Humphrey Bogart)  the owner of a fashionable bar, is shocked when his former lover Ilsa  (Ingrid Bergman) arrives with her husband Victor Lazlo, the leader of a  Resistance movement.  Victor is being pursued by the Germans who have a  strong influence over the French authorities in Morrocco and who will be  happy to see him stopped.  Will Ilsa escape with Victor or will she leave  him for Rick...?<br />When they bought the rights to the play (Everyone comes  to Rick's), Warner Brothers couldn't possibly have known how successful  'Casablanca' would be.  It has just the right mix of mystery, intrigue,  romance and humour with a few memorable songs thrown in for good measure.   Watch out too for the references to concentration camps which is suprising  when you consider that it was filmed in 1942.<br />As well as the movie  itself, on the DVD you get a documentary about its production hosted by  Bogart's real-life partner, Lauren Bacall.<br />This is a must-see movie...
B000002H2H|5.0|...to the aliens who abducted Metallica after And Justice for All.  Please bring them back.  Earth needs them.  We will take you to our leader instead.
6303014100|5.0|I watch this movie every few months and even my daughters gather round.  They say schools should show movies like this cause they &quot;aren't so boring&quot;.  A little heavy on music and the such, but this is also what  draws in those beyond the hard core civil war buffs and gives the human  perspective.  I only wish we had 10 more vidoes like this on civil war  material.
B00000J2KT|3.0|It is impossible for anyone but Kubrick to make &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; the way that it was made.  I have become accustomed to the sparse storyline and dialogue (as in most Kubrick films), but this picture  really seems disjointed.  The first half of the film keeps your attention  as you are treated to the rigors of boot camp and are brought to a climax  with Private &quot;Pyle&quot;'s descent into madness, but after this, the  film seems to lose focus.  Toward the end, it begins to regain its footing  as the squad that Joker is accompanying hunts down a sniper, but leave you  longing for some sort of resolution, but none is forthcoming.  Even at 117  minutes, the story ended too soon.  This movie can be summed up in the  words &quot;prodigious unrealized potential&quot;.
B00000JGOH|4.0|I must say that in itself, Shakespeare in Love is a good film which I enjoyed greatly.  However, when I watched the Oscars I was royally pissed off to see that it had beaten out Saving Private Ryan! The award was for  BEST PICTURE dammit, not 'most literate script'. Saving Private Ryan and  The Thin Red line were, in themselves, both 'Great' pictures in my opinion  and in the opinion of many. Good film, not a great film. If you cannot  handle the violence from Saving Private Ryan, rent or buy Shakespeare in  Love. Thank you for you time :-)
6305426651|5.0|It is Wonderful how Roberto Benigni directed and starred in this movie. This movie gives a real good insight of what happened durring WW2!  If there is a must see movie this would surely be the one to see!It is the  BEST movie yet to be released! You Must buy it!! Its going to be a classic!
0880389052|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a friend in class and I began to read it. It was my first fantasy book and after reading a few pages I was totally blown away! I liked the way Salvatore describes his battles in  detail without boring the heck outta you! Highly recommended!
0783211856|1.0|This was a very slow movie! It is as slow as...Meet Joe Black! It is not funny at all! If you want too see an excelent film watch Life is Beautiful, it is a great movie!
B00000IPAX|4.0|this cd is a kick one i erge you to buy it if you just want to but whats my age a gain you can find like 2-3 other songs you like whats my age again is the best song on the album so go buy it
B00000J7JH|1.0|If you are going to buy Mule Variations, one of Waits' weakest albums, don't waste the extra money to get this import.  It has two extra tracks:  &quot;Buzz Fledderjohn&quot; and &quot;Big Face Money.&quot;  The first is  one of the better songs on the entire CD, but that isn't saying much.  The  second is 39 seconds long and sounds more like a clip from some longer  song. I don't understand all the great reviews Mule Variations has  received.  There are a couple of amusing tracks, but they lack  originallity.  In my personal opinion, the best thing about this album is  it's cool Dave-McKean-esque artwork (which again lacks originallity as it  is mimicing the style of another artist)  I recommend Mule Variations only  to curious fans and this import should be purchased exclusively by  those  obsessive completists.
B000002JOH|1.0|I bought this album listened to it once and gave it to a friend of mine.  Unfortunately, we work together so I am repeatedly exposed to this trash.  As someone who grew up with GREAT metal bands like Iron Maiden and Judas  Priest to name a couple, in my opinion this is NOT Heavy Metal any more  than Lawrence Welk is.  Heavy metal music is not just fast riffs, there is  actually some melodic flow to TRUE Metal music something almost completely  missing from this CD.  &quot;Walk&quot; and &quot;F***ing Hostile&quot; are  the only cuts that are not utter agony to listen to.  And even those are  somewhat ruined by a lead &quot;singer&quot; who does not sing ONE note the  entire album, just screams at the top of his lungs.  The thing that  aggrivates me most of all is that Testament, at one time one of the  greatest Metal bands ever, has decided they want to sound like Pantera II,  and that, along with the departure of Alex Skolnick, has COMPLETELY  destroyed the band.
B000005H3M|5.0|If you're a big band fan in general and a Buddy Rich fan specifically, this ablum is as good as it gets!  Breath-taking arrangements...amazing performers.
B000002UKS|5.0|I didn't buy this album because of Nirvana, I bought it because of Dave Grohl and the FOO Fighters. When I first heard &quot;I'll Stick Around&quot; off the first album, I was hooked and new I'd found something  awesome. I wasn't let down by &quot;The Colour and the Shape.&quot; It's a  more mature and finely crafted album. BUY IT. You won't be sorry. I only  wish the third album was out.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I am the largest fan there is of smashing pumpkins. I may not have all the merchandise. But the way i feel about them is enough to show anyone. Pumpkins are the super-powers of the music world. Billy Corgan is more  famous than god.
1572522704|5.0|I dont know which version I saw... Im sure it was the Nc-17... But anyways it was a wonderfull movie. It wasn't full of pathetic blondes with too much makeup and cant act, it had an interesting variety you NEVER see... It was  perfect really. You won't regret getting this.
0380973464|5.0|I've been inquiring at various book counters about new Neal Stephenson books for 2+ years now, to no avail.  Having read his other offerings, I was anxious to get another fix.<br />I could not have been more satisfied by  &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;.  Stephenson's tongue-in-cheek style is in the  same class as Douglass Adams - at times I laughed so hard that it drew  looks from neighbors.  His ability to braid several intricate plotlines is  up there with Tom Clancy - I lost track of the time more than once.  If the  rumors are true, then &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; is only the beginning of a  wonderful series in the same lofty strata as Robert Jordan's &quot;Wheel of  Time&quot; (and hopefully more frequent!).<br />The characters are likable.   The plotlines are thick and crisp, making it easy to read 900 pages without  gasping for air.  The sarcasm and irony are rich and quite tasty.  Even the  technical detail and analyses are a joy to read!  I never really considered  the relationship between sex and my productivity, but now that you mention  it...     ...kinda makes me glad that I don't have a 747 hanging from my  ceiling, y'know?<br />Don't wait - get the book.  Savor every last  encryption-encrusted bit.<br />PS:  Yes, the typos do contain an encrypted  message - and the book itself is a one-time pad.  First, find all of the  typos.  There are several - enough for a complete sentence.  Then start on  the 39th line of page 209, 11th character from the right, and then skipping  letters in a Fibonacci series...   ...well, I'll let YOU figure it out.
B00000JPH5|5.0|YEY!!!! I love this movie and I am SOO thrilled that I can now own it! I have been waiting SO long! This is such an enchanting and inspiring story and I reccomend EVERYONE to see it!! Its beautiful work by Jim Henson!  David Bowie does an EXCELLENT job at this role!!! This is one of the best  fantasy movies I have ever seen and again I am THRILLED that I can now OWN  IT!!!! THANK YOU AMAZON.COM!!!!!
B00000JCB2|3.0|I do have to say i am a bizkit fan but like the first album it seems like they rushed and didn't actually achieve an album where every song is worth listening to.Granted there are good songs on here like the first 5 songs or  so,and then it seems to lose it until the end when there are a couple good  songs.
B00000J7S8|4.0|I've been wild about Diana's music ever since I heard &quot;Body and Soul&quot; (from her first release) on the radio...had to pull my car off the road to soak it up.<br />This CD doesn't grab me like &quot;All for  You&quot;, but I find the songs to be joyful and the lyrics uplifting.  I  could listen to Diana nonstop, all day long.  I've seen her live three  times and am astonished at her subtlety, brilliance, and clarity.  Her  presentation appears to be effortless and pure joy washes over the  audience.  What more can someone give to the world?
B000002J0B|3.0|Now, it's a great LZ album,but it, inmy opinion is not the best LZ albumaround,LZ 2 and 3 are somewhat better.But that's just me...I mean while I likeLed Zeppelin well enough i'll take Pink Floyd or Emerson, Lake  &amp; Palmer over LZ.Well 2&amp;3 are the exceptions,some people may  disagree and I can see why,so I'll leave it at this Good but not the best.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|Okay so maybe its not Smash, Ignition, or their self-titled album. Those of you who say Smash is the best have probably never listened to or heard of their first 2 albums. Anyway, this CD is their worst yet. It's real good  though just not punk-like anymore. They sucked ever since they went to  Columbia. Buy this CD if you like soft punk or just The Offspring. If  anything buy their first album (remade in 95) The Offspring.
B000002J09|5.0|An important point about listening to Stairway is mood. You can't listen to this song just having come from a party or feeling really full of energy and upbeat. One has to be in a metaphysical frame of mind to truly enjoy  the song.
0312199066|5.0|First, I loved the book, and it was refreshing to read about the trials and tribulations of Gemini IX and Apollo X.  You hear and read a lot about Apollo 11 and 13, but there was plenty of adventure on the other missions  as well.<br />Some readers have bashed Gene for his negative comments  regarding several other astronauts, notably Buzz Aldrin.  I don't think he  is being unreasonable.  By ALL accounts, in varying degrees of candor, Buzz  was a royal pain.  He wasn't quite right.  I remember seeing him on  television a couple of years ago hawking his new science fiction book - it  was the most embarrassing thing I have ever seen.  <br />And Buzz's  involvement with the National Space Society is also... not quite right.  He  seems to live in the world of the fantastic, among people who dream a lot,  but have great difficulty translating their ideas into reality.  One reason  it is hard to get the public behind space programs is that guys like Buzz  scare people.  He has the technical mind, but his understanding of how to  motivate the people who COULD get the money for Mars projects, etc., is  lacking.<br />Gene ponders several times the fact that he is STILL the last  man on the moon, and may be so for years to come.  He doesn't offer his  slant on how to get back to the moon.  And perhaps that isn't his job.   <br />But it CERTAINLY isn't Buzz's job!  You can't get people to Mars by  whipping the wispy tendrils of society into a fury.  You've got to bring  the public into the picture.  The mass population will determine if we go  or not.  They are the ones who need to be coaxed and coddled into  understanding why.  <br />I think people like Gene do a lot more for that  cause by offering their down-to-earth perspective.  The general public can  relate to that.<br />Gene, and the other astronauts have every right to  criticize Buzz.  Frankly, I'm glad to see somebody cutting him down to  size.<br />And did you see his goofy tie at the Apollo 11 30th anniversary  presentation hosted by Al Gore....
0684843749|4.0|That's a pretty good book, but the nutrition chapter and the routines are poor.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I've got everything he's done and this album is the most unique, different, and thoughful album of his. He has changed so much since &quot;Moby&quot;, which is hard techno, this is a lot softer with grooving  beats and the occasional techno-ish tune. Thankfully, no hard core fast  crap like on &quot;Everything is wrong.&quot; A great album, but if you're  looking for &quot;classic&quot; Moby, buy &quot;MOBY&quot; or  &quot;Move.&quot; They rock!
0684874350|5.0|I loved this bookand have recommended it to others.I found the story to be sad,open and funny .I loved the way the story is told from a childs point of view.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Just as the Spanish invasion is reborn (Rickey Martin et al)comes a phenomenal album from guitar legend Carlos Santana. This time Santana plays with a number of different players to compile one of the cathiest and  innovative discs of the year.
078062565X|5.0|This is my fourth video purchase of KING KONG. I bought this copy because I too thought that the famous spider scene would be included. (Oh Well!) KING KONG is still the best of all time!!! For the time period, the special  effects are just awesome!  I strongly recommend that if there is anyone who  has not seen this video its a must see!
0553208845|4.0|Read this journey of Self-discovery, and then, perhaps, you too, will be inspired to discover the Real Truth, about your own, self/soul!<br />This book is for those &quot; Soul-seekers &quot;, that do believe, that there  is so much more to life, and to ones' inner experiences, than what, MTV,  and spectator sports, and endless materialism, can and do, only provide! An  excellent little book!
6304539282|3.0|Please, please, PLEASE, watch Star Wars with an open mind and forget all the hype you've ever heard. If you beleive all the &quot;greatest movie of all time!!!&quot; hogwash that's being splattered all over the place,  you'll be dissapointed: the Star Wars series are kid's movies. (On a  sidenote, I don't think anyone's qualified to judge what the best movie of  all time is since I doubt anyone's ever seen all the movies ever made.)  Yes, they're fun and entertaining and imaginative, but they're still just  kid's movies. It's kind of sad how Lucas' simple artistry is thrown out the  window by dealers merchandising and publicizing the poor movies to death,  and a horde of fanatics making the whole thing a stupid religion. It's  good, but not THAT good. The plot is pretty simple, your basic evil empire  with legions of evil soldiers who can't shoot worth crap and a large very  scary commander (Darth Vader's breathing alone makes him creepier than  Freddy Krueger) vs. a group of outgunned but indefinately smarter and  better-looking rebels (Luke's bad haircut aside.) The special effects are  only mediocre (I was pretty dissapointed the first time I saw the FX, all  the hype made me expect something that'd trump Jurassic Park.) The FX are  still good, but they can't compare to anything made these days. The acting  is pretty bad, but then again, who watches sci-fi for the acting  anyway?<br />So if you're sick of all the brain-numbingly bad and unoriginal  sci-fi movies of the 90's (which there are a lot of), and you want  something with a lot of action and imagination, then buy the Star Wars  Triology. It just can't be beat, it'll bring out the kid in you. If you  want something more serious or dramatic or intellegant, go get something  like Planet of the Apes or the Alien series.
6300182193|3.0|Just as with Bela Lugosi's &quot;Dracula,&quot; the film itself is not (in my opinion) very good, but the lead actor's performance is magnificent!  Frank Langella was devastating -- powerful, magnetic, intelligent,  completely hypnotic and seductive!  My favorite lines:  when Lucy asks him  to dance and he starts to reply &quot;But I hardly ...&quot; and she  interrupts to say, &quot;Don't worry, I'll teach you&quot; ... then, as the  music begins, he very masterfully pulls her closer to him and as he leads  her into the first steps of the waltz, he murmurs &quot;I was going to say  ... but I hardly know you.&quot;  Then late in the film, when Jonathan is  trying to kill him and snarls &quot;You won't get Lucy!&quot; and he  responds, with utter contempt, &quot;Lucy is already mine.&quot;   &lt;Gasp&gt; Langella has the most beautiful voice in the industry - the  voice the adjective &quot;velvety&quot; was intended to describe;deep,  smooth, hypnotic even now, and in this film he was handsome enough to die  for.  OK, he's older now and he's lost much of his hair, but this is still  one incredibly sexy man!  Those eyes haven't lost a thing, and neither has  the voice.  Lugosi's portrayal showed raw power; in his day (and in the  book), sexuality was something frightening and evil; Langella's Count is  temptation personified, reeking with pure sexual magnetism.  I loved him!
B000002UAX|5.0|I think the music fan from IMG should get his facts straight.  John Lennon did not write or sing Back in the U.S.S.R.  Paul McCartney did.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This is one cool flick! De Niro, Pacino, Kilmer, who could ask for a more astounding cast? The opening sequence and the bank heist will knock your socks off if you have a Dolby Digital 5.1 sound system.  The MANN who  created Miami Vice gives us more from his brilliant mind. Buy it  ASAP!!!
0440219078|3.0|Because Lois Lowry received a Newbery Award for this book I began reading with high expectations.  They fell flat.  I was very disappointed with this book.  I am not a big fan of fantasy/science fiction and this may have been  one of the problems that I had.  The story is highly imaginative and very  well told, but the ending was not satisfying.  If you enjoy science  fiction/fantasy you may enjoy this better than I did.
630307362X|2.0|Hated this movie.  Almost from the beginning I was hoping the little girl would meet some horrible end.  I wonder how people expressing love for this film are just caught up in its pretentious artistry.
6304061994|5.0|I could not wait to buy this film, and I must admit to watching it probably 100 times.  While I loved (and bought) the soundtrack, and was a sucker for the scenery, 100 times has got to add up to more than that.  Legends has a true turn of the century ambiance, with the characters  tragically in love, and so often dying young. At the time the film is set,  this is not melodrama, folks.  It is life. There is a strong native  american current running through Legends, and that is another reason I  liked it. If you like histry, action, romance and beauty of every kind  there is, Legends of the Fall is the film for you.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This record is again a loosely connected ensemble of stories about lowlifes and misfits like &quot;Swordfish,&quot; but with several differences.  The main one is the size -- this record is substantially  longer (four songs and 15 minutes) than &quot;Swordfish&quot;, and you can  feel the difference in longer songs and in its sprawling scope.  Most of  the characters in &quot;Swordfish&quot; reappear throughout the record, but  &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; characters are anonymous and could be anybody from a  gritty downtown neighborhood at any point in history.<br />The songs on this  record are longer, stronger individually and just damned good.   &quot;Downtown Train&quot; is a massive pop song with Waits' characteristic  grit thrown over it.  &quot;Anywhere I Lay My Head&quot; is a heart-rending  gospel number that Waits delivers like a cross between a streetcorner  preacher and an enraged drunk.  There are some psycho blues raveups  (&quot;Union Square,&quot; &quot;Big Black Mariah), a few spoken songs  (&quot;9th and Hennepin,&quot; &quot;Walking Spanish), some folksy tunes  (&quot;Time&quot; is the prettier end, &quot;Gun Street Girl&quot; is the  more tossed-off end).<br />Waits' arrangements, frequently criticized by  snobbier listeners, are in many ways the most effective point of the  record.  The elegiac trumpet with the harmonium on &quot;Anywhere I Lay My  Head&quot; is a good example of mood.  Listen to the layers of percussion  on &quot;Clap Hands&quot; or &quot;Jockey Full of Bourbon,&quot; which  evoke late-night dives in New Orleans where the house musicians are 1920's  Berliners.  Hmm.  The minimalist banjo/percussion of &quot;Gun Street  Girl&quot; perfectly aid the caper-gone-wrong narrative.<br />Get this record!   There's no good analogy in pop today to Waits.
6305358613|1.0|I sincerely hope that no one is assuming that this DVD has anything to do with history. Elizabeth had an amazing life but this film is all style and absolutely no substance
B00000IBRX|5.0|This is a wonderfull movie, though unfortunately overlooked and underated by most people. I believe  its because this isnt the sort of movie you can sit around watching while chatting with a bunch of friends, and not devote  youre 100% attention to because you will lose so much. It has a beautiful  story, and is visually beautiful too. If you are interested in storys that  involve love, family, spirituality, great emotion, courage... You'll love  this.
6305171769|4.0|H20, comes close to erasing the obvious &quot;make sequels for money&quot; attitude that parts 4-6 had. The whole cult plot, and mind controlling of his niece, turned Michael into something other than what Carpenter and Hill  started with the first movie. Here, we get to see Laurie Strode, 20yrs  separated from &quot;The night he came back home&quot;. I would have  prefered someone other than Williamson doing the script, and would have  liked to have seen Carpenter take the helm as director again, but it made  parts 4-6 look like b-rated gore fests. Its obvious that the makers of H20  wanted nothing to do with parts 4-6 since there is no reference to any of  the obsurdities brought into the story with parts 4-6. The mask still does  not come close to being as effective as the original modified Shatner mask  from parts 1 and 2. Also, &quot;the shape&quot; look and movement is still  not close to Nick Castle's version (Dick Warlock came the closest of anyone  in Halloween 2). Looking forward to the video release to the public in  October.
078062565X|5.0|What a disappointment! O.K the movie is great as seen at a hundred times- but the big announced &quot;Special Edition&quot; with the cut &quot;Spider scene&quot; is still  missing!? Who knows why? Do you, guys from Warner Brothers? Hope we'll get  a real special edition on DVD very soon. It would be great for any classic  movie collector!
6305268843|5.0|What a beautiful film! There hasn't been a film like Firelight that can capture my heart and breath for a long time. Everything about this movie, the dialogue, cast, performance, music, plot, chemistry and much more are  wonderfully done. I can't wait to own it when the DVD comes out. So far  there's only two history romance on my list, Dangerous Liaison and  Firelight. I wish I can see more movies like this one.
0767903811|5.0|i bought the book on a fluke at the san francisco airport on my way to a family event in st. louis.  i could not contain my laughter.  both the flight there and the return home, fellow travelers stared at me and my  husband shush'd me - but neither could help me contain my laughter.  hard  as i tried, the laughter was not going to be content silent inside of me.   i finished half the book on the way there and the other half on the way  home.  on the flight home, the woman next to me asked me the name of the  book - she had not seen anyone laugh so hard at a book - and she too wanted  to read it.  when i got home, i sent my copy off to my sister immediatly!   highest praise, indeed!
B000001DTM|5.0|Without a doubt the greatest album of the 90's nothing comes close to this (sorry Nirvana, or Pearl Jam.) The song &quot;One&quot; is possibly the finest song of the last 30 years. Before this album was made the greatest  rock bands of all-time consisted of The Beatles, The Stones, and Led  Zepplin. After this album the greatest rock bands of all-time consisted of  The Beatles, The Stones, Led Zepplin, and U2.
B000002GYN|5.0|Contrary to the last reviewer, I recommend this one as THE introductory Eagles album. It has a diverse and genuine feel that ranks up there with the Flying Burrito Bros. groundbreakers and The Byds' Sweetheart of the  Rodeo. After Bernie Leadon left, this band was reduced to an over-produced,  slick, formulaic clone of itself. This record is legendary - it is  responsible for much of the country music you are hearing today.
6302860253|5.0|There couldn't possible ever be a better version of Bizet's masterpiece. Carmen herself could not have been cast any better. She is a spitfire. She is sexy. She IS Carmen. <br />The direction is wonderful. The photography is  simply breathtaking. Almost every scene is reminiscent of an old master  painting. <br />Even WITHOUT the music it would be a great movie. If I had  more stars to give, this exquisite work of art would garner them all.
B000002L8R|4.0|&quot;She sells Sanctuary&quot; is simply THE best rock song ever made.  The CD was not their best, but that one song is worth the price.
B000002A6M|5.0|With this album and Rocks (this album being the superior of the two), Aerosmith staked thier claim to being THE rock band of the seventies.  Lots of sleaze (Uncle Salty, Adam's Apple), lots of funk (Walk This Way, No More  No More), lots of sexual innuendo (Big Ten Inch Record).  All this, and I  still haven't even mentioned the title track or the timeless &quot;Sweet  Emotion&quot;.  Great stuff, the album's only flaw is that it makes the  rest of their career pale in comparison.
B000007VCM|4.0|&quot;She sells Sanctuary&quot; is simply THE best rock song ever made. The CD was not their best, but that one song is worth the price.
0679416781|2.0|I started this book with great expectations only to be greatly dissapointed!  I fell asleep reading this book repeatedly.
B000002TQV|5.0|Frankly, I think all of the praise heaped on &quot;OK Computer&quot; was misplaced.  Though it was a great album, it seems that critic-types realized they had missed the boat when reviewing &quot;The Bends&quot; and  attempted to make up for it.   &quot;The Bends&quot; is just fabulous  all-around.  Where&quot;OK&quot; meanders slightly into the experimental  arena, &quot;Bends&quot; sticks it out in the mainstream of listenability.   I've heard the U2 meets Pink Floyd label and agree.  If U2 met Pink Floyd  and hired a singer with a high-pitched voice, you'd get Radiohead. The best  song on this CD, I think, is &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;.  I still  haven't a clue what they're lyrics mean, but its a trip trying to figure it  out. This would be up there on the list of desert island CD's, ahead of  &quot;OK Computer&quot; (but only by a few).
0380973464|5.0|Wow!  I've read a lot of sci fi books and technothrillers, and this is one of the very best.  Funny, great plot, great characters, a truly enjoyable read.  Much better than his Snow Crash, which was also very good.
630307362X|5.0|This movie has such an eerie and haunting visual style that it is scary.  Great direction by Jane Campion, who found and stuck by a &quot;look&quot;.  Holly Hunter could not have been better, and Anna Paquin matched her with  sprite.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman is probably THE greatest singer of today! She is the only vocalist I can stand hearing over and over again and &quot;Eden&quot; could very well be her best. I love &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; but I  occasionally need a change. &quot;Eden&quot; supplies for that need with  it's celtic feel and incredible range of emotion, it is impossible not to  have something for everyone! If you are unfortunate enough not to have  heard to Ms. Brightman (or had heard her and not liked her as I did at  first) this CD will convert you into a fan. In short if you do not own  &quot;Eden&quot; BUY IT!!!:)
0788811355|5.0|This has got to be the most romantic movie ever made.  It puts &quot;love conquers all&quot; to the test.  The setting of this movie really made it work.  Sublime acting from everyone, especially Juliette Binoche, who won a  well-deserved Oscar.
B00000HZFH|4.0|The songwriting is fantastic, however, I think  they need a studio guy to point out the weak spots. And the drums are just pathetic. Get a drumer for God sakes.
0399128964|5.0|I first read it when I was 12, and still pick it up every 3 years or so to suck it all in again. There are very few books that I honor with a re-read. His characters grab your imagination and stay with you the rest of your  life. There's battles, intrigue, politics, big business and even  Ornithopters. And to this day I'd give anything to sit astride a racing  Sandworm and glide across the vast sandy expanses of Dune World.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Without a doubt, Heat is one of the best films of the decade, and I consider myself a movie snob. Godard and Fassbinder are more my taste, but I can't deny that Heat is a great movie.
B0000025DR|5.0|This has to be the ultimate classic work of ELO.  Other following albums continued to add more of a mainstream synthesized sound  while departing more from the hard but concise orchestra sound that Face the Music  provides.
B000002MFN|5.0|For those of you who missed her SEX book, this CD comes d*** close. With themes of sex, love, lust,  and romance, Madonna sings - and performs spoken word (don't call it rap) - about sadomasochism, oral sex, casual  sex, procreation and the like, all while exploring different variations of  NYC house music. <br />The music is cold and gray, much like the aluminum  cover of her SEX book (the CD photos are from her notorious book), but that  doesn't matter. Madonna shows and proves she is in total control here, from  the opening vinyl record-like background noise to the closing piano  jazz-hip hop fade. She introduces herself, and walks us through her sordid  realm, a place of alcoholic/chain-smoking harlots, jealous women, and AIDS  victim mourners. She trips though, when she presents us with a call to  unity (the suggestively-titled &quot;Why's It So Hard?&quot;). <br />Don't let  the &quot;PARENTAL ADVISORY EXPLICIT LYRICS&quot; tag prevent you from  listening to this infamous Madonna album - she's no potty mouth (only 5  profanities on the entire 72 minute CD)- but a &quot;cunning  linguist&quot;, and the label is just there for the subject  matter.<br />EROTICA was supported by four singles/videos and a tour (Girlie  Show).
6302043158|4.0|Anfang der 80er, selbst gerade 17 geworden, stellte dieses Filmwerk fr mich einen absoluten Hhepunkt der Identifikation mit der MOD-Bewegung der 60er-Jahre dar: phantastische Musik, hype Kleidung, scharfe  Vespi/Lambrettas. Dieser Film spiegelt wohl perfekt das Lebensgefhl der  echten Mods, die in den 60ern gelebt hatten, wieder. Ich bedauerte damals,  zuspt geboren worden zu sein, zumal diese Jugendkultur bei uns in  sterreich lediglich eine Minoritt darstellte. Ich schaue mir auch heute  noch  gelegentlich den Film an und werde jedesmal aufs Neue von der Wehmut  und der Erinnerung an die &quot;Swinging Sixtees&quot; gepackt! Greetings  to all the mods in the world! (STAPLER from Austria)
6302797535|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was a teenager.  I didn't understand the significance then but still, I never forgot it.  Now as an adult, I LOVE its satire.  For another great satire, see 'Being There', also with Peter  Sellers.
B000002KKC|3.0|Following the artistic and commercial success of their previous two albums, &quot;Tusk&quot; finds Fleetwood Mac in a pretty weird way. There is a curious lack of memorable melodies, generally spare productions, and  not a lot of unity; you can obviously tell who wrote what song even by just  looking at the titles. Half of it seems to have been recorded by Buckingham  on his own in his garage; hardly masterpiece material, just the arrogant  doodlings of a telented man. Christine McVie, who so often writes great hit  pop songs, seems to have forgotten her craft here, instead turning in a few  maudlin forgettables. (And has she ever been other than simpering towards  men?) The best material here is Stevie Nicks', though little of it is  memorable either. To be sure, &quot;Sara&quot; is a hit and  &quot;Tusk&quot; is brilliant (though oddly mixed). Otherwise it's not a  very experimental experiment.
B00000F14B|5.0|I have seen this DVD more than a dozen times--it's one of my two-year-old's favorites--and the occasional comment here that the video is less than superb are dead wrong.  I have seen it on a first generation  Pioneer DVL-90 player as well as a new Sony DVP-S550D, and with either  player the presentation is astonishingly good--particularly considering  that the film is now more than 35 years old.  The introduction with Shirley  Jones gives you some idea of the care with which Warner has addressed the  transfer.  The introduction clearly was prepared before the final video  transfer, and uses a few snippets of scenes that clearly originate from an  earlier transfer.  The snippets are fuzzy and lacking in vibrancy.  The  film itself is sensational, as can be seen from the brilliant colors of the  period costumes and the band uniforms.<br />I have also seen the old VHS and  laserdisc editions, and any comparison of video quality is absurd.  On  audio the &quot;Lida Rose&quot; sequence demonstrates the effective use of  all three front channels.  There is, of course, little in the surrounds, as  this is a musical and not &quot;Die Hard&quot;.<br />The musical is itself a  joy; superior to most due to the wry wit of the author.<br />This DVD is a  must-purchase for musical fans.
0425132153|5.0|My list of books that deserve a 10 out of ten isn't very long (about 20) but this one is definitely on there.  Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman make a perfect team.  My favorite part is about the four Horsepersons of the  Apocalypse...and the OTHER four Horsepersons of the Apocalypse, the ones  that aren't mentioned in the Book of Revelation.  Every time I think of  that it makes me laugh.   I have only read one Discworld book, The Color Of  Magic, but Good Omens is definitely superior to it.  I have read The  Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy and half of The Restaurant, and Good Omens  is also superior to Douglas Adams' books, at least those two.  You want to  know why?   1) Good Omens is funnier.   2) In Good Omens you REALLY get to  know the characters and care about them: Anathema, Crowley, Aziraphale,  Adam... In just a few short sentences you get a perfectly clear picture of  who they are.   3) Good Omens is much deeper than the Hitchhiker's Guide.   It's not _just_ for laughs.  Dare I say it...Good Omens has morals.  The  morals are in no way overpowering or preachy, quite subtle.  I don't know  about you, but I like to have a little to think about in my books.  But if  you don't, you are sure to like Good Omens anyway.   If you liked this  book, I recommend Bridge of Birds by Barry Hughart; The Princess Bride by  William Goldman; of course the Hitchhiker and Discworld books; and The  Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife by Philip Pullman, which I always  recommend no matter what else you like.  Of course, you should also read  Neil Gaiman's other stuff.  I actually recommend reading first Stardust,  then Neverwhere or Good Omens, because the latter two are much better.  I  can't make any recommendations for Smoke and Mirrors or The Sandman,  because I haven't read them (though I'm desperate to!!)  Neil Gaiman, I  think, is my second-favorite author behind Philip Pullman, and that is an  extremely high compliment, coming from me.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I heard &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the radio and decided to buy the CD. &quot;Here With Me&quot; turned out to be my favorite song of the bunch, but I wasn't disappointed with the others. Soulful tunes you can groove to.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I like the Chili Peppers, but I only like a few songs.Scar Tissue is my favorite!
0062502182|5.0|This small book reminding me more of A Childs bedtime story was given to me by a friend and ever second I had I read.  It is a book so full of little things that make you think twice and than a third time.  It will  help anyone who is just &quot;wondering&quot; where they stand in their own  life.. and would force anyone to take a step back and examine what they  feel is their own life.  I loved it from start to finish in my enjoyment of  the simple words and deep meaning.  I highly reccommend.
B000001E18|5.0|This album is definitely my favorite U2.  I don't like much of their normal or wanna-be techno music.  This album is very original in comparison to all their other works, and the song Lemon is in my mind one of the best  songs ever made.  I'd buy the album for that song alone!  Although some of  the tracks really suck (like songs 2 and 6, absolute garbage), you can  always press the fast forward button.  :)  Not to be missed, unless you  have a disdain for anything synthesized.
6300181251|5.0|I find Psycho quite enthralling more than 25 years after I first saw it. The scenes in Phoenix, Janet Leigh's traumatic drive through the desert and the build-up to the murder are extraordinarily effective. I agree with the  earlier reviewer who said the movie's best scene is the one between Perkins  and Leigh in the motel's back room. She has just driven in from the rain  and he offers her sandwiches and milk. All's well so far. But then they  start to discuss life, and the conversation and atmosphere become ever more  creepy. Definitely one of the best 10 movies ever.
0790729989|5.0|This is the BEST movie of the 90's. For once an american movie without a happy Disney ending!! The script is diffrent and interesting. A must see for anyone with a brain and the ability to think.
0783216084|5.0|I watched this as a teenager when it first came out, and now I am showing it to my own children. Absolutely magnificent story, superb acting, unforgettable music, brilliant evocation of small-town coastal life, and  quite terrifying the first time you see the shark bite! Will last as long  as they make movies.
B000002G7G|5.0|A little breakfast at night/ Well, I'm beginning to see the light.&quot;<br />If you are already a fan, you own all of their albums.  If you want to know what the fuss is all about, this is the place to start.   Fresh and exciting thirty (!)years later.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have both Surfacing and Fumbling Toward Ecstasy, and I loved both, and this CD is comprised mainly between the two.  I loved hearing Sarah sing in reaction to an audience, her performances are quite intimate...of course,  this CD having &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; was worth buying it even if  all Sarah did for the rest of the album was to read from the Yellow  Pages!!! I get something different from Sarah's songs each time I hear  them.  It is like she is singing from my life. Thank you, Sarah, for  sharing this hatful of diamonds with us.
0767817478|3.0|From the creators of Independence Day comes the most talked about movie of the year.....well, almost. Godzilla? or Jurassic Park 3? <br />The first time I got to see these flashy movie teasers I said to myself that this movie is  going to be BIG (no puns intended), a sure fire Mega-Blockbuster. <br />The  original conception of Godzilla was evolved as a testament to the  nightmarish life of the Japanese brought about by the a-bomb drop during  world war 2. This time it was geared against the French Nuclear Testing.  During this mishap an unsuspecting iguana? happens to be near the site and  gets irradiated. We've heard about the earthworms to enlarge and The  Incredible Hulk to bulk in size, but growing to a skyscraper magnitude??  And in such a short span of time? Talk about major growth balls. I have got  to get one of those. And the only thing it wants to do is lay some eggs on  a country thousands of miles away? The US is really having bad luck.  <br />Nick Tatopoulos (Mathew Broderick) started off in the area of the  Chernobyl Disaster area. This scene pretty much tells a backgrounder of the  nature of his work. This guy, must be either really fascinated with  irradiated creatures or the radiation must have fried most of his logic  cells. Just imagine being face to face with Godzilla and above all things  is enjoying himself by taking a picture of Godzilla! That would have scared  the pants out of me. And this guy seem to have all the answers to  everything. What's weirder than this is the spontaneity of these answers.  His decisions seem to pop out of thin air and come up with the most absurd  suggestion and end up being right?!!? <br />Philippe Roache played by Jean  Reno is what I think the only un-exaggerated character in Godzilla. The  French Agent out to save France from its mistakes. At first there is an  enigmatic nature to his character. You can't really say who's side he's on  and what his purposes are. However, midway in the film, he gets to  introduce himself and turns out to be a comical McGyver type of a guy.  <br />People looking for no-nonsense, thrill packing movie or if you're the  special effects junkie, then this movie is for you. Like their previous  movie, Independece Day, Godzilla is loaded with visual effects. Devlin and  Emmerich really have this nasty habit of blowing up buildings, and it's  cool. <br />Godzilla provides an in your face horror. Just seeing disaster  right out of your window and staring at you. A humongous irradiated lizard  so agile it can dodge rockets. The action sequence in Madison Garden is an  edge of your seat thriller. 200 Baby Godzilla ready to pounce on you from  all corners. <br />Film companies sometimes overdo special effects even if  they are not required. Visual Effects are but mere tools to enhance the  movie and not the focus of it. Bottom line is, no matter how great your  effects are without a substantial storyline it would fail. <br />Special  Effects were great, top rate, but they were not &quot;original&quot;. We've  already seen them on Movies such as Jurassic Park and ID4. Basically, there  was nothing new to watch. This is what disappointed people. They expected a  bunch of all new special effects and be awe-struck like what ID4 did but  found stock effects they have already seen.
6303398480|5.0|I just went out and bought an NTSC video so I could watch the special edition.<br />First, I love the way they blend Ancient Egyptian beliefs and legends into the storyline - the Egyptian Gods are actually Ra's henchmen  in their battle helmets, The Pharoh's sarchophogi were based on Ra's bed  and so on.  They did a wonderful job in blending these little hints in -  never saying it overtly, just letting you pick it up if you saw it.<br />The  characters are fun...the two hero's approaching nominal normality from  opposite ends of the spectrum.  The action scenes are also good fun, as is  just about everything else.  There are a couple of niggling little  problems, but frankly they're too petty to mention.  One of my all time  favourite films.
185984054X|2.0|Mr. Hitchens is guilty of intellectual dishonesty, muddle-headedness, or some degree of both in the way he frames his attack on the figure of Mother Theresa.  By and large what he says is true, but what it amounts to is not  so much an indictment of Mother Theresa as an attack on the religion she  represented, one that holds, for instance, that salvation is more important  than health or confort, that suffering may be a way to greater holiness,  and that abortion is a grievous sin.  I understand how someone like Mr.  Hitchens might disagree with these views (indeed, I am an atheist and  disagree with them too), but the book amounts to the shocking revelation  that Mother Theresa was (gasp!) a traditional Catholic.
0788811355|4.0|'The English Patient' is definitely on par with 'Doctor Zhivago'. At the center of each story is the universal human theme of looking for love, it can't get more realistic than that. We all long and dream and search for  that magical moments, when we believe that we have finally been found by  our true loves. What makes this movie great is the fact that it was able to  convey this emotions. At the end of the movie, all the characters were  alone again, the Nurse, the Thief,the Bomb Defuser, but their lives have  been enhanced by their respective encounters. I think most of us can  recognize some resemblance of that endings with real life.
0060920084|5.0|Having traversed many of the highways described in this hilarious road trip account, I can tell you that Bryson's right on the money. He's snide, though, so be prepared. He's snide about everything, including himself, and  at times that's all that saves him and the book from seeming hopelessly  snobby. A previous reviewer pegged this book as a wake-up call. That it is.  It's also great fun if you're not one to take yourself (if you're an  American) too seriously.
B000000WA4|5.0|This is amazing.  The entire mood of this album can be summed up in its name.  There's not a bad song on here.  This is one of the few bands left that has the power to change the way you feel through their music
B000002BFZ|4.0|A while back I gave this album 1 star.  The first 4 or 5 times I listened to it, I really hated it.  Then one day I decided to crank it up and force myself to listen to it at high volume.  Some of the songs started to grow  on me.  So I listened to it again.  And again.  Now it is among my  favourite albums....  go figure!<br />For fans of Ten, Vs and Vitalogy, you  have to realize that this is a very different kind of Pearl Jam album.  The  songs are arranged at random, and there is a lot of slow stuff and some  weird stuff.  One song (Mankind) is sung by Stone Gossard, who really  shouldn't sing, and one song (Off He Goes) sounds EXACTLY like a moody,  slow, Neil Young song.  Eddie Vedder even seems to try to immitate Young's  vocals...  So it certainly takes a bit of getting used to, but in the final  analysis there are a lot of VERY good tracks here and it is definitely a  solid album.  (I still hate the cover, though)<br />You tricked me, Pearl Jam!
B000000H42|3.0|Mercyful Fate, in this CD, lives  a contraditory situation. The Shermann / Denner duo of guitars is breathtaking and highly creative, drummer Kim Ruzz is close to perfection, bass player Timmi Grabber is very good. But,  wherever you like it or not, King Diamond is the band's leader and main  songwriter. So I'll ask you: how can a band so good, with four awesome  talented musicians,  put their services to a CD with totally ridicule  lyrics dealing about Satanism in all their songs? Why? To make more money  selling the idea that you're &quot; radical&quot;, &quot;extremist&quot;? I  don't think so.(of course the ideas for the lyrics are from King Diamond)  Lyrics, in rock, doesn't need to have a &quot;social meaning&quot;,  &quot;beautiful words&quot;, &quot;poetry&quot; or something like that. But  that doesn't mean you've got to listen to stupid and futile words being  screamed at your ears by a great band and a great singer who,  unfortunately, leads the bands to wrong ways.
6304493681|2.0|Never understood why this movie was so popular. Sure it has some pretty cool artwork, I'll give it that, but I've tried to watch this movie 3 times and fell asleep to it in the first 15 min! Story is very boring and  confusing letting the viewer lose interest. I rate this 2 stars at most  cause of the good artwork but thats it! There are better ones out there!  Try &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot;!!!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|The Ghostbusters DVD edition, is a true example of how they can really take advantage of this wonderful videosystem. Ghostbusters in itself, is a wonderful movie, of transdimensional proportions. Now with this amazing DVD  edition, it is even better. This is my all time favoritte DVD, and a MUST  BUY for all owners of a DVD player, unless you hate Ghostbusters, not that  it's possible.
6305014140|5.0|Great art work for this great story! Lots of action, cool characters, (check out the huge &quot;rock like&quot; guy. He's awesome!) Much better than the WAY overrated and boring &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; and  &quot;Akira&quot;. I tried to watch &quot;Ghost&quot; 3 times and fell  asleep in the first 15-20min. &quot;Akira&quot; had its moments but never  understood why it was the breakthrough in japanese anime.
6304479689|4.0|&#34;Elvis On Tour&#34; (1972) is a revealing portrait of an artist in obvious decline. Compared to the excellent &#34;That's the Way It Is,&#34; the Presley seen &#34;On Tour&#34; looks like a different person — he's overweight, less enthusiastic and somewhat distant. Nevertheless, it's a fascinating film  because it shows a different side of Elvis. Among the highlights are Presley's gospel numbers with J.D. Sumner and the Stamps. The live segments, however, lack the spontaneity and energy that dominated &#34;That's the Way It Is.&#34; As a result, &#34;Elvis On Tour&#34; succeeds primarily as a historic document rather than a concert showcase.
B00000DFRS|4.0|The song &quot;Its Not Right But Its Okay&quot; and &quot;When You Believe&quot; are so cool. They both get me up and singing or dancing. I recommend anybody who needs good soft music to put them to sleep.
0380973464|3.0|Short on plot and a grueling, long read. Not two points that match this to my &quot;best&quot; list. While I agree that Stephenson is, at times, brilliant at painting the page with words, I have one recommendation for  him and it's called and EDITOR. This is what happens when a writer becomes  nominally well known and, apparently, believes that nothing he writes  should be cut. This work would have been considerably more enjoyable at a  shorter length. That is not to say that all works should be, by nature,  short but Stephenson is no Tolstoy. It's this kind of post-modernist style  that leaves me cold. I will, however, give him top marks for cleverness.
B000000XBC|5.0|This is a very good album. It has maybe the best Creedence song &quot;Midnight Special&quot; which I wish was on the first chronicle along with &quot;born on the bayou&quot;. But I think they neededa reason for me  to buy the second chonicle. When I got the second chronicle I was happy  with the music. I love &quot;Wrote a song for everyone&quot; which John  Fogerty wrote after a fight with his wife. &quot;wrote a song for  everyone/but I couldn't even talk to you&quot; love that line. Theres also  many other good songs so it its worth the buy. Buy it if not for keeping  your sanity in a day of crap music then to try to save your kids from being  sucked into the world of N'Sync.
B000001GQD|5.0|Since the Tchaikovsky is a dud, don't buy this CD. Richter's Rachmaninov is also available on volume 3 of his entry in Philips' &quot;Great Pianists of the 20th Century&quot; series, coupled with superlative Rachmaninov,  Scriabin and Schumann solo works.
B000002KIE|5.0|While most accurate,dismissing NEVER MIND THE BULLOCKS as merely a series of loud, ragged, midtempo rockers with a harsh,grating vocalist and not much melody would be a terrible error.Already anthemic songs are rendered  positively trancendent by Johny Rottens rabid,foaming delivery. His  bitterly sarcastic attacks on pretentious affectation and the very  foundations of Brittish society were all carried out in the most  confrontational,impolite manner possible. Most imitators of the PISTOLS  angry nihilism missed the point: underneath the shock tactics and  theatrical negativity were social critiques carefully designed for maximum  impact. NEVER MIND THE BULLOCKS perfectly articulated the frustration,  rage, and disattisfaction of the Brittish working class with the  establishment, A spirit quick to translate itself to strictly Rock n roll  terms. THE PISTOLS paved the way for countless other bands to make  similarly rebellious statements, But arguably none were as daring or  effective. Its easy to see how the bands roaring energy,overwhelming snotty  attitude,and Rotten's furious ranting sparked a musical revolution, and  those qaulities haven't diminished one bit over time.NEVER MIND THE  BULLOCKS is simply one of the greatest,most inspiring rock records of all  time.
B000002NFM|5.0|The best album of 1997 is ofcourse Fat of The Land. Smack my bitch up, Breathe and Firestarter are the songs that hit the top charts but this Prodigy album has more great songs like Diesel Power, Mindfields and  Narayan!! A must for every person who loves music!!!
B000000XB9|5.0|I love pretty much all of these songs. I wish they put &quot;born on the bayou&quot; and &quot;midnight special&quot; on here but oh well. I bought this about 3 years ago when I was 16 and pretty much played it till I got  sick of it then played it some more just because its great. This is  literally the only cd I own that I think all the songs are good. The  amazing thing is that one band could have so many great songs. Some bands  are lucky if they make one memorable song.  I think you could play  &quot;Proud Mary&quot; or &quot;Bad Moon Rising&quot; to anyone and they  could say they have heard that song or sing some lines from it. I think  john fogerty is a brilliant man I wish I could go into his head and walk  around for a while who knows what kind of songs he's hiding in there. So  yes buy this I think you'll like it. the songs are simple but brilliant.  Try it out the worst that could happen is you don't like it,though I doubt  it, and you could give it to someone else, they would thank you I am sure.
0380796090|5.0|Marian Keyes is a brilliant writer!  Watermelon is such good fun, and at times I was even laughing out loud at Claire's comments.  I would highly recommend this book if you're looking for an engaging, witty and  entertaining read.
B000002UAX|5.0|Um, it's my painful duty to inform music fan from IMG that 'Back in the USSR' was not only written by Paul McCartney - it's also the only Beatles track on which he played drums. The lead guitar solo in the middle of the  song is his, too. No wonder John got out of the way! Anyway, I'm not sure  it's really that useful to categorise songs as 'Rock' or 'Pop' and then  dismiss them if they fall into the latter category - the statement that  'Back in the USSR' is the only rock song on The White Album is not one that  everyone would subscribe to. And maybe it doesn't matter - only the music  does, at the end of the day. I do agree with you, though - if this album  had been the Beatles' debut, they would never have got off the ground.  Their blend of sonic experimentation ('Revolution No. 9'), social satire  ('The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill', 'Piggies'), musical parody  ('Honey Pie', 'Yer Blues') and prototype Nirvana ('Happiness is a Warm  Gun') certainly isn't to everyone's taste - witness the fact that opinions  of the album are sharply divided until today.
6300214540|1.0|Unlike the previous &quot;Viewer from US&quot;, this is not realistic Navy life.  This movie is so distorted it is laughable.  Watch this movie as a comedy, not anything approaching reality.  It's a total Tony Scott MTV  commercialization (which he ueses again in &quot;Revenge&quot;).  The only  redeeming quality are the flying sequences (which are to take place over  water, yet you can see the mountains in the background).  For more realism  watch &quot;Red Flag&quot; with Barry Bostwick, even though it may still be  only seen on TV.
6304884419|5.0|I just saw this movie on cable tonight... I've seen it before many times... You can always tell a movie is great... When it stands the test of time... I've decided to buy this film on DVD.... Keep it close in your  thoughts...
6301966015|5.0|The books I have read and that have helped my enjoyment of the film 'Blow-up' include: Close-up by Marsha Kinder &amp; Beverle Houston -1972 (They observe the symmetrical plot and the connections with Art) Antonioni  by Ian Cameron and Robin Wood -1968 (They critique previous films and  explore the fantasy and reality at the heart of this film) Antonioni by Sam  Rohdie - 1990 (A slightly more fractured exposition about Antonioni and his  films, nevertheless it does include a large bibliography)<br />All these books  are out of print so you can now torture yourselves by trying to find them.  I have seen the german and english versions of Blow-Up and note the  slightly different title sequences. This film is about atmosphere, the  trees seem to talk, whispering in the breeze. The act of perception is at  the center of the film. The blow-up sequence throws the viewer into an act  of discovery, a fearful recognition of a ghost of a crime which gradually  evaporates into  an abstract painting.
0446343129|5.0|This is one of the best and revealing books on the sugar industry and the government connections I have read.
B000003TBP|5.0|With its heavy handed infusion of rock,pop funk,soul trip hop and rap,Beck Hansen has created one of the most intensely musical experiences ever printed onto a compact disc. The album blends sound from every place and  time imaginable and chucks them into a cocophenous cauldron of diamond pop  songs.This album is a true landmark in music history.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Elvis showed what he could do with a Bacharach-David song on \\"Stiffs Live\\" with \\"I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself\\".<br /><br />This is a great album...these two geniuses pull the best from each other. Elvis delivers a performance that goes beyond himself. And what a total delight these songs are! Just buy it and enjoy it!
B00000JXV7|5.0|Sandra Bullock and Ben Affleck are a great match, great supporting cast that includes Maura Tierney, Steve Zahn, and Blythe Danner. Masterfully directed by Bronwen Hughes, and tremendous special effects, plus a script  that is a lot more thoughtful than you'd expect in a movie like  this.<br />Check out FORCES OF NATURE. <br />Rated PG-13 for sensuality, language  and a scene of drug use.
B000002NG7|5.0|No band has ever had the luxury of having the BEST leader like Faith No More had.  Mike Patton was the true talent and desire behind this album. It's a shame that FNM won't have the chance to become even greater.
B0000024SI|5.0|Just a few words from an old Dylan fan.  I was 15 when this album was first released.  I have owned it in vinyl, cassette, CD, and Gold CD.  It is without question the greatest rock and roll album ever recorded.  It  sounds just as fresh and innovative today as it did 34 years ago.  Dylan  changed the face of music forever with his brilliant &quot;trilogy&quot; of  albums &quot;Bringing it All Back Home,&quot; Highway 61 Revisited,&quot;  and &quot;Blonde on Blonde.&quot;  Every song on this album is a classic.  It is the only &quot;perfect&quot; album ever made.  Two hundred years from  now people will be studying this album and Dylan's entire body of work the  way we study Shakespeare today.
B000006O7C|3.0|I bought Grace 4 years ago and I have to say it, it's one of the few albums that have any sense in the last years. I really liked JB, his music was the best I've heard in many years. But not this one. I don't like  Sketches that much (apart from a couple of songs), it doesn't make my hair  stand up... I'm sorry, because when I heard that they were going to release  it, I started sweating... It's a shame... and I've never had the  opportunity to see him live (I lived in Italy at the time)
1558807381|5.0|Legend is a true visual feast.  Tim Curry's portrayal of the Lord of Darkness is incredibly believable.  The visual effects, and make-up are dreamlike and sensual, engulfing the viewer into a world of fantasy where  evil, once again fails to prevail over good.  Tangerine Dream's soundtrack  is the perfect appetizer to this fairy-tale, and helps to maintain the  dreamlike qualities of Scott's film.  Jon Anderson's soaring vocal at the  end of the film is the exciting climax to this sensual pastiche.
0790736101|5.0|I must have watched this one 20 times, and it amazes me that I never tire of seeing it.  It's a shame that many modern audiences (and filmmakers) don't have the patience to enjoy a classic like Horror of Dracula.  I can't  think of a single thing I would change about it.  Bernard Hermann's score  is the best, and his Dracula theme would be used over &amp; over in the  sequels.  If you have never experienced Hammer's greatest movie--and, no  doubt, one of the finest horror films ever created--watch it!
0767819462|2.0|Three very talented actors were wasted in the sappy movie. Susan Sarandon is dying of cancer, but you hate her character for her attitude. Harris is weak, Roberts is cowardly. And the children are brats.
6305268843|5.0|Browsing in my local Blockbuster's one day, I came across the only copy of FIRELIGHT on the shelf for rental.  As an avid romance reader, I just ooh'd and aah'd over this film.  This is a wonderful story.  It outshines a later  try at a good movie, The Governess, which I didn't like. I would put this  movie right up there with JANE EYRE, one of my all time favorites.  The  acting, the story line, the scenery was a delight.  However, I didn't want  it to end.  I had hoped that Elizabeth, Louisa (Dominique Belcourt was  excellent in this part) and Charles would go to  America, as his sheep  farmer friend suggested.  The movie score was so hauntingly lovely.  Why no  CD release?  I searched everywhere, even on-line through the internet to  England.  Nothing.  Then I tried to find the video.  Yeah! I got it, but  not at the cost it's selling for now.  My membership in the Columbia Video  Club got me a copy for practically free.  I just renewed with a new  membership option and FIRELIGHT was one of the videos I ordered.  Needless  to say, when I first got it in the mail, I watched it every night for a  week.  Thanks William Nicholson for writing a wonderful story.  Now, if  Christopher Gunning will push to get the score recorded by a recording  company, I'll be one of the first in line to buy a copy. In reading the  other reviews, I see that I wasn't wrong.  This is a wonderful movie.  Tell  a friend.
B00000AFWW|4.0|this is a great CD...just forget all the other reviews (especially since they're full of spelling errors and you can't read them without wincing anyway).  this album isn't just for these 18 year-old poseur  kids, either.  i'm 36 and love this CD.
0783225970|5.0|I find that most critics and detractors of this film miss the point entirely.  They are letting their tender sensibilities and pretentious nature blind them to the redeeming qualities of this film.   <br />Brian De Palma's remake of &quot;Scarface&quot; plays on the same level as a Spaghetti Western, and it should be viewed as such.  It is over-the-top, exagerrated, and excessive.  It's a larger than life portrayal of the rise and fall of a crime lord.  It's the kind of movie that works in spite of itself.<br />So to all those who hate This movie, I have one final thought to leave you with.  If this film is such an abomination, why has it surpassed the Howard Hawk's original in terms of popularity and influence?<br />I welcome anyone who disagrees to E-mail a reply.
B000002IP1|5.0|The critics are wrong...this album is not the same as its predecesors.  'Face Value' and 'Hello I Must Be Going' are strikingly similar, and album #3, 'No Jacket Required,' is pure crap in my opinion save one song, the  last one.  But this album isn't just mindless pop like his previous  albums--this is a classic.  'Find a Way to My Heart' is the best song he  ever did...'Sussudio' may have horns like 'Hang in Long Enough,' but the  latter is a FAR better song...'That's Just the Way it Is,' 'I Wish it Would  Rain Down,' 'All of My Life,' are all great, great songs.  My advice for  anyone who wishes to hear the best of Phil Collins...don't waste your money  on 'Hits'...order the 'In the Air Tonight' single and this album.  That's  all you need.
B000002KAT|5.0|The mixed comments appearing are to be expected. If you keep hearing that something is &quot;brilliant&quot;, &quot;wonderful&quot;, &quot;best ever&quot; etc, chances are that your reaction on first hearing will be  &quot;What's all the fuss about?&quot;. This has happened with AW for  years. &quot;Paul McCartney said it was brilliant but it's just  rubbish&quot; is one I read a few years back. This CD version doesn't help  matters, though. Apparently Warners are planning to release a remastered  &quot;American Beauty&quot; (Grateful Dead). Maybe that will be the start  of the most overdue overhaul of a major catalogue there is. Harass them -  maybe we can badger them into it. In the meantime, if you've just caught up  with this one, try &quot;Veedon Fleece&quot;, &quot;St Dominics  Preview&quot; and &quot;Common One&quot; as well as the better known ones.  On the other hand, I cannot support those below who pump for &quot;Hymns To  The Silence&quot; - but as we all know, it's &quot;different  strokes...&quot;
0140186409|2.0|I'll give you good advice when deciding to buy this book : DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK. The sole reason i purchased this book was for my honors english class, and i cannot see why this book would be used. This book would have a  better purpose as a paperweight, it is so incredibly long, boring, and  pointless. Well you still might have a desire to purchase this book. That  is if you have become tired with the excitement staring at the wall gives  you.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|After a long absence from the sixties musical world, I restarted well by buying this record, recommended by the counter assistant.<br />Try also Terence Trent d'Arby and worthwile other new music protagonists.
0792151720|3.0|James Cameron has undeniably recreated the spectacular size and luxury of the Titanic, and treated its disastrous voyage with detail and suspense (after all, everyone knows that the vessel sank). But the fateful hours  between the ship's launch from Southampton and its collision with an  iceberg are less than absorbing, and in many spots downright unbelievable.  The central premise - that Kate Winslet's upper-class scion and Leonardo  DiCaprio's down-at-the-heels artist would strike up a passionate romance -  is simply stretching the social reality of 1912. However trapped the  character of Rose might have felt at the prospect of marrying the swinish  Cal Hockney, she wouldn't have seriously considered a life outside the  cosseted world of wealthy Philadelphia society, even for a rakish figure  like Jack Dawson. One imagines that the stratified classes of America and  Europe were perfectly mirrored onboard Titanic. Yet the director depicts  some very black and white views of both worlds. In first class, the  furnishings are top notch, everyone has room to roam, but people are rather  stiff, cold, and rarely exhibit any humanity (except Kathy Bates' Molly  Brown character - but she's new money, and still retains her earthiness).  By contrast, those in steerage class are poor but lively, rambunctious and  warm to everyone. This is Cameron's application of 1990s social sensitivity  to 1912 class consciousness. Nowhere is the revisionism more rampant than  in Rose's character:  as her disenchantment with Cal grows, she takes on  more \\"common\\" habits like spitting overboard (in first class!), dancing a  peasant jig with the masses in steerage and quaffing a large ale, and  generally forgetting her social training while frolicking with Jack Dawson.  The cheapest shot is when she gives the middle finger salute to Cal's  security man (played by veteran bad guy David Warner). Sorry, but in those  days an upper-crust girl wouldn't have used such an expression. There are  someoutright fabrications - details, certainly - but they belie Cameron's  boast of thorough research. When Rose and her mother settle into their  staterooms, we see Rose handling some very famous paintings by Picasso,  Monet and Degas. These are meant to show the family's sophistication.  Later, as the icy water rushes into the ship's compartments, we see the  paintings  floating by into oblivion. Cameron must have either forgotten or  ignored the fact that such major works are in museums today, and in  particular overlooked the fact that Picasso's \\"Les Demoiselles D'Avignon\\",  which Rose holds in her outstretched hands, is a very large canvas. Cal  smirks that Picasso will never amount to anything, but by then Picasso was  well known throughout Europe. Later, in the dining room, Rose mentions  Sigmund Freud in a brazen reference to the shipbuilder's obsession with the  ship's size. The shipbuilder, flustered, asks, \\"Who's this Freud? Is he a  passenger?\\" It's preposterous that such an educated man would not have  heard of Freud.<br />It's these details that make the film unbelievable.  Movie-making is about the gestures, tone, look and feel of people and their  period. We see glimpses of other passengers aboard Titanic, but their lives  are never explored in any deatil except as supports for the central love  story. An ensemble story, with several plotlines, would have enhanced the  movie greatly. When Jack goes under the waves at the end of the film, I  don't feel any great loss. There were hundreds of stories from that doomed  ship, but Cameron chose to play to today's easily-manipulated movie-goers,  particularly the teenage girls. Another director would have made a superior  film.
034538072X|5.0|I loved Katherine of Aragon, hated Anne and couldnt take my nose out of the book.  All his wifes are different and exciting to read about.  Im looking forward to the kids of Henry VIII.
B00000IHHN|5.0|From the first time I heard this score, I couldn't get the theme out of my mind. The story is classic, and the music will be, too. This music is so beautiful! Can't wait to see it staged in Las Vegas at the new Paris Hotel  next year.
0060987464|5.0|I can't stand here and tell you whether or not Manson is a writer of integrity, a strong person, an intelligent person, or a person of morals and philosophies.  My personal opinion is that he is all of these things.   But the book held me enthralled for so many different reasons.  The most  enthralling moment of all was the chapter on the creation of  &quot;Antichrist Superstar,&quot; an amazing chronicle of how a disturbed  man retreated into his past (and to the beginning of his book) to escape  the wretched whirlpool of his life, faced terrors about himself that had  afflicted him for years, and come out stronger and refreshed, like the  Antichrist Superstar described in the album (which, incidentally, meant so  much more to me after reading this segment).  His section on &quot;The  Rules&quot; is a welcolme amusement that never fails to crack me up.  I was  truly touched by his story.
B00000J8EK|5.0|um, did anyone else catch that accordian sample of &quot;jesus don't want me for a sunbeam&quot; by the vaselines on &quot;let forever be&quot;?  i was just wonderin' if i was going insane...
B000003BF1|5.0|All Stones fans should put Let It Bleed into their collections.  Along with Exile on Main Street and Beggar's Banquet, Bleed captures the Stones at their stoned and creative peak!
B00000IFP6|4.0|As a relative novice to classical music, my review may not be very technical, but I certainly love this collection.  The faster tempos help to avoid the tendency of Beethoven's symphonies to get bogged down in  melodrama when interpretted by other conductors.  At times, however, the  pace seemed a little too rushed.  The first movements of both the 5th and  9th symphonies suffer from this at times.  However, this faster tempo  really does justice to the 3rd symphony.  The chorus in the 4th movement of  the 9th is one of the clearest performances I have ever heard.  Also, the  7th symphony is simply breathtaking throughout.  While I would not  recommend restricting ones listening to these symphonies to this recording  (especially the 5th and 9th), this is certainly a quality recording on all  levels, and, for the price, can't be beat.
6305508550|5.0|It will be said over and over again.  If you don't work in \\"Corporate America,\\" you won't find this movie as funny as it really is.  For those that do, this movie is incredibly funny, not because of unbelievable  humor, but because you know these situations.  This movie pokes fun at  those situations, in a \\"I've been there before\\" kindof  way.
0767903811|4.0|The short-essay format does not suit Bill Bryson's talents. Just as each chapter gets going, it's time to end, and most chapters end in a formulistic way, referring back to a comment near the beginning. Some  chapters still had me laughing out loud, especially in the back half of the  book. I've given his other travel books 5 stars, but can give this one  &quot;only&quot; 4. Wait for the paperback (sorry, Bill).
0780626478|5.0|I loved the film, it had something most movies lack, MAGIC, the same magic that was in back to the future. It wasnt even a film I was looking to see,I just picked a movie at random and I had no idea what it was about but I  came out of the cinema smiling. It was well written, unlike many American  movies, this one didnt try to explain eveything like the audience were 5  year olds. The acting was good, and I loved the &quot;imperfect&quot; dance  scene. I didnt realise it was Sissy Spacec until I visited this site after  seeing it (walked in as the starting credits were going) She was definately  the best in the movie, a funny alcoholic!<br />Going to see it again.
0345428056|5.0|This book was both exciting and suspenseful. I am really impressed with the quality of writing. It was a good length for a quick read. It was so realistic and I became attached to both Nick Stone and Kelly. Not many  books I read have such memorable characters.
0061053430|5.0|Excellent book that goes into detail about almost every aspect of the colonial marines featured in Aliens.  Also, it's clear that the creators of the game &quot;Aliens vrs. Predator&quot; used this book, as certain  weapons, symbols, and features (such as the smartgun and SADAR) are  explained in detail, and correlate with the game.  If you can't get enough  of an &quot;Aliens&quot; fix from the game and the first two movies (let's  just leave Aliens3&amp;4 alone, shall we?), then this is the book for you!        On occasion, the book gets a little bit gory, with none-too-subtle  allusions made to the vietnam war.  This gives the book a much more  realistic feel, but may make some folks uncomfortable.       The Aliens  section is kinda neat; gives a little more insight into the  &quot;Weyland-Yutani&quot; corporation, and once again demonstrates the  poor judgement of this profit-seeking company.<br />    A very enjoyable read,  especially to sci-fi &quot;technophiles&quot;!
0671045792|5.0|I have read most of the author's works and have enjoyed all of them. I found this audiotape particularly compelling because it captures the author's genuine emotions, especially when he talks about his father. The  audiotape had a powerful impact on me that I don't think would have been as  compelling had I just read the hardcopy. I have read many books in my life,  but this is the very first time I ever wanted to immediately repeat a book  that I had just finished reading. Thank you Mr. Ambrose.
B00000FCBC|4.0|Overall, Garage Inc. is a mixed bag.  I bought it in part cuz the $5.98 EP is out of print.  I have to say I like disc 2 of the set more, but the tracks on disc 1 are interesting.  &quot;Whiskey In The Jar&quot; and  &quot;Astronomy&quot; are great tracks.  The big surprise for me was  hearing them do &quot;Tuesday's Gone.&quot;<br />Overall, not the best  Metallica album, but it takes guts to release 2.5 hours of nothing but  covers.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The Mother of All Collaborations! Santana creates something new and enticing with each song; yet the entire disk is cohesive. An incredible musical adventure! Track 7, &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; is pure silk.
B000005IRG|5.0|This is an incredible recording, and would be even if it were overplayed on top 40 radio.  But, I guess being lumped with the other &quot;music snobs&quot; (thanks, music fan from US of A) who love this record isn't the  worst thing ever...
B00000I9MK|5.0|After waiting for four years, I was thrilled to finally get a copy of 'Tigermilk', and all the more thrilled to discover I was not be disappointed. It is a wonderful record, a perfect example of the range of  Stuart Murdoch's songwriting talents (as well as his vocal and instrumental  talents). As one who has first-hand knowledge of how cruel the Scottish  educational system can be, I particularly appreciated 'Expectations'.
0553108034|4.0|A Clash of Kings is the best book to come out of the epic fantasy genre in the past couple of years.  However, I see a disturbing trend.  It seems that Robert Jordanism is taking over the market.  Martin's story, while  captivating, was hampered by the elaborate plot system that has marred  large epic fantasy in the past decade.  Rather than concentrating on one  incredibly complex character throughout the book, Martin concentrates on  ten such.  He spends his time skipping from one to the other.  There are  advantages to this system: it allows a constant flow of suspense filled  scences without ever slowing down to let the hero take a whiz.  But it  lacks basic resolution.  In a basic epic you trace one hero like this:  problem--&gt;resolution--&gt;new problem--&gt;resolution--&gt;end of book.   In A Clash of Kings Martin gives every character a different problem and  tells us to wait for the next four books.  (Can't fault his economic  savvy.) In summary.  Martin's A Clash of Kings is a page-turner and highly  recomended.  However, if Martin had picked one hero and gone with him or  her--it could have been any one of his wonderful characters--the story  would have been one of the few that could have kept me up all night  reading.
6301934229|5.0|THE HITCHER is about a young man from the midwest who is delivering a car to San Diego -- which he is doing (of course) as an excuse to get out to California and start a life for himself. While in the desert, however, he  picks up a strange hitchhiker, who seems nice enough at first....however,  things quickly go south on C. Thoman Howle. What ensues is a suspenseful --  and sometimes comical -- game of cat and mouse.<br />It was a pure treat to  watch Hauer do what he does best in THE HITCHER. This is one of his best  roles ever, and he pulls it off quite well. Hauer's character is somewhat  unique, and very memorable; he is a sadistic killer who doesn't bargain  --  and he has a sick, twisted sense of humor that has you laughing several  times throught the movie.<br />While not a particularly SCARY film, the acting  is quite noteworthy, and the storyline is very enjoyable. All in all, THE  HITCHER is a blast and well worth your time.
067031255X|5.0|This is one of the finest books on drawing I have ever read. It is a shame it is out of print. The section on how to construct a human figure without a model alone is worth the price of the book. Loomis is a past master (but  the females do wear heels for some odd reason. It was the fifties, go  figure!) Get a copy if at all possible.
0920668364|5.0|This is a book for everyone,  of all ages.   My mother gave it to me when I was in grad school.  I read it to my son all the time.  When my husband's mother recently died,  he sat and read it and cried.  It is a beautifully  poignant book about life cycles, not just a kiddie book.
B00000J7J4|5.0|After reading other reviews, I get the sense that Supernatural isn't vintage Santana. Regardless, the passion, creativity, and amazing talent behind his guitar playing has enticed me to buy several of his previous  albums, all of which are excellent. Looks like I'll be seeing him live in  August at the Gorge (WA)!
B0000074FL|5.0|This album, along with Thunder &amp; Lightning are a must for any fan of Thin Lizzy &amp; Phil Lynott. The music rocks, the guitar work is unparalled, and the vocals are awesome. Another great work from the most  under-appreciated rock and roll bank ever.
0553278398|5.0|You must read this. It is a fascinating adventure through the master, Asimov's mind. Chetter Hummin is cool. That's all I have to say.
0783113145|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies mostly because it was filmed in my neighborhood!!!I would see DeNiro everyday and also the amazing changes they did to all the stores and buildings to give it that 60's feel!!!If you  haven't seen the movie get it!!If you are in the NY area and would like to  see where this classic was filmed, it was in Astoria Queens on 30th avenue  between 42 and 45th streets.Thanks!!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is typical Santana, he makes that guitar sing with anyone he plays with. I love the CD. Carlos has always been able to  stir my emotions with his music. Fantastic!!!
0385493800|3.0|The beginning of the book takes your breath away. The discription of the Panatal and Brazilian forests aree wonderful. But the story is too short to be one. It reeally becomes boring. The ending comes very quickly, measured  to the rest of the story.
0446605409|3.0|Any of Demille's earlier books are excellent (pre-General's Daughter).  The only thing that kept me going in this story was the very funny lines that John Coery would say.<br />The ending was cool..and everyone got what  they deserved..in abundance.
630018448X|3.0|Battlestar Galactica's The Lost Warrior is one of the most notorious episodes in sci-fi history, an episode most easily cited as an example of inferior sci-fi writing.  I think what makes the episode so maddening to  fans is that Richard Hatch, Lance LeGault, and the rest of the cast pull it  off with superlative performances under excellent direction by Rod  Holcolm.<br />Purused by Cylon raiders, Apollo must lure them as far away from  the Galactica as he can - this answers the question often posed of why he  strays so far from the Fleet.  He lands on a planet that is populated only  by a small town and some scattered farmers, all under the boot of landowner  LaCerta and his gunman, a damaged Cylon centurion named Red Eye (for the  centurion's crimson eye scanner).  Apollo believes Red Eye is part of a  larger Cylon garrison nearby and thus refuses repeated pleas that he defeat  the Cylon, until he learns that Red Eye was the sole survivor of a crashed  Cylon raider.<br />The episode's subplot revolves around Starbuck and Boomer,  who both want to go find Apollo and also keep his adopted son Boxey (Noah  Hathaway) from learning the truth about his dad's disappearence.   &quot;Boxey's lost one parent,&quot; Starbuck pointedly says (referring to  the death of Serina in Lost Planet Of The Gods), &quot;and he's not going  to lose two.&quot;  Though at times sappily handled (Cassiopeia throws a  petulant tantrum when she finds Boxey playing cards with the other  warriors) this subplot is superb.<br />Warts and all, this is an entertaining  episode.
6305177473|5.0|I think this movie is the best and I really loved it All the people who acted were Fantastic. You should watch it!
B00000DQT7|5.0|This one is hard to even do a keyword search on.  But if someone were to ask me the impossible question: what is the best album of all time? this one pops up with no hesitation. I'm a semi-old guy, and it's hard to  imagine an album (see I date myself) that can last 30 years this well.
B000002R48|4.0|Ok, first of all don't expect to listen to this recording and hear I&amp;W.  It's an Indie-label record that was done on a shoestring budget and Charlie Dominici on vocals can catch you off guard if you're expecting  to hear LaBrie.  But it is a GOOD album and it's really cool to hear the  humble beginings of such a great band. Like on other DT albums the playing  is outstanding.  John Myung espescially stretches his chops on bass in a  way (for some reason) he hasn't done since, and Dominici does a greatly  underrated job on vocals (I know first hand how hard it is to find a good  singer and quite frankly they could have done much worse!). The songs  themselves are not up to par with their other albums, but they are fun to  listen to even though there is a slight element of 80's cheese (but nothing  so bad as &quot;Another Day&quot;). Bottom line:If you're a DT fan, pick it  up to complete your collection if for no other reason.  Just make sure you  listen to it.
B000002UBU|5.0|While I like McLean's mellow voice and performance, I have to come back to the fact that the material is top notch. Melodically pleasing and lyrically beautiful (transcendent in places), this has been one of the few LPs that  have stayed with me since I was a pre-teen. I've decided to try and turn  some of my friends on to Don-o, especially for his songs that didn't get  airplay, like &quot;Crossroads.&quot; <br />I highly recommend this CD.
B000002UAU|5.0|For all of you doubters who claim this album is overhyped:<br />Put this album in your stereo and listen to it loudly (headphones help, but are not necessary if your stereo is loud enough).  When the Sgt. Pepper's Reprise  comes on, take a hard listen.  You are listening to the roots of all rock  and roll which came later.  Love it or hate it, you can't escape The  Beatles on any radio station these days (barring Jazz, classical, and other  pre-Rock musical forms), though they do it better than anyone else.  Most  influential album ever, though perhaps only because Beethoven didn't  release his stuff in album form, otherwise the 9th Symphony would probably  knock The Beatles from their mountain.
0684135051|5.0|This book finally gave me the courage to design my own sweater.  I have been knitting for several years and never ventured into the untamed world of design...Elizabeth's wonderful instructions, comments, and faith gave me  the okay to go ahead and have fun.  I made a patterned yoke sweater that  not only looks great, but fits as well.  I can't say that happens too many  times with patterns!  If you are looking for a great reference and addition  to your knitting shelf, this is it.
B000002IOJ|5.0|This is where the band truly started to come into their own.  No outside interference.  The CD is outstanding through and through.
6303255191|5.0|As a speaker, I am always interested in other's points-of-view.  It helps me to see what they see.  This film allowed me to visit someone elses reality.  <br />The director brought out the actor's talent to move the  story-line forward to a solution I did not expect.  I like being surprised  when watching a movie. My imagination flyes after seeing drama at it's  best.  Thanks for holding my attention.<br />That actors came across as  realistic.  Super movie!
B000002J0G|1.0|I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  I thought that Testament was really evolving into their own individual style.  But Wait!!  They went on tour with Slayer and what do we have here?  Crap.   I can't actually  condone &quot;The Ritual&quot; but it was better than this Death Metal  Clone.  Chuck actually has a nice voice which he has let us hear on the  previous 3 albums but it is not to be found anywhere here.  If you liked  Practice What You Preach, Souls Of Black, or The Ritual DON'T BUY THIS ONE  buy Slayer!  But if you liked The Legacy, or The New Order this one might  be for you.  Personally, I liked all of it up until this album.  I have  tossed this CD out of my Testament collection.
6303109950|4.0|Frankly, I'm not a Kilmer fan -- didn't think he could act all that well.  This movie proves me wrong -- Mr. Kilmer CAN act and act very well.  He just needs the right script/character.  His character, Doc Holliday, made  the movie for me.  The lines were great, the talent was exquisite.  Kudos  to you, sir!
B000002ITM|4.0|Testament has always been a great band just needing some direction.  Thankfully, they are still trying.  If I have to pick a favorite on this album &quot;The Sermon&quot; wins.  This is not my favorite Testament album  by far.  Unfortunately, they toured with Slayer after this album and  returned to their Legacy roots.  Although some applauded, I feel they were  finally evolving their own style of music through Souls of Black and  Pratice What You Preach.  I have to say this CD was a bit too weak but  coming out with LOW afterwards really rattled my tree.  Not a bad selection  for any metal fan out there.
6305076464|5.0|I am British, so naturally think that fawlty tower is an absolute classic.  John Cleese plays his natural self, being the poor underestimated man, while his wicked witch takes granted for all the stress he has to go  through with his rude customers, his ditsy Spanish bellhope, and his know  all Polly (what ever it is she does). Well all thats in Basils eyes anyway.  Definatly a must for all those who appreciate dry humor!
0684803356|5.0|Although I must admit, my favorite book is A Farewell to Arms, this one bears a close second.  Once again, he takes us right into his mind and the hearts of each of his characters, revealing their thoughs, fears and  emotions.  I must caution, this book is rather lenghty, so don't attempt  this unless you're sure you can finish it, but it is well worth the effort.   If you're new to Hemingway, you might want to try another of his works  first. This is a great book to everyone, whether doing summer reading for  high school or just for a book to curl up with.  You won't be  disappointed!!
B000005JUA|5.0|This is one of my absolutely favorite CD's and by far the best Marvin collection that I have heard. In fact, my original copy was stolen so I am ordering another to replace it. Enjoy!!
1573301051|3.0|This would have been an amazing DVD if the mix had  been better!  The instruments tend to drown out the vocals. The rear channels tend to jump up and down in volume at the end of the cut objectionably.<br />Chapter 12 to the  end was totally unwatchable. The second layer was not readable by my Denon  2500.  I have never had a problem reading any other disk.
6303997198|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE!! CLINT AND MERYL OUT DO THEMSELVES IN THIS...THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN WATCH THIS WITHOUT  CRYING..I LOVE THE WHOLE PLOTAND THE ONLY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN FRANCESCA AND ME IS...I JUMPED OUT OF THE TRUCK.
0394800184|5.0|great book for little childen cute,fun,lerning and relly good.This book shoud be for kids 1-5 . it's about a little bird that goes looking for his mom and bumbs into other animals.
630522577X|5.0|Without any doubt one of the most charming musical ever. I only regreat the DVD sound quality. I own a laserDisc version and its quality is much better.
B00000JNOJ|5.0|If you are looking for a moment of peace amidst the hustle bustle of modern life, get this CD which features the King of the Blues going back to his roots with some gorgeous accoustic guitar work  and timeless songs.  Muddy's playing is sparse so that every note matters. His singing is soft  and mysterious. This is American music at its best. It is also a wonderful  record for guitar players who wish to practice their blues scales to  pre-recorded music...
B00000HZFH|4.0|Let's see, the elements that make this a good record: some of the best, most stylish guitar playing this side of Hendrix, generally pleasant singing, much better than average lyrics, three phenomenally good songs  (&quot;Carry the Zero&quot;, &quot;Time Trap&quot;, &quot;Else&quot;). Only  drawback is there's two songs I just don't like much: &quot;Bad Light&quot;  and &quot;Broken Chairs.&quot; More like 4 and 1/2 stars, and I like  _Perfect from Now On_ better.
B00000AFGM|1.0|oh man, the most boring album since since Spahn Ranches &quot;architecture&quot;. Now dont get me wrong im a Manson fan...but this album just sucked. In his defense i think that he honestly thought he was  going to bring back &quot;rock and roll&quot; and start a musical  revolution...but Bowie-esque songs about androids and drugs just dont cut  it. Skip this and buy Spooky Kids bootlegs instead.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink 182 has got a great sound.  Their music is very fast and up-beat.  I love it!  This CD would easily have had 5 stars from me if it wasn't for the language.  That is the only bad part of the CD.  In some of the reviews  on this site, how about giving us some idea of what the language is like  before we buy it.  Good CD, just clean it up a little bit.
0316921173|5.0|Infinite Jest contains so much life, humor, zest, despair, and just plain oddness it leaves you breathless trying to recommend it to a friend. It's hard work, sure. But it's ever so worth it. Vaults to the top with Lolita,  Gravity's Rainbow (or maybe Mason &amp; Dixon), Brothers Karamazov, and  Light in August. A masterpiece. (So where does DFW go from here...?)
0671027344|5.0|I enjoyed this book alot, it kept my eyes on the pages. I noticed alot of changes in Charlie and it forced me to look at what I went through during those days. I really liked this book, and I recommend it.
B00000I9MK|5.0|I always heard that Tigermilk would be re-released someday and today I bought the CD.  It has met my expectations and truly ranks as an amazing debut.  They are wonderful songs by uniquely talented musicians!  If you  own any B&amp;S, this one will surely please.
B000002R67|5.0|Of all the musicians to emerge from Britain in the sixties, Eric Burdon was the most highly versatile, not to mention the most passionate-a true man of the times.  Whether ferociously belting out those classic R&amp;B  standards or opening ones mind with his psychedelic protests, he showed  that he could do anything and do it well...and what a storyteller.  He  gathered the best musicians on the scene and they CREATED.  Their version  of &quot;Paint it Black&quot; with it's Middle Eastern flavor, is so  stunning that even the Stones must be jealous.  From the entrancing  &quot;Winds of Change&quot; to their startlingly honest, albeit amusing  &quot;Man-Woman&quot;, this CD is highly versatile and altogether  incredible.
0151003084|5.0|Sadly I can recite this book... But oh well... Its wonderfull! Not for EVERYONE. Some do find this sense of humor disturbing... And even though the pictures are captioned with &quot;A is for Amy who fell down the  stairs,&quot; None of it is ever visualy gruesome.
B000002J3W|4.0|Skid Row returns! This album took a little bit of gettin' used to, but it grew on me after I listened to it repeatedly. The standout tracks on this cd are:&quot;Firesign,&quot; &quot;Beat Yourself Blind,&quot;  &quot;Eileen,&quot; &quot;Frozen,&quot; &quot;Into Another,&quot; and  &quot;Snake&quot; Sabo's beautifully written &quot;Breakin' Down.&quot;
0380973464|5.0|Fantastic read. Just a lot of fun. I digested this thing within a few days, and enjoyed every moment.<br />I also have to say that the technical (hacking.. I know little crypto) aspects of it were surprisingly and  refreshingly accurate... or at least accurate enough that it certainly  didn't distract from my appreciation of it.
B000001Y16|5.0|Anyone who says this isn't a tight album ain't listening close enough. No rapper will ever have anything on Pac and to prove it just listen to almost any other rapper out there. They all bite off him. Its alright though all  those biting rapers will get whats coming to them in (7)-3 (Da real peeps  know what i'm talking about) Peace.
0345347951|2.0|A rather boring look at a Earth doomsday scenario. It's kind of vague on why things are going on. The ending is just plain weird.
B000004286|5.0|The movie &quot;Braveheart&quot; has always been my favourite movie when it came out... the songs in it are all beautiful...I cant explain the feeling when I listen to the soundtrack.... it touches my soul....all in  all, this is just wonderful... =)
630420065X|5.0|Awesome movie!  One of the best I have seen.  Although it does get alittle old after, like, the 5th time you've seen it, it is still worth getting.
0140277447|5.0|This was an honest and horrific telling of the events surrounding the invasion of Nanking.  Iris Change made it easy to sympathize with the victims and ask all the appropriate questions in relation to the  consequences of the (war) criminal behavior.    The upcoming Women's  International War Crimes Tribunal on Japanese Military Sexual Slavery to be  held in Tokyo, Japan in December 2000, is an one opportunity to discuss the  potential prosecution of those war criminals. I am in agreement with the  concept of justice being implanted into the minds of the victims, families  of victims and into the minds of the war criminals, as it relates to  assisting them with feelings of remorse.  I believe the sense of despair  and futility felt by the victims who were repeatedly tortured, and the  response of those who survived their traumas, is all that is necessary for  prosection of humans capable of committing such crimes.<br />There is often a  lack of appropriate attention given to such atrocities.  In addition,  through discussion, implementation of right responses and punishments for  such crimes, there is the potential to lessen the severity of a next war.   Annoucing the magnitude of the victims suffering, Iris Chang draws those  who would not have been active in preventing and having a deep concern for  such crimes.  Through her descriptions, she offers hope for those who  continue to be and to become victims despite the wealth of knowledge to  which we have access.   <br />In particular, the descriptions of the rape and  forced pornography of the chinese women are experiences that we should  fight to prevent on daily basis in all countries.  Iris Chang does  wonderful job in bringing to light the varieties of tortures the Japanese  used to maintain control of Nanking and the satanic influence had as they  committed these crimes, simply by describing the events in detail.   <br />Because of the severity of the war crimes, I had a difficult time  finishing the book. Ithank Irish Chang for doing the research, writing,  and making millions more aware of the invasion of Nanking.  I look forward  to her next book.
6305470448|3.0|This movie wasn't bad, and had some great acting and a very entertaining plot, but it has been so overrated. It is nowhere near good enough to be considered for an Oscar, and Gwyneth Paltrow, while by no means a bad  actress, is neither stunning nor phenomenal, and in fact gave a rather  shallow performance (she was better in 'Emma'). The entire movie was  stereotypically &quot;Hollywood&quot;. This film is worth seeing and is  very entertaining, but it is not superb and should not be rated as such.
0684867621|5.0|This book was a real page turner.  If you had time to do anything but read this book until you finished it I would be surprised.  I haven't done much in the last day and a half but read this book.  While reading this book  I felt as if I were Trisha.  I found myself feeling as if I needed to swat  bugs away.  I could almost feel the cold mud on my face that she used to  relieve the bite and sting of insects.  Stephen King really captured  the feelings of isolation, pain, and hunger in this story.  It was amazing  that he could capture all that through the eyes of a nine-year-old girl.  I liked his use of imagery when describing 'The Special Thing'.  The  'Special Thing' respresents our most basic and primal fears when we are  most vunerable and powerless.  Don't we all have a 'Special Thing' that  stalks us when we are alone and feeling vunerable?  I know I have felt a  presense when camping in the Maine woods.  This story was very  captivating.  It was amazing that a nine-year-old girl could go through so  much and 'Save the Game'.  My vision of the game of Baseball and the Boston  Red Sox is forever changed.
0792839234|1.0|This is honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I am not someone who enjoys putting things down. It's not even remotely scary--the theme music is the most stereotypical &quot;horror&quot; music imaginable.  The acting is awful, the plot makes little sense, the special effects  aren't particularly good, and worst of all, the screenplay is a disaster. I  love horror movies and I am usually not overly critical, but this isn't  horror! It's hysterical! I laughed my way through it and I would recommned  it to anyone who would enjoy the humor in how awful it is. If you are  looking for true horror, though, this isn't it. It's truly a terrible  movie.
B000002L82|5.0|i bought this record after reading about the bands incarnation as joy divistion.  while their mechanics may reek of punks do it yourselfism. their intention is clear.  the lyrics are 3d and the music is human enough  to back their words up.  a friend of mine upon hearing one track remarked  'i can hear the anger'.  yes! but often you can hear the beauty as  well.....
B00000JCB2|1.0|Maybe even worse than Korn
0684800713|5.0|That is all that needs to be said
B000002WNP|5.0|The &#34;Nashville to Memphis&#34; box set represents the essential Elvis Presley — from &#34;Reconsider Baby&#34; in 1960 to &#34;Stranger in My Home Town&#34; in 1969.  Despite the plethora of movie soundtracks,  Elvis continued to rock in the studio. However, he also matured as an artist and his versatile talents can be heard in classic tracks such as &#34;Little Sister,&#34; &#34;It Hurts Me,&#34; &#34;Love Letters,&#34; &#34;Tomorrow Is a Long Time&#34; and &#34;U.S. Male.&#34;  A superb collection of Presley's finest studio work — more insightful and revelatory than the  1950s or 1970s box sets.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time.  I prefer to think of this album, not as new age, but as celtic.  Try listening to this while reading Diana Gabaldon's Outlander series.
6304132271|5.0|This film, one of the best of the serial killer genre, the latest being the superb 8mm. Seven cries out for the director's commentary on the DVD.  Still, well worth purchasimg.<br />Brad Pitt is surprisingly good; of course  Kevin Spacey is always so great.  I am also a Morgan Freeman  fan, so where  could I go wrong?
6303832563|5.0|The recently released soundtrack CD contains all the music from the film, and when played on one's car stereo makes a powerful accompaniment to your mobile vista of late 20th Century Terra!  Embrace the hubris !!!
0140143505|5.0|A gem of a book, this is one to keep...but to pass along,too.  A true story that strikes a nodding-your-head-along-with-the-writer chord, then hits you square in the heart.  For those who- like myself- are part of the  dying breed of letter writers, this book does double duty: as a how-to  fascinate on paper,  and also as a companionable example of how the written  word can move mountains. I have been known to dole this one out to  particularly deserving souls.  Who then become devotees. Read it, read it,  read it!
0767815335|2.0|Child actor Austin O'Brien steals scenes in THE LAST ACTION HERO, although his stand-out performance is not enough to make the film worthwhile.  Not that the filmmakers weren't trying to make a quality picture.  For effort,  THE LAST ACTION PICTURE tops a number of routine action flicks (COMMANDO,  ERASER) Arnold has made.  But by time the closing credits roll, THE LAST  ACTION HERO's slow moments outnumber its memorable ones.  Inspirational  line: &quot;It's what you make it.&quot;
B000002ITW|5.0|Though I have kept my well worn vinyl album (remember them?)intact, it's time to get the CD version of this classic with Neil's guitar work in full splendor, and oh yeah there were some other guys with him too.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I mainly bought the cd because of nookie its just an ear catching song but the rest of the album is pretty cool to i like break stuff a lot to infact I am listening to this album as i am writing this
6304795254|1.0|This is undeniably a bad movie.  However, many people enjoyed it.  I have no clue as to why. I know this one kid, whose obsessed with this movie.  GET A LIFE, MAN! Truthfully, this movie was overrated, and Michael  Douglas's worst film. If you're not particularly fond of movies with weak  plots, extreme coincidences, and horrible endings, I recommend that you not  waste your time viewing this terribly inept film.  After all, you only live  once, right?
B000002L42|5.0|The music kinda lags, compared with the studio versions.   On the other hand, no live recording compares with &quot;being there&quot;, which I was in Philadelphia.  It was great(!), but coulda used more aggressive lead  guitar.  <br />I like the live &quot;Reelin'&quot;  I don't know why, I just  do.  Likewise &quot;Book&quot;, even though I was one of the hundreds who  peed during the performance.<br />&quot;Green Earring&quot; tips the scale -  buy the album.
B000002UAU|5.0|Whether you enjoyed listening to this album or not is a matter of taste (I did, very much).  Its impact on pop music on a world scale, however, is incalculable.  To argue otherwise would be sophistry.  Go ahead, give it  one star if you like (and look like a jerk), but you'll be wasting your  breath.
B000002GG0|5.0|Being a Cat Stevens fan, I think the biggest reason I liked this album was that &quot;Foreigner Suite&quot; was one whole side.  Hey, the more the better.  Something about all of his music just makes you think!
0385493800|1.0|I am a major fan of John Grisham books but this one was a real disappointment. Did not keep me gripped to my seat as his past novels have and I have read every single one of them. I found myself wanting to skip  past the in-depth and tedious descriptions of some very boring subject  matter. All I can surmise is that he was under a book deadline and just  kind of spit this thing out haphazardly. When I got to the end I thought at  first that maybe I was missing some pages, that there should have been  more, but alas, no. Hope the next one is much better. I do however still  look forward to the next one.
B00000AFFF|5.0|In this day and age of computer generated, &quot;please let me have a hit&quot;, non-musical garbage, here is the finest pop album of the decade.  The Bacharach melodies, arrangements, and orchestration rank with his best  ever-when put through the Costello filter, these songs reach a plateau  rarely, if ever, achieved by either of these bonafide musical geniuses  independently.  This collection should be required listening of anyone who  appreciates &quot;real&quot; music-superb craftsmanship, incredible  melodies and hooks, and instantaneous emotional connection.  Astonishing!
B0000062Y2|3.0|This is an awsome 'hard rock' opera about the last 7 days of Jesus Christ's life - written by the best composer - Andrew Lloyd Webber. But some things are wrong about this recording. First of all- the  instruments.They are flat (elec. Guitars). The chorus could not keep tune.  Now the singers:  Jesus: has an American _ Texan accent which is not like  Jesus , does not have enough energy to sing , and sometimes sounds like a  girl.  Judas: this guy is one of the best Judas'. His vocals are good and  can emphizaze.  Mary M.: sounds like a baby crying.  Pilate: sounds like a  girl and at the end of the trail he sounds like a person with no vocal  chords.  Herod: sounds like a gay man with no energy. But he is funny.   Caiphas: He is the best one. He can sing low and sings like he supposed to.   In concl. : I reccomend the 1996 London Cast recording of JCS.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this CD is on of the best i have heard in a long time, it is very good and MUCH better then thier first one, which is more of a &quot;scream a bunch of words and see if people understand it&quot; but the second one....you  can actually understand what thier saying!!!! its a great record, and i  command you to go and buy it! i commanded you to go buy it!! why are you  still reading this?!!? go!!
6300214370|3.0|Like almost all movies this one has has it's cheesier moments.  However, the music was above average, and the story line was not the worst one I have ever seen.  The best part of this whole movie is the way that it deals  with the hypocrisy of the Christian Church and its self-righteous  followers.
B000001ELF|4.0|I am biased,'cause i'm a huge fan of Ace,and of Kiss,also.From the first chords of Rip it out,to the last note of Fractured Mirror i love this album.A combination of catchy tunes(new york groove)and hard driving,spaced  out,riffs,(ozone,in need of love)a can't miss purchase!
0375408266|5.0|This is an incredible exploration in allegory of postwar Germany coming to terms with its past.  A novel of ideas not to be taken literally, it asks so many difficult questions about guilt and expiation. Schlink seems to  feel that the postwar generation has to accept its love/hate/guilt feelings  about its parents and move on.  This book is not for someone looking for an  easy summer read.  It takes thought and the willingness to look beyond the  literal.  After an intense discussion at our book club, I intend to reread.   I know that I missed much on first reading.
B000002UYZ|5.0|It is criminal of Capitol to require people to pay for two CDs when there is actually less than one CD worth of material altogether.  The music is first rate and represents the full flower of Beatlemania.  Most people  should know most, if not all of the songs in this package.  If Capitol had  wanted to do a true retrospective, they could have almost doubled the  amount of material on 1962-1966 and perhaps added some background  information form Marc Lewisohn.  As this album stands now, all it is is a  sonic improvement over the original records, but that is about it.  Capitol  almost does not seem to care that this was the greatest band of their time  or that they wrote some of the finest songs ever.  Five stars for the  music, one star for the packaging.
B00000I9MK|5.0|well, if you are human, then you like emotions. I listen to music because I feel a little heaven (if it's good). I'm 16 now, but the past 4 years have basically been coping the fact that the beatles left me. This is them,  reincarnated, nothing has touched me more, mam. Do you know what i'm  saying, the words you are reading. I'm cool, this is heaven.Get this give  it to your mother, let's all fall in love with tiger milk, ah love, la de  dah.Yes i'm acting like a retard, but that's only because i'm EXTREMELY  HAPPY OVER THIS. Heads and shoulders above anything else ever. This will go  down as (and just in time), the greatest album of the 90's, mark my words.  Thank you Jesus. Praise the lord and pass the tigermilk. If music be the  food of love, let's have a threesome, and then some bondage (the equivelent  to listening to this). Hope I don't have to pay for it later, but today i'm  in love. Thank U
6304994540|5.0|The dude, need I say more
B000002OFG|5.0|This CD is fantastic!  I really love track #1!!  It is a must have for all Petty fans and for those of you who like great classic rock songs!  It's a very enjoyable CD!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This the only Chilli Peppers release I own, but due to its songs fantastic quality, I would be pulled toward other albums.  I will admit, Scar Tissue is great and kind of pulled me to pick this up, but the whole album is  satisfying.  This has got to be one of the funkiest bands out there.  Buy  this!!!
B0000033P2|5.0|It is the 2nd best ELP album(only to Brain Salad Surgery)with such notables as:From the beginning.   Hoedown.   The Sheriffand many more.On a 1-10 scale I give it a 9.95.If you're not sure, buy it you won't be  disappointed with this Pre-BSS album.
B00000J2KX|2.0|This full-screen version looks like the print was dragged up the mountain behind a truck.  It's shocking what a lousy job Warners did here.  Avoid it at all costs. Supposedly the only decent DVD trasnfer in the Kubrick  collection is 2001, and that's not done by Warners.  The DVD is actually a  repackaged MGM DVD.  Hopefully Criterion will work on Kubrick's stuff and  some point and give the public a product worth paying for.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This Limp Bizkit album &quot;Significant other&quot; is soo phat. It is a little better than the first one. They are both great though. But, they are very different. &quot;Three Dollar Bill Ya'll$ is mostly gutair AND  drums  with a little weird noizez. &quot;Significant Other&quot; have lots of  funky noises and gutair and drums. I highly recommend it. I own both of  them, so trust me. they both kick ass!!!!!!
B000000P17|5.0|ALL IT WAS, WAS TO HAVE SOMETHING NEW FOR THE FANS TO LISTEN TO WHILE NEW MATERIAL WAS BEING MADE!<br />Sadly it's been a long time in waiting for new material.  BUT C'MON, SINCE I DON'T HAVE YOU, NEW ROSE, ATTITUDE, AND BLACK  LEATHER are very GOOD SONGS.  HAIR OF THE DOG is an exceptional song, and  to hear it is worth buying the album.  I was also very surprised with the  hidden track at the end &quot;LOOK AT YOUR GAME GIRL&quot; Is A WORK OF  ART!
0800129806|5.0|When I first saw that movie i nearly killed my self with the beautiful story line and Sean Connery(almost got me killed by his acting skill and stylish looks)are on his best form.Playing a king with his lovely  queen,Guinevere,and his lion-hearted knight(Gere),I pity those who miss  this awesome movie!
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Jennifer is great at combining pure hip-hop with a bit of Latin soul. That shines through in many of the catchy songs included on her first album. Her first single &quot;If you had my love&quot; is a great example of this.  However many of her songs are just too slow and don't have enough power to  be hits. Her voice is sweet, but a bit uncapable. Jennifer has potential  which shows in about half of this album, but she's not all the way yet.
B000002BUY|4.0|I downloaded an MP3 of New Skin, and I thought it was really cool sounding, so I bought the CD. The name of the CD is appropriate because they experiment with a lot of sounds. I especially like Redefine, Calgone,  and Summer Romance (Anti-Gravity...). Thier first CD is pretty cool, too.  This CD is a lot heavier, which is nice. I like to listen to Enjoy Incubus  when im in a melancholic (spelling?) mood, and S.C.I.E.N.C.E any other  time. The bassist is really excellent, and I like the drummer using other  percussion instruments (the bongoes stand out the most in my mind). The  lyrics are good, and the vocalist has a good range compared to other  vocalists in the metal/rapcore genre of music. All around, it is a very  good CD.
B000000OQF|5.0|THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST CD I WILL EVER OWN!<br />Now I love music, but the TALENT and PURE ENERGY this album gives off is unbelievable!  From the Police Siren beging of Welcome to the Jungle, to the heart felt conlcusion  of Rocket Queen, this is  WITH OUT A DOUBT THE BEST CD OF ALL TIME.  I mean  I am a big metallica fan BUT GNR SETS A STANDARD WHEN IT COMES TO HARD  ROCK! <br />YOU MUST OWN THIS TO KNOW WHAT MUSIC IS ALL ABOUT!
B000000H57|5.0|From the romantic openings of &quot;Love you to Death&quot; to the spook filled &quot;Haunted&quot;, this album covers more ground in a search for personal revelation than any other. The lyricism is thoughtful and intense  with just enough low rumbling from guitar to give it extreme depth.  &quot;Red Water&quot;, a carol for the dead. &quot;In Praise of  Bacchus&quot;, an ode to loneliness. &quot;Die With Me&quot;, love lost.  Peter Steele and the boys use every bit of their talent to give fans a true  gift. Forever Negative.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Quite possibly one of the best albums of all time, The Miseducation of lauryn hill is strikingly wonderful. In the midst of so many dopey female artists these days, L. Boogie rises above the crowd to make a personal cd  with so much vibe, heart, and feeling that almost anybody could easily love  it. Her voice is wonderful, and the songs have a great amount of  musicality.  The different instruments used in each song add a specialty to  the songs as well. I'm very picky about rap and not a very big rap fan, but  Lauryn's raps are all so vibrant, meaningful, and, with their catchy  choruses, irresistible. You feel like you know Lauryn when she sings, since  the songs are so personal. Her faith ignites the entire cd in a somewhat  indirect way. She's great in concert too!This is music at its best, whether  you're a fan of hip-hop or not. Go buy this album. You're missing out on a  lot if you don't own it.  and to all u desperate Britney Spears fans: try  this girl as a role model instead.
1558807381|5.0|When I was five years old I remember Watching this movie with my sister and for weeks afterwards we used to try and do some of the scenes. I still think this movie is really beautiful...espically for kids.
B00000J271|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums together with Appetite for destruction and Use your illusion 2. I belive that if it wasn't for the agressive lyrics of &quot;One in a million,&quot; that song would be a classic. The  song itself is as beautiful as &quot;Patience&quot;. It's a shame axl had  to ruin it with so much hate. &quot;Used to love her&quot; has an original  type of humor that made me laugh out loud. The other songs are also  brilliant and you will not be disappointed. I have high hopes that axl will  come back someday and produce a great record.
B000000WA4|1.0|My rating of this album is summed up by the title of the fourth track - &quot;Zero&quot;. Billy Corgan has to be the most overrated musician of the decade.
078322172X|5.0|This movie has to rank as one of the smartest sci-fi flics of all time. The plot is brilliant. I've never seen another film deal with the paradoxes of time travel as intelligently as Twelve Monkeys.  Not a movie to watch if  you're feeling depressed though.  A real downer.
6302767741|5.0|I was totally appalled to read some of the negative reviews of this marvellous movie.  I hate to say this, but it helps to be British to understand and appreciate the clever, quick humour, and to be able to  relate to this group of college chums -- all of whom, I might add, were  perfectly cast in their roles.  You could go to any stately home in Britain  today and find an identical assortment of friends behaving in exactly the  same way.   As we are fond of saying in England, it was &quot;spot on&quot;  -- wonderfully funny,poignant,yet excrutiatingly sad at the end. Oh, and  the background music was terrific!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher at her sultry best. Her alluring voice, so unique and  it has the strength to blast  these songs right into the listener's emotions. &quot;Believe&quot; has got to be one of her very best.
630460291X|5.0|During my lifetime I must have seen around 10,000 different movies, and I feel very comfortable by saying this is my favorite movie of all time.  Being the 3rd of 150 movies that I own I have always enjoyed it.  People  keep on complaining about Kevin Costner's English accent, but why does that  matter so much?  I do not see a good reason.  I personally think he did an  excellent job as Robin Hood.  Alan Rickman was a wonderful Sheriff of  Nottingham (probably the best portrayal in the film).  I also loved Morgan  Freeman and Christian Slater in their roles.  Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio  added much romance in the film as Marion.  Some people do not like films  with swash-buckling, but I cannot recommend any other film ahead of this  one...  except possibly The Silence of the Lambs.  As Arch Campbell from  WRC-TV/NBC said, this is truly &quot;one of the most spectacular movies  ever made.&quot;  One more thing...  I love the costumes and scenery!  WELL  DONE!
B0000024K1|5.0|Public Enemy is one of Rap's greatest groups.They've fallen though.This cd is tight.The only other group that's better than PE is NWA.My favorite song is &quot;Don't Believe the Hype&quot;.
0671015206|1.0|this book stinks.  The lesson from the last ten years is that you need to be adaptable to the job marketplace, build your own career path, and take risks (investing also helps).  Penny-pinching is all very laudable, but is  only one small part of the equation.  I was brought up in Scotland, and  don't tend to spend money foolishly (I buy a car I can afford, not lease  one to impress the neighbours, etc.), but that is not what makes me  wealthy.  What makes me wealthy is that I enjoy my life, I have a  challenging job and a great family.  If you are naturally tight, buy this  book, revel in how much better you are than your neighbours given the  authors formula for personal happiness (God knows, everybody around you  probably isn't - have you noticed that?).  Otherwise focus your self  enhancement energy on what makes you happy, not somebody else.  As one of  my friends once told me - be successful - the money will follow.  (BTW,  there seems to be some personal attacks on the one-pointers, the thrust  being that we are poor and therefore bitter - that is not the case with me,  I'll accept smug, but that's all :).
0671502336|5.0|This is the single greatest book I have read.  I laughed a lot, but I was touched by the last sections.  The book was very pessimistic and sarcastic, much like Catcher in the Rye and Slaughterhaouse-5, but even more  entertaining than those.  I especially enjoyed the chapter on Leutenaint  Scheiskopf.  MUST READ!
B000001Y42|5.0|Songs like Pollution, Nobody loves me, Counterfeit and Faith really show off Limp's talent for Metal. Yes, this album is more screachy than SO, but thatS what limp is(Or was:) A HEAVY METAL BAND
B000002NAK|1.0|Wavery-voiced pop icon Madonna and incomprehensible non-singer Banderas absolutely destroy this wonderful score. The orchestrations are hideous. Pass this one by, and get the Broadway version (a masterpiece) with  LuPone(BRILLIANT!) and Patinkin.
B00000IL1K|5.0|THE MOST WONDERFUL CD I HAVE EVER LISTENED TO!!! SARAH IS A SUPERB SINGER WITH THE VOICE OF AN ANGEL! Please.... buy this cd.
0788812408|5.0|When I was eight years old, I saw The Little Mermaid in the theater.  I was completely taken in by the animation, the songs, and the fun characters.  I rented that movie about twenty times the following summer,  but after that, I forgot about it, and didn't see it all the way through  until I was seventeen.  I watched it with my best friends, and we all  enjoyed it just as much as we ever had.  The mark of a truly good animated  movie is one that adults love just as much as children, and The Little  Mermaid can still move me.  I still get chills when Ursula sings about poor  unfortunate souls, and it brings back that feeling of being a child,  without feeling immature.  I always say, you are never too old for Disney.
B000007T1M|5.0|Awesome. Beyond awesome. Crank it loud, hit the bass, and watch the neighbors complain!<br />Ooooh yea.<br />(oh, btw, if you like RATM, just click &quot;Buy&quot; right now. You'll dig it!)
0788812807|5.0|I loved Lady and the Tramp as a child, and now that I am a young woman, getting ready for college, the feeling remains the same.  It is a wonderful story of unlikely love, with terrific animation, and the charming  characters grow on me even more each time I see it.  The songs are brief,  but memorable, and some scenes can almost move me to tears.  It is an  ageless classic that appeals to the older viewers more than the younger  ones.  (My grandparents adore this film)  I recommend it, no matter what  your age is.
0312853238|5.0|I just read atozser@gte.net review and I can't stop laughing.  BattleField Earth is a deep book? Deeper then Ender's Game?  are you mad?  To summerise the message of Battlefield: Earth: ' knowing anything about your subject  matter isn't necessary, and no one can win against the all-good hero'
6304288433|3.0|Well, this sequal is good, but I don't like the sort of violence, especially the scenes with the hypodermic neeldles.
6303908306|5.0|An incredible achievement for Brian Singer. An extraordinary film that keeps you guessing all the way to the end. The climax comes near the end of the movie with an ingenious surprise. The flashbacks are suspenseful  gripping your mind making you rethink your own instincts when the film is  over. The film demostrates how people stereotype charecteristics in others  and how we can be wrong on our own judgements. Pay very close attention to  names in this movie or you are going to lose track of what is going on.  Kevin Spacey recieved a well deserved Oscar for his supporting role and  because of this movie, I rent other movies with him in it. Destined to be a  classic or in the hall of fame of films. Very similar style to Stephen  King. A MUST SEE FOR ANYONE WHO HAS NOT SEEN IT!! A collectors item if you  have it on DVD or VHS.
1572522232|5.0|Dario Argento really made a cool movie here. Rich in sexual tension, explicit gore and artiful suspense, this pleases fans of Prom Night, Halloween and Friday the 13th. I saw the uncut version and I found the gore  a bit too explicit. Quesy people just better watch out. Extremely scary,  this film is a must see!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah is a phenomenal live performer.  All her songs seem to come to life more when played live.  I especially love the live versions of &quot;Fear&quot;, &quot;Hold On&quot;, and &quot;Ice Cream&quot;.  I saw  her in April '98 in St. Louis, and she was incredible.  This CD wasn't  exactly like a live concert with all the cuts in between tracks, but still,  the songs are great.  Thank you, Sarah, for putting together Mirrorball.
0140277447|1.0|This book is based on information that has been proven to be in error by many scholars.  A compelling book, but where are the facts.  Even the pictures are in question.  For example, a picture of a tank blowing up a a  house........but this type of tank was not even being made until much more  recently.  Even the well-known facts like the dates of the Edo period in  Japan (1603-1867) are in error, 15th to 16th century according to this  book.  The population of Nanking at that time was about 200,000.  But the  reports that the Japanese killed over 300,000 people just don't fit with  the facts. This book has so many errors a left-wing Japanese publishing  company, one with great  support for the investigation of atrocities at  Nanking, refuses to release this book because it would actually draw  negative feedback for their cause.  Whether this happened to one person or  300,000, the horrors of war are clear from Chang's emotional and passionate  description of events.  But if you're looking to judge...then I suggest you  get the facts.  There are many books on Nanking written by many people who  have taken the time to research this event from all sides.  Don't be fooled  by the propaganda in this book.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album is just incredible! Though, after buying 3 with manufacturing defects, I finally got the fourth one today which played! Sorry Amazon, I had to cancel the 5th. Moby is a genius, perhaps Mozart come back again.  Buy this album without hesitation!
068484267X|5.0|If you've a drop of Irish blood flowing through your artieries, this book is a must!
0553108034|5.0|This book is wonderful, you gain and insight to every character's point of view and you realize that nobody is evil just because they killed someone or commited adultry or incest, just a bit warped in their thinking. It's  full of intrigue although sometimes it might be a bit hard to get the  characters straight (i.e. whatever house they belong to) but that might be  just me because i started with book 2 and then went on to book 1. But  George R.R. Martin builds up the characters wonderfully.
6303394000|5.0|If you like your movies upbeat and with happy endings, don't watch &quot;All That Jazz.&quot;  If you dislike Broadway song and dance, stay away.  But if you enjoy original, unflinching cinema, this is it!!<br />It is  hard to believe that it has been 20 years since I sat stunned after seeing  this amazing film in the theater when it was first released.<br />Young  Jessica Lange appears as the beautiful, veiled personification of Death;  young John Lithgow as an egotistical rival director; brilliant music and  choreography; some of the most haunting images I have ever seen in a  film:<br />Joe Gideon's farewell to his young daughter and ex-wife in the  &quot;Bye Bye, Life&quot; finale, followed by his calm, gliding exit into  the arms of Death with a soothing trumpet solo is heartbreaking.  This  movie is one I watch every couple of years and remains one of my  favorites.<br />UNFORGETTABLE!
B000000LZV|5.0|This is the album that introduced me to the Minutemen.  I heard it playing in a record store years ago and bought it immediately.  It is packed with great music and a great intro to thier music.  D Boon is a major music hero  to me and he, Mike, and George, created something that sounds completely  fresh and original whenever I listen to them.  The Minutemen are vital in  music history and will always remain so.  I can honestly say, I have never  heard another group like them, before or after.  Buy this album, and also  check out &quot;Post-Mersh, Volumes 1,2,&amp; 3&quot;, &quot;Ballot  result(live)&quot;, and &quot;Three way tie for last&quot;.  Important  music.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This is probably one of Black Sabbath's best CDs. I have all 9 of the Black Sabbath with Ozzy albums and I'd have to say this one ranks about 3rd. Paranoid is the best and Master of Reality is 2nd. This albums a  little bit different, if you ask me its like a lot heavier metal. Songs  like &quot;Hole in the Sky&quot; and &quot;Symptom of the Universe&quot;  shows Sabbaths true maturity and experinece in the music industry. My  favorite song on this one os probably &quot;Thrill of it All&quot; and  awesome tune. &quot;AM I Going Insane&quot; is awesome to. So if your a fan  of the Sabbath or heavy metal in general buy this album!!
0375707972|5.0|I really enjoyed the combination of the love affair, Nazi Trial, and the ironic twists in Schlink's novel. I couldn't put the book down. It's a good choice for an easy weekend read.
B000002KDO|5.0|This CD rocks!!! When I first put this in I didn't expect it to be to good, but once I heard the first song on the album &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot; I knew this CD was gonna kick!! This is considered to be Black Sabbath's  greatest accomplishment and I can see why. The best songs on here are  &quot;Sweet Leaf,&quot; &quot;Children Of The Grave,&quot; &quot;Lord Of  This World,&quot; and &quot;After Forever.&quot; The only things I don't  like are this album was way to short only like 34 minutes. I also didn't  care for 2 of the 8 tracks being instrumentals. Also &quot;Into the  Void&quot; is a cool track. If your a Sabbath or heavy metal fan, buy this  album!! You won't regret it!
0783233094|5.0|I have seen this movie so many times and each time I love it even more.  I've read the book and it matched with the movie so well.  I loved the characters and the actors.  Kathy Bates, Jessica Tandy, Mary Stuart  Masterson and the rest did such a wonderful job!  I don't think I'll ever  get tired of watching this wonderfully done movie.
B000002KE2|4.0|This album was okay, but some of the tracks were weak and some were just stupid. This was the very first Sabbath album I ever bought and it kind of made me wonder of they were as good as I had heard. (This changed when I  heard Paranoid and Master of Reality) This album is probably the weakest of  the first 6 albums. But I must say that I did like &quot;Supernaut&quot;  and &quot;Snowblind&quot; alot. &quot;Changes&quot; was okay. Those are  classics. But stuff like &quot;Laguna Sunrise&quot; and &quot;Under the  Sun&quot; just weren't Sabbath. Buy it if your a Sabbath fan like me, but  otherwise you might not care for it.
0894803123|5.0|if anyone's looking for a book to make ice cream at home...look no further!! not only great recipes, but very informative. a must have for dessert lovers.
0780623134|5.0|I agree with all the reviewers who bemoan the fact that you can only give a movie 5 stars.  I also agree with the reviewer who said Leonard Maltin must have had a bad day when he reviewed this movie.<br />This is a movie  which, after 90 minutes, has you convinced that it will be the most  depressing movie you have ever seen, and then becomes one of the most  satisfying movies to be experienced.<br />It is, without doubt, the BEST MOVIE  I HAVE EVER SEEN!
6304457383|5.0|Alan Arkin's excellent portrayal of a sadistic dope smuggler terrorizing blind woman Audrey Hepburn gets my vote for best screen villain in history.  Hepburn probably wasn't the best choice to play the heroine but she does a  decent job as do Richard Crenna and Jack Weston as Arkin's fellow baddies.   It is Arkin, however, who steals the film.  You will never forget Harry  Roat, Jr. and hopefully he won't visit you in your nightmares.
B000002NHN|5.0|I bought this CD after borrowing my aunt's.  I was so sad at the thought that I'd have to give it back that I bought my own.  I don't usually like New Age music, but this takes the cake.  A gorgeous effort.  I love  everything!
B000002J1B|5.0|if your going to get one Yes cd make this your choice.  it is some of the most inventive music ever. i would get Close to the edge next.
B00000JLX0|1.0|I think one of the worst things about &quot;Titanic&quot; is that it had potential to be so much better. They had brilliant editing, brilliant visual and sound effects, and horrible performances and a horrible banal  script based on NOT the story of Titanic, but the cliched &quot;boy meets  girl&quot; story with a big blue diamond as bookends.  Did they even need  the Titanic to tell this weak romantic story: poor artist boy meets girl,  boy saves girl, boy and girl fall in love, Mother doesn't approve of poor  boy and says: 'Girl, marry rich boy,' girl 'just says no,' boy and girl  have sex, boy sacrifices himself for girl, girl lives a good life with  memory of boy always. And some boat sinks. You might say that such  plot-holes (as so many anti-Titanic sites point out) can be figured into  every movie under the sun. But not every movie under the sun is considered  by a large population to be the Greatest Movie Ever Made. &quot;A woman's  heart is a great ocean,&quot; for gods sake? It sounds like the last line  of a trashy romance novel with a weak plot behind it. Oh wait......
B000001FOS|4.0|This is one of my favorite YNGWIE  cds ,...because it has some catchy songs on it ! .....if you like this style of  melodic/neoclassical metal .....I suggest , ...you check out this new band from usa - MAGNITUDE 9  ......  a great upcoming group.....AMAZON sells the MAGNITUDE 9 cd  ,...search for it ,...its a good one  also.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah is doing her homework on keeping up with what listeners like, taking advantage of her vocal abilities to suit the R&amp;B style of the material and with the best R&amp;B/hip-hop resources out there.  My  favorites: Breakdown,The roof &amp; Babydoll.
B000001FLA|4.0|TRILOGY  not only shreds ,...but  has great songs !!! .....looking for a new group to discover???......check out MAGNITUDE 9 from usa ,....a great new melodic/neoclassical metal type of group.....AMAZON  sells the  MAGNITUDE 9 cd ,....  check them out ,...its a good debut cd....from a new   band.
B000002NHN|5.0|You'll buy this for The Mummer's Dance (after seeing Legacy.) You'll find that there isn't a so-so track on the CD. The preview doesn't do the selections justice. They are day and night better than you'll ever imagine.  Night Ride Across The Caucasus will haunt you just as much as The Mummer's  Dance, if not more. This is the best CD value I have found.
6300214710|5.0|Pretty in Pink is one of the best movies Molly Ringwald had played in and that John Hughes directed.  If you love 80's movies I would pick this one.  It's a great teen flick about a poor girl falling in love with a rich guy.
6305470448|5.0|I have been reading Shakespeare for years and have tried to view every movie made from his plays.  This movie was simply wonderful.  I loved all the side jokes that entwined his other plays.  This is definately a true  romance.  Wouldn't we all like to think we were the inspiration for a love  story.  A definately must see movie.
0060926317|5.0|Whether this book is fact or fiction, and whether it accurately depicts Aborigines (although if it doesn't, I do agree an aplogogy should me made to the Aboriginal people) is ultimately irrelevent. The life of the book is  its message, which is only peacefulness. Other critics have said it  presents Westerners as mutant, and while that term was used, the book makes  a specific attempt to emphasize that Western society (and every society  outside of the tribe), is neither evil nor bad . . . just perhaps,  disillusioned.<br />At any rate, I understand why this book is so  controversial, but the message of the book is nothing but peaceful and  enlightening. I believe it is worth reading.
6304595247|5.0|I saw this version of Wuthering Heights on t.v. a few years ago, before I had heard of the book or Ralph Fiennes or Juliette Binoche, and I was riveted to the screen. When a commercial would come on, I would have to  shake myself back to reality and remind myself it was only a story. I  highly recommend it to anyone who has ever loved someone.
0767809270|4.0|This movie is altogether a poignant story, well-acted, and consistently entertaining. Hanks delivers an especially fine performance, and the acting chemistry between him and Denzel Washington is great. Certainly worth  seeing.
0385474547|5.0|As I read this book I felt as if Okankwo was supposed to be a hero. I refused to accept it. He commits the most indecent acts for the sake of &quot;honor&quot;. As his adopted boy clings to him for protection he  slaughters him so he would not loose face? I could never feel pity for such  a weak creature. I have heard people refer to Okonkwo as a  &quot;brave&quot; hero. This is the same man who broke under the slightest  threat of change. Achebe has created a monster whom one should never feel  pity for.      However, I do believe it offers some valuable cultural  knowledge regarding Africa and the missionaries of Christianity.
0790725657|4.0|This is a lovely film, with some very nice cinematography and a captivating storyline. It manages to catch some of the innocence of childhood. It's major flaw, however, is that it strays significantly from  the original text, and is set in an altogether different time period, with  many of the sub-plots being quite altered. There are also a few moments of  over-dramatic, Hollywood-type scenes with detract from the film (and are  not present in the book). I would therefore not consider this to be a very  good adaptation--it is simply TOO different. Still, as a film in and of  itself it is quite nice, certainly worth seeing, and particularly nice for  children. If you are interested in a truer version, see the BBC version  produced in the late 1980s and starring Amelia Shankley.
B000002HH2|5.0|I dont think human emotion can be converted to music as well as it is on Post. This is the kind of music that is timeless. I wouldnt trade this cd for any amount of money or power.  This cd is above all that.
0790720434|4.0|Great for children, but also entertaining for adults. This movie features particularly lovely scenes and landscapes and some nice cinematography. The adaptation manages to capture some of the mystical, dreamy quality of the  novel. The acting is generally good. This version does lack a bit of the  frightening quality of the book and other film versions, but this is not a  serious flaw. Also a rather nice musical score.
B00000JPH5|5.0|A very imaginative &amp; fanicful!! Isimply adore it!! I really love it
0767832248|5.0|Certainly worth seeing. This film is extremely moving, but never crosses the line into corny or sappy--a rare combination. Fine acting throughout, a compelling storyline, and genuinely haunting, not trite. Do not let this  movie's status as a tear-jerker deter you from an otherwise excellent movie  with a wonderful cast.
1573226521|5.0|The best book i've read in a long time, and I read a lot of books
6304372620|4.0|If you ignore the fact that the legal aspects of the film are somewhat unrealistic, this movie has a lot going for it. There is a generally strong cast, a very compelling and captivating storyline, and the whole movie  remains constantly entertaining. This film is about loss of innocence,  despair, anger, and revenge, and ultimately about loyalty and the true  meaning of friendship. Don't be deterred by the scenes of abuse on the  boys--they are haunting, but not overly graphic. Altogether a good movie,  certainly entertaining, and at times, very touching.
630512065X|5.0|This video is wonderfull!  I have seen the video about a million times. If you are thinking about getting it, stop  thinking and just get it you'll love it!
6300248569|5.0|This is a very English, very straight-forward film, with none of the gimmicks of Hollywood-type movies. Viewers who want glimmer and glitz will find none of it here.<br />Early 19th century England is beautifully  reproduced, and everything from costumes to furniture to landscape feels  authentic. The acting is by and large good; every role is fully absorbed by  the respective actor. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet are brought to life in a  particularly remarkable way.<br />Highly recommended for fans of Jane Austen,  or of BBC productions--but not for those who are easily bored and/or  distracted, as there are many scenes of pure dialogue.
0812589041|5.0|This book was undoubtedly one of the best sci-fi books I have ever read (and i've read a lot). I don't see how anyone could not like it. The whole plot and substance of the story is so surreal that it makes it all seem  truly real. if you don't read it, you'll be sorry!
B000005J56|5.0|Born and raised in Cuba I grew up and somehow this copilation of music makes me feel like I never left.  And to think that they are forgotten and hardly their music is played in their homeland.  If you are to start your  collection, this is the ONE.
B000002HMH|5.0|You dirty bastards that are satisfied with the  same thing, aren't true fans.  King Nothing, The Outlaw Torn, The Cure, Until It Sleeps, Ronnie, The House Jack Built, and Wasting My Hate are all great tracks along with  the rest of 'em.  I think it takes a lot of talent to change their approach  and still rock.  People who only listen to the hit singles and videos, miss  the point of the entire album.  It seems as though the views of the people  are similar to the views of the critics.  People are afraid to have their  own opinions.  Metallica hasn't sold out for one minute.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is truly a great album. it has all the great essentials of one, and has moch emotion, great music, and even better lyrics. This, as i said was my first NIN album, and yes, one of the best. I must say TDS is a bit  better. But its is FAR better than pretty hate machine, even though that  was a good album. all NIN fans must get this one, it is essential to any  NIN fans collection.
0553573403|5.0|Great writing,great plot,and great characters makes a great book
6305308659|4.0|Very good film.  But, don't get too &quot;hung up&quot; on the technology or story line.  Rather, this film is one that will ignite some memories of the past ... could be the mid to late '60's.  It evokes some introspection  from the viewer.  As I viewed the film I found myself not so concerned with  the major storyline, but rather looking at the &quot;colors&quot; that we  so often do when we turn on the t.v.  Ergo, forget any  &quot;groundbreaking&quot; technology or intense story ... look inside and  remember the days when we lived the changes ... remember the energy we had  ... remember the desire to make change!  Terrific!
B000002KXO|1.0|It deserves two stars, but someone needs to bring the unrealistic 4 1/2 star average down to earth.
B000002NIW|5.0|This Deftones album is better than their last one. They have a lot more energy and are just a lot better. Most of the songs are good on this CD especially Around the Fur, My Own Summer and Mascara. You would probably  like the Deftones if you like early Korn, early Tool, Limp Biskit and just  mostly any new metal.
6304675348|5.0|I loved this film!  It has to be one of the most original horror films yet and the teaser sequence is the best I've seen yet, and the scene in the garage takes a lotta beating.  From start to finish it was excellent.   Courtney Cox in particular was great in a part that I never expected her to  fill, but she did with great results.
0316743003|5.0|this is a very good book about about the divelopment of some of the worlds most advanced warplanes. if you like documentary style book's you will love this one.
0723244049|2.0|The lovely illustrations in these stories disguise the sad, troubling, and worrisome content, which I do not think is appropriate for young children.  Corporal punishment, threats to safety, and parental disapproval are all  too common and real themes in the lives of some children.  Dressing it up  with beautiful illustrations and artful storytelling doesn't take the sting  and concern about of the stories themselves.  I find the stories  disturbing, and so did my child at age three.  I have put these stories  away -- there are so many better books that give children positive  messages, not fearful ones.
070898147X|5.0|I was required to read Treasure Island for a Children's Lit class I took last summer.  I couldn't believe how much I enjoyed it.  I drove my kids crazy, talking like a pirate for weeks afterwards.  Don't believe those who  say this is a boring book--it's not!  It is fun, fast-paced, interesting,  and exciting.
0790733226|1.0|Foster and McConaughey land in bed the first day they meet?!!  Give me a break.  Like Mr. Garrison of &quot;South Park&quot; said, &quot;I waited two hours to see the alien and it turned out to be her G**D***  father!&quot;
1558903259|5.0|This is one of Disney's best movies. It ranks with &quot;Snow White&quot; and &quot;Pinocchio&quot; as one of the greatest Disney animated features. It deserved to be nominated for Best Picture.
079284209X|1.0|This is pretty aweful.  The film tries (very unsuccessfully) to study &quot;the reality&quot; of assasins and former secret agents.  It tries to convey how void of meaning the characters's lives are and how bored they  are.  But that is done at the cost of boring the audience.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I love this CD. I bought it a long time ago, and listen to it a lot. So many people are making such a big deal over the lyrics to this CD, but why? There are many groups out there who curse twice as much as Manson, such as  the ICP (who are probably the funniest group in the world), but they don't  get half the criticism that Manson gets. Why is that? I'm still trying to  figure it out. It also makes me mad that people who have never heard this  CD, or any of his CDs, are reviewing them. Another problem is the radical  people feel that they have to enter their 1 star review 5 times to get  their point across, or bring down the average (if you're not in the  majority, don't try to make it look like you are). Anyway, ANTICHRIST is  packed with great music, explicit lyrics, and guest appearances by members  of Nine Inch Nails (the best group ever). Highlights are &quot;The  Beautiful People&quot;, &quot;Irresponsible Hate Anthem&quot;, &quot;Dried  Up, Tied...&quot;, &quot;Tourniquet&quot;, &quot;Cryptorchid&quot;, and  &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;. If you listen to Industrial (NIN,  Stabbing Westward, Filter, etc), this CD is for you. If you are a religious  fanatic, unstable personality, etc, this is not for you.
0684867621|1.0|This is the only book of Stephen King's that I could not finish which is amazing since it is such a sliver of a little book.  I remember a time when Mr. King made fun of such slim volumes, in particular his ridicule of Vox  vs. A Simple Plan.  I would say that it could be cut to a short story but  even then it isn't that interesting.  It reads more like a Reader's Digest  true life story.  The saddest thing is that the book starts out so well  and then goes downhill quickly.  Mr. King obviously didn't spend much time  with a girl of the age of the protagonist in 1999.  She constantly makes  cultural references that are much more fitting for someone of Mr. King's  age.  When Mr. King found religion in Desperation I hoped that this would  be a passing phase.  I don't read horror for its inspirational character.  Bag of Bones was so good my fears were allayed but now with this book I'm  not sure where he is coming from. Apparently his next book consists of four  connecting novellas centering around Vietnam and is supposed to be a return  to the brilliance of Bag of Bones and The Green Mile.  Almost losing Mr.  King in his accident was terrible.  He is truly a national cultural  treasure.  I wish him luck during his painful rehabilitation and I wish I  could say better things about this book but unfortunately I can't.
0780619951|4.0|WOW! What a refreshingly different film (a little freaky too-like the original). Call me nuts but I loved it. Brando had me laughing for quite a while after the piano scene with his smallest &quot;child&quot;. The cast  is GREAT and so is the make-up.
B00000JPH0|5.0|This is a very good movie about Finnish troops trying to repel the massive Soviet invasion of Finland in the early part of World War II.  It has many tense, gut-wrenching battle scenes and some interesting, admirable  characters.  Some parts are almost heart-stopping, including outnumbered  Finnish troops watching huge numbers of Soviets attacking their trenches,  and Finns going out in the open to stop the Soviet tanks. Other scenes of  soldiers visiting their families behind the lines are also effective.
0684867621|1.0|As most of King's latest novels (excluding The Green Mile) this book sounded promising but just didn't deliver. I wasn't the least bit frightened. As a matter of fact I kept reading in hopes of at least feeling  a slight chill in the air...nothing.
B00000IBRX|5.0|&quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; presents a fairy tale like view of the afterlife.  With breathaking sets, incredible scenery and a window inside the true feelings of one man's life.  As we see his love for his soulmate  wife, the impossible expectations he sets for his son, and the childlike  wonder with which he faced the world.  As he explores the afterlife we see  a picturesque of art and culture that only his soulmate can complete.  For  his dreams would never come true without his soulmate.
B0000025BL|5.0|The whole CD is so good that I listen to it constantly.  It is a definite for any music listeners collection
0375707972|5.0|A spell binding, fast reading and touching tale of young love, obsession and growing up in a tragic time. A sickly teenage boy first finds himself and then loses himself in love with an older mysterious woman. His  examination and questioning of love, ethics, forgiveness and contentment is  both thought provoking and intriguing. The end came too soon and had me  sobbing out loud with  emotion I haven't felt while reading a book in a  long time. At the end I found myself turning back to reread parts I had  originally skimmed through to find out would happen next. Just wonderfully  written and translated.I thoroughly enjoyed it.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Like many people, I bought (and listened to) this soundtrack before seeing the movie.  At first I was somewhat disappointed - *this* was not &quot;Star Wars&quot; music - but I knew John Williams would not let me  down.  Having since seen &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;, I can only say one  thing: this *is* &quot;Star Wars&quot; music.  As always, John Williams has  performed wonderfully.
6305537542|5.0|there are many, good horror movies, but without a doubt halloween is the best of all time, it is vastly more entertaining, and believeable than either friday the thirteenth, or nightmare on elm street, its believeabilty  is what makes it so scary, the slowly drifted away from the realism as the  series went on, but this is still my favorite series of movies of all  time!! Its a classic, if u havent seen it, ya got to.
B000002UDB|5.0|When I first listened to Magical Mystery Tour, I thought I was listening to a greatest hits cd.  Strawberry Fields, I am the Walrus and Flying are among my top Beatles songs.  A Magical Mystery Tour awates everytime I put  it in the stereo!
6303617719|5.0|It's one of my favorite films, but i wish it on DVD
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is a great mellow album!  Ya can tell it was recorded at a time when the Beatles were COMING DOWN from their 'mystery tours'.  Some 'trippy' whymsical stuff is heard along with the rock and roll Beatles.  Even  Revolution #9 isn't too bad.  That's good to blare on Halloween.  My  favorite songs from the White Album are: ..'Bungalow Bill', 'Happiness is a  Warm Gun', &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot;, 'Don't Pass Me By'and 'While My  Guitar Gently Weeps'.  This is not an album for beginning Beatles fans.   Start with Please Please Me or Help!.  Save the White Album till ya get to  know them better.
630027179X|5.0|After seeing this Dark Age epic you won't look at the King Arthur legend the same way again.
B000002UAO|5.0|I love this album!  The first time I listened to it, we had the room lit by black lites.  We had this, Sgt. Pepper and Revolver on random, on the stereo.  It is a great album that introduced the Beatles to more open  subjects rather than just love songs.  This is the second Beatles album  where ya can start relating to their songs!  My faves on this one are:  Norwegian Wood, In My Life, No Where Man and Drive My Car.  The two singles  that accompany this album are Day Tripper and We Can Work It Out.
B000002U9Y|4.0|Wrights songs are very nice to listen to.. Water's Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun is great and Corporal Clegg is pretty good However, I find the title track boring and long.. Juggband Blues isn't all that great,  but it's ok and the lyrics are nice
B00000I41G|5.0|Kenny's midnight blue cd is a tribute to the artistry of this living legend.
B000001EMW|5.0|I am a huge music fan in general.  I love anything from Metallica to classical.  This just shows how good the musicianship is in Metallica.  Anything that can be reproduced like that is amazing to me.
B00000F1D3|3.0|The first time I heard it I thought - Wow.  The second time it was still good.  Around the fourth or fifth playing I stated having disco flashbacks and decided the music was just plain unimaginative and boring.
078388639X|5.0|I read all of the reviews of this book to help me teach a Sunday School lesson about Jacob and his dream and his wrestling in the wilderness.  I think King shows an awareness here of the importance of the spiritual  development in children, even ones without formal training.  I was reminded  of the insights of Bruno Betelheim incorporated into Soundheim's musical  &quot;Into the Woods.&quot;  This is actually an important book, something  King does not usually write, but which he is beginning to write.  I hope  his audience grows with him, in more ways than one.
0026009102|5.0|Rand is the ultimate champion of individuals.  After reading The Fountainhead, you will have an air of superiority, not over others, but over yourself.  If there is anytime in history that society needs to hear  Rand's message, it is now.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah is the most wonderful singer. Her music is beautiful and moving. This will be the best buy of your life.... don't pass it up.
B000002LMK|5.0|This is my favorite style of Neil Young: playing electric with Crazy Horse. On this one it's all elecric, no acoustic and extra long jams on most of the songs. Most of them fall into a great groove and Young solos on  top of it all. Not a weak track on here.
B000007MVL|5.0|I stumbled upon this album after a friend of mine got rid of his cassette collection.  I gave up on Kate with &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; which I thought was pretty lifeless and dull.  But what a fun and emotional  revelation &quot;Lionheart&quot; turned out to be.  You can feel the  emotional impact of these songs, despite the oft-critized overproduction  and the theatricality.  But I don't mind the latter at all -- I like lush  detailed production.  There's no pretense here about being a rocker or  having to use pointless drum machines or discordinance.  BTW, I've listened  to Laura Nyro's &quot;New York Tendaberry&quot; and I think Kate is the  more interesting and fun listen (even if Nyro cuts closer to the bone).
B000002MZ9|5.0|There are very few artists that are in their third decade of music that can match Neil Young. This is another electric affair, this time with Pearl Jam, and another great CD. This one was recorded quickly and it sounds  rough around the edges, which I think adds to the music. Pearl Jam does a  great job of supporting him and they gives a different slant to his music.  &quot;Scenery&quot; is just a brilliant, hypnotic song. Not one dull moment  for me on here and it's one of the best things he's done.
091581112X|5.0|This is a powerful and excellent book, even if you're not a &quot;true believer&quot; in channeling. The teachings in the book challenge you in a deep way to recognize and change the negative limiting beliefs that we put  on ourselves, our lives, and other people. If you're ready, this book can  help you live more honestly and fully.
0671004611|5.0|Best explanation yet as to why Roswell crash was covered up.  Once I started reading I couldn't put it down.  Great insight as to how all of our Govt. agencies operate against each other.
078062369X|4.0|Well, I don't think the story will get very high praise, but the intense and violent action makes it an entertaining movie to watch...
B000002O51|5.0|I guess I really did the world a terrible deed.  I bought this release TWICE on vinyl after wearing the first one out.  I guess I kinda wore the music out also because I just got it on CD after all these years.  Bottom  line is while I was listening to it on CD I found myself getting goosebumps  while listening to these songs for the first time in this decade.  I guess  I forgot how good this stuff was.  Anyways, my suggestion is that you pull  out that wasted piece of vinyl, give it a listen and then buy this on CD!   Maybe you won't be doing the world such a devastation this time around.
0380973464|4.0|Not until reading this novel (which I did in a quite enjoyable marathon over the weekend), was I able to formulate what I found so marvelous about Stephenson in The Diamond Age and Snow Crash: he's the best historical  novelist of the future I've ever read. It's almost a waste for him to pick  a WWII setting; when he writes about the future, description is insight,  but about the past description is mere description. <br />Not that he isn't  good at the description gig. Since the game is to find comparisons, I  venture: vintage Stephenson (the attitude) crossed with something  equidistant from Clancy (the techno-detail), Herman Wouk (globe-trotting  WWII setting), and Michener (the family saga). Although the main point of  comparison, upon reviewing my list, seems to be verbosity. I'll toss in  Wallace or Pynchon, because he is frequently shockingly good on the  writerly, sentence-level stuff as well.<br />The length did not bother me  unduly -- for pleasure reading I like fat books. I do feel that the natural  momentum of the wartime sections let him get away with skimping on the plot  for the present day parts, which wandered and relied for closure on Andrew  Loeb, a character I found disappointingly ridiculous.<br />Last thought: I was  disturbed by the sense that the authorial voice converged in sympathy with  these libertarian-hacker characters. Stephenson is imagining a present-day  scenario that leads to the world of Snow Crash -- which was fun to read  about, but I'd never want to live there. Maybe paying taxes and keeping the  U.S. intact is not such a bad idea after all.
B000002LEM|3.0|I thought this was the best VH release done by the gang with Sammy so I replaced the old vinyl with a fresh new CD.  I guess I must have skipped over alot of the tracks or maybe my memory is going bad.  This CD has a few  good songs on it, a few so-so songs and a few really terrible tunes.  Mine  All Mine still stands out among the crowd, but this is not VH's best  release with Sammy and doesn't hold a candle to any of the releases with  Dave except for maybe Diver Down.  I think Eddie should get on his knees  and have a talk with Dave and get Ted Templeton to produce any future VH  releases.  Oh well, I guess I can dream, huh?
B0000025DD|5.0|Call me a &quot;non-purist&quot;, but in my opinion, David Gilmour is the beautiful part of Pink Floyd.  And since the guitar is the essence of rock music, I feel he most represents the  instrumental backbone of the group.  His voice  ranges from the visceral to the limpid, and he produces one of  the best guitar tones ever.  This album is pure Gilmour, and I've never  tired of it.
0671027344|5.0|This book, is very real. It makes you think about things that you never really thought of too much. It makes a lot of sense though, once you do think of these things. I would recommend this book to anyone!
B0000025RQ|4.0|This CD is very good. It contains the classic &quot;Electric Eye&quot;, the powerful &quot; Riding on the Wind&quot;, the tittle track itself. The themes of the songs are variety, which is good. The only weak point is Dave  Hollands drumming.
0449911357|5.0|I saw the movie so many times before I read the book.  I mean I memorized the movie so well that the book was incredable.  The movie even quoted from the book so many times.  When I was reading the part where that guy Smoote  was talking to Idgie I could just hear his voice from the movie talking.   The endings on the two were different and (in my opinion) I liked the  ending of the movie better.  I don't think I'll ever get tired of the story  Fannie Flagg created.  I would like to thank her for it.  It will be one of  my favorites for all time.
B000002JS6|5.0|&quot; Back in Black&quot; is the best. No wonder it sold more than 13 million copies until now, and it continues to sell. It marked the begininng of the &quot;Brian Johnson days&quot; in AC/DC, in 1980. Perfect heavy  rock, thats all there is to say.
6302799066|3.0|I've constantly heard good things about Dr. Strangelove, so I decided to see it a few nights ago.  I've seen it through 3 times now, and I still don't understand what's so great about this movie.  I was born in 1980, so  maybe that has something to do with it, but this movie was not funny to me  at all.  While viewing the film, I saw clearly all of the parts where a  person is supposed to laugh, but I personally found the humor unappealing  and bland.  The only part I liked was when the guy with the cowboy hat  rides the dropping bomb.
0553347845|4.0|The very valuable part is the first one, especially the story which gives its title to the book, very sad and well written. &quot;It's as simple as 1, 2, 3...&quot; will occupy you for hours counting and reading the  sequel.<br />The bigger part 2, &quot;Mr Feynman goes to Washington&quot; is  far less interesting, with unending details and poor editing. To be read  only once in one's Feynman addicted life.<br />The epilogue finds more room in  &quot;The meaning of it all&quot;.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid rock Is the best Cd I have ever bought.  He is an awesome artist with awesome lyrics and awesome songs, like bawitaba and devil without a cause. My favorite part is when Joe C sings and when Kid Rock screams KIIIID  ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0393316041|4.0|To peoples seeking the full spirit and atmosphere of Feynman's stories, I recommend instead or in addition the audio CDs that Ralph Leighton has--thanks Ralph--made availables. Those are the originals and really  delightful sources, straight from the horse's mouth, even though not all  stories are yet availables.
6304935811|5.0|An excellent performance by George C. Scott.  Karl Malden was also wonderfull, but I wonder how his part might have been played out if Omar Bradley were not an advisor?  It is true that Bradley hated Patton, and I  wonder if this impacted the movie at all?  Oh well, it is still very much  worth viewing.  I would also recommend the viewer read Carlos D'Estes  &quot;Patton: A Genius for War&quot; for an accurate account of who Patton  really was (vs the film).
0694517208|4.0|A friend recommended this book to me a year ago, but I didn't want to read it at that time.  But later, my 30-year old son told me he heard the casette and liked it, so I decided to give it a try.  <br />When I began to  read the book, I was impressed with the way it described some of the  differences between men and women.  The book gave me a lot of insight and  answered some of the questions I've puzzled about for a long time.   However, I got bogged down with the book's repetitiveness.<br />Since my son  liked the tape, I bought it(abridged) and found I liked the concepts even  better in a condensed form.  After listening to the casette several times  and understanding it, I enjoyed the book better, too.  The wisdom of its  concepts began to grow on me.  Now, I often think of the concepts taught.   Using them increases understanding between us in our marriage.  The  concepts aren't difficult, just different than what I would think up on my  own.  I found my husband likes the tape, too.  We're going on a trip this  weekend and plan to take the tape along and listen to it again.<br />I  appreciated ways to word feelings that I couldn't think of how to express  before.  Sometimes feelings and words are very far apart in our heads.  The  book helped me to express how I feel, and it helps us to have better  discussions on the way we feel without getting angry about it.  I was often  amazed at a concept and checked it out with my husband, and he always  agreed with what was taught as a man's point of view.<br />This book and tape  help us remember that men and women are different, and they are meant to be  different!  So, let's enjoy it and work together instead of complaining  about it!
0553573403|5.0|This is the best novel I've ever read.  He shocks you on every page.  It's exciting and I loved it.  He introduces the characters and describes each one with great detail.  It's like you know them.  The only problem with the  book is that he takes to long to write them.  I'm already wainting on the  third book.
0790729628|3.0|Warner Bros. has announced a new DVD release of the 1992 \\"director's cut\\" (which really isn't a director's cut in the true sense of the word) this fall. <br /> <br />Next year, a new cut of the film, a true director's cut by Ridley Scott, will run in theaters. Later in 2007, a four-disc DVD edition with all four (!) versions of this film will be released. It will contain the original theatrical version, the internation theatrical version, the 1992 pseudo-director's cut and the 2007 \\"Final Cut\\". <br /> <br />This is not a rumor. It's real.
B000001FN1|5.0|Doro Pesche is the only true WOMAN of rock and roll...not some &quot;Vixen&quot; or &quot;Lita&quot; poseur...a true, strong voice...a force to be reckoned with...and never will be equaled (again).
0767802659|1.0|desecrated the memory of Philip K. Dick, and now this!  Word of advice to the estate of Isaac Asimov and all other dead sf masters: if Verhoven comes snooping around, run!  Run for your life!<br />I can justify the 1 star  instead of zero by virtue of the shower scene.  Gratuitous nudity always  makes me think a little more kindly toward a movie.  As a whole, however,  this film's intelligence level is aimed directly at people about 10 years  too young to see it,
0812550706|2.0|I didn't hate this book, but I have to say that I would have enjoyed it a lot more when I was about 10-12 years old.  If you read at that level (test: do you like Piers Anthony?) then you might enjoy this book.  Adults  should look elsewhere.
B00000F169|5.0|You have a dead, frozen commander telling another officer to discuss phenomenology with a sentient talking bomb.  Need I say more?
044022165X|5.0|Grisham's finest yet!  This book had me hooked from beginning to end!  It even has humor!  ;-)
B00000JBCP|2.0|MANA TIENE EL MISMO SONSONETE SIEMPRE, YA CANSAN CON EL MISMO SONAR.SE CREEN QUE SON BUENISIMOS,PERO YA CANSAN. SU MUSICA SUENA SIEMPRE IGUAL
0684867621|3.0|This was the first Stephen King book I read. I had heard about his other books and how scary they were, but frankly I was more frightened with the airplane ride I was on while I was reading it! Good book but shouldn't be  labeled as 'scary'.
B0000074EF|5.0|Great album by guitarslinger Alvin Lee. Almost worth just it to hear his version of &quot;Crossroads&quot;.A good sampling of his work....Boy did Alvin and TYA tear it up at Woodstock or what (see the movie).
B000003PB7|5.0|One of the greatest albums i ever heard in my life, great music..
B000000WZ4|5.0|This was my first Depeche Mode album and still the best. Although I've heard them all, this one is still number one. If you're a new fan...this is where you go to get hooked. Simply Brilliant!
B00000FBRE|5.0|this lagwagon cd is the best of them ALL.  I just got into them, and i've been wondering where the hell i was this whole time, missing out on such good punk.  There are catchy melodies, so it rules.  But its still punk no  matter what.
630417893X|5.0|If there is anyone reading this that likes a good tune, this is the film for you. It's scene after scene of musical and theatrical excellence, From &quot;Wouldn't It Be Lovely&quot;, to the very last note of &quot;I Could  Have Danced All Night&quot;, played at the close. It's not just the music  that makes this film a worth watching work, though. Hepbern and Herison  play their charactors masterfuly, (as do there co-stars) and make the story  more beliveable and twice as enjoyable. Eliza Doolittle and Henry Higons,  two, slightly strange people with strong opinions and stubborn wills, make  a great team. I Found Eliza's father, all around amusing. I encourage you  to try it, but, I might also suggest you rent it first, just to be safe.
B000000WI6|5.0|This is a fantastic CD by blues genius Johnny Winter.  The man is unsurpassed in his guitar playing and it's evident here.  Everyone should own this CD.  I love that &quot;Illustrated Man&quot;!!!
0790737345|3.0|Great stuff and well donw, if you like sweet sentimental pics  and first rate tear jerkers.<br />I agree with a former viewer who says that Cage may have been the wrong casting choice. Meg Ryan, though, is near perfect in  the role.<br />I could do without Dennis Franz slobbering over food to show  how human he has become.. But then, being uncouth has apparently become his  forte.<br />I do not believe the film holds up with repeated viewing except  perhaps for the great extras on the DVD showing just how the picture was  made.
0790725657|5.0|I am a 23 year old male and I love this film to death.  I realize that it can be frustrating to find that a movie diverges from the book it is based on, but it should really be judged on its own merits.  &quot;A Little  Princess&quot; is shear magic - it is inspiring and truly moving.  I don't  think I have ever seen a fantasy film that surpasses this masterpiece.
B00000I3JM|1.0|As a David Sylvian fan, I was attracted to what I had heard about this band, and frankly I am horrified.  There isn't a single melody on this album that comes close to any of Sylvian's efforts.  The singer's voice is  awful, the soundscapes are dull.  What a waste of money. I'm throwing my  Blue Nile CD in the bin.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This soundtrack suffers the same critical fate as the movie itself. People are comparing it to the original trilogy and nothing else. Well I'm here to change all that. Listen to this soundtrack in comparison to any other  recent soundtrack and Phantom would without doubt receive the perfect score  it so richly deserves. Duel of the Fates is one of the most magnificient  peices ever written for a motion picture. It's power far surpases any other  peice of music written for Matrix or Wild Wild West or Titanic. Years from  now The Phantom Menace soundtrack will still be heard in households across  the world! Shouldn't that make it worthy of 5 stars? True not all the music  is present or even in the right order. To me that doesn't matter. Yes it  would be nice since it would re-tell the story musically but I figure in a  few years when a special edition comes out we'll get it all. Look at the  original release of Star Wars. It's arrangement was much like this and back  then you didn't seem to mind so why start now? People also complain about  the parade on track 17. If you would stop complaining for five seconds and  listen you would realize that TRACK 17 IS THE EMPEROR'S THEME PLAYED. . .  JOYFULLY OF ALL THINGS! As you can probably tell by now, my reveiw is  praising the CD and scolding all those reveiwers who gave this CD bad  markings simply because the Special Edition soundtracks spoiled them and  now they simply can't enjoy the music for what it is. Check out the reveiws  which gave this CD a low mark. Most of them are comparing it to the Special  Edition CDs, or are complaining about one or two tracks. Like the movie you  MUST rank it on it's own two feet. If you don't then you had no reason to  go out and buy this CD or go see the movie since you already had what you  wanted (the originals) back at home waiting for you. With that in mind I  whole heartedly and with pride give this soundtrack a well-deserved 5 star  ranking and a standing ovation.
B0000041Q3|1.0|Joan Sutherland without a doubt has one of the most beatiful voices of opera, but here she attempt to sing a role way to large for her lyric voice.  The role of Turandot is meant to be sung by a soprano of much  larger size, like Nilsson or Eva Marton.  Pavarotti's voice is also to  small for this role.  One wants to hear someone with the vocal size of  Corelli or Ben Heppner singing Calaf, even Domingo is a better Calaf.   Caballe is a brillant Liu but she is not enough to save this recording.  If  you want to hear Turandot as it was meant to be done purchase the recording  with Nilsson and Corelli, or purchase my personal favorite the recording  with Ben Heppner and Eva Marton.  Nilsson, Corelli, Heppner, and especially  Marton have sung this role to great acclaim on stage and are the right type  of voice for these roles.  Sutherland would have been laughed off the stage  had she performed this in public.  If you want to hear Sutherland at her  best buy her in a Donizetti role.  And if you want to hear her with  Pavarotti buy their recording of Rigoletto.
B000009ED0|4.0|I love this cd. There are great songs. &quot; Bawitdaba&quot; and &quot;Wasting Time&quot;. &quot;only God knows why is awesome too. I only wish he didn't cuss so much in some songs.
6304994540|5.0|You will watch it again and again. So many little details that escape you at first but will make you burst out laughing next time. Awesome off-the-wall humour. Yes, there is excessive use of the f-word, but in case  it hadn't occured to you, that's how some people talk. And in this movie it  is deliberate and serves its purpose well.
0670880728|4.0|Bridget is absolutely light, funny, and easy to read.  All women can relate to her neurotic behavior related to men, dieting, and her relationship with her mother.  It is laugh-out-loud fun.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I've always heard the Peppers in passing, on the radio, etc. over the years and have always been impressed.  But I had never bought one of their albums until I heard Scar Tissue and knew that I had to have  Californication.  This is by far one of the best albums I have ever bought.   The music is incredibly original and interesting both from a musician's  and a casual listener's point of view.  The band melds together with some  of the tightest grooves I have ever heard.  Simply too good...
B000004286|5.0|This is for sure one of the best soundtracks of james horner,what can i say he is the best and all his soundtracks are also the best.But this one really touchies your heart and you can't do anythijng about it,just to  listen to it,because it's great.Thank you james horner for all the music  you gave to us.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Tom Waits is still as good as I thought he was when I was sixteen years old and first heard &quot;Closing Time.&quot; My seventeen-year-old daughter thinks so, too. What a world.
B0000028M7|5.0|Even though Dirt is nearly seven years old, I felt compelled to put my two cents in about how much I love this album.  Simply put, Dirt blows all other &quot;grunge/alternative/metal/whatever&quot; albums out of the  water, and I still listen to it regularly.  Firstly, there has never been  (and may never be again) a lead singer with as hauntingly beautiful a voice  as that of Layne Staley.  NEVER! The raw emotion in his voice, ranging from  bitter to desperate to forlorn, is unmistakable and complements perfectly  the lyrics that he and Cantrell wrote.  Musically, Dirt is like sonic  heroin, capable of being simultaneously raw and beautiful.  I would  reccomend this album to anyone, but particularly anyone who has struggled  to understand themselves in a world they find alienating.  This is the only  album that has actually made me cry, and is the best rock album of this  decade (Tool's Aenima being a reasonably close second).  If you don't own  it already, or once owned it and lost it, buy it now!
B000002C2E|5.0|I've listened nearly all of the available Bob Dylan recordings and this one really hits the point. The lyrics blendin' with the heartbreaking guitar, harmonica combination of Mr. Dylan has formed such a depressing  piece that, I am being tempted to jump from a high building every time I  listen to it.  Musically great, and probably the best poetry in any musical  performance I know.  &quot;When you think that you've lost everything, You  find out you can always loose a little more.&quot; Gosh. Thank you so much  Mr. Dylan. One last note, BUY THIS!
0783226063|1.0|What did I just watch? This movie is like a train wreck. Like anything directed by David Lynch, this movie is so bizarre, you're afraid to turn it off for fear of missing something. Do yourself a favor, turn it off!  Visually, the movie is interesting. But, the incoherent storyline leaves  you staring at a blank TV screen long after the credits have rolled by. I'm  not a big reader. But, I must read Frank Herbert's novels just to see what  Mr. Lynch thought he was interpreting.
B000002BBY|4.0|Noel Gallagher is extremely talented and Liam has the sexiest voice around.  It's too bad that more of the USA hasn't discovered talent.  However, if you've listened to this CD  and aren't thrilled with it, check out Be Here Now.  That's why I gave this  CD 4 stars-I was spoiled with the more mature Oasis before going back to  their old stuff.
B00000JGHM|5.0|&quot;Heat&quot; is the kind of action packed masterpiece one hopes to encounter more often than they occur, but when one comes along, it remains in our minds forever. I just rented this DVD, and the widescreen transfer  (aspect ratio: 2.35:1) is nothing short of mindblowing. I give credit where  it deserves to go: Robert Deniro, Al Pacino, Val Kilmer and Tom Sizemore  for acting, Dante Spinotti for his great cinematography, and finally  Michael Mann, for writing, producing and directing this great picture.  &quot;Heat&quot; will remain timeless.
B000002C25|4.0|This is one of my favorite CD's.  Noel Gallagher knows how to write a song, and Liam's sexy voice brings them to life.  Tracks 1-6, and 8 are the only tunes I listen to, however.  Be Here Now is not one of those rare CD's  you can listen to without skipping around.  But, the songs I like don't get  tired.  If you want a hard-rocking version of The Beetles, buy this CD.  If  you want sensless lyrics with synthisized beats, check out The Backstreet  Boys like everyone else.
0590353403|4.0|This book is a very fine peace of literature, though in some aspects it goes well over the top.  The suggested reading ages say 9-12, but I think that people over 12 would love this book also.  (I'm 13.)  It's filled with  magic, and in my opinion is not a &quot;mean-spirited&quot;, but  &quot;good-hearted&quot; book.  Anyone under 8 probaly wouldn't enjoy the  series, but I loved all three of them.
6303942830|5.0|In brief, one of my favourite movies of all time.  The cinemetography is reason enough to go out and buy that 40 inch monster widescreen TV.  The film is amazing throughout, but the reviewers below are right in  highlighting the last 10 minutes.  It is the best 10 minutes of movie  history.  This is the only film I have commented on with Amazon.  Until  something comes up to the same standards I won't write another one!
B000002MG1|5.0|REM's career divides pretty easily between their time with IRS, back in the early and mid-80's when they hit only college airwaves and were living in a van, and after they went to Warner and started releasing huge  commercially successful records. A lot of people think that their earliest  stuff is their best -- albums like Life's Rich Pageant stand out as some of  the best examples of underground rock in the history of American music. But  Automatic for the People may in fact be their best album - a synthesis of  the moody introspection of their earlier albums and some of the more  melodic lyricism that comes from their later work. The final three tracks  of the CD - &quot;Man on the Moon,&quot; &quot;Nightswimming,&quot; and  &quot;Find the River,&quot; may be the most beautiful trio of rock ballads  ever assembled on an album. &quot;Automatic&quot; is truly a journey, and  represents the best that a great band has ever had to offer.
0552131067|1.0|Strata &amp; The Colour of Magic were beautifully funny and I highly recommend them. BUT everything after those first two in the discworld series is trash. Too stupid. Like monte python. Slap stick. Not funny at  all.<br />IT'S LIKE THE BOOKS BEAT THEMSELVES TO DEATH! I am quitting the  discworld series and going on to try some of his other works.
6300182266|3.0|battlestar will inevitably be brought back. the thing is to stick to glen larson&quot;s vision . richard hatch has to be included,but please as an actor only. big name actors will want to ham it up ala batman tv show, but  i hope they stick to the epic implication of their journey. starship  troopers took a bit of inspiration from these guys!!!!!what a dichotomy.
