B000085RTZ|5.0|I just loved the music on this CD; the tracks flow nicely into each other and are dovetailed well. BUT what I really enjoyed was the singing. Khan is a powerful singer and can manipulate his voice beautifully, (an advantage over other power singers I suppose). If you're into progressive or pseudo-progressive rock, you'll love this album. I recommend it to people who enjoy Dream Theatre, Ice Age or Symphony X. If these are not the sort of bands you listen to, then you will probably not like Kamelot.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Is this a prequel or a sequel? In some ways, both. What we have here is a film which provides essential background information about Vito Corleone who later became a crime family don (played by Marlon Brando in The Godfather) and a continuation of the saga as Michael succeeds his father as don and proceeds with plans to involve his family only in legitimate enterprises. One of the several reasons that Coppola received an Academy Award for best director and The Godfather Part II received an Academy Award as best film is his brilliant use of cross-cuts. (Obviously, they were eliminated in the made-for-television The Godfather Saga in 1977 which rearranges the two films' narrative within a chronological order.) My own opinion is that this film is the equal of The Godfather but they are, stand alone, masterpieces. Special credit is due cinematographer Gordon Willis who uses sepia-tone to present what seem like almost home movies of young Vito and his family...but then, when shooting events at Lake Tahoe compound and in Cuba, the action is presented with a contemporary look.     The focal point of much of the film is the relationship between Michael and Hyman Roth (Strasberg) as they develop their partnership in Cuba. The negotiations are juxtaposed, indeed intertwined with Michael's strained relationship with his older brother Fredo (John Casale). Almost but not quite lost in all this are Michael's deteriorating relationships with his sister Connie (Talia Shire), Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall), and eventually with just about everyone. As the film ends, Michael is alone in just about every possible way.     As to my favorite scenes, there are several which include Michael's conversation with Roth on the balcony (during the celebration of Roth's birthday) when Michael shares his recent experience on a street in Havana, later when he confronts insecure Fredo with betraying him (Michael) and the Corleone family, and when Tessio (Abe Vigoda) approaches Michael during the burial of his father and later when Tessio appeals for his life, and even later when Michael looks out the window of his compound on Lake Tahoe, perhaps recalling happier moments in his past. When Michael offered to kill Sollozzo and McCluskey, he began a rite of passage after which he was ordained (if that's the right word) to  a fate his father never wished for him. When this great film ends, Michael seems empty...without any redeeming humanity...resigned to accept what he felt required to do and is therefore somehow fulfilled.
B00005JM09|2.0|This is one unnecessary sequel to two science fiction classics. Sure, everyone wanted  a another Terminator movie, but they should have giving us more than this. James Cameron is no where in sight in this follow up, and is replace with Jonathan Mostow, whose films Breakdown and 'U-571'were tepid at best. Arnold Schwarzenegger is back as The Terminator who returns to protect an adult John Conner from an advance model-killing machine called the T-X played by Kristanna Loken. Every thing that was set up before in Terminator 2 is throng out for the sake of another sequel, and the story is not only incoherent but also down right annoying in certain parts of the film.  The T-X is not as advance as the T-1000 from Terminator 2, and not as menacing. You were actually scared of The T-1000, and it gave you a reason to be scared by the way that it could kill at will. The T-X is just poor carbon copy of the T-1000, and not as efficient of a killing machine. The story should have been better and should have been a great continuation of the second movie but in it's journey to be different, it forgot what it should have been.  Sure, it's a great time waster but compared to the others, it's a disappointment. The movie was made to capitalize and two much better films and judging by the way the movie ends, they are going to rape those films even further.
B00005YW4H|4.0|Smoky, sultry, sexy, unique.  That's how I would describe Norah's voice and this CD.  It is so nice to hear something other than the same-old, same-old, and she fllls the void just fine!  Actually, I give it 4.5 stars.  If you like jazzy, bluesy, soulful songs, this is the CD for you.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The title says it all!  This is the best TV show that never really was.  It was run on FOX so naturally it had to overcome every hurdle known in the TV biz, no advertising, shows run out of order, mixed in with the World Series (one show was on after the final game of the World Series at 11:56 pm).  It still managed to accumulate quite a following, but apparently not as well as FOX would have liked, so they cancelled it about half way through the season.  This DVD is to hold the 3 unaired episodes.<br />Joss Whedon's vision of the future.  Set 500 years in the future, a crew of a freelance salvage and transport ship hiding from \\"the Feds\\" looking for work where they can find it.  A \\"western\\" set in space where the Chinese (at least culturally) have taken over the universe, evil government plots... it has EVERYTHING!!!  <br />Great effects and acting, the cast molds itself into their roles, unfortunately I cannot watch them in anything else without thinking of them in this role.
B00003CXD5|5.0|This one of several films in which John Huston and Bogart worked together. The director's father Walter also plays one of the lead roles. In fact, John Huston appears briefly in a scene in the same park where Fred C. Dobbs (Bogart) purchases a winning lottery ticket from a Mexican boy (yes, that's Robert Blake). The central plot concerns three men (Dobbs, Howard, and Curtin) who are \\"down on their luck\\" until Dobbs' windfall which enables them to bankroll a treasure hunt in Mexico. They set out with high hopes and great expectations, eagerly agreeing to be equal partners when they locate gold. After they do, inevitable tensions, distrust, and then animosity develop. What fascinates me most about this film is Bogart's portrayal of Dobbs as an anti-hero. Pay special attention to his eyes which reflect the deterioration of his sense of obligation to his two partners. The grizzled veteran Howard (Walter Huston) correctly suspects from the beginning that love of money could destroy the partnership, as indeed it does. Curtin (Tim Holt) is the principal victim of Dobbs' greed. Huston received an Academy Award for directing this film and another for his original screenplay, based on B. Traven's novel. Among all films in the treasure-hunt genre, this is truly a classic. At its conclusion, I was again reminded of what my grandmother once told me: \\"Pigs get fat but hogs get slaughtered.\\" Actually, at least some pigs are also vulnerable to forces over which they have no control. The same can be said of Fred C. Dobbs, consumed by greed which apparently he could not control. As the film ends, only Howard remains...his understanding of human nature enriched even more by his recent experiences. Wealth is temporary but wisdom endures and sometimes prevails. That may well be the point of this great movie.
B00003CXXS|1.0|If you can remember the Godzilla remake by Roland Emmerich & Dean Devlin, then you must have had nightmares on how bad it was. The bad rip offs of much better movies and the extremely corny, sentimental dialogs only written to please slow adults and small children. This movie was so bad in fact that you dont need Mike and the Bots from MST3K to make fun of it, the movie writes its own punch lines for you to say. Any movie with Matthew Broderick as an action hero should be an indication on how bad it is, and with a monster that looks more like a raptor than the Godzilla who all know and love, the recipe for failure is pretty big. <br />Which brings us to this film which is not only one of the worse sequels ever made but probably one of the worse films made period. Sam Neil is a great actor, but the film itself is so bad that it makes him look like a buffoon. The way they tried to make him into an Indiana Jones wannabe is not only sad but also flat out laughable. He comes more a cross more like Chevy Chase than Harrison Ford.  The casts of supporting characters fares no better and in some respect fare much worse. William H Macy is probably one of the best actors around but you really cant tell that by his performance here which is beyond annoying.  Tea Leoni is flat out annoying as well as his wife, a woman whose scream could chip years old paint. I think the only actor who fares decent here is the late Michael Jeter, who is barely in the film at all. His performance is funny, and could have benefited the film a lot more if he was in it more. <br />The special effects are not as impressive as they were in the last two films, and the direction is very disjointed compared to what Spielberg was able to do with the first two movies.  Spielberg was able to create tension and create action scenes that can blow your socks off. Joe Johnson, who steps in for Mr. Spielberg this time around not only abandons what his predecessor had done before but completely disregardsany logic that the other movies had. The first two films where about science and the dangers of tampering with nature. This film is just a strait forward monster movie that does not even have a plot to go by. The characters here are nothing more than Dinosaur food and the setting itself does not even look like the island of the last movie. There are even certain things in this film that even contradicts some of the information that was giving in the last two films, and it tries to bring in a dinosaur that was not even created in those movies.<br />Its really sad to see Joe Johnson demean himself with a bad film like this, because he has done much better work in the past.  The Rocketter is a prime example of a good comic book movie, and October Sky is a well-paced family drama that should have had more notice in the theater. With this movie, Joe looks like he just wanted to cash a pay check, and judging by the way every thing in the film was done, it looks like every one involved were doing the same thing. Which is sad in a sense because its the fans that pay for it in the long run.
0385509456|5.0|This was one of my favorite books of the year.  Although it is very original, it did remind me of Motherless Brooklyn which tells a detective story through a child with Turret's Syndrome.  Haddon in this novel captures perfectly a high functioning autistic child who decides to write a novel about the search for the cold blooded murderer of his neighbor's poodle with a garden fork.  His quest leads to all sorts of interesting discoveries about those around him.  I don't want to give away the plot, but you won't be able to put down this highly original book.  The attention to details and the care Haddon takes in drawing his main character shows and makes this a highly accomplished and most memorable novel.
B000002ILG|5.0|This album is spectacular. It goes well beyond categorizations. It' s simply a fantastic rock album. The songs are for the most part really strong in compositional terms.  This album probably could probably stands in the top five rock albums of the eighties. The guitar playing from Vito, well was nothing less than amazing.  His chops were technical, melodical and catching at the same time. But he was not only among the best soloists of the era (if not the overall best in the hair pop metal style). He was an incredible rhythmn guitarist as well. His way of developing rhythm parts chorus after chorus and during the entire track have to be heard to be believed. Mike Tramp was the tipical '80's singer with a great look and a built voice.  Not so great in the end but he sounds correct.  Rhythmn section was convincing. But what matter in this album are the songs and the guitar playing. No guitarist sounded better than Vito among the post Van Halen players.  Unfortunatly he recorded only four albums and than went back to obscurity. What a shame.  Vito come back to music!!!
0783225857|5.0|In his later years, Peck acknowledged that Atticus Finch was his favorite role among many such as Frank Savage in Twelve O'Clock High and Phil Green in Gentleman's Agreement. Peck was the perfect choice to play Finch and received an Academy Award for best actor for that performance. Finch is the central character in Harper Lee's autobiographical novel. A widower with two young children, he supports himself and his family as an attorney in a small town in Alabama during the Great Depression. When Tom Robinson (Brock Peters) is accused of rape, Finch agrees to represent the young black man. This decision antagonizes several of the town's racist whites.<br />The action is seen through Lee's persona, \\"Scout\\" (Mary Badham), the younger of the two Finch children. The trial becomes the focal point of the narrative, with the courtroom becoming Finch's pulpit. His eloquent appeals for justice and racial tolerance are directed to everyone in the town, not only to members of the jury. As directed by Robert Mulligan, all members of the cast perform brilliantly. Of special interest is the screen debut of Robert Duvall as Boo Radley, a mysterious recluse who eventually becomes significantly involved in the plot. Thanks to Peck's skills under Mulligan's direction, this is not a \\"preachy\\" film. Finch is as credible to those who see this film as he is to those in the town in which he and his children live. When making word associations with the name Gregory Peck, intelligence, integrity, and dignity immediately come to mind. All three describe Finch. Credit must also be given to Horton Foote who wrote the highly literate screenplay based on Lee's autobiographical novel. This is a great film primarily because it contains a great performance by Peck and because (through Finch) it makes a power appeal to the best that is within us, whatever the color of our skin may be.
B00009XITP|5.0|I'm a 37 year old woman who is buying this movie just because Colin Firth is in it.  He is absolutely the most gorgeous man around.  I saw this is the theatre & couldn't take my eyes off Colin's facial hair stubble....drool, drool, drool.  Most of the movie he wears a suit and oh how he wears a suit!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I first saw Gavin DeGraw at a concert with Jason Mraz and Maroon 5.. I was blown away.. I first thought his site said that this C.D would come out June 22nd, and oh I was so angry that I was wrong.. I waited a whole month for the C.D.. So, today I went out and got it.. I was completely blown away... The slow rock feel of Follow Through, Just Friends, And Belief.. Mixed with the upbeat Chariot and I Don't Want To Be, make a great first album for Gavin DeGraw, I can't wait to hear more from this artist later in years to come.... The stand outs on this album are Just Friends, Nice To Meet you Anyway, More Than Anyone.... I would definitely put more on here, but I don't wanna write all the songs... I'm afraid though that a lot of people who are not fans of Elton John or Billy Joel will not buy this album due to the fact that lots of reviewers said that he did... This is a must have for any lover of good upbeat pop/rock.... I can tell this is one of those C.D's that'll be stuck in my collection for an extremely long time... Well, thanks Gavin for the great album.... Peace!
B000002UDG|5.0|This a wonderful CD to own. It is great for anyone who loves great music. This CD is great for all ages. Fans of The Beatles, Wings, and/or Paul McCartney will fall in love with this CD, over and over again.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This score combines a little bit of Celtic folk ala &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot; and mixes it with some Romanesque boldness ala &quot;Gladiator&quot;.  What do you get?  A beautiful yet strong journey through a land of pirates.  You can definitely hear a Hans Zimmer influence throughout the disc, but it is a very strong soundtrack, with the same theme permeating almost every track.  If you liked the &quot;Gladiator&quot; soundtrack, you'll love sailing the open seas (or roads) with this CD.  It is a hands-down five stars and deserves AT LEAST an Oscar nomination.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Joss Whedon, \\"Firefly\\"'s creator and executive producer, called this DVD \\"the specialest thing ever.\\" The show certainly is-- engaging, entertaining, witty and thought-provoking, anything but stereotypical, with a cast of immensely talented actors. On top of all that, the DVD's got three episodes never aired in the U.S., commentaries from every cast member, a gag reel, interviews and other shiny things. Everyone should have one, because this show's got action, & spaceships.
1587990717|4.0|Dr Taleb's book for the layman explains, using understantable logic and mathematics, how much success commonly attributed to skill is really luck.  It should be humbling to the wealthy, and reassuring to the unlucky.<br />A useful read for investors: Studies show that over-confidence degrades trading performance.  We need to be continuously objective about our approaches and conclusions.<br />Gift this book to your most arrogant lucky friend!
B00004Z459|5.0|This is an awesome CD by an awesome band. This is their worst album to me and I still listen to it as much as possible. Let me tell you track by track.<br />1. Papercut- This is one of my least favorites to listen to, yet the most fun to sing along with. 8/10<BR>2. One Step Closer- This is one of the elite songs on this CD that many overlook since it was most people's first LP song. This is probably the most unique song on the CD since there really is no notable rap. 10/10<BR>3. With You- Good song. The lyrics did remind me of something at school for a while, but it still is a great song. 9.5/10<BR>4. Points Of Authority- AWESOME! Best song on the CD, although beaten by several Meteora songs. Perfect mix between rapping and singing. Truly elite. 10/10<BR>5. Crawling- I don't really see why everyone thinks this song is elite on this album. It's good, but there is better on the CD. 8.75/10<BR>6. Runaway- This is one of the main elite tracks. This and OSC are the main reasons why I bought this CD, and it just seems so memory-striking every time I listen to it in private. 10/10<BR>7. By Myself- Not that great of a song on this album. Though I perfectly relate to this,(I get picked on more by my friends than enemies) it still isn't as good as most of the songs on here. 8/10<BR>8. In The End- This has got to be the most overrated song on the album. Pretty much what was said for Crawling can be said for this. 9/10<BR>9. A Place For My Head- I don't really care for this song as much as the others. Hasn't been one I've skipped, but not as good as most of its predeccessors. 8.5/10<BR>10. Forgotten- Also elite! Despite what I said about the last track, Forgotten is best when played after A Place For My Head. 10/10<BR>11. Cure For The Itch- I don't care for non-wrestling instrumentals all that much. 'Nuff said. 7/10<BR>12. Pushing Me Away- This is just plain great! Not elite, but still a standout. 9.5/10<br />As you can see, a CD with very few flaws. <BR>Overall average rating:9.02/10(very good then)
B0000A1RJI|3.0|The Pirate's the life for me!!  After going on Disney's famous Pirates of the Carribean ride, I thought I'd be prepared for this soundtrack, since you hear so much music during the ride!  However, I was ill-prepared for this soundtrack, as it was a barrage of many different sounds that were as diverse as the pirates that inspied them!!  My favorite tune on here is the \\"Yo-ho-yo-ho, the pirates the life for me!!\\"  I think that's an all-time classic, just like the \\"Time Warp\\" song on Rocky Horror Picture Show.  Be warned, though, that song will stay in your head for days, so catchy is its chorus, matey!!  But the real surprise to this summer blockbuster hit soundtrack is the diverse Celtic sounds it has.  Boy, just like \\"Titanic,\\" there's some real good stuff here!!<br />I really liked the music with this movie, it's BUSTIN' LOOSE!!<br />SEE YA'!!!!!!!!
B00000JG41|4.0|After years of making uncompromising and unpredictable music, Mr Bungle finally do the most unpredictable thing of all: make a pop album. The term \\"pop\\" being relative of course, unless bachelor pad doo-wop or rockabilly-swing-surf-latin-chant-metal suddenly come into fashion I couldn't imagine anything here becoming a hit single, but nonetheless this is the most melodic material they're ever put out. If you're looking for the jarring metal freakouts of old, there's really only a few instances when you'll find them (most notably near the end of \\"goodbye sober day\\", when the song suddenly goes into a thrash metal version of the balinese monkey chant), but what you do get is a concise but eclectic 45 minutes of Mr. Bungle taking summer pop conventions hostage and twisting them into their own perverse likeness. <br />Most of the songs still have the underlying circus music influence and tendencies to stuff enough ideas for at least four or five different songs into one track (\\"air conditioned nightmare\\" for instance), but surprisingly there's also a handful of tracks that could be accurately described as \\"straight forward ballads\\". Mr. Bungle doing ballads just doesn't sound like a good idea on paper, but somehow it completely works and fits in with the overall feel of the album. As evidenced by things like \\"Afterschool Special\\" from Disco Volante, or Faith No More's cover of \\"Easy\\" by The Commodores, Mike Patton has a fairly impressive croon in his repetoire, there's always a very subtle combination of tongue-in-cheek and oddly disturbing elements involved to make things sound a bit \\"off\\", and despite sounding like love songs on the surface, they still contain lyrics like \\"there's just five hours left until you find me dead\\". <br />The other two albums in their catalog are perfect music to confuse neighbors and clear rooms to (in the best kind of way of course), and are arguably better examples of the band's technical skill, but California tends to wind up in my cd player more often because it manages to fly in the face of the way songs should work while still being undeniably catchy in it's own bizarre way. It may even convince skeptics who usually dismiss this band's output as nothing but self-indulgent noise.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Having been brought up in the classics, naturally anything that has to do with ancient Greece or Rome will catch my attention. Whether it holds it for very long or not is another matter; fortunately, Gladiator, for all of its shortcomings, did.<br />This is a work of fiction, and must be approached as such. I have seen numerous reviews that criticise the film for its lack of authenticity and historicity -- this is perhaps an unfair criticism. It is as unfair as if to say Star Wars is unhistorical, or the events portrayed on Spin City didn't really happen historically -- of course they didn't. This is what fiction is all about. Of course, there will be some grounding in reality (do we really want to divorce fiction completely from reality so that every city becomes Metropolis and every proper name must be changed?). Once I realised that this movie was intended to be a work of fiction, and not a dramatically-charged documentary, I relaxed and had an enjoyable time.<br />There was an emperor Marcus Aurelius, who was rather effective in a Machiavellian way early in his reign, and later turned to a more philosophical bent; his collected thoughts have been published in many forms, including as part of the great Harvard set of great thinkers. His son Commodus did in fact succeed him, though not after suffocating him on the German frontier, and was an emperor of a fair inferior stamp; he played to the mob, not necessarily more than previous emperors had (and, in fact, Marcus Aurelius had not suspended the games in Rome--no wise ruler would risk such a thing), but rather more than the elite classes of Rome would prefer.<br />Commodus in fact had (as did many emperors before and after) love affairs with relatives, friends, and strangers. He was ruthless (this much the movie kept true), but not quite as clever at intrigue as even the movie (in which he finally gets his come-uppance) suggests.<br />The character of Maximus is a complete fiction. An honourable man for whom Semper Fi would be the appropriate appellation; he is charged by his beloved emperor Marcus Aurelius essentially to save the empire and restore the Republic (how odd that he receives assistance from a character played by Derek Jacobi, who played the Republican-minded Claudius in I, Claudius); alas, the end of the film leads one to believe that with the death of Commodus, the Republic will be restored.<br />The Republic was never restored. The Empire fell, and anarchy took its place. The Dark Ages in the West ensued, and the Eastern Empire became the Byzantine Empire, leading a decadent and slowly-crumbling existence for another thousand years.<br />But, heroic tales owe nothing to political realities (as most who discern the truth behind modern political campaigning will inform you!) -- this is a tale of honour and the triumph against great odds of virtue.<br />Russell Crowe does an admirable job as Maximus, the Spaniard general turned slave by betrayal, who finally wins his dignity back in the arena in Rome. Joaquin Phoenix does an interesting job as Commodus, both weak and manipulative while being determined and ruthless. Derek Jacobi turns in his usual good acting job, though perhaps he is the wasted element in this film.<br />The cinematography is choppy, particularly in the battle sequences; this is, I am sure, meant to convey the disarray and distraction of battle. I am not sure it succeeds. The dream sequences and 'floating' periods are rather strange, with camera trickery more akin to a music video than an epic film. There are some very well done pieces, though, including the use of colouration to show vibrancy or gloom on the well-done modeling of Rome and the Colloseum.<br />The battle sequences that open the film are well done and realistic with regard to tactics and conditions of the Roman fight against the Germanic tribes. Unlike movies like Spartacus, which highlight some of the marching tactics, or Cleopatra, which shows use of the turtle formation, but doso in relative isolation from surrounding conditions, in Gladiator we get both a sense of the discipline and tactics of the Roman army as well as the difficult conditions under which they were fighting. As one Marine commentator told me, the Romans were often outnumbered by the ferocious Germans, but the discipline and battle tactics of the Romans usually won out because there was unit cohesion and command structure that looked at the larger battle as a whole; whereas the Germans at this period were independent, individual warriors who each, while brave and fierce, saw himself as a leader, and thus did not work together. The Celts often had the same problem.<br />Of course, on the other hand, there were bits of reality that were omitted from the film -- gladiators did indeed become superstars in Rome, more popular than the rulers (of course, that situation happens in modern times, too, where athletes and film stars are often far more popular than political leaders). Gladiators went so far as to endorse products and do much that modern celebrities do, but this was considered 'over the top', and left out of the screenplay.<br />Some judicious editing might make this a great film; as it is, it is a very good film, one that sets a new standard in what was considered a dead (or at least comatose) film genre.o so in relative isolation from surrounding conditions, in Gladiator we get both a sense of the discipline and tactics of the Roman army as well as the difficult conditions under which they were fighting. As one Marine commentator told me, the Romans were often outnumbered by the ferocious Germans, but the discipline and battle tactics of the Romans usually won out because there was unit cohesion and command structure that looked at the larger battle as a whole; whereas the Germans at this period were independent, individual warriors who each, while brave and fierce, saw himself as a leader, and thus did not work together. The Celts often had the same problem.<br />Of course, on the other hand, there were bits of reality that were omitted from the film -- gladiators did indeed become superstars in Rome, more popular than the rulers (of course, that situation happens in modern times, too, where athletes and film stars are often far more popular than political leaders). Gladiators went so far as to endorse products and do much that modern celebrities do, but this was considered 'over the top', and left out of the screenplay.<br />Some judicious editing might make this a great film; as it is, it is a very good film, one that sets a new standard in what was considered a dead (or at least comatose) film genre.
B000069AUI|2.0|Yeah they have some nice melodies here and there and Chris Martin can sing, but it all sounds so drab and pedestrian. This is just a really depressing album, and not depressing in the way of subject matter of the songs but depressing in the way the songs are performed. Each song just slowly drones along, never raising above a whimper, and before you know it you're at track 10 wondering where all the previous track went.
0380778556|5.0|I had to choose a book from a list for a book report for English freshman year and I decided to read this one. Being 15, I was intimidated by the size at first. However, it took me 10 minutes to be wrapped into this novel. I didn't want to put it down! As others have said on this page, there are literally twists and turns until the very last page! It is an amazing book and I will read it again and again until the pages fall out! I encourage anyone who may have this book to choose from for school to read it!
0151008116|5.0|It has been a long time since I've actually read a book that stuck with me so long after I was finished.  It was beautifully written with so much passion pouring out of every page.  I couldn't put it down for 5 minutes without having to pick it back up again to divulge myself into the life of Pi.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who can open their mind to a world that some of us could never even dream of, yet becomes so real that you can see it with your own eyes.
B00003CX8I|4.0|--The Setting--<br />The not-to-distant present. The human race is feeling threatened (perhaps by not having a cold war with a ready-made enemy to vilify) by a new phenomenon - mutant people who possess strange abilities. Are they defects and deformed people? Are they the next step in evolution? Whatever they are (hence the X term), they are a worry to many, particular the senator calling for their registration (a recurrent theme in American sociology - let's register those different from us; let's register known communists, let's register all gun owners, let's register all sex offenders, let's register, hmmm, what's left?).<br /><br />Some of the X people (sorry, the title is gender-inaccurate: not all of the X-men are men) see this as the first step to their imprisonment and irradication, particularly the one named Magneto, who watched his family being herded toward death chambers in Nazi Germany (where they also had a penchant for registration). Magneto decides that this is the final straw, and vows to 'change the minds' of the leaders of the world.<br /><br />On the side of the angels is Xavier, Professor Charles Xavier, powerful telepath, who is both a champion of mutant rights but also a believer in the fundamental goodness of humanity. Thus, we have the classic battle - good and evil. The battle lines are drawn. The forces line up.<br /><br />Behind Magneto, who can control metal objects, either believing in his vision of a corrupt humanity who will do them no good, or simply after the power their powers could afford them, are Toad, a mutant spits toxic goop with his rubbery tongue, Mystique, a basic shape-shifter, and Sabretooth, the 'muscle' every villain.<br /><br />In league with Xavier at his school are Cyclops, a man whose eyes fire laser beams, Storm, who can control the weather, and Jean Grey, who possesses minor telepathic powers and telekinetic abilities.<br /><br />Into the midst of this gathering battle fall Wolverine, a man with heightened senses, quick healing and special implants of metal, and Rogue, a frightened teenaged girl whose touch robs the one she's touching of his or her life force.<br /><br />--The Story--<br />Good versus evil. Who's side are you on? Wolverine and Rogue are nearly abducted by Magneto's forces, saved by Xavier's forces, then (of course) caught once again. There are some clever moments and diversions (what is really going on?), but mostly as a movie inspired by a comic book would be, the plot is predictable. Magneto is out to convince the world leaders that they are wrong to despise and fear the mutants by turning them into mutants. Each of the mutants has a reason to opt for one side or the other in this battle. Each of the X-people have a past, and we get only teasing glimpses of some of them. The good guys win, of course, but it isn't a definitive victory. Of course, you wouldn't expect it to be. This is supposed to be a blockbuster that will spawn sequels for years to come...Overall, this was a fun movie with a good action, a good story, and good effects. I must confess to never having seen the comic books before and being completely ignorant about the characters or plots, so there were no expectations to be dashed. Stewart and McKellen are two of my favourite actors, and they did not disappoint in their roles.<br /><br />My one wish would have been for more background and details - I know they were hoping to leave something for the sequels, but coming in at just over 90 minutes, they surely could have let those of us without a comic book interest in on a little more of the mystery.al, and Rogue, a frightened teenaged girl whose touch robs the one she's touching of his or her life force.     --The Story--  Good versus evil. Who's side are you on? Wolverine and Rogue are nearly abducted by Magneto's forces, saved by Xavier's forces, then (of course) caught once again. There are some clever moments and diversions (what is really going on?), but mostly as a movie inspired by a comic book would be, the plot is predictable. Magneto is out to convince the world leaders that they are wrong to despise and fear the mutants by turning them into mutants. Each of the mutants has a reason to opt for one side or the other in this battle. Each of the X-people have a past, and we get only teasing glimpses of some of them. The good guys win, of course, but it isn't a definitive victory. Of course, you wouldn't expect it to be. This is supposed to be a blockbuster that will spawn sequels for years to come...Overall, this was a fun movie with a good action, a good story, and good effects. I must confess to never having seen the comic books before and being completely ignorant about the characters or plots, so there were no expectations to be dashed. Stewart and McKellen are two of my favourite actors, and they did not disappoint in their roles.     My one wish would have been for more background and details - I know they were hoping to leave something for the sequels, but coming in at just over 90 minutes, they surely could have let those of us without a comic book interest in on a little more of the mystery.
B000002NHN|5.0|I would not be suprised if this is the best CD I will ever have.
0375751513|4.0|THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY has enough going for it to retain its classic status for some time to come.  It is loaded with epigrammic sentences by a writer who continues to hold interest.  Its concept was highly original and has inspired generations of science fiction, fantasy and horror literature since its debut.  Wilde stows a lot of his themes and notes on society and character into its pages, so that it often reads like a stack of dispatches from the late 19th century. The dinner party scenes are priceless. It is certainly worth reading  in order to understand why Dorian Gray has entered our language, so often alluded to.<br />While possessing the above traits, the novel does have its flaws that are more pronounced under the glare of contemporary light.  Wilde's bigotry shows through. Some of the passages are melodramatic and wooden. Dorian Gray's physical beauty is a work of art, and as Wilde says at the outset, all art is useless.  However much he embodies many of Wilde's ideas, he remains rather vapid, even when he is at his most corrupt.  Part of that is due to the fact that many of the actions that condemn him are only spoken of or hinted at.  Mostly we see the highlights, the suicide of a young girl to whom he was unjustly cruel and some subsequent deaths.
6301978137|5.0|First of all. This movie is available on dvd in Brigitte's homeland Denmark. I know, because I have it.<br />Although Brigitte has been trashed down in America her popular status here in europe has always been high.<br />In her ferious movie debut Red Sonja she playes a woman seeking revenge, after queen Gedren kills her family after being rejected by Sonja. And so her journey begins...<br />...she travels trough the wastelands seeking and objecting on the fact that she's on a prowl to kill the queen...<br />...but things don't quit turn out as she's planned, and her once lonely existence turns out to be rich on surprices...<br />Brigitte Stallone Nielsen is ravingly beautiful, and a talented actress as well as singer, despite of what she's been disregarded of, she's a big star.
0688163173|5.0|In this book two marhalls investigate the missing of a patient on the mental institute called: Shutter Island. It's an institute completely cut of the rest of the world. Only the worst go here.<br />That's all you need to know about this book before you read it. It's an awsome psychological thiller. Nothing is what it seems. I recommend you don't read too many review because it will spoil the book in the long run. Best book I've read in a while. Certainly worth 5 stars.
0440237688|4.0|Lois Lowery has done a remarkable job with this book.  She has set up a perfect world where everybody has a place and there is no poverty.  Everybody recieves an education and health care.  there is no crime nor jealousy.  The perfect world... or so it seems.<br />Jonas, the protangonist, reaches the magic age of 12 where he is to be selected for his life's work.  He is selected to be a reciever, the keeper of knowledge and feelings for the entire past.  Jonas learns from his teacher, the giver, that everything is the same without change, ever.  The reader finds out the community doesn't even see color or have true feelings.  Throughout the book, Jonas learns of the terrible secrets of his training and the true cost to the society.  He also learns why there is a reciever and why he is so imporant.<br />Lois Lowery has shown the flip side of utopia.  If all of the bad is removed and most of the good is also removed, what is left?    An empty space.  This is great place to start children thinking about what they think of utopia and then explain what they think utopia is may not be what they really want.  This is very good book and I reccommend it.
B000069AUI|5.0|i'll admit it, i started to like Coldplay because a guy i like told me he liked them and he was listening to some of the somgs one night. so i bought this album. well, i have to say... wow! i love this CD so much, it's one of the things i take on a deserted island. Chris Martin's voice is so beautiful and there's nothing out there that sounds like them. i LOVE this CD and would recommend it to anyone! I can't even pick a favorite song because they are all so good... just buy this CD you won't be sorry.<br />Parachutes (their other CD) is just as good, so i'd recommend you get that too!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|An album that has both Klaus Badelt and Hans Zimmer is guarenteed to be powerful and driving. Pirates is both. <br />It is also incredibly lush and well worth the price. The soundtrack has been eagerly anticipated since I had to go to two bookstores to locate it, and spotted disappointed buyers at the first place -- which didn't have it. <br />Not to be missed are the credits inside with &quot;Music composed by Klaus &quot;Bowsprit&quot; Badelt; Score overproduced by Hans &quot;Long John&quot; Zimmer.&quot;<br />Along with The Time Machine and Gladiator, I think Pirates will be one of my favorites.
B0000508U6|5.0|This CD is remarkable! I can listen to it over and over again and never get tired of it. All the songs are lovely. Chris Martin's voice is great (sexy even). This group is one of the very few groups that can make a love song sound like it was written just for you and they're not cheesy at all (in my opinion anyway). I LOVE this CD and I think you would too.<br />I would buy A Rush of Blood to the Head also... it's just as good.
0385504209|5.0|With apologies to Seabiscuit, this may be the best read of the past year.  Dan Brown exhibits a dramatic flair for the &quot;intelligent mystery&quot;.  The best thing about this book and it's author is that the dialogue or science is never &quot;dumbed down&quot; for the audience.  The highly original premise of this book, when combined with factual groups and real locations, makes for a very compelling read.  If you liked this book, you should check out the authors prior work Angel &amp; Demons.
0156027321|1.0|This was an absolutely awful book.  I fail to see what all the hoopla is about.  It struck me as both shallow and poorly written.
B00007GZR5|5.0|I first saw this movie in the video store on VHS and had never heard of it.  I got it because Robin Williams is my favorite actor. It has turned out to be one of my favorites. I had to watch it on DVD to see the colors in the &quot;painting&quot; when he first reaches heaven. They are fantastic.  I've not yet bought this DVD, but soon will. I thought the whole concept of heaven and hell being what you make it was fantastic. It gives me hope that my heaven will be exactly what I want and that my loved ones will be with me. I highly recommend this movie for anyone. Parts of this movie will bring me to tears every time I watch it. It is a definite tear jerker....
B000088E6D|5.0|I can't express how much I love this album! I've had the chance to watch him perform live (free :D ) lol and of course, he's just as good live as he is on the CD, maybe better! It just proves that this artist is actually capable of singing, not like some of the other &quot;artists&quot; out there who are all about the new technology! Of course, his other albums, Babalu and Dream are great too! I, however, prefer Babalu to Dream... I think it's just that there are a few more upbeat songs on that album, and is just plain fun to listen to! Anyway, Michael Bubl is an AMAZING artist! Buy his CD! GO TO HIS SHOWS!!!
B00004W52U|5.0|I love Operation Ivy, every song on here is great. It's the perfect combo of ska and punk and Jesse is a really great songwriter. If you even claim to like ska or punk, you must have this.
B000067J1H|5.0|FIGHT CLUB is one of my favorite movies of all time. why you ask?.. because it has everything.. great acting, great cast, great story(very inovative). i dont see why this movie had alot of bad reviews when it was realesed in theaters. i think it's maybe because all the film critics that bashed this film are uptight squares who can't see past this movie's over the top concept...<BR>i recomend you to see FIGHT CLUB for yourself, i guarantee you<BR>it will be one of your most memorable movies you'll ever see.
B000001IQH|4.0|This is Rancid's best CD, Every song is amazing. The bass on here is soooo great, just listen to the solo on 'Maxwell murder'. My favorite songs on here are 'Olympia, WA', 'Old friend', 'Lock, step and gone', and 'Time bomb'. If you like Operatioin Ivy, get this since Rancid has 2 opivy members in it. GET THIS!
B00009RGBS|5.0|I originally had no interest in seeing this movie, but I took a chance and I was blown away! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It's funny, fast-paced, the singing and dancing are great, and the artistic quality was wonderful. I ran out and bought the CD immediately and will pre-buy the DVD. Don't miss this film, you will regret it!
B00008WG3U|5.0|with this record NOFX really can be the punk rock icons!
B00000K19E|5.0|there is only one way to describe the matrix, and that is this: bizarre. everyone knows the story, so i won't bore you. this is one of my favorite movies.
B00006JK1R|2.0|Smith was Jones and Jones was Smith again but...  Some said that with MIB I once you saw the trailer, you saw the movie.  But MIB I was a lot of fun.  MIB II was only fun for the first 10 minutes.  I didn't hear a single laugh for the rest of the movie.  There was an ocasional smile, therefore 2 stars instead of 1.  Once the dog character was replaced by tommie Lee jones, the movie just seemed to be a waste there after.  Not recommended.
0790729628|5.0|i want to start off by saying that ridley scott is the man! that said, this is one of the best sci-fi movies out there. with very convincing acting, a moody soundtrack and a story that i still don't understand, it makes for a very engrossing movie. it is a dark, disturbing movie (especially when harrison ford caps darrel hannah and she spazes out on the floor), and i recommend it to anyone who likes movies.
B0000640SB|3.0|Someone once said- This is the movie that is defined by its trailer... Once you have seen the trailer, you have seen the movie.  I think it was me after viewing it for the first time.  I bought this movie on reputation and after a single viewing, was very disappointed.  But upon further review, since friends would request it, the movie grew on me.  The Edger suit bit was just to funny.  The constant interaction between Smith and Jones was fun.  The bit with the morgue doctor... the flashy thing.  <br />In the end, this is a good movie, not great, but recommended.<br />To bad the sequel was bad.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was one of the most promising new shows of the past year, and what happens?  It gets canceled by Fox, the geniuses who canceled both Family Guy and Futurama.<br />Firefly is one of the best science fiction shows to be produced in the past decade, because it refuses to ride the coattails of the sci-fi shows that have come before it.  It relied on its dialogue and characters.  The effects were always secondary (though they were some of the best).  If it weren't for the shortsightedness of Fox, Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel) would easily have had another hit on his hands.<br />I'll be buying this the day it comes out, and wait patiently for the movie.  Here's hoping!
B00003CXAA|5.0|I suppose one could successfully summarize the moral underlying the Godfather saga as being the idea that the wages of sin are death and destruction, but of course the magnificent legend of the Corleone family is much more than that, and is hardly reducible to such a simple interpretation.  Director Francis Ford Coppola is no stranger to the dangers of excess, as a careful screening of his wonderful epic, \\"Apocalypse Now\\" masterfully illustrates. And while Coppola often strays into excess with this three episode story covering a fifty year period, his creative genius in showing how the child becomes father to the man is fleshed out and demonstrated with realistic, flesh and blood characters who remind us all of others we have know.  And it is in this fashion that he threads the moral message of how family and personal history intertwine to trap one into a destiny that both reinterprets and yet again recapitulates the cultural milieu from which it springs.<br />There is also the collective genius of the ensemble cast, an eclectic collection of the rising luminaries of their time, such as the matchless Marlon Brando, having arisen like the Phoenix from the ashes of relative obscurity to reclaim his lost luster and reputation. Of course, Robert DeNiro, playing the young and emerging Godfather, is simply superb, as usual. Given the fact that he is actually Irish, unlike most of the other actors, who have Italian-American heritage, it is even more stunning to watch how masterfully he interprets his role.  There is Al Pacino, a rising star who proved with this part he had the \\"legs\\" to go to a stunning career as a dramatic force all of his own. Also terrific is Andy Garcia, a hotheaded Corleone cousin, illegitimate offspring of Sonny.<br />Then we must add Robert Duvall, who beautifully underplayed his supporting role in two of the segments as the legal advisor to the Godfather, delivering the ominous legend regarding \\"an offer you cannot refuse\\" more than once for his adopted family. There is, too, Coppola's sister, Talia Shire, who went on to further fame as Sly Stallone's ever-faithful main squeeze in the seemingly endless Rocky series, and Diane Keaton, who like Pacino and Shire, is one of the several actors to actually appear in all three films. There is John Cazale, who is a veteran character actor who plays Fredo, the weaker older brother whose character flaws prove to be fatal. The list of wonderful actors involved in this massive nearly twenty-year project just goes on and on.<br />At its base, of course, the author of the best-selling book providing the basis for the original film, Mario Puzo, styled his story around the framework of a Shakespearean tragedy, the way in which young Michael Corleone become ensnared by family and personal circumstances into becoming the Godfather himself.  Coppola uses the story to examine the darker and more tragic of human qualities that lead us so far astray, and the sage becomes a cautionary allegory for the dangers implicit in reaching for power in a corrupt and all too malleable world.  Enjoy!adopted family. There is, too, Coppola's sister, Talia Shire, who went on to further fame as Sly Stallone's ever-faithful main squeeze in the seemingly endless Rocky series, and Diane Keaton, who like Pacino and Shire, is one of the several actors to actually appear in all three films. There is John Cazale, who is a veteran character actor who plays Fredo, the weaker older brother whose character flaws prove to be fatal. The list of wonderful actors involved in this massive nearly twenty-year project just goes on and on.      <br />At its base, of course, the author of the best-selling book providing the basis for the original film, Mario Puzo, styled his story around the framework of a Shakespearean tragedy, the way in which young Michael Corleone become ensnared by family and personal circumstances into becoming the Godfather himself.  Coppola uses the story to examine the darker and more tragic of human qualities that lead us so far astray, and the sage becomes a cautionary allegory for the dangers implicit in reaching for power in a corrupt and all too malleable world.  Enjoy!
B000008B01|5.0|One single remark: THIS IS NOT BOSSA NOVA! It's plainly JOO GILBERTO - you foreigners may not understand it, but the man himself has ALWAYS considered himself a SAMBA player, which means he plays brazilian music, or 'only' music - song n.2 (Undiu) is actually a 'baio', which (theoretically) has nothing to do with samba, like others on this album, but then a baio through zen-budism - Joo GIlberto...    SPEAKING ON BEHALF OF J.G.: PLEASE PAY ATTENTION...and enjoy yourselves: this is not B.N., nor Samba - THIS IS PEACE!    P.S. read J.G.'s notes on GETZ/GILBERTO and you'll know what I'm (actually he is) talking about.
6305252521|5.0|A recommended film that shows the pressure of a person after personal freedom.  Truman behaves like each normal person very naturally and without forced however after that several chances happen,  like the crashing floodlight, he no longer  believes that is all thing normally in his city. He wants out out of his regulated, protected and carefree life.  He wants to be live that a maker before life. He wants to be decide alone and independent over his life.  This film is therefore a wonderful illustration on that freedom urgent of each person.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is a wonderful cd, great for the imagination and the relaxation. It really does tell the story of Pirates of the Caribbean quite well. The movie wouldn't be complete without it. The composer has done a fine job of defining a Pirates fine attributes in this score. He has went for the softer and perhaps more enjoyable side of a Pirate. I recommend this cd for anyone who enjoys being in the midst of adventure and wit. The strong instruments and true and loyal tunes are sure to even bring any lies to truths. Aye Mate!
6305252521|5.0|A recommended film that shows the pressure of a person after personal freedom.  Truman behaves like each normal person very naturally and without forced however after that several chances happen,  like the crashing floodlight, he no longer  believes that is all thing normally in his city. He wants out out of his regulated, protected and carefree life.  He wants to be live that a maker before life. He wants to be decide alone and independent over his life.  This film is therefore a wonderful illustration on that freedom urgent of each person.
B00006690G|5.0|This is the best CD ive ever had. I think that it is his best work yet.He's a genius and this cd proves it. I love each and every one of the songs on there, not to metion that he made a Fantastic movie and that just made it better. All in all it say that this is the best Cd so far.
6305252521|3.0|A recommended film that shows the pressure of a person after personal freedom.  Truman behaves like each normal person very naturally and without forced however after that several chances happen,  like the crashing floodlight, he no longer  believes that is all thing normally in his city. He wants out out of his regulated, protected and carefree life.  He wants to be live that a maker before life. He wants to be decide alone and independent over his life.  This film is therefore a wonderful illustration on that freedom urgent of each person.
0553293397|3.0|Asimov is best when working with a fresh set of characters and I think that is what is so appealing with the Foundation series: The characters were constantly changing through the course of the books timeline.  In Naked Sun we see the return of detective Bailey and his Robot sidekick and must endure 50 or so pages of getting the audience up to speed.  Of course I hunger to learn more of the developments that occured in Caves of Steel, but obviously for those who have not read the book those character developments would reveal too much of the plot and ruin it for the new reader.  Therefore we are left hanging on some plot threads as Bailey heads out to Solaris in search of another plot to solve.  <br />The second half of the book is quite appealing as Asimov makes great social commentary about America and its need for privacy and automation of life.  I found myself engulfed in lives that appeared wonderful but at the same time quite strange and flawed. <br /> The book was completely engrossing until the very end where Asimov pulls out all the cliche's including the &quot;get everyone in the room to reveal the crime&quot; senario.  Agatha Christie this is not, and too bad Asimov ended the book with that tired old senario. On top of that, suddenly everyone in that room is a bunch of quirky characters with the crime solved by Baily who appears extrodinarily competent as compared to the first book which made him far more human and fallible.  On top of that Bailey acts as judge, jury and executioner and this is completely out of line for his character despite his newfound character development that Asimov weaves into this story to justify his ridiculous actions.  Finally, the didactic speech at the end of the story from Baily was disappointing.  I felt Asimov was just blowing off steam to end the book rather than finding his usual clever means of making social commentary.  <br />Caves of Steel was brilliant because of its social commentary and the fresh originality brought into the detective story.  Naked sun feel stiff and a bit tired but it is still, despite my problems with the book, a decent read, but it is NO Caves of Steel.
0805053883|4.0|When I first started buying children's books for my twins, I was doing it more for me than for them since I knew I'd be the one re-reading it all the time.  This was a fantastic book that everyone in my family really enjoys.  My girls love to hear the animal sounds as I read about the zoo animals & they love looking at Eric Carle's brilliant illustrations.  It also keeps their attention, which trust me, isn't easy at 10 months old.  I have a feeling that this will be a treasured book for years to come.
0316666343|4.0|A book that is gentle enough to deal with a sensitive topic, but strong enough to write it well.  The Lovely Bones will keep you spellbound while touching on the nerves of raw human emotion.  Reading this made me appreciate the people in my life.  It will touch you deeply.
B00005JL7Q|2.0|If you enjoy watching a tormented little boy watch his weird mother suffer with depression, get made fun of at school and only have some adult guy as his friend, this movie is for you.  If you want an up beat feel good kind of movie.. keep searching.  It was just sad and very very very very very long.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|Assuming that Disney was the proprietor and charged enterprise involved in producing this CD, I am extremely disappointed. Neither Klaus Badelt, nor Hans Zimmer deserve such pathetic fidelity. You will find that on the high amplitudes (singularly the entire CD)the dissonance and utter bedlam caused by poor recording quality destroys one's listening pleasure. I am disappointed. I was looking forward to this CD, and was thoroughly disheartened by Disney. Any and all are admonished from buying any Disney labels. Otherwise, if you change you audio equalizer settings from 30-500 Hz to nix, then you might have a decent soundtrack. I do pray that Klaus Badelt will be irate enough to effect something of this.
B00004XQP4|4.0|This CD is made up of several great songs, but most are not as good as on their other CDs and it is too short(their shortest yet).Nothing special at the beginning, but the end ROCKS<BR>1.Warning-I was jaded b4 I got the CD because I have heard this song so much.Good at the beginning, but it gets old.7/10<BR>2.Blood,Sex,and Booze-Good, but nothing special 7/10<BR>3.Church on Sunday- again, good, but nothing special 7/10<BR>4.Fashion Victim-The music isn't great, but I love the lyrics 8/10<BR>5.Castaway-One of the better songs on the CD 9/10<BR>6.Misery-Where did this come from???I don't particularly like it(its as anti-punk as possible), but its catchy 6/10<BR>7.Deadbeat Holiday-Great Song,never gets old(one of my favorite quotes from the CD is from this song-\\"Your oldest allies are your long lost enemies\\")10/10<BR>8.Hold On-Good song,but not their best 8/10<BR>9.Jackass-Good,catchy song, but again not one of their best(has another great quote-\\"To know you is to hate you, so lovin you must be like suicide\\")8/10<BR>10.Waiting-One of Green Day's best ever(top 5 at least) 10/10<BR>11.Minority-Green Day's best ever 10/10<BR>12.Macy's Day Parade-great finishing song 9/10
B000023VR6|5.0|After Dr. Dre dropped the sorry presents album he came back with an attitude with hot fire guests like Snoop, Em, Kurupt, Hittman, Six-Two, Xzibit, Ms. Roq, Knoc-Turn'al, Mary J. Blige, Rell,MC Ren, Time Bomb and Nate Dogg this album but Dre back in to the game. I loved this album all of the songs were perfectly produced but I'm not saying it to be on his nuts but he is the best producer out there. The Intro bought the low riders back in style. The Watcher brought back his Death Row gangsta image from 1995. F_ You was one of those songs that you could do a lot of things with and Devin made a good appearance. Still Dre bought his clean image out from the sequel to nuthin' but a G thang. Big Ego's with Hittman and a funny a_ interlude told about how the Ego gets you killed Xxplosive which was Royce Da 5'9\\"s written song was another 1992 sound. What's the differnce bought a millenium sound 2 it and Em was crazy in that song. Bar One was a funny skit. Light Speed was one of the tracks that you could've put Biggie on. It had a Bad Boy  2 it. Forgot about Dre was a fast paced song for 2000 which really put EMinem on the map. The Next Episode Pt. 2 was tighter than the original verson that was cut from Doggystyle. Let's Get High bought a little back from the Chronic 1. B_ N_s was one of Dre's hard songs off a touchy beat. The Car Bomb a stupid skit. Murder Ink bought back memories of N.W.A. Ed-Ucation Eddie Griffin made me pee my pants laughing. Some L.A. N_s was hot but MC Ren should've flowed. Pause 4 Porno speaks for itself. Housewife a boring track but hot with a tight interlude. Ackrite Hittman's solo put him down. Bang Bang also bought back N.W.A. days. The Message a great deep song. Dre has so much to look forward to he's gonna die a  producer He's got an album Detox with Eminem, 50 Cent on over half the tracks, Snoop Dogg, N.W.A., and Eve. Don't expect 2 see Kurupt and possibly Obie Trice, Jay-z Rakim and Truth Hurts., Also an N.W.A. album (hopefully). I hope u sign Ice Cube 2 Aftermath!, 1
0393057658|5.0|For close to a decade, baseball Commissioner-for-life Bud Selig has been wailing and gnashing his teeth over the 'fact' that only the richest teams have any hope of winning.  After all, look at how well the Yankees do...the game's all about money, now.  Except for those pesky Oakland Athletics.  Despite one of the smallest payrolls in the majors, Oakland has been one of the best teams in baseball over the past five years.  How can this be?<br />Michael Lewis explains the art of winning baseball Billy Beane style, with a book that's as beautifully written as it is informative.  Lewis has a gift for prose that makes this nonfiction work read like a page-turning novel.  His review of Oakland's transition from a traditional team to the standard-bearer for a new breed of baseball is a must read for anyone with the slightest interest in how a business can take advantage of their competitors through a better understanding of the game.<br />In other words, Moneyball isn't just for baseball fans, although they'll certainly love it.  Billy Beane has brought the business equivalent of asymmetrical warfare to baseball, and Lewis's telling of the tale can help anyone involved in business.  Are there necessarily always holes like those Beane exploited in baseball in every line of work?  Probably not, but learning how to look for them is still a valuable skill for anyone.<br />As for baseball fans, the details Lewis unveils alone make this book worth the price of admission.  Among the recounting of how Oakland succeeds, Lewis weaves a net of the short stories that make baseball such a wonderful game.  And he's even given away the most basic secrets of how any General Manager can make their team better, if only your local nine will take the hint.
B000000XB9|3.0|I was dissapointed with the quality of the recordings in this album.  They sound flat and tinny and the vocals don't move me like a lot of better recorded versions i have heard.
B00004Y2QT|5.0|Prince's talent and charisma, that is.  His genius really shines in this New Year's Eve 1999 performance; it almost isn't possible to get your mind wrapped around his capabilities they're so stellar.<BR>The hidden gem of the concert is easily a blues take off of Red House (re-done as Purple House - natch).  Prince's vocal and guitar solo are nothing short of spectacular.<BR>If you love Funk, and you love His Royal Badness - BUY THIS!  If you're not a Prince fan yet - YOU WILL BE!
B0000399WI|5.0|You would think that a film about a prison break would be boring, straight foward and make a very drab film but this was made very well. It's a story of unity with certain inmates and how tough prison life is especially when you've been sent down for murder without even lifting a finger. Shawshank redemption is probably one of the more empathic films i have seen the acting is perfect throughout and there are quite a few twists that get you more and more intrigued as the film goes on. The film has a great ending aswell after Red had spent all those years in prison then says what he feels and gets accepted parole and is set free then meets up with Andy (maybe i should'nt have mentioned the ending) well it's obvious that they get free anyway. Andy gets beaten up many times in prison by a group of men called the sisters who feel they have to beat him up as he's different in the way he looks, acts, walks and everything at the prison. The main guys in charge are corrupt, facist and bent in almost every way imaginable which makes the ending even sweeter. So buy this if you want a widely acclaimed, lucid film that your almost bound to like.
0071373586|2.0|\\"Positioning\\" is a book written to appeal to the then burgeoning \\"marketing professional\\" a job description that I do not believe was well separated from advertising as of yet. Therefore, \\"positioning\\" caters to people who are involved in the selling of products and services, but that do not necessarily have any formal training in psychology. Although some of the bases of the theory of perception and memory are inherent in the concept presented as \\"positioning\\", the theoretical underpinning are not explored at all, and the authors either do not know about them, or make no effort to demonstrate they do, which in a way undermines the effectiveness of the contents of the book. This happens because, due to the lack of any theoretical basis for the concepts the authors claim to be effective, the book becomes a series of anecdotes that have not withheld the passing of time very well. This would not matter if there was some theoretical backing for the arguments presented, but leaving the whole support of the ideas to anecdotes from \\"successful\\" companies that have (in most cases unconsciously) applied the concept of positioning makes the book very weak after 20 years.<br />\\"Positioning\\" also falls for the logical trap of presenting all ideas as directives, and then copping out by establishing that, if it doesn't work, it must be the marketing practitioner's fault. The last chapter mentions that \\"To be successful at positioning, you have to have the right mental attitude... This requires patience, courage, and strength of character\\". Therefore, if the \\"positioning\\" strategy fails, it is your fault, not the concepts. Also, the examples that are not success stories are presented ambiguously enough to leave unclear whether the \\"directions\\" should be followed or not, but there are enough straightforward instructions to make you feel like the concept is foolproof, and that any failures in applying the techniques marked as \\"winners\\" are through the marketing manager's fault, notthat the concept might be incomplete.  The book is not without merit, since it does approach the subject quite clearly and concisely, and does give an approximation to a concept that is well known and well researched by now. <br />It is a shame that an interesting subject and an interesting topic is presented in such an unrewarding and unchallenging manner.
B00006879E|5.0|Maroon 5 is an instant addiction. Their great beats and Guitar riffs fit together so well that every song is instantly stuck in your head. And lets not forget the amazing vocals and lyrics. as with most new band, i was skeptical buying their cd. but as soon as i heard the first 2 songs i knew i was hooked. there's nothing else out there like maroon 5. i've had their cd a week, know all the words already, and cant wait for the second album. BUY IT!
B00005JM09|5.0|I loved this movie, although it was good to see Arnold be bad for a minute, I liked him best in the 1st one. He's better evil, but he's still really top notch good guy. Kristanna Loken is the best, sexy, strong and I was just completely blown away. I didn't know how Terminator could beat her. With a new actor as John Connor, and a Claire Danes as the girl for him. She looked kinda old to be his girlfriend, but she just looks older then she is. This movie was top notch. See it!! And don't wright reviews about what you think will happen or think about it if you haven't seen it.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is an amazing debut album from an artist destined for greatness.  Those who have seen him live in NYC and now elsewhere can attest to his proficiency as a singer, songwriter and musician.  He'll blow you away.  Not easily categorized, Gavin's sound runs across various classifications.  His sweet ballads like \\"Follow Through\\" are haunting and fresh.  Some would say a modern Billy Joel type.  But Gavin has a harder edge as well that he shows off in songs like \\"Chariot\\".  His songs display his often mentioned interest in classic rock, pop, and soul.  When playing full tilt, he and his band are absolutely electrifying.  For example, the autobiographical \\"I Don't Wanna Be\\" is a hard driving anthem to remaining true to yourself in a world of gimmicks and poseurs.  No worry about gimmicks here.  Gavin is the real thing.  He writes 'em and he plays 'em and he sings 'em.  As Carson Daly said when introducing Gavin's first television appearance, \\"Get to know Gavin DeGraw.\\"
B00005B4GU|5.0|whoever said &quot;still not ok computer&quot; doesnt understand the essence of radiohead. ok computer was great, but why try and re-accomplish it? Radiohead has to move on and evolve. They are not defined by one album (as someother reviewer put it). They are defined by the way they can soar through any genre and still pull it off, they are defined by the emotions that they provoke through just sounds and lyrics. in my opinion this album is better than kid a. Almost every song on here is a masterpiece in its self. Kid a, i felt, only had 3 or 4 great songs. this album has 9, the remake of morning bell was uneccesary. In 5-10 years from now i hope that this album is more highly regarded than it is now. buy it, and listen to it with an open mind.
B00003CY6M|4.0|When I first saw this movie on it's release I was afraid it was going to fall into the usual cliched romance genre, but was more than pleasantly suprised.<br />It's a simple story, very well padded out, that delivers (I feel) more than it ever set out to do. John Cusack meets Kate Beckinsale briefly with more than a touch of Kismet, and as they agree to part company he writes his number on a $5 bill, and she writes hers inside a semi-notable book. The premis being that if they should somehow discover each others contact details at sometime in the future, then \\"fate\\" has stepped in and given them a clear message that they should be together. Time passes and as they each go their own way, and begin new lives with their respective partners, they still feel inexplicably drawn to keep searching for each other, on the grounds that they could \\"just be\\" soul mates. As implausible as the story seems, it unfolds very well with some very poignant moments, as well as comic (if a little unrealistic) scenes thrown in for good measure. You won't need an IQ of 145 to figure out how it's all going to end, but it gently jogs the viewer along, and never really gives up until the last. An underlying, and very well acted subplot (almost) to all of this is, that there are winners and losers - when two people are meant it seems for each other in such a way (if you believe in fate or karma, or whatever)then they are inevitably people on the other side of the fence who lose out. The movie is tempered with brevity and shows this well without ever being conceited or preachy, and the end result is a joy to watch. This is also a fairly durable movie for rewatching, and the DVD has some nice (if not remarkable) extras to add to the value. There's no real sex, violence, bad language or other and it is a nice reminder of an older style of romantic comedy, brought up to date. Good fun allround - I thoroughly recommend.
B00004XONN|4.0|its amazing how much a group can change and still remain amazing, it seems no matter what radiohead does it is compelling. Many people complain about how radiohead shouldnt have changed their style. But people change and so does the music they make, you have to give thom yorke and the boys artistic room, let them do what they like. This album contains two of the best radiohead songs ever, &quot;everything in its right place&quot; and &quot;idioteque&quot;. Buy this album and let it breath.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Wowww! I rushed to buy this album as soon as I knew it was released, and after a month, I can analyse my impression and tell that I'm really delighted because I hadn't heard such a great album since OK Computer. In addition, there is little left in it about the sinister and agonic atmosphere of Kid A and Amnesiac. Instead, they manage to make progress of their electronic sound and use so beautiful tunes like \\"Sail to the moon\\" or \\"Scatterbrain\\" at the same time. On the other hand, Hail to the thief shows itself in some songs as a sequel of the earlier albums, and this can be found in the track \\"Where I end and you begin\\", for example. Although I also like the style of the two previous records, this one is better, in my opinion. Nevertheless, it is obvious that this band has changed during the last ten years. <BR>\\"2 +2 = 5\\" is undoubtedly one of my favourites. By contrast, I can't say the same about \\"Sit down, Stand up\\", which is good, but doesn't deserve to be the second. \\"Sail to the moon\\" is really brilliant, which recovers the sound of OK Computer. We can find afterwards \\"Backdrifts\\", a very strange song and similar to some Amnesiac tracks. \\"Where I end and you begin\\" is one of the greatest songs of this new musical phase, and the same can be said about \\"There, There\\". Considering all this, the album, which is in my opinion the best of the year, seems a mix of musical styles and the result is quite gorgeous, so you neither will be disappointed if you like the new electronic style nor if you prefer the guitars and tunes of OK Computer.
B000092ZYX|5.0|ok, this is not radiohead's best album ever. But it is the best album of the year. Radiohead has very high standards, so everyone expects something before every release. But with radiohead they are always changing, so u cant expect anything.But some of the songs on this album are radiohead's best ever. The only song i have yet to appreciate is \\"we suck young blood\\". But every other song on here is great in my opinion. Hail to Radiohead, the best band in the world.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Man, i really cant put how great this new artist is in words, i first heard him on Carson Daily's Last Call, playing &quot;Chariot&quot;...and thought wow, his style, his lyrics, his vocal and piano abilities are unreal, so i went to his site, sampled more of his stuff and thought wow, i was right, this guy is good. When I buy albums, 90% of the time, u have like your hits, maybee a few other songs that are good and thats it, well with Gavin, he writes all his stuff and not once have i heard a song that wasnt good. I give this album 5 stars, and plan on seeing this guy more often, cause hes gonna be big!
B000002UJQ|5.0|In a recent book, called &quot;virgin records top 1000 albums of all time&quot; (or something like that), this album was ranked at #4 of all time. So how could you not give this album 5 stars when it is recognized as top 5 greatest of all time only 5 or 6 years after its release. This album shows the very beginnings of radioheads plunge into experimental music. &quot;fitter, happier&quot; shows their interest with the bizzare. &quot;paranoid android&quot; &quot;airbag&quot; and &quot;subterranean homesick alien&quot; are my favorite songs off of this album. the third being my favorite. it is impossible for me to chose a favorite radiohead album, but if i had to chose, this might be it. buy it now, a masterpiece.
B0000714B5|1.0|Since your initial desire to see this film is because you fell in love, as I did, and countless millions, with Hesse's novel, there is no need to go over the plot.  Having waited for so long for this film to make it to DVD, I was immensely disappointed, even a little peeved, when I finally got to sit down and watch it.  Here's why:  Although the film was beautifully shot, great cinematography does not a good film make.  All of the scenes are flat and utterly fail to capture even the slightest essence of what Hesse sublimely achieved in the book.  As the writer of the screenplay, Conrad Rooks missed the boat entirely.  For example, when Siddhartha confronts his father about striking out on his own, the scene is this quick ping-pong typ of edit between the father and son; it's over in a flash and you get no idea about the struggle or the love that either one feels.  No dramatic tension, no cost, and hence no pay-off whatsoever.  One of the most beautiful moments in the book is when Siddhartha meets Kamala at her palace.  Again, 99.9% of the essence of the scene Hesse created is just omitted or forgotten by Rooks and the actors in his film.  And the dialog that is in the script seems like it was just lifted haphazardly from the novel, without any true understanding from either the director or the actors about what it means or what's truly going on.  Flat, flat, flat!Unfortunately, the film gets no help from the actors.  Sashi Kapoor as Siddhartha seems lost (as the actor) and utter lifeless.  And there was absolutely no chemistry between him and the actress playing Kamala.  The only scene that even gets close is when Siddhartha meets the Buddha in the forest -- and the wonder of that scene is achieved from the voiceover Buddha, who you do not even see on the screen.  The music in the film is very good however, but again, that is just not enough.  Sadly, the weakest links in the film are the director, his screenplay, uninspiring actors and an inability to direct those actors.  In the end, Conrad Rooks' Siddhartha is a major disappointment.  A remake that does Hesse's book justice is long overdue, and I do not recommend it.  I feel that Bertolucci's &quot;Little Buddha&quot; with Keanu Reeves as the historic Siddhartha (Gotama) fully achieved and captured the beauty, mystery and transcendence that is on the spiritual journey.
B00008S2VG|4.0|I'm not a huge Madonna fan.  In fact, I pretty much only know what I hear on the radio, but I have actually borrowed her last two CDs from the library.  May as well see what all the fuss is about, right?  Well, unlike some in the non-fan camp, I won't deny that some of her stuff is fine, listenable, catchy pop.  I didn't bother to tape any of it, and it's not as though I'm going to rush out to check out the rest of the Madonna-oeuvre.  But I played AMERICAN LIFE several times and grew to like a lot of it.<br />Of the two releases, I've had a chance to check out, I prefer this new one.  The rad-chic photos on the cover have prompted some derision out there: they don't particularly bother me--hey, everybody used to do that in the 60s.  Madonna, I gather, likes to view herself as a cultural revolutionary of sorts.  Maybe so. I wouldn't know.  Or maybe it's just a fashion statement, and eventually, she'll tire of her fatigues.<br />As Bond themes go, Madonna's aces McCartney's.  But it's the introspective numbers that dominate here.  And this is what seems to be bothering the fans, near as I can tell.  Yes, it's true, Madonna's ruminations are what you might expect to stumble across in a particularly sensitive teenager's diary.  But what's so bad about that?  Teens have traditionally formed the core of her audience, although maybe less so these days.  Moreover, when you've lived almost your entire life in \\"a bubble\\" and \\" a fuzzy dream,\\" which anyone would have to admit is the price of fame, is there any way you can avoid entering a premature second childhood.  Reflective adolescence is a kind of progress after that.<br />While the lyrics here may not be exactly poetry, they're a significant improvement over most of those on MUSIC.  (I'm surprised that not everyone agrees with this premise. It seems so obvious.)  Her last CD was full of lines that were apparently meant to be so bad they were good (\\"I like to singy, singy, singy/Like a bird on the wingy-wingy-wingy...\\"),but in reality, they were just kinda dumb.  Here she's digging a bit deeper, it seems.  Sometimes, as with the final track, \\"Easy Ride,\\"  it pans out to be more than mere fool's gold.  Good for her and her co-horts.<br />The other problem people seem to have with this record is that they just don't want to hear a superstar whine about the shallowness of her existence etc.  Well, what else are they gonna whine about?  \\"In Hollywood\\" is a fairly gentle slap in the face of a town that has not treated Madge particularly well in recent years.  On the other hand, she's not exactly writing 'em off and storming out the door, because you never know, a decent script could still come along.<br />Anyone who particularly likes this album should check out Madonna's one-time contemporary and (so the press insisted) rival Cyndi Lauper's most recent work.  It's not so dissimilar in theme and attitude.  And Cyndi still has that powerful voice.  Try the indie effort SHINE or her last few SONY efforts, particularly SISTERS OF AVALON.  Fans of the experimental side of Lady Madonna's music, should also check out artists like Kate Bush and maybe even Nico.  It's time to start digging a bit, friends.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|Is Cameron Crowe a genius or what?  Not only has he brought us the likes of 'Singles' and 'Jerry Maguire' (I'm forgiving him 'Vanilla Sky'), and now 'Almost Famous'.  I have had this movie on VHS for a couple years and had been wanting to buy it on DVD when I saw that this 'Bootleg' version had been released.  I now own it and must say it is well worth the price (if you like the movie, that is).  I thoroughly enjoyed watching the 'Director's Cut' of the movie...I couldn't believe how much stuff was added - you definitely get a lot more insight into some of the characters.  The cast is great - Kate Hudson and Frances McDormand are brilliant - I also really like Jason Lee's character, he's good for a lot of the movie's laughs.  Not to mention the soundtrack to this movie is great, although I know a lot of the movie's best songs are not on the soundtrack CD (the one that stood out for me was Elton John's 'Mona Lisas &amp; Mad Hatters' - not on the CD).  With the bootleg version of this DVD you get both versions of the movies (theatrical release and director's cut), a Stillwater CD with 5 or 6 previously unreleased songs on it and lots of bonus features, including an interview with the real Lester Bangs (portrayed by Philip Seymour Hoffman, who is excellent).  If you like this movie you would love the insight that this DVD brings!  GET IT!
B00005176F|4.0|ill give the &quot;best&quot; of blur cd 4 stars, even though the first 3 albums that oasis (blurs counterpart) released all get 5 stars. i don't know why anyone ever compared the bands side by side, oasis makes blur look like a garage band.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This series, was an expirement, and in a way a succesful one.  It was to see if Joss Whedon would have a career away from Buffy.  And boy can he, althouth (unlike most) he should stick to the smaller stations.<br />The show itself is about a rag-tag team of space luders, and the wacky adventures they have.  It has all of the same heart, feeling, love, and writing of Buffy but in a completely different universe.<br />Only though the show only had 14 episodes, it was still a great romp in the wacky mind of Joss Whedon.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is one good soundtrack! I saw the movie on the day it opened, and was blown away by the amazing score. I've been hopping up and down with anticipation for the day it would come out.<br />Well, it's out, and I've listened to it 3 times already.<br />It's fun, moving, faintly spine-chilling and everything in between! I was suprised at the very modern bits in it, but that makes it even move unique. It also has some beautiful celtic style themes in it, along with the classical music you'd expect in a movie score. Very<br />inspiring.
B00005JKN9|2.0|Meh.  This is a painfully heavyhanded, broadly played, on-the-nose, over-the-top dud.  Scorsese just can't help himself, can he?  I recall reading reviews of this film which concentrated on Daniel Day Lewis's supposedly delicious turn as a villain -- but his role was one of the central weak points the film, and was, in all honesty, just a rehash of the same old, tired, badguy schtick that Robert DeNiro does with equally belabored relentlessness.  Anyway, a potentially fascinating story -- of the outlandishly violent, corrupt gangs that ran New York City in the later 1800s -- is ruined by Scorsese's blunt, pointlessly aggressive direction and a remarkably unsubtle script.  You can practically hear him goading the actors on keep \\"giving more\\" and indulging their hammiest impulses.  Thus, the film is drowned in a deluge of overly-obvious violence, cheap melodrama and garish visual design.  If done right, this could have been a masterpiece.  As is, it's a real stinker.  Wish I'd skipped it.
B00008NG5V|3.0|Hawaiann born surfer/musician Jack Johnson had a great deal of success with the release of his debut album, Brushfire Fairytales, based strictly on word of mouth. Now his sophomore album, On & On, is doing the exact same thing. With mellow & thought provoking songs over acoustic guitar backdrops, this is definetly a work of art not to be missed.<br />The best song is easily \\"Tomorrow Morning\\", but other must listens include \\"The Horizon Has Been Defeated\\", \\"Dreams be Dreams\\", \\"Times like these\\" & \\"Cupid\\". Johnson's unique approach in thought and musical direction is very admirable, and his attack on our corrupt society comes off fantastically on \\"Cookie Jar\\".<br />The only problem with this disc, is that the songs sound very much alike, especially the background music. He never raises his voice above a soft whisper, but I guess thats for the dramatic effect of the album. You would be foolish to pass on this release, I highly recommed it.
B00005JM1Y|4.0|In my review of Bruce Dessau's biography on Rowan Atkinson, I mentioned how the comedian alienated many Brits and critics with the overbaked-by-Hollywood Bean movie.  Well, he has triumphed with the James Bond spoof Johnny English.  If this movie isn't enough to convince his countrymen that he is going back to his roots, nothing will.  I, being an humble Anglophilic American, am convinced and cheer him on.<br />After all British special agents are assassinated, it's up to Johnny English, originally an ungainly desk jockey whose closest work in espionage involved handing agents their mission files.  This is a chance for him to fulfill his dream of being a suave agent, and he is chosen by Pegasus, the code name of the MI7 director, to protect the Crown Jewels at a party held by Pascal Sauvage, a Frenchman who has designed many prisons in Europe.  Well, guess what happens?  Oh, he meets and falls for Lorna Campbell, played by Natalie Imbruglia.  Their second meeting at a sushi shop is hilarious.<br />He is assisted in this by Bough, his harried co-worker.  Much of the gags involve gadgets misfiring under English's handling them.  Others involve English's bumbling at the expense of other people.  While tracking down the perpetrators in a sham hearse, he mistakenly follows a real hearse en route to the cemetery.  He terrorizes the mourners, even the widow.  Fortunately, by the time he realizes his mistake, Bough rescues him in time by making everyone think English is an escaped mental patient who was accidentally released early--\\"his release date is 2028.\\"  English catches on and not only feigns a mental case, he even utters indistinct guttural sounds that left me smiling.<br />Rowan Atkinson plays the title character in a more reserved manner.  There are none of the high impact facial aerobics that carried the Bean movie more than the story.  However, the funniest sequence involves Johnny English doing a funky dance and jamming to Abba's \\"Does Your Mother Know.\\"  And a poopoo joke is actually quite funny.<br />John Malkovich has the most thankless role as Pascal Sauvage, affecting an exaggerated French accent and sporting bad hair and unappealing makeup.  Then again, this is Rowan's second starring vehicle, so what else can we say?<br />And pretty Natalie Imbruglia (Lorna) proves she's just as good an actress as she is a singer.  Then again, she starred in The Neighbors soap opera in her native Australia.  Her slender figure, pointed chin, and raven black hair really highlight her competent, unruffled performance.<br />Veteran British actors Tim Piggott-Smith (Pegasus) and Oliver Ford Davies (the Archbishop) appear, the latter having some really humiliating moments, including the tattoo gag lifted from The Naked Gun 2.5.<br />The laughs are in the vein of Black Adder, i.e. the best laid plans of mice and English, and Fawlty Towers-like misunderstandings and mishaps rather than the silent comedy of Mr. Bean.  There is an in-joke in the movie.  This movie is touted as a James Bond spoof, right?  Well, there is a Bond that appears in this film--four of them.  I'm of course referring to the female techno/classical string quartet Bond, who play their tune \\"Kismet\\" at Sauvage's soiree.<br />At one point in this movie, Johnny says resignedly, \\"I'm a spent force.\\"  That's not the case with Rowan Atkinson, who comes up with a nice winner and showing that's he's a tried and true Englishman, to Queen and country, to the core.  Those who are turned off the juvenile mugging of Austin Powers and want something less loud, less gross, and more reserved, Johnny English is just the ticket.poopoo joke is actually quite funny.<br />John Malkovich has the most thankless role as Pascal Sauvage, affecting an exaggerated French accent and sporting bad hair and unappealing makeup.  Then again, this is Rowan's second starring vehicle, so what else can we say?<br />And pretty Natalie Imbruglia (Lorna) proves she's just as good an actress as she is a singer.  Then again, she starred in The Neighbors soap opera in her native Australia.  Her slender figure, pointed chin, and raven black hair really highlight her competent, unruffled performance.<br />Veteran British actors Tim Piggott-Smith (Pegasus) and Oliver Ford Davies (the Archbishop) appear, the latter having some really humiliating moments, including the tattoo gag lifted from The Naked Gun 2.5.<br />The laughs are in the vein of Black Adder, i.e. the best laid plans of mice and English, and Fawlty Towers-like misunderstandings and mishaps rather than the silent comedy of Mr. Bean.  There is an in-joke in the movie.  This movie is touted as a James Bond spoof, right?  Well, there is a Bond that appears in this film--four of them.  I'm of course referring to the female techno/classical string quartet Bond, who play their tune \\"Kismet\\" at Sauvage's soiree.<br />At one point in this movie, Johnny says resignedly, \\"I'm a spent force.\\"  That's not the case with Rowan Atkinson, who comes up with a nice winner and showing that's he's a tried and true Englishman, to Queen and country, to the core.  Those who are turned off the juvenile mugging of Austin Powers and want something less loud, less gross, and more reserved, Johnny English is just the ticket.
B00008NG5V|5.0|from the very first chords of &quot;times like these&quot; to its seemingly peaceful finale, you can tell that jack johnson has done something very special.  he's able to craft simple melodies and sing-alongable lyrics into a formula that leaves the listener not only awestruck, but with the desire to pick up a surfboard to feel the type of rush and emotion that jack gets out of the sport.  jack seems to get something out the music he creates, instead of only the listener feeling its effects.  he gets a reminder that he didn't set out to become a surf-folk hero, but that's the way the wave crashed.  <br />so, with much appreciation, i thank jack for his beautiful work.
B00005Q4CS|3.0|I am not interested in the drug culture or movies that dramatize it. This movie while highly praised by most reviewers left me cold. Ellen Burstyn's perfomance as an elderly diet pill addict while excellent is not something that I go to the movies to see. Jared Leto was unmemorable. Marlon Wayans was good but I liked him better in \\"Don't Be A Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood.\\" Now that was an entertaining movie-going experience. The achingly beautiful Jennifer Connelly is completed wasted in this movie. Her performance as a junkie who sinks into prostitution to support her habit is excellent. My real complaint is with director Aronofsky. The \\"genius\\" auteur Aronovsky put Connelly's unique talent in a sexual role; he demeans her with a disgusting lesbian sex-show scene but doesn't even give the viewer a glimpse of Connelly's beautiful breasts. Hubert Selby, the author of the book upon which this movie is based has a cameo role as prison guard which would have ruined the movie for movie if ten other things hadn't already ruined the movie for me.
1878424319|5.0|I'm writing this review because I was surprised that there were any negative responses to it.  It may be simple but, it is by far and away very powerful in it's message.  If you take these simple principles to light you can truly amazing results in your life.  I guess (just as the book explains) it is all about your perspective.
0679720200|5.0|This is THE favorite book of mine! Read it, and re-read it many times! Some translations didn't make, the first few sentences for me. I like old version<BR> &quot;...Mother  died today. Ot it was yesterday...&quot;. Not &quot;...Mammon died etc...&quot; Nevertheless, older translation pictured disfuctional young Meursault in more familiar light. There He is standing, eating (eggs, without bread) out of skillet over the sink. Lighting up the cigarette. Standing on the balcony, watching people walk by. Nothing else to do. <BR>  Simlar work as Dostoyevski's &quot;Crimes...&quot; but it doesn'r colapse on the end like &quot;Crimes&quot;.  They do not write books like this anymore.
0780020685|2.0|Since I liked The magnificent Seven, I had long for this movie for a long time. The time had come and I was totally bored. Who says this is the greatest movie and Kurosawa is the greatest movie maker? Picking up one would be very difficult but probably I will pick Godfather instead. I know there are many Kurosawa admirers but I always found his directing is kind of 'clumsy', weird pace-not smooth, over the top acting (here, esp. Mifune...a clown).  I hate his black/white shooting although I love Black/White filmes. Yojimbo was the only movie I enjoyed from his movies. Too bad...
6300151425|5.0|This is the excellent making of show that is on the Labryinth DVD release no need to pay silly collectors price for it!
B00008RH1H|2.0|Strangely, most of the movies by Kurosawa just didn't click with me. Only exception is Yojimbo. I was disappointed with Seven Samurai too. I like his style of exploring chracters and conflict but Throne of blood was just OK. <BR>As a movie lover, I prefer B/W. Often I think B/W is more expressive but in case of Kurosawa, it just make movie dated. Not well balanced. Also, I feel his directing is kind of clumsy, pace-wise. Please do not throw a stone to me. <BR>Also, I didn't like Mifune's acting too. From the beginning to the end, only one expression on his face. Widely opened eyes. last scene was the only scene I enjoyed. How could they do that? Check Yojimbo. Mifune is cool, too!  <br />And is there any real battle scene really? I haven't seen one...
B00003CXA2|5.0|&quot;Forrest Gump&quot; is a marvelous movie because it has it all: comedy, drama, romance, fantasy, tenderness, suspense, etc.  <br />  <br /> The movie tells the story of Forrest (Tom Hanks), a kid who seems to be the most retarded creature in the world; everybody thinks that, everybody but his momma (Sally Field) and his friend Jenny (Robin Wright); they are the center of his universe. As Forrest grows up, we learn that he might be a little goofy, but sure his heart is giant; also he is fast as the wind, an ability that will lead him to witness a lot of the most important USA historical events. <br />  <br /> The movie's running time is 142 minutes, but those must be the fastest 142 minutes in movie history, because the movie is very, very amusing. Technically &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; is a masterpiece; every scene was filmed with great detail, the special effects seem to be very simple, but actually they were really hard to do. The DVD is just AMAZING, the extras help to understand every aspect of &quot;Forrest Gump&quot;, you will be delighted with the extras, because they are great. <br />  <br /> &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; is simply a beautiful movie with a heart of its own. A must see movie / DVD.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Despite what people say this is Van Halens best album. 1984, II, and Fair Warning were all great but fall short of the marker! This has Edward Van Halens best guitar playing. \\"Eruption\\" is one of the top 3 guitar solos of all time! Diamond David Lee Roth is at the top of his game here his voice is amazing here. Van Halens Rhythm section is tight as ever. Some of the stand out Tracks are \\"Running With The Devil\\" though its really over played! \\"Aint Talkin' 'Bout Love\\" which is Van Halens best song! \\"Jamies Cryin'\\" \\"I'm The One\\" and the great Kinks cover \\"You Really Got Me\\".\\"Ice Cream Man\\" slows the album down a bit but then gives it a swift kick in the a.. with a killer guitar solo. So if you only get one Van Halen record get this one because its in the top 20 albums of all time, at least I think so!
0767811070|4.0|\\"Boyz 'N The Hood\\" is one of those movies that will touch you because of its realism and message. Also, it was a very influential movie, after this film appeared, a lot of similar movies came in; John Singleton directed a powerful film like if he was Spike Lee.<br />\\"Boyz 'N The Hood\\" tells the story of three black kids growing up in a dangerous neighborhood: Tre, Ricky and Doughboy; each one of the three kids is very different from the other, but they love and respect each other. The second part of the movie shows the kids now as teenagers: Tre (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and Ricky (Morris Chestnut) about to graduate from high school, and Doughboy (Ice Cube) as a trouble teen with gangster attitude. Tre is being educated by his father (Laurence Fishburne), Ricky is about to get chosen by a college due to his football abilities, and Doughboy along with other friends is about to choose the path of a gangster. But a tragedy will interrupt the life of one of this boys, and the rest must choose: get revenge and ruin their lives or go on with their lives.<br />The realism of \\"Boyz 'N The Hood\\" may be its best quality, all the performances are very good, with young talents that later would be famous. Once in a while is good to see this kind of movie, don't limit yourself to popcorn movies. Go see \\"Boyz 'N The Hood\\".
B000002J0B|4.0|This album sounds like the albums put out after 'PG' but this is like 1000 times better! I think it would be easier to review this songs by song since its such a complex album!<br />-The Song Remains The Same, is a good song with killer lead guitar by Jimmie Page but Robert Plants lyrics suck! 3/5<br />-The Rain Song, is classic Zepp. George Harrison said they didnt have enough ballads so Jimmie Page wrote this and it became a classic 5/5<br />-Over The Hills And Far Away, a hard rock song played with Acoustic guitars, shows what a genius Page is, another classic!. 5/5<br />-The Crunge, is a very strange song and probley the worst on the album, and Robert Plant sounds like Rod Stewart on this one. 3/5<br />-Dancing Days, has a great page riff and John Bonhams drums are top notch! another classic! 5/5<br />-D'yer Mak'er, dont be fooled by the name or what other people say this is an awesome song from star to finish, and Plants voice is great here. 5/5<br />-No Quarter, is John Paul Jones' song on the album and this song gives me the creeps! 5/5<br />-The Ocean, best song on the album with a killer guitar solo and riff, Bonham's Drumming is great same with Jones' bass and Plants voice is at the top of its game! 5/5<br />This is a classic Zeppelin album that you must own!
B000007S5B|4.0|This is a very underrated Doors' album. So many great songs are on this album. Jim's voice is great here. Ray Manzerek's Organs is amazing a always but what really shines is Robby Kriegers guitar its at its best on Waiting for The Sun. Jim Morrisons lyrics are best here. just Listen to &quot;Five To One&quot; the best Doors' song ever great lyrics, Kreigers best solo (solo remade by Ace Freely on She and Pearl Jam on Alive!) this is really the best song by the band, dont believe me pick up the record and listen! &quot;Love Street&quot; is classic Jim's best vocal performance ever! &quot;Hello I Love You&quot; big Doors hit but I dont like it that much. &quot;Not To Touch The Earth&quot; and &quot;The Unknown Solider&quot; are classic Morrsion lyrics, some of his best. &quot;My Wild Love&quot; is just Jim and only Jim doing what he does best.... &quot;the other big highlight is &quot;Yes The River Knows&quot; which is like no other the Doors have ever made and its really a great ballad. all the other songs are great as well but these songs stand out the most. These is one of the better Doors albums along with the debut and &quot;L.A. Woman.&quot;
B0000683WG|5.0|People love to distinguish &quot;classical&quot; music from &quot;popular&quot; music.  This distinction is meaningless.  Music is music, and good music is simply good music, and THE SLIDER is one of the finest musical works, &quot;classical&quot; or &quot;popular,&quot; I've ever heard.  I would not rank it as the best T. Rex, however.  In my opinion, the best of T. Rex is: T. REX (the self-titled LP), ELECTRIC WARRIOR, THE UNICORN, BEARD OF STARS, and the songs, &quot;Hot Love,&quot; &quot;Children of the Revolution,&quot; and &quot;Raw Ramp.&quot;  Nonetheless, you cannot go wrong with this now-overlooked gem.<br />This is, in my opinion, T. Rex's saddest work.  It is subtly heartbreaking, covertly saddening.  Happy, jumpy songs are interspersed with melancholy &quot;ballads&quot; (if that word applies) such as &quot;Spaceball Richochet,&quot; &quot;The Slider,&quot; &quot;The Ballrooms of Mars,&quot; and &quot;Main Man.&quot;<br />Incidentally, &quot;The Ballrooms of Mars&quot; is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever written.  That song alone would legitimate the magisterial status of this album.<br />No more commentary is needed: just buy it and listen to it over and over again!<br />Let others listen to The Beatles and think that it is great music: this is music in the highest sense of the word, the music of thought.
B000000W5P|5.0|This is my all time favorite Rolling Stones album! This was the first Stones album I ever bought and I hated the Stones until I bought this now they are one of my favorite bands! \\"Miss You\\" is one of the Stones' best songs and one of my favorites. \\"When The Whip Comes Down\\" \\"Lies\\" and \\"Shattered\\" are great punk flavored songs.\\"Respectable\\" is kinda like \\"Shattered\\" with the rhythm and all but way better. \\"Far Away Eyes\\" is another country song by the stones (CRAP)... \\"Before They Make Me Run\\" is a good Keith Richards sung rocker! \\"some Girls\\" is a great hard rock/blues song that you will love every time you listen to this record! \\"Imagination\\" is the best Temptations cover the Stones ever did and its almost better then the original (almost!!!). and on to the best song on the album \\"Beast Of Burden\\" this is a great ballad that you will love if you dont already. This is such a great song, it is in my top 5 Rolling Stones songs and It will be in yours to! This is a great album a must own for any Stones fan and for any rock fan for that matter, so pick up Some Girls, cause in my opinion its the Stones at their best!
0553213105|5.0|This is a must read.  All the senior English classes at my high school watched the BBC movie.  Everybody loved the movie.  Even the boys.  Everybody I know has either read the book since (or read it again in some circumstances) or has plans to read it as soon as they get a chance.  The characters are perfect as well as all the description.  The entire book is, in a word, perfect.  Read It. Watch the movie.  Fall in love with Jane Austen (like I have).  I am now in the processing of reading all of Austen's novels.
B00007L4MJ|3.0|The rating above applies to the version I own, the Excelsior Collector's Edition from Madacy Entertainment.  It's only 115m long, and there are portions of the film that are in bad need of restoration.  I looked around at the initial description and some of the reviews, but I can't find any mention of the length of this newly restored version offered for sale here, though it seems to be about 2 1/2 hours (the original was 17 reels, or 182m, and for a long time the longest version available was 12 reels, or 128m).  That, and some reviewers' concerns about the projection speed (too fast), omitted shots, and omitted title cards make me hesitant about acquiring this &quot;upgrade.&quot;
B0000025T6|5.0|This is Springsteen writing music as if he needed to cleanse his soul, as if the deeds he describes therein were his alone.  From the title track's assurance &quot;That, well sir, I guess there's just a meanness in this world,&quot; Springsteen sets a path of a human scorned.<br />With just a five-deck tape recorder on his side, you'd think it would be hard to succeed. And it was, the album was not met with commercial success because of it's hollow acoustic airs rather than the bombast of the E Street Band's music.<br />But this is music that has soul, a truely scarred, pained soul and it is music that could only be done in the barren landscape in which it was recorded.<br />He faces cold facts (&quot;Everything dies/ That's a fact,&quot; he says in Atlantic City) and he tries to keep his characters looking at the positive side (&quot;But maybe everything that dies someday comes back). <br />In &quot;Highway Patrolman,&quot; the narrator sings about a brother &quot;who just ain't no good&quot; and after his brother kills someone at a bar, the narrator takes off after him, doing &quot;110 through the Michigan night.&quot; In the end, the patrolman pulls over and &quot;watches the taillights disappear.&quot;<br />Instead of cursing his brother, the patrolman sits and the car and thinks back, &quot;Me and Franky laughin' and drinkin'/ Nothin' feels better than blood on blood/ Takin' turns dancin' with Maria as the band played &quot;Night of the Johnstown Flood&quot;/ I catch him when he's strayin' like any brother would/ Man turns his back on his family well he just ain't no good.&quot;<br />Instead of bitterness, the patrolman hopes his brother will be okay.  It's not an easy story to tell and there is no happy ending, but that is what these stories are all about.<br />There is redemption in just continuing on, in perserving is the message, and Springsteen drives it home in the album's closer, &quot;Reason To Believe.&quot;  He sings of lovers abandoned and death, butsays &quot;people find some reason to believe.&quot;<br />That message is what keeps this, an album filled with hard topics, from straying into a bitter, vial recording. Instead, the hope in it makes Nebraska a masterpiece.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The movie is totally awesome and so is this soundtrack mate!  If you loved the movie then you will totally love the soundtrack!  It's AWESOME!!!  I recomend this soundtrack to people who love to listen to instrumental music and to people who are BIG fans of the movie!
B00007FOMP|5.0|Simply put...This is the greatest Pop , R&amp;B , Soul ablum of all time..Nothing else even comes close to it...Along with &quot;Transition&quot; by John Coltrane , this ablum moves the soul of the listener and begs him/her to answer the question...What's Going On......
0793518326|5.0|Should be some chinese fellow to do this awesome work. This is the ultimate note-by-note guide to the music of the Fab4. Its almost perfectly written. Its a must-have item for Beatles Fans that can read sheet music.
0385504209|4.0|As the curator for Magdalene.org, I don't often read much good fiction that mentions Mary Magdalene.  &quot;The Da Vinci Code,&quot; however, was a smashing good read as far as the most recent Jesus/Mary Magdalene legend goes.  I don't want to spoil it (any more than has already been done in other reviews here), but if you've read &quot;Holy Blood, Holy Grail,&quot; (HBHG) you know which legend I'm referring to.<br />The vital difference I'd like to point out, however, is that Dan Brown has incorporated the most recent additions to this legend since HBHG was published.  Most notably, the work of Margaret Starbird, author of &quot;The Woman With The Alabaster Jar,&quot; &quot;The Goddess In The Gospels,&quot; and recently, &quot;Magdalene's Lost Legacy.&quot;  Two of these books are even referenced by Brown in the text.  So if you finish &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; and are hungry for more reading on this legend, you will probably want to start with Starbird.<br />As far as the novel itself goes, it isn't terribly challenging, but it IS entertaining. As someone who doesn't often read novels, I was happy I read this one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I found this CD to be very emotional. I purchased this CD while I was going through a dark period in my life.  It brought out a lot of feelings that I had kept buried. Every song touched my heart.  I pray for the forgiveness of all the people I may have hurt along the way. Dido is a wonderful artist.  I love the classical music influence included in her No Angel CD and hope it is part of her new release.
1858286999|5.0|It is an uphill struggle to get me to praise a Rough Guide. I have written many unkind words here about many other books in the series - dull righting, self-righteous tone, preachy ambition - and I stand by what I had said. I continue to feel that travel is a happy business and guidebooks should be written by people who are positive and cheerful, not by grumpy and cruffy backpackers with enormous aptitude for righting the world and with handfuls of easy answers to every question of Third World economic developent. I am also convinced that a guide is not a forum for political campaigning.<br />So you can imagine I approached Rough Guide Japan with very, very low expectations. However, I can now say that whatever is wrong with other Rough Guides (poor writing quality, excruciating boredom, naive anti-capitalist rhetoric), you will not find it in this book. Whatever they do right (detailed research, up-to-date info, accurate maps) - there is plenty of it, heaps, loads, all you need! My God they are good. In Japan, they are better than DK Eyewitness, my long-time favorite for most destinations. They even finally sorted their writing - it is readable, and you don't fall asleep after first three passages.<br />I find very little to fault in this book: the maps are accurate, listings exhaustive and detailed, and they have most of the practicalities covered, unlike Lonely Planet, who still live firmly in their senile eigthties as far as any transport and banking information is concerned. And let me repeat this (listen all of you who, like me, detested Rough Guides for their oversized egos and belief that they have a role in fixing the world) - there is no usual garbage about how capitalism and tourism ruined a beautuful country. All the annoying whining is gone. The authors really like Japan, they admire it and help you to enjoy your trip. That's all I am asking for.<br />The only remarks would be that there could be more photos, and please, PLEASE, change those heart-stoppingly ugly chapter icons and tacky logo. I know you at Rough Guide use those icons everywhere, they're part of the design, but believe me they are hideous. Those drawings look exactly like something that adorned local authority leaflets cautioning against vices of drugs and smoking 20 years ago. And your logo looks like a fire exit sign.<br />I wrote earlier that DK Eyewitness Japan, although not perfect, was the best. Well, now I have read and used both DK Eyewitness and Rough Guide in the field. Rough Guide is much better. In fact, this Rough Guide is so good that, despite my earlier promises not to touch them with barge-pole, I will be checking out Rough Guide for all my future destinations.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I am a sucker for a good soundtrack and having not seen any of the movies Badelt has scored, I was unfamiliar with his work.  Until now.  Pirates of the Caribbean is a fantastic film - the best I've seen this year - and the score compliments the movie perfectly.  I was utterly disappointed to learn that the soundtrack would not be released until nearly two weeks after the movie, so I just had to go see it again.  The music is powerful and exciting; my new favorite soundtrack.
B00008S2VG|2.0|OK.  Techno, electronica.  We've all heard it.  Enough already!  I don't think this album was as ambitious as her last two albums (Music, Ray of Light).  Also, the lyrics on this album just don't get me and are blasphemous in some parts.  <br />The synthesizers get old after a while.  Let's go back to the old Patrick Leonard and Stephen Bray-produced albums.  Now that's where all the true technical beauty is!  The orchestration in those old albums made the hair on your arm stand up because you felt the raw emotion.  <br />This album doesn't have that organic feel.  It sounds just as plastic as the society that we live in today.  Maybe that's what she's going for--a reflection of today's superficial society.  It pains me to say all this because I have followed Madonna's career since the very beginnings and have stood by her through all her changes.  This time, I just don't see the true artist that she is on this album nor do I hear the vocal quality that was so integral in her musical maturity from her EVITA days.
B000002E5J|5.0|You know what I'm talking about. On nearly every album there's always that one track that just BUGS you, that you need to bypass completely on every listen.<br />Want an album that lasts for a while, where every song is compulsively listenable? Pick up &quot;Pies Descalzos.&quot; Shakira's best by a longshot, her (only available) debut outshines not only her later releases but also anything by any other songstress: Hispanic or American - with the possible exception of Ani DiFranco.<br />This also includes my personal favorite Shakira cuts: &quot;Antologia&quot; and the dancable &quot;Estoy Aqui.&quot;<br />Buy it now.
B000002V0Q|4.0|In 1991 - the Infamous Black album was released, alienating many fans of Metallica (like me) while gaining alot of others.<br />The commerical sheen and refined, stripped down songwriting inherent on the album was a formula for commercial success, while still being fully in the \\"metal\\" camp.<br />Former Metallica lead guitarist Dave Mustaine had seen his band Megadeth as somewhat competitors to Metallica, and this is the first album that doesn't just equal Metallica's output (don't get me wrong the first four were classics but I'd say they were equals to Metallica's first four) - it surpasses it.<br />Sure this album possesses \\"Black Album's\\" commercial sheen and relatively (to Rust In Piece) stripped down, mid paced songwriting- but it is the far better album of the two. What it doesn't possess is the meatheaded redneck lyricisms of the Black Album (Just compare Architecture of Aggression to Metallica's Don't Tread on Me) or the overtly \\"compromised\\" vibe. The Black Album also has more filler, while Countdown is filled to the brim with stellar songwriting. And another factor is that while Countdown is more refined than previous albums, it still has a technical edge that was not seen with many bands (example: the nearly prog metal stylings of Ashes in Your Mouth). So overall, this is a near classic by the legendary thrash titans. I hated it when it first came out, but with age and maturity I came to love it.
0385504209|3.0|THE DA VINCI CODE is a suspense thriller which at first glance seems to have all of the necessary ingredients for success. The plot includes ancient secrets, shadowy organizations, powerful people, the Holy Grail and even Mary Magdalene. The trouble is that the book is too long and padded with boring details.The story, however, does have the potential to be made into  a blockbuster movie.
B000092ZYX|2.0|I'm sorry to see this album come out. OK Computer was the group's best, and they should have left it there. &quot;Hail To The Theif&quot; sounds like they were bored when they recorded it and takes the enjoyment out of listening to the few decent tracks with waaaaaaay to much politicizing. (If I wanted to get opinions on politics, I could turn on CNN) Even if you love Radiohead, skip this new (and hopefully last) CD.
B00005JM0B|4.0|i thought this was an amazing sequel to terminator 2 regardess of some flaws in the movie but the main thing i was left with is the film's conclusion?ending?, the ending leaves an openion for terminator 4, which I HOPE they do get to make becuase this movie just keeps you guessing what is going to happen next....<br />the crane chase scene was just breathtaking, the humor fitted well in the scenes, just THE ENDING wasn't really there.
0064471837|5.0|Ive now read the entire three book Abhorsen trilogy, and I have to say that it is one of the most clear well thought out alternate worlds i have ever come into contact with. in these books, you get enough information on the world surrounding the characters that you feel like you can step inside with them... i can't reccomend this book highly enough!
B00003CXE6|5.0|The setting for Gladiator is ancient Rome, around 180 A.D. At the beginning of the film a Roman general, Maximus, is leading his army into battle against a final enemy stronghold to achieve total victory in the war. Maximus (Russell Crowe) leads his men to victory while the emperor, Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) observes the battle from a distance. The aging emperor Marcus commends Maximus on the victory and his capabilities as general. The emperor's high regard for Maximus is well known and he intends for Maximus to succeed him as Emperor.  Marcus' son, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), who believes himself the next emperor, learns of his fathers plan. He quickly kills Marcus to keep anyone from discovering his plan for Maximus. Commodus then proceeds to destroy Maximus. When Maximus refuses to acknowledge Commodus as emperor he is ordered killed. He escapes and returns to his homeland where he learns his wife and son have been killed by Commodus' men.<BR>Maximus is soon captured and taken to Zucchabar to be sold as a slave. He is bought and forced to live the life of an arena gladiator.  He fights gladiators, barbarians, and tigers  determined to win his freedom and return to Commodus for revenge. <BR>Well written and plenty of action. A film worth watching several times.  Although the setting and theme was of centuries ago, the entire film, while spectacular at times, seemed non-exaggerated and possible.
0060278250|4.0|I managed to finish this book in a day, but the relative quickness of the read was only because I can't put it down! In this, the third book of the trilogy, Nix finally takes us all the way into death... it's an amazing book full of graphic details and nuances... read it! you'll love it!
014028009X|2.0|I'm glad that I saw the movie before I read the book, otherwise the book would've been miserable and I probably would've never watched the movie (which I thought was quite good). People have compared the Shopaholic series to this book, but I don't think they are anything alike. Bridget Jones's Diary is a bit choppy. I found it difficult to get into one aspect of Bridget's life without being swept into a completely different part. Some of the characters (such as Mark Darcy and Simon) were not given enough depth. Though many of the events and situations were humorous, the reading was not &quot;laugh out loud&quot; material. It also seemed as if I was having to force myself to the conclusion, where I finally found some interest. When Briget and Mark's relationship finally took form was the best part of the book. I guess after seeing Bridget go from one disaster to the next, it was good for her to finally settle down. A few conflicts have been unresolved by the end of the reading: what happens to Julio and Bridget's &quot;mum&quot;?, did Daniel ever call back or try to pursue a relationship? what happens with Bridget's job? I was expecting much more from this book but got stiff insight instead.
0060005424|4.0|by skipping away from Sabriel, I was afraid I woudl hate this book, but after meeting Lirael and following her through the Clayr's Galcier, you start to empathise with her as well.. i can't reccomend this series highly enough!
B000066AXE|4.0|My complaints about the movie would have to be that it was too long, and in some parts I found it to be a bit confusing. However, I thought everything else about the movie was well done. The character developement of Alicia Nash was well played, and the delusions were amazing. They pulled you in, and you thought it was going to be some sort of spy action movie, but felt betrayed when you realized the truth. All in all, I would recommend it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|....When i first heard iron maidens number of the beast i was blown away by the awesome riffs and the vocals. One thing i love about Iron Maiden is even there new alubms they dont change there style and evry album is unique and different. I heard Metallicas new cd St anger and was truly diaspointed in how they tried to be something they were not...well my friends iron maiden doesnt do this. Be sure to get there new album DANCE OF DEATH which comes out september 7th 2003 and to the person who said that blood brothers sounds like orion well buddy...listen to Fade to black and The unforgiven...then take a look at the intro to CHildren of the damned sound familiar yeah thats right metallica ripped off maidens riffs to produce those songs....Iron Maiden WILL LIVE ONE...UP THE IRONS!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Frankly, I'm a bit aggravated with the multitude of reveiw's that are not at all reviews of the fime, but complaint filled diatribes on why it is bad compared to the book. Here's the long and the short of it, many people's have alot of the same complaints, so I'll address the most commone ones. The first major complaint one often hears is, why is it Elves that arrive at Helm's Deep, when it doesn't happen like that in the book. The answer is simple, in the book, it is the Dunedain that arrive to aid Rohan, however in order for that to have had any meaning to anyone who saw the movie that is not well read in Tolkien, Mr. Jackson would have to have added about 30 minutes of additional film in either Fellowship or Two Towers in order to explain to the general audience who the Dunedain were. The important thing is that the help came at the behest of Elrond, which Haldir says to Theoden as he arrives.<BR>     Second big complaint, Gimli was too much of a comic character. This one is mostly directed at AD&D people who think that because in their D&D world dwarfs are tough and humorless and dry means that that is how Tolkien's Dwarves should be. I ask all of those people to remember the Demeanor of the Dwarves in The Hobbitt. The very first thing they do is sing some VERY comical verses at Bilbo's expense. As far as Gimli's seeming comic nature in Two Towers, realize that his sarcasm which makes some people laugh is often what insults others, for example the incident with Eomer and the Rohirrim when they first meet.<BR>     Next big complaint, They made the Ents seem Stupid. No, they didn't. Speaking slowly, and being slow are two different things, and Treebeard points out, that things take a long time to say in Entish.<BR>     SO, what's up with the kill tally that Gimli and Legolas had? Go back and Read that portion of the book, it is in there.<BR>     Last, the one that bugs me the most that people complain about is Faramir. Why does Farmir act exactly like Boromir? Hedoesn't, ever, at all. Faramir is not tempted by the ring, he is misguided in what the ring can do, so he takes frodo to Gondor, Just like he does in the book, then lets Frodo go, Just like in the book. The slight shift in character can be easily explained from a position of how important certain character's character arcs are. Faramir's is relativly low, Aragorn's is High, if Faramir exhibits the same amount of nobility and resistance to the ring, then how special would Aragorn's personality remain?<BR>     I hope this puts some clarity into why things were done the way they were, speaking as someone who has studied screenwriting and film, I can say that the script was adapted in the only way possible in order to make these films a body of work that couls be financially justified as a box office production. Recognize that Jackson could have put every minute detail, reference, and unimportant character in the film, but then it would have been a TV miniseries, with effects more akin to his Dead Alive, or Meet The Feebles films, as opposed to the Brilliant Cast, Effects, and Locations that actually created Middle Earth and this brilliant series of films.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The score for the Pirates of the Caribbean is nothing short of fantastic during the film itself.  When you bring the soundtrack home, shivers will run down your spine.  The amount of detail put into each track really shines through as you can hear even the quietest instruments you may have missed earlier come to life.<br />I am a big fan of such scores as Rudy and The Lord of the Rings, but I think this one outshines any other.  A must buy for movie scores and anyone who enjoyed the movie!
B00009ATIX|3.0|This doesnt come close to the book. There is no reason what so ever to change a thing from it. If you never read the book, the movie is decent but just has that, \\"trying to make something deep\\" feel to it. Theres never that climax that you felt reading the book.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is going to be a household name.  His debut album, Chariot, is filled with songs that ring with influences ranging from Elton John to Sam Cooke, with a little bit of Jeff Buckley thrown in for good measure.  The songs will stay with you long after the first listen, and you will find yourself singing &quot;I don't want to be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately&quot; for days to come.  His lyrics and musicianship are equally as strong.  With this amount of talent, it is clear that this guy will be with us for the long haul.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I heard Gavin this spring on Last Call, and ever since then I have been waiting for his release.  Since I bought it I havent been able to listen to anything else.  His driving music, fueled by his awesome piano playing and voice, is helped out by his moving lyrics.  Very rarely now do you find a person who writes good music AND has good lyrics to go along with it,  Gavin is one of those people.  Go buy his cd.
B000002UJQ|1.0|Everyone loves Radiohead. But why? The band, and this CD are boring. It's not very interesting, even if I do like one song, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, but I just can't get into this album. Maybe after a few more listens I'll like it a bit more. It's definitely not something I never want to hear again in my life, but for now, this is how I'm feeling about it. That is all.
B000002G23|5.0|this boxset is incredible you can actually see the police in their different stages of evolution 78 freakin songs i could not ask for more buy this if your a police fan or a fan of music.
B000002UA0|5.0|I'm not gonna go off on a tangent about the history of Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett's exit from the music world since this is old news to all of you I'm sure.  What I will say is this is one of my favorite Pink Floyd albums.  Threw in the disc this morning after not listening to it for a few months and it still sounds amazing.  There really will never be anything that matches this bizzare masterpiece.  From the opening piece that starts off sounding like morse code (Astronomy Domine) to the fairytale goth-like numbers, you'll be entertained throughout.  File this under psychadelia/classic rock/blotter jams.  Highly recommended.
B000002KIE|1.0|I can't believe none of these people who gave \\"Bollocks\\" five star reviews haven't heard of Johnny's corporate company called Public Image Limited. PIL should be the band getting five stars, not the Sex Pistols. John Lydon's gone ALL pop since 1983, so stick that in your pipe and smoke it, you ill-informed safety-pinned freaks. Get with the times; John's also gone ALL electronic and has released a solo dance album that actually has him singing (by the way, his REAL singing voice sounds like the lead singer's voice from Pet Shop Boys, if that's any confort to you... I know it is to me).\\"Nevermind the Bollocks\\" is more mainstream than PIL, with amelodic tunes such as... well, all of them. And every Pistols song is packed to the brim with political fluff that Lydon didn't even believe in. He was, by the way, Malcolm's puppet, and that'swhy he broke away from him to do PIL.<br />The Sex Pistols are ... That is all.
B0000025DT|5.0|Walking in the spectacular footsteps of \\"Face the Music,\\" this record faced huge expectations and surely met them all. Here ELO found the perfect balance of high production pop with a good measure of rock. 'Do Ya' has to be their best written and best sounding rocker and the lyricism of 'Telephone Line','Mission' and 'Shangri-la' falls only a little short of 'Strange Magic' from their previous record.<BR> In modern pop music, there's a very short list of singer-songwriters with the quantity and quality of work, the eclectism and the mass appeal to be mentioned alongside Lennon and/or McCartney. Dylan, Paul Simon and Brian Wilson have all gotten their mass media props. The equally deserving Jeff Lynne has not.
B000002U8G|5.0|Sure, most people would prefer Dark Side or The Wall over this.  Others would rather cite Animals, Wish You Were Here or even Piper as their best.  But as far as I'm concerned, this is as perfect as they were ever gonna get.  You see, this is the one &amp; only album they ever did that encompasses every side of the musical phases they went through.  There's a mammoth, heavy MONSTER truck of a hard-rocking instrumental in &quot;One Of These Days&quot;, probably their greatest album opener ever.  Ambient, acoustic folk stuff follows with &quot;A Pillow Of Winds&quot;, which features some of the best, most beautiful acoustic picking(and slide playing) David Gilmour ever did, especially in the middle &quot;when night comes down you lock the door&quot; section.  Next we get the country-tinged &quot;Fearless&quot;, which has a wonderful ascending guitar line that sounds just like a bunch of stoned English hippies climbing up a hill, smiling.  Trust me, you'd have no idea they were capable of pulling off such an amazingly uplifting &amp; soul-soothing song if all you know by them is their two hit albums.  I used to hate the Liverpool football team's chants at the end, but now I think they fit in just right; and they set the stage for the next song quite well.<BR>And I really, really hated &quot;San Tropez&quot; when I first sat through it, but it's just so goofy, I can't help but love it now! Seriously, you must not have a sense of humor, musically, if you don't start cracking up by the time the first line &quot;As I reach for a peach&quot; comes in.  Delightful song.  Well-placed.  GREAT simple guitar and piano solos.  Next song gets even sillier, a standard blues improv with a howling dog holding down the fort on vocals.  I'll tell you something; most people tend to rave about the wailing female vocalist in &quot;Great Gig In The Sky&quot;: I just say to them &quot;She sure weren't no Seamus, though.  That dawg's got ROCKNROLL in the SOUL!&quot;  Now sure, on any other Pink Floyd album, or placed anywhere else on this album this dumb joke surely would've failed miserably.  But because of it's placement on the album(end of side 1), you get a clear, cohesive picture of the thorough listening experience; a band starting off with the most serious, foreboding song imaginable, and gradually getting lighter, less gloomy, and much more FUN with each subsequent song.  With NO unifying concept and hardly any depressing lyrics that this band is known so well for!  Just a concise overview of their entire musical journey: their &quot;acid-folk&quot; period, the darker hypnotic repetition stuff, dabblings in Barrett-esque naive humor, and avant-gardeist sonic experimentation(which shows up, to great effect in the next song).<BR>Then how to finish off the rest of the album(side 2)??  Only one way....ECHOES!!!!!  The magnum opus of the band's entire career.  You can have your &quot;Shine On You Crazy Diamond&quot;, your &quot;Dogs&quot;, your &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; and your &quot;Atom Heart Mother Suite&quot; any time of the day... this will always be my very favorite of all of their extended epics for years &amp; eons to come.  I won't waste my time describing it to you, since words could never do justice to how I feel about it, but it's such an immensely satisfying song for me...every time I listen to it it's like I'm being transcended into another world...where everything is beautiful and magnificent to behold.  Needless to say, I love every second of it, and all 46 minutes and 46 seconds of this album.  The most perfect album closer to the most perfect Pink Floyd release ever.  I'm astonished.  Pick this up now, and listen to it a good 25 or 26 times, and you just might be too.  And if you do love it anywhere near as much as I do, pick up the &quot;Live At Pompeii&quot; video right away...it's the perfect document of the post-Syd, pre-superstardom Floyd.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|...which is almost all I have to go by because I keep going back to the same track, this album warrants a 5-star review.  It's been a while since I've been this anxious to own a movie score and, now that I have it, I just want to keep running errands at work so I can put my headphones on and crank it up.<br />Klaus Bedalt's magnificent score - which varies very well with a spooky beginning, melodic love theme, and rousing action pieces (especially the outstanding theme played in full force on the final track) - is turning me into a fan of his very quickly.<br />The only drawback is that I was hoping for a very long end credits suite, but it cuts off after just two minutes and change.  It kinda reminded me of the Face/Off soundtrack where there the boat chase music, the strongest piece in the whole score, was missing from the album.<br />But even though it is a complaint that knocks my review from 5 stars to 4, the \\"Pirates\\" album is truly a worthy buy and I will be keeping an eye on Klaus for a long time to come.<br />And Hans, what can I say except, you've given us yet another musical poet.
B00005JLRT|2.0|I've been a fan of Star Wars since my mother first showed me reruns and took me to see \\"Wrath of Kahn\\" in the theaters.  When \\"The Next Generation\\" came out, I don't think I missed an episode.  In 1991, the original crew was given a dignified, graceful exit in the form of \\"The Undiscovered Country\\".  So it was my hope, in waiting for \\"Nemesis\\", that the Next Gen crew would be treated with the same diginity and respect.  Sadly, the movie is a disaster of near \\"Final Frontier\\" proportions, becuase, although as not as bad as \\"Insurrection\\" or \\"Generations\\", it is the final appearance of these beloved characters, and that is the true crime.<br />The story is that the Remans, a never before heard of offshoot of the Romulans have taken control of the Romulan Empire.  Naturally, the Enterprise is the only ship in the sector, as always, and is sent to great the new head of the Empire.  Well, he's Picard's Clone, and tries to gain his trust, while his real reason is that he a)needs Picards blood to live, and b)wants to kill everyone on Earth for some reason involving revenge.(logically, as Earth never did anything to him, he should want to destroy all the Romulans, and he shows so much contempt for them that you wonder why he doesn't.  Of course, the movie wouldn't work, then).<br />Star Trek, despite the worst intentions of Rick Berman and Brannon Braga, has always been about the people.  None of the incarnations of the show would be popular if the characters weren't interesting.  Which is why \\"Voyager\\" and \\"Enterprise\\" are weak entires in the series.  In all of the first 6 films, and especially in the two best Trek films, \\"Kahn\\"  and \\"Undiscovered Country\\", the characters were called upon to react to changes in their lives, to loss and to the consequences of their actions(or inactions).  In this film, well, Data sings.  Which he did in the last film.  Riker plays the Trombone and sucks in his gut.  Troi \\"feels uneasy\\".  Worf, so compelling on \\"TNG\\" and \\"DS9\\" is again reduced to comic relief.  And the whole crew is still together.  At least in the first 6 films the characters had moved on to other things.  Kirk, as Admiral in 1-4, Spock, dead for a bit, Sulu a Captain, Checkov on the Reliant as First Officer.  In the \\"Next Gen\\" films, everything is the same, it's jusy like one very long poorly written TV episode.  At the end of each of the films, after the enemy defeated, the situtation is pretty much the same as in the beginning, more or less.  Nobody learns anything or really moves on(Riker and Troi are leaving the ship, but it's handled very poorly, and the \\"death\\" of a character is treated almost as a punch line.)  The Screenwritter, John Logan, who penned \\"Gladiator\\", claims to be a fan, but you wonder what he was a fan OF, if this is teh sendoff he gives the characters he \\"loves\\".  This is why the film is unforgiveable.<br />There are many action scenes in this movie, but the only ones that work are the space battle ones, and they are about the only redeaming part of the film.  The first action scene which involves a Starfleet ATV, a \\"road-warrior\\" like gang of aliens, none of the laws of physics, and another Data-like android, is shot bleached out, ala the Mexico scenes in \\"Traffic\\".  Why?  I have no idea.  Maybe to hide the poor special effects, or to distract from the fact that the entire subplot is poorly written and illogical.  For instance, we are told WHY the Data-like Android is there, eventually, but we don't know where he came.  This contradicts so much development in the series that it's sick.  But it moves the plot along.<br />The biggest Special Effect in this film is the new Reman Warbird, the Scimitar, which apparently has more power than anything ever in the universe.  It's a BIG ship.  So when Picard and Data are running through the halls, you have to wonder why only about 10 people seem to inhabit it.  Plus, the hallways look so much like cheap sets that the Original Series looked futuristic by comparison.<br />The director is Stuart Baird, who made \\"Executive Decision\\", the Steven Segal/Kurt Russell terrorist movie that has the dual honor of being considered more offensive to the Arab community than \\"True Lies\\" and for thankfully killing off Segal in the first act.  Well, I guess the good cancels out the bad, in this case.  Anyway, he has no style, nothing special to bring to the screen.  Compare this to the Original Crew sendoff, in which they brought back the writer/director of \\"Wrath of Kahn\\", a man who knew how to make  Trek Film.  Baird is clumsy with exposition scenes, and his space battles, while fantastic looking, actually drag.<br />The only reason this disc gets 2 stars is that it has many deleted scenes that actually would have helped the film.  The commentary is self-serving, almosy a defense of the film, and offers nothing of substance on the process.  In the end, I actually have to call this the WORST Trek of all time because Shatner can at least claim that \\"Final Frontier\\" was edited out from under him and his budget was slashed.  Baird and Berman apparently worked together with a large budget on this mess, so they get no such consideration.  Avoid the film at all costs, and weep for the loss of a great franchise./>The director is Stuart Baird, who made \\"Executive Decision\\", the Steven Segal/Kurt Russell terrorist movie that has the dual honor of being considered more offensive to the Arab community than \\"True Lies\\" and for thankfully killing off Segal in the first act.  Well, I guess the good cancels out the bad, in this case.  Anyway, he has no style, nothing special to bring to the screen.  Compare this to the Original Crew sendoff, in which they brought back the writer/director of \\"Wrath of Kahn\\", a man who knew how to make  Trek Film.  Baird is clumsy with exposition scenes, and his space battles, while fantastic looking, actually drag.  <br />The only reason this disc gets 2 stars is that it has many deleted scenes that actually would have helped the film.  The commentary is self-serving, almosy a defense of the film, and offers nothing of substance on the process.  In the end, I actually have to call this the WORST Trek of all time because Shatner can at least claim that \\"Final Frontier\\" was edited out from under him and his budget was slashed.  Baird and Berman apparently worked together with a large budget on this mess, so they get no such consideration.  Avoid the film at all costs, and weep for the loss of a great franchise.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The first thing I said to my friends upon leaving the theatre after seeing this film was, &quot;I've GOT to buy this soundtrack!&quot; Imagine my disappointment when I had to wait a week for it to come out!<br />The use of middle brass, particularly French Horns, is something Hans Zimmer was known for. Well, this has passed on to his understudy of Badelt. From start-to-finish, this Soundtrack is compelling and amazingly powerful. In several pieces, especially &quot;Barbossa is Hungry&quot;, you can hear some of the similarities to &quot;The Rock&quot; soundtrack.<br />The Holstian undertones are clearly evident throughout. So are the playful time signatures that show up in pieces such as &quot;To The Pirate's Cave.&quot;<br />If you like thick, rich, and powerful soundtracks such as &quot;The Peacemaker&quot;, &quot;The Rock&quot;, and &quot;Crimson Tide&quot; then this soundtrack is worth the purchase!!!
6303014100|5.0|I decided to watch \\"Gettysburg\\" again during the 4th of July Weekend.  It is truly a momentous presentation of an epic story.  The emphasis on the Chamberlains of the 20th Maine and the long distance relationships of Gen. Lew Armistead and Gen. Winfield Scott Hancock introduce a human dimension into an inhumane story.<br />Although Martin Sheen is a bit suspect as Robert E. Lee, Jeff Daniels as Lawrence Chamberlain, Tom Berenger as James Longstreet and Richard Jordan as Lew Armistead combine with others to carry the film.<br />Overall, this is a moving film to watch again and again.
B00001QEE7|5.0|I was 10 when this movie first came out.  I loved it then and my daughter loves it now.  I had to buy it used because we didnt have enough foresight to buy it when it came out on dvd-we didnt have a player then.  My daugter watches it every day!
0316666343|5.0|The third book on my summer reading list (after The Devil Wears Prada and Bare) was by far the best; Sebold could teach the other two authors a thing or two about an engaging story and character development. Between a self-centered New Yorker, and a bitter stripper, I'll take a 14 year old savoring her first kiss.
B000002URV|5.0|This was one of my first purchased cd's and I am still drawn to it...Enigma's sound is something like no other...you are just drawn to it and it takes you away for awhile....I really recommend it!
B000092ZYY|3.0|Though it's very listen-to-able, when set in comparison to the rest of their stuff, i'll usually skip it in preference to Kid A/Amnesiac (which i listen to continually). To put this in context, some of my favorite radiohead songs are Life in a Glass House, Climbing up the Walls -- that is, the most bizarre and artsy songs from the previous titles.<br />The reasons for my relative distaste are twofold:<br />Musically: Most of the songs are almost tangibly and mooshily dark. It continues the nifty soundscape work of the previous albums, but there's not a great different between The Gloaming and Backdrifs (they generally consist of repeated moaning...). Also, I Will/ Sail to the Moon / Where i End and You Begin / Scatterbrain are noticably similar (to me, anyway, after many listenings....). There's just not a lot of musical diversity here. Yes, they're all done by the same band, but its lacking a certain elemental engergy -- its just not enough to keep me listening day after day (as Kid A and Amnesiac do). <br />and my biggest grip:<br />Lyrically:  Punch up at a Wedding is ... starkly, preteniously bad. Musically, it's pretty interesting. It's the only song on the album that i absolutely wont listen to every time it comes around. The lyrics are just plain dull and. 'Punch Up' is a worst case scenario. <br />The other track's lyrics have more in common with Amnesica and Kid A, except that they're not as good. The Gloaming is fairly obnoxious with its repeated 'this the gloaming, this is the gloaming' ... I'm often tempted to skip it, too. <br />The other songs vary... but i think the most general analysis of what i think is that they're trying to 'say something'. These lyrics are trying to be meaningful, whereas Kid A/Amnesiacs... weren't. But the lyrics from those previous albums were wonderful, the images powerful and bizarre. Cliches chanted as dirges, etc. This time around, though... even when the lyrics are at their best, they lack that almost playful quality thatthe others had. <br />I'd much rather have wonderful 'meaningless' lyrics than semi-meaningful lyrics on the subject of politics. <br />Ultimately, while i find the previous 2 albums to be hauntingly engaging, i find this one to be largely static. <br />And for those who think its unfair to compare the previous work to this one:<br />That's not to say that this a bad album --- its pretty good. <BR>My favorite tracks are 2+2=5, Myxomatosis, and Wolf at the Door.   Unfortuneately, the others kinda mix together into a giant musical goop. Not to say that they're bad to listen to, but they're not particularly memorable either.<br />So, the basis for my comparison is this:<br />If i hadnt liked the previous albums, i probably wouldn't have bought this one. In fact, had this been the first album of an entirely different band, i probably would have thought it interesting, but 'not quite &quot;there&quot; yet'.
067101756X|1.0|Anyone who is even relatively educated in science and technology, knows the evolution of disciplines that led to all the inventions that Corso claims came from flying saucers. Hard work and intelligent innovation ( by humans ) led to these inventions. I'm hoping Corso is just delusional, because if he isn't, then he's a blatent liar ! Don't waste your time with this supposed book.
B000092ZYY|3.0|Though it's very listen-to-able, when set in comparison to the rest of their stuff, i'll usually skip it in preference to Kid A/Amnesiac (which i listen to continually). To put this in context, some of my favorite radiohead songs are Life in a Glass House, Climbing up the Walls -- that is, the most bizarre and artsy songs from the previous titles.<br />The reasons for my relative distaste are twofold:<br />Musically: Most of the songs are almost tangibly and mooshily dark. It continues the nifty soundscape work of the previous albums, but there's not a great different between The Gloaming and Backdrifs (they generally consist of repeated moaning...). Also, I Will/ Sail to the Moon / Where i End and You Begin / Scatterbrain are noticably similar (to me, anyway, after many listenings....). There's just not a lot of musical diversity here. Yes, they're all done by the same band, but its lacking a certain elemental engergy -- its just not enough to keep me listening day after day (as Kid A and Amnesiac do). <br />and my biggest grip:<br />Lyrically:  Punch up at a Wedding is ... starkly, preteniously bad. Musically, it's pretty interesting. It's the only song on the album that i absolutely wont listen to every time it comes around. The lyrics are just plain dull and. 'Punch Up' is a worst case scenario. <br />The other track's lyrics have more in common with Amnesica and Kid A, except that they're not as good. The Gloaming is fairly obnoxious with its repeated 'this the gloaming, this is the gloaming' ... I'm often tempted to skip it, too. <br />The other songs vary... but i think the most general analysis of what i think is that they're trying to 'say something'. These lyrics are trying to be meaningful, whereas Kid A/Amnesiacs... weren't. But the lyrics from those previous albums were wonderful, the images powerful and bizarre. Cliches chanted as dirges, etc. This time around, though... even when the lyrics are at their best, they lack that almost playful quality thatthe others had. <br />I'd much rather have wonderful 'meaningless' lyrics than semi-meaningful lyrics on the subject of politics. <br />Ultimately, while i find the previous 2 albums to be hauntingly engaging, i find this one to be largely static. <br />And for those who think its unfair to compare the previous work to this one:<br />That's not to say that this a bad album --- its pretty good. <BR>My favorite tracks are 2+2=5, Myxomatosis, and Wolf at the Door.   Unfortuneately, the others kinda mix together into a giant musical goop. Not to say that they're bad to listen to, but they're not particularly memorable either.<br />So, the basis for my comparison is this:<br />If i hadnt liked the previous albums, i probably wouldn't have bought this one. In fact, had this been the first album of an entirely different band, i probably would have thought it interesting, but 'not quite &quot;there&quot; yet'.
B00005QGAV|4.0|I can honestly say that Dangerous is MJ's most daring work since Thriller.The reason it's not a 5-star masterpiece is that like Bad it tries too hard to top Thriller.<BR>The first problem is that this is his first CD album where he fills up an entire 77+ minute playing time.Second,Quincy Jones is replaced by Teddy Riley.Where the work with Q was groundbreaking, this collaboration with &quot;Ted&quot; seems like chasing trends rather than setting them(that includes the appearence of rapper Heavy D).Where Q would've made a well balanced collection of songs,the album feels schitzo due to the fact that Teddy's production's dominates the first half,while MJ's sole production dominates the other.Though there are some great songs in this collaboration(Jam,In The Closet,and the classic Remember The Time)the new jack production sounds redundent after a while.<BR>The best songs (along with the aforementioned Remember The Time)is MJ's own productions.The atmospheric drama of Who is It and Give In To Me displays the true brilliance of Michael.Black or White is short &amp; snappy(but the intro and that whack rap should be edited out on future pressings),while Heal the World &amp; Keep The Faith may mean well,they're obvious copies of past songs(We Are The World and Man In The Mirror respectivly).The two tracks that really lift this album is the trancending Will You Be There &amp; the sweet but sad Gone Too Soon.Like most CDs these days, Dangerous is a belabored album to listen to.It takes way too long to get to the best songs.You may be able to program your player, but always remember,great albums are listen to as a whole,not pieces.
B000002L9Y|5.0|Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Tango in the Night&quot; album was a great finisher for Lindsey Buckingham. It was their best album since &quot;Rumours&quot; and had some of the most catchy and best songs since their monumental album in 1977. <BR>Buckingham's &quot;Big Love&quot; was a great album opener and Nick's &quot;Seven Wonders&quot; is one of Stevie's best. Christine McVie's &quot;Everywhere&quot; sounded better on their live album &quot;The Dance&quot; but nevertheless was great. &quot;Caroline&quot; and &quot;Tango in the Night&quot; are two haunting Buckingham songs both with great synth and guitar solo on the latter. &quot;Mystified&quot; was a little boring and sounded like a lot of the songs from McVie on &quot;Mirage&quot;. McVie struck gold with &quot;Little Lies&quot; my favorite song on the album. &quot;Family Man&quot; sounded like everything I didn't like about &quot;Mirage&quot; though the acoustic guitar was a good part of it. &quot;Welcome to the Room, Sara&quot; was a good effort by Nicks. &quot;Isn't it Midnight&quot; was an excellent collaboration of electric guitars and keyboards by Lindsey and Christine and is one of my personal favs. The other two, &quot;When I see you again&quot; and &quot;You and I, Part II&quot; close the out the album nicely. The first being a Nicks ballad and the last a Buckingham/McVie collaboration. &quot;Tango in the Night&quot; is one of the Mac's best albums and a great close out album to the most well known incarnation of one of the best groups ever.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Off The Wall was MJ's second wind at success.Even though he just came off the sucessful Destiny album with his brothers,he craved more autonomy.Off The Wall is a winner because the then 21 year old MJ had the raw materials and Quincy Jones helped give it a good polish and supplied him with great songs,top LA session men,and his magic production touch.<br /> MJ's two self-penned songs Don't Stop Til You Get Enough &amp; Working Day &amp; Night expand &amp; improve on Destiny's funky jams(Shake your Body..etc),while  Rod Temperton(of Heatwave fame)brought in the classics Rock With You &amp; Off The Wall. Other Classic songs include She's Out of My Life(by session singer Tom Bahler)Girlfriend(Paul McCartney)and I Can't Help It(Co-witten by Stevie Wonder).<br /> Granted Thriller and Bad may have sold more but second guessing fan expectations(of the latter)and being played out to where it now seems stale(the former)makes Off The Wall a better album.Instead of the King of Pop,we get a hungry kid who shows the world how great a talent he is.
B000059PRW|3.0|Not nearly as good as its chilling precursor, a collection of short horror films based on the works of Stephen King, this sequel contains about half as many &quot;terror tales&quot; as the original and as a result, seems to come up short.<br />CREEPSHOW 2 is not an awful movie by any means as it tells three stories (and also features a short cartoon) presented as a take on the old EC comic series.<br />The first story is a simple revenge tale featuring a Native American statue that exacts vengeance on a group of hoodlums who murder an antique store owner and his wife. The story is by-the-numbers but is presented pretty well. Our second tale finds a group of oversexed pot-smoking teen swimmers trying to get away from some type of man-eating human waste in the pond. This one is pretty creepy with some &quot;stay out of the water&quot; horror mixed with some humor. The last one plays on that classic concept of the sinner trying to cover up their mistakes but not being able to bury them properly as a cheating housewife runs down a hitchiker who just won't stay dead.<br />If you enjoyed the first film, this is pretty much more of the same. Unfortunately, where the first film was a gripping collaboration between horror masters, Stephen King and George Romero that had fun playing with the many common phobias in American culture, this sequel just feels like a bunch of old Tales From The Crypt re-runs played one after another. Not a bad movie if you're looking for a few good scares.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|Unlike the masses who bought Thriller after Motown 25,the Thriller video,and the infamous Pepsi commercial incident,I got my copy before the mass hysteria.Thriller justified what I've been telling people about MJ,the man is amazing.The album is still nothing short of amazing .<BR> Billie Jean was both funky and grandiose and Beat It melded hard rock and funk kicking in the door that separates both genres(which also keeps closing again).Wanna Be Startin' Something was the ultimate opening track,PYT once a slight track sounds even better today,Human Nature and Lady In My Life show his gift with ballads.On the other hand The Girl Is Mine stands as the weakest track(an obvious ploy for crossover airplay that actually worked)and the title track is more of a novelty.<BR> Unfortunatly over the years along with multiple airplays, Thriller lost it's freshness.Whereas Off The Wall was his breakout album,Thriller is where he wanted to go all the way to the top and he played it somewhat safe,sacrificing the soul that makes the previous album so alive.Even after almost two decades,Thriller is a tough act to follow even for MJ who seems more concerned with topping Thriller than embracing the raw talent that makes him so great.
B00005QGAX|4.0|When I finally got BAD on August 31,1987 I felt a tinge of disappointment.While every one and their mama went GA-GA over it,I couldn't put my finger on it.I guess it's because it tried too hard to top Thriller.This was the MJ album where he wrote a majority of the songs and although he writes great songs his musical vision was clouded by topping his past success.<BR> The title track tried too hard to sound funky and sounds years later like a bad(no pun intended) Prince throwaway.The Way You Make Me Feel sounds generic and unmemorable compared to his past masterpieces(Don't Stop..,Billie Jean)and Speed Demon sounds cute but corny.The best tracks include the inspirational Man in the Mirror(written by Siedah Garret and future Alanis collaborator Glen Ballard),I Just Can't Stop Loving You(a beautiful duet with Garret)while Smooth Criminal &amp; Dirty Diana recalled Thriller's best moments. <BR> Though it sold millions it still didn't come close to its predesessors success,and it started a decline in MJ's music where the harder he try to top Thriller,the more the quality of his music slips.
B0000029LG|4.0|Whenever an album is promoted with TV commercials,round the clock updates and even a theatrical trailer,it usually spells trouble.<BR> HIStory continued, as an album is a piece of shameless self indulgence that pretty much turned even his most devoted fans off.Given the troubles he'd experience within the past few years,MJ sounds more like a crybaby who wants pity than an artist making a dignified statement.Michael also sounds desperate in his choice of name producers to make this album sound contemperary(Jam &amp; Lewis,Dave Hall,R.Kelly etc).Scream sound like Rhythm Nation recorded by Nine Inch Nails,while songs like This Time Around, DS, 2 Bad sounds like MJ is a guest vocalist on the producers album(instead of the other way around).Childhood is sweet but self pitying ,Smile is just out of place,and Little Susie is the worst track ever to grace his post-Motown solo albums.Like Dangerous the best tracks are usually his own productions.Stranger in Moscow maybe his best post Quincy Jones production ever,while Earth Song reminds us of his midas touch.They Don't Care About Us is a very underrated track(probably due to the alleged racist lyrics), Money and Tabloid Junkie(a Jam &amp; Lewis production)takes a smart look at the price of fame.The title track is a long drawn out cut &amp; paste job that could've worked on a smaller level.The best song is R.Kelly's You Are Not Alone which,unlike the other producers, he tailor-made around Michael's abilities,as well as the most unpretentious track on the album.<BR> HIStory begins,the greatest hits portion,is also hit &amp; miss.Of course the greats are represented(Billie Jean,Beat It,Don't Stop..,Rock With You,etc)but what was unnessesarily included(The Girl Is Mine,Heal The World) outweighs what should've been included(Human Nature,Off The Wall,Dirty Diana,Say,Say,Say,Will You Be There).Maybe the best of &quot;continues&quot; should've been interspread with the old hits.It may not be HIStory but it would've justified his place in history
0066620996|5.0|I was required to read this book as part of the MBA program at Ivey.  It turned out to be extremely useful, and well worth the read.<br />This book has some unusual conclusions, such as:<BR>CEOs of emerging great companies have an ego focused on the company rather than herself :-).  They tirelessly look at ways to improve the company, and point to &quot;the team&quot; when success occurs.<br />Other interesting findings include the Hedgehog principle:  <BR>1 What are you the best in the world at?  <BR>2 What are you passionate about? <BR>3 What can we do to generate sustained revenue growth? <br />Solving these three questions in unison leads to a very profitable market position, and a company that is great to work for.<br />While this book reveals the secrets that make companies great,   it might also help you in your career choices, in your rise in management, and in your 401K selections.  <br />Pretty good for one book!
B000008LOV|5.0|Great music and a lot of funny songs and one sad one.Very few groups have this much talent.Roy was super good and will be missed.
B000069AUI|5.0|Enough said.  Everyones else's release in 2002 paled in comparison to Coldplay's 2nd album.  Melodic brilliance meshes with lyrics that are haunting while filled with warmth.  Buy this CD.
B00005Q3TZ|5.0|This is without a doubt the coolest and best-designed DVD set I own - and I own over 200 DVD's.<br />The packaging is beautiful and shows amazing creativity. Designed to look like a World War II pilot's journal, the simulated leather case wraps around the contents - equipped with post cards from the era, and and a satach wrapped in string!<br />Note: The 5 stars is for this DVD set, NOT for the film itself. The film I would maybe give 3 stars. Take out the love-triangle story, leave only the historical elements, and I give the movie 5 stars as well!<br />I wish people would rate the DVD instead of the movie here on Amazon.com...The movie, sure, but not this fine-crafted set...
B0000A1RJI|5.0|What an amazing soundtrack for Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl!  This album completely captures the feel of the movie.  I love it when I hear the soundtrack and can see parts of the movie that go with the music.  The only reason I gave it four and 1/2 is because the track names were a little misleading.  Each title was about a song late... e.g....number 12: Bootstrap's Bootstraps should really be titled over number 11: Skull and Crossbones.  But, all of the songs were in order of appearance (don't you just hate it when they are out of order?).  Also, this is a great soundtrack to listen to all the way through.  The songs blend into each other but you can still put one song on repeat and not get it cut off.  My three personal favorites are 1: Fog Bound because it has that Aztec-y feel in parts 2: The Medallion Calls because it has the 'Captain' Jack Sparrow theme and 13: Underwater March (or 14: One Last Shot) because it has that slightly sad music &quot;I feel!...cold.&quot;  All in all, this is an amazing soundtrack for anyone to listen to.  Buy it and listen!  <br />Acacia
B00009V8Z9|5.0|In a year where singer songwriters seem to be coming out of the woodwork and jumping straight up the charts, Gavin Degraw's debut 'Chariot' is a refreshing change.  Indeed, look at the list of recommended artists on this page and you'll see Josh Kelley, an artist easily confused with another name on the list, John Mayer.  Jack Johnson's sophmore effort is fantastic, but disappointingly similiar to his &quot;Brushfire Fairytales.&quot;  Gavin Degraw instantly distinguishes himself from start to finish on this soulful yet rollicking first album.  Having seen him in concert several times, I was doubtful that his studio efforts would capture the magic and raw emotion of his stage performances but, happily, I was not disappointed.  Tracks like &quot;Belief&quot; and &quot;More than Anyone&quot; are powerful yet incredibly sentimental, while &quot;Chemical Party&quot; and the title track &quot;Chariot&quot; are humourous and upbeat to the point that the listener cannot remain seditary until the end.  &quot;Just Friends&quot; and &quot;Nice to meet you anyway&quot; put thoughtful spins on situations that anyone could relate to.  Gavin's voive is unforgettable and his lyrics will haunt you long after the disc has finished playing.  He's a step above the rest and a refreshing change.
B00004TJWE|5.0|I could't recomend this album if you don't know what I'm talkig about.I think that there were magic years between 1965 -1972.In Poland we've lost some years about music and now I can descover what had happened at that time.It is not only Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, Ten Years After,Pink Floyd. The Rolling Stones and The Beatles..
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Finally, after many months of waiting, the Firefly DVD has come out! The show was one of the best series i have seen in a long time. Hopefully, there will the unaired shows included on this DVD. I rated it 4 stars just because it hasnt come out yet. I still dont get why FOX canceled the series even though it was popular.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I thought this was Britney's Best CD, I could play most of the songs without skipping songs.  I love Pop Music and this is definetly a good cD I would recomend.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Everytime I hear this CD, I go back in time to 1966. This is an excellent CD, one of Sinatra's best. This is among his finest recordings. I always feel just like I'm at the Sands, in the same room with this outstanding music. Frank and the Count Basie Orchestra are a great combination. Quincy Jones brings it all together, making it complete. The intro, which leads into &quot;Come Fly With Me,&quot; starts it off with a BANG. From then on, it's one great song after another. You'll LOVE this CD. By all means, BUY IT!
B00008MZ0O|5.0|At first when the movie came out I thought it was stupid to have a movie about Car Racing, so I didnt bother till the second movie came out, when I was forced to go with my Paul Walker loving sister, so to prepare I rented the movie and I loved it, It was so good, Im glad  I gave it a chance because I would have really missed out.
B000099T2L|5.0|I'm extremely satistfied with Beyonce's freshman solo project... Unique tracks... Keeps you interested all the way through the CD... Some throw backs to retro ... Guest appearances make these tracks even hotter... If you love Destiny's Child or even have a thing for tracks that keep your head-bobbin', then this album is a MUST-BUY!<br />Do your thang &quot;B&quot;
B00006X06U|2.0|As rabid a Joni Mitchell fan as I am, I just don't see much reason for this album to exist.  Yes, the orchestral arrangements are grand and cinematic, and yes she sings well.  But for the most part, she'd already recorded the definitive versions of these songs years ago.  Bloating the songs with gauzy string sections isn't necessarily putting them on a higher level, or shedding any new light on the material.<br />With the exception of &quot;Be Cool&quot; and &quot;You Dream Flat Tires&quot;, I can't think of a single song on here where I said to myself, &quot;If I were going to play this song to someone, I would play THIS version, rather than her original recordings.&quot;<br />Joni has always been such a forward-thinking artist, that going backwards into her catalog like this just sinks her into a directionless swamp.  Her original recordings of these great songs were like scalpels---cutting and healing in one swoop.  These orchestral reworkings are as sharp as oatmeal.<br />As a Joni Mitchell fan, I'm glad I *have* this cd.  I just don't think I need to listen to it much.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|From beginning to end, this is a great album to chill to, party to, drive to....as well as other choice activities.  It's a great mix of sounds that are consistently talented.  Gavin's debut efforts are phenomenal.  It brings a nice breath of fresh air in the midst of this too-catchy pop and too-angry rock era.  With Degraw's primary instrument being the piano, he earns a classical respect as a musician.  Overall, I probably won't take it out of my CD player for a good, long while.
0930289234|5.0|If I could give it a sixth star, I would.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is as Manhattan as a Green Apple Cosmo and a good episode of Sex in the City.  His music screams the image of cuddling in a comfy couch, with an expensive bottle of Valpolicella infront of a blazing fire.  Comfort, love, and emotion are all feelings that come to mind as I listen to his album.  This CD kicks!
0316921173|5.0|I can sypathize with the people who didn't enjoy this book - it is probably not for everybody.  However, I loved it.  DFW's prodigal command of the english language is astounding, the story is clever and captivating, and the characters are human and engrossing.  The book can get a little self-indulgent at times, but, all in all, for a 1000+ page book I think he strikes a good balance.  There is also a very interesting message behind the story - this book does reward critical thinking.  What I loved about this book is probably what many people hated: DFW begins the book by sucking you into a seemingly realistic, normal piece of contemporary fiction, and then slowly, as you progress through the book, you realize the world your reading about is surreal and fantastic, strange beyond anything you expected.  If you are the type of person that only enjoys strict realist fiction, don't read this book.  You won't like it.  If you are tolerant of a little imagination, give it a try.  I thought it was hilarious, meaningful, insightful, amazing, and captivating.  The best book I've read in a long time.  I especially felt that, in Infinite Jest, DFW uses post-modern literary techniques in such a way that they complimented the story/book as a whole, without sacrificing entertainment or interest; he struck a good balance between meta-humor / contextual awareness, and telling a funny story that the reader wants to read.  Too much art today is so self-indulgently post-modern and pretentios that they fail to ever connect with the audience (or at least with me).  I'll stop now before I begin ranting.  Infinite Jest - check it out, it seems you'll either love it or hate it, but on the chance you might love it, give it a shot.
B0000844IT|5.0|This DVD is probably the best and most well known work that Bruce Campbell had at least one real hand in producing.  In 'Army of Darkness', Ash (Bruce Campbell's character) is transported through time thanks to the evil of the Necronomicon. <BR>Falling (literally) into, or is it onto, the final stages of a battle between King Arthur of England and Henry the Red of the Scotland/Ireland area, Ash is thought to be one of Henry's men.  Taken prisoner by Arthur, Ash is condemned to die in The Pit.  However, things do not go as Arthur planned, considering that Ash kills one zombie-looking thing and then subdues another.  Ash then climbs out of the pit and manages to tick off Arthur.  The second zombie then somehow climbs out of the pit while managing to stay in one piece, but not for long.  With typical Bruce Campbell action, the character of Ash pulls out his sawed-off shotgun and turns the zombie into about 20-something pieces and then he (Ash) goes into a sales pitch for S-Mart, the housewares store where he works.<BR>Finally realising that he has all of the attention and respect of all the people, things finally begin to go his way, sort of.  <BR>Ash wants to get back to his own time, but the only way he can do that is go on a quest for the Necronomicon.  <BR>In a way that is conveinent for him because Arthur's wiseman wants the book to defeat the 'Deadites'.<BR>Although it is classified under horror, this DVD is anything but scary.  It is filled with sarcastic remarks, inside humour, and for all of the Three Stooges fans out there, look for some stooge-like antics during 'The Dead Awaken' sequence.  it's chapter 11 on the DVD.
067101756X|5.0|Unreal, spell bounding!!! I could not believe what I was reading.<br />I have had an interest in such topics, I was waiting for such a writing for awhile. Did not think someone would have the intestional fortitude.  The books does not  present itself in what if's, could there be, etc. BUT in actual fact as to  what ocurred in 1947 and future events.  We have learned little but gained some knowledge. Read the book and determine the difference yourself. <br />The facts---   most believable!!!, conerning the space craft and its contents. The large number of people, and their association with the incident mentioned ,adds credibility to the story line.<br />A MUST READ,
B000002J7U|5.0|This 9-track cd features some of the best New Age music that I have ever heard.  Although it is probably unintentional, each of the songs seems to flow like a story.  Some of the songs do flow together, like 'Voices' flows into 'Echos' or 'Messages' flows into 'Dream In An Open Place'.<BR>  <BR>The storyline that I got from the music was something along the lines of a struggle in a community (a famine, or a drought) and what is done to cope with the problem.<br />Although the cd is not narrated it is not difficult for someone to imagine this music as the score for a movie.  I don't know if it has ever been done with this album, but if it has been or will be, there won't be any complaining from me.
0812550706|5.0|At first I was turned off by the book because it was a Sci-Fi book.  When I was finally convinced to read it I found that it was much more than just a Sci-Fi book.<BR>The book follows the so-called childhood of an exceptionally intelligent boy by the name of Andrew Wiggen.  Andrew, called Ender, is a third child which is a negative thing in a population controlled world.  <BR>The world is under threat of another alien invasion from the buggers and as a result Ender is taken from his family to attend battle school, in hopes that he may be the one that can lead earth's armies to victory.<BR>As Ender deals with the seperation from his beloved sister and the challenges of battle school he finds inner strength he never dreamed he was capable of.  <BR>As I read the book, my heart went out to this poor boy in all of his trials.  It is an exceptional book that helps people understand that being the \\"best\\" at something, is not always the best situation to be in.<BR>After reading this book, I went on to read Speaker of the Dead, and I am now finishing Xenocide.  While neither of them have captured me like Ender's Game, they are still worth reading.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I had this one for almost 5 years but never heard it. When I read reviews of so many people calling it great, i tended to have a second look at it.. and i find it quite amazing.. one reason was that this time i listened it after listening to unplugged which is great. I didnt like it earlier because i didnt like either of the videos (thank you, so pure and unsent). Now i find thank yu an amazing song.<BR>My favourites would go like:<br />1. Joining You.<BR>2. Thank You<BR>(she has excellent voice here when she says disillusionment and silence).<BR>3. Unsent.<BR>4. One.<BR>5. I was hoping.(much better in Unplugged)<BR>6. Heart of the House.<BR>7. The Couch.<BR>8. Baba<BR>9. Are you still mad<BR>10. Cant not.<BR>11. Your congratulations.<BR>12. Sympathetic character.<BR>13. That I would be good.<BR>14. front row. (isnt this somewhat overrated by everyone)<BR>15. UR.<BR>16. So pure.<BR>17. Would not come (??? is this a song????)
B0000797IO|2.0|Sometimes a film can have a performance in it that is so good, and yet in the end you find yourself asking, `What's the Point?' That's the way I felt sitting through Michael Arteta's (Star Maps) THE GOOD GIRL, a film with one great character and many unrealized ones.<br />Jennifer Aniston (Picture Perfect) plays Justine, a clerk at a local Wal-Mart type store somewhere in west bumblefreak Texas. It's a small town where everybody knows your name, and more than likely everybody knows what your up too. When Justine begins to have an affair with a local boy named Holden (Jake Gyllenhal, Donnie Darko) Justine's life begins to unravel.<br />THE GOOD GIRL is a good movie. It has some heart and it has some really good laughs. It is also has a nice small town feel to it. Everything has that lower middle class waffle house look, and of course in any other film I'd expect a satirical look at this world, where all the characters are too big for their britches, but there is enough authenticity here that gives the film a strong visual feel.<br />Jennifer Aniston is wonderful as Justine. It's miles away from anything she's ever done before. This A-List Hollywood actress gets frumpy, without looking out of place. Every one of her character arcs is full and realized and in the end it's a gut wrenching performance without her having to go over the top.<br />There is a tendency in Hollywood films to play every horrible revelation in a melodramatic fashion. This film is full of death, birth, love, and humiliation and everything is understated. This works for the film when they concern the lead character. Those beats are powerful and strong.<br />It's when the subplots of the story branch off into the bizzaro world of the minor characters that I felt the movie lost its credibility. A character dies in the film on a note that felt fake and we soon learn that it was designed to emphasize a joke at the very end of the movie, that isn't very funny. I also didn't appreciated the, I won't tell your husband sex scene that also branched off into a world of stupidity.<br />Much of the problems with those scenes are that while Justine's character is fully realized none of the supporting cast seems to be. Ghyllenhal's Holden has two modes, over-stated and understated and they never quite gel. While he does a good job with his character his moods are motivated not by true character but by plot developments. I wish the screenplay by Mike White (Chuck and Buck) had played with the `Catcher and the Rye' character they kept alluding too. But alas he felt half-realized and that's a shame.<br />Also John C. Rielly (Chicago) and Tim Blake Nelson's (Oh Brother Where Art Thou) Bubba and Phil are also half realized. Two characters whom you wanted so much more from than sperm problems and silly infatuations. I really wanted to know more how these guys ticked, but alas most of what they gave back was underwhelming.<br />My final beef with the film is it's unbearably slow, and the end is kind of a let down. There's a perfect moment where Justine is at a crossroads it's a really great climax, and when she makes that final decision and the film goes on for 15 more minutes. Why? To try to tie thins up. I wished they had left them dangling.<br />Yes I have may problems with the Good Girl but I still think it's a good film, if anything to prove Jennifer Aniston could have a career past FRIENDS. Let hope she keeps making films like these. But she probably won't.ll your husband sex scene that also branched off into a world of stupidity. <br />Much of the problems with those scenes are that while Justine's character is fully realized none of the supporting cast seems to be. Ghyllenhal's Holden has two modes, over-stated and understated and they never quite gel. While he does a good job with his character his moods are motivated not by true character but by plot developments. I wish the screenplay by Mike White (Chuck and Buck) had played with the `Catcher and the Rye' character they kept alluding too. But alas he felt half-realized and that's a shame.<br />Also John C. Rielly (Chicago) and Tim Blake Nelson's (Oh Brother Where Art Thou) Bubba and Phil are also half realized. Two characters whom you wanted so much more from than sperm problems and silly infatuations. I really wanted to know more how these guys ticked, but alas most of what they gave back was underwhelming.<br />My final beef with the film is it's unbearably slow, and the end is kind of a let down. There's a perfect moment where Justine is at a crossroads it's a really great climax, and when she makes that final decision and the film goes on for 15 more minutes. Why? To try to tie thins up. I wished they had left them dangling.<br />Yes I have may problems with the Good Girl but I still think it's a good film, if anything to prove Jennifer Aniston could have a career past FRIENDS. Let hope she keeps making films like these. But she probably won't.
B000002H70|5.0|Disintegration nearly brings me to tears every time I listen to it. It's just such a beautiful piece of art that it almost hurts. I know that sounds a tad pretentious, but it's the truth. I don't think I can say much more about this album, but I will say that it is absolutely necessary that you get this CD.
B000031WD9|4.0|Many of the teen comedy movies that we are presented with today are raunchy spoofs of other movies or genres, such as the Scary Movie series and Not Another Teen Movie. This is one of the factors that sets American Pie above the others; it is a (somewhat) original idea about 4 friends who vow to lose their virginity by grauduation, but they have a problem: they don't know how to treat girls. The each have their own path that eventually leads them to the Prom, with or without a date. This a VERY funny movie. Many of the jokes are gross-out gags, but the beauty of it is that many of them are brand new (beer anyone?), and the ways the quartet go about wooing their prospects are great. Also, the girls are given substancial, if not equal, screentime as their male counterparts, so we can get to know them as well as our heroes. Finally, I would like to share some trivia that I just became aware of.  When Alyson Hannigan was first called in to do this movie, the filmmakers wanted her to play Heather, but she preferred the character Michelle.  If she had played Heather, there would have been parallels to her character Willow on the show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  1. She would date a guy named Oz.  2. She would sing a song called \\"Do You Believe In Magic?\\" (Willow was a witch.)  3. Oz finishes a song saying \\"Scooby bop\\".  Buffy's gang of friends is often referred to as the \\"Scooby Gang\\".  If you haven't yet seen this movie, get to your nearest video store and see it now, because, this one time, at band camp...
0393057658|5.0|Michael Lewis is not a name that comes to many people's minds when they discuss the best writers working today, but it should be.  He's a great wit, has a wonderful ear for dialogue, and a clever mind for seeing behind the ruses and props of the traditional powers of everything from finance to politics to, now, baseball.<br />A recent hot topic that has engaged many baseball fans over the last several years is the relationship between payrolls and winning.  More so than most professional sports, there is a lopsidedness to the size of payrolls between baseball's richest teams and its poorest.  This is important because many of baseball's wealthiest teams are also its winningest. <br />One large exception to this pattern is the Oakland Athletics.  With one of the smallest budgets in baseball, the A's have put together a team that also has one of the winningest records in the Major Leagues over the last five years.  Why? <br />According to Lewis, the key to the A's success lies in both economics and psychology.  The economics is that good, non-superstar baseball players have now become so expensive that there are financial constraints on small-market teams to acquiring them.  This, in turn, has also pushed a few owners to hire creative management to find other ways to acquire talent rather than just purchasing it on the free agency market.  <br />Still, many small-market teams remain stuck in the traditional ways.  The A's have not largely because of the psychology of their General Manager, Billy Beane.  Beane was once a baseball scout's wet dream; he could run, hit, field, throw, and was pretty level-headed for a young and talented kid.  What's more, tall and slim, he looked like a baseball player.  But Beane failed as a major-leaguer, and it was in his failure as a player that his genius as a General Manager was born.<br />Beane knew first-hand that scouts were often wrong and this intimate knowledge provided enough of an impetus for him to appreciate the new scienceof baseball statistics that other baseball people couldn't care less about.  The new science basically argued that the traditional baseball stats did not accurately measure what was most important to winning baseball games, and that other, newer ways of looking at stats provided a more efficient way of measuring talent that would help teams to win.<br />While this science had been building up among fans for some time, it was having a difficult time penetrating the inner sanctum of baseball management and professional scouts.  They had their traditional ways of figuring out what was a good baseball player and no fan was going to tell them differently.<br />Until Billy Beane arrived.  While Beane was no statistician, he was smart enough to see what the new science had to offer, and his background ensured he would be sympathetic to it.  After all, Beane had once been the scout's darling boy and he had suffered from overly high expectations because of it.  He knew how wrong scouts could be.  With Beane in charge, computer programs and Harvard grads were soon taking over the jobs of seasoned, professional scouts.  What happened after that forms the main story behind this marvelous book.
B00005JKZV|5.0|Loved the movie, thought it was better than the first, just becuase its more action-packed. The CG during Helm's Deep is absolutely breathtaking. I highly recommend. Of course, they did leave of almost an entire third of the book, the parts including Shelob for instance. But they'll be in The Return of the King. I'm eagerly awaited TTT's release on DVD and the extended version in November. A few cautions though, for those with qualing hearts:), avoid it like the plague, or the Uruk-Hai will have you on the spits.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|&quot;Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl&quot; is easily the best movie of the Summer. And the music that accompanies it is just as dramatic and fun as the movie itself.<br />Klaus Badelt, a relative newcomer to film score composing (&quot;The Recruit,&quot; &quot;K-19: The Widowmaker&quot;), has come up with a wonderful, original score here. It would have been easy enough to simply play instrumental variations of &quot;A Pirate's Life For Me&quot; eight thousand consecutive times to underscore the film, but Badelt wrote _original_ stuff. And it's _good_ stuff.<br />The soundtrack starts off with &quot;Fog Bound,&quot; an almost Celtic  piece that sounds like music from the period of the film itself. Track two, &quot;The Medallion Calls,&quot; is Captain Jack Sparrow's entrance theme, as adventurous and thrilling as the character is himself. Track three, &quot;The Black Pearl,&quot; and four, &quot;Will and Elizabeth,&quot; are also great adventure-type pieces, vivid songs that make you picture the movie scenes again as they play. Track five, &quot;Swords Crossed,&quot; is played during the scene where Elizabeth first sees the crew of the Black Pearl in skeletal form, and the music is a cross between New Age Celtic and the kind of eerie stuff you'd hear in a haunted house amusement ride. Track nine, &quot;Moonlight Serenade,&quot; is a slower, sweeter track, wistful and lighthearted at the same time. The last handful of tracks -- &quot;Bootstrap's Bootstraps,&quot; &quot;Underwater March,&quot; &quot;One Last Shot,&quot; and &quot;He's A Pirate&quot; -- are of the heart-pounding, action-packed variety that generally encourage one to drive a little more briskly than is strictly necessary while one is driving one's car with their &quot;PotC&quot; CD playing. Watch your speedlimit if you get caught up in the music -- and you certainly will.<br />The _only_ negative thing I can say about this CD is length; at 43 minutes, it's at average length for asoundtrack, and yet a two and a half hour movie certainly could have provided a fuller, hour-long soundtrack. But this doesn't lower my rating of the soundtrack, because somehow the length seems to feel just right. All of the best music themes are here; put in the CD, and you will finish it with a smile on your face and your fingers still tapping the rhythm out on the steering wheel. This is _great_ driving music, or exercise music -- it's not the type of music you can put in to play during a quiet evening while eating dinner with company. This music is adventurous, exciting, heart-pounding, even inspiring -- everything that makes a pirate story _good_. It's the perfect compliment to the movie, and stands alone as fabulous instrumental, orchestrated pieces, certain to sweep you up in the music and story itself.<br />And, seeing as we'll be suffering a dry spell between the time when the movie leaves theaters and when it comes out to own, I can think of no better remedy than the PotC soundtrack. Heck, get it now while the movie is still playing. You won't be disappointed.<br />Just watch that speed out on the open road.
B00005LC6Z|5.0|If your a halloween fan, there is nothing to be ashamed about halloween II (1981).  It's flawed but beleive me there was not many ways to make halloween II a better movie.  The movie starts directly after the first.  I understand it lacked the suspense of the classic original, I understand it was a bit on the gory side, and I understand the supporting cast was anoying compared to the first.  The fact that it followed the same  storyline which has been a problem in the halloween series and they brought back the same characters makes this entertaining. Donald Pleasence was once again awesome just like the original.  Jamie Lee Curtis was a great screem queen just like the original.  It's too bad Curtis spends most of the time in the movie lying on a hospital bed.  Two characters who were brought back from the original that made Halloween II succsesful were Sherrif Bracket and Marion Chambers.  Also, the supporting cast such as Jimmy, Bud and Karen Are not terrible but annoying.  In the classic original Halloweeen, the supporting cast was great to watch.  In Halloween II, after a while you will be happy most of the supporting cast dies.    For a movie with another low-budget just like the first Halloween, this is still not bad at all.  The creepy empty hospital environment created more suspense.  It would have better if they had not shown a large portion in the movie in the hospital, but that certainly did not ruin the movie.  Unfortunately,  Michael Myers is shown a bit too much walking in the hospital halls, which made it less suspenseful opposed to the original Halloween classic.  Another bad thing is that the movie was a bit on the gory side, where the original halloween was not gory at all but still very suspenseful.  This could be because by this time the first two gory friday the 13th movies which directly ripped of Halloween already came out.  The bottomline with Halloween II is that in the original Halloween, director, John Carpenter created suspense by makingthe viewer wonder what will happen at all times, without any gore.  In Halloween II, we only wonder what will happen next every now and then with some unneccesary gore.  The ending of the movie was great and intensifying.  This was clearly the best sequel of the series.  The movie was directed by Rick Rosenthal with the help the orignal Halloween director John Carpenter.  After the movie was released there was said to be beef between Rosenthal and Carpenter.  Where Rosenthal said Carpenter added a few violent scenes which ruined his movie.  Carpenter on the other hand said that he was involved in directed most of the movie and tried to explain to an ignorant Rosenthal how a horror movie should be made.  If you take a look at all horror movie sequels, especially the slasher-genre, Halloween II is like the best horror movie sequel out there.  Why do people say that this movie sucks because it was not as good as the original classic Halloween in 1978. I don't know.  Going back to what I said before Halloween II is flawed but still great to watch.
B00004XONN|5.0|I got this album for christmas 2001 - i hated every second. two years later its my favourite album of all time: why because i grew up. I stopped enjoying pointless repetitive radio friendly (and unfriendly) rock - i needed somthing more. One night - bored - i struggled for sleep and produced from the bottom of my cd pile kid a, i stuck it in the player and listened to it 17 times in a row, come morning i threw half my cd collection in a box never wishing to listen to it again. The sheer sonic weight of this album blows everything else out of the airwaves. It's epic, not 10 songs, but one song (one life) split into ten parts. For all those who hate it remember the emporer of austria told mozart he used too many notes...
B0000A1RJI|5.0|When you pop in this cd in your stereo, you're transported right into the movie. The music surronds you and its like you're there with Jack, Will, and Elizabeth fighting the pirates. Its...I'm at a loss for words. Just simply amazing and I think this soundtrack deserves a best movie score from the academy, or at least a nomination.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I can't say much about this score other than the fact that it's a loud, heavy, fun score. It's just really great to listen to. Makes you feel all excited inside. I can't wait for the DVD of the movie!
B00008OLYN|2.0|Opeth are a great band but this album is just forgettable. The songwriting is terribly simplistic and not progressive at all. Some songs have catchy melodies like &quot;In My Time Of Need&quot; or &quot;Hope Leaves&quot; but after the 10th listen you'll be bored to death by even those. This is more in the vein of Nick Drake, Sting and Neil Diamond than progressive-rock/metal. Nothing wrong with that if it wouldn't go under the moniker of a band who gave us prog-tastic masterpieces like &quot;Still Life&quot;, &quot;Morningrise&quot; and &quot;Blackwater Park&quot;.
B00005QDW1|5.0|I have been a No Doubt fan ever since Tragic Kingdom, and all I can say is that this CD is one of their greatest! This CD just shows you how a band can change their style of music and still kick A**! So many great songs in this album, trust me, once you buy it you will be amazed at how many songs you'll fall in love with.  Not to talk about all the songs you have probably already heard on the radio!   Once again: GREAT CD!
B00005UEAR|1.0|It's over folks. DT is done. Well, that's what this album firmly suggest. It was bad enough to hear them recycle the stuff from their better days (I&W, Awake) on \\"Scenes From A Memory\\" and try to pass it as a masterpiece (and almost everyone fell for it) but the constant musical thievery going on on this....dreck is too much for me to bear; stolen Pantera, Tool and Rush riffs everywhere. The lyrics are on elementary-school level; even Linkin Park writes more poetic stuff. And the 'songs' (and I use that term very loosely) never feel coherent nor do they have any climax. They just wander until they drown into unbearable noodling. If you like this stuff you're probably better off with any Yngwie Malmsteen CD. This is DT at their absolute lowest - music without any purpose or direction that serves nothing more than contract fulfillment. Now excuse me while I put in my Opeth-CD...
B000089RVX|5.0|Those truly are the words i would use to describe it. Normally, 'lovely' is not a word you hear together with metal, but there is something totally different about this album that creates some beautiful emotion within the hearer. <br />While Evanescence still has the trademarks of goth/metal, they have gone on a captivating tangent, weaving piano, and Amy Lee's strong, but ethereal vocals throughout. <br />No doubt you know them from their hit song \\"Bring Me To Life\\". While this song is absolutely amazing, their best effort i think is \\"Going Under\\". This song stayed on repeat for so long in my player, that i forgot that there was anything else to listen to! Loud, Dark guitars melted together with Amy's voice are a lethal combination, you won't want anything else again. <br />While not all of the songs on this CD are radio compatible, they are all simply wonderful to listen to. Fully Reccomended.
1563898586|5.0|Alan Moore is probably the best writer in the comics industry today.  With this series, he has come up with another winner.  As many of you have no doubt heard, it features a team of heroes (and villains) from Victorian fiction.  It is all brilliantly written, and Kevin O'Neill's artwork compliments the writing perfectly.  This is a must buy for any serious fan of the comic book genre.  I also think that many people who don't normally read comics will like it, too.
B00005K3OT|2.0|There are several things this film does right.  The acting and the writing of the dialogue are just fine, as is the pacing.  I don't have the problem that others who have reviewed here have with the pretentious/smug way in which the lead character sets out to fix other people's lives.  Everyone can relate to the idea of a non-conformist feeling alienated.  I have a small issue with the way the film recycles plots of other films without credit (Chocolat = Mary Poppins + Pleasantville + Like Water For Chocolate).  The big problem I have with the film is...The entire concept of the film!<br />Chocolat is a liberal fantasy film that perpetuates the myth that no one in the world had any fun until the liberals showed up.  Conservatives are depicted as evil or stupid or innocently mislead (because they didn't know better).  It never occurs to anyone having anything to do with the movie that people might want to embrace the Catholic faith as written *because they want to*.  The only morality embraced in the film is, \\"If it feels good, do it.\\"  That is certainly a point of view, while it might be a particularly childish one, but to state that anyone who doesn't agree with that view and live his life by it is a hate-filled, wife-beating, sociopathic arsonist waiting to happen is skipping a few logical steps, to put it mildly.<br />The blatant anti-Catholicism of the film is astonishing and reaches a pitch that is sickening.  This is one of the only permissible prejudices allowed in today's PC society.  Just try to imagine this movie if it were done any of the following ways:<br />-- Lead character sets up a chocolate shop in a community of fasting Buddhist monks, and berates them for not giving in to human temptation.<br />-- Lead character sets up a Peter Luger's steakhouse in a community of vegans.  Mmm, if you don't want this juicy porterhouse, you must be irrationally repressed, aren't you?<br />-- Lead character sets up a McDonald's and a Starbucks in an African village,and the anti-globalization folks \\"write the sermons\\" denouncing the temptation and disruption to the villagers' way of life that should be respected and preserved.<br />None of those movies could ever have been made.  But in this movie, the climax of the film (that is supposed to be joyous to us) is a pagan festival celebrated on Easter Sunday.  It never occurs to the makers of the film that Easter Sunday might be something worth celebrating on its own merits--or that a Catholic is as worthy of respect as anyone else.<br />The film sets up a strawman--Catholics/conservatives are bad, repressed people waiting to be saved from their own ignorance, and one shouldn't be a bad, repressed person--and then knocks it down.  Hooray for it.  Anyone who is in favor of being bad and repressed should certainly sit up and take notice....  Anyone who has already learned this valuable life lesson can feel free to move on to view other films.
B000077VR3|2.0|When I saw the previews for Moulin Rouge, I truly thought that it was going to be a good movie.  I like musicals and I like both Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman.  So when I saw it on HBO, my brother and I decided to sit down and watch it.  By the end, I was cheering - because it was over.<br />I could write a long review, or I could summarize it - I didn't like the acting, I didn't like the costumes, the choreograpy was terrible, the camera work was sub-par, and the unoriginal music drove me crazy.  The dramatic parts were stiff and the humerous parts did not make me laugh.  What a disappointing, terrible movie.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This is the easiest Radiohead disc to follow.  It's electronic, kind of poppy, alternating with slow guitar driven songs.  I don't listen to the words,  I only really listen to the music.  Everyone is copying Radiohead in this type of presentation.  It sounds like the last Interpol, Elliot, Notwist discs.  That style which Radiohead pioneered.  You don't have to listen to this numerous times to get it.  It really flows from the intial listen.  The songs flow into each other.  I think the electronic, layered songs are Radiohead classics.  The best slow song is &quot;A Punchup At A Wedding,&quot; but I still like the songs that sound like the ones on Amnesiac and Kid A.  Just my taste.  The whole disc is perfectly listenable.  As usual Radiohead continues to create a superior product.  When it's all over, I know this band will be considered one of the best of all times.  I would buy this without a doubt.
0064407667|1.0|For any parent who loves for there children to read books that cause them to come away with a feeling of hope, joy, strength, or at the least to have learned something beneficial, this book is not for you. It was dark, cruel and perverse with what I felt was sexual tendencies. As I told my 11 yr old daughter, there are absolutely thousands of good books out there to read. Don't waste your time on Lemony Snicket!
B0000047EC|4.0|This CD is a must have, the tracks are smooth and just so relaxing. Metheny and Haden blend beautifully. Every track is well arranged. The CD starts out with some very slow, soft tunes and they pick up a bit from the sixth track. I don't agree with the reviewer who claimed Pat Metheny and Charlie Haden were just playing 'bored old men'. Why, then do I only give it 4 out of a possible 5? Well, the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired of. The highs are not clear at all and the recording sounds muffled, almost sounds like a bad cassette played on a tape deck where the azimuth of the tape heads is out of alignment! But there's a way to get around the bad sound quality, it's a bit primitive but it works. Record the CD on a chrome or metal cassette tape with Dolby and adjust the bias settings. Then play it back without the Dolby or on normal tape setting. I know it sounds daft, but it really works, it's the only way I'll ever listen to this recording. The CD is gathering dust on my shelf. You could, I suppose, alter the high frequencies if you have a graphic EQ or a computer program that does it for you. I however am not so lucky - so it's a good old BASF Metal tape for me!
B000002H97|5.0|This album will forever be an all time classic.This is almost my favorite album of all time.Every single song on here is amazing.Its also hard and heavy too.I would rate each song,but I don't think you need to know the ratings on the songs because every song is probably 5 out of 5 stars.I will forever like this album because,no matter how much you listein to it,it just never gets old!And if you are a new fan of Metallica,get this instead of their new album &quot;St Anger&quot; because even though you probably might like it,this is far better.Every fan of metal or rock music should most defiantly own this masterpiece.A must have.
B000084T18|1.0|50 Cent's debut album \\"Get Rich or Die Tryin\\" brings nothing new to hip-hop  thats hasnt already been used over and over again. This album drops some scarce beats throughout, but 50 Cent's errant attempts at laying anything down lyrically fail miserably through an album that wholly lacks substance, innovation, and cleverness. 50 Cent's recent popularity is a sad testament as to what can pass as hip-hop in an industry that regards true talent as an afterthought. Essentually, \\"Get Rich or Die Tryin\\" is another lame CD on a long list of recent pop-rap that plays off all the same cliches in mainstream hip-hop that have generally fueled its demise. If you  want to listen to hip-hop that truely displays substance and character, listen to Blackstar, Mos Def, Common, Talib Kweli, Jurassic 5, and anything by the Roots.
B00006BTCA|5.0|Some of the best modern music you can possibly find.With catchy tunes that will never get out of your brain,great lyrics,awesome music,great guitar riffs,and a killer voice.Either way a modern classic.
B000069AUI|5.0|I read about this cd and listened to the tracks on this website and went and bought it. I have to say, the best cd to listen to when driving long distances. The mellowness and meaningful lyrics make you actually happy to have to be driving for so long! Scientist by far being my favorite track, the cd grabs you from beginning to end. There is no way on this earth you could regret owning this cd. Amazing and one of a kind!!!
B0000931OG|5.0|All I have to say is get this album as soon as you see it.Don't<BR>think twice
B0000542D2|5.0|What happened to the remastered sound on this movie.  Sounds muted and one would expect the songs to be remastered for 5.1 surround.  Not in the same league as the redone &quot;Yellow Submarine.  Great movie....for all the hype Miramax did a horrible job on this dvd.  Did not receive the treatment a movie of this caliber should get.  Look for an old copy of the original dvd release or the laser disc version.
B00006LLNU|5.0|Surely one of the darkest album's ever made in music history.Buy at all costs
B00005V3Z4|5.0|WHAT KIND OF NAME IS DONNIE DARKO? SOUNDS LIKE SOME SUPERHERO...<br />What makes you think it's not?<BR>This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. <br />just f*cking WATCH IT!!!
B000092ZYY|5.0|Hands' down the best album of 2003.Haunting and disturbing all the way out,But yet very catchy music that well never leave until you die.A must.
B00008CLOA|5.0|This refers to the SACD version. Not yet owning an SACD player, I first got into DVD-Audio, I purchased this title because I had read that the original recording was a four channel recording and if one had only heard the two channel CD version that we were missing the original intent.<BR>As luck would pass my way I found a Sony SACD display for a closeout price ... After checking the service menu I found only two minutes of CD time logged and zero minutes of DVD time logged. Not bad... until I realized [I needed more] .<BR>Was it worth it? Yes. I still only own two SACD titles due to the fact that my style of music is not available on SACD and may never be. Unless studios start to release all discs in multi options format I dont see adding much more time logged than when I purchased the unit other than repeated playings of TDSOTM.<BR>The SACD multi track sounds great to me. I did not listen to it to pick it apart for defects or anomalies that should not be there. Nor do I mind reading reviews of those that do. I listened for the pure enjoyment of being surrounded by the sound of a thirty year old recording that was a masterpiece then and now. I doubt SACD or DVD-A will become mainstays unless the music industry holds true to it's promise of almost twenty years ago of lowering prices once the technology was paid for. We're still waiting. Also recently in an average size college city, the largest music store did not even carry DVD-A or SACD because of no demand. Only the CC and BB with their dozen titles were to be found. Amazing.<BR>Buy the Disc and if not already plan on an SACD player or better a combo SACD/ DVD-A player or one of each.. And forget those that would debate that one format is the way to go. Both sound good. Very good. Enjoy the music.<BR>The Dark Side Of The Moon SACD is well worth the purchase price. If you're a Pink Floyd fan how could it not be.<BR>Now, if David Gilmore would just get off his lazy derriere (his words) and get out the DVD5.1 versions of \\"Delicate Sound Of Thunder\\" and \\"Pulse\\"...this Floyd fan would be content for awhile.
B00000I8NC|5.0|This is some of the best music you could possibly find anywhere.<BR>This is music for those who need to be disturbed.It may be an EP<BR>but it is well worth the giving price for don't be fooled by the need of tracks it is surely lenthy,about 30 minutes long.A true masterpiece
B00005QZ7U|1.0|Here's a few adjectives to give you an idea of just how bad this film is:  atrocious, HIGHLY overrated, badly acted, the worst film that I have ever seen, proof that Hollywood hype can dupe most people into thinking something is good with a few shiny costumes and a couple of big names, unoriginal, Christmas plays by 6-year olds are better than this, I would give it minus 3 stars if I could, so horrible you may want to give up tv and movies for a few months, monstrously unintelligent, disjointed, and a smash up derby is able to touch you more emotionally than this utter garbage.
B00000F14B|5.0|This is an extremely popular musical for many reasons and has probably been done in more community theaters than any other because it is just so much fun to perform and watch.  There are some great roles here besides the star role of Professor Harold Hill.<br />But Robert Preston owns this role.  And if we are honest with ourselves we really don't want to see or hear anyone but Shirley Jones sing &quot;Till There Was You&quot; or Buddy Hackett sing and dance &quot;Shipoopi&quot; or Hermione Gingold and Harold Ford as the Shinns.  Who can forget &quot;One Grecian Urn. Two Grecian Urns ...&quot;  And of course Ron Howard with a lisp as Winthrop Paroo.  And of course there are so many more.  The dialogue is just a hoot.<br />The costumes are wonderfully outrageous, especially all those hats.  The dancing is great.  And the amazingly talented Robert Preston will always be remembered for this role.  Everyone else comes across as imitating him or doing something strange because we all know Prof. Hill so well we don't want him any other way.<br />The disk has a really nice 30 minute documentary on the making of the musical with some of the original cast members offering memories of the shoot.<br />My kids loved this musical and want to watch it again every once in awhile.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|The music of the Pirates of the Caribbean is fantastic.  Very proper for a pirate movie.  Lots of songs really lift the spirit of adventure up in you.  Wish it had a little more &quot;historic pirate songs&quot; on it but I guess they can leave that to a follow up CD or something.  Great album.
B00009ATIX|3.0|A good movie, and visually great, but you have seen the basic plot on countless episodes of Star Trek, Next Generation.<BR>The story is very simple so most of the movie is close ups of the male and female leads.
B0000039PW|5.0|Biggie had this planed along time and for the G.O.A.T to make this album is mind blowin so if you like storytellin,witt,wordplay, and mad stlyes get this cd.
B00008H2LB|3.0|More like, 3.9999 stars. Its not good enough to be a four but anything less than 3.9999 wouldn't d it justice. First of all if you hated Linkin Parks first album then read no further and avoid Meteora like the plague. They already have  fan base of about a bajillion teenage fanatics why try to expand, yah? But all in all this album stands up to repeated listenings and exhibits far more diversity than their first album, but still has the ignature Linkin PArk \\"melting pot\\" flavor that makes metalheads cringe. Linkin Park took a few risks on this new album pushin their sound in a more \\"darkwave\\" less commercial sound by using more electronic flavored beats and doing a hell of a lot more sampling. The two solo pieces on the album stand out as the best songs on the album. Chesters solo piece, \\"Breaking Habit\\", literally breaks all of LP's habits. IT features no screaming, and no rapping. It's just Chester singing over a danceable pulsating electronic beat being played over an orchestral ensemble and some piano. It is surprisingly fast though. Chester truely displays what a great voice he has on this track...Shinoda's piece, \\"Nobody's listening\\", is the most different song LP has ever made. The beat is based on some drumming and an ancient Japanese flute (which name escapes me at the moment) Although lyrically DISMAL (this song displays the worst lyrics I've ever had the displeasure of hearing) this features some smooth rapping and of course, the flute part is very daring and beautiful. Session, Joseph Hanh's track, i awful and cannot even think abut coming close to \\"Cure for the Itch\\" on Hybrid Theory. The discs first three singles, \\"Somewhere...\\",<BR>\\"Faint\\", and \\"From the Inside\\" are pretty weak songs but very accurate indepicting what the rest of the cd is about. Somewhere I belong was played FAR TOO MUCH on Mtv and Mtv2 and if you aren't sick of it by now then there is something wrong with you. However, this album does contain a few more gems that are worth the priceof the cd. The next two best songs after \\"Nobodys Listening\\" and \\"BTH\\" are undeniably \\"Easier to Run\\" and \\"Numb\\". If you haven't heard these songs I suggest you go out and by the album because I cannot put into words how good they are. \\"Lying from You\\" also deserves a mention. Despite the fact that this is good cd well worth owning, I find \\"Meteora\\" to be a sidestep from Hybrid Theory rather than an Evolution, not mentioning the whole electronic addition to this cd. Linkin Park is basically making the same music as always. Think of Meteora as a mix of Hybrid Theory and Reanimation, thats the bes way I can put t. There are several othe flws to the cd. First of all it is far too short. Its only abou 7 minutes longer than Adema's Insomniac's Dream EP, which I will restate, is an EP! This cds i just wy too short and if I'm gunna be spending 12 bucks on something it had better be worth it. Secondly, as far as lyrics go, this cd is ATTROCIOUS. My eleven year old ister can write better lyrics than these guys can, plain and simple. SORRY MIKEY BUT YOUR LYRICS BLOW! \\"You ruined me, I'll run away, get away, I hate you but I hate me more, blah blah blah blah blah.\\" Awful. Thirdly, there isn't enough variation in the song structures. They have the same riff throughout the song, followed by a rapping verse, a screaming pre-chorus with rapping in it, a singing chorus, the same pattern followed by a bridge from Chester at about two minutes in the song which features a minute change inthe lyrics of the choru (by the way 2 minutes is far too early for a bridge), followed by chorus and then.... next song! But overall I find Meteora to be an enjoyable listen with plenty o' catchy tunes for teenage angst. Just don't think too hard about it, like I just did, or you'll get a headache. But for those seeking depth or good lyrics in their music, or hated Hybrid Theory, Please stay way. I'm sick of you complaining about Linkin Park I don't like em that much either but if you dont like it, dont listen to it!
0156027321|5.0|This is an excellent tale of a young man's adventure. It hits the physical, emotional, and spiritual aspects of the events that take place. I would recommend this book to anyone from teen to mature adult. The author has a unique style of writing and engages you and makes you feel part of the tale.<br />Buy this! Borrow it! But definitely read this amazing book!
B000092ZYX|5.0|Radiohead have returned with Hail to the Thief, perhaps their most sonically diverse offering, and in a time of pre-packaged pop artists and rock groups, this CD is just what the ailing music industry needs more of. Never afraid to alter their artistic preferences to offer a more palatable sound, Radiohead play to the harsh electronic strengths of Kid A and Amnesiac, while offering guitar driven, more melodic songs in the mix. <br />Fans of older Radiohead cuts will surely swoon when they hear songs like &quot;Where I end and you begin&quot;, the morose yet ironic &quot;2+2=5&quot;, and the leadoff single &quot;There There&quot;. The rhythm, structure and emotional feel seem to recall elements from The Bends and other earlier offerings. Still, these songs all bear the marks of a band that has come a LONG way musically since their grandiose magnum opus Ok Computer. This is not a return to form, since Radiohead has never had a distinct &quot;form&quot;: It's about evolution, experimentation, and emotion when you pop in a new Radiohead disc, wondering where they wish to take you next. <br />Radiohead's music flip-flops between the heavily electronic sound they perfected on Kid A and the more guitar laden, melodic tracks. Some songs even manage to find a balancing point between the two (Listen to the understated yet poignant piano hidden behind a background of electronic loops in &quot;Backdrifts&quot;). Hail to the Thief is engaging in this way: It is uncertain of itself and at the same time very solidly structured. This album should offer a lot to fans of the amazing tag-team of Kid A and Amnesiac, but may even win back fans of their older material who didn't bother with their experimentation. From top to bottom, a  fascinating listen. Who can guess what kind of sonic landscape they'll craft for us on their next outing?
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The music is amazingly good!  Listening to it brings you back to the movie.  It lightens your day and makes you start thinkin like a bloody pirate. <br />'Ay, but why's the rum gone?'<br />Peace
0670881791|3.0|If it were not for the few mentions of satellite dishes and cars, this book could have easily taken place two hundred years ago in a small Paris town. The backbone and detail of this story is wonderful.<br />Vianne has been running all her life. It was how she was brought up and how she's been bringing up her daughter. She has a secret desire to stop running and settle down in one place. She has a passion for cooking and specifically chocolate making, so it seems only fitting that she setup a chocolate shop. Many of the local townspeople and especially the local priest find this to be an act of defiance as the shop opens as Lent begins.<br />Through much of the book Vianne struggles with her own demons. Memories left by her mother still haunt her. It doesn't help matters that the priest despises her.<br />The story started out strong, but lost something along the way. The most climactic moments of the book happen halfway through and then the story just fizzles out, tying up loose ends. I was very unhappy with the ending, although all-in-all, it was a good book.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|The soundtrack is broken up into 15 tracks, 5 more than there should be.  Some tracks last less than 2 minutes.  These would have been better off combined with either the one before it or after it on the soundtrack.  This is clearly not a cd that can be played randomly.  It must always be played in the same track order which will limit its longevity.<br />Also missing is the short, yet grabbing piece used in the &quot;making of&quot; clips and none of the tracks pay homage to the character, Cap'n Jack Sparrow.  Otherwise than that, its a very powerful soundtrack and I am thoroughly enjoying it.
0385504209|3.0|THE DA VINCI CODE starts out as a murder mystery and then slowly evolves into a search for the Holy Grail. It reminds me in some ways of Hammett's MALTESE FALCON. The big difference is that THE DA VINCI CODE contains too much waste and is sadly lacking in stimulating characters and memorable dialogue.
B000002MIB|2.0|Live: Right Here, Right Now is one of the best sounding live rock albums ever produced. However, it suffers tremendously from too many indulgent solos and way too many tracks from the uneven For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge album. Many of the tracks sound just like the studio versions sounding like a greatest hits album recorded live with a poor tracklist.<br /><br />The album does contain many of the hits from the Sammy Hagar era such as \\"Right Now\\", \\"When It's Love\\", \\"Why Can't This Be Love\\", and \\"Dreams\\" among others. The album also contains two of his solo hits, \\"One Way To Rock\\" and \\"Give To Live.\\" While these are both good tracks, his signature song \\"I Can't Drive 55\\" is noticeably absent. Eddie Van Halen's solo \\"316\\" is surely an excellent showcase on the album but Michael Anthony's \\"Ultra Bass\\" is way too long and Alex Van Halen's drum solo is nothing spectacular. One senses these were pretty impressive to see live but sound indulgent on a live album.<br /><br />The album also suffers from featuring no less than 10 tracks from For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge and very little from the David Lee Roth era skipping completely over Van Halen II, Women and Children First, Fair Warning, and Diver Down. The addition of tracks such as \\"Dance The Night Away\\", \\"Beautiful Girls\\", \\"Everybody Wants Some\\", \\"Take Your Whiskey Home\\", \\"Unchained\\", \\"Mean Street\\", and \\"(Oh) Pretty Woman\\" and limiting down to 3 tracks from For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge would have helped this album big time. Hagar's singing on the few Roth-era tracks are decent but lack Roth's charisma.  On a high note, their version of \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\" is certainly one of the high points of the album. It's a shame that with all their strong material, they couldn't come up with a better live album. It reminds of you how Led Zeppelin released the lackluster live album The Song Remains The Same after releasing at least six classic albums with the only real difference being that this album sounds much better.
034537410X|5.0|If your interested in Dream Research and the different stages of sleep, check it out, it has some good info for you.  And it is presented in a better language than most of the Dream Research books, written so any one can understand it.<BR>If you want to learn how to dream lucidly (I was able to do dream lucid before reading it I discovered) its worth every penny.
B000002KKK|5.0|Deguello is a modern blues classic and ranks with Tres Hombres and Eliminator among their best albums. ZZ Top are clearly at their best as a raw blues band and on Deguello they are at their best. Billy Gibbons's vocals and guitar playing sound inspired throughout and the rhythm section of Dusty Hill and Frank Beard are so tight, you can set your watch to them.<br /><br />Every track here is great with a few ranking among their best. \\"Cheap Sunglasses\\" and \\"I Thank You\\" are the most popular tracks and are absolutely stunning. The former contains a killer riff and contains some excellent playing by Gibbons during the song's outro. The latter is a cover of the old Sam & Dave song which the band do extremely well. Other excellent tracks include \\"A Fool For Your Stockings\\", \\"I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide\\", \\"Esther Be The One\\", \\"Hi-Fi Mama\\", and \\"Manic Mechanic.\\" There's also an outstanding cover of Elmore James' \\"Dust My Broom.\\" ZZ Top would never be as raw as this again as they would add synthesizers to their sound starting with the Eliminator album. While albums after this one would sell millions more copies, none of them have aged as well as Deguello. Highly recommended to all fans of the blues.
B00000IL67|4.0|This box set has a lot of good matieral on it however I was very disappointed to find that only a few of his best hits are included in here and I did not buy it.  If you want a sampling of his music over his long career get this but if you want his best hits get The Best Of Alice Cooper: Mascara & Monsters, and Alice Cooper Super Hits (a cheap Compilation if u can find it here on amazon) and save yourself some money.
B00008MNYS|5.0|With this project, ROBBIE WILLIAMS validates to critics that he is currently the best and strongest musical influence on the charts and worth every penny of the multi-million deal he struck with EMI MUSIC.<br />All of this CD is musically brillant. WILLIAMS packs onto his compilation all the power and freshness of BRITPOP in a better  package than OASIS.<br />If you are a fan of BRITPOP then get this CD from the true king of pop.....eat your heart out the queen of pop...Michael Jackson !
B00000I07P|5.0|This is the one Bon Jovi CD to get.  It has several hits and is in my opinion the cd that put the band on the 80s rock map.  With unforgettable songs like Livin On A Prayer, and You Give Love A Bad Name, its a definite must for anyones rock collection.
B000089RVX|5.0|So I was driving in the car when I first heard \\"Bring me to Life\\"...and I was BLOWN away. Hard rock sound and a gorgeous melody provided by Amy Lee's vocals....with tag-team help from McCoy.<BR>I can't get enough of this cd.<BR>We FINALLY have a new band w/ enormous potential for longevity.<br />Thus far, and by far, the best tracks are \\"Bring me to life\\", \\"My Immortal\\", \\"Haunted\\", \\"Imaginary\\", \\"Taking Over Me\\", \\"My Last Breath\\" and \\"Whisper\\".<BR>Hell, the entire cd is amazing.<BR>Hell....AMY IS HOTTTTTTT.<br />BTW, in case you wondered, at the end of \\"Whisper\\", the choir is singing verses from the movie \\"The Omen\\".....which is ironic being that this band is quite Christian.<br />DJ FreakE<BR>(djfreake4u@yahoo.com)
0345440900|1.0|The advise in this book has caused some children trouble with growth due to inadequate nutrition.  Go over these techniques with a physician before trying them.
B000002HD5|5.0|The preceding 'Uptown Avondale' ep was the clue. A Holland-Dozier-Holland cover and 'Band Of Gold' slowed down to a grunge-soul classic. This album was the fruition of that direction. With the added angst of being an album about 'love'. Lost love, failed love and love tearing itself -and the combatants- apart. Emotional destruction.<BR>Which works perfectly.<BR>The background to the opener 'If I Were Going' moves along subtly as Greg Dulli croons \\"It's all a lie/It's nearly dead/It's in our hope, baby/It's in our bed...\\" before you hit the explosion of the title track itself : that false-start drum intro and then those swirling harsh guitars leading into the furious riffing behind Dulli's half-croon half-snarl. \\"I'm a gentleman...\\" he sneers.<BR>This is an album of recriminations. Songs of love can so easily become embroiled in cliche but the tale Dulli wants to tell is shot through with bitterness, longing, lust, loss, what we think of as love together with a hatred bordering on misogyny. Maybe. Things are never quite that simple. What is conveyed perfectly is how when things go wrong in love we're all just a mass of fluctuating and changing emotions. A mass of contradictions.<BR>'Be Sweet' sees the familiar story of the protagonist seeking consolation elsewhere. The initial chiming, resounding guitars lead to a controlled thrash. Musical schizophrenia. Quiet then loud. The woozy guitar at the end as Dulli sweetly serenades, \\"Be sweet, be sweet...\\" set this song up as one of the album's highlights.<BR>The scratchy guitars and handclaps of 'Debonair' lead into the songs contradictory heart of vulnerability (\\"So now I go to Hell/For what I done to you...\\") and rancour (the outright threat of \\"Someone's going down...\\"). All is contradiction. And it all makes sense.<BR>'When We Two Parted' sets a lower pace but the emotional intensity does not drop at all. This song is central to the beating, bruised heart of this album and perhaps contains the key refrain : \\"Every night I spent in that bed with you facing the wall/If I could only once have heard you scream/To feel you were alive instead of watching you abandon me, yourself...\\". The guitars grind on in anguish to the song's conclusion.<BR>Molten guitar and piano make up 'What Jail Is Like' as Dulli's confessional becomes almost uncomfortable. \\"Tell you a secret/We shared a needle once or twice/Loved her, she loved me/We slept together a couple of times...\\" and \\"Think I'm scared of girls?/Well, maybe but I'm not afraid of you...\\". The heartfelt vocals and the meltdown of those guitars... <BR>The sweet vocals of Marcy Mays lend the album its female perspective on 'My Curse' but there are no easy answers there either : Your kisses disturb me...\\". Still, there is beauty everywhere.<BR>And then the ending. A prayer. 'Closing Prayer'. All strings and bleeding instrumental hearts...<BR>On reflection, you can see the cover shot says it all : a young boy looks off into the distance, hurting, lost in his thoughts, lost in hurt; the girl is lay on the bed behind him, slightly out of focus with a slight smile playing over her lips...<BR>Okay, this album is of the grunge era. But it is not quite grunge. The Afghan Whigs just sound like The Afghan Whigs. Which is why this album is timeless. And one of the best of the last ten years. \\"I'm sure we'll all be friends...\\". Yeah, given distance and the passage of time, I'm sure we will be...Just don't expect an easy ride. Which is what makes the whole thing worthwhile...
B0000508U6|5.0|I love love love this cd. I took it to Europe and I couldn't stop listening to it. Each song captured a mood and feeling that I keep wanting to have over and over, hence why cd players have repeat, and this is one of the best cds I own.
B00005LQ04|5.0|This movie is a feast for your eyes! The colored lighting is extremely effective and beautiful in a dark way. The soundtrack is one of, if not my favourite soundtracks. The music's creepy as hell! The atmosphere is just amazing, I am yet to see a film with an atmosphere like this one. My one beef with this movie is the story line, It builds up to a climax/ending that seems almost over simplified, and almost anti-climactic; but then I am yet to see the sequel. I'd recommend this to anyone with an open mind.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Should be a must see for all of our youth (with a little editing).<br />Technically very well done.  Acting also superb.  Great message of sacrifice for the common good.<br />Can you tell I like it!  Even better than GETTYSBURG.  GODS and GENERALS doesn't even come close.<br />My all time favorite.
B00003CXA2|5.0|Rarely does a movie come along that is amazing as this one.  I have seen this amazing film at least a million times by now and I never get sick of it.  I still cry during the sad parts and feel joy for the characters when something good happens to them.  The movie follows a lovable character named Forrest Gump through his amazing, and many times, very funny life.  He is played by Tom Hanks who turned in a stunning performance.  This movie is a classic and deserves every oscar it got-if not more.
B00008S2VG|4.0|Madonna's latest release, &quot;American Life&quot; has had to grow on people from the first listen. For my reveiw title I really shouldn't have said &quot;Commercially Terrible&quot; because as far as record sales go, it has done horribly in the U.S. but around the world it has sold over 13 million copies to date. (platinum in 6 countries and gold in 15. when you do the math it adds out to about 13 million) This would be great for any listener<BR>Stand out tracks<br />American Life<BR>Hollywood<BR>Nothing Fails<br />I'm So Stupid<BR>Die Another Day
B0000019PA|5.0|ok, first of all. EXCELLENT. I guess this album isn't for everybody. But I can't figure out why. When you listen to genius lyrics like in &quot;Holland, 1945&quot;, funny lyrics (&quot;King Of Carrot Flowers 2&quot; I love Jesus Christ hahahahahahaha.... that's really good) and just an excellent sound how can you avoid falling in love with it? I can understand the sound they put out is far from mainstream dribble (thank god) but the songs are catchy enough to even appeal to the millions who are into that kind of music. So frankly, i am sick of hearing it from people who don't like this album. You know what your problem is America, and I want you to really listen to me, YOU HAVE NO MUSICAL TASTE. I do have to say though that about 97% of the reviews on this page are a full five stars and that is good. Anyway I have said my piece. And I take my leave.
1400031354|5.0|Mr. Matekoni once had a snake killing dog.  Now he has the promise of Mma Ramotswe to marry him.  He deems himself fortunate.  Men are like cattle.  If they are well looked after they become fatter.  Mma Ramotswe has a problem with the services of her fiance's maid and she makes an enemy, alas.  It is decided that the couple will move to the house on Zebra Drive.  A tenant for Mr. Matekoni's house is to be be found.  Mma Ramotswe knows one has to be careful not to alarm men about diamond rings.  After the diamond ring is purchased she starts to cry because her first husband did not buy anything for her.  <br />The secretary of the No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency understands confidentiality.  A Mrs. Curtin arrives to try to find out what happened to her son ten years ago.    Mma Ramotswe knows that the search for Mrs. Curtin's son is to be a stale enquiry.  It may be unrewarding for all concerned.  A woman in the village where the detective investigates the disappearance believes that the boy was sucked up by a whirl wind.  <br />Things are changing in Botswana and now there are orphanages.  Mr. Matekoni visits one run by a friend of his mother. He works on engines there for no pay. The matron at the orphanage suggests that Mr. Matekoni consider adoption.  He wonders if he has the energy to embark upon such a venture.  He acquires two children, a brother and a sister, to present to Mma Ramotswe.  Mr. Matekoni realizes that he has done something momentous by bringing the children to his house.  He indicates to his maid that they will be remaining for a long time.  Mr. Matekoni and the children go to town in an old truck.  He wants to buy them some clothes.  While in town they encounter Mma Ramotswe.<br />Mma Ramotswe travels to the site of the former collective enterprise.  The scheme had not worked out.  One cannot grow vegetables on the Kalahari.  The Americans have sent rockets to outer space but they still do not understand other people.  The boy died but is somehow present Mma Ramotswe intuits. <br />A new client arrives.  He distrusts his wife.  One must have a working supposition to prove or disprove.  It is the suggestion of Mma Ramotswe that her newly appointed asistant detective, promoted from the secretarial position, talk to the maids.  It is discovered that there is another man in the picture who is, in fact, the father of the client's son.<br />The plot twists and turns, becoming more interesting on each page.  If anything, this is even better than the first book in the series.
B000002H8F|5.0|DAMN GOOD! give it a chance...
B00009V7P8|5.0|From time to time, an artist or musical group will influence a new wave or genre.... Damien Rice has done just that. If you do not own \\"O\\", now is the time to purchase this phenomenal album.<br />I'm an avid music lover. From Led Zeppelin, to Aerosmith, to Prince to George Strait.... My taste is all over the map. But, I've never been as drawn to an album as \\"O\\". The music of Damien Rice is simply beautiful. Your heart will ache and you may find yourself shedding a tear.<br />Imagine Radiohead with a blend of piano, cello, clarinet, and guitar. Damien Rice has crafted a masterpiece. Lisa Hannigan adds a powerful, soothing backup vocal to the album. Songs like \\"Volcano\\", \\"Delicate\\", and \\"Cold Water\\" will leave an everlasting mark on your musical ear.<br />Damien Rice will become a standout household name within 6 months. The world is tired of the bubble gum pop and rap/rock image.... Even Britney Spears herself has jumped on the Damien Rice bandwagon according to a recent interview. <br />No matter what your musical collection may hold, \\"O\\" is a MUST HAVE album. Skeptics will become fans, overnight. This is the type of album you keep in your car for those lonely nights on the road. After listening to the 10 tracks, your total concept of time and place will be lost.<br />Thank you Damien Rice.... Thank you for bringing MUSIC back to life.
B00005JKJA|5.0|A knockout of a film, starring two gorgeous women (and some more beautiful ones in smaller roles). By far the best film Lynch made, too, the culmination of his career so far. On par with anything ever done in Europe by Fellini, Bunuel, Antonioni, etc. But please keep in mind that this is a difficult film and you won't get much out of it if you try to use it for background entertainment. There is a superb review in The Perfect Vision magazine which explains the enigmas of film. It's worthwhile to see it once, read the &quot;decoder&quot; and then see it again. Better yet, buy it and see it time and again. It is the best DVD I have thus far bought.
1565847032|5.0|The negative reviews of this book on Amazon are absolutely laughable. <br />First of all, regardless of your views, the editors of this collection of lectures and discussions should receive some special recognition.  The book is very well put together and reads like a novel. The access to footnotes and the amount of information contained in the footnotes is astounding.  Undergraduates in the social sciences have found their new go-to site for writing last minute term papers. <br />Chomksy is not particularly \\"critical\\" of \\"popular ideologies and organized structures\\" as one reviewer states, he just outlines and explains them for what they are and how they work.  He leaves it up to the reader to decide whether they like it or not. It just so happens that most readers will find the workings of corporate America and US foreign policy to be unsettling if not disturbing.  Personally, I'm not that bothered about the way our government \\"manufactures consent.\\"  It's kind of one of the main foundations of our way of government. But to deny the plain truth of how our country works, for right or wrong, is just folly.    <br />\\"Never one to be influenced by the facts of whatever issue he is writing about Noamie will twist all logic and reason...\\"??? What is this reviewer talking about?  Maybe I just can't understand him because he's talking out of his ass.  How many books have you read that need to start up a website just to post the footnotes? Chomsky knows what he is talking about and it shows. He intelligently shoots down every argument or popular misconception raised by his (very well educated) audiences with respect and clarity.  He even invites further discussion on the points that they raise.  And he does this on the spot. Chomsky's vast knowledge and grasp of his subject matter cannot be denied no matter what your political views so I don't know why his detractors even bother anymore, they just end up sounding like idiots. <br />I can see why people disagree with the way Chomsky feels that the world SHOULD work but if you don't believe that this is the way the world works NOW then you need to get out more. Go to some of the countries where the US conducts its questionable foreign policies. Spend some time in a power position in a large corporate conglomerate or a major university.  <br />Even though many of the discussions in this book took place many years ago, I was surprised by their immediate relevancy to the issues in our world today.  Today, even after the horrible events of September 11th, one is hard pressed to find serious discussion of US foreign policy and its effects on the world in the popular media.  The one page note on the events of September 11th at the beginning of the book nicely points out to the reader the entire purpose for the book...\\"We hope that the book will provide a starting point for understanding, and will contribute to the critical debates-and changes-that must now occur.\\"<br />A very well put together book.  Nice work fellas
B000005HNQ|2.0|I had heard so many good things about this band that I bought two of their albums (this one and \\"Mandylion\\"). Well, the accolades given to this band are unjustified.<br />Anneke's voice is WAY over the top. One reviewer stated that \\"she sounds like she's singing showtunes,\\" and that's an accurate assessment. Her vibrato is exaggerated, although she does have a unique style that works with some of the tracks.<br />But there's no variation is song-tempo, which ultimately makes for a dull listen. If you're partial towards hard rock/metal with a female vocalist, you can do better than this (i.e., Nightwish, Lacuna Coil, Evanescence...Amy Lee's vocals are unmatched, I'm sorry).<br />Either this album blows you away or it doesn't, and I belong with the latter category.
B00006LPER|5.0|The Piano Teacher shows us a few days in the life of a disturbed woman who is both victim and victimizer.  Isabelle Huppert briliantly plays the part of Erika Kohut, a middle-aged piano teacher at a music college in Vienna.  Annie Giradot is no less effective as her domineering and watchful mother.  The two women abuse one another physically and verbally.  This relationship is long standing and comes to a crisis as the film progresses.<br />Erika is unable to break the bonds that attach her to her mother.  Instead, like a child who has never grown up, she wants to please her mother, but is driven to act out her own fantasies secretly.  Her mother appears to be unaware of the deep seated repression that is consuming her daughter.  What she does see is an angry, hateful person who lies to her and deceives her frequently.<br />Erika's sexual frustration takes the form of physical and pschological self-hate.  She visits porn shops to degrade herself and she mutilates her body to distract her from the intense psychological pain she suffers constantly.<br />At school her anger takes the form of verbal abuse to her students who are unable to achieve the artistic integrity she demands.  What appears to be an inflated sense of her own importance as an artist masks her frustration at being second-rate.  She is not good enough to be recognized as an artist in her own right.  Her hatred of herself and her inadequacy as an artist prompt her to strike out at students and colleagues alike.<br />Into her seething cauldron of despair comes a young engineering student, Walter Klemmer, wonderfully played by Benoit Maginel, who wants to study Schubert with her.  At first she refuses him, but pressure by the school to accept him forces her to work with him.  The sexual tension between teacher and pupil is immediately apparent and moves forward to a collision some reviewers have likened to a bad car accident.<br />In the end we see Erika and her student reduced to the lowest common demoninator as human beings.  At first Erika is successful at dominating her young student, but the tables are turned as she becomes dependent on him.  Both teacher and student are playing a zero sum game to lose.  The final climax and its denoument leave Erika a wounded, broken woman.<br />The director, Michael Haneke, elicits finely tuned performances by all the players, particularly Huppert, who is magnificent in the title role.  Haneke has made this film for adults only.  It is dark and disturbing from beginning to end with moments of pain and violence that are as real as anything one is likely to see on the screen.<br />Huppert as the piano teacher has no redeeming qualities we are able to see in the short space of time covered by the film.  Viewers looking for a pleasant and agreeable entertainment are urged to search elsewhere.  Haneke shows us a dark side of life and he is unflinching in its portrayal.inator as human beings.  At first Erika is successful at dominating her young student, but the tables are turned as she becomes dependent on him.  Both teacher and student are playing a zero sum game to lose.  The final climax and its denoument leave Erika a wounded, broken woman.<br />The director, Michael Haneke, elicits finely tuned performances by all the players, particularly Huppert, who is magnificent in the title role.  Haneke has made this film for adults only.  It is dark and disturbing from beginning to end with moments of pain and violence that are as real as anything one is likely to see on the screen.  <br />Huppert as the piano teacher has no redeeming qualities we are able to see in the short space of time covered by the film.  Viewers looking for a pleasant and agreeable entertainment are urged to search elsewhere.  Haneke shows us a dark side of life and he is unflinching in its portrayal.
B000002U9W|5.0|This cd is amazing.  It is the best pink floyd cd.  Considered as one of their experimental albums, Atom Heart Mother bring out the best in Pink Floyd.  Atom Heart Mother is amazing, so is fat old sun, and summer '68, and so is if, and of course alan's psychedelic breakfast...wait that's the whole cd!  If you are a pink floyd fan you will like this cd, if not...you'll still like it.  So go buy Pink Floyd-Atom Heart Mother!
6305291446|3.0|Halloween H20 is a nice attempt to return to the core of the Michael Myers saga, but I think it comes up a little short in several ways.  First off, you have to forget that films three through six in the series ever happened, which is a pity given that I enjoyed those more than most fans seemed to.  Now, I am sure you remember Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis), Michaels sister whom he tried to kill on several occasions in the somewhat distant past, the one who survived only to be killed in a car accident a short while later.  Well, not only is she not dead, she has made two big mistakes in her new life as Keri Tate: she has had a son named John (Josh Hartnett) who has never seen a comb or hairbrush in his seventeen years of life, and she has developed some kind of relationship with a character played by Adam Arkin.  I do not know why I dislike Adam Arkin so much, but I was begging Michael to kill him from the first moment I saw him.  Anyway, Lori/Keri is now the headmistress of a supposedly highfalutin school in California, yet even after twenty years she is fighting her brothers demon, seeing his face over and over again every day.  Her son knows the whole story, but he is tired of being overprotected, telling his mother that Michael is dead and no longer a threat - despite the fact that they never found his body.  He is just a boy, but he should know better than to think Michael is out for the count.  A little break-in and bloody mayhem at the home of Dr. Loomis former nurse gives Michael all the information he needs to find his supposedly dead sister.  Since it is Halloween, Michael thinks it is only fitting to celebrate the anniversary of his old murder spree with his newly discovered family.  With only seven potential victims at the school (everyone else in the class having gone camping in Yosemite  why the school would organize a camping trip on Halloween is the biggest mystery of the whole movie), there is really not enough carnage to go around, but the movies opening walk down memory lane and a later reenactment of sorts by Lori of her trademark closet sanctuary escape plan help make up for some of the disappointment.  The most impactful moments of the film are the occasions when Lori and Michael come face to face for the first time in twenty years, although Alan Arkins little gun adventure qualifies as my favorite moment of the film by far.<br />Halloween H20 is a lot of fun in several ways.  The manner by which a supposedly-dead Michael keeps appearing, even after twenty years, to a haunted Lori in mirrors and reflections is presented very well.  I loved LL Cool Js character Ronny Jones, the school security guy and frustrated romance writer; he supplied many a laugh to help fill the void of no murders taking place for far too long.  Jamie Lee Curtis mother and Psycho shower victim Janet Leigh makes a fun cameo as Loris motherly secretary, and it was nice to see Dr. Loomis chain-smoking former nurse again.  I was especially gratified to hear a voiceover of Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasance) in the opening credits.  For me, Dr. Loomis was as much a part of Halloween as Michael himself, and these films made since Pleasances death really lack the spark he always brought to the drama.  Speaking of no spark, though, I have to say I am not a fan of the new guy behind the mask.  Chris Durand does not seem to bring anything to his character.  I know that Michael is evil incarnate and pretty much dead inside, but he really just seemed to be going through the motions this time around.  Finding out that he had been tricked and that his sister was still alive after all these years should have infuriated him, but Michael looks bored throughout this whole movie.  There is one scene I especially hate; we look into Michaels eyes and see a reflection of a budding young victim; to me, Michaels eyes are supposed to be so black and empty that they will not reflect anything at all.  Sadly, Michael is justnot himself this time around, and the fact that he continues to have so much trouble killing one frightened woman is really starting to make him look pretty weak in my eyes.<br />All in all, though, the film is well worth seeing, if for nothing else than for the special little treats that long-time horror fans will appreciate.  A more impressive actor behind the mask and a lot more bloody mayhem might possibly have made this movie something special, though.not himself this time around, and the fact that he continues to have so much trouble killing one frightened woman is really starting to make him look pretty weak in my eyes.  <br />All in all, though, the film is well worth seeing, if for nothing else than for the special little treats that long-time horror fans will appreciate.  A more impressive actor behind the mask and a lot more bloody mayhem might possibly have made this movie something special, though.
0140437843|5.0|I was highly impressed by this novel of arts, society, morality and immortality. It has to be one of the most deepest things that I have ever read. One thing that bothered me a little was how Oscar Wilde went through this long winded prose and at times became a bit essay like but it had gave me food for thought.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I loved this! I never thought I'd actually end up listening to instrumental music, but this one tops everything! The music is very moving, especially the grand melody that keeps reappearing in some of the songs. The Irish fiddle was a very good addition, and all in all this music had me up and dancing, til I realized it wuz instrumental! It was a very good accompaniment to the movie, and moved as fast as Johnny Depp jumped from ship to ship! Buy this everyone! You won't regret it!
B00005JLZN|5.0|THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE is, I believe, a much better film than many fellow reviewers would indicate. Perhaps they are influenced by the reviews that came out in the media at the time of the film's theatrical release, perhaps the Editorial slam on the Product Page by Bret Fetzer taints opinion.  I would urge you to see and/or buy this DVD, keep an open mind, and witness the effect on your own emotional response.<br />Kevin Spacey fleshes out the title role as a believable philosophy professor who speaks against capital punishment in the state of Texas which just happens to be the place where more executions are performed than any other state.  He is not without problems: alcohol, a drunken sexual relationship with a former student, and an awkward but deeply significant relationship with Constance (Laura Linney) who later when found 'murdered and raped' on videotape results in the arrest and conviction of Spacey's Gale, now facing death on death row.  Laura Linney is most credible as a driven anti-death penalty activist for reasons we discover are beyond the range of civil rights reponsibilty.  The third part of this triangle is the reporter brought in to investigate Gale's claim to innocence in the last four days of his wait on death row.  Kate Winslet captures all the parameters of this contemporary woman with seamless detail. To tell more of the story would be injurious to the unfolding of this worthwhile drama.<br />For a 2 hour plus movie THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE manages to hold our interest, encouraging us as viewers to keep our invetigatory eyes and ears open and struggle along with Winslet and her cohort to finally put together all the pieces of the puzzle.  Others have complained that the clues are in every scene: isn't that true of most crime investigations?  I see no fault in placing all the information in front of the audience to test the observation of the viewer as much as the skill of the screenwriter in resolving a case with the important message of this film.  Alan Parker uses a lot of visual tricks in addressing the facts of the crime and even makes interesting parallels in the background music (the fairly obvious metaphor of TURANDOT arias by the presuicidal Liu appear repeatedly).<br />In the end this story is on a par with DEAD MAN WALKING as far as a significant plea for anti-Capital Punishment voices.  See it for yourself.  The skills of actors like Kevin Spacey, Laura Linney, and Kate Winslet pledging belief in this script can't be ignored.film.  Alan Parker uses a lot of visual tricks in addressing the facts of the crime and even makes interesting parallels in the background music (the fairly obvious metaphor of TURANDOT arias by the presuicidal Liu appear repeatedly).  <br />In the end this story is on a par with DEAD MAN WALKING as far as a significant plea for anti-Capital Punishment voices.  See it for yourself.  The skills of actors like Kevin Spacey, Laura Linney, and Kate Winslet pledging belief in this script can't be ignored.
B000092Q7O|5.0|The depiction of how the Jewish were treated brings out empathetic feelings for those who suffered through the experience.  It leaves one wondering how such atrocities could have really  happened.  The strength and determination of the human spirit to survive through such deprivation is awe inspiring.  The movie is long but worth it.  This true story based movie is excellent.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I am writing this review after my review of &quot;Gods and General.&quot;  I realized the measure of any subsequent movie would be &quot;Gettysburg,&quot; and the problem is going to be that it is a hard act to follow.  Gettysburg is everything a historical novel to movie should be.  Start with a Pulitzer prize winning book, &quot;Killer Angels.&quot;  This is impeccable story telling.  On the confederate side, Martin Sheen as Robert E. Lee and Tom Berenger contributed career best performances and compelling chemistry.  On the Union side, Jeff Daniels as Colonel Chamberlain, C. Thomas Howell as his brother and Lieutenant, and Kevin Conroy as the tough old Mick Sargeant /veteran, provide the compelling chemistry.  Sam Elliot fits the part of a veteran cavalry General perfectly.  In fact, I can't think of anyone that fits the part of acting from the saddle better.<br />If Stonewall Jackson had lived and had surrounded the federal troops at Chancellorsville, the war might have ended.  If Lee had listened to Longstreet and withdrew from Gettysburg to high ground of his own choice, he might have won the battle and ended the war. This defensive style of fighting is why Lee earned the nickname &quot;Gray Fox.&quot; Lee made the same mistake as Union General Burnside at Fredericksburg in advancing troops uphill against an entrenched enemy while taking canon fire on three sides. If General Meade had pursued Lee out of Gettysburg to where he was backed up against a storm swollen and impassable Potomac River, the war might have ended.  Instead,  war went on for more than two more years, and the death toll rose to over 615,000 Americans.  This section of American history is critically important and what will be a set of three movies will serve a very commendable purpose.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|So much great has been said about this album, and other's reviewed this album in much better fashion that, simply put, my words can't do it justice. <br />Although this is a debut release, the band come off as seasoned veterans, and vocalist David Lee Roth undoubtedly ranks among the best frontmen in history. He has justly earned the nickname \\"Diamond Dave\\". His instantly recognizable voice and off-the-wall stage antics really come through just from hearing the music! He commanded the stage with a cocksure swagger, captivating the audience. His high pitched wail and spoken dialog on songs like \\"Running with he Devil\\" is instantly memorable. <br />And with all this David Lee Roth talk, I almost forgot about Guitar-Player Extraordinairre Eddie Van Halen. A Dutch immigrant, his family moved to the West Coast years back, and young Eddie was well-versed in Classical Piano before trying his hand at playing the Guitar. According to legend, he spent hours at home practicing, honing his craft until he could play solos at Rapid speeds, one technique he incorporated was called \\"Finger Tapping\\", which (I'm no Guitar Guru by the way, this is my interpretation) involved using two hands on the guitar neck instead of one, which in turn allowed speedier playing. It's up for debate as to whether Eddie was the first to display the \\"Finger-Tapping\\" technique, though one things for sure, he was darn skilled at it! <br />Rounding it out is the The proficient Rhythm Section, which consists of Michael Anthony (No Relation to Latin singer Mark Anthony by the way.) Though his playing won't blow you away (Then again in his defense, playing any instrument on stage next to Eddie Van Halen would make one seem incompetent, now wouldn't it?) he keeps a steady Bass Line, and an often overlooked and discrediteds aspect of the Van Halen story is Michael Anthony's backround vocals, simply put the man could sing, and his presence gave the choruses an added punch, transforming an average section into anincredibly harmonious and melodic one. Many people often fail to give Michael Anthony credit for this, hell some people don't even realize he's responsible for the backing vocals. <br />And lastly we have Alex Van Halen on the Drums, the older brother of Eddie. His Drumwork fits the bill, on this album he makes full use of his set, utilizing the Toms. On later efforts, particularly the Sammy Hagar-Era albums, his Drum work wasn't quite as superb, more Good-but-not-great (Anyone else notice this?) Regardless on this album he's at his best. <br />This band was discovered by Gene Simmons at an L.A club, and to this day Van Halen devouts argue over how much of a role he had in their success. There's some lore about Alex looking up to Gene (He was wearing his Kiss boots and stood at about 6'7\\"). Alex asked him \\"How do you p*ss?\\". <br />The opening track \\"Running with the Devil\\" is tailor-made for nighttime cruising, I've actually talked to a few people whom this song is a way of life for 'em! The Lyrics basically cover the topic of the Rock 'N' Roll lifestyle, one of Reckless and abandon, and the chorus really hits it out of the BallPark. <br />On Deck is \\"Eruption\\", beginning with a few cymbals and bass chords, Eddie soon kicks in with his Guitar to give us a show for the ages, he plays a guitar solo fairly quick using the afforementioned \\"Finger Tapping\\" technique. <BR>I wasn't around back then, but I guess back in '78 this was very impressive, and I can attest to seeing this band on tour 17 Years later, and Eddie played this on-stage, it still wowed the audience, which in itself is a testament to it's timelessness. <br />\\"You Really got me\\" was, of course originally recorded by the Kinks, and Van Halen pull off an energetic remake. There's a slight story behind the cover songs. Upon first forming, the band had written a decent amount of original material to use, but the Club Owners of the venues they'd play told 'em \\"You need to play Top 40 Stuff that's recognizable,it'll win over the crowds.\\" And Henceforth Van Halen Covered many songs, heck they're one of my favorite bands for this such task. <br />\\"Ain't Talkin 'Bout love\\" is built around a catchy riff, and the verses contain a healthy dose of attitude, the bridge is great, the drums let up, with Dave in classic form, then out of nowhere Eddie pulls a few power chords out of his arsenal. <br />It may be wise to stop whatever you're preoccupied with while listening to \\"I'm the one\\", it moves along at a breakneck pace. I love how towards the end Dave goes into some Barbershop style singing, and the band backs him up. <br />Onto the B-side, we have \\"Janie's Crying\\", a classic rock favorite, the drums really fuel the chorus. Speaking of which, a portion of this song was sampled by Tone Loc in his big hit \\"Wild Thing\\" over a decade later. <br />\\"Atomic Punk\\" keeps an Eddie Guitar effect going throughout, I'm not quite sure what he's doing. The lyrics of \\"Feel Your Love tonight\\" deal with, well just what the title says, and us guys can all relate at one point in our life ;). The Guitar lick is extremely catchy. \\"Little Dreamer\\" features Dave singing in an almost spoken-word format over a tough-sounding riff, and Michael Anthony chimes in on vocals, but this time instead of singing the chorus, it's an \\"Ooh\\" \\"Ooh\\" Ooh\\" before Dave says \\"Little Dreamer\\". <br />\\"Ice Cream Man\\" has a cheerful quality to it, half the song is acoustic, before progressing into an all-out Rock fest with a great solo. The closer \\"On Fire\\" is probably Michael Anthony's best track on the entire album, His bass gives a real enhancing effect. Dave screams his lungs out, An the Van Halen brothers both put forth solid performances. This track is truly like the Fire Works Grand Finale, this song just fades out, which is always a plus in my book. <br />The energy displayed on this album makes it arguably Van Halen's finest moment. Either way, you can't call yourself a Rock Fan and not own this one. This is a classic, Hands Down.
B00009V7P8|5.0|I took a chance purchasing this album.  It's utterly amazing.  Damien's lyrics are both insightful and meaningful.  His melodies are simple, yet haunting.  You should take a chance on this one, too.  He is brilliant.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit's 'Significant Other' is a shiny, heavy record on the outside, but, on the inside, it is fairly, well 'limp'.    There is very little in the way of good musical ideas, but a lot of rapping which is kind of there to fill in space, and some metal riffs mixed with lyrics like 'I'm so gonna bash you and kill you'. Fred is actually a very entertaining, talented and under-rated lyricist, but too often he relies on swearing and a tough-guy attitude that wears thin too quickly, and is never impressive. If he focused more on his creative 'slang' and less on his mean attitude then his work would be a lot easier to swallow.     The music is very good at times, often very mysterious with some interesting effects, especially on 'No reason', but all too often there are repetitive, shallow riffs that wear thin over time.     There are a couple of good songs, 'No Reason' would be good without the swear words, interesting to hear Johnathon Davis and Scott Weiland singing together, and 'Don't go off wandering' kind of artistic, with an orchestra and all. Also, just like this is a fun groove tune. The first twelve songs are all vaguely enjoyable in some frenetic rock-metal way, but the last three songs are dull filler.     Sorry, it really is only worth about 1 star, but has a couple of redeeming qualities.
0060507772|4.0|Terry Pratchett's first illustrated story is a wonderful work of art. If you're a Terry Pratchett fan, then this book is absolutely necessary and you will enjoy it immensely. If you have never read any Pratchett before, I would recommend an earlier work to get involved in the stories (yes, plural) of Discworld before getting this illustrated volume. Besides, the wonderful illustrations actually confirms one's mental images of all of the subjects that are illustrated, which adds to your enjoyment if you already have a mental picture.
B00004XOWM|2.0|Come on guys!! The worst band? Come on, yeah sure these guys, what with all that fake tough-guy image, and when swearing became a serious 'prop' and nothing else, well, yeah, they suck, but I put to you just two songs, two songs, 'The One' and 'Hold On'. Okay, so they're droopy ballads, but hey! 'The One' is one of the best ballad tracks I've heard since 1990! It is simply fantastic. How can you say these guys suck? I put it to you, neither Korn, Rage against the machine or Linkin Park or any of their contemporaries, none of which get as bashed as much as these guys, could cut a song like that! Sure, Rage rock heaps, they are generally a better band than Limp, but they can't construct such an impressive piece of melodic pop, and the others aren't even worth talking about, in my opinion.     Well, yeah, all the mean attitude and swearing and toughness grates after a while, how many times do you want to listen to someone tell you they're gonna bash you? And how true is this so-called angst anyway? I don't think Fred Durst has ever been put on suicide watch. Actually, the thought of it is laughable... Fred Durst on suicide watch! Ha Ha!! He need \\"braggin' 'bout my big money\\" watch! But aside from all that, well, this album is kind of good.    This band REALLY know how to lay down a groove (yes, it had to be capitals). After the obligatory 'intro' the album begins with 'Hot Dog'. I actually like this song, that chorus CRANKS, man! Sure it needs better lyrics, but that bit about 'everybody knows this song' has a kind of eerie Middle-Eastern feeling to it, and, as I said, the chorus really pumps. It's followed by a couple of predictable heavy, tough acting songs, like 'My generation' and 'Full Nelson'. However, the second half of the album is surprisingly mellow and there are some great songs in there, actually. The afforementioned 'The One' is a poppy-ballad that ends with some loud distortion, it kind of blends ballad, R&B, rock, etc. and is simply a fnatastic song. 'Hold on' is another excellent ballad. It features Scott Weiland on vocals, but sounds like a cross between Crosby Stills and Nash with The Moody Blues, seriously! It's an excellent song.     Then there's the hit, 'Take a look around', a more traditional LB song. This song is... excellent! Sure, it rips off 'Guerilla Radio' but it's still an excellent song. The lyrics this time are kind of deep, with the catch-line 'now I know why you want to hate me, because hate is all the world has even seen lately'. It's the sought of insightful lyric unique to Limp Bizkit.  Then 'It'll be okay' is a very powerful break-up song, with emotive lyrics like 'If their's a better place you can take me, Better life you can give me. Whatever place I can start all over. And I would never need what you gave me.' But the song would benefit from having the 'F***ing up my whole life' part removed. Boiler is also a good song; eerie and deals with the sought of frustration Limp Bizkit usually sings about, without going over the top.    Unfortunately, there is too much weak material and miss-steps to consider giving this a high-rating. However, a deeper insight reveals a band full of talent and potential that is unfortunately going down the wrong path, but with a few gems to remind us of what could have been. Rating **
0553208845|5.0|Siddhartha is nothing less than a seminal piece of classical literature. Hesse's succint and subtle prose delivers the goods in the Dostoyevskian manner: a polyphonous style of presentation where characters are self-conscious mouthpieces of ideas that exist within and for others. The main character undergoes several adventures on his journey of self-discovery: which is basically that knowledge may be exchanged, but true wisdom cannot.<br />++++++++SPOILER+++++++++++<br />In the final chapter, Govinda the sidekick confronts the protagonist and asks for his supposed wisdom. Siddhartha makes several Nietzschean points: the denial that wisdom can ever be taught, that any assertion of truth excludes what is false, but the world isn't as one-sided, that since time is an illusion the world is not progressing to a better, more perfect state of being. It is already perfect. (The Heraclitus/Nietzsche promotion of the eternal changing flux, the Becoming over static Being is all too obvious here) The dual nature of existence - sin and divinity, pleasure and pain, love and hate, life and death - is necessary. This echoes Nietzsche's Amor Fati. In order to renounce worldly goods, Siddhartha had to experience their bewitching allure first hand. Siddhartha claims that transcendence - the comparison of the world to some imagined perfection - inhibits the ability to love the world. Even the refusal to differentiate between words and thought is Nietzschean, more precisely, Wittgenstienan. Even though his thoughts do not cohere with the teaching of the Buddha, Siddhartha blames the distinction on mere words, and in the end the only thing matters is that he agrees with what the teacher did, not what he said.<br />Govinda, upon hearing him out, also notes that, despite the apparent distinction from the tenets of Buddhism, Siddhartha also has attained what the Gotama did: \\"... out of his gaze and his hands, his skin and his hair, out of every part of him shines a purity, shines a calmness, shines a cheerfulness and mildness and holiness, which I have seen in no other person since the final death of our exalted teacher.\\" Siddhartha's journey is codified by Andre Gide's maxim: \\"Believe those who seek the truth. Doubt those who find it.\\"shines a cheerfulness and mildness and holiness, which I have seen in no other person since the final death of our exalted teacher.\\" Siddhartha's journey is codified by Andre Gide's maxim: \\"Believe those who seek the truth. Doubt those who find it.\\"
B000063DS1|2.0|Okay, this set really deserves 5 stars -- the music is fantastic, the booklet is awesome. BUT: it's time that consumers start sending a message to CD producers that stupid packaging is going to cost them ratings points. Instead of built-in plastic hubs to hold the CDs firmly in place, this set has those idiotic rubber hubs from which the CDs are easily removed, but not so easily replaced. You've got to push and wiggle and prod to seat the CDs when you're finished listening to them. I'm amazed that nobody else was annoyed by this (except for the poor guy whose discs fell out, probably as a result of the hubs). Come on, Rhino, don't do this again.
0385504209|5.0|The Da Vinci Code offers murder, intrigue, ancient conspiracies, and enough historical name-dropping to include most of the prominent figures of the past two millennia.<br />Harvard-trained symbologist Robert Langdon returns in Dan Brown's latest book, partnered with the beautiful French police cryptologist Sophie Neveu to solve an unlikely murder in the halls of the Louvre.  The clues surrounding the crime lead to the secret of the Holy Grail, but this only touches the surface of a much deeper conspiracy involving the mysterious and ancient organizations Priory of Sion and Opus Dei, whose members read like a roll call of the most important figures of the Christian era.  Both clandestine societies, as powerful as they are old, will go to any lengths to keep the secrets of the Holy Grail hidden, including the murder of Sophie's father, whose involvement with the mysteries of the Grail cost him his life.<br />Brown weaves religious mysticism, art criticism, and historical esoterica into a modern, fast-paced thriller with ease, sending the two sleuths not only geographically across France and England, but also across the centuries, from the Middle Ages to modern times.  The clues point not only forward, but backward as well, illuminating the path toward the truth in such a way that the shadows of history become highlighted.  While some may nit-pick over historical accuracy, Dan Brown presents enough true historical facts and figures to engage the casual reader in a realistic world with a history that could very well be our own.<br />This book has been richly praised for its intelligence, suspense, detail, and accomplishment.  Such is the skill with which Dan Brown tells his tale that the many plot twists seem not the least bit contrived, but rather pre-ordained and natural, as if the events were unfolding as you read them.  The book satisfies on many levels, but the cumulative effect of the many hints and clues with the momentum of the ever-deepening plot and the menace of dark, ancient secrets lead to a breathless and stunning conclusion.e of dark, ancient secrets lead to a breathless and stunning conclusion.
0064407667|5.0|The Bad Beginning is the first book in the Series of Unfortunate Events. It is my favorite book by Lemony Snicket. Count Olaf is the most devil like creature in any book. The three main characters are Sonny,Klaus,and Violet Baudelaire. Their parents die in a horrible fire and that's when the unfortunate events begin. You have to buy this incredible book today.
0811836363|5.0|The Beatles Anthology is a great book that has inspired me to learn even more about The Beatles. It follows the life of John, Paul, George, and Ringo from the start of The Beatles, to the breaking up. You experience everything The Beatles have experienced within this book. With many sad moments that show the breaking up, to the funny parts that make you laugh out loud, this book shows you what The Beatles went through together. Somehow I was much more drawn to reading about their life in their own words then to read about them in someone else's point of view. I'm glad George got to participate in the writing of this book before passing away. It is a great book and deserves five stars
0440180295|3.0|Slaughterhouse-Five is a novel about two things, the horrors of war, and the interesting concept of time and fate. Vonnegut scores in several sentences with clever wit sprinkled about effective and dazzling prose, and fails in about as many: sort, amateur bits of writing with imcomplete sentences and basic, undescriptive language. Vonnegut's writing as a whole is not amateur, don't get me wrong, but he fails at some of his experimental attempts, or as he says (and i'm paraphrasing, \\"I'm going to write this book for fun\\".<BR> Example: \\"So it goes\\" proves to be more annoying than effective, and some things are sad just to be repeated later, rather than have any relivance. (ask for Wild Bob) Muddled, witty, brillaint, effective, uneffective, the novel is all of these, and much more.<br />Three stars for a mixture of hits and misses, but overall, worth the read.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw's debut album, CHARIOT, is the best debut album of 2003, let alone the last few years. I haven't heard this strong of a debut in a very long time. Gavin's mix of piano ballads and all out in your face rock makes for an amazing CD that should strike the fancy of any music fan. Every song has something to offer, a rare find in today's music industry. Stand out tracks include &quot;Chariot,&quot; &quot;Chemical Party,&quot; &quot;Nice To Meet You Anyway,&quot; ad &quot;I Don't Wanna Be.&quot; Degraw has a knack for writing insightful lyrics and delivering them in a way that makes you really understand where he is coming from. Degraw's voice could make even the worst song sound like an Italian Aria. His vocal prowess is his greatest strength, but he is amazing at playing piano. All around, this CD is definitely one of the best albums I've ever heard and it is just a matter of time until everyone is singing the praised of the absurdly talented Gavin Degraw.
0385504209|5.0|Written with both intelligence and breathless pacing, THE DA VINCI CODE is the perfect thriller.  The curator of the Louvre, Jacques Sauni&egrave;re, is attacked late at night in the deserted museum.  Left to die with a wound he knows will be fatal, he fears his ancient secret will perish with him and so desperately struggles in his last minutes to construct a series of cryptic messages, all designed to reveal the location of the truth.  The bizarre murder scene orchestrated by Sauni&egrave;re seems to implicate Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon,  who happens to be in Paris for a conference.  When, unaware that he is a suspect, Langdon is brought to the crime scene by police captain Bezu Fache, he meets Sophie Neveu, the cryptologist on the scene.  Together, Langdon and Neveu work frantically against time and personal safety to uncover Sauni&egrave;re's hidden life.  All clues point to the existence of a clandestine and powerful group, the Priory of Sion, and as the two track down and solve the clues, both historical and present-day, the shocking truth gradually begins to emerge.<br />THE DA VINCI CODE, with its plot revolving around a secret religious society, has echoes (pardon the pun!) of Umberto Eco's FOUCAULT'S PENDULUM, although Dan Brown's novel is less dense and more easily read.  Brown's research into alternative Christian history may startle some people, perhaps even offend them, but the premise makes for an original thriller, one which isn't about terrorism or failed diplomacy or common murder.  I found the author's head-on acknowledgement of current technology refreshing for the genre. For example, when characters use a cell phone or travel in a stolen vehicle or use a credit card, there are realistic implications that many thriller authors might have conveniently ignored.  As odd as it sounds, these details make THE DA VINCI CODE the bestseller it is; it embraces the modern world in the race to discover a historical treasure.  Almost every plot twist is both logical and surprising.  Even those elements that can be easily foreseen end up with plot complications that enrich them, thus making this book a satisfying read.  Though the ending is not as strong as the rest, this book will give readers much to consider after they have finished reading it.<br />THE DA VINCI CODE delivers everything a reader would want in a thriller - and more. Perfect for vacation or weekend reading, this 454 page novel will keep readers entertained from start to finish.  I highly recommend this book for a general readership, excepting those offended by an unorthodox look at Christianity.  As thrillers go, THE DA VINCI CODE is one of the best.nd surprising.  Even those elements that can be easily foreseen end up with plot complications that enrich them, thus making this book a satisfying read.  Though the ending is not as strong as the rest, this book will give readers much to consider after they have finished reading it.<br />THE DA VINCI CODE delivers everything a reader would want in a thriller - and more. Perfect for vacation or weekend reading, this 454 page novel will keep readers entertained from start to finish.  I highly recommend this book for a general readership, excepting those offended by an unorthodox look at Christianity.  As thrillers go, THE DA VINCI CODE is one of the best.
B00000F6LQ|2.0|Monty Python and the Holy Grail is one of the greatest comedies of our time (in fact I think I'm going to watch it right now,) however, this \\"Collector's Edition\\" is just the same as the \\"Special Edition\\" but it comes in a fancy-dancy box and comes with a book (whooooooo!!!!) and a film cell (aren't you impressed, I thought so.)  So, if you are a hardcore fan you might just want to get it because it has the Python name on it.  Us regular fans will stick with our old copies of the Special Edition (for it is the same)
0156027321|5.0|I loved this book.  The tale of how Pi survives his ordeal at sea (and his living arrangements with the tiger) is completly engrossing.  Martel's prose is excellent and flows seamlisley.  I enjoyed the juxtaposition of Pi's religous beliefs wuithin various passages throughout the book.  It's definitley a read that could soon be considered a classic!
B000003TAR|5.0|After the unbelieveable success of &quot;Nevermind&quot;, Nirvana released &quot;In Utero&quot;; an album that, as one previous reviewer put it, was the &quot;anti-Nevermind&quot; album.  Kurt Cobain's angst ridden lyrics almost serve as a prelude to his tragic fate, from his lyrics in &quot;Serve the Servants&quot; (which he displays the price that comes with fame) to the hit &quot;Heart Shaped Box&quot; (in which Cobain is seemingly speaking to God about terminally ill children), &quot;In Utero&quot; is an angst ridden masterpiece that would become Nirvana's final full length album to be released before Cobain's suicide in 1994.  Other great songs include &quot;Dumb&quot;, &quot;Milk It&quot;, &quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot;, and the heart wrenching &quot;All Apologies&quot;.  All in all, &quot;In Utero&quot; isn't as groundbreaking or impacting as &quot;Nevermind&quot; was, but one can't deny that it is a clear showcase for one of the greatest hard rock bands of all time.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is a tight album and an excellent debut.  Gavin is an impressive songwriter, and 'Follow Through,' 'Chariot,' and 'Nice to Meet You Anyways' are instant classics, although there isn't a lemon on the entire disc.  I definitely recommend this album, especially to those who enjoy artists like Jack Johnson, Bob Schneider, or Maroon 5's debut album.
B000069KE0|4.0|The reviewers below got it dead on! So, I'll review the DVD-Audio version, which sounds a lot better than the CD! <br />On the inside liner notes to the album, the band writes, \\"With this album, we dedicate ourselves, our futures and our energies to the people of the revolution ... And the revolution in all its forms.\\" (I think the band changed its name because the real Chicago Transit Authority, which actually operated trains and busses, didn't want their name attached to such a radical band!) From there on out, Chicago slowly drifted into assaulting us with lighter pop music. Such is life!<br />But Chicago I (actually \\"Chicago Transit Authority\\") and Chicago II (actually named just \\"Chicago\\") are both rock masterpieces, blending rock and horn driven jazz into a perfect union.  \\"CTA\\" is a pure rock album, with a dominating base line, somewhat distorted guitar, some really great drum work, with the horns being used for ambience like a synthesizer or for punctuation. <br />With Chicago II, the band shows amazing growth as composers and musicians. The horns and woodwinds are allowed to take the lead, the music is easier listening, and the band braves soft rock classis such as \\"Colour My World\\" and \\"Wake Up Sunshine,\\" and the jazzy \\"Fancy Colours.\\" But, the album also contains some great rock, including the FM/AOR staple \\"25 Or 6 To 4.\\"<br />Why Buy the DVD-Audio? When the CD format was released, it was marketed as being perfectly true to the original master tapes. No skips, no record noise, no wow and flutter, and perfectly flat from the lowest notes to the highest notes a human can hear. What we got was 20 years of music which was synthesized, mechanical, cold, brittle, dry and fatigue inducing. CDs simply don't contain enough data to get the sound right. DVD-Audio (and SACDs which go back to the master tape) fix this problem. In addition, instead of two tracks, this DVD contains 5.1 channels of Dolby Digital music which can be played on all DVD players as well as higher resolution stereo and surround tracks for a DVD Audio player. You get to sit in the middle of the band. And the sound is marvelous. An A/B comparison with the CD reveals a midrange which is cleaned up immeasurably. This album contains real live horns and woodwinds. The brass sounds like brass instead of tin, and the vocals sound human instead of like a clock radio. Well worth the price of admission.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|Finally, after all this time, Warner Brothers have come to their senses.  On October 7th, we will be treated to a heftly helping of one of the greatest Christmas films to ever grace the silver screen............in WIDESCREEN.<br />I was extremely disappointed with the previous DVD release of this film which contained a pan & scan presentation and nothing more than a theatrical trailer in the extras department.<br />What we have here is a special edition of this great movie, which will contain audio commentary from both Beverly D'Angelo and Chevy Chase, a \\"making of\\" featurette, as well as other stocking stuffers which have yet to be disclosed at this present time.  <br />Being a huge fan of this movie, I honestly can't wait for this release.  \\"National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation\\" has become a holiday tradition in my home, and to be able to see it the way it was intended to be seen is truly a treat for me.<br />Aside from the features of the disk, the film itself is the true gift.  One of the funniest movies today which still withstands the test of time even 15 years later.  The premise is simple.  Clark W. Griswold (Chevy Chase) is hell bent on having an old-fashioned family Christmas in his home, relatives and all.  Of course, the hilarity kicks in when things start to go awry.  There are so many hilarious scenes in this movie, it would be difficult to list them all.  You have everything from an electrocuted cat, to a house with the brightest Christmas light display known to man.  Let's not forget the dried up turkey, the saucer sled and the dog/squirrel chase!  There's so much more I could say to praise this movie, but if you haven't already seen it, [I won't say more]
B000062XKL|2.0|I saw this movie because of the dazzling cast only to find out they were wasted on a luke-warm script and a less than dazzling heist. Everyone seemed to be walking through there parts, with the possible exception of Edward Norton. Though it has immense potential, the result is annoyingly flat. If you want to see Edward Norton preform in a movie you'll actually enjoy, try Fight Club, American History X, or Primal Fear.
B00003CXDG|3.0|All i can say about this movie is Copy-Cat.Compared to the first Mission Impossible we no longer see intresting Tactical Operations or inteligent deductions.No! To make more money they create another james bond who alone with his Pistol takes down a whole armada.<BR>Whats Great!<BR>- Special Effects<BR>- Music<BR>- Actors<BR>Whats Cheap!<BR>-Story<BR>-One man army james bond style<br />Well rent it if your at home stuck because of a bad rainy day!
0060930187|5.0|This book is deemed the unofficial autobiography of Plath. I first came upon this book when introduced to it by my English teacher quite a few years ago. It's a raw look at the mental stability of Plath before her marriage to Ted Hughes. It's full of wit, humor, and morbidity and focuses around an internship at a hip magazine office in NYC. Everyone can relate to something about the main character Esther; whether you are male or female.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Killed off long before it was given a chance to get its space-legs, this is one of the most original and engaging sci-fi series to come down the pipe in years, if not decades.  Taking place in a remote future in the wake of an interstellar civil war, the show chronicles and adventures and misadventures of the crew of the transport ship Firefly.  That crew includes Capt. Malcom Reynolds, the embittered captain who fought on the losing side (Independents) of the civil war against the Sino-American Alliance; Zoe, the warrior-woman who fought with him and now is his second-in-command; Wash, the ship's pilot and Zoe's constantly wisecracking husband; Kaylee, the ship's engineer and eternally optomistic bright light; Jayne, the ne'er do well mercenary who's loyalty is always in question; Inara, a \\"companion\\" and the ship's most respectable member; Shepherd Book, the preacher with ambiguous Alliance ties; River Tam, a psychic prodigy who fled the clutches of Alliance scientists who were experimenting on her brain; and Simon Tam, her physician brother who gave up his life of luxury on the core plants to rescue her.  Like most people, the show took an episode or two to grow on me, and the frequent western settings and dialogue took some time getting used to.  But in no time at all it became obvious that in terms of dialogue, humor, effects, characters, storylines, and the internal consistency and vibrancy of this future universe as envisioned by the mind of Joss Whedon, there's just nothing out there, especially in the world of sci-fi, that's come close to this show in years.  And to top it off, you get to hear characters swear in Chinese!  The DVD set also includes three episodes that were never aired on the States (only in the UK) as well as tons of commentary, making it a must for any completist.
6304773382|5.0|There is just something about this movie. It ranks on my top 5 list of all time favourite movies. Lori Petty is kick [tail], wears kick[en] clothes and does the weirdest things to her hair. Her sidekick Jet is just awesome. But lemme tell ya', nothing beats the fighting Kangaroos. This movie is sci/fi-comedy, has an awesome sountrack, can be quite silly at times, and is wholly entertaining. Kick back and relax when watching this movie. Alcohol will only intensify the sensations.
B00008CQS0|5.0|It is in all aspects! For those of you who have not seen the movie do so! The soundtrack compliments it so well. Just as in Amelie.And there certainly are parts that are very reminiscent of Amelie but overall well worth the buy.<br />Both soundtracks are superb for roadtrips. I used the Amelie for a roadtrip around Iceland. They work so well for out of the city driving. Try it!
B00006JLX4|5.0|I got really angry and disturbed when I noticed on another page here that \\"Slanted\\" was only boasting a four star review in its original CD incarnation.  This amazing re-make/re-master is currently sitting at a respectable 4 1/2, but come'on!<br />This is, without an doubt, one of the five most influential (and best, frankly) albums to emerge from what will one day be revealed as the morass of Nineties music.  What a friggin' schizo decade it was, indeed.  Sure, there were \\"Nevermind\\"'s and \\"OK Computer\\"'s to be had, but let's face it, we're talking about a decade that came in with NKOTB's epochal \\"Step By Step\\" and endend with Britney, the Backstreets, et al, ruling the nation.  Oh, and throw in a little \\"I'm Too Sexy\\" in the middle, just for seasoning.<br />\\"Slanted and Enchanted\\" probably did more to save thoughful, provocative, and challenging rock music than any other album during the decade (for evidence, look at Pavement's followers (i.e. Archers of Loaf, Built to Spill, and the like, and compare them to Nirvana's, i.e. Silverchair, Creed, and yes, most of all, the Vines).  <br />Get off your butts and vote, people - \\"S&E\\" is as much a five star item as should be Can's \\"Tago Mago,\\" Zeppelin's \\"IV,\\" BB's \\"Pet Sounds,\\" or any other album that helped shape the aesthetics of future bands, while providing reams of great tunes.<br />Y'all be cool!
B000084T18|5.0|Now to tell you that 50's Get Rich or Die Tryin was a wack CD, I would be lying to you, and you would have the important job of smacking me because I would deserve it. Now as far as beats are concerned, 50 made the best decision by signing onto shady records. Dre and Slim did his lyrics wonders, especially when the CD kicked off with the first 5 five songs, they are hot like 10 fat women in a saturn with the heat on in the summer. Then I got annoyed, even though 50 has the lyrics that will make you want to slang dope, he is missing that New York grungy gansta feel in his music. It's good though 50, that's my only negative comment. Coming from basically a mix tape rapper to \\"Get Rich or Die Tryin\\", he definately got rap back to the grimmy feel, how it should be. Keep it gansta 50, keep it real, and stay how you used to be, hungry and ready. Overall, it's a hip hop classic!!!
B000005ALN|5.0|I've owned this Album since it came out, I just thought it would have tunes such as Fastlove, but I was so wrong. I always thought Mr. Michael (with this disc you'll learn to respect him) had a different personality, and well he just composed a masterpiece. I don't usually write reviews, but Older deserves to be listened by quality music lovers. It will definitely make you feel better, sometimes blue, you can feel his passion. He came back as a very mature writer, singer (and it's impressive because besides composing, he does play every instrument in this one). Give it a chance, no regrets here.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is an exceptional film, full of action, suspense, mystical philosophy and symbolism.  The story is set in a sci-fi future where AI machines have taken over the world and plugged biological humans into the Matrix, where they experience an illusory reality while their body serves as a battery/energy source for the machines.  &quot;Neo&quot; Anderson (&quot;One&quot; &quot;Son of Man&quot;), played smoothly by K. Reeves is contacted via hacking of the Matrix by a group of renegade humans who have been able to hide from the machines and escape enslavement while they prepare for the &quot;One&quot; expected to lead humanity to freedom.  Adventure ensues when Neo is unplugged and joins the freedom fighters.  This story is a wonderful allegory for human existence and civilization, and the film has excellent effects, solid acting, and an impressive script for a movie of this genre.  The DVD has cool bonus features and is a must for those seeking subtle symbolism and other nuances of the film.
B00005JLT5|5.0|The New York Times recently published an article that hypothetically asked if there were too many recent documentary and feature films made about the Holocaust.  The answer was an obvious no, but it does stand to reason that films about the Holocaust have become a genre that is all their own.  And, like any genre, there are good movies and lousy ones.  The Holocaust itself is such an emotionally loaded subject that it's difficult to dismiss any material based on it.  And that's why there is a perceived glut of Holocaust movies out, because all of them are taken seriously (except maybe \\"Jakob the Liar\\").<br />The Holocaust remains a fascinating subject for the simple reason that it happened.  It is, along with slavery, the darkest chapter of recent human history, and it cannot be undone.  It cannot be reversed.  There is a finality to the events that remains terribly difficult to deal with, and it's what ultimately makes Roman Polanski's The Pianist such a devastating experience.<br />It's curious that Polanski, who is himself a survivor of the Holocaust (he lost all but one member of his immediate family when he was just a boy), would fashion the Pianist as such an unsparing and unsentimental look at what happened to Polish Jews during World War II.  Then again, it makes perfect sense.  Polanski knows what an unforgiving time that was, and he refuses to sugarcoat it.  Not that a movie like Schindler's List wrongfully dabbled in adding extra melodrama to the era, but The Pianist is important because it seems to get the true emotions of its characters just right.  You feel like the story happened exactly this way in real life.  Polanski also filters the story solely through the point-of-view of Wladislaw Szpilman (played by Adrien Brody, whose portrayal merits adulation beyond the Oscar he has already received).  He does not try and make Szpilman's story a microcosm of every Jew's story.  Nor does he try and make Szpilman an overly herioc figure.  He is simply a normal man who miraculously survives and cannot explain why.<br />The fact that Szpilman survives the Holocaust makes The Pianist riveting as a story, but the idea that he had to do it in such complete and total isolation (the latter portion of the film plays almost like the movie Cast Away) is what makes it doubly powerful.  If this is what Szpilman had to endure in order to survive, imagine what others had to go through.  And is it a better fate to survive such atrocities rather than perish?  Polanski provides no answer, and that's why the film unsettled many who saw it.<br />It would be foolish in discussing The Pianist and its accolades to not acknowledge the controversy surrounding Polanski himself.  Regardless of people's opinion of Polanski (and it can range from admiration to disgust, sometimes from the same person), The Pianist stands alone as an important work of art.  And, the fact that Hollywood actually gave Polanski an Oscar in absentia for the movie speaks more to its undeniable power than it does any kind of perceived liberal favoritism (though there's plenty of that to go around in the film industry).  Polanski clearly saw a parallel between his childhood memories and the story of Szpilman, and it shows all over the movie.  It makes The Pianist his own, but not in any kind of self-indulgent manner.<br />Polanski also saw something in Brody that must have reminded him of himself.  Brody, who had gone relatively unnoticed despite his wealth of talent, here gives a performance so complete it's hard to imagine that he is in real life just a kid from Brooklyn.  Thanks to Brody, some portions of the movie that could come off as contrived (in particular the piano-playing scene in a destroyed Warsaw ghetto), instead feel real and are completely heartbreaking.  Other actors are effective here, but Brody is the film, and the job he does is nothing short of amazing.<br />Roger Ebert has said numerous times that no good film is depressing.  I disagree with that (youwon't be partying after watching Schindler's List).  But great, emotionally difficult films like The Pianist are far too rewarding to avoid.  It is easily the best film of last year, and perhaps the best dramatized Holocaust film ever made.  Art like this makes the words \\"Never Forget\\" a whole lot easier to remember.
B00005JLXC|2.0|Affleck has never been less convincing. Garner has never looked better, and the story was never very interesting.<BR>This film is redeemed  by three things. Great sets, and two great villains. I so wanted to see Ben Affleck get whooped by both of the central villains-who were both terrific. Colin Farrel and the other villain (sorry, I don't know his name but he does lots of tv commercials) have fun-and when they are on the screen it is fun to watch. Unfortunately the camera focuses on Affleck and his inability to emote. Yawn, couldn't they just make Farrel's villain the main character so we can watch him beat up Affleck?
B000006OS2|1.0|I love this movie and was delighted to find it on DVD.  I took it home to watch and was horrified to find scenes were cut short and dialogue was missing, most scenes were very grainy and the sound was terrible.  Save some money and buy it on VHS.  Be sure to buy the John Wayne Estate Authorized Edition for the best quality.  DO NOT buy this great movie on DVD you will be disappointed at the quality!!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The soundtracks to both K-19 as well as the Time Machine were both awe inspiring, but they don't compare to this movie. The movie in itself has a lot to do with how well a soundtrack does. I loved the movie, let me just get that out there. I know and my girlfriend can attest to the fact that I walked out of the theater whistling the main theme. <br />Unfortunately, the way amazon.com does the previews, you can't hear the exact theme which is \\"He's a Pirate.\\" It gives you shivers, and it reminds me a lot of the way I first felt when I heard some of Hans Zimmer's soundtracks. <br />But in the same breath, Klaus is not Zimmer, and therefore, he shouldn't be compared to him. Badelt's first few releases in the soundtrack genre are very strong, and I think there are probably better things to come. But as of right now, this is his best one, and it might be one of the best instrumental scores of the summer. Particularly strong tracks include #'s 2,4,7,9,11,14-15. <br />If you're buying this CD without seeing the movie, then it's definitely worth it. However, if you've seen the movie, this soundtrack is perfect for remembering any scene and for making you want to go back and see it again, just for another chance to hear it on the speakers at the the theater.
B000002UJQ|5.0|buy this album and listen to it striahgt through until to get it. it may take upwards a dozen listens to some people (usually no more than three). but you will never forget about this album once you get it.  <br />Radiohead Overrated? maybe a tad.  OK Computer Overrated? more like underrated!<br />It flows like a concept album but it is as diverse as any album. airbag graps you off the bat but only giving you a glimpse of whats to come. paranoid android takes it up a notch but doesnt blow the roof off by cooling it down with subterranean homesick alien. exit music starts out slow but it will grap you slowly and surely. the following let down and karma police are jsut hands down great written songs. fitter happier is a nice intermission and gets you ready for the second half of the album. electioneering will get your attention fast but yet a gain they keep their cool with the following three songs. the tourist is a great ending song. and if you still dont get it give it another spin until you do.<br />If you want the essential Radiohead. buy the bends, ok computer, i might be wrong e.p., and hail to the thief. if you really dig i might be wrong check out kid a and amnesiac but they really aren't for everyone.<br />Nirvana may have put out the most influential album of the decade, but Radiohead put out the best written and the second most influential album in OK Computer.<br />With how often five stars are flying around on amazon i wish i could give this one six.<br />buy it listen to it listen to it listen to it and listen to it
6305538018|2.0|Half the text should be cut out of this movie...it is poorly written, contains no suspense, and some scenes are far too long and drawn out with absolutely nothing interesting happening...the characters are mostly poorly developed with very little personality, the sexual tension is virtually non-existant, the major twists in the plot are not explained fully, which makes for disjointed viewing, and apart from the ending there is nothing particularly interesting or new about the movie from either a science fiction or a special effects perspective.  Watching frog guts for half the movie just does not cut it in terms of interesting science fiction-in fact it seems totally unrealistic that the entire game system is made of flesh and guts...finally, the part that annoyed me the most was when \\"Pikul\\" asks why the \\"bioports\\" in the spinal column don't get infected because \\"they open straight into your body\\", and Jennifer Jason Leigh says \\"don't be ridiculous, listen to what you're saying\\" and then opens her mouth. The mouth is not \\"opening\\" straight into the human body as would a hole directly into flesh, organs, or the spine, in fact the entire digestive column can be considered as an entirely separate hollow tube inside of the body, with membranes to control what passes in and out of what is actually part of the human body.  I found this movie was a waste of my time and just plain annoying.
0393316041|2.0|This book certainly taught me a lot about Richard Feynman's outlook and perception - especially of himself.  It left me feeling rather sad for him as a person.<br />1. He goes out of his way to appear as unsophisticated as possible.  It's faux, engineered by a very calculating person.<BR>2. He uses the appearance of unsophistication to freely criticize people who don't think and act like he does.  The only people he seems to respect are physicists, mainly those associated with Los Alamos in the 1940's.<BR>3. He projects discomfort with anything approaching emotional connectedness.  He dedicates about two sentences to his reactions when his wife died of TB after an extended illness.  He's far more interested in little pointless mail games he played with her the last year of her life.<br />Feynman's writing style is part of this intentional persona of unsophistication.  Unfortunately, it negatively impacts the communication of quite a few stories in the book.  I just don't buy many of the stories, especially the self-deprecating ones aimed at saying, &quot;uh, I just did something totally innocent, and everybody thought I solved a big problem.&quot;
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This has to be one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a while. Who is Klaus Badelt? I'm going to buy all his compositions!
B000075BFK|1.0|Tupac Shakur is a total outcast. His music is like one hundred rotten eggs mixed with vomit. If he was still alive he'd run around naked with heck at his side! Oh well, we don't have to worry about him anymore, thankfully!
B000000HHE|5.0|Mimicking the ULTRAMAGNETIC MC'S,DE LA SOUL throw a monkey wrench in the world of hip-hop,psyched beats over outlandish styles of rapping,outcasts. Unlike ULTRAMAGNETIC,DE LA SOUL scores a gold album '3 FEET HIGH AND RISING'. With producer PRINCE PAUL filling the album with crazy skits,this is a very humorous album,but songs like \\"Potholes In My Lawn\\",\\"Plug Tunin'\\",\\"Buddy\\",\\"Say No Go\\" and \\"Ghetto Thang\\" shows us DE LA has got a mad lyrical edge,but if you're not focused,you'll lose it. I guess ULTRAMAGNETIC's first album 'CRITICAL BEATDOWN' would have been successful if it had them skits in it,just maybe.
B00006879E|5.0|hey guys. this band is completely stoke. these guys aren't very well known, but help spread the love and tell people to buy this album. these guys can sing and are really talented
B00005OAIE|5.0|This is the best CD I have come in contact with for a very long time.  The absolutely amazing acoustics mixed with John Mayer's sensual voice this easy listening music is sure to relax anyone.  His original lyrics leave room for interpretation ensuring pleasure for all types of people.  With song topics appropraite for all ages it is surprising how few people have discovered this musical genius.  I highly recommend this CD to music lovers everywhere.
B00005U11Z|5.0|It took me 2 years to finally get this DVD and decide for myself. What were all those critics watching when they said forget this NEW Journey? <br />This is the best concert on DVD today. The NEW Journey explodes onto the stage playing all their hits as if it was for the first time. The new younger members of the group have juiced up the rest of the band who are having a blast from beginning to end.<br />The qualities both visual and audio are outstanding. I 've watched this concert 3 times in five days from start to finish. FULL BLAST - take no prisoners.<br />If your a drummer like myself, or if you just enjoy intelligent music, this is a must see DVD. You will not be disappointed!
B00006690G|1.0|He's no &quot;Superman to me ... or anyone! He made fun of Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera! I have to say this but rap only teaches rudeness, selfishness and disrespect. So all in all stay away from this king of choochdom unless you want to become one yourself!
B00000F566|5.0|This movie is my definsion of a classic!!!  The dancing is only one reason to watch this movie, this movie is romantic, and it also shows me how lucky I am to be alive and young now, rather than back in the 60's.  I think that this movie really shows a lot about what people did go through, and still do.  This is an awesome movie, but I will warn you, this is a chick flick and a half...so if you are trying to get your husband or your boyfriend to watch it with you, don't let on what it is about before they watch it with you!!!
B00005NVT1|4.0|Daft Punk made themselves the kings of marathon mixing with this 45 minute &quot;live&quot; performance; the single track on the disc lasts for the whole duration of the performance (something I don't quite appreciate - more on that later).<br />The beginning of the performance is incredible with many fluid shifts in the tempo and underlying bass-beat give the music an 80s club/breakdancing feel. The woos and cheers from the crows are scattered throughout the 45 minutes and wholly reflect the quality of the music being played.<br />With 45 minutes of continuous mixing it's hard to believe that every minute will be packed with explosive and provocative music; unfortunately, Daft Punk didn't escape this belief. As early as 17 minutes the music starts to drone, nearly driving away the attarctiveness of the mix (if you like pure trance music though, you might be able to appreciate the middle section of the track). Either way, the crowd seems to reflect the attractiveness of the music in this section. This middle section only draws attention to the fact that the CD is only ONE TRACK, it would be have been nice to be able to skip through the section and continue to the highly attractive final 15 minutes where the music regains some of the qualities of the first third of the track. Overall a good listen!
0385504209|5.0|READ THIS BOOK! MY COPY IS NOT LEAVING MY SIDE! THE BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ AND I'VE READ SOME FASTASTIC BOOKS! EAT YOUR HEART OUT HARRY POTTER!<br />THIS IS HARRY FOR ADULTS ONLY 10 TIMES A GOOD!<br />SUSPENSE, INTRIGUE, MYSTERY, POSSIBLE TRUTH. ANCENT QUEST REVEALED.<br />A MUST READ!<br />BUY IT TODAY.<br />If your waiting for your spouse, child, parent or someone to finish it don't wait get your own copy you'll want to keep it and read with a pen, trust me you'll use it.<br />Wow doesn't even begin to express how great this book is.<br />It keeps you surprised until the very end.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|As good a CD as you would expect if you saw the movie and loved the music.  It's all in here, from the fighting scenes, the sailing scenes, and everything in between.  This music is composed by Klaus Badelt, and produced by Hans Zimmer (Gladiator, Crimson Tide soundtracks among others) and you can definitely feel Hans influence in the powerful, emotional music.  Listen to this music and you will want to be swordfighting and swinging on ropes from ship to ship.  The CD is great at infusing the listener with energy.  Highly recommended!
6305126062|4.0|The Horse Whisperer, a 1998 production by Touchstone Pictures and directed by Robert Redford runs for 169 minutes.  Starring in this romance drama are Robert Redford and Kristin Scott Thomas.  As the movie takes us from New York City across country to the open skies of Montana we see scenery unsurpassed by any other film of the year.  You can almost spell the mountain air as we travel through the rolling hills of a working Montana cattle ranch.  The Academy award nominated sound track adds the finishing touch.<BR> We share in Annie MacLean's (Thomas) heartbreak when her daughter is involved in a tragic horseback riding accident.  Thomas now has to overcome a stressed marriage and rebuild a relationship with her daughter.  To do this, Thomas must help her daughter and her horse that was equally traumatized by the accident heal.  Showing her domineering attitude Thomas decides against everyone's wishes to travel across country with her daughter and the horse to find the \\"Horse Whisperer\\".<BR> Once there, not only does Thomas find help for her daughter and horse, she also finds love.  We see Tom Booker's (Redford) caring touch reach everyone around him.  As the daughter and horse heal we see Thomas's situation become more difficult.  As the feelings between Redford and Thomas deepen we see her struggle to choose between her family and a Montana life she has grown to love.  This is a drama to see, especially for the horse enthusiast.  I give it four out of five stars.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw seems to encompass every music lover's dream.  While numerous &quot;guys with guitars&quot; are becoming widely popular in today's music scene (John Mayer, Jason Mraz, etc.), Gavin surpasses all of those artists and brings in harmonies, thought-provoking lyrics, and numerous other instruments than just the basic guitar/bass/drum combo these other artists thrive on.  With the usage of the piano in every song and by having it drive many songs with it's melodies, his songs remind me of a more talented male Vanessa Carlton.  There are also many elements of funk and jazz that I hear encorporated into his music.  His first single is &quot;Follow Through&quot;, which is also the first track on this album.  It is a great song, but my personal favorite has to be either &quot;Chariot&quot; or &quot;Just Friends&quot;.  Chariot has many intricate harmonies, and Just Friends is just an emotionally driven song that you love to just sing to every time you hear it.  However, every song on this album is AMAZING...I definitely recommend it to anyone.  I listen to tons of different music from many different genres, and this is some of the best stuff out there right now.  Definitely buy!
0385720920|5.0|This book isn't for the easily offended! There are very vivid descriptions especially about certain confrontations with other sexually-addicted persons that the main character encounters throughout the story. If you like twists that you'll never expect and are just hopelessly cynical, this book is right for you! And just like every other Chuck novel, it will make you laugh at its dark and sadistic little jokes. Happy Reading and remember not to be offended!
0156711427|5.0|A classic that kids shouldn't be assigned to read in 10th grade, as I was. I truly hated this book, didn't understand it at all, at all. The symbolism, the racism, the class system, the whole period of the British raj - it all went right over my head. Then, to discover it in adulthood! Well, it was an awakening. It was as if I'd never read it before, and indeed on most levels, I hadn't. What really happened in the Marabar Caves? Was it an assault? A dream or hallucination? An actual rape? Nothing? A case of mistaken identity? This mystery, unanswered at the end, lies at the heart of A Passage to India. We have Muslims, Hindus, and the British Christians mixing within the society. Dr. Aziz is a good and gentle man, a friendly, open-minded, highly educated Indian who is eventually accused of assaulting a British women - and that sort of thing doesn't go over well with the high-mucky-mucky of the era. According to the political sensitivities of the era (1920s), there's always bound to be trouble when you mix the races within society.<BR>Passage to India presents British colonialism at its worst with a marvelous and deeply-layered cast of characters. This is probably Forster's best book.
0385504209|2.0|Two stars for telling me some stuff I didn't know. 0 stars for talent or style. I didn't know people wrote like this any more, nor did I know anyone wanted to.<br />Paul Nassau
0060207051|5.0|Perhaps the reason Goodnight Moon is still a classic piece of literature is because the three people who composed this work were at the very top of their game: Author Maragaret Wise Brown, illustrator Clement Hurd and editor Ursula Nordstrom. This combination of exquisite, mature talents has rarely been seen or duplicated in children's books. What they accomplished was so amazing that on a publishing level alone, this book deserves its top ranking. This is a complete work because these three people were completely in rhythm.<br /><br />Speaking of rhythm, what I love best about this book is the way the lyrical cadence of the story is perfectly matched to the pictures by a classic one-two-three beat. There are two facing pages of black and white text and pictures (the one and the two beats) followed by the double-page color spread (the third beat). This pattern is represented throughout the story. It's little wonder that children are both lulled by and glom to the heartbeat of this book.
0060278250|5.0|i defintly loved this book and the ending gave me goosebumps garth nix is one of my favorite writers and i am defintly hoping he will write another old kingdom series i recomend everyone read this series it is defintly worth it
B00008X5J1|1.0|I cannot believe how much I disliked this movie. I'm really surprised. So much potential. If only it had a more believeable story and characters worth devoting three hours of my life to. Alas, I found it outlandish and the people cartoonish. The word atrocious actually comes to mind. For some strange reason I kept expecting them to break out into song (DDL in particular). And I kept staring at that horrific &quot;moustache&quot; he was sprouting. I'm not usually this harsh, but, God, it was so bad I can't help it.
0385509456|4.0|An original idea, well conceived and well executed. I could not put it down. Christopher is a wonderful character, and to go along with him on his journeys is a moving, eye-opening and delightful experience. It's true that the story becomes something other than what I thought it would be, but no less a story for that. Nice jacket design and layout, as well. Worth the hardcover price.
0440236738|5.0|This is one of the few books that matches it's excellent reviews.  The story drags you in and the pace makes it impossible to put down.  This is my first book with this author.  A truly enjoyable read - I will definitely look for more.  The characters are well developed.  The twists and turns in the story kept me hooked.  Read this book!
B0000AQS0F|1.0|After the success of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel, creator Joss Whedon decided to explore another popular genre being set...in space!  Although the show had it's moments it wasn't that great.  You would think a Trekkie and a star wars geek combined could do better.  I think whatever he had has been lost. Save your money.  There was a reason this show was cancelled so soon...
1563890410|5.0|i start reading Sandman with this volume, reading the 24 pages spanish comic. Since the spanish comic was discontinued in my country, and never was brought again in his 24 pages format, I just stop reading the Sandman, but over the years i kept wondering, what happen with the pale faced guy of the story and with his deadly sister. <BR>Finally in a travel to the US I saw the entire Sandman series on a library, and I bought a couple of tomes, and after that i just couldn't stop reading Sandman's books. The story it's so intrigating and fascinating that after you read a chapter you want to know what's going to happen right away. That plus the Dave McKean's artwork makes it one of the best, ifnot the best, comic and book of his genre in the last dacades. <BR>Maybe, there has been many exellent stories in the fiction style, but what Gaiman does it's admirable, not only 'cause of the creativity developed in the entire story, plus the variety of tales in the series, but also because of the workteam that participates, including remarkables inkers, drawers, painters?, and all kind of graphic artists.<BR>So when you read the Sandman you're reading clearly not just another fiction story, but one of the best co-production in the fiction genre.
0446677450|2.0|After listening to some of Kiyosaki's audio lectures (they're so darn popular you can download them for free), my first impression was 'this guy is a total quack'.  He was talking about *not* living frugally. Why? Because \\"God is abundant... There's abundance all around us... God doesn't skimp on sunsets\\" and whatnot. That's poetic and we all love God and all, but give me a break! To Kiyosaki, everyone who earns a paycheck is a sucker. He goes on with anecdotes about getting rich quick, 100%+ returns, etc. which is very captivating. I suspect the people buying and praising this book are the same ones who buy the investing or home business \\"kits\\" they sell at 3am... <BR> But, I gave it 2 stars - one more than the minimum because it does get people thinking about investing, interest rates, and so on, which is a good thing for many people. But, people believing everything he says like it's the Bible is going to cause a lot of people real harm. The tone of the book and his 'style' is that he's letting the layman in on a \\"big secret\\" about investing, real estate, and taxes. Consequently, people who never knew a thing about finance, economics, interest rates, loans, real estate, etc. read this book and think they're experts. Sorry, you're not... <BR> Actually, I just thought it was a bad book at first and normally wouldn't write a review except that a nice person I met recently asked me if I'd read this book and started spouting off all of the Kiyosaki-isms to me. He was a real \\"disciple\\" of Kiyosaki and sounded like a Christian in his reciting of the dogma from his books. Now, I've had a very good grasp of basic economics and investing for a while having engineering degrees from two top schools (U.Va. and UC - Berkeley) and politely had to counter most of his ideas. Not suprisingly, after talking about his \\"minimum 24% return on real estate investments\\" he informed that he had just lost \\"a lot\\" of money on a very strange-sounding real estate deal... I asked if he'd read\\"the millionaire next door\\" which he hadn't, but had heard of. He dismissed it as \\"written by academics\\". Hah, academics! The people that do 'research' based on  'facts' and 'data' and can support them with 'statistics'. Who should listen to them?   <BR>  My main point is that people who never had an interest in finance or investing and read only this book or only listen to Kiyosaki are going to be in trouble. It's a fairy tale. There's no such thing as a free lunch. Well, actually there is, and that's what he's selling. But, if you go for the free lunch you might end up paying for someone's else's free lunch. \\"millionaire next door\\" is boring, not glamourous or exciting, but is the cold truth. Always save money and invest it in a diverse portfolio. If you want spectacular gains, you're gambling, pure and simple. If you really love Kiyosaki, do yourself a favor and at least read some other materials by someone who isn't a \\"guru\\".<BR>  Just because it's a top-seller doesn't mean it's good advice, it just means a lot of people like to buy the book. People like fantasy, stories, excitement. People don't like boring, slow-moving, mundane stories which is the reality of smart investing.
B000087EY0|1.0|I thought \\"Read Along\\" meant a book - Not. It is a DVD \\"book\\" with subtitles on the screen, the characters don't talk or move, it only has a narator's voice and the pages \\"flip\\" on the screen. The whole story is over in 5 minutes.  Most of the DVD is taken up with ads for other movies, and 3 music videos (Elton John, etc) which children aren't interested in anyway.  Should be rated \\"fast reading adults only\\" who want a summary of the story at best.
B000002H72|5.0|I am not thirty years old, I don't consider myself a punk or on any type of fringe, and I LOVE PIXIES. Their songs are fresh and original, like a mixture of Talking Heads and Nirvana. You will find this CD addictive and bizarre. My favorite track is number 11.
B00005OMTT|4.0|I have been a long-time fan of Enigma and I have collected all their singles and just about anything else I could find.  I bought this expecting to find a format as good as or at least like the other albums, I did not.  They have amazed me in the past with wonderful connections from song to song and sequences that are perfect.  They could have mixed this album up a bit and made a fantastic long mix of all the tracks.  I don't understand why they chose to put the \\"dance\\" mix of T.N.T for the Brain on this instead of the single/video version which showcases vocals and sounds much better.  The \\"dance\\" mix appears on the remix colletion already.  They could have put the single/video version of Mea Culpa on here as well and made a perfect blend into Push The Limits (both being my favorite songs) since they are essentially the same song (both sampling the William Orbit mix of Madonna's Justify My Love.) What is the deal with including \\"I Love You , I'll Kill You\\", I really love the song but was it really a \\"HIT\\"?<br />Nonetheless, I do appreciate this album since it beats carrying around all their albums for the songs that made me like them.
B00009M6VJ|5.0|i was pleasently surprised by this movie. it's not a drama. it doesn;t over dramatize the guys life but it was shocking how cruel some people are. i didn't believe in the dath sentence in the 1st place but this movie made me think why is he in jail and why are they going to kill him. get ready to cry for david at the end though. enjoyable but the ending should've been better.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums I have ever heard in my life.  Not only are all the songs original and catchy, it's music that you can listen to when you need to relax, when you want to blast something while you're driving, or even when you're in love.  Every song's lyrics are deep and thoughtful and though his singing style is very similar to other artists like John Mayer and Dave Matthews it's so refreshing to hear Gavin's voice on these records because it's so versatile.  Although this album is mainly easy rock, you can hear the R&amp;B influence in his voice.  This is a definite winner and a concrete contender for this year's Grammy awards. 100% WORTH YOUR MONEY!
B00004RF83|5.0|For whatever reasons, I am intrigued by films and television programs which offer recreations of Presidential activities which are presumably authentic. The West Wing, for example, as well as The American President and this film. Produced by Kirk Douglas and directed by John Frankenheimer, Seven Days in May is based on a hypothetical and perhaps plausible idea: During the Cold War, a cabal of senior-level officers in the United States military services led by General Robert Mattoon Scott (Lancaster) secretly plan a coup by which to remove President Jordan Lyman (March) who is perceived to be \\"soft\\" on Communism, indeed naive as he stubbornly pursues policies which (the officers fear) would render their beloved nation impotent to foreign domination. Kept highly secret for obvious reasons, the coup preparations have been underway for quite some time as the film begins. Douglas plays Colonel Martin (\\"Jiggs\\") Casey, a Marine officer who reports directly to General Scott. Casey views Scott (as do countless others) as a great American patriot. As portrayed by Lancaster, he is indeed impressive. At times intimidating. Scott's brilliant mind is wholly free of any second thoughts, either about himself or about the course on which he proceeds. He would vigorously deny the accusation that he and his coup associates are committing treason.<br /><br />Inadvertently, Casey learns about the coup and at first refuses to believe it. Loyal to Scott and methodical by nature, he begins to gather the salient facts like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle (no pun intended), dreading the image which begins to emerge. At this point, it would be a disservice to those who have not as yet seen the film to reveal  any more about the narrative. Suffice to say that Frankenheimer brilliantly increases the tension as President Jordan and his associates (who include a reluctant Colonel Casey) scramble to prevent the coup. The acting is consistently outstanding. The events preceding the inevitable climax are credible (including some unexpected luck which does not seem to me farfetched), and the film concludes with style and grace. It is worth noting that Rod Serling wrote the screenplay, based on a best-selling novel co-authored by Fletcher Knebel and Charles Waldo Bailey II. Also, that Ava Gardner skillfully plays a small but essential role as Eleanor Holbrook. This is not a thriller, much less a chiller. Rather, the film offers an especially interesting story, well-told. It has lost little (if any) of its dramatic impact during the almost 40 years since its initial release. Thoughtful and thought-provoking entertainment is always appreciated, whenever and wherever we may find it.ble (including some unexpected luck which does not seem to me farfetched), and the film concludes with style and grace. It is worth noting that Rod Serling wrote the screenplay, based on a best-selling novel co-authored by Fletcher Knebel and Charles Waldo Bailey II. Also, that Ava Gardner skillfully plays a small but essential role as Eleanor Holbrook. This is not a thriller, much less a chiller. Rather, the film offers an especially interesting story, well-told. It has lost little (if any) of its dramatic impact during the almost 40 years since its initial release. Thoughtful and thought-provoking entertainment is always appreciated, whenever and wherever we may find it.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|I really loved this cd.  It just carries over from the movies into the cd.  Excitement and pounding action.  A truly good score takes you through the movie when you listen to it even if you arnt watching it.  Pirates of the Carribean does exactly that.  Im not exactly familiar with Klaus Badelt, but I think it is excellent music.  It just jells with the movie.  The awesome pulsating soundtrack flows with the pulsating unforgiving Davey Jones locker.  <BR>My only complaint is that the cd is on the short side. The movie was 2 and a half hours long but the cd is only around 40 minutes long.  It seemed to me that there was more music in the movie but overall I really loved the soundtrack.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|To say this is the best album of the year is not a stretch.  In this day of over produced music, we have an album that is written &amp; produced by the actual band itself.  This is not a band that began as part of a tv series, but rather the accidental coming together of some of the most talented musical artists of our time.  This is music at it's best.  Right from the first track, What's the World Coming To, to the final track, a nice quiet good bye tune titled Goodbye Baby, we know this is something special.  This album features the very best of the core band, Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, John McVie and papa Mick Fleetwood. They have never sounded better musically.  This album shows a maturity of writing and playing that todays bands will never have the chance to reach, this is music from the soul, not from the focus group.  This album never misses a beat and every song on it stands on its own as a truly good or sometimes great song.  Look for standouts such as Peacekeeper, Bleed to Love Her, Illume(911), Red Rover and the Stevie Nicks standard, Silver Girl.  Even Say You Will, the pop driven title track is catchy enough to keep you playing it over and over.  Bravo Fleetwood Mac.
1400034779|4.0|I loved this book.  I was very fond of the lead character.<BR>This novel was easy to read and was a real page turner.I highly<BR>recommend it.
B0000073I5|4.0|It was always assumed that Steve Hackett was the mastermind behind all of the intoxicating guitar sounds that were to be found on the early Genesis albums.  This 1979 solo effort by Rutherford proves that assumption to be false!  Rutherford creates sonic soundscapes (both within normal 4-5 minute &quot;pop&quot; songs and in  the side-long &quot;concept&quot; piece) that echo many of the best guitar sounds from &quot;Selling England By the Pound&quot;, &quot;Trick of the Tail&quot;, and Wind and Wuthering&quot;.  The album also previews the shape of things to come (i.e. the more &quot;pop&quot;-friendly Genesis).  The album was released between &quot;And Then There Were Three&quot; and &quot;Duke&quot;.  It contains lots of the same sort of sounds that were found on those albums.  Fans of middle period Genesis will be suprised (pleasantly so!).  This is not Mike and the Mechanics!!!!
B00000J7SS|1.0|As the previous reviewer from South Carolina stated, this album is just a bunch of disconnected noise. It's not &quot;jazz&quot;, it's not &quot;fusion&quot;, it's not anything...it's just a badly recorded drug overdose. <br />The folks here who gave it 5 stars and gushed over it are just trying to be hip and want to believe that they &quot;get it&quot;. There's nothing here folks, and I bet Miles had a good laugh at the joke he pulled on everybody, the record company included.
0688163173|5.0|Dennis Lehane's SHUTTER ISLAND is an engrossing, thought-provoking, psychological thriller that cleverly challenges the reader to evaluate the main character's sanity.<br />The year is 1954 and U.S. Marshall Teddy Daniels is investigating the disappearance of Rachel Sorrando,a patient who has mysteriously vanished from Ashecliffe Hospital for the Criminally Insane. As a mid-fifties psychiatric hospital located on a North Atlantic island directly in the path of a hurricane, the setting is used to good effect as it conjures up visions of psycho-surgery and drug experimentation on deranged, psychotic killers imprisoned within its dark and cold, storm-ravaged walls.<br />The reader accompanies Daniels in his search for Sorrando while he meets and interacts with the colorful, enigmatic characters who populate the hospital and eventually challenge his grasp of reality.<br />Without giving away the story, by the climax there are several well-spun storylines weaving the plot into a possible deception of a grand scale. Along with Daniels, the reader also questions what was really happenning to him. As I was trying to decide, I was reminded of the movie version of A BEAUTIFUL MIND in which the audience saw the realism of John Nash's delusions and believed they were real just as he did. Likewise, readers of SHUTTER ISLAND are immersed in the workings of the mind of Teddy Daniels and must decide what is real and what isn't. Very Real! Very Challenging! Very Well Done!!
B00005JM09|5.0|Now this is a REAL summer blockbuster. I don't even have to see another big budget summer movie to know that nothing will be able to top this impressive thrill ride. T2 and T3 are hands down the two best action movies I've ever seen. I expected a good time from this third entry, but I didn't expect it to quite live up to T2, however, it turned out to be a very worthy sequel. Fun from beginning to end. With as much fun as I was having, I never got the chance to get bored. The time flew right by and the movie actually seemed short. In an action movie, you really can't ask for much more. This one delivers the goods. It's not some \\"brilliant\\" film, but it's not a mindless music video like xXx either. In fact, it actually does have a pretty solid story, which is amazing considering it's pretty much non-stop action. I just can't get over how fun this movie is. It's a BLAST! Fun, Fun, Fun, and more FUN! There's also quite a few laughs to be found. Whenever Arnold opened his mouth I would laugh. Simple things like \\"Get out,\\" \\"I'll drive,\\" and \\"She'll be back\\" became downright funny coming from him. The part with him going into the bar during ladies night in the beginning was great, very funny. <br />Arnold Schwarzenegger is in top form here. He doesn't look like he's aged a bit since T2. He plays the part again here just as well as he ever did. Newcomer Kristanna Loken delivers a truly kickass performance as the female terminator. She was a lot of fun to watch, sexy and completely ruthless. When we are first introduced to her T-X character, I jokingly whispered to my buddy \\"look, it's Shakira.\\" She really does almost look like her at first. Her \\"breast trick\\" was pretty funny. I see a \\"Best Villain\\" nomination (and most likely win) at the MTV Movie Awards in her future. I usually can't stand Nick Stahl, but he was surprisingly really good here, and never bothered me once. It was also really nice to see Claire Danes again. She doesn't do too many movies anymore. She was pretty much excellent as Kate. Her character was likable and believable.<br />This is a \\"CAN'T MISS\\" for any action fans. I can't picture someone hating it. It's just incredibly fun for everyone. The large amount of money put into the budget was really put to good use. The action and effects were awesome. I'm sick of a lot of the boring and generic action scenes we normally see in action movies, but the action here was a real treat. It was truly exciting to witness. At one time during the movie I thought \\"Man, I can't imagine anyone actually being at The Hulk when this is playing.\\" <br />Before seeing it, I predicted I would like this one more than the first, but not as much as the second. Well, I was dead-on, that's exactly what happened. Although my buddy said he actually thought this one was the best of all three. <br />I've heard a lot of complaints about the ending, but I wasn't that bothered by it. I didn't LOVE it, yet I didn't HATE it. I think I'd probably have to agree with my friend, it kind of made the movie better. It was just a little surprising and made me NEED a T4 NOW. <br />Anyone looking for a GREAT time should do themselves a favor and see this. It deserves every penny it gets and deserves to be a big hit. It's just too much fun! If you want to see a summer movie that truly delivers, this IS it. Don't miss this baby! I can't wait to add the DVD to my collection. <br />Grade: 9/10 (A-)
B00005YW4H|5.0|If you don't like this cd then there is something wrong with you. Norah's smooth sexy voice is at the fore front with excellent songwriting by her and others that play on this cd. A great CD to chill out to after a long days work.
038533348X|5.0|I once heard Kurt Vonnegut speak at a commencement ceremony at a Bennington College in Vermont in 1970, when his daughter was graduating with a bachelor's degree. He spoke quite eloquently about what graduates should do with their lives, and I remember parts of that wonderful speech as if it were yesterday. Indeed, Kurt Vonnegut is a writer of prodigious talents, a visionary seer disguised as an ordinary man, a contemporary wise man who speaks to us in amusing yet frightening allegories about the nature of contemporary man and the absurd technological culture he lives in today. This book, \\"Cat's Cradle\\", is among his finest novels, like most of his others, a work combining a wry sensibility with an amusing ability to confect sweet sounding yet bitter-tasting tales of mayhem and woe.<br />The plot of Cats Cradle is pure science fiction, and revolves around work to create a way to help American tanks more mobile in rain soaked and muddy circumstances, when such an ability to transverse the impossible terrain would give our guys in their tanks an overwhelming advantage over their evil foes. Our protagonist is a scientist working on isotope of water (called Ice -9) that has the ability to crystallize water into a unique form of ice that does not need freezing temperatures to crystallize. With such a capability, the Army could solidify the water in the mud, making it firm and allowing our tanks to roll over it with impunity. The problem is that once introduced into the ground, the compound has untoward effects no one had considered. And the basis for the cautionary tale is spun.<br />All of this is just the premise that allows Vonnegut to explore the far reaches of human behavior and the insane ways in which our culture is operating. It is a brilliant work, one that delves into the deep recesses of what we are, why we are that way, and where we seem to be going. It is at once a satire, a running commentary on the nature of our institutions, and the way in which we lie, cheat, and pretend to be people we are not, and as in his wild and wacky novel \\"Mother Night\\", shows why you should be afraid of who it is you are pretending to be, for it may come back to haunt you. This book literally explodes with a plethora of stinging insights into contemporary society, and constitutes a brilliant, albeit ironic, diagnosis of what a contradiction it is to be a human being trying to live a sane life in an insane world. This really is magical mystery tour, and one that will take your breath away. Enjoy!cheat, and pretend to be people we are not, and as in his wild and wacky novel \\"Mother Night\\", shows why you should be afraid of who it is you are pretending to be, for it may come back to haunt you. This book literally explodes with a plethora of stinging insights into contemporary society, and constitutes a brilliant, albeit ironic, diagnosis of what a contradiction it is to be a human being trying to live a sane life in an insane world. This really is magical mystery tour, and one that will take your breath away. Enjoy!
B0000636UN|5.0|Sheryl Crow has not disappointed me yet. She seems to get better and better on each release. This cd is a more upbeat cd than \\"The Globe Sessions\\" and has many guest star appearances by the likes of Lenny Kravitz, Don Henley and Stevie Nicks. This is a good cd to crank in the car while cruising around.
B000001EXB|4.0|If you're an Elton John fan partial to his ballads, then this is a good album to get. The majority of the songs on here, with the exception of four, are exactly that. Most of them don't hold up quite as well (except for the beautiful \\"Live Like Horses\\") as those on, say, his 1970 self-titled album, but they come very close. Bernie Taupin's lyrics are, in general, very poetic (and, at times, slightly naughty), and Elton's musical arrangements fit very well with most of them.    As far as the ballads on here go, my personal favorites are \\"Live Like Horses\\", \\"Recover Your Soul\\", \\"Something About the Way You Look Tonight\\", \\"Love's Got A Lot to Answer For\\", and the title track. What really stood out for me about these tracks was the fact that Bernie's lyrics and Elton's music & vocals really complement each other well. This isn't quite the case with some of the other ballads (i.e. the lyrics of \\"I Can't Steer My Heart Clear of You\\" are wonderful, as are Elton's vocals, but the musical arrangement doesn't quite work, in my opinion; though musically and vocally, \\"Long Way From Happiness\\" is very good, Bernie's lyrics aren't some of the most creative he's written).    In terms of the more \\"pop\\" songs, \\"If the River Can Bend\\" (a gospel-influenced track that reminded me of \\"Amazes Me\\" on the album \\"Sleeping with The Past\\"), \\"Wicked Dreams\\" (the \\"poetic and slightly naughty\\" track I mentioned in my first  paragraph), and \\"January\\" (a track that, as far as lyrical imagery and musical arrangement goes, is pretty good) are my favorites. I really enjoyed the upbeat, energetic way Elton played and sung these songs.    Despite the minor flaws found on this album in some places, it remains one of my favorites. As a whole, this album was very good, worth  listening to all the way through at least once.
B00008H2LB|4.0|I have to admit I was never a big on the rap/metal mixture but this group definitely makes the combination sound natural. Every song is good but the down side to that is the cd only lasts a little more than a half an hour.
B000002ULO|5.0|This is one of my favorite solo McCartney albums, and is, in my opinion, one of the best examples of that work. Whenever I listen to it, I always get the feeling Paul really enjoyed recording it. The whole mood of the album is very relaxed, fun, and personal.<br />I think the fact that Paul got together with several of his friends and family members (including, among others,  Linda, Ringo, and Steve Miller) had a lot to do with the warm, down-to-earth mood of the album. Hearing this album really gave me the feeling Paul enjoyed playing with them.<br />I enjoyed this whole album, but my most favorite tracks were &quot;The Song We Were Singing&quot;, &quot;The World Tonight&quot; (both of which were lyrically, musically, and vocally great), &quot;Somedays&quot; (yet another wonderful love song for Linda), &quot;Young Boy&quot; (a song Paul obviously wrote about his son), &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; (a good rocker that, I think, was also a tribute to John), &quot;Heaven On A Sunday&quot; (a beautiful ballad that's even more enjoyable for the fact that Paul played on it with his son, James), &quot;Used To Be Bad&quot; (another great rocker), &quot;Souvenir&quot;, &quot;Little Willow&quot; (both gorgeous ballads), and &quot;Beautiful Night&quot; (a part ballad, part pop song with drumming and a backing vocal courtesy of Ringo).<br />This is an excellent album, definitely a must-have for any McCartney/ Beatles fan.
B00008PW3Q|3.0|I love Fleetwood Mac but this cd is a little disappointing. First off, the cd could do without some of Lindsey Buckinghams experimental tracks that make the cd hard to enjoy. Second the cd is filled with too much filler that you have to skip through to get to the decent tracks that are mostly Stevie Nicks songs. Third, they are missing the great songwriting and songs of Christine McVie. I expected a little more from one of my favorite rock and roll bands.
B000006NX5|5.0|THE ALBUM RHAPSODY IN WHITE IS THE MOST WONDERFUL ALBUM EVER MADE. RHAPSODY IN WHITE SOUNDS LIKE THE MUSIC OF THE HEAVEN.<BR>THE LOVE UNLIMITED ORCHESTRA KNOWS WHAT MUSIC MEANS. THE GLORY OF MUSIC WAS BORN THE DAY THAT RHAPSODY IN WHITE START TO SOUND.<BR>&quot;LOVE THEMES&quot; ITS A BEAUTY AND &quot;I FEEL LOVE COMING ON&quot; ITS THE MUSIC ITSELF.
B00005JKN9|4.0|I was delighted by this movie. I've been a history buff since childhood, and I found myself immersed in a movie that really shows what it was like to live in the past. It wasn't glossy; it was gritty and real.<br />Unfortunately, the revenge storyline has been done too many times. Also, while we're supposed to be hating Daniel Day Lewis' Bill Cutting and rooting for underdog Leonardo DiCaprio, I found the reverse happening. Lewis was so captivating and DiCaprio so lifeless that I couldn't help hoping for Amsterdam's failure in his mission to kill his father's murderer.<br />For me, the storyline was just something to keep the movie going while I watched history unfold.
0385509456|5.0|I found this novel to be incredible.  Mark Haddon's story, narrated by an autistic teenager is really amazing.  Christopher Boone is out walking in the middle of the night when he discovers that a dog on his street has been murdered with a pitchfork.  Despite his father's warnings to mind his own business, Christopher is determined to solve the mystery of who killed the dog and is equally determined to write it all down and his writings become the novel.  The novel really isn't about this poor dog, rather, it's about Christopher, his life, his family, his school, his thought-processes.  I confess, I don't know much more about autism than what I have read in various magazine articles, but Christopher's voice is certainly convincing, which is quite an amazing accomplishment.  Christopher is brilliant in many aspects--mathmatically and logically, nothing can get past him and yet emotionally he is in the dark.  Christopher acknowledges his shortcomings and explains them, very logically.  Haddon's undertaking is intriguing--a novel narrated by an autistic--and he carries it off very, very well.  Enjoy.
B000069AUI|1.0|I am highly into experimental rock/metal, but Coldplay's follow up to the just-as-bad 'Parachutes' is full of the same, mindnumbingly dull, pseudo intelligent bul lsh it. There have been many a coment made about how this album is \\"fresh\\" and \\"groundbreaking\\", they are all null and void. These are from the people who spend too much time watching MTV and not enough time searching for decent music. Coldplay is basically a terrible Sigur Ros cover band, I'm surprised the guys in Radiohead haven't mudered them (ala Burzum and Mayhem). The music on this album is just irritating (with the exception of the piano in \\"Clocks\\"), and the vocals are just terrible. who ever told the i diot that he could sing should be burned along with all Coldplay Albums. Listen to me, please, if you want some brilliant experimental type music listen to Opeth (either 'Still Life' or 'Damnation' would be best), Godspeed You! Black Emperor, or Sigur Ros and stop supporting this horrid excuse for honest and intelligent music. Pretencious MTV junkies must be de stroyed!
B000002KXV|5.0|The Nightfly by Donald Fagen is a great period piece that represents his life during the 1950s & 1960s. Nearly all of the compositions could pass for Steely Dan compositions, which certainly says something about the high standard of the album.<BR>A great buy for any SD or Donald Fagen fan.
B000050IE6|5.0|Opeth's 'Still Life' is pure genius. Plain and simple. Through their music and voice, they have crafted beautiful and lush sonic landscapes that engulfs you almost instantly. The shockingly strong mix of prog, death metal, and black metal (but only a small bit) is just purely amazing. The song structure throughout the album differs, they do not go by the average intro/verse/chorus/verse/chorus/bridge/chorus structure. The songs meander through one another and just create an amazing atmosphere. I know that it is hard to say which of Opeth's albums are their best (though I vouch for 'Morningrise'), but the lyrics, vocals, and music on 'Still Life' truly make for an excellent listen and is definitely amazing. The choice tracks for me are \\"The Moor\\" and \\"White Cluster\\" (they are the most extreme tracks on the album). I honestly don't know what to say more about this album, it us just \\"that\\" good. 'Still Life' is a great addition to anyone's album collection (not to mention in my top five favorite albums of all time), and is a complete and utter MUST HAVE to all music fans. BUY THIS NOW!
B0000000LI|5.0|I went to see Yanni in Houston LIVE!!! His music is mellow and bittersweet and I just like the many instruments that make up his band!
B00005YW4H|4.0|The first listen was okay, but keep on listening to this one and it really mellows you out.  Norah has a beautiful raspy, jazzy voice which grows on you.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Godspeed are a great addition to the long list of great music makers who grace my collection. I was listening to this on a trip up through Sicily and it was the perfect soundtrack. I let a friend listen and he thought it just noise. Not for everybody I guess. I really like people who actually think before they make music, which Godspeed most certainly do. The music is so interesting, blending such a dynamic set of sounds that you can't help but be swept away by it. If you have the means, pick this up.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I liked Christina from the start of her career because of her amazing voice.  The first CD was teeny bopperish but this one is more mature and I have to say it's not easy for me to like an entire CD BUT with this one I have to say I liked 90% of the songs.  Great CD!!!
B00006LLNU|5.0|Sigur Ros make such beautiful music. This is music to cry to. To laugh to. To listen to. I don't think anyone has been able to accurately describe music with words, so I won't try. If you like great music, give these guys a a listen. You just might like it. P.S.(It's like a flower blooming through the mist created by a waterfall on a brisk autumn day.) :)
B00005JLSE|4.0|Those who have condemned Chicago for its characters and subject matter are missing the point.  When he wrote this musical Fosse was satirizing a society in which the appetite for sensationalism has led to the glamorization of criminals and the corruption of our government and justice system.  The twenties were notorious for this.  However, Fosse couched it in such an appealing manner so that it was only upon reflection that people realized who and what they had been rooting for, thus proving his point.  If something is entertaining and sensational enough people will pay to see it regardless of its moral values.  <br />Chicago is a fabulous production and does justice to Fosse's original vision.  While some people have condemned the singing in the film it is consistent with recordings from that period and, for me at any rate, instantly evoked the time period. I think Chicago is a great production and worth seeing at least once.
B00005AUBA|5.0|I saw it sitting there. I knew it was a CD because of the shape of the package. It was wrapped in nice blue and green wrapping paper. My friend usually buys me interesting CD's, so I opened it up quick to see what it was. To my great pleasure the lettering down the side of the CD read &quot;Mogwai Rock Action.&quot; I plopped it in the CD player and listened. The music hit my ears like an arancini hitting my stomach, pure bliss.<br /> To cut straight to the point, the world is crazy, listen to Mogwai. Oh yeah, if you give it as a gift, make sure you put a red bow on the top.
B00005JLRT|2.0|I personally think that \\"Nemesis\\" is the weakest StarTrek movie ever. Although the story is not at all bad and sometimes has some admirable sublety to it, its realization is just too way off the usual StarTrek design and character plots. I believe this is due to the new director Stuart Baird, famous for his work as editor in \\"Die Hard\\", \\"Lethal Weapon\\" and \\"Superman - The Movie\\". But as this StarTrek movie clearly shows, a good editor isn't necessarily a good director - Jonathan Frakes might have been a better choice in this case as previous StarTrek films have demonstrated. Especially the wedding scene comes across just weird and inappropriate - not only could makeup made Diana (and the others for that matter) look a lot better than the old women she is in the film, but the whole wedding dialog is so embarrassing with Picard cracking jokes noone can laugh about and him playing the entertainer instead of conveying the usual authoritative distinctiveness that suits him and his role so well. Speaking of emotions: the whole movie is drenched with melancholy and pessimism. Where is the optimistic StarTrek view on the world, where are the ever puzzling technical inventions and ingenuities of Geordi and the irrefutable logic of Data, who this time just sit there contributing nothing constructive to the plot (except his ultimate and utterly destructive sacrifice - the sacrifice of a character over the lack of creativity). The film's dark and sinister atmosphere conveys a permanent feeling of hopelessness and bears a striking resemblance to the latest \\"Enterprise\\" TV episodes. All in all, this movie, maybe because of his mission being named the \\"Nemesis\\", gradually dismantles the shining Roddenberry StarTrek vision and forgets about all the creative potential it once had to offer. Just like the recent \\"Enterprise\\" TV episodes, it makes a once colorful, mysterical and idealistic fantasy StarTrek universe - although technically advanced - degrade to yet another everyday worldjust as the one we already have on our doorstep. Roddenberry died years ago, and now did his vision.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I have never been fond of Christina Aguilera, especially during her \\"cookie-cutter teen sensation\\" days, but I must say that I am extremely impressed with her new sound to accompany her new album.  Don't be deceived by the title, \\"Stripped,\\" because the LP is composed of songs with depth and sophistication (lyrically and vocally).  Please be cautioned that Ms. Aguilera is an adult, and therefore performs adult pieces with mature themes.  After listening to this album, I'm proud to say that I'm a Christina Aguilera fan!  Keep up the excellent work and be true to yourself Ms. Aguilera!  I look forward to your next album!<br />TRACK-BY-TRACK CRITIQUE<br />2.  Can't Hold Us Down (feat. Lil' Kim) - *GREAT SONG* (FOURTH SINGLE) I like Lil' Kim's rap; nice beat.<br />3.  Walk Away - *EXCELLENT SONG* Great vocals; a jazz feel to it; one of my favorites!<br />4.  Fighter - *EXCELLENT SONG* (THIRD SINGLE) Powerhouse vocals; Dave Navarro on guitar; what more can I ask for??  My favorite song on the album!<br />6.  Infatuation - *EXCELLENT SONG* Latino instrumentals; good vocals (mixture of Spanish and English); another favorite!<br />8.  Loving Me 4 Me - *GREAT SONG* very soothing vocals; jazz/blues feel; great message!<br />9.  Impossible (feat. Alicia Keys) - *GREAT SONG* Alicia Keys produced and wrote this jazz-influenced song.  Christina, of course, dominates with her vocals.<br />10.  Underappreciated - *GREAT SONG* slightly up-tempo; great chorus; powerful vocals!<br />11.  Beautiful - *EXCELLENT SONG* (SECOND SINGLE) A very moving song; excellent vocals; a make-you-feel-good song!<br />12.  Make Over - *OKAY SONG* I have mixed feelings about this song because I like some parts of it (Christina's ad-libs), but it can sound retarded at other times.  The overall vibe of the song is of the English-Rock genre, but I really don't feel it.<br />13.  Cruz - *GOOD SONG* Nothing much to say about this song but good job Ms. Aguilera.<br />14.  Soar - *GREAT SONG* uplifting message; great vocals (she hits very high notes perfectly)<br />15.  Get Mine, Get Yours - *EXCELLENT SONG* one of my favorites; great instrumentals; lyrics are mature (but the song doesn't sound slutty)<br />16.  Dirrty - *EXCELLENT SONG* (FIRST SINGLE) excellent party song; lyrics are mature (meant to sound slutty lol); powerful vocals; very sensual and entertaining!<br />18.  The Voice Within - *EXCELLENT SONG* beautiful slow-tempo song; great vocals; moving lyrics; one of my favorites!<br />19.  I'm OK - *EXCELLENT, YET PAINFUL SONG* I almost cried after hearing this song (for personal reasons).  I'm sure Ms. Aguilera had a hard time recording this song, but it must have relieved some tension that she's kept inside of her.  This as \\"stripped\\" we see Christina on the album, and she puts her all into this song.<br />20.  Keep On Singin' My Song - *GOOD SONG* A nice way to end the album; good vocals; nice, uplifting message
1881273156|5.0|This is the first of Gary Chapman's books I ever read (they all are wonderful)- about ten years ago. It is so good, I continue to go back to it when I have frustrations in a new relationship. <br />Gary Chapman is an excellent author and speaker. His writing style is so easy to follow and this book does a wonderful job explaining how different people communicate love. Each chapter is clearly defined and stories from couples he has counseled tie it all together.<br />This book is helpful for anyone, no matter what stage of dating or marriage you are in currently. Everyone can learn from it.
B00006BTCA|5.0|I've never had anything like this in my CD player, and I haven't been able to find anything like this band yet. It makes me think of 80's music, but with a modern dark edge to it. The music is all very well put together and every song sends strong waves of emotion through you. I like the fact that they are mature but at the same time jam really well. I'm bad at writing reviews but I think this CD is intimidating at first but it really grows on you. I think &quot;Obstacle 1&quot; and &quot;Stella&quot; are really great songs. &quot;NYC&quot; puts you in a sad dreamy mood..but it's beautiful.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I despise television.  I even gave it up last year, and now only see a few shows a friend and I watch together.  \\"The West Wing\\".  \\"24\\".  \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\".  <br />Until last fall.  Then I saw \\"Firefly\\", named somewhat whimsically about a cargo ship whose end lights up when it accelerates.  But this is no flashy futuristic show about technical wonders, but rather a very nitty-gritty character study of nine very individual people.  <br />Joss Whedon, who created \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" and \\"Angel\\", had an idea for a science fiction show unique to that \\"Southern California born/spent time in Britain as a teenager\\" background of his:  He read a book about the ground level grunts of the American Civil War called \\"The Rebel Angels\\" and wanted to do a TV series about the people who didn't make the history books: the people history stepped on.  He wanted to do a story set in a future about a ship and where it went.  Not a vast engine of war or a great vessel of exploration and diplomacy, but an old tramp steamer of a ship, so small it didn't even have a mounted gun, that made its way through thick and thin by taking any job, anywhere, no questions asked.  <br />The nine people on board the Firefly-class ship \\"Serenity\\" aren't rich, famous, particularly smart or particularly gifted, for the most part.  They all have pasts, and not all of them are comfortable about talking about themselves. They live in the aftermath of a major war that lead to the forceable unification of all of humanity, and not all of them were on the same side. The ship's name, \\"Serenity\\" is that of the climactic battle of that war, and they find themselves still trapped psychologically in a war that ended six years before. They have doubts, fears, old pains and new concerns, like where their next job is coming from and whether they'll live through it, because the few people that can hire them and will hire them have scant concern for ethics, the law or good manners.  Sometimes your employeris more dangerous to you than the law you're trying to avoid.  <br />And this is a show about the outskirts:  there are laser guns, hoverships and advanced technology, but few can afford them.  Big Dumb Bullets are still cheaper than Flashy Powered Blasters, and on the frontier reliability is more important than fashion, particularly when the other fellow has a habit of firing first.  A horse will do you better than a powersled if you have lots of grasslands but no repair facilities or money to pay.  A man dressed like a cowboy may have artificial organs and a revolver, or own a space station and need to pick up advanced medicines or even transfer a herd of cows.  \\"Serenity\\" flies between the Core worlds of advanced technology and the newly terraformed Rim worlds, where people are grateful to have a wooden roof overhead.<br />It is this peculiar mix of the old and new that fascinates those looking for the unexpected: the comically serious and the deadly comical.  Any given episode will shift you from adventure to terror, farce to drama, slapstick to deep thought and a sense of \\"boy, I didn't see THAT coming\\" without a sense that no-one is at the wheel, or that the screenwriter is merely playing with your expectations.  More importantly, there are no \\"cheats\\": every action more deeply reveals the characters and who they are becoming.  Unlike the broadcasts, this DVD shows the episodes, including three new ones, in their intended order.<br />\\"Firefly\\" is seldom what it first appears to be, either in terms of appearance or behaviour.  No plot works out as expected, and people can surprise you.  Joss Whedon indicated that \\"Buffy\\" was about growing up, \\"Angel\\" is about getting to work and \\"Firefly\\" is about being grown up and the choices you have to make as an adult.  It's not like any other show you've seen:  a story of the nine people who find themselves on board a ship, looking into the black of space, and seeing nine different things looking back at them.  <br />Evenif you've seen all the first season episodes broadcast on FOX and are waiting for the forthcoming 2005 Universal motion picture, this DVD has all episodes to date, including the three not previously broadcast in the U.S., and such extras as cast and creator commentaries, a blooper reel to equal any other show in history and a few other easter eggs here and there.<br />Like such great television shows as \\"Hill Street Blues\\", \\"Babylon 5\\", \\"Homicide: Life on the Streets\\" or \\"The Supranos\\", this will introduce you to people and places that will enrich you and your concept of the world.  I still hate television.  I'm buying this DVD.
0441003257|2.0|Have to agree with the previous writer.  What a bust this book was, and it had the materials to be so much better.  Aside from a couple guffaws and chuckles (in particularance towards the convolutination of the communicance of the perpelxinating military jargonance) this book was a bore, moved slowly, not as imaginative as it promises to be, and pages plodded by with nothing happening.
B000002U82|5.0|Wow, did this album bring back memories. Of course I listened to it way back when, but only recently did I buy it for myself. Of all popular music, Pink Floyd is in a class all by itself, way up there. Words can not describe what this music conveys, it is timeless, essential and an example of true mastery.
B00005JKES|5.0|Where do I begin raving about TWIN PEAKS?  This series began centered around &quot;Who Killed Laura Palmer?&quot;, and grew to reveal a small town in Washington state that had more secrets than the entire Kennedy clan combined!  The acting was great, the set designs magnificent, writing sublime, and the direction always spot on.  The music was one of the best most recognizable soundtracks ever, and I will never get it out of my head!<br />The series itself was an anomaly for television.  David Lynch's breathtaking world came to life for an audience that refused to be looked down on.  There were never easy answers to any of TWIN PEAKS, and symbolism ran rampant.  It made television literate!  The smartest series ever made!  It has not been matched before or since.<br />The DVD is a fully loaded affair!  You get commentaries from key players (save for Lynch himself), interviews with almost ALL the cast members, and some really fun featurettes covering a variety of subjects down to the pies made for the show.  It's appropriately dense, and requires the user to look hard for everything on the discs.  And it's so reasonably priced you get value for your buck!<br />The only downside is this is the first season proper minus the pilot episode.  Only the pilot was actually shot in Washington, but amazing how they made Southern California so convincingly Pacific Northwest!  You have to buy the pilot separately, and the second season as of this date has not been announced as a release.  I have the entire series on VHS, and the picture and sound here is a breathtaking improvement.  This quirky series was shot in a way to make you want to adjust the television, the colors are always just ever so slightly off but that was totally on purpose.<br />You can't beat the price here!  Grab a pie and a cup of joe, and enjoy the world's best television series.  At least the first season of it.  But don't get too angry at the end when all you want is MORE!  How about it Artisan?
B000060OFT|5.0|Once you strip away the manic video montage of Verona Beach, Baz Luhrman's precocious musical tendancies, the over-wrought drama of the secondary characters, you are a left with perhaps the purest telling of this famous tragedy.  The often bland Leonardo DiCaprio and the often brilliant Claire Dane meld perfectly in to their respective roles as Romeo and Juliet.  All the innocence, the wonderment, the naivete, and the wreckless, unbridalled passion is captured equisitely in this movie.  Forget the irreverence, forget the baudy, tacky colors, this is Romeo and Juliet as it was meant to be told.
B000094A6B|5.0|First of all, this movie is ridiculously stupid....but that's what makes it so funny. Pulling from movies like Animal House, Revenge of the Nerds, or any movie about college boozefests, this movie gives a hour and some change of nothing but zanyness. Let me say that I love Will Ferrell and he steals the show on every movie he plays in (i.e.- Austin Powers, Ladies Man, etc). Will plays a recovering alcoholic by the name of Frank \\"The Tank\\". He decides that Frank \\"The Tank\\" needs to be put behind him, so he changes his life and gets married. However, he has a friend name Beanie (Vince Vaughn) that has other ideas. Beanie is a married man who hates marriage......figure that one out. Beanie is hell bent on going back to the days of his youth and he needed a way to do it. Thus, enters Mitch (Luke Wilson) who after finding out his girlfriend is a freak moved to a house that was near the college campus. Frank and Beanie decide to cheer him up by throwing this wild, binge drinking party (Mitchapalooza). That's when the madness begins. Frank The Tank relapsed back to his old ways and soon becomes the life of the party when he joins in on the binge drinking. Add some willing co-eds, banging music, more drunk college students, and Snoop Dogg (better known as Snoop-a-Loop) and you have yourself a legendary party. The three men become instant legends on campus and decide to form a Fraternity that is like none other. They do it to spite the dean who hates their guts because they picked on him when they were teens. That's where it really gets crazy. Mitch becomes known as the Godfather. Frank begins to have marital problems. From streaking to K-Y Jelly wrestling to tranquilizer darts, this movie delivers nothing but good times. Will Ferrell is one of my favorite comedians. His physical comedy is probably one of the best in the business. He doesn't take it as far as Jim Carrey does, which is a good thing. He gives you just enough to keep you in stitches. Vince Vaughn plays the partof a sleazy salesman to the max. Once again, I will say that comedies are supposed to be more funny than real. If you want real life, watch real life stories or a drama based on a true story. Comedies are founded on the premises of making people laugh and this comedy is no exception. If you want to laugh, rent this movie. It's hilarious. If you enjoyed Animal House, Revenge of the Nerds, and any other college boozefest, then you will love this movie. The ending is a bit cliche and the plot is a bit too farcical, but what it is is good slapstick comedy. Oh yeah, there is even a love story thrown into the madness. I give it an A. Enjoy
B00000IBDY|4.0|Tomorrow was a better-than-average sixties psychedelic band who had some inkling of how to use the recording studio to make interesting records. &quot;My White Bicycle&quot; remains a classic, with its dazzling use of backwards guitar and drum sounds. &quot;Revolution&quot; (not the same as the Beatles song of the same name) is also a fun one, with its many surprising tape edits (a la &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; on speed!). Speaking of the Beatles, Tomorrow's rocked-up version of &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; is actually quite listenable, and not the travesty one might expect. Their overall sound of luscious fender guitar slurps, crazy stereo panning, and whimsical lyrics with front-and-center vocals make this a good period piece. What the album lacks are memorable melodies; if there were some, this would be a great album indeed.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly, a short-lived science fiction series which ran on Fox in Fall of 2002, is a true marvel.  Despite not initially airing the pilot episode which properly introduced the ensemble of 9 main characters, despite airing the engrossing continuing storyline out of order, despite frequent preemption for sports events, despite unfairly characterizing the show as \\"cowboys in space\\", despite cutting the series off before its three best episodes were left unaired, the twelve aired episodes are now an international fan-favorite classic TV series.  The series revolves around the hi-larious, heartbreaking adventures of the crew of the tramp freighter Serenity in the 2500s as they struggle to find their place in the (uni-)'verse after an interstellar civil war.  All fifteen filmed Firefly episodes, including three never aired in the U.S., are on this DVD along with a gag reel and many cast and crew provided interviews and extras.  <BR><br /><BR>Despite Fox's unfortunate decision to cancel Firefly, the series lives on now in DVD, perhaps in a big-screen movie that is under serious development for 2004, and hopefully someday in additional Season Two future TV episodes.  Get this DVD.  You will not be disappointed.
B000002KKD|5.0|R.E.M. might be the most famous musical act to come out of the supposedly sleepy college town of Athens, Georgia, with the Indigo Girls being a close second, but the B-52's were the first group to come out of that now infamous hotbed of alternative music.  Next month I get to see the B-52's in concert, so I am trotting out their albums and getting ready.  If you do not know that the group took their name from the Southern slag for the big buouffant wigs sported by signers Kate Pierson and Cindy Wilson, then you probably have not checked out the Broadway cast album for \\"Hairspray\\" (but you should).  I remember once hearing the group's look described as \\"campy, thrift-store aesthetic\\" and I certainly could not improve on that appellation.  This 1979 self-titled debut album remains their best, harkening back to the day when the group was a quintet: add to the mix Fred Schneider, guitarist Ricky Wilson, and drummer Keith Strickland.  Using their first single \\"Rock Lobster\\" as the springboard to success, this album offers up songs that are first and foremost quite danceable.  Of course, if you listen to the lyrics you will find the songs somewhat bizarre, but that is half the fun.  Nobody is more manic than the B-52's, and this album proves the truth of that statement from day one.<br />Do not try to put the B-52's into the categories of either post-punk of new wave, because they were over in the category of silly fun all by them selves.  Who else could match Schneider's flamboyantly campy vocals or the quirky harmonies of Pierson and Wilson?  But this album works because the songs are pretty good, especially the first four tracks: \\"Planet Claire,\\" \\"52 Girls,\\" \\"Dance This Mess Around,\\" and, of course, \\"Rock Lobster.\\"  Every student of American Popular Culture has to fall in love with \\"Planet Claire\\" with its bizarre blend of the themes from \\"Star Trek\\" and \\"Peter Gunn,\\" while Schneider sings about a planet where no one ever dies and no one has a head (makes you wonder if there is a link between the two).  \\"52 Girls\\" has Pierson and Wilson chanting the names of 24 girls in what it probably the catchiest dance tune on the album.  \\"Dance This Mess Around\\" is another Pop Culture tour, with its references to various dances nobody remembers the names for, let alone the moves.  Then there is \\"Rock Lobster,\\" the glorious ode of communal towel coordination.  This remains the best B-52's album simply because most fun things are most fun the first time around.f there is a link between the two).  \\"52 Girls\\" has Pierson and Wilson chanting the names of 24 girls in what it probably the catchiest dance tune on the album.  \\"Dance This Mess Around\\" is another Pop Culture tour, with its references to various dances nobody remembers the names for, let alone the moves.  Then there is \\"Rock Lobster,\\" the glorious ode of communal towel coordination.  This remains the best B-52's album simply because most fun things are most fun the first time around.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|After seeing Cher's farewell tour concert twice, I didn't want it to end.  Cher at her best, the music, costumes, and her stage dancers, nobody can beat it.<br />This is by far the best concert ever, and the DVD brings it as close to live as you can get.
B00005JLRT|2.0|This movie was like a big overblown STNG episode. I enjoyed it as long as I kept my brain turned off. Patrick Stewart was wonderful as Captain Picard but it seems like he was just going through the motions to get a paycheck. He is a capable actor and his talents were wasted on this film. The deleted scenes would've actually made the movie a lot better if they were included. Shinzon was not as effective a villian as Kahn no matter what Berman says! Shinzon seemed like some rushed into production character added to the Star Trek universe just for this movie. The Romulans would never have allowed the Remans to take over the Romulan Senate I mean it would be the same as The Borg being defeated by a horde of Jawas or the efforts of one federation captain (i.e. Voyager) which I thought was just as ridiculous. But we needed a movie to include the Romulans so they came up with this garbage! What a travesty!
0792846443|4.0|I Feel Your Pain!<br /> Misery is a 1990 suspense drama released by Castle Rock Entertainment, directed by Rob Reiner, with a running time of 107 minutes.  Based on a Stephen King novel, this drama is considerably enhanced by the performance of its leads, James Caan (Paul Sheldon) and Kathy Bates (Annie Wilkes).  <BR> The tale is really very simple.  Paul Sheldon is a successful writer whose career has been made on the back of a series of novels about a 19th century heroine that he is growing weary of, called \\"Misery.\\"  Although she has been the focus of a hugely popular series of novels, Paul wishes to `retire' the character and focus on writing something more personal.  After finishing his latest book, Paul sets out from a Colorado lodge nestled in the Rocky Mountains and begins his drive back to the city during a horrible snowstorm.  Let's just say he doesn't make it.  <BR> As luck would have it, former nurse Annie Wilkes is passing by and drags him from the wreck.  When he comes to, he is in bed being tended to by his `number one fan' (Annie) in her home.  Annie assists Paul in his recuperation, as both legs and an arm are broken as a result of his accident.  His gratitude soon turns to concern though, as it become increasingly clear that her love of his Misery novels is far from normal.  This unhealthy obsession is only too apparent as she finishes his latest manuscript where Misery dies.  To say she becomes outraged would be an understatement.  Her rage and insistence that he should rewrite the book leads him to becoming a prisoner in her home.<BR> You would think that a movie centered on two characters in one room wouldn't offer much in the way of excitement, but you need to see this movie!  As it becomes quite clear to Paul that help is not on the way, the movie takes on claustrophobic urgency.  You find yourself yelling at him, trying to help him escape.  As Annie spirals slowly into insanity, things begin to look even bleaker for Paul.  <BR> Kathy Bates deservedly took home an Oscar and Golden Globe award for her performance as Annie, and James Caan is wonderful in what must have been a difficult role to play, since he spends most of his time in casts lying in a bed.  <BR> Misery is not your typical dramatic movie.  It will keep you on the edge of your seat and make you second-guess whether you would really like to be rescued, in a snowstorm, by a \\"good Samaritan.\\"  I give the movie a 4-star rating and recommend it for all viewers, especially Stephen King fans.
B00005JM09|4.0|Ok this was a good movie. It had a lot of action packed scenes in this movie. There were a few problems, Arnold was not as good as he was on T2, and the movie was a bit short but still ran almost 2 hours. Adding a character (C.Danes) might be a back step but hey who knows. There are die-hard Terminator fans, which are called people with no life's that did not like this movie. Do not judge this movie on the other 2 Terminators; it was Terminator 3, not \\"Better than Terminator 2\\". You will have a good time watching this movie. Likely there will be a T4, Arnold in the movie said \\"We will meet again\\" or \\"We meet again\\" I did not catch it, he did say he will do another Terminator just depends on the fans. When they do make a Terminator 4, lets hope Arnold will come back because even I would be disappointed if he did not return. Also I hope it will not be cheesy and all the Machines, lets hope there still is the regular streets, buildings, not just bunch of explosions and burnt down buildings which they talked about in T-1 and T-2. Overall this was a good movie.
B000002KDG|5.0|This album is a perfect showcase for Neil\\"s to main styles: The first five songs showcase Neil's folk side, the songs the songs are just killer especcially \\"Out of the Blue\\", a song describing that compares Elvis to Johnny Rotten of The Sex Pistols, and \\"Thrasher\\" A song that seems to be about Neil leaving his friends behind him to further his artistic vision, sort of the end of a stage hence the line: \\"just another line in the field of time.\\" Then comes \\"Ride My Llama\\" a song that I think is a song about an adventure that Neil has with a primitive. The other two: \\"Pocahontas\\" and \\"Sail Away\\" are good, but they dont exactly stand out. The electric side is kicked off with the beautiful \\"Powderfinger\\" A song about a young Native Americans dilemna of being the only one capable of defending his tribe as white men sail in on a ship. The song is simple, but extremely well done, with the classic self refference Neil belts out \\" Just think of me as the one you never figured\\". After that comes the double team comprising of \\"Wellfare Mothers\\" and \\"Sedan Delivery\\" these are two great straight up rockers. Then comes \\"Into The Black\\" essentially the sequel to out of the blue, same deal just electric, a truly kick ... track.<br />\\"Rust Never Sleeps\\" is a great record one of the best of Neil's career, it is more Intimate than \\"Live Rust\\" but if you were looking for a wider song selection I would definitley recomend \\"Live Rust\\" but if you just want A very compact, more simple rock album with great songs \\"Rust Never Sleeps\\" is the one for you, or you could buy both and then you'd be set.
0783117523|4.0|This film effectivly shows how Gia started out happy with her life and everything even her low payed job and took the route accidentley of becoming a supermodel, while this film might seem overly pretentious if you havent seen it, it is a very good film but one you can get bored off if you have seen it a number of times. Angelina Jolie plays Gia and acts very well in the way her relationships prosper and fail with women and with men. There is also the effect she has on people in this film which is always there, the outline of the film is commentry on this attractive young girl who couldnt change despair (drug addiction) it's a film that really portrays life for alot of people and i think it does it well, i would recommened this to anyone but i can imagine not everybody finding this a likable film.
B000006TRV|5.0|This the greatest album put together in the history of rock. There's not one note you could add to improve any of the songs, and if you took anything away, it just wouldn't be Pink Floyd. Ranging from popular hits like &quot;Another Brick In The Wall pt. 2&quot; to unknown classics like &quot;Vera&quot;, this album is a must for any music fan. And once you start, its almost impossible to turn it off. I can't see how anyone would be able to turn off the CD right in the middle of it. This album is meant to be listened to, so once you start, make sure you've got a free two or three hours to listen through everything. Don't be surprised if you listen to three songs, turn it off, and say you didn't like it. If you're going to buy one album to test out Pink Floyd, let it be this one.
B00002ND77|4.0|For what Spike Lee is doing in this film i think he captured alot of it reasonably well, but it's got to be hard to make a film on one of the defining people in history. Malcolm x is a long film which is a good film but if you watch this excpecting it to be around 2 hours you should be warned in advance (it clocks in at around about 3. The film portrays many important issues that we live with today mainly that you should not judge a person by his past and that people really can change even against all odds. Though Malcolm x is not the most lucid of films it still makes good viewing and Denzel Washington himself makes a very admiral and well acted performace. This is one of the better historical films around.
B000002J09|5.0|This album is perfect in every way, shape, and form. There's nothing anyone could change, add, or delete that would make this album better. It's got great songs and Stairway to Heaven, which is arguablly the greatest song ever written. This album ranks right up there with Pink Floyd's The Wall and Deep Purple's Live in Japan. A must have album for every rock fan.
6304806434|4.0|Con air comes across as a little too far fetched towards the end (hence the four stars) but apart from that minor error it's an enjoyable film to watch, like many films the main plot is about a hi-jacking of a plane but what i like about this film is that there is a twist as there are prisoners on board this plane some dangerous rapists, exiles, petty theives and many others like the most pre-eminent (cirus the virus aka John Malkovich). Nicholas Cage plays Cameron Poe who kills a man (self defence) after been attacked himself (no justice) and gets carted off to this maximum security prison because of what he's done and ends up on the plane thats heading back (after a period of time) so he can re-unite with his wife, however the dangerous convicts and prisoners end up getting free and raise hell on this plane which is the catalyst for the whole film, it's definatley an adrenaline fueled film so i'd recommened people who like action films.
B00005JLWN|2.0|\\"Equilibrium\\" begins with an interesting premise: a world that has found peace by eliminating emotions, using behavioral drugs to keep them at bay. Order is reinforced by Clerics who dispense justice and fight the Father's enemies with martial arts and firearms. It's an interesting concept that would have made this movie somewhat like our present. However, while the production design is outstanding and the performances uniformly good, this movie is like a house of cards ready to collapse. And it does collapse, halfway through, when Christian Bale's character, Preston, tries to protect a puppy from slaughter. Is this the best the writers could come up with to describe Preston's realisation of the error of the order he defends? They should have started with Preston exploring why his partner and mentor, played by Sean Bean, went astray. They also could have gone further exploring the reasons for Preston's fascination with the woman, played by Emily Watson. Is it because he feels guilty for not saving his wife from an execution order for 'sense crime'? And what about Preston and his son? I noted that Preston was fearful of his son right from the beginning of the movie. How about some father/son relationship exploration?<br />Lots of story options that would have made this movie better. But, they went for a Matrix look-alike. What a waste.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|Absolutely incredible, amazing rich soundtrack that makes you feel you're overlooking the beautiful crystal waters of the Caribbean from a perch on the mast of the Black Pearl. Takes you back to the movie, and back to the days of pirates, scurvy, and of course- Jack Sparrow. Captain Jack Sparrow. Highly recommended, especially for fans of the movie who can't wait for the DVD to be released, this will tide you over (yar har, get it? ;) )
B00005JLSE|4.0|The last two reviews of this film were as subjective as reviews could possibly be but what they lack is the ability to step back and actually look at what they've reviewed. This film is about immoral people but that doesn't change it's punch and it's honesty as both a musical and morality play skewed toward the cynical way we Americans view fame. As musicals go this is not Singing in the Rain or South Pacific, but it does have heart, guts and good musical talent just as the latter musicals had even if not in the same context. I find myself rooting for the little murderesses and not because I want them to get away with their crimes but to admire their spunk, guile and tenacity. On top of that who's worse; the ladies using the media or the public who allows, and gullibly applauds this manipulation? This film makes no effort to forgive the gals of their crimes, nor does the story try to make them out to be misguided little girls who deserve a shot at redemption. The sleazy lawyer who works to get them off the hook is also no nobleman. He's a vile but witty cad who exploits every trick in the book (as well as creating a few new ones) to defend the ladies. Couple that with the nearly flawless portrayals of the characters and their near perfect dance routines and I have to highly recommend this genuine musical. Renee' Zellweger is a treat as the seemingly naive minx aspiring to stardom and stupid enough to put herself within reach of the state's gallows. Catherine Zeta Jones as the very jaded, chain smoking Velma is wonderfully nasty but also no slouch when it comes to getting her way (learning a little humility along the way). At the heart of these two characters are women who've come to believe that fame and wealth are the only goals worth attaining. Their lawyer feels exactly the sme way in his shameless pursuit of difficult but very high profile, and very profitable cases. Richard Gere is a strange selection for the portrayal of this fellow. However, his skills were considerably better than I'd hoped and I found him not only convincing but downright engrossing as he wore this cretin's skin.The dance numbers clearly owe a nod to the master Bob Fosse who first adapted this story for the stage years ago.Fosse's urban cynicism oozes from these songs and dance numbers. Jones and Zellwegger are very good in their numbers. They're sincere efforts but not flawless. Despite that I found those efforts to be better than routine. They truly put themselves into their roles and played their characters with gusto.Character flaws fully exposed and elaborated on I still admired the spirit of these scoundrels if not the scoundrels themselves, well, maybe I have to confess to being a little taken with the bold lot of them. Queen Latifa (sp?) was another treat fully in her character and sumptuous in her performance. She conveyed such ease with her character it was like watching a person in a long running series, fully confortable with her role after years of playing it.Now, is this a great film musical? No, but it certainly is enjoyable and a far cry from what's been passing for musicals in recent years. Catchy tunes, good dancing and an engaging story and an inherent wit makes this much more than watchable. On top of that it has a surprising cast in the lead players as well as support characters. John C. Reilly's character as the poor slob married to Zellwegger's treacherous gal is another treat. He's the guy nobody sees, almost literally. He takes this one poor sap and plays him as the only guy with a conscience (though manipulated as it is) in this miasma of schemers and scammers. He's sincere, hopeful, but ultimately doomed to be background clutter. He's used when he's needed, ignored when he's not, and this fact becomes painfully evident to him as the film progresses. His musical number is subtle but if you really watch and listen you'll see that he's really putting himself into the position fully realized in the song. His number gave me chills upon repeated viewings. He's a decent guy but also a loser in love with someone who most likely will never know love.Rent this. See if it shakes your tree.
B00009ATIX|1.0|If there's one film I thought would never be re-made by Hollywood then it's Solaris. You can't say their Philistines, can you? Here's the lowdown for curious fans of Tarkovsky's original. Soderbergh's naff version replaces Hari with a Sloan-ranger. Brit readers think Tara P-T in 'Celebrity get me out of here'. McElhone, poor lass, is hopeless. Being an American production there has to be a murder mystery included (Philistines!) I half expected Columbo to pop his head around the door only to be tapped on the shoulder by another Columbo saying \\"oh, and one more thing.\\" Or maybe two. Half way through, Basil exposition drops in shrouded in darkness to fill Americans in on plot details they may be missing. You know, give 'em a prod. There's a conjuring trick or two and finally, a fortune cookie ending. Mix in what suspiciously sounds like David Bowie's Subterraneans and Bob's your uncle. Well, only if he's dead. It's mystifying why Soderbergh should want to remake this. No takers for Citizen Kane or Battleship Potemkin, right? Those who think Tarkovsky's film is 'perfect' won't need it. Those in that group who are curiosity killed the catters but are worried that the new version may intrude upon their thoughts while watching the Tarkovsky should probably steer well clear of this atrocity. I didn't, but I'll live.<br />Special features: Well, you get a lot of thumping techno music and speeded up camera in the 'Behind The Scenes' specials that is risibly at odds with the subject matter. Cameron, never a man to retire from hyperbole, announces grandly that there has not been a film like this in twenty years, neatly leaving the original 'Solaris' outside the loop. Surprisingly, Tarkovsky's celebrated classic is not mentioned at all. Or perhaps we shouldn't be the least surprised.
0780631684|5.0|Even though everyone loves FINAL DESTINATION, it definately deserves more recognition from the critics.  It's such an original horror film, which is what I really like about it.  You can't compare it to any of the other horror films over the last 20 years because every single one of them are the same thing: \\"knife-wielding psycho killer on the loose\\" type-thing (though the HALLOWEEN and SCREAM movies were quite good) whereas FINAL DESTINATION doesn't technically have a \\"killer\\" because the killer is Death itself, as in the actual figure of Death. Not the devil, not a visible killer, but actually Death. It's hard to explain.  But it's so original and very exciting!  It's just so...good!  I know I never could have come up with an idea like that and I don't think I know anybody who could have either.  So, you could just watch throat-slashin' Michael Myers over and over again (even though he is cool) or you could get a nice, original hunk of horror.  It's your choice, but I know what I'd pick.
B00008973Q|3.0|Kurosawa's RAN is one of the all time classics of world cinema, a unique and masterfully crafted epic full of extraordinary visuals.  The film may be overly melodramatic and theatrical for some (specifically those who rarely venture outside the latest Hollywood blockbusters), and its dark pessimism about human nature may turn others off.  However, those that are open to the film's style will find it richly rewarding.<br />Unfortunately, RAN has now been twice let down on DVD in the US.  The original release featured a horribly washed out print with poor compression, thoroughly destroying the impact of the amazing costumes and cinematography.  The new &quot;Masterworks&quot; edition boasts of being digitally restored in hi-definition, and it certainly looks richer &amp; better - however, the DVD encoding is dreadful, featuring absurd application of edge enhancement and a very unstable encoding (there are noticable leaps in sharpness every reference frame in the mpeg stream).  Very poor quality control, and rather ruins the point of doing all that digital restoration.<br />The disc is not so bad as to be unwatchable, but it is certainly disappointing and diminished my viewing pleasure considerably.  Those with a smaller tv would probably notice the flaws less, but I think there's a good argument to be made that Wellspring should recall and remaster the disc - or at least half the price they're asking for it.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|When I first saw the movie, just two days ago, I was strongly taken by the romanticism of the entire story, which is so strongly enhanced by the soundtrack. The music is simply cut out for the movie, it is beautiful.<BR>I have no idea what the movie would have been like with another soundtrack, no doubt other composers could have done a good job, but the mixture of sheer physical power, and the carefully orchestrated dynamic of this soundtrack added that little extra bit you needed to get the story going. Coupled with the superb acting of Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom, this soundtrack made the movie a brilliant success for me.<br />'Drink up, me hearties.Yo-ho' -- Jack Sparrow, 'Pirates of the Caribbean'<br />You'd love it.<BR>~Vix~
0780627024|2.0|David and Jennifer Wagner (Tobey Maguire & Reese Witherspoon) are your typical teens from the 90's. But nothing prepares them for what would happen when a mysterious TV repairman (Don Knotts) gives them an strange TV remote controller. Suddenly, the two teens are transported into the 50's TV sitcom series, \\"Pleasantville\\". David and Jennifer are now Bud and Mary Sue Parker. Their parents are George Parker, (William H. Macy) who always knows best, and Betty Parker, (Joan Allen), the perfect suburban wife who stays at home working in the kitchen. There's the corner malt shop owned by Bill Johnson (Jeff Daniels), only two main streets to the whole town, the high school basketball team who NEVER misses a shot, and most important of all, everything is in black and white! It's not long before the two teens expose the 50's culture to some 90's liberalism, free-thinking ideas, and (gasp, should I say it?) sex. But ultimately, the biggest change taking place is the mysterious appearances of colors...<br />Now that I've written the synopsis, \\"Pleasantville\\", I've come to the most difficult part of writing a review, putting your thoughts and opinions of the movie down. And I must say, \\"Pleasantville\\" is an especially difficult movie to write a review on.<br />First off, let's put down the good points of the film. The acting was very well done, the older actors standing out the most. William H. Macy had one scene towards the end where he was just terrific! Jeff Daniels was also superb, in the beginning where he's just so confused because David/Bud is doing things out of synch was just so funny! And Joan Allen develops her character nicely.<br />As everyone has most probably mentioned, the special effects are simply fantastic and breathtaking! I especially loved the scene where David/Bud and his girlfriend are driving in the black and white world with beautiful pink cherry blossoms in the trees and pink petals floating all around. And during the whole, seeing the colors progressively appear everywhere ends at the end in beautiful and vibrant color!<br />Ok, now on the bad points of the film. The whole idea behind \\"Pleasantville\\" I thought was pretty original and a great idea to make into a movie. Unfortunately, the director Gary Ross seemed to be mixed up himself on some points. The first half of the film was oriented well, the humor was incorporated well and you had a faint clue of what will happen. <br />Then everything suddenly seems to get confused. The real question presented throughout the film is 'which is really the better life, the 50's culture or the 90's culture'? Well, by the end of the film, I assure you that this question is never really answered. What happens instead is that we are hinted that the 90's liberalism is more 'fulfilling'. But more fulfilling than the actual 50's or only the black and white sitcoms from the 50's? Either way, it doesn't really make sense.<br />And there's one point I didn't like about the film. The sexual content in the film was most disturbing for me. In the director's commentary, he says that 'from an animal and human existence, recognition of sex and sexual urges are so basic that without them, you cannot fully explore other aspects of your existence.' Well, excuse me? So it's ok to have premarital sex and to commit adultery? How is that really supposed to help anybody? And there's an especially weird and gross scene where I just used the fast forward button. The end is also strange. Instead of Betty Parker deciding whether she'll stick with her husband or get together with her new boyfriend, she says something like 'let's just take it one day at a time'. Major question mark! <br />I guess the movie was in a way thought provoking, but in a dark sense. In one sense I'm all for being a bit more free-thinking and not too tied down but rules. But there is a line you shouldn't cross, for instance casual sex. I think if the movie had tried to teach that there should be a balance to everything, it would have turned out right. Instead, the movie feels uneven and confusing.<br />To sum it up, even the most basics of any good morals are absent from a film which could have tried to praise and encourage good morals. The movie is very correctly rated PG-13 for sexual innuendo, paintings of nudity, and some language. I stress strongly that this film is not for younger children, not only because of the ratings, but because I think they just won't understand anything. All in all, a bit of a disappointing movie experience.
B00005YW4H|5.0|If you are into soft, cozy, jazzy music brought to you by a woman with a terrific voice, listen to this CD. I rate it the best of the year.
B000000OSE|5.0|Next to 'Appetite for Destruction', this is my favourite Guns 'n' Roses CD. While part two has its fair share of gems and, to be honest, more commercially viable material, UYI part one contains some of the bands most ambitious work, mixed with old fashioned straight rock numbers, all of which are of supreme quality. There is a wide range of songs here, some of which see the band push the boundaries of the derivative hard rock they had peddled so effectively on their 'AFD' masterpiece. My major gripe with the record, indeed with the entire UYI project, is the gratuitous and frankly unnecessary amount of filler on each CD. Songs like 'Bad Apples' and 'Back off Bitch', while being far ahead of anything the huge mass of Guns N' Roses clones produced around this time, just arent up to the quality of many of the stronger cuts on offer here. Some ruthless editing could have made this a classic, as it is the record merits a high rating on the strength of some of the material here, but not all the songs entirely satisfy. That said, the good material here is among the best this troubled, volatile and unpredictable band ever spewed forth. 'Coma' is absolutely essential: their longest song is a masterpiece, with multiple sections, an astonishing solo, and interesting lyrics. Even Axl's massive ego seems to contribute to making this a great song. Elsewhere,'Right Next door to Hell', Perfect Crime' and 'Garden of Eden' see the band take a thrashier, rawer direction with a real punk edge, with Axl rattling of vocals at impossible speed. These songs are different and intriguing. Straight up rock is catered for with 'Dust n' Bones' and 'Dead Horse' while the big ballad, 'November rain' is very strong. Check out the final solo from Slash, which is emotive and certainly one of his best. Axl meanwhile shows that his mellower side perhaps catalyses stronger songwriting.<br />Overall this is a diverse and compelling record, which suffers from a smattering offiller but easily survives on its own merits. Four and a half stars woule be appropriate, but 'Coma' is worth the entrance price alone.<br />Flawed genius, but genius nevertheless.s own merits. Four and a half stars woule be appropriate, but 'Coma' is worth the entrance price alone.<BR>Flawed genius, but genius nevertheless.
B00000JBEI|5.0|Sorry to hear the u.s.-version isn't the same like the good old canadian one... saw this cd a couple of years ago in london, ontario, and began to cry when listening to it in the music store - it's definitely one of the most amazing springsteen live jewels I ever found. Especially the incredible version of Chimes of freedom makes your heart beat in a different frequency (borderline to ventricular fibrillation, sorry, I'm a M.D.:-); and who ever saw the Tunnel of love Tour and listened to the  acoustic version of Born to run, who ever experienced this man standing alone with his guitar and his harmonica, looking back, remembering earlier times - like in a sentimental mood -, will never forget it - so I was pretty overwhelmed that this song found his way to a cd. It really does it's job in this arrangement...
0380778556|4.0|This novel tells the story of a  naive young woman (whose name is never mentioned) traveling in Monte Carlo as the companion to an older woman.  In the dining room of the hotel, she meets the brooding Maxim de Winter, who is taking some time off after the apparent suicide of his wife.  He takes a fancy to her and after a whirlwind romance, they wed.<br />After a long honeymoon, they return to Maxim's family estate, Manderley.  Almost immediately, the second Mrs. de Winters begins to feel her inadequacy.  She thinks the staff look down on her as a common girl, which is further re-inforced by the contemptuous looks from the first Mrs. de Winters' personal maid, Mrs. Danvers.  And, then there is the presence of Rebecca -- the first Mrs. de Winters.  She seems to be everywhere, and the new Mrs. de Winters constantly feels that she needs to live up to her popularity with the staff and the people of the town.<br />Through a series of disastrous events, the second Mrs. de Winters learns the truth about Rebecca's death and in the process grows into a stronger person.<br />This wonderful novel is full of twists and turns that leave the reader wanting more.  Du Marier's characters are all well-drawn, especially the sinister Mrs. Danvers.  The story gets a bit melodramatic at times, but that can easily be overlooked because of the age of the story.<br />Still a page-turner well worth reading.
B000002X1O|5.0|This album is a must have for any Jefferson Airplane/Starship fan.  This is Grace Slick and Paul Kantner at their very best - political, poetic, and just plain weird.<br />Of course, it takes shots at the expected government and church alike, as the first track The Ballad of the Chrome Nun 'Anytime I laugh I got religion' In the early eighties a reverend actually protested a Jefferson Starship concert because of the band's lyric implications.<br />The second track &quot;Fat&quot; is a classic Grace Slick, with then unknown The Pointer Sisters on background vocals.<br />Other great songs on this album are Harp Tree Lament, fishman, and Sketches of China.<br />You gotta ride this music!
B000000WG4|4.0|I first heard Tubular Bells as a child when my parents took me along with them to see &quot;The Exorcist&quot;. My mom was a horror fan so luckily I got to see all the horror films of that era. When I hit my teens I heard a remake of the song &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; by a group called &quot;Book Of Love&quot;. This group did it in a much harder style, like punk rock. It rocked!<br />The next time I heard &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; was on a Pure Moods CD. I then purchased the DVD of &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and was thrilled to hear the song in the movie since I wasn't familiar with how it was used in the film. I have to agree with other reviewers, it is a masterpiece. Completely original even to this day. Tubular Bells is a great song to put in your car stereo while you are driving on a cloudy, dreary, rainy day.<br />The album is a worthwhile purchase if you dig ambience music. Also try to check out a remake of this song by &quot;The Book of Love&quot; although it may be difficult to find.
B000084T18|4.0|The first track on this album, is not even a track, just a filler for space, so someone could say \\"this cd has 19 songs on it\\", but after that the album is great....Track 2, great song...the beat and 50's lyrics and flow fit right into the ryhthm...Track 3, my favorite track on the entire CD.  50's lyrics and the entire rap by Eminem is hot...I am definately not a fan of Eminem, but he blew me away with his lyrics and flow in this song...Track 4, \\"Many Men\\" tells a story that has been told a thousands of times on thousands albums, but says it in such a way its like brand new...Track 5, \\"In Da Club\\" totally has a Dr. Dre flow to it, but that only makes it better, i mean somone could picture Tupac on this beat...and 50 brings some tight lyrics and every one loves it so why wouldnt i...Track 6, this song has a tight beat and nice ryhthm... and its not my fav, cuz of the drug theme, but its still good...Track 7, another one of my favorite songs on the album....\\"I Aint Playin\\"...the beat and lyrics come hard and makes you realize stuff about the hood and make people realize if they all ready didnt that 50 is hard and it makes you bump it and only turn it up...Track 8, this song has a feel good(as much as ganster rap can have a good feel to it)feeling to it....Track 9, This song is heat.  You will bump this and sing with it all the time, the entire \\"everything\\" in this song is pure heat...Track 10, this song is ok when it comes to a \\"diss\\" track, I've heard better from Nas and Jay-Z, but still for a track on an album its pretty good, the end is so funny, i was laughing so hard.....Track 11, \\"P.I.M.P\\" it just a classic song that people will be playing years from now, just like \\"Big Pimpin\\" and \\"Country Grammar\\"....Track 12, tight song...beat and FLOW...all flow in this song for me..the way 50 raps is great in this song....Track 13, this song is ok, i mean a beat that sounds too basement studio...dont care much for it, but it is better than some stupid Ja Rule and Benzino songs.....Track 14, 50 does what he critisizes Ja for, love songs, but who cares cause the beat is sick and the lyrics are good, the rest of the album makes you not realize how soft this song is....Track 15, this song could be better, but the lyrics are great enough to make you forget about it, still a good song, but if you listen to songs for lyrical content then this song is for you....Track 16, this beat is too much of what it has, needs to be less club friendly then it is, so it can be a real struggle song, which is what its suppose to be.....Track 17, \\"Wanksta\\", this song had me hooked on 50, trust me, anyone who likes hip-hop will appreciate this song...straight skills on the beat and lyrics....Track 18, song is ok, i dont really like it that much, but its ok....Track 19, song is just a filler again...but overall this album is a must have for any rap fan or just anyone who loves great hip hop albums....50 is here to stay
B00005U18E|5.0|When Helen Fielding published BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY, the heroine BRIDGET became a symbol of the slightly overweight, chainsmoking, spinster-to-be that rang such a resonant bell both here in the United States and in England. Renee Zellweger had no trouble mastering a British accent as she stumbles and fumbles her plodding way in scene after scene, yet with each mini-disaster she emerges as the kind of woman that one rarely sees on either the big screen or small: one who is a walking mass of tics and insecurities.  Director Sharon McGuire borrowed liberally from PRIDE AND PREJUDICE by Jane Austen to update the tale of a young woman seeking lasting love, but having to stumble along the way.  Colin Firth, who played Darcy Fitzwilliam in the BBC production of Austen's classic, here reprises--sort of--his role as the emotionlessly haughty Mark Darcy who sees Bridget at first only as she surely sees herself, a lump of undesirable femininity that wears bad clothes.  He sees her, he rejects her with the same cutting remarks that as Darcy Fitzwilliam he used against Elizabeth Bennett.  Bridget turns to her trio of friends who in their unswerving and funny support very nearly steal the show.  Bridget chainsmokes in between binge eating, all the while threatening to blimp out as the rapidly aging spinster that all mothers warn their daughters about should these daughters forget that extra weight guarantees no husband.  But Bridget has gumption.  She jumps on a stationary bicycle, and despite the many references to her supposed pudginess, still manages to look quite attractive in the many scenes where you can see her legs and butt. Along the way, she begins an affair with her boss, Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant), who starts off as the perfect date: handsome, suave, debonnaire, and single. Hugh Grant is the Cary Grant of our age. In most of his films, he is the male second banana to top rank actresses like Julia Roberts or Sandra Bullock.  With these actresses, he need do no more than set up the inevitable romantic machinery that allows him to meet, romance, break up, and then reconcile with them.  He is quite good at that, but it is only in his rare role as the slightly raffish player that a newer and darker side emerges.  Grant as Daniel is not evil nor is he particularly vindictive.  He is a handsome man who has learned to trade in on his looks for so long that he has never had to look elsewhere for self-confidence.  Still, as a counterfoil to Bridget, he is roguishly charming as a man who once betrayed a friend and has had to regret it ever since.  Colin Firth as Mark Darcy comes across as the stuffy bear that he is, but it takes Bridget the longest time to recognize that he is the way that he is because of the ways that both she and Daniel are.  When Mark tells her that he likes her just the way she is, Bridget's metamorphosis from fake external Playboy bunny glamour to the more substantial beauty that results when one has one's emotional feet firmly planted becomes clear enough to both her trio of friends and to the audience who is not sure whether the stuffiness of Mark or the suavity of Daniel would be the better choice. The choice that Bridget does make is one that reaffirms the validity of common sense romantic entanglements.  BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY is a treat on so many levels that when she does make her choice, we can only applaud what to us would have been that same choice.
B000002OX7|5.0|In 1971, rock and roll needed something big. The Beatles were pretty much finished, Woodstock had long since passed, and disco was on the verge of taking over. Yes, rock and roll needed a big pick-me up. Its saviour was none other than a musical genius named Pete Townshend, guitar wizard and composer from The Who, who had become exceedingly popular thanks to their release of Tommy, an album many said couldn't be topped.<br />So at this crossroads in rock history, Pete Townshend decided that it was time to start working on his brainchild, Lifehouse, which spawned from a song called \\"Pure and Easy.\\" For months, Townshend struggled with the Lifehouse project. It was supposed to be a gigantic one that included a high-budget feature film, theater performance, double album, and a statement that according to Pete, \\"Whatever happens in the future, rock will save the world.\\" <br />In a day packed to the brim with [people] like Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake, many of us can relate to this statement. If Lifehouse was ever completed, I believe it would have changed everything in the world. Instead, Townshend was unable to finish it and was forced to abandon Lifehouse. However, he didn't abandon the brilliant pieces that he wrote for Lifehouse, and The Who were able to release them on this album.<br />Who's Next, in my opinion, is a rock and roll masterpiece. It features an incredible combination of both simple and complex guitar progressions that leave you mystified, emotional singing and harmonizing, pure and powerful drumming from the great Keith Moon, and catchy walking bass lines from John Entwistle (who also composed the phenomenal \\"My Wife\\", the only song of the original 9-song LP that was not part of the Lifehouse project). Another long-forgotten footnote (but certainly very important) is that Who's Next was the first ever album to use pre-programmed synthesizers. The end result is a truly unique and unbelievable listening experience that leaves you either crying,singing along, tripping on something, starting to write your own masterpiece, or talking late 60s / early 70s politics. Pete Townshend was never able to complete the entire Lifehouse project, but amazingly was still able to prove not only that The Who were capable of music much more the innovative than the ever-popular Tommy, but also that the great era of rock and roll was not yet finished.<br />Looking at the big picture, Who's Next wasn't anything for Townshend to regret or be ashamed of. Not only is the The Who's defining work, it also widely considered to be among the best albums ever made. Although everyone has a different selection, I would rank it with my other favorite records such as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, The Doors' Self-Titled debut, Nirvana's Nevermind, Frank Zappa's We're Only In It For The Money, Pearl Jam's Ten, and The Smashing Pumkins' Siamese Dream.<BR>Who's Next is a flawless and unforgettable masterpiece which only makes us wonder how gigantic the completed Lifehouse project would have been.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I loved this soundtrack. It was so vibrant and full of life.  When I hear the music playing, I can imagine myself back on the Interceptor preparing to battle the Black Pearl.  It is magnificient.  It belongs in the ranks of the Harry Potter, Star Wars, and the Lord of the Rings soundtracks.  Buy it!  You will love it!
0385504209|2.0|For a thriller billed as intelligent, I was disappointed in how easy many of the clues were to figure out.  As supposed experts in their fields, the characters should have solved several of the puzzles much more easily.  When the reader figures out the clues before the characters, it makes the story development slow and frustrating.<br />The writing style was pedantic and plodding.  There are other books on this topic written with more flair.  Give this one a miss.<br />If you'd like a similarly detailed historical over-the-top mystery, check out The Eight by Katherine Neville.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|When I first saw the film I leaned over to my friend and said \\"I have GOT to have this music!\\"  In fact, I went out immediately after the film and went to four stores searching for it before I realized it wasn't released yet.  I saw the film a second time, and needed the score even more!  You can BET I went out on the release day and bought the soundtrack THAT DAY (today in fact).<br />The music:  I laugh everytime track two plays that proud \\"hero music\\".. I can literally see Jack Sparrow with his head held high, standing in a sinking ship.  I feel like charging at something and shouting ARRRrrrr whenever I hear that \\"fight theme\\" in tracks 4 and 15 (among others).  And, I cringe when the pirates come ashore in track 3 because that song, ladies and gentlemen, uses the most unique sounds I have ever heard!  Listen closely and you are sure you are hearing \\"foul voices on the air\\" as they would say in Lord of the Rings.  And speaking of which, there are some very close cousins of Ringwraith screeches throughout the song.  Spine tingling for sure.<br />My favorite song is the closing credits as I love Jack Sparrow's moment where he sings a few words of Yo-Ho and then shuts the compass, drastically changing the music and leaving the audience feeling energized for the rest of the day!  (Of course the soundtrack doesn't include dialogue or singing, but I can certainly follow the action through this amazing score!)  And the Celtic opening of the movie is a nice surprise as well!<br />In short, I love the \\"hero theme\\" of Jack Sparrow, the \\"evil pirate theme\\" the \\"fight theme\\" and hey, the love theme's good too.  Buy this soundtrack if you love the energy of the movie.  This music will pump you up and make you feel like you could conquer the world, as well as break a pirate out of prison, steal a ship and become completely obsessed with treasure.  ;-)
B00000295A|4.0|Jay Kay never lets you down.  Yet more funky tunes. It's one more to add to anyone's collection.  I still put Travelling Without Moving top of my list here though.
B000066NW0|1.0|Avril is punk like my grandmomma is punk.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Fox has had its share of failed shows in the past years. This is to say nothing of their chronic ability to underadvertise and pre-empt their best programming in lieu of sporting events and mindless programming. <br />How Joss Whedon's Firefly managed to get a prime-time Friday night slot on Fox is beyond me. It was smartly written, well directed, extremely well cast and for its short-run had enough sub plots to keep you watching week after week. Firefly is, hands down, one of the best shows that Fox has ever aired. Why they relentlessly under-promoted this well-viewed show may never be known. <br />It is my sincere hope that now that Buffy is gone, Whedon manages to find another network that will pick up Firefly. It is too good to die.
6305127638|5.0|I'm surprised by all the criticisms of this movie, but not by its praises.  I wouldn't change a thing about it.  Everything just felt right, and unforced.  Unlike in \\"Enterprise,\\" the story fits well with established Star Trek knowledge and expands on it nicely.      Despite being hyped as a Big Action Movie[TM] there are several thoughtful undercurrents being played here, like how much Picard is still suffering from his assimilation by the Borg and how out of the most desperate and dismal situations (WW3) something good and pure (an era of peace) can arise.  This is a can't-miss for fans and non-fans alike.
B0000640SA|5.0|What really bugs me about the few negative review (obviously written by preadolescents or thos of similar mentality) is that they dont even understand the central fact of this movie. All Ill say is that they need to understabd that Shelby and Jankis are the same person. No one murdered his wife in the bathroom (its clearly in the movie where she is still breathing). What struck me about the movie was Shelbys helplessness, he could be used by basically anyone who knew his condition. Then again he needed to be, and let himself be \\"used\\" to protect himself from his feelings of guilt. Teddy was killed because he became a threat to Shelbys guilt protection.
6305127638|5.0|I'm surprised by all the criticisms of this movie, but not by its praises.  I wouldn't change a thing about it.  Everything just felt right, and unforced.  Unlike in \\"Enterprise,\\" the story fits well with established Star Trek knowledge and expands on it nicely.      Despite being hyped as a Big Action Movie[TM] there are several thoughtful undercurrents being played here, like how much Picard is still suffering from his assimilation by the Borg and how out of the most desperate and dismal situations (WW3) something good and pure (an era of peace) can arise.  This is a can't-miss for fans and non-fans alike.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|He's got a great, unique sound to his music.  Kind of like Edwin McCain meets Stevie Wonder.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Not since M*A*S*H have I seen a show so perfectly blend drama and humor. The quality of this show is at a level normally only seen in movies, and the fact that the writers, directors, producers and actors were capable of producing this week after week says much about their abilities. Sadly, FOX destroyed any chance of the show's success with misleading advertising, bad scheduling and by rejecting a wonderful two-hour pilot episode, forcing the creators, Joss Whedon & Tim Minear, to come up with a mediocre one-hour pilot that was rushed, introduced the characters very poorly and clumsily, and proved to be by far the worst episode of the series. (still better than most television though) Thankfully, Whedon loves this project, and it looks like Firefly may well be making the jump to movies faster than any show in the history of television.<br />Simply put, Firefly is the best television show I have ever seen.
B0000542D2|5.0|ABOUT THE FILM ITSELF:<br />One of the biggest reasons film as a medium holds the effect over us the way it does is because it appeals to our emotions in ways some of the other arts cannot. This is because film incorporates sound, theatre, painting, dance and writing. That dry polemic aside,<br /> <BR>A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a fine example of what film can do. By incorporating sound, theatre, painting, dance, music and writing, this film presents one of the purest expressions of joy in cinema history. <br />What made the Beatles successful performers and artists and immortal cultural icons, was their collective personification all of their audiences' hopes and dreams. <br />All wished to be as expressive, free, uninhibited and has happy as they appeared to be. Of course much of this is pure cinematic fabrication, but one cannot fake the explosion of life we see on the screen and hear on their records. No one in history could possibly be talented enough to present such an image without at least a shred of honesty.<br />Those four young men celebrated life and generously shared so much of it with us through their art. A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is a great testament as to what made them so great. <br />Richard Lester, the director, got out of the way and let them be the Beatles. The hand held camera work and editing in this film arguably created the '60's visual Cultural Revolution. It is a perfect marriage of music to image. Without this film there never would have been an EASY RIDER or even an MTV (on second thought, maybe that wouldn't be such a bad thing). <br />Of course John, Paul, George, and Ringo couldn't completely match their images in their private lives (who could?) and of course they matured and evolved as we all have. But this film inspired many to live, to love and to create. It is such a force of positive life affirming love that it has to be savored and enjoyed. I don't apologize for dripping over it the way I do. It is a great film, on the level with CITIZEN KANE, SINGIN' IN THE RAIN, THE SEVEN SAMURAI and others. <br />A HARD DAY'S NIGHT remains fresh after many repeated viewings.<br />ABOUT THE DVD:<br />The picture is a clear transfer that glows with detail and life. For a black and white film, it vibrates with color. While I am not a technical expert, I am most satisfied with the quality of the sound and picture. It certainly marks a great improvement over the original video tape version although I do miss the formers montage to \\"I'll Cry Instead\\".<br />The special features are admittedly lame considering none of the Beatles themselves appear. What we get is a great deal of information that gives new meaning to the word \\"trivial\\".  I do admit to truly enjoying the anecdotes from screenwriter Alun Owen and director Richard Lester.<br />A certain must own.
B00005OWEG|5.0|\\"Apocalypse Now Redux\\" is an extended version of the 1979 classic \\"Apocalypse Now\\"; in this version, the director Francis Ford Coppola added 49 minutes of footage that was deleted in the original release. There are two major new segments and new little bits that help to understand better the surreal story of the film. The little bits of scenes are great and sure make the movie more pleasant. However, the scenes with the playboy bunnies doesn't help too much in the narrative and the pace of the film, perhaps they should have been trimmed a little bit for better results. But the segment of the french plantation is just horrible, pointless and boring, the director should have kept these scenes on the editing room once again.<br />However, \\"Apocalypse Now Redux\\" is a good addition to any movie collection, the picture and the sound quality are very good, and the movie by itself it's a fascinating classic, the great parts outnumber the flawed scenes; perhaps the longer segments doesn't help too much, but at least contribute to understand better the story. There are very few extras on this DVD, but as I say before, the movie by itself is worth the money. If you liked the original \\"Apocalypse Now\\", give a chance to this new version, if you haven't seen this movie yet, start with the original, and if you like it, go get \\"Apocalypse Now Redux\\". Absolutely recommendable to every one who loves the classic movies.
0385504209|1.0|If there is a theme in The Da Vinci Code, it is that history is written by the winners.  The book explores this theme in its great search for a secret that will change the world, a secret that has been covered up by the most powerful people of the last 2000 years.<br />What wonderful irony then that the book is a blatant piece of propaganda for the most powerful intellectuals of our time, the gender feminists in American Academia.<br />Based mainly on the wacky, ridiculous theories presented by the authors of \\"Holy Blood, Holy Grail\\", Dan Brown has constructed a suspense thriller that conveniently passes off blatant fiction as truth.  He makes some devastatingly inaccurate assertions about some of the most thoroughly researched figures in Western History and wraps it all up in a nice plot in which the heroes are out to rescue the truth and anyone who doesn't already know the truth or believe it when they hear it are buffoons.<br />Oddly, the \\"truth\\" presented in this book would quickly be blown off as ridiculous if it didn't support the gender feminist views that currently dominate Western thinking.<br />Put plainly, The Da Vinci Code is pure fiction that will be read as truth by hundreds of thousands because it presents them with what they want to hear.  It is history being re-written by the winners.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|\\"Memento\\" is an addictive thriller from the beginning to the end. Perhaps it's the best movie of the last 5 years; the best quality of the film is that every time you watch it, you'll discover something new. Definitely a movie that should belong in every movie fan collection.<br />\\"Memento\\" tells the story of Leonard (Guy Pearce), a man who has lost the most important thing in his life: his wife; she was raped and murder by a man that Leonard refers to as \\"John G\\"; also, Leonard was beaten severely by the same man who killed his wife. The most significant manifestation of Leonard's injuries is that his short-term memory has been destroyed; and now he is hunting John G to get revenge. Because Leonard can't create new memories, he now must store his clues on little notes, on Polaroid photographs, or on his body with home made tattoos. Also, Leonard meets two persons: Teddy (Joe Pantoliano) and Natalie (Carrie-Anne Moss), they seem to help Leonard, but he doesn't trust them completely.<br />The narrative is told in reverse, \\"Memento\\" begins with the end of the story, but don't take nothing for granted, there will be a lot of plot twists throughout the movie. The editing is just incredible and the movie becomes an addictive gem that will surely caught you. \\"Memento\\" will become a classic thriller / mystery film. Recommendable.
B000069HK2|5.0|This so far has got to be my favorite CD I own.<br />Maybe Memories - 98%<BR>The Taste of Ink - 101%<BR>Bulimic - 94%<BR>Say Days Ago - 97%<BR>Poetic Tragedy - 100%<BR>Buried Myself Alive - 100%<BR>A Box Full of Sharp Objects - 99%<BR>Blue and Yellow - 100%<BR>Greener with the Scenery 96%<BR>Noise and Kisses - 98%<BR>On My Own - 99%<BR>Pieces Mended - 95%<BR>Choke Me - 97%
B000092ZYX|4.0|Radiohead was recommended to me by a friend early 2003. Before Hail To The Thief had been released. I went out and bought OK Computer and was amazed. The next night I went and bought The Bends. Again, amazing. Next I got Kid A. After I heard Kid A Radiohead became my favorite band. Considering how talented and diverse this band is is phenomenal. Then came Hail To The Thief. The single \\"There There\\" was the first song I heard and still stands as one of the best on the album. I listened all the through the CD right when I got home from getting it and again, a great Radiohead CD. No song on the CD sounds the same or even really similar. Different instuments are used throughout the CD and it really keeps it fresh and different. \\"There There\\", \\"2+2=5\\", and \\"Go To Sleep\\" are three of my favorites. The reason this CD doesnt get 5 stars is because of the two songs \\"I Will\\" and \\"We Suck Young Blood\\", they stink. If you're a Radiohead fan you either have this CD already or need to buy it right away. If you're new to Radiohead this is a great way to start. But you still need to do yourself a favor and buy all their other CDs too.
B000069HK2|5.0|This so far has got to be my favorite CD I own.<br />Maybe Memories - 98%<BR>The Taste of Ink - 101%<BR>Bulimic - 94%<BR>Say Days Ago - 97%<BR>Poetic Tragedy - 100%<BR>Buried Myself Alive - 100%<BR>A Box Full of Sharp Objects - 99%<BR>Blue and Yellow - 100%<BR>Greener with the Scenery 96%<BR>Noise and Kisses - 98%<BR>On My Own - 99%<BR>Pieces Mended - 95%<BR>Choke Me - 97%
B00004XONN|5.0|I own all of Radiohead's albums and in my oppinion this is the best. Its the best music Radiohead has made so far. No, it isn't &quot;rock&quot; like The Bends and yes, it has alot of electronic sounds and beats in it. But if you really listen to this album you will LOVE it. Its amazing. Just listen to &quot;Idioteque&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot;. Those two songs are the best of the album. Another thing I love about this CD is that it could be labeled as an &quot;experience&quot;. Each song flows into the next and the end of some songs are the beginning to the next. Lay down, close your eyes, and listen through this gem. You won't regret it or forget it. Phenomenal album.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|Young Klaus Badelt now has several well received film scores under his belt, but his music for &quot;Pirates of the Caribbean:  The Curse of the Black Pearl&quot; will undoubtedly make him well known.  This score is a cut below several classics, Alfred Newman-&quot;The Black Swan,&quot; and Erich Wolfgang Korngold-&quot;Captain Blood&quot; and &quot;The Sea Hawk,&quot; but still works quite well in the film and on the soundtrack album.  It is something of a contemporary reinterpretaion of the swashbuckler genre with an homage or two to earlier works.  There are passages that do bring Korngold to mind.  It must be noted that Badelt was brought to the project rather late (Alan Silvestri was originally advertised as the composer)and it is clear that Hans Zimmer was on board to give a hand.  Still, Badelt creates a very workable musical backdrop for the film and a score that is a good deal of fun as a soundtrack album which is nicely packaged and well produced by Disney.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|all the songs on the soundtrack make me feel like im watching the movie again. it may be the best soundtrack i have ever heard. my favorite tracks are 2, 3, 4, 7, 9, 11, and 15 is the best. everyone who saw the movie should own this cd and also any sountrack fans.
B00005JLXE|4.0|Daredevil is an interesting movie.  It starts off very seriouse, than it bounces over to campy, and then it bounces ba ck to seriouse.<br />The movie is about Matt Murdock (Ben Affleck), blind Lawyer by day and Crime FIghter by night.  HE is trying to clean up the city but unlike numerouse comic book heroes he seems to have no qualms in killing his target, not that he always does, but if they die, they die.  His main goal is to find the man who murdered his father and put him to justice.  When he gets involved wiht a lovly woman named Elecktra (Jennifer Garner) he gets involved in a war with the Kingpin (Michael Clark Duncan) who he has been after for a while, and his hired hand Bullseye (Colin Farrel).<br />OVerall the movie is decent.  There are great action sequences and the Radar that Daredevil uses is pretty cool.  Colin Farrel proves why he is one of the future stars of Hollywood and Ben does a very convincing job as the Blind Lawyer.  Overall this is definetly worth watching, just show caution before letting young kids see it.
B000084T18|1.0|50 cent is a prime example of the stereetypical image mtv employs in rappers. 50 cent may have been shot nine times, done drugs and generally had a harsh life, but he has little in the way of talent.<br />Most of the beats are okish, as produced by dre/eminem, but even after several listens i still cudnt tell the difference between certain songs because they all seemed the same, why? because 50 cent just mumbles aimlessly over them. <br />His whole gangstar image may be real(i couldnt care even if it wasnt real) but this whole image has been washed out so many times-it may be his life-but its damm boring to listen to!<br />i recommend this albulm to anyone whose bout 12 and sounds excited about the sound of a rapper whose cool because hes held a gun before, for the rest of us who dont worship mtv, i suggest you pick up a copy of sumthing like... jedi mind tricks - violent by design or atmosphere - god loves ugly or gangstarr - skillz
B0000027G6|2.0|The main reason I purchased this CD was in the hope that in contained a superb piece, incorporating at least two the pieces, from the CD, into one that John barry created to promote the video of this film. I can be seen in the trailers of the video Wild at Heart ( Aust Release ), it is both stirring piece of Music and a video of the film cut to together with behind the scenes of the same scene. It is not on this CD and I don't believe it has been released more's the pity. It is a wonderful piece so I all I could do is create my own copy from the promotional version. This should've been on the CD and only listened to the CD twice and have not again.
6305232660|2.0|Why can't people make entertaining asteroid movies for once? This movie is very boring, and the only good part is a 2 minute disaster at the end. Armageddon was a stupid romance movie, Deep Impact was a boring drama and Asteroid was a boring romance movie! Spend more time on the disaster seens!
B000002H6C|4.0|After the loss of bassist Cliff Burton, Metallica fought through a copious amount of audition material to find Jason Newsted. The thing is, I wonder why they even bothered to find a new bassist. Throughout the entire album, the bass has been meticulously and entirely eradicated from every single track. Hetfield has even said himself that the reasoning for this was to show the 'Newkid' that he was no Cliff Burton, put him in his place, so to speak - which leads me to the question, why bother hiring him to play bass for an album where he is virtually inaudible? With that being said, I still enjoy the album, which the bulk of tracks was written by Burton. Best bits? The unforgettable, 'One', 'Harvester of Sorrow' and the beautifully composed (by Burton) 'To Live is to Die'.
B000092ZYX|4.0|If you were an English band who came to full power in the Mid Nineties with a genuine classic like &quot;Ok Computer&quot;, then imagine how you would feel trying to follow that up.<BR>How Radiohead handled that is by what I would call, total stylistic shifting.  They dropped much of the 3 guitar interplay that was so unique with them and replaced it with some seriously different electronica sounds.  However, the inner sound of the band was not masked but highlighted.  I myself was a bit lost with this shift (KID A)at first, but found myself stretching out to finally enjoy a change of pace.  <BR>The new album HTTT, is a bit of a compromise from the keyboard based &quot;new&quot; Radiohead sound and the guitar based sound we all came to love.<BR>With that said, it is only logical for them to return to what they enjoyed in the first place, while keeping it new and fresh to still intrigue them.<BR>2=2=5 is a fantastic example of this.  Thom sings quite well throughout.....
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets, in it's heyday, was fresh and exciting thrash metal - inventive, as well as intuitive in the music stakes. The last Metallica album that features Cliff Burton (who lost his life when Metallica's tour bus overturned, crushing him to death instantly)is nothing short of genious. The forefathers of modern alternative music, Hetfield, Hammett, Burton and Ulrich push the envelope with 'Damage Inc.', the fury of 'Master of Puppets' and they send the message out to war veterans in 'Disposable Heroes'. Hammett remains, as ever, tuneful and brilliant (Welcome Home), writing solos and riffs that compliment the husky growl of James Hetfield. The lyrical stylings on 'Master of Puppets' and 'Disposable Heroes' are eccentric and descriptive, painting morbid portraits for listeners. M.O.P is still today an album that continues to titallate and tantalise...it will be enternally brilliant. Metallica's greatest effort. Check out 'Ride The Lightning' and 'Kill 'Em All' ...in addition to this masterpiece.
B000005JA8|5.0|...don't waste your time, money and energy. And please, if you did buy this album and you don't like it (which is fine), don't come on amazon to write some review about how anyone who likes it is a poseur who claims to see the emperor's new clothes. <br />If you feel like you've been played a joke on, well, you have. You chose to make yourself the victim of whatever you think the joke is... <br />This album is weird. It is a bizarre blend of blues, rock, psychedelia and avant-garde jazz. What I cannot stress too much about this album is the avant-garde jazz influence. <br />I'm not talking about \\"Kind of Blue\\" and \\"Giant Steps\\" either. I'm talking about Ornette Coleman's \\"Free Jazz\\", Cecil Taylor, Albert Ayler and Sun Ra. Other truly out there musicians who play jokes on people who will claim to see the emperor's new clothes.<br />\\"Free Jazz\\" in particular comes to mind because of its rhythmically off kilter nature. Ornette Coleman had two quartets play at the same time and the rhythm sections each had their own sense of time which created a third rhythm somewhere in between the two.<br />One reviewer refers to \\"the crevice\\" between the vocal and instrumental tracks which is a perfect way to describe it. Captain Beefheart refused to wear headphones while recording this album, so he sings in his own time, separate from the band's. Not only that, his delivery is along the lines of Howlin' Wolf and his lyrics are laced with as much acid drenched imagery as any that Arthur Lee ever penned. <br />On the instrumental tracks, the saxophones are similar to the skronky free playing of Eric Dolphy, Albert Ayler or Pharoah Sanders. <br />Also, don't overlook the humor in this album. Launching into \\"Give me that old time religion\\" in the middle of \\"Moonlight on Vermont\\" is FUNNY.<br />I owned this album for two and a half years before I decided that I really liked it. It wasn't two and a half years of devoted listening that made me like it though, it was two and a half years oflistening to other music that influenced the Captain that made me appreciate it. <br />If you reject that last statement as akin to having to read secondary criticism to understand a book and that you shouldn't need to, keep in mind that that secondary criticism doesn't stand on its own the same way that albums recorded prior to Trout Mask Replica. If you haven't gotten into the blues, dug the Impulse! records catalogue, or listened to 60's garage rock, Love or Beefheart's first album \\"Safe as Milk\\" then go ahead and do so. Not only to get into \\"Trout Mask Replica\\", but because they're all good and worth the time and money.<br />Please, just don't knock a man for his music.
B000003TA4|4.0|The release of 'Nevermind's' single, 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' catapolted Nirvana into a new group of new-wavers - the Seattle pop/grunge genre. Nevermind is highly rated as Nirvana's greatest effort, however, although it is a brilliant offering, Insecticide, Bleach and In Utero should also be considered amongst some of the best albums to have been released in the past two decades. With the unfortunate loss of Cobain, I think the hype that was generated from his passing made Nevermind an even more sought after album than it already was. Check out 'Something In The Way', 'Polly' and my favourite track, 'Lithium'.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is a bold mixture of high-tech science fiction and low-tech frontier/western drama, and was inspired by the Reconstructionist era following the Civil War. The series is set 500 years in the future and follows the exploits of Malcolm Reynolds, a few years after finding himself on the losing side of a galactic war. Now, six years later, he is the captain of an old and run down cargo spaceship, the Serenity, and along with his crew and a few paying passengers, is living life on the frontier of space, taking work where they can find it, legal or otherwise.<br />What I especially like about the series is that there is very little of the techno-babble that is so common with other SF shows on TV. Instead, Firefly creator Joss Whedon and his band of great writers concentrate on the interaction between the nine principal actors. This is a truly character-driven series, which is practically unheard of in the SF genre. This depth of story telling might take many viewers by surprise, but I suggest that they rewatch every episode at least twice. There is so much going on in every scene that the shows actually get better with repeated viewings. <br />Since there is now talk of a Firefly movie in the works, I suggest everyone buy the original series now on DVD to see what all the fuss is about! I would recommend this DVD for any SF buff, but even more so for those not usually interested in science fiction. Firefly is unlike anything you have seen before, so give it sime time - it will grow on you.
B00008WG3U|5.0|With the current stranglehold the right-wingers have on the USA, punk rock protests are flying right and left. By far the best one so far is NOFX's latest release, which pulls off the admirable feat of being the best in their extensive collection.<br />The album, as a whole, is a rally for fans to do two things: stand up against right-wing opposition, and put the \\"punk\\" back in \\"punk rock,\\" both of which they do well here. Over the relatively short legnth of the album, they take on capitalism (\\"The Irrationality Of Rationality,\\") mainstream punk rock (\\"Separation Of Church & Skate,\\") the religious right (\\"Idiots Are Taking Over\\"), and the big Dubya himself (\\"American Errorist.\\") The album's centerpiece, however, is the deceivingly ubeat \\"Franco Un-American,\\" on which American sensibilities are attacked and names from Noam Chomsky to Michael Moore are dropped as alternatives.<br />Of course, it wouldn't be a NOFX album without a liberal dash of sophomoric humor, and here it can be found on tracks like \\"She's Nubs,\\" their entirely inappropriate tribute to a disabled fan, and \\"Mattersville,\\" which details an ideal senior living center for aging punks, where \\"there's always a keg of beer and a block of cheese.\\"<br />The music is fantastic, but the best reason to buy this CD is surprising. The enhanced portion, featuring a music video, a concert performance, and a mini-documentary, is worth the price of admission alone. The video for \\"Franco\\" is hysterical, but the documentary \\"Unprecedented,\\" which exposes the enormous scandal in Florida that won George Bush Jr. the election in 2000, is an excellent reason alone to purchase this CD.<br />Armed with intelligence, hooks, and humor, NOFX come this time with a great album and a message. One that a lot of people in this country might do well to hear.
B000002NJS|5.0|I like to think of this as the opposite of Erotica. Maturing after Evita and her SEX era, Ray of Light catches Madonna moving from R&B into electronica with some guitar in the background.<BR>The album opens with Drowned World/Substitute for Love(5/5) Her voice sounds beautiful, and has her owning up to her selfish ways of the past. The bells? are a nice touch. It ends with her whispering \\"This is my religion.\\" which is a nice hint of what is to come on the rest of the album. Track 2 is Swim(6/5), one of my personal favorites of hers, even though it was not released as a single. This has her elaborating on societal ills while she longs to escape them. Thought provoking and deep. Next is the title track, Ray of Light(6/5) It moves quickly and is a great track to dance to. The sirens are great-don't ask me why. Next up is Candy Perfume Girl(2.5/5) What? What's the point? THis is the only song I hate on this CD. Luckily she redeems herself with Skin(6/5) THis is the perfect combo of Madonna's voice with personal lyrics, techno beackground, and she even throws a little bit of Celtic(but not much) into the beat. 6 minutes and 22 seconds of perfection. Nothing Really Matters(6/5) also has her owning up to her past. The techno piano beat(I think that's what it is, in the middle. I don't remember right off the top of my head) is just great. Makes the song so awesome. Sky FIts Heaven is up next.(3.5/5) I thought the chorus was kind of dumb, but I loved the beat  and the rest of the lyrics. Shanti/AShangti?(4/5) is Madonna's attempt to turn a yoga chant into a pop song. I'm a Christian myself, but I enjoyed this track. Frozen(6/5) is a pure gem. It's haunting with it's blend of orchestra and techno. You SHOULD NOT have edited it on GHV2, Madonna! The instrumental solo is what makes this song the masterpiece it is. Perfect! So is the Power of Good-bye(6/5) Heart-wrenching with a slow techno beat and guitars, this is just a beautiful song. TO Have and Not to Hold(3/5) I don't hate it, but I don't love it either. I like the lyrics, but the beat-no. Fortunately, the last two tracks, Little Star(5/5) a tribute to hre daughter, and Mer Girl(5/5) a dark ballad to her mother, wrap up this personal and spiritual project quite nicely.  <BR>Overall grade-95/100 A<BR>This deserved the Grammys it got, and you should add this to you CD collection. Along with Music, THe Immaculate COllection, and Something to Remember, you MUST have this CD if you want Madonna's best music
B000084T18|2.0|This CD is probably the most overrated album in the history of rap. face it people, 50 is not the next Tupac and this album proves it. If I hear 'In the Club' one more time I'm going to kill myself. The only reason there is as much hype behind this album as there is because of Eminem and Dre's production. I liked his first single 'Wanksta' and the Ja Rule diss song was stupid but kinda funny. I'm not a big Ja Rule fan but he's better than 50. In the Club is just straight up retarded (go shorty, it's ya birthday. what the hell is he talking about) The only reason anybody likes '21 Questions' is because Nate Dogg is a bad ... and steals the show. 50 has no range as a rapper. A good rapper can speed up his flow on occasion and slow it down when needed. 50 has one speed and never changes. I support every rapper that disses 50 now, Scarface, Ghostface, Ja, Sticky Fingaz. I really wish people would buy CDs from geniuses like the Wu Tang Clan, Gang Starr, and  Sticky Fingaz instead of wasting their money on overhyped trash like this.
B000056NX5|5.0|The 2000 film version of Jesus Christ Superstar not only superceeds the orginal '73 version, but is a thoughtful, powerful and classy presentation of the brilliant musical penned by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice.<br />I first saw this movie several months ago, I was stunned. Based on the Broadway revival, this is essentially a stage play on film and perhaps that is why it keeps some of the \\"theatre magic\\". It should seem easy with the fantastic work of ALW and TM behind them but Gale Edwards and her team ought to be commended (actually, I think they were *cough*EMMY*cough*) for the presentation of this show; the lighting, the direction, the costumes, the setting all add, not only a modern and easily accesible feel, but a believable dramatic aspect that makes the story all the more heartbreaking. It is an undeniabley dark and tragic presentation, but this does not take away from it so much as add more power to the story. As Mr Webber says in the extras, this version is the one he always wanted.<br />It is the actors however, that bring the most to JCS 2000. In particular Jesus and Judas (Played by Glenn Carter and Jerome Pradon respectively) bring an amazing dymnamic to the screen. Carter (after you get past the fact that he looks scarily like a cute crossbreed of Michael Bolton and Fabio) is an impressive Jesus, he adds a vulnerabilty to his character that makes him both intriguing and humanising. Jerome Pradon is even better, his vocals struggle at times, but his portrayal of Judas outweighs this. He is perhaps one of the most pathetic and simeltaneously heartbreaking Judas' ever played. He plays the inner conflict beautfully, and when Jesus and Judas come up against each other their scenes are rivetting and intensily emotional. The Last Supper and the Kiss Of Betrayal in particular is...just amazing...<br />The supporting cast is brilliant also, Tony Vincent plays an great warmongering Simon Zealotes, and Pilate is given a newer, sadder aspect by the intense looking Fred Johanson. Perhaps the one exception is Renee Castle as Mary Magdelene, who while looks beautiful and sings even more beautifully, brings a touch too much drama to her part to take in.<br />If you do not like musicals, or you do not think you can tolerate a story that explores the ideas behind the story of Jesus Christ then you wont like this film, if you do however, you are in for a real treat.<br />Two very enthusiastic thumbs up. ;P
0060090383|5.0|\\"They said I was a drug addict,\\" begins twenty-something Dubliner Rachel Walsh in Marian Keyes's second installment of a series of five books, each about one of the five Walsh sisters.  In Rachel's Holiday, we're introduced to the middle child, Rachel.  Fleeing dreary Dublin as a young woman, Ms. Rachel Walsh not so much steers, but lands herself in the center of the city that never sleeps - New York, New York.  But even the non-stop on-the-go lifestyle being offered to her isn't enough.  Soon, things speed up(and so does her heart rate) when she meets her new best friend - cocaine.  Her family intervenes only after a near overdose and yanks her back home to Ireland.   They soon cart her off to the Emerald Isle's answer to the Betty Ford clinic.  Although naive and shallow Rachel is expecting to rub elbows with rock stars and lounge in the saunas, the closest thing she meets to a rock star is handsome, charming, yet self-destructive, alcoholic Chris, and the closest thing to a sauna is the laundry room where patients aren't allowed unsupervised.  At Keyes's fictitious rehabilitation facility, the Cloisters, Rachel not only meets a cast of colorful(and sometimes downright creepy) characters, she also just might find herself amongst the rubble that her life has become - that is of course assuming that she isn't thrown out for misconduct first.<br />Native Irish-woman herself, Marian Keyes draws here on her own darker experiences with alcoholism and the loneliness of the moment one realizes that they have chosen substance over self.  Keyes is the author of Watermelon, Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married, Last Chance Saloon, Angels, Under the Duvet: a collection of nonfiction, and her latest arrival on shelves - Sushi for Beginners.  Keyes is known for her sharp wit, heartwarming romantic comedies, wacky characters, hilarious dialogue, and sidesplitting scenes.<br />Rachel's Holiday is a book that can be taken to the beach for a light read or stewed over vigorously in thewintertime.  The characters are constant pleasers, each with multifaceted personalities and faults that make them consistently and animatedly come to life.  The book is full of scenes that could surely remind most readers of his or her life and experiences in one way or another.  The plot is full of sweet surprises and simple truths down to the very last word.  Rachel's Holiday is touching on many levels and laugh-out-loud funny on millions.  It's sad on still other levels and smile-invoking on a countless many.  However, no matter what angle the reader should choose to view it from, all will agree that Keyes has triumphantly succeeded here.<br />In this novel, few things could have been done on a better level.  One of those few things would have to have been a slight scene expansion here and there, or a slight bit more dialogue in places.  The only full-hearted complaint that a reader might voice would be that though thick do both the spine and conflict run, the reader's eyes ran faster through each delicious chapter and finished the novel in the blink of an eye!  <br />Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday is a must have for a romantic comedy lover.   The strong characters, flowing dialogue, hilarious moments, and poignant message make for a story that you shall not soon forget.  Rachel's Holiday is a hot piece of chick-lit with all that it's targeted audience looks for in their selections.  Any enjoyer of the Red Dress Ink books wouldn't be able to put this hit down.  This is a novel that will touch(and tickle) both Marian's old and new fans!  A must have!
B000002J6F|5.0|As an avid music collector, I'm often tempted to review albums as I peruse the Amazon aisles (as I did long ago at [local store] on Sunset)...But, the only album I'd take the time to rate would be MANASSAS....after listening to the LP, cassette, 8-Track, and CD...and having been blessed with the opportunity to see MANASSAS live five times.....THEY'RE NOT THE BEST AT WHAT THEY DO....THEY'RE THE ONLY ONES THAT DO WHAT THEY DO. Here's a prayer out to Chris Hillman...
0385504209|5.0|I learned more about history (both political and religous) in the Da Vinci Code than I did in high school.<br />The book is a page turner, from the first word on the first page to the last word on the last page.  Brown keeps the chapters short and intriguing, making this an easy read, even for those who do not read regularly.<br />Highly recommended.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|The hype surrounding up and coming artist Gavin DeGraw definetly proved warranted when his debut CD was released this week.  Already seen on Carson Daly's NBC show &quot;Last Call&quot; and featured on the WB's Pepsi Smash DeGraw is a force to be reckoned with.  With catchy lyrics, and an incredible talent for the piano &quot;Chariot&quot; is a fun, and easy to relate to album that pulls you in on the first listen, and keeps you coming back for more.  From the first track and single &quot;Follow Through&quot; to the very end of the CD there is absolutely no question that DeGraw is here to stay, and is a much needed, and refreshing change from the many singer/songwriters and their acoustic guitars that are currently flooding the charts.
0156027321|5.0|I read voraciously and have never had the urge to post a review here on Amazon.  Just not something I do.  But I have already told all my friends about this book and still feel the need to let some more people in on it.  This book is magic!  It is a wonderfully imaginative fable that is by turns comedic, tragic, thrilling and spiritual.  One of my favorite books.  Please read it, you won't regret it.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is the next big thing, his cd Chariot is the best. Just to think he is not just a singer he writes and plays his own music. If you have yet to purchase his cd, you should it is money well spent. He as I say one Fab. guy, and on his way to make billions.
0385474547|3.0|Things Fall Apart has been hyped as a book about the effects of colonialism upon Africa.  It really fails to deliver upon that promise.  The theme of colonialism isn't introduced until the last quarter of the book.  Further, the story really fails to extrapolate upon the full effects of colonialism.  It just doesn't deliver.<br />What Things Fall Apart does have going for it, is a well written portrait of African tribal life.  The author takes the brave course of showing how well tribal life worked, both in it's communal beauty and it's communal brutality.  The characters shown within the tribe are diverse and full.  The author does a good job of creating a 'village'.  For those who enjoy reading books that give not just information, but the 'feel' of another culture, this book will be much enjoyed.
0553208845|5.0|This is one of those books that leaves you asking more questions than it answers.  What are we to make of Siddhartha?  Has he found truth and wisdom?  Was his journey meaningful, or was it a waste of time?  There are probably as many answers to these questions as there are readers of this book.  And I think that's the point.<br />Hesse even teases us at the end, when in their climactic final encounter Govinda asks his lifelong friend Siddhartha to share his discoveries and insights into the meaning of life.  Siddhartha's answer is profound yet vague, insightful yet circular in logic.  He answers his friend's question, and yet in a way he doesn't.  In a sense he leaves his friend, and by extension the reader, to find his own answers.<br />Whether or not this book hands you on a silver platter the answers to life's burning questions, I think most readers will find it inspiring.  Its central message is that the search for wisdom is not about arriving at the end, but rather about the journey itself.  Also, that meaning comes from within, and each person must define meaning in his own way.<br />So what are we supposed to make of a man who abandons his home as a young man, journeys through the wilderness living a life of asceticism, shacks up with a prostitute and assumes a lavish, decadent existence, then dumps her to go finish his days as a humble ferryman, where he listens to a river that teaches him the meaning of life?  I honestly don't know, and if I did, I'm sure my answer would be different from yours.  And we'd both be right.
B00001QEE8|5.0|Get them before their gone.  Our kids watched the video so much that it wore out.  Great movie.  Glad it's on DVD!
B00005JKCH|5.0|I really enjoyed Spiderman. It was action-packed and fun to watch, the actors really got into their roles, and the special effects were nicely done. Overall the movie was put together well. I must say that if you're someone like me (I don't normally watch action movies, I mostly stick with comedy) that you willl enjoy this movie! At first I wasn't sure about it, but I really did like it, and I bought it. I recommend the DVD to anyone.
6305003882|3.0|Although Leonardo DiCaprio shows some amazing depth and vulnerability here it can't save the movie from becoming redundant.  <br />When there is a plot, the movie does very well: a young street punk goes bad due to the various pressures of school and life.  But once he goes bad, so does the film.  DiCaprio's performance is extraordinary, but how many times need we watch a junkie lay on the ground and ask for money, even if the performance is extraordinary?  We see his character sinking lower and lower, until rock bottom is hit, and then is hit again, and again, and again.  All right, he's at the bottom, we get it.  Perhaps it was complete truthfulness to the real-life story, directed that way to help the tragedy sink in for us viewers.  Sink it did.<BR>   <BR>But the movie is good nonetheless.  It's certainly gritty, realistic and very hard to watch at points.  Bruno Kirby is particularly icky, with a sadistic smile that could make you hurl.  It would work very well (almost up there with &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; in this aspect) as an anti-drug video for schools.  It probably could have been half as long, and more powerful because of it.
B00006HBUA|3.0|I'll admit this movie was funny and cute at times, but overall I didn't care too much for it. There was just something about it. I think it was a little too immature. In making a live action movie out of the cartoon, I think the creators of the movie could have done a little better job by making it one-of-a-kind, and not just like the show. The storyline was just like any regular episode. In my opinion, they should have put a little more effort and creativity in making the movie.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Every song on this CD is fun to listen to. I'm very picky about songs and I usually end up skipping four or five tracks on my CD's, but I don't have to skip any on this CD. Great stuff.  Gavin is obviously a very talented guy and he'll be around for a long time.
B00005JL96|3.0|I'll have to say that the movie was cute at some points. But the reason I give it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is because I don't think Disney himself would have entirely approved of the movie. For instance, the AC/DC music. Another thing is, I don't really care for the animation. I wish the animators would have stuck with the original Disney and made the people look like real people, and not cartoons. That just takes away some of its appeal for me. But that's just me!<br />I won't give this movie an entirely poor rating, in the opinion that it had a nice storyline and cute characters. But if you like the classic Disney animation (Beauty and the Beast, Snow White, etc.) like me, then I wouldn't necessarily recommend this movie to you. I thought it was okay, but in my opinion I think it could have been better.
B000001EHS|4.0|A Def Leppard 'greatest' has to be a 2-CD set. This is an awesome compliation of tunes but too many classics left out to get a 5.
B00006HBUA|3.0|I'll admit this movie was funny and cute at times, but overall I didn't care too much for it. There was just something about it. I think it was a little too immature. In making a live action movie out of the cartoon, I think the creators of the movie could have done a little better job by making it one-of-a-kind, and not just like the show. The storyline was just like any regular episode. In my opinion, they should have put a little more effort and creativity in making the movie.
0142004235|5.0|Another compelling piece of excellence from the great American novelist. I'm glad Oprah added this to her collection on order to get the widespread coverage it deserves. Competing with Mark Twain, aka Samuel Clemens, Steinbeck ranks amongst the all-time best of American authors. Bravo!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is a man with a wealth of talent.  His debut album, Chariot, layers beautiful, flowing piano music over rasping, soaring vocals.  Chariot is a mix of Billy Joel and John Mayer, R&amp;B, soul, pop, and love songs. I dare you to listen to this album and *not* find yourself tapping your feet and bopping your head. I promise you all, this man has a gift and you're missing out of something really beautiful if you don't listen.
0345298349|5.0|Many writers today find a successful formula and stick to it... over and over. The only thing the same from Martin Cruz Smith's works are their high level of excitement, interesting characters  and plot development. Gorky Park is Smith's BEST work to date. What he does best is gives the reader an insiders' view of a society totally different than what the audience is used to. And introduces his characters to his readers as if we had been their friends (or enemies) for years.<BR>Whether it be Los Alamos during the development of Man's deadliest weapon in Stallion Gate, Cuba in Havana Bay, Japan in December 4th: A Novel, or Moscow in Gorky Park, with his characters on the verge of an exciting adventure for the reader to be a part of. <BR>I enjoy Smith's books. Gorky Park is THE mystery novel I judge all other mysteries and mystery writers by. Some mysteries I consume like potato chips or pretzels. Very, VERY few do I savor each page as I did Gorky Park!<br />John Row
0345451325|5.0|I bought the book 3 days ago and added it to a pile of 6 other books I still have yet to read. I figured I'd read the opening chapter and pick it up again sometime later. That was a mistake, because I didn't set the book down until I finished reading it completely! <br />For fans of the game Halo, or even general sci fi fans, this book is a great read. I usually don't get into reading sci fi at all. The difference with this book was how the author goes all out in a lot of detail to draw a crystal clear pictures of the characters, surroundings, battles, and everything.<br />I'm a bit nervous about reading the next installment because of the grave reviews. However I am looking forward to the next release in December by Eric S. Nylund, &quot;Halo: First Strike&quot;. Other than that Bungie needs to hurry up and release HALO 2!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw brings a whole new refreshing sound to the music scene...the acoustics are amazing and his voice is very amazing.  I loved every track on this CD, this is one to own you will not be disappointed.
0380973650|5.0|Many people will overlook this book only because it is in the fantasy genre section of the store or library.  And they will miss a lot.  With many fantastic elements and a fantastic plot premise, the book rightly belongs there, but it is also great fiction.  <br />As the main character Shadow is getting out of prison, he suddenly finds himself the assistant of a strange man, surrounded by strange associates.  His boss, Wednesday, is mobilizing his associates for a fight against the modern idols.  Struggle for power, love, betrayal, loyalty--the book has everything.
B000002UJQ|5.0|There is nothing that I could say about this album that hasn't already been said.  It isn't your run of the mill music, it's on another plane.  If you love complex and emotional music you will love this album.
0380973650|5.0|Many people will overlook this book only because it is in the fantasy genre section of the store or library.  And they will miss a lot.  With many fantastic elements and a fantastic plot premise, the book rightly belongs there, but it is also great fiction.<br />As the main character Shadow is getting out of prison, he suddenly finds himself the assistant of a strange man, surrounded by strange associates.  His boss, Wednesday, is mobilizing his associates for a fight against the modern idols.  Struggle for power, love, betrayal, loyalty--the book has everything.<br />Many reviewers compared American Gods to Terry Pratchett's Small Gods.  And obviously Gaiman and Pratchett have cooperated onm the book (Pratchett is mentioned in the acknowledgements).  However, what the book reminded me a lot of is The Master and Margarita, another great novel about religion, love and man's mission.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|The story-line and characters aren't as well developed as in the video game, but the graphics are every bit as good, if not better!!! Angelina Jolie must've done extensive research on how a video character acts. She captured the personality of Laura Croft perfectly by speaking in a monotone with a blank expression on her face throughout the movie's duration.(How come no second Oscar nomination?!!)<br />  After the fickle tastes of movie-goers caused Super Mario Brothers the movie to bomb, I was concerned that this genre was DOA. With the success of Tomb Raider I am again optimistic that video game movies are alive and flourishing. I only hope that someday I might see Q-Bert on the big screen. I'm sure I'm not the only hard-core fan who has wondered for years what secret from Q-Bert's past led him to a life of jumping from one cube to another.
0064407667|1.0|I just picked up this book at the used book store ... and all I can figure out is that I wasted my money.  this book is often found on the list of 'books to read while waiting for the next Harry Potter book'... and I can't figure out why.<br />The author has one dimensional characters, and plot lines that aren't engaging.  The characters are boring, unlike Rowlings most insignifigant characters who have more pizazz in their three paragraph appearance than the main children in this book.  The children are perfect and good to the point of being totally unbelievable.  The adults are shown to be stupid and easily manipulated, but at the same time oblivious to the needs of the children. <br />The author has a tendency to define words that are used.  Perhaps this is supposed to be a humor device, or some such positive thing, but all it does for me is make me think that he assumes his audience has an IQ of a goldfish.  yes, the book is written primarily for children... but don't assume the children don't know how to look up words they don't know, or that want the words defined in a patronizing tone.  Give the reader some credit.<br />All I have to say is that anyone looking for a good read here, something that a Harry Potter fan would enjoy... they're looking in the wrong book.<br />Try Dianne Duane, Patricia C Wrede, or Tamora Pierce.  Or just re-read the harry potter books.  They're just as enjoyable the 7th time around as the first, which is more than I can say for this one...
B00004Z400|5.0|Well what can i say about Deftones third album &quot;white pony&quot;. Well it is definitly THE best album i have ever heard.I just got into Deftones recently when i bought their new self titled album.I have heard tons of good things about it so i decided to go to the store and pick it up(along with all their other albums).  <BR>Well it's true what they say,this is a truly brilliant album.<BR>The first song,&quot;back to school&quot; is great from the start, it's different from other Deftones songs, it's mostly rap-metal but it still succeeds to put shame upon anything limp bizkit ever wrote.Song #2 &quot;Feiticeira&quot; is one of my favorites on the album it just totally rocks out but is nothing compared to the next song &quot;Digital Bath&quot;, which is possibly the best deftones song ever.All the rest of the songs are great, especially songs like &quot;change&quot;,&quot;knife prty&quot;, and &quot;passenger&quot;(featuring Maynard from Tool).overall this is the best Deftones album released and probably one of the best albums of all time.Good day.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This album is probably one of the best I've heard from an upcoming artist who definitely knows his stuff! I highly recommend this album for someone who is constantly searching for good, new music =)
B00005JHAB|2.0|If you like not so good acting, and a boring plot, you will love this one.
B000002UAU|5.0|I think this is the best Beatles Album. All songs are Very good except Fixing a hole, Within you without you* and Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite.
B00008S2VG|4.0|My favorite artist on the entire planet comes out with her latest cd. So your wondering what I think. Some might have the opinion that American life isn't what they expected because of all the loud base and background sounds, but along with Maddy's famous voice, and kickin sounds, this cd continues to maintain her status as strong! Love Hollywood, I'm so stupid, Love Profusion, mother and father, and of course American life! The cd may not be her best, but in this day and age, it goes with the style and fashion of music, and I love it just as much as her previous work!!!!!!!! Go Maddy!!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I have been waiting for this soundtrack to become available, rather impatiently for quite some time now. It is *that* good. Klaus Badelt capture the emotions and true heart of this fantastic watery voyage. From the first seconds of &quot;Fog Bound&quot; to the last chord of &quot;He's A Pirate&quot; you are swept into the world of the movie right from your stereo. If you weren't a Pirate before, you will be! Arrgh!
031286504X|5.0|Robert Neville is Legend. And what a ride Richard Matheson gives in what is perhaps the finest vampire novel ever written. From the first page the reader is sucked into the nightmare that the protagonist lives through night after terrifying night. Richard Matheson's deft prose keeps the readers eyes glued to the pages, often way into the morning hours in a desperate attempt to find out what happens. And boy can he write. You will not find better storytelling anywhere. With the added short stories, especially Dress of White Silk, From Shadowed Places, and the sublime Person to Person, this is a justified purchase for fans of horror fiction. Highly recommended.
B0000931QR|5.0|I thought \\"Viaje de Copperpot\\" was as good as pop/rock music could be.  Incredibly, this CD is at least as good as LODVG's previous outstanding effort.  The music on this CD begins with the more-lively tunes, then gradually slows the pace toward the end (with several exceptions).  My favorite LODVG song is \\"20 de Enero,\\" with its early 1980s pop/rock sound and the occasional chimes.  Actually, to me, this CD doesn't sound as \\"pop\\" as the previous one (Viaje+).  It seems a more mature (for the lack of a better word) sound.  As always, Amaia's vocals are clear, which is wonderful for those of us who like the songs almost as much for the language (European Spanish) as for the music itself.<br />I was pleased to note that the \\"bonus track\\" was given its own track this time, rather than sharing one like \\"Tic Tac\\" in the previous CD.<br />This CD allows access to the \\"exclusive zone\\" on LODVG's Website.  That's a nice additional feature to an already excellent disc.<br />Ojal que pudiera darlo SEIS estrellas!
B00008OLYN|5.0|This is without a doubt the finest album of Opeth's amazing musical lifespan. Haunting, filled with melancholy yet strangely soothing, Damnation is a true work of pure passion. To think back on past releases, it is hard to imagine that this is the same band that released Deliverance and the fantastic and cathartic Blackwater Park. From the opening track, Windowpane, you will be lost in the Opeth's music, and trust me it is a trip well worth taking. Mikael Akerfeldt, whose painfully deep growling has littered their previous albums, now chooses to embrace the lighter side of music, melody, and meter. Every song on Damnation takes a journey, and each path taken is a different one eventhough we always seem to wind up back where we started. Not to sound too cliche, but this album truly is a work of art, and one that every music lover should add to their collection.<br />Standout Tracks (All of them are, these are my personal favorites)<br />Windowpane<br />In My Time of Need<br />To Rid the Disease<br />Hope Leaves
B000002UB6|5.0|Does that mean that everyone has to hate this album?  No.  This album is still great.  THe unpolished live sound sounds really good and besides, it IS the Beatles and they really give it heart and soul.  If you listen to this and then Abbey Road, you can kind of tell what type of style they would have started out the 70's with; a little more rock, a little less pop.  This album cannot be overrated as almost every song on here is a classic and the other, lesser known tracks are just as great.  Don't compare this to other Beatles' albums or any other album at all, it's good music and that should be all it takes for an album to be respected.
B00009L1TA|3.0|You have to respect director John McTiernan for what he is attempting with Basic: The Thinking Man's Action Film. While at its core, Basic is your run-of-the-mill murder mystery interlaced with testosterone moments of flying bullets and angry stares, in the end the final product becomes bogged down in its own cleverly laid sandtraps. The screenplay, while sharply written with tight dialogue still fails to deliver the knockout punch. The performances are adequate, with Giovanni Ribisi being the lone sell-out in the cast. While attempting to appear sinister, amoral and just plain confused, he comes off as a pure hack; all menacing sidelong glances, guttural \\"I hate Daddy\\" speeches while sputtering riddle after incoherent riddle. John Travolta imbues Tom Hardy with the same boyish charm and ornery impetus that had littered every character he has every played, and Sam Jackson is merely adequate. Two surprise performances however come in the form of Tim Daly (Wings) and Harry Connick Jr. Not a terrible effort, but Basic could have been better.
0345451325|5.0|The story is very interesting, detailed, and engaging whether you've played the Xbox game or not.  If you've played the game this book really helps to flesh out the world you experienced in the game.  It's not your typical video game based book, it actually has some substance.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Many shows are humorous, many shows are sad, many shows have action, and a few look really really good.  Firefly was all of these things.  This DVD set includes all 12 aired episodes plus 3 unaired, along with commentary, a gag reel, and more.  Having seen most of the material involved I can safely give the source material 5 stars.  For the presentation and implementation of menus and effects, I remain hopeful.
0440180295|5.0|Although you should all be reading the Vonnegut collection instead of reading my shanty review, I will go ahead and say that this book is wonderful by all standards.<BR>Read it as soon as possible.<BR>So it goes.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|It's rare to find the unique and cool sound from an up and coming artist that I found in Gavin DeGraw. His new CD Chariot is a blend of acoustic guitar and piano underneath a talented and excited singing voice that has been in my CD player ever since I bought it. Chariot simply puts you in a good mood and forces you to sing along not because it's repetitive and annoying but because it's just good music. If you like the unique sound of Norah Jones, the charm of John Mayer, and the talent of pianists Billy Joel and Ben Folds, you'll find a fulfilling and exciting blend in Gavin Degraw. Go buy the CD and ask for his songs on the radio... you'll be glad you did.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This CD is so amazing...Everyone should have this one.  Gavin is such a great performer, and he does not disappoint as a recorded artist either.  If you've never heard or seen Gavin play....YOU'RE MISSING OUT~ I can't choose a favorite song...the whole album is just awesome~!
1400034779|4.0|I liked this book a lot, but I also think the fact that at least three of Alexander McCall Smith's books are on the bestseller list right now says a lot about our desire to read entertaining, dare we say hopeful stories about Africa. I am fascinated by Africa, but can only bring myself to read so much about war, suffering, drought, and starvation. Smith shows the human, day-to-day life of the continent -- may he be only the first of many!
B00005JLT5|5.0|Hollywood [Bad]! I have just witnessed a cinematic masterpiece, a film that is about characters and events, that's lyrical and beautiful and all I can think of after it is how much of a tool Tom Hanks is. Why is it that after experiencing Roman Polanski's THE PIANIST I can only think of Robert Zemeckis's CAST AWAY? It's a really an eerie feeling, but go with me for a little while. Maybe my ranting will begin to make sense.<br />THE PIANIST is the powerful and lyrical life story of Wladyslaw Szpilman (Adrian Brody, Summer of Sam), a Jew living in Poland during World War II. It follows him from a peaceful life as a piano player on polish radio, to the ghetto's of Warsaw, to hiding in empty apartments, and all the while dreaming of life as it once was. CASTAWAY is the story of Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks, The Money Pit) a FedEx employee that gets trapped on a deserted island and in the end talks to volleyball.<br />How are these two stories similar? They're both about men trying to make through unbelievable circumstances and how they must do it alone. One takes the Hollywood approach, where everything is ambiguously tied up at the end. The other takes a more lyrical approach, where a man returns to what he does best. The Pianist takes the lyrical approach and in the end is more successful a story.<br />Brody is fantastic. For much of the film he's teetering on that thin line between madness and sanity. Nothing more telling than the scene, in which, Szpilman, whom hasn't eaten in days, finds an unopened jar of pickles. In his attempt to open that jar he is confronted by his worst fear, a German guard standing before him. In a Hollywood film, this scene would be about Szpilman breaking free and running away. But in the PIANST it about him longing for that can of pickles. When he picks it up off the floor he holds onto it for dear life. If his life is not taken by the guard he's got to eat so he's not letting go. It's a small moment that is really powerful.<br />I contrast that with Tom Hanks teetering on that thin line as well. He has a friend, he talks to a volleyball. But this relationship is far different. This relationship is about giving the actor something to talk to. The most dramatic moment in this film is when he losses the Volleyball. Problem is the film suggests that the volleyball is a character and not a need, like food. This moment is so huge it spoils what should be a moment of discovery for the character. The moment when he can go on without his crutch, but all the audience cares about is a stupid volleyball.<br />The final moments in THE PIANIST are also small but have strong impact. Moments before the credits roll we see Szpilmann sitting in an open field, wondering what to do next. It then cuts to him doing what he's always done. He's beaten those who have tried to keep him down. It's encouraging but the music doesn't have to swell, and the violins don't have to play. It's a small intimate moment. The scene does not force emotion, but there is much there. It plays with life the way life really is, when the battle is over, we may have changed but we still sometimes go back to what we are good at. He one tha battle and he can play again.<br />CASTAWAY puts the hero right in the middle of a literal crossroads. What should he do next? The camera circles around him, and he walks down a road. But while Both moments are very similar, this moment is over sentimental. It forces emotions and it fails to move you, you don't really care what road he choses. It kind of diminishes his battle. He has nowhere to go and I'm sure none of us want to follow.<br />In film sometimes plot is inconsequential. I would have loved to have been trapped on an island with Wladyslaw Szpilman as much as I didn't care about Chuck Noland on an island, and well he'd probably wind up gassed in a polish concentration camp had he come up in that time. That's what is great about Brody's performance, he is in every scene of this movie, and fills the screenwith a character of depth and strength. Hanks fills the screen with a character of no depth and mostly surface strength.<br />It's amazing that I could compare two completely opposite films and explain how one fails and the other one works. But I have found a new film I can call a favorite and another film I can never rent again. One is powerful, the other dull and yet they have two characters that can be very similar.<br />Do yourself a favor and rent THE PIANST, you won't be disappointed.n with a character of depth and strength. Hanks fills the screen with a character of no depth and mostly surface strength.<br />It's amazing that I could compare two completely opposite films and explain how one fails and the other one works. But I have found a new film I can call a favorite and another film I can never rent again. One is powerful, the other dull and yet they have two characters that can be very similar.<br />Do yourself a favor and rent THE PIANST, you won't be disappointed.
B00005JM09|5.0|I don't care if the \\"King of the World\\" was involved.  The movie makes logical sense and the 4 major action sequences were so well-staged that my breath was taken away.  I'll NEVER forget the incredible crane and bathroom-fight sequences. WOW! You can really see where the $170M was spent. (Too bad they probably won't make it back domestically.)  Kristanna is no Robert Patrick but she brings freshness and sexiness to the role.  It's a pity that most critics didn't understand the gender ironies/politics displayed in this film (e.g. T-X got smashed by a male urinal and her head didn't move an inch).I saw this film 3 times already and will again if it comes to IMAX like Star Wars II and Matrix Reloaded.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|hi  everyone  let  me  tell  you  i  went  to  the  concert  i  was  amazed with  what  i  saw  cher  was  awsome  i  tell  you buy  the  dvd.  as  i  sat  in  front  of  the  stage cher  was doing a  great  job  to  us  the  she  is  living proof . So  i  urge  you  to  buy  it?
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I have to say that this is a great soundtrack. I think that this music makes the movie even better. The soundtrack has many songs and many different styles of music. <BR>My favorite tracks are Barbossa is Hungry, and Skul and Crossbones. You can hear the same familiar theme in many of the fast paced songs. Moonlight Serenade is a great song which features the strings. There are many instruments used in this film which create the magic for the movie. I really love this soundtrack. Buy it, you won't be dissapointed.
B00004RFFS|4.0|I watched Interview With the Vampire for the first time about a year ago, before I read the novel. I didn't like it that much, but decided to give the book a try because I love horror, and heard that Anne Rice was a fantastic writer. I heard right, and after I was done reading it, I knew that I must see the movie again.<br />With an amazing cast, this movie holds a place as one of my favorites. Quickly I would like to talk about what it is about. Lestat (Tom Cruise) is an older vampire who finds Louis (Brad Pitt), a sad, lonley man who recently lost his wife and child at childbirth. Lestat changes Louis into a vampire. Louis is still suffering. Lestat decides to give Louis a &quot;child&quot;, Claudia (Kristen Dunst). They travel together, but begin to fall apart, and I will tell you no more.<br />Tom Cruise didn't deliver as well as I had hoped he would, but there is no doubt he gave a good performance. I always like the book better than the movie that follows, so this may add to my disappointment. But don't get me wrong, like I said, in the end, Tom delivers.<br />Brad Pitt absolutely amazed me. I never began to like his work until recently, after seeing Fight Club. I can say nothing more except that Brad's work in this movie is absolutely amazing, and to my point of view, captured Louis perfectly.<br />Kristen Dunst was amazing as well. She was pretty young when she acted in this movie, and as she said in a behind the scenes interview, she could never have truly understood the character and her feelings. Yet she manages to give a performance that could ask nothing more of her. A mature adult trapped in a young child's body- this is what Kirsten's character was, and she was amazing.<br />Antonio Banderas gave a good performance as well, although I don't think that the movie showed the real Armand. I pictured Armand differently, thought of his actions, feelings differently. I was a bit disappointed with this.<br />But overall, this movie really was fantastic. I would recommend reading the book by Anne Rice first however, or like me, you may find it a bit... blah =P
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I have to say that this is a great soundtrack. I think that this music makes the movie even better. The soundtrack has many songs and many different styles of music. <BR>My favorite tracks are Barbossa is Hungry, and Skul and Crossbones. You can hear the same familiar theme in many of the fast paced songs. Moonlight Serenade is a great song which features the strings. There are many instruments used in this film which create the magic for the movie. I really love this soundtrack. Buy it, you won't be dissapointed.
B00005ASHM|5.0|When one thinks of The Beach Boys, one immediately conjures up the hedonistic sun, surf and car imagery of a more innocent time-the good times, the spirit of youth and of \\"fun,fun,fun\\".  By late 1965 The Beach Boys were probably America's top band and second (after the Beatles) as an international act. However things in leader, singer, songwriter, producer, arranger and mother hen Brian Wilson's head had a different track to follow. Wilson had in a few short years (1962-65)accomplished a hell of a lot; writing, arranging and recording over a dozen top ten records, gold albums that culminated in [inter]national acclaim.  He was done with being the guaranteed hit making machine, now focusing on the more important facet of being accepted within the new \\"hip\\" community-the growing \\"counter-cultural revolution\\". Material with a surf and drag racing aspect would never any affect the \\"real\\" consciousness of the youth culture-he wanted to make a statement-and be taken seriously in the line of a Bob Dylan or a John Lennon. Brian Wilson is often been described as a neurotic, compulsive  yet blatantly talented musician/singer/songwriter. Much has been written about Brian Wilson's artistry and his operations within the studio; begining in 1962 and increasingly becoming more advanced and technically adept than most of the industry. Pet Sounds was to be a culmination of sorts for him. As the story goes, after dutifully listening to the recently released Beatles landmark Rubber Soul it was decided that Wilson would be downright determined to create a total listening experience, an album were there was no \\"filler\\" and every track would be a masterwork itself; thus Pet Sounds.<BR>Wilson at this point had mastered craft within the studio. His arranging took place within the church he called the studio utilizing seasoned session musicians take after tedious take. While at home collaborating with then-unknown jingle writer Tony Asher, Wilson created what is now regarded as THE Beach Boys masterpiece, within the same ranking of that of Beatles Sgt. Pepper (released over a year later).<BR>Pet sounds sophisticated production was, and remains an unparalled acheivement. The sound is rich, dense but expansive and airy even considering that it was orginally cut in mono.<BR>The album was a giant step forward for the band, however it was a radical departure from the Beach Boys \\"formula\\" of surf, sun and sex; this especially irritated record company executives and imparticurally raised the ire of songwriting partner and lead singer Mike Love. The song cycle presented here-and there is one if you listen hard enough-is about a boy  becoming a man and facing very adult situations; living alone, falling in and out of love, paranoia and finally the loss and disillusion of the innocence of love iteself. Pet Sounds walks the line of sadness with lisp of hopeful love and happiness. From it's childlike guitar opening of \\"Wouldn't It be Nice\\" to the final sad chords of \\"Caroline No\\", the listener doesn't and will never know if the character Wilson portrays does find love at all.<BR>What's for certain is that the original Pet Sounds release (1966) was received with mixed reviews, and ultimately did not sell enough be a gold record. In fact, it was the begining of the end of the Beach Boys as chart toppers (with the exception of \\"Good Vibrations\\").  With the release of the album, Internal problems within the band and Capitol records were now coming to the fore and would eventually reach a boiling point with the Smile Sessions that followed.<BR>For those who desire a inner look at the making of the record, seek the Pet Sounds Sessions box set, which also includes the inferior stereo mix. For further fanatical review (and if your funds permit) seek the out-of-print Sea of Tunes ROIO Alernate Pet Sounds Album. It is also noted that this was the first (and only) Beach Boys album that the Boys only sing, not play on. The classic Beach Boy four-part harmonies that created the \\"california Sound\\" are now maturer and most inventive-but not strained or driven. The key tracks \\"Wouldn't it be Nice\\", \\"Sloop John B\\" (which Wilson intended NOT to have on the album), the ornate and angelic \\"God Only Knows\\" and the sad, wistful \\"Caroline No\\" (orginally released as a Brian Wilson solo single) captures Wilson honing his creative art. (the Peak would become the single \\"Good Vibrations\\", which was the follow-up). Wilson has grown almost too creative to be contained within the limitations of the recording studio.<BR>Pet Sounds has influenced numerous musicians and bands to this day.  The album's emotional content holds up to today's standards. Even though his original mono recording techniques are now dated, It still sounds suprisingly fresh (One still has to remember that Wilson had limited hearing in one ear).<BR>All original thirteen painstakingly crafted tracks are production masterworks in thier own right. Some have interesting little stories associated them. The title track for instance was a piece (\\"Run James Run\\")intended for a James Bond movie, but was turned down. The original title to the other instrumental \\"Let's go away for awhile\\" was titled \\"Let's go away for awhile-and then we'll have world peace\\". \\"I know there's an answer\\" was originally titled \\"Hang on to your Ego\\" (the song can be heard as a bonus track and on the box set) and \\"You still Believe in Me\\" was titled \\"In my Childhood\\". Due to group and record company pressures, these were obviously changed. Not withstanding, the record will remain a jewel of the rock era. Sandwiched between Post spector and pre-psychedelia, the album doesn't always come to mind as a Beach Boys work, but millions of people have sworn by it-including myself-and grew up with it. After almost 40 years since its release the album will undoubtedly remain an unforgettable classic. For those who want an even more in-depth story on the making of Pet Sounds (documenting both the good and the bad) seek David Leafs classic book \\"The Beach Boys and the California Myth\\". <BR>I could go on raving about the album, but let Brian Wilson himself tell you from the track \\"Don't Talk,(Put your Head on my Shoulder)\\"<BR><BR>\\"Listen, Listen, Listen....\\"
0345409671|5.0|Be assured, for what it's worth, that this book was written with considerable spiritual ambitions. Lestat is my soul. For me and for him, this quest was inevitable. The Vampire Chronicles are meant to entertain, yes, but they are meant to do a great deal more than that.  Does no one want to remark on the fact that in this book Lestat  turned his back on a cosmos obsessed with crime and punishment for an experience with the character Dora which affirmed what is often called &quot;the eternal feminine?&quot; Does no one want to connect that experience, in which Lestat drinks the blood of Dora's menses, with the legends surrounding Veronica's veil which figures so prominantly in the novel? I appreciate the thoughtful comments, but wonder if we can raise the level of discourse here for some of the other readers. Let me repeat my assurance: If you took this book seriously, trust me that it was meant seriously. Enough said. Anne Rice, New Orleans, La.
B00008NRI8|4.0|This very cute film stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock as two very different people (she's a super-environmentalist, hippie lawyer who would do anything for her cause(s), he's a millionaire construction developer with few responsibilities and a carefree, somewhat arrogant attitude (but hidden behind all that is a man with quite a heart, and a great, witty sense of humour.) <br />Despite their differences, the two are drawn together by circumstance, and despite of (and sometimes because of) their bickering, and what they learn about themselves and each other through all their funny little escapades, come to realize that they are perfect for each other.<br />When we meet granola-esque attorney, Lucy Kelson (Bullock), she is on a mission to save the local community center on Coney Island, where she grew up. When she has a chance meeting with high-powered businessman George Wade (Grant) on the sidewalk outside his building, they find that they each have something the other needs. She needs his backing to ensure that the community center won't be displaced by a massive new construction project, and he needs a new chief counsel for his firm. <br />When she mentions she went to Harvard Law, he immediately offers her a position. She takes it, somewhat hesitantly, having heard of his reputation through the grapevine, (he had til then been more interested in dating his attorneys than consulting them). Comedy ensues as the two butt heads as they go about their business, literally, in their hugely disparate styles. He is mellow, quirky, quick with his jokes and one-liners, she is professional, tightly-wound, in control, but not entirely content in the role. One gets the feeling that she wouldn't mind loosening up around the edges, relaxing a little.. if she could just learn to delegate a little, and/or count on her new boss to hold up his end of the bargain once in a while (which he doesn't really see as that much of a priority, at least at first.) As the two share some highlystressed and emotionally charged, and then eventually some relaxed, enjoyable times as they go about their days together, they slowly come to realize, as Lucy prepares to leave Grant's employ, that they are falling for one another.<br />There's a song that goes, \\"You don't know what you got til it's gone,\\" and this movie amply highlights that turn of events.. once Wade faces losing Lucy, he starts to realize how dependent he's become on her, and how empty his life would be without her, how much he'd miss her if she wasn't there to pick out his ties, shop for furniture together, cope with the latest business or personal catastrophe, or just exist, side by side, in life.<br />This film embraces some romantic comedy cliches and avoids others, basically making it a fresh, if somewhat predictable foray into romantic comedy-dom. I really enjoyed it, as with most of Grant & Bullock's films.. it's a great date movie and a solid entry into the romantic comedy genre. If you're in the mood for some witty one-liners and a lot of laughs, plus a cute story with well-rounded characters a la When Harry Met Sally, this one's for you.
B00005UK1F|3.0|This album has a very reserved vibe which is good and bad - good because it stays clear of self-indulgent wankfests and bad because it doesn't have any outstanding moments where the band really rocks out. The bit with the female opera singer is just grating while the exotic sitar-sounds near the end are cool but still too short and unengaging. The band seemed to play it safe when composing and recording this piece which is a shame because it could have been so much more.
B00000064E|5.0|Five Leaves Left was Nick Drake's first record, and was released in 1969. He left Cambridge to record it, a year before he would finish his degree.. but music was his love, so he followed it to London, and the rest is history. The album was titled after the saying on the inside of cigarette papers at that time -- when it said \\"Five Leaves Left,\\" it was time to buy more.<br />Where Nick Drake's second album, Bryter Layter, is very jazzy and complex, with multiple, somewhat upbeat arrangements, and Pink Moon, Nick's third album, is very stark and somewhat quiet, with really only the man and his guitar, this album, his debut, is somewhat somber, melodic, and classically-influenced, with a sort-of baroque, heavy feel. Most arrangements here were done by Nick's friend and collaborator, Robert Kirby. <br />Beginning with Time Has Told Me, a beautiful psuedo-love song with an uncharacteristic country-style twang (actually Richard Thompson on electric guitar, the Fairport Convention member being of the same band as the man who 'discovered' Nick Drake at a show, Ashley Hutchings), the album goes on its lovely course with the second track, River Man, a beautiful, lulling song which has a true feeling of motion. Some say the song might be about the river in Cambridge that one must cross to get from one part of the city/campus to another.. in any event a gorgeous, inventive song.<br />The haunting and melodic Three Hours appears next, a song written about a friend of Nick's, and featuring some great guitar work. Then comes Way to Blue, a classical, sweeping song of great beauty, it enchants with its violin arrangements.<br />Day is Done (which in the past couple of years has been covered by the talented Norah Jones) is a pretty song with wonderful guitar-work. The next track, Cello Song, is my favorite song here. It is absolutely gorgeous, from the first notes to the last, and with its intensive, rootsy percussion and full arrangements, really is a classic Drake song, up with Pink Moon, Fly and Black Eyed Dog as one of his most recognizable \\"trademark\\" songs.<br />The Thoughts of Mary Jane is a whimsical song with light wind instruments as accompaniment. An even more whimsical version appears on the 1986 cd (and part of the Fruit Tree box set), Time of No Reply. (Drake had rejected that studio version in favor of the one that appears here.)<br />Man in a Shed is a simple unrequited love song, and Fruit Tree is a brooding, almost prophetic (in Nick's case) song about post-humous fame. Like Van Gogh, Drake was destined to live his life in obscurity, the intrinsic value and beauty and importance of his art unrecognized by the world until he was gone. It is such a sad story, but the only consolation is that his music is being heard now, by more and more people all the time. And we can all hope that somewhere he can hear us saying, \\"Thank you,\\" and \\"it is so beautiful!\\" The closing song here, Saturday Sun, is a playful and pretty piano track which nicely rounds out the album. <br />All in all an interesting, multi-faceted album with depth and innovation, beauty and soul. There is something timeless here, something elemental. Those who have heard Drake's music know there is something special about it, a kind of quiet mystery which reaches into your heart and intrigues it until you find yourself just wanting to listen.. in the morning, at night, on a rainy afternoon in autumn. The mood, the essence of Drake's work just seems to suit our days here on this earth so well.. he sings of seasons, of time, of love and love lost, of hope and of friendship, of hardship and trying to overcome it, of loneliness and heartache.. the stuff of life. The mystery, the joy, the pain, the love, all of it. As we live our lives, as we do our work, as we explore and wander and inquire, as we love our loves, win sometimes and lose others, have our ups and downs, we find that music is great company, and Drake's music, and company, is some of the best. Anyone who considers buying any of Drake's albums should really consider getting Fruit Tree, which includes all four official Drake releases. Once you hear his music, anything less might not be enough. <br />Highly recommended.
B000021XS0|1.0|I'm baffled by the amount of praise this album has received from fans and critics alike. I'm even more baffled at how often the band repeats itself here. The obvious thing is this: Petrucci and Portnoy had a writer's block before recording this (and they still have). So what did they do? They came up with a concept album which is (more or less) connected with a song from their earlier, better material; this enabled the band to extensively reuse themes from that song, change a few notes here and there, tack on some indulgent instrumental wankery, put a few forgettable, soggily orchestrated ballads in between and repeat the damn thing in every possible way over and over again. Sorry people, but this has nothing to do with musical genius but rather plays like a mean prank on the loyal DT-fanbase and the ignorant mainstream masses who are searching for a good prog-rock CD.
B000002B2X|4.0|This almost all acoustic EP shows guitarist Jerry Cantrell's talent doesn't necessarily need to be loud to be appreciated. The four songs here are all very cool in a mellow sort of way. Cantrell himself sings lead on the Zeppelin influenced &quot;Brother&quot; and joins with regular singer Layne Stayley and Soundgarden's Chris Cornell on &quot;Right Turn.&quot; The swampy and ultra-catchy &quot;Got Me Wrong&quot; previews future AIC acoustic material with it's original vocal harmonies back to basics feel. The fact that this EP was never intended to sell makes it sound all that much sweeter.
B000003S0P|2.0|There are only 3 essential KC studio albums: ITCOTCK, Larks' Tongues and Discipline - each of these albums started and defined its respective Crim-era. On \\"Red\\", there is nothing the band hadn't already done before (and much better). There's none of the eKcentricy and originality of \\"Larks' Tongues, Pt. 1\\" or the genius guitar work of \\"Fracture\\" to be found here. The title track and \\"Fallen Angel\\" are downright forgettable especially with the former sharing its main riff with Yes' majestic \\"Gates Of Delirium\\" (but who ripped who?). \\"Providence\\" is one of the rather uninspiring KC improvs and \\"One More Red Nightmare\\" is what the title track should have been but still feels non-climactic. The only high-point comes at the very end. KC were never as great songwriters as the other prog-giants of the early 70s and \\"Starless\\" wouldn't prove this wrong either but it has an elegiac beauty that is rarely to be found in the Crim-cannon (and in the entire genre for that matter). KC are rather performers [than composers] who are more interested in the sounds they can create with their instruments; but \\"Red\\" shows neither inventivness nor chops nor great songwriting. It is generally praised by alt-rock poseurs who buy this and think they know everything about prog or KC and because they (believe to) hear Radiohead, Sonic Youth and even Nirvana in these songs.<br />As for KC: \\"Red\\" shows that this lineup was already done before the songs were recorded. Fripp would stretch out and explore the music world as session player for Brian Eno, Peter Gabriel, Talking Heads etc. in the late 70s/early 80s and expand his music catalogue. These experiences would be distilled in KC's explosive comeback album \\"Discipline\\"...
B00000272N|4.0|Alice In Chains debut album came along right as hair metal was dying and just before grunge was about to hit. As a result, it contains both of these elements and provides a hint at what this brilliant band was capable of. &quot;We Die Young&quot; starts off with grinding downtuned riff by guitarist Jerry Cantrell that would later become standard. &quot;Man In The Box&quot; features singer Layne Stayley wailing about censorship. Creepy, dissonant numbers like &quot;Love,Hate,Love&quot; and &quot;Confusion&quot; sound like Godsmack's primer. Stayley begins examining his heroin problem on the 80's metal-ish &quot;Put You Down&quot; and &quot;Real Thing&quot;(where he asks his rehab doctor if he can &quot;borrow 50 bucks&quot;). A decidedly dark affair that today sounds downright cheery compared to the band's later albums.
B00005B36H|4.0|If it wasn't for the last 3 songs on here - Disposition/Reflection/Triad - this would have easily been Tool's best work. Their instrumental and arrangement skills have much improved since Aenima but they also further diluted their music with other artists' influences. \\"Disposition\\" is reminiscent of Sabbath's \\"Planet Caravan\\" and \\"Reflection\\", a reworking of King Crimson's \\"The Sheltering Sky\\", goes on for much too long and never really takes off. \\"Triad\\" is superfluous, re-using the main riff of the title track and mixing in parts from several Led Zeppelin tunes (middle-section of \\"Whole Lotta Love\\", the Indian-like chants of \\"Immigrant Song\\")
6305428220|5.0|I fist watched this movie because they said Elijah Wood was in it. But he's just not in it, he's the best! I loved this because with each person being taken over by aliens, these six students have to form a tighter group of defence. Not to mention what a great plot because like Elijah said in the movie, \\"If you were going to take over the world, would you blow up the White House Independance Day style? Or would you sneak in through the back door?\\"
B000002HPT|3.0|A lot more ballads and catchy stuff than it's healthy for DT and which don't stand the test of time. &quot;New Millennium&quot; is good, &quot;Lines In The Sand&quot; even excellent. The rest is fluff.
B000000WCA|1.0|I...oh, forget it. Nobody even cares about them anymore.
B00005UEAR|1.0|It's over people. DT is done. If SFAM wasn't proof enough this is the absolute last nail in the coffin of a once great band. This directionless drivel is musical recycling at it's worst. \\"Glass Prison\\" is a jumbled mess of stolen Megadeth (\\"Disconnect\\") and Opeth riffs (\\"The Moor\\"). \\"Blind Faith\\" starts out uninteresting and at half the running time dilutes into boring fret-wanking. \\"Misunderstood\\" heavily smacks of SFAM's \\"Finally Free\\". \\"The Great Debate\\" is nothing more than a cross between Tool's \\"46&2\\" and Rush's \\"Natural Science\\" and \\"Disappear\\" is a half-assed remake of \\"Space-Dye Vest\\". It doesn't get any better on disc 2; \\"The Test That Stumped Them All\\" hijacks both Pantera's \\"By Demons Be Driven\\" and Tool's \\"Ticks & Leeches\\" and \\"Solitary Shell\\" is Peter Gabriel's \\"Solsbury Hill\\" just with different lyrics. The cheesy ouverture is the best about this epic failure.
B00007E8V4|5.0|Okay, I admit it, Toxicity is truly SOAD's swan song (thus far, anyway), but this one is definitely SOAD, and any SOAD fan can tell you it's great.<br />I would give you a rundown on each track, but most of the reviews on here have already done that for you, so it would just be redundant. Instead, I will touch on some of my favorite tracks:<br />BUBBLES is pure SOAD. Fast, short, sweet, silly, loud, and to the point.<BR>ADD showcases SOAD's political views on their Armenian brethren. Consider this the voice for the voiceless. Oh yeah, and the song itself kicks.<BR>MR. JACK is sort of this album's &quot;Spiders&quot; or &quot;Toxicity&quot;. Starts off soft, then bludgeons you with loud choruses, complete with Serj's famous wails, then building up to a loud, amazing, climactic ending.<BR>I-E-A-I-A-I-O is pure SOAD wackiness. The lyrics are political tongue-twisters. If anyone knows what this song actually means, please let me know.<BR>HIGHWAY SONG is sort of a ballad too, with thoughtful lyrics and a good guitar solo.<BR>THETAWAVES...now that's bouncy. It's fun and catchy as well.<BR>ROULETTE is SOAD...ACOUSTIC? Yes, you read that right. And wow...they do a damn good job of it, as well.<br />Most of the songs on here are great (with a dud here and there, but that's okay). If you like SOAD's first two, then click &quot;Buy Now&quot; and start that fantastic buildup of anticipation.
B000069AUI|5.0|I'll never forget the 1st time I listened to the track 'Politik'. In all of its lush splendour as Chris Martin soulfully beckoned &quot;give me love over desire&quot; as the organ and drums slowly built to an operatic crescendo, one that proved that there is still some sort of God that can bestow such beautiful sounds upon the human ear, my eyes welled up with tears of joy, great sorrow and the kind of emotion that only the greatest of heartbreaks or triumphs could evoke out of a human soul. This was only a prelude to the kind of ride that this album will take you on. If you actually FEEL music as well as listen to it... BUY THIS ALBUM. If you just listen to music as bakground noise... do me a favor, leave it on the shelf so someone who will appreciate it can pick it up, because this album is way over your head...
B000009CEM|5.0|Make no mistake, my friends: this is NOT another baggy-pants, backwards baseball cap, &quot;Yo Punk!&quot; nu-metal album. This is heavy industrial METAL with a sci-fi story to back it up.<br />In a way, this CD would make a great soundtrack to the Terminator trilogy: cold, heartless, heavy, machine-laden music telling the story of the EDGECRUSHER: a cold, heartless, machine that was &quot;percieved in hell beyond your depth of perception&quot;. My favorite songs on here include Shock, Edgecrusher, Smasher/Devourer (which describe the T-800 to a T), Securitron (Police State 2000), Resurrection, and Cars. Most of the songs on here are good, but there is a dud or two. But we'll all survive.<br />Burton's voice can go from beautiful singing to a deafening roar, Dino's guitar buzzes like a metal factory, Christian's bass gives the music backbone, and Raymond's double-bass kicks gives it more of an industrial edge. It makes for one hell of an album.<br />All in all, you need to have this one. Especially if NIN and Ministry are your ideas of ear candy.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I \\"found\\" Firefly by accident last fall.  Lost in the avalanche of mind-numbing new fall shows (98% of which weren't worth a first glance, let alone a second one) and poorly advertised, Fox had done nothing to build my interest in watching this particular series.  However, one Friday evening I turned on the television while finishing whatever it was I was doing around the house.  It didn't matter what channel was on, it was mostly just on for the noise.  But I took a first glance.   And then a second one.  And then I stopped whatever it was I was doing, and sat down, and started watching.  I couldn't stop.  <br />Firefly caught my interest as no new series has since Stargate SG-1.  Yet I had been anticipating Stargate SG-1, whereas Firefly came out of the blue ... or perhaps I should say \\"out of the black\\".  And Firefly is not at all comparable to Stargate SG-1.  In fact, I can't compare it with anything I've ever seen.  Firefly is new and innovative.  It is a series that gives you the unexpected - a true feat in this era in which every network simply wants to bombard us viewers with the latest hit craze.   Firefly makes you stop and think, yet doesn't overload your brain as some high-tech, hard-core Sci-Fi can.  <br />If you're not a Sci-Fi fan, you could still love Firefly.  It's not about intergalactic travel and aliens and laser guns.  It's not about special effects (though it does a fine job in that arena when necessary).   It's about people - `Real', three-dimensional people, with conflicting motivations and secrets and emotions we may or may not always understand, depending on what the story has revealed to us.  It's about relationships, both good and bad.  It's about trying to make a living, or simply trying to stay alive.  And sometimes, as the episode \\"Jaynestown\\" shows us, it's about the muddy reality that exists behind legends.  <br />Watch it.  You won't regret it.  And if you really want to know who these people are, these nine folks brought together by coincidence to form a misfit sort of family, watch \\"Out of Gas\\" - the best episode of the best series I have ever seen
B00005N5S5|5.0|Everybody has at least heard of the Terminator. Everybody at least knows the lines \\"I'll Be Back\\" or \\"Hasta La Vista, Baby\\". Everybody knows Arnold as the tough metallic T-800. This is the movie that started it all back in 1984, and IMHO, is the best one in the great trilogy.<br />Los Angeles, 2029: We happen upon what used to be the well-known thriving city in California. Instead, it is a desolate pile of rubble and human skulls, and the machines are taking over. But the few humans left still fight. The human resistance is led by John Connor. So, Skynet (the ultra-powerful computer in charge) sends the T-800 (The Terminator) back in time to 1984 to kill John's mother, Sarah, before John is born, to prevent his birth/existance. But the human resistance sends back a soldier, Kyle Reese, to protect Sarah so John will be born and the human resistance can still fight on.<br />This movie is fun, scary, funny, and it grabs your interest from the very first five minutes and does not let go. It also has many intricate plot twists, so play close attention. As Rich Eisen (ESPN) said in \\"I Love The '80s\\", it's a fun story. And it is. It really helped to make sci-fi thrillers what it is today.<br />So in closing, if you're a little sick of the sad excuse for action movies today (most of which featuring Vin Diesel...ugh), you have to get this one. I guarantee you'll love it.
6305077630|4.0|One look at the cover art of this movie and one can see that the movie is totally silly; read the synopsis on the back (yes, they do create a women on a computer) and your first instinct may be to put that movie right back on the shelf. But as ridiculus as it may seem - and, indeed, is - \\"Weird Science\\" is one of the most genuinely enjoyable films to come out of the 80's. And really, why do people love 80's comedies so much in the first place? It has nothing to do with poignancy, beleive me. This film is funny as hell, colorful, shallow, and entirely whatchable. Brat-pack fans will enjoy Micheal-Halls very politically-incorrect pimp impression (fabulous), and Mitchell-Smith's adorable awe at the events changing his life. Kelly LeBrock is gorgeous even with hair teased within an inch of it's life, but as a women, I can tolerate her because of the take-charge, fearless attitude she adds to her seemingly \\"sex-toy\\" character. If you want to have fun, rent this film (don't buy this grotesquely over-priced DVD)and forget about depth. If you can't, forget about the 80's.
0517123207|4.0|On the Origin of Species is perhaps the best known (but least understood) book of the modern age.  I say least understood, because Darwin advances several theories (all relating to) evolution.  It is a fascinating read, and a marvelous experience to &quot;peek&quot; into the mind of a genius.<br />First, Darwin's theories are about natural selection, adaptation, extinction, species variation, and significantly, a common ancestor - all of which are a part of the bigger picture, that all life has evolved and is continuing to evolve.  His evidence is overwhelming (it had to be in order to advance such radical ideas) and, for lack of a better word, brilliant.<br />Much has been made about religion and evolution - which is why I mentioned that his theories are not well understood.  At no point is God (or a Supreme Being, or whatever you want to call it) mentioned, let alone removed from Darwin's theory (regardless of how you feel about the matter.)  Yet it is these theories that have laid the ground work for entire disciplines of science, and which has revolutionized science as a whole.<br />With that said, the book tends to beat the points to death a bit.  (Again, understandable given the magnitude of the ideas), but the lay reader can get a good flavor of the arguments, and the evidence about a third of the way through.  Its interesting, to be sure, but a bit dry, which is why I can only give it 4 stars.
B00001MXXH|5.0|I will fearlessly state that \\"Ferris Beuler's Day Off\\" is not only the best teen film of the 80's, but by far the best teen film of all time. It is irrecognizable as a teen film today, compared with the vile crap Hollywood passes of as \\"fun\\" every summer. Indeed, most adults of this generation adore this movie just as much as teen fans. I can't beleive anyone hasn't seen this movie, and if you haven't, stop reading reviews for it and rent the damn thing! Matthew Broderick will instantly charm you in his portrayal of the rather magical high school senior who leads his friends on a youthful adventure through Chicago... on a school day! Alan Ruck is \\"depressingly\\" supreme as Cameron, Jeffery Jones is hilarious as the nasty, obsessive principal out to ruin Ferris's fun, and Jennifer Gray will have you quoting her famously vulgar insults (bite the big one, junior). Ben Stein and Charlie Sheen are perfect camoeos.<BR>   For anyone who ever wanted to defy the school system, give the finger to authority, and have a the quintessential day off, rent Ferris Bueler with some high school friends and smile.
B000068PQ0|4.0|This record is really great. For someone that really never listened to the Flaming Lips before, I was very suprised by it. I knew them from &quot;She Don't Use Jelly&quot; but that was it. I decided to check this out because it was supposed to be great. All the hype is completely warranted. This is one of those albums that you really cannot describe or categorize properly. It reminds me in a way of Clinton's album &quot;Disco and the Halfway to Discontent.&quot; I hope that people will discover this album because it is a gem.
0451191153|1.0|The &quot;To be Fairs&quot;<BR>- I was unable to bring myself to actually finish this book.<BR>- I don't know anything about architecture.<BR>- I don't know much about the general attitudes towards non-conformity at the time the book was written, as I was not yet born.<br />  That much said,  I found this book to be dreadful.  <br />  I feel that I can generally overlook my personal feelings on a given &quot;philosopy&quot; and appreciate the depth of thought that another person has put into his/her ideals.  I simply found Ms. Rand to have a sophmoric lack of depth.<BR> <BR>  The template Rand used to exemplify her philosophy was architecture.  I found it insulting that Rand expects her readers to accept classical architecture as inherently evil simply because it is aestheticly pleasing to most people (popular).  &quot;What's popular is not always right&quot;, but this is a bit extreme.  I realize architecture is not the beginning and end of Rand's Objectivism; I think only that she could have used a basis for argument that is (ouch) a bit MORE controversial (after all, her philosophy is controversial in the extreme- why not go for the gusto??).<br /> The main character, Roark is repugnantly unlikeable (I won't hash into this subject as it has been well addressed in other reviews).  Which makes the book difficult to read.  Those who are obstinant for the sake of obstinance alone (teenagers mostly) may identify more with Roark and find this book to be &quot;profound&quot;.  Well good for them, everyone is entitled to his/her own opinion (  : )Tee hee).<BR> <BR>  My advice is this: If you want to read philosophy on individualism through thought and self-discovery, read Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse.  If you want to know what self-serving behavior REALLY is (objectively) read The Moral Animal: Evolutionary Psychology and Everyday Life by Robert Wright, you may be surprised.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw's album &quot;Chariot&quot; is filled with emotional lyrics and inspiring sounds.  It is definetly one of the this years best albums.  Gavin's voice is the most heavenly sound that you'll ever hear. With his musical ability and his darling voice he is destined for future success.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw is an incredibly talented singer/songwriter. All songs are from the heart and everyone can relate to them. &quot;Follow Through&quot;, &quot;Just Friends&quot;, even &quot;Overrated&quot; are songs that tug at your heart and have you singing them over and over. Not too &quot;poppy&quot; or mainstream. Overall, a good range in melodies. If you like John Mayer, you'll love Gavin!!
B0000A1RJI|4.0|As I watched Pirates of the Caribbean, (solid Summer blockbuster fun!), I thought that I had the composer of the music pegged: Hans Zimmer.  Much to my surprise, as the credits rolled, Klaus Badelt's name shows up under the music.  However, as the Amazon review points out, Mr. Zimmer is attached to the flim in a supervisory role, (heck, it's a Bruckheimer flick - Zimmer has to be in there somewhere.<br />As you listen to this bombasitc soundtrack, you'll hear elements of \\"Gladiator\\" and \\"Crimson Tide,\\" as well as other Zimmer trademarks.  I've never heard Badelt's work before, (as far as I know), but I'm sure that he contributed something to the score.  <br />Bottom line - if you like Zimmer's work, you'll love Pirates of the Caribbean.  It's the perfect score to go with a perfect popcorn movie.
B000089RVX|5.0|Definitely the best album of the last few years.<br />&quot;Evanescence - Fallen&quot; is one of those rare albums that you can listen to entirely without skipping any song.<br />Just buy it! I bet you won't regret it.
B00005MAM2|1.0|Akira is the most OVER RATED anime ever!<BR> It starts good with biker gangs and the story starts decently but why is it name Akira, Akira is in the move for like 15 seconds and towards the end all you see is Tetsuo blowing stuff up with some really annoying voice in the background going BA BA!trying to sound scary! See Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away, or Cowboy Bebop the movie instead, Akira is a waste of plastic!
0446677450|1.0|I bought this book, despite the distain I felt for its title, in the hope of some financial guidance. I found the advice given sound but simplistic. Put what you earn into assets and limit your liabilities. Very sound advice, but as the author admits the hard part is knowing the difference between the two. While reading this book a sad hollow feeling began to grow in my gut and I realized this book was more of a guide to a shallow life without passion for truly meaningful things. It's even sadder to think that it's a best seller and someone might actually use this book as a guide to life.
B00009ATIX|3.0|A previous reviewer called this film haunting, which I agree with, though I also found it incoherent and pretentious, trying to do daring things with the absence of narrative and sadly failing.<br />George Clooney does an admirable job in this film, which I saw when it was first released in theaters, and Natasha McElhone and he do a wonderful job developing into a believable, flawed set of lovers onscreen.<br />Though \\"science fiction\\" in its essence, Steven Soderbergh's SOLARIS is mostly unconcerned by the fact that it takes place in space. The planet Solaris is a plot device, not a menacing thing, that allows the human drama involving Clooney and his resurrected wife to unfold.<br />I've not seen the original, and I'm aware that the film is exactly supposed to not completely tie all of its plot elements together. That said, I don't know why they would introduce characters only to abandon them, plot points only to not fully explain them. The ending, though apt and eventually undersandable, seems disturbingly abrupt.<br />This movie doesn't have the staying power you'd hope it would when you leave the theater. You get the feeling that, instead of answers being there for you to find, there's nothing to figure out, nothing to add. And I found that really disappointing.
B000002J23|5.0|I enjoy this album. It's not my first choice of Yes albums but it fills a gap and is different from any other Yes album. It really is somewhat of a missing link between the 70's and 80's versions of Yes. The music itself is very good; messers Howe, Squire and White worked up some truly great instrumentals and playing. The opener Machine Messiah and the closer Tempus Fugit are both superb and moving numbers. Overall Drama feels cohesive and well-shaped almost like a concept album, not scattered or trying to cover too many styles. Perhaps that had something to do with Horn's production hand.<BR>Understandably some may argue whether or not a Yes album without Jon Anderson is a Yes album at all. I find Drama to be a pleasingly diversive alternative to the other Yes albums due to it's short lived lineup. Trevor Horn's lyrics and vocals work well in this project and and contribute to the overall painting and (modern)moodiness of Drama. And Chris Squire's vocal contributions abound same as on all Yes albums.<BR>More than one album may have been overkill for this version of Yes but it's still more appealing and actualy sounds less dated than the Trevor Rabin lineup of the band that followed.<br />While other releases like The Yes Album, Yes or Fragile get played more often, I still end up listening to Drama in it's entirity every once in a while and it takes me to a place that other Yes albums don't.<BR>Above all the playing and arrangments of Howe, Squire and White are affective, pleasing and impressive.
630521610X|5.0|First of, SCREAM, is the movie that brought horror back to the screen. It is the hightl;ey original story of a small California town brought to the edge by a series of grusome and mysterious deaths. A group of horror film fans find themselves in the center of the mess as their friends and classmates fall victm to a masked killer. Yes it may sound familair (Halloween, Friday the 13th etc.) but it its one, its more realistic then the otehrs and so clever and hip. As a young girl named Cidy Presscott finds hereself connected to the gruseome killer she stops at nothing to survive yet eventually find whosebehind the mask. Teh opening sceing with Drew Berrymoore is possibley one of cinema's most feverishly scary and horrific moments. Due to Scary Movie and otehr parodies they scence has lost its full 100% scare but it'll never lose all of it. Even a die hard hoor buff can't denie how scary movies. Scream is truley a masterpice in film history.
B00005JLSE|5.0|The line in the movie, Chicago, does not refer to the State of Illinois in the number of women executed.  It states \\"Cook County.\\"  And since your research finds no women executed in Cook County prior to this, then it is actually historically accurate.  I have seen this stunning movie 6 times and can hardly wait until August 19th.
B00009V8Z9|4.0|Gavin is very amazing and the whole CD is a great listen. He is a very talented singer and I can see that his career will go very far!!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Why is everyone complaining that this movie is not historically accurate?? Who cares, it's a movie, not an encyclopedia. Strong performances by evereyone particularly by Crowe and Phoenix. Even though its 155 minutes long, it keeps you interested with amazing battle scenes and well written plot.<br />Everytime I watch it, only one word comes to mind: Stunning.. This is one of the all time greats
B00005JLRT|5.0|I was VERY pleased at how well 'Nemesis' turned out on so many different levels.  I was skeptical at first when I heard that Brent Spiner (Data) had a part in the script, after all, who could forget William Shatner's dismal storyline for Trek V The Final Frontier (I'll give him credit however, his novels have been surprisingly excellent).<br />'Nemesis' is about discovery.  We find out about a whole new race of humanoids known as 'Remens' who are basically slaves to the Romulans.  After hatching a diabolical scheme to eliminate the leaders of the Romulan Senate, one particular Reman takes over and has an ultimate goal of destruction on quite a grand scale.  The major twist to this story is his relationship with Picard (MUCH closer than you might think--unless you've read the novel or seen the movie).<br />Along the way we find yet another reincarnation of Data, an even earlier version, kind of like a Stupid Data--but likeable.  I found one part difficult to swallow--especially in light of today's special effects: the Superman scene with Data flying from the Enterprise to the Reman starship through space...sorry, but THAT looked cheesy.  Other than that, I must say this was a VERY good story which contained a reunion at the beginning which included Wesley Crusher and even Guinan (you'll have to see it to appreciate it) although it was cut TOO short and for the most part the cameo's were useless since they never got a chance to do or say anything, but it WAS nice to see them all together.<br />It's sad to think that this was the last of the Next Generations Movies, although if history is ANY indication, never say NEVER.  Will we ever see Data again?  I think they certainly leave it open for a return in the future should the cast ever agree to do an additional film, but I'm not holding my breath.  Action, humor and an all-around great plot make this superior in EVERY way to 'Insurrection' which was nothing more than a weak 60 minute episode stretched impossibly thin to create a feature-length movie.  I'd say overall, this was the best NEXT Gen movie and a worthy addition to the Trek Universe.hin to create a feature-length movie.  I'd say overall, this was the best NEXT Gen movie and a worthy addition to the Trek Universe.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|If you like music, any kind, get this great CD! His smooth voice and great lyrics make this CD my favorite already. Gavin writes his own lyrics and music, something so many musicians don't do. Listen closely to the lyrics, Chemical Party will make you laugh and if you have ever moved too fast on that crush, Crush will be all too familiar with you. Don't waste another minute, get this CD!
B00003CY0U|5.0|I found &quot;Swordfish&quot;, aside from its predictable ending, to be an enjoyable action ride from beginning to end.<BR>Jackman, Travolta, Berry and Cheadle are all very watchable in this movie. Being a fan of the pure-escape action genre ( I refer to Bruce Willis' classics as the &quot;Die-Hard Trilogy&quot; ), I can only assume that those that pan &quot;Swordfish&quot; are not fans of the genre to begin with.
0316779237|4.0|This book is an excellent collection of some of Sedaris' earlier works, and the story for which the book is named is one of his best. But beware, if you are already familiar with Sedaris you may have already read this one without knowing it; all of the stories contained within appear either in Naked or Barrel Fever.
B000002R48|4.0|The music on this album is some of the most progressive that DT has done.  The musicianship is excellent as always.  In fact, Mike Portnoy sounds just as good then as he does now.  The best songs are \\"Ytse Jam\\", \\"Only a Matter of Time\\", and \\"Afterlife\\".  The reason I don't mention \\"The Killing Hand\\" or \\"Fortune in Lies\\" is because I've heard their live renditions with Labrie on \\"Live at the Marquee\\", and they are absolutely superior to the studio versions on this disc.  There are a few probs with this album, even with it being a first effort.  Production, it sucks.  The instruments are balanced terribly.  Bass is too loud, guitar is too quiet etc.  \\"Ytse Jam\\" is the only song that was recorded and mixed properly.  They really needed a producer like David Prater on this album.  Second problem, Charlie Dominici.  His voice is very subpar.  He has no bite, emotion, or power.  I would give anything for DT to re-record this album completely with Labrie, but my wishing is most likely in vain.  All said, this album is very enjoyable and certainly led to bigger and better things.
B00009V7T2|5.0|...<br />I don't care how tired anyone gets about hearing this album being compared to ATDI's work. ITS GOING TO HAPPEN.  DITC is so amazing, the word that I would use is ORIGINAL. Cedric Bixler Zavala and Omar Rodriguez-Lopez have put this band together as a side project while they were in ATDI. When they split (Yes it was extremely sad, but done) They devoted themselves to TMV (Not Mars Volta but THE Mars Volta). They sound nothing like ATDI, and if you were expecting that, then, I guess your disappointed huh? I think Cedric and Omar have grown beyond ATDI and with the most talented musicians have become a force that can't be stopped. I know most everyone checked out TMV becuse of their work in ATDI, thats probably most of their fan base. But most of them were probably very upset with the funky psychadelic sound. I personally think its clever and really sets them apart from the rest. Because they are innovative and different they will never hit mainstream and be listened to by the MTV people who believe pop is great... I really think most people can not handle the emotion and the heavyness of the words. They speak volumes that take many listens to understand it all. The greatest thing about this album is that it flows together so well, that you barely register that it is on a new song. It has the best instrumental parts that let you imagine and feel free...
B00006AFUR|5.0|They are the best band i have ever heard. Their live shows are some of the best ever, and their talent exceeds all expectations i had for them. Visit their site to buy cool stuff and meet other fans.
B000089CJI|4.0|I picked this up after hearing &quot;Such Great Heights&quot; on the VW Beetle/iPod &quot;pods unite&quot; website.<br />It's quirky and a good mix of moods. I've enjoyed it.
B000069AUI|4.0|Slick, careful production, with really nice mixing which gives plenty of room to the bass really got me into this. The melodies grab you, Chris Martin's voice is really sexy and the lyrics are thought through. Politik, The Scientist and Clocks really stand out as tracks - especially Politik with its excellently arranged and produced haunting IVmaj-Imin cadence. Cool.
B00007B6RW|3.0|This second album has Pink do a 360 from her last album to a pop rock album as opposed to her &quot;There You Go&quot; , &quot;Most Girls&quot; , &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot; album,  now here she is singing stronger tunes about  her life and people around her that she just doesnt wanna deal with.  This is a great cd to listen to when you are mad at someone or do not wanna deal with problems especially when you are angry.  &quot;Like A Pill&quot;, &quot;Get The Party Started&quot; , &quot;Don't Let Me Get Me&quot; , and &quot;Family Portrait&quot; are some of the highlights on this album.  The DVD is fun too, it has live performances which surprised me becasue i did not know she could sing that well and two bonus videos.  I admit in my &quot;Don't Let Me Get Me&quot; video loses part of the sound near the beggining of the song as if the sound drops.  Other than that this is a great buy for your money.  The DVD alone is also sold if you already have the album, as a DVD single.
6305907145|1.0|I may be wrong, but if you you admire Jane Austen's works, full of inimitable wit, intelligent character descriptions, stunning phrasing and wonderfully crafted dialogue, I do not think you will like this movie.  Again, I may be wrong.  I am not here to review the movie for you.  Only to spare you a couple of bucks on a movie rental if you are one of those people who would prefer a movie that adopts the name, characters, etc. of a classic work such as Mansfield Park to be much, much more similar to the original work.  (Whether or not the movie claims to be based on the novel, as I have understood it is not referenced in the actual film.  Here I may be wrong as well.)  I think my favorite Austen work ventured on film would be the BBC version of Pride and Predjudice all though it is not the only one I think well done.  Hope this review helps someone.  :)
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Mesmerizing lyrics, hypnotic vocals and precise performance are a few of the ways to describe Gavin DeGraw's debut album, Chariot.  The tracks on this diverse CD have the ability to catch your attention and latch you in for the ride.  Gavin's lyrics take you on a ride through love, heartbreak and fun times.  His voice will send chills throught your body, and the music will leave you yearning for more. Chariot, by Gavin DeGraw proves to be a well rounded compilation.
B0000039QA|5.0|Who eva dont give this cd a 5 stars doesnt know tight rap.  This cd is one of the tightest cd i own, if you want a bombass cd this where it at.
B00005JLEU|5.0|this movie is great and its good for kids too you can get this and not have to worry about anything bad. its a really cute movie everyone in the family can enjoy
B00005JMC6|4.0|Although I did not share the unbridled enthusiasm of several other reviewers for this film, I still strongly recommend it and understand why it strikes a responsive chord in so many people. It is a wonderful fable for our times, and simply yet emotionally tells a story that can deeply reasonate. However, while allegories such as WHALE RIDER allow the expression of powerful truths about our actions and existence, but also contain the problems inherent in the simplification engendered by such generalizations. The reviews of Shashank Tripathi (6/8/03), Joe Haschka (6/26/03)  and Laon (6/23/03) discuss this movie so articulately and mirror many of my feelings so well that I refer you to them and for for a more lengthy discusion of this film and the insights which they provide and with which I generally concur.<br />Keisha Castle-Hughes is Pai, a young girl whose mother and twin brother (and presumptive male heir who would revive his Maori's tribes fortunes in the tradition of the legendary WHALE RIDER) die in childbirth. Her grandfather, the Maori chief Koro (played by Rawiri Paratene), cannot see beyond his grief and bring himself to realize that the hope he had for his grandson to become his tribe's leader could be fulfilled by Pai. He loves Pai but is continually frustrated by her desire to step outside his traditional conception of her role; and she is deply hurt by his rejection of her attempts to learn the skills he wants her contemporary male counterpatrs to master. Koro and his wife Nanny (wonderfully played by Vicky Haughton with some of the real moments of humor coming from her performance) are raising Pai because her father and Koro's eldest son (Cliff Curtis) left New Zealand to escape the weight of his father's disappointment and his wife's death. The story is told as a straightforward narrative, but all the performances are very powerful. Castle-Hughes is amazing in her film debut, the moviegoer clearly is drawn into the story through her ability to seemingly relate to you from the screen. And the backdrop of the magnificent New Zealand coastal countryside is a visual treat.<br />At its simplest, this is about the universal themes of Girl Power, societal changes and the intergenerational conflicts that often result, progress vs. tradition, the nature of love, and the role that fate plays in our lives. However, my enthusiasm was tempered by a few factors. First, I found a liitle of the dialog difficult to understand, which both made the film slightly less enjoyable and meant that I might have missed some of the subtleties involved. Second, while it is a wonderful story the stubbornness of Koro seemed somewhat overdone in order to dramatize his conflict with Pai; the viewer understood the point without constantly being beat over the head about it. Last, the climactic ending seemed a little contrived and perhaps not totally true to the story, both to make writer-director Caro's point and perhaps also because messages of uplift, hope and redemption have a wider audience appeal than ambiguous or downbeat endings. But despite these criticisms I want to emphasize that this film suceeds in its goal; it is an enjoyable story with excellent performances that leaves the audience uplifted as it exits the theater.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I started watching Firefly on Fox this past fall (2002), and I found it to be the most unique show on television in a very long time.  This series has extraordinary characters, witty dialogue, outstanding plot and incredible special effects.  I was really disappointed to find out there were only 15 episodes filmed.  I would recommend this series to anybody who enjoys intelligent scripts and unforgettable characters.  This one is truly a winner.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The music is so captivating and moving- truly a masterpiece. If you loved the movie, you'll love the soundtrack - and even if you didn't like the movie the soundtrack still rocks! This is a must-have for your movie scores collection!
630529142X|5.0|While The Wedding Singer will probably always be my favorite Adam Sandler movie, The Waterboy is by far his funniest, and I think I actually enjoy this film more each time I watch it.  It is the perfect answer for a bad day, as not only is it hilarious and uplifting, it lets you take out some of your own pent-up aggression with each powerful hit Bobby Boucher (Sandler) makes out on the football field.  Bobby represents everyone who has ever been excluded, picked on, or ridiculed.  While he is not an intellectual giant and does not possess what you call people skills, his kind and simple nature makes him a man among men even before he finds stardom on the gridiron.  The boy certainly loves his mama, and Kathy Bates shines in her role as the overprotective, quirky, slightly touched in the head Helen Boucher.  If anyone ever questioned Bates' ability to do comedy, this movie should banish all doubts.  Fairuza Balk is strangely beguiling as Vicki Vallencourt, a \\"bad girl\\" who has long had an interest in Bobby over his mothers objections, and the two make a really strange yet somehow logical couple.  Bobbys mother describes Vicki as \\"the devil,\\" but of course she considers just about every person on the planet besides herself and Bobby to be \\"the devil.\\"<br />Bobbys real passion in life is his job as waterboy for the local college football team, a real powerhouse coached by Coach Red Beaulieu (Jerry Reed).  When he gets fired, he goes seeking water management employment at South Central Louisiana State University, a legendarily bad team coached by Coach Klein, a very un-Fonzie-like Henry Winkler.  When Coach Klein convinces Bobby to defend himself against the taunts of team members, he finds himself looking at a natural-born linebacker.  Mama does not want her son playing \\"foosball,\\" but what Mama does not know won't hurt her (Bobby ingeniously blames all of the cuts and scrapes he acquires during the season on an escaped gorilla).  He records a record-shattering sixteen quarterback sacks in his first game, drawing national attention from the real-life sportscasters of ESPN.  A magical season unfolds at SCLSU, setting up a Bourbon Bowl meeting of the little college who could and mean old Coach Beaulieus undefeated championship squad.  At this point, certain complications arise, a secret history between Coaches Beaulieu and Klein is revealed, and SCLSU's dream season stands on the point of suddenly becoming a nightmare.<br />This is not a high-brow comedy, but there is nothing wrong with corny comedy as long as it is funny, and The Waterboy is, to repeat myself, hilarious.  Football fans will definitely get a kick out of the way Bobby just destroys his opponents on the field, using several moves that you will not see in the NFL any time soon in the process (certainly not more than once).  Perhaps overlooked in the midst of all the comedy is a more serious theme, however.  This movie is a story of overcoming obstacles, believing in yourself, and redemption, not just for the ultimate underdog Bobby Boucher but for his mother, Coach Klein, and several other characters.  You almost have to feel pumped up and happy in the end, and that counts for a lot in and of itself.  Sometimes the good guys do come out on top, or so most of us like to believe in order to get through each day.  The Waterboy helps us keep our faith and inspires us to rise above all of the bad things in life and concentrate on such simple yet important matters as family, friendship, love, and always doing your best.g sixteen quarterback sacks in his first game, drawing national attention from the real-life sportscasters of ESPN.  A magical season unfolds at SCLSU, setting up a Bourbon Bowl meeting of the little college who could and mean old Coach Beaulieus undefeated championship squad.  At this point, certain complications arise, a secret history between Coaches Beaulieu and Klein is revealed, and SCLSU's dream season stands on the point of suddenly becoming a nightmare.  <br />This is not a high-brow comedy, but there is nothing wrong with corny comedy as long as it is funny, and The Waterboy is, to repeat myself, hilarious.  Football fans will definitely get a kick out of the way Bobby just destroys his opponents on the field, using several moves that you will not see in the NFL any time soon in the process (certainly not more than once).  Perhaps overlooked in the midst of all the comedy is a more serious theme, however.  This movie is a story of overcoming obstacles, believing in yourself, and redemption, not just for the ultimate underdog Bobby Boucher but for his mother, Coach Klein, and several other characters.  You almost have to feel pumped up and happy in the end, and that counts for a lot in and of itself.  Sometimes the good guys do come out on top, or so most of us like to believe in order to get through each day.  The Waterboy helps us keep our faith and inspires us to rise above all of the bad things in life and concentrate on such simple yet important matters as family, friendship, love, and always doing your best.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|Yes, I said Mediterranean on purpose. Although being a truly spectacular score, so was &quot;Gladiator&quot;, which was actually nominated for an Oscar (although it didn't win). The reason I mention &quot;Gladiator&quot; is that the score to that movie was composed by Hans Zimmer (Gladiator, The Rock, Crimson Tide), who is now the head of a company called Media Ventures, which is basically his own little army of composers. Pirates was composed by Klaus Badelt, also a member of Media Ventures. This score is basically a re-iteration of Gladiator, as many of the cues are simply variations of Zimmer's previous themes. However, that is not nessicarily a bad thing. Badelt's score reeks of Zimmeresque percussion and militaristic themes, setting the stage for a truly epic score which fits perfectly the magic of action blockbuster wizard Jerry Bruckheimer. &quot;The Medallion Calls&quot; showcases the triumphant side of the score, while the track &quot;He's a Pirate&quot; single handidly brings together the heart-stopping action of the scores most predominant themes (echoed throughout the CD on tracks such as &quot;Skull and Crossbones&quot;, and &quot;Bootstrap's Bootstraps&quot;), and will have you listening on the edge of your seat, that is, if you're not running around your house with an eye-patch and a ruler in hand locked in an epic duel with imaginary pirates. All in all, if you're a big fan of Mr. Zimmer's music, or just love action scores in general, pick this up. It's definitley worth every penny. Arr!
B00005JLZN|5.0|The Life of David Gale is an amazingly intense movie that keeps the viewer on the edge of their seat.  The performances from Kevin Spacey, Laura Linney and Kate Winslet are incredible.  This movie has so  many twists and turns up until the fabulous, shocking conclusion!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This album is all that I hoped for and more! If you like soulful ,powerful vocal stylings, Gavin will not disappoint. Chariot takes some of the best selections from Gavin's repertoire and reworks them in classic Gavin style.  Some of my  personal favorites are \\"Just Friends\\" &  \\"More Than Anyone\\" both of which really showcase Gavin's musical prowess.    Keep your eyes on this one folks, because he's about to blow up!!!!
0446310786|4.0|To Kill A Mockingbird makes its mark mostly through illustrating small southern life in Alabama and exposing the reader to the prejudices that pervade not only the 1930s but the times we live in.  The story is told through the eyes of Jean Louise Finch (also known as Scout), and, as a child of only eight, she shares (in looking back) her ideas of family life and the rich history of Maycomb. <br />Harper Lees depiction of 1930s South racial prejudice is a powerful one. Atticus Finch is clearly the hero of the novel,  defending a black man on trial for raping a white woman.  A widowed father, he teaches Jem (his son) and Scout lessons in life, one of the most paramount being to walk in anothers shoes to understand life from their viewpoint. Jem and Scout take many of these lessons in stride and try to impress upon themselves being civilized and respectful all of society. <br />Another aspect of the novel is the mystery surrounding Boo Radley and his spooky house.  Boo Radley represents all the bad rumors of the Maycomb community, and yet, most of these are unjustifiable. Scout, Jem and their friend Dill are obsessed with discovering exactly who Boo is. <br />Although the novel is primarily small town in nature, the themes encompass everything we deal with today as a society, namely discrimination and prejudice. Through the trial of Tom Robinson, we see Atticus worthy of great respect for standing up to the ideas of a narrowed-minded community. The Finch family also must deal with the man whose daughter is the alleged victim in the case, Bob Ewell. (Bob Ewell represents the ignorance of a small town). <br />Perhaps what makes the book timeless is not only its theme in the general sense, but the final speech by Atticus during the closing arguments. This oration is built up over a long trial, and it is worthy of the time it takes to get there. (Although, I think Gregory Peck made this scene come to life more in the movie). <br />A reader may frown atthe many tidbits of detail given to establishing the Southern way of life, especially in the initial chapters, but the book progresses to a point where the reader wants to know the fate of Tom Robinson, Atticus and the rest of the Finches. This book is a classic because it delves into modern topics, a central issues that certainly we all must come to terms with: discrimination and lack of equality.
0385504209|3.0|Forget the controversy surrounding the origins and credibility of the Catholic religion.  The Da Vinci Code is an engaging read from a historical and symbological standpoint that clearly places it a cut above you're average 'thriller.'  The book makes you think, much more so than the usual formula employed in a James Patterson novel (Patterson, by the way, is very entertaining, he just doesn't require you to think, his stories just activate the DVD player in your brain.)<br />All of the elements of the classic good vs. evil formula are present.  The religion thing just adds to the engagement and complexity of the story.  There are endless historical examples of demonizing a defeated cultures religion in favor of the culture who defeated it.  In Thailand, in the city of Attullyla (spelling? it's right outside of Bangkok), was left in state after an anti-Buddist battle in the 14th century.  What is interesting is how the victor (the anti-Buddists) cut off all the heads of the Budda statues inside of the defeated city, as if to say \\"My God is more powerful, better than your god...\\"<br />The analogy to the book is Mary Magdalene casting in history as a whore, when the book states she was Jesus' spouse before modern catholism rewrote religious history and demonized Mary Magdalene as a prostitute... This element is sure to raise controversy in Catholic circles.<br />Though I highly recommend the book, I do agree that the it is a bit long at points, and could have been pared down.  Dan Brown's prose reminds me of early John Grisham works, circa \\"The Firm\\", fabulous story, but bad prose in the moments of climax never seem to make you say \\"wooow!\\" In fact, there are at times when he builds it up to point where you're waiting for the 'wow' that never comes.<br />Bottom line, very worthwhile, typical elements, creative story.
B000089RVX|5.0|At first I thought Evanescence was just another rock band, nothing special...probably cause I listen to mostly rap.  But once I heard &quot;Bring Me to Life&quot; I got the CD and listened to all the tracks...almost all the songs on the CD are good (I just dislike a few because..like in one, Amy Lee is just singing softly mostly - not my type of music).  Overall, this is a great CD - anyone who appreciates music should check this album out...I don't know what else to say about this album, since I'm not really good at judging rock music...or what I'm saying.
B000099T2L|5.0|This CD is great.  Every last song is beyond worth listening too.<BR>Ole' Girl did her thang.  I mainly like the slow songs, but her songs with &quot;Jigga&quot; especially, &quot;That how I like it&quot; is off the hook.  I am looking forward to her next album. Word to the wise&quot; Don't sleep on this album.&quot; You will not be disappointed at all.
B000092ZYX|4.0|To hold a new work of art up to a past work and expect it to match is, from the start, close-minded.  It is refreshing to see artists push themselves and explore new areas, while keeping in touch with their artistic fundamentals and talents.<br />After plunging into new and unfamiliar waters with promising results on &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac&quot;, Radiohead has fantastically accomplished their search for a more evolved and exciting sound with &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot;.  They have found an awesome new level to project from; one that incorporates their past achievements and failures, and then molds them into an impressive portfolio showing much thought, creativity, and risky, yet wise, musical decisions.<br />&quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; is an excellent album, and the time and effort put into its creation by Radiohead will keep people listening, appreciating, and rocking.
0060506989|5.0|We Were Soldiers shows how the Ia Drang battles were a microcosm of the American experience in Vietnam - exhibiting both the valor and courage, and the almost laughable incompetence of the bureaucratic U.S. military of the time. The book also breaks new ground in directly approaching the real NVA commanders from the battle and getting their inputs and insight.<br /><br />This book tells two clear tales: the first half involving a highly experienced commander leading highly skilled and experienced men into a ferocious 3-day battle, and clearly emerging victorious by a huge margin; the second half involving an inexperienced commander leading raw troops into a disastrous ambush, and effectively losing his battle by a similar margin.<br /><br />The first half of the book clearly and simply describes what has to be one of the great American military encounters in the nation's history. It also illustrates just how important smart leadership and training is in battle. Moore's 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry (1/7) deserves to be placed in the same pantheon as the great military units in history, including the Spartans at Thermopylae, Napoleon's Imperial Guard, the 7th Regiment Maine at Little Round Top, and sundry others. The 1/7 inflicted a 4-1 casualty ratio on a far more numerous enemy. Drawing on a slender helicopter-fed supply line, Moore's tiny unit effectively destroyed a force five times its size, and held the ground at the end of the battle.<br /><br />Moore and Galloway manage to put you right there in LZ X-Ray. Electrifying. I have had dreams about that place since reading this book. It is that powerful, and little more needs to be said. The tale of the Lost Platoon is particularly powerful and gripping.<br /><br />The second half of the book, about the battle for LZ Albany, is as plain-spoken as the first and tells a very different and far more heart-breaking story. It illustrates a long list of tactical mistakes committed by the division leadership (none of which, by the way, were committed with Moore's unit) all of which led Moore's poorly trained sister unit, the 2nd Battalion 7th Cav (2/7), into needless disaster and succeeded in helping the NVA salvage victory from defeat. Reading this section is like watching a car wreck in slow-motion, powerless to do anything about it, and saying \\"no, no, nooo....\\" Because neither Moore or Galloway were actually on the scene, this part of the book loses a little of its immediacy; nevertheless this is a painful but worthwhile read.<br /><br />The irony of the LZ Albany battle is that it shows the roots of America's disillusionment with the war by showing the genuine incompetence and impaired decision-making of American leadership at the highest levels.<br /><br />(Hmmm. Sound familiar?)<br /><br />The 2/7 commander, Colonel McDade, though a powerfully experienced soldier, was effectively set up to fail as a commander. From his immediate supervisors on up, everyone turned their backs on him and gave him none of the resources demanded by the experienced and suspicious Moore. None of McDade's troops had any experience in air cavalry doctrine when they were sent to Vietnam. Moore flew into his LZ; Dade was forced to march overland without a clear objective. Moore's men had training; the 2/7 did not.<br /><br />One unit, though chronically understaffed, was given ample training and preparation for their upcoming fight. The sister unit was thrown together at the last minute and tossed to the lions. It was a clear failure of leadership from the division level to the top levels of the Johnson administration.<br /><br />To his great credit, Moore does not mince words and shows great compassion for his brother commander. He also provides an anecdote showing Commanding General Westmoreland's complete cluelessness regarding his troops; the remnants of McDade's battalion were treated to a roadside chat in the rain with Westy while they held their thanksgiving dinner in their hands. Needless to say, all of them cared more about their food than about the general.<br /><br />If every American unit had been trained to or near the level of Moore's, the Vietnam war might have had a different ending. The wisest decision, in the end, would have been not to go at all.<br /><br />This book is not poetry; it is not written to the level of Xenophon's Anabasis or Victor Hugo's description of Waterloo in Les Miserables. This book, however, will stand as a part of true war literature. Perhaps the best battlefield descriptions ever done. Also the clearest account of why it was wrong to go to Vietnam, and exactly what mistakes we made there. A lot of anti-war people would do well to read this book.very American unit had been trained to or near the level of Moore's, the Vietnam war might have had a different ending. The wisest decision, in the end, would have been not to go at all.     This book is not poetry; it is not written to the level of Xenophon's Anabasis or Victor Hugo's description of Waterloo in Les Miserables. This book, however, will stand as a part of true war literature. Perhaps the best battlefield descriptions ever done. Also the clearest account of why it was wrong to go to Vietnam, and exactly what mistakes we made there. A lot of anti-war people would do well to read this book.
B000005IS1|5.0|MC5 stood face-forward against the world, armed with guts and protected by a force field of &quot;Loud.&quot;  Influential, even today... many Euro bands try to mimic the &quot;Detroit Sound&quot; - bands like the Hives or Hellacopters or Hollywood Superstars. I've seen all these bands live - in Europe and wish I saw MC5.<BR>Here's the closest thing I can get my hands on!<BR>Pure Inspiration!
0688163173|3.0|...in the finale. i keep reading reviews about the ending being completely unexpected but, i saw it as a possible outcome almost from the beginning. i was hoping he wasn't going to end it the way he did but was almost convinced of the outcome about 50 pages from the end...<br />one reviewer mentioned it as a sell-out to the movie industry and i have to agree. the story seems to leave one hanging for a sequel.<br />still, though, i couldn't put the dang thing down and lehane remains one of my favourite writers.<br />actually, i'm having trouble deciding whether i like the book or not. it's definitely one i won't forget...
B00006BTCA|4.0|taken from the subway and gutter sound that classified the drone rock bands of the early 80's, interpol somehow slipped through the bubblegum industry's cracks to become the darling of many music reviewers in late 2002. while comparisons to joy division and echo and the bunnymen run rampant, the idea that interpol has created an entirely &quot;new&quot; sound is not that far off, considering the decade it was written in. both the &quot;obstacle&quot; songs are almost danceable, while &quot;nyc&quot; is refreshing and reassuring. matador has picked the indie-pools pockets and drawn a winner.  essential
B00005JKZV|5.0|*SPOILER WARNING: If you haven't read The Return of the King, I suggest you skip this review.<br />It's true. It doesn't follow the books as closely as Fellowship of the Ring. But for the most part, the changes didn't bother me.<BR>Some people have said they didn't like how the Arwen-Aragorn relationship has been played up, giving Liv Tyler more screen time. What do you expect? Should Peter Jackson barely mention Arwen and then in ROTK, she suddenly shows up to marry Aragorn? In the books, Arwen is mentioned maybe 3 or 4 times briefly before the end of ROTK, where she marries Aragorn. Personally, this confused me the first time I read it. It would complicate things for moviegoers who hadn't read the books: they would probably wonder why Aragorn and Eowyn don't get together, and they wouldn't understand why he was marrying this elf at the end. So they put stuff in from Tolkien's appendixes.<BR>The only two things that bothered me: <BR>1. Faramir. WHAT was Jackson THINKING? The books make it VERY CLEAR that Faramir is different than Boromir. The movies make him seem exactly like Boromir, if not worse, since he has men under his command. <BR>2. Saruman possessing Theoden. I don't think Tolkien ever implied possession. Theoden was corrupted by Wormtounge's counselings, but not POSSESSED by Saruman. It was a strange touch, though not as bad as Faramir.<br />The other things, such as Aragorn falling off a cliff (which allowed for a great entrance later, I must say) and the elves coming to Helm's Deep, aren't such a big deal for me, though I don't really understand the purpose of putting them in there. Oh well. It was a great movie, despite the changes, and while it didn't follow Tolkein's book perfectly, it captured the plot, and more importantly, the SPIRIT of the books.
B00009P1MP|5.0|Although I own the original 10-track American Pie CD, I still ordered this for the liner notes and the two bonus tracks, &quot;Mother Nature&quot; and &quot;Aftermath&quot;.  I understand that Don McLean intended these to be included in the original 1971 American Pie album, but they somehow got left out and only later issued in Favorites and Rarities (1992).<br />Every song on this CD is superb and different from its companions. The epic &quot;American Pie&quot; has won its due share of recognition and elicited perhaps too much commentary. The intense and poetic &quot;Vincent&quot;, known to many as &quot;Starry Starry Night&quot; has rightly had its share of praise, and has been covered by Chet Atkins, Julio Iglesias, and lately Josh Groban.<br />However, not enough credit has been given to the other songs on this album, which range in mood from the bleak poignancy of &quot;Empty Chairs&quot; to the playful audacity of &quot;Everybody Loves Me, Baby&quot;. Many a fan who became 'hooked' on McLean in their youth has spoken of identifying with the feelings in some of the songs, especially the youthful turmoil expressed in &quot;Till Tomorrow&quot; and &quot;Crossroads&quot; and the tender idealisation of the beloved in &quot;Winterwood&quot;. The pathos of a young soldier killed in battle (reminiscent of the poems of Wilfred Owen) is captured in &quot;The Grave&quot;, which George Michael recently covered as his protest against the war on Iraq. &quot;Babylon&quot;, the only song not by McLean in this album, was arranged with Lee Hays of the Weavers, with words from a biblical psalm. It is captivatingly sung in parts to the accompaniment of a banjo. The last of  the original ten songs, &quot;Sister Fatima&quot;, about a spiritual healer in New York city, has a unique semi-playful charm.<br />Something that needs to be said about the lyrics of most of the songs here is the amount of sheer poetry they contain. This is also true of those of the bonus songs, &quot;MotherNature&quot; and &quot;Aftermath&quot;. The first, which McLean refers to as a teenage song , may not be as polished as the other love-songs in this album, but interesting in its expression of the young singer's helplessness against the hold that Mother Nature (his libido/hormones) has on him. Its primal refrain of &quot;I want her so ba-a-d!!&quot; is an unsublimated version of the Beatles' &quot;I want to hold your hand&quot;, but there are more poetic descriptions of the object of his desire, like \\"Her beauty falls upon me in a fragrant spring-time spell\\". &quot;Aftermath&quot; the last song in the reissued album, is fascinating not just for the enigma of its meaning, but for what McLean calls its \\"atonal chords\\". The sounds seem to come from the depths of a cave, a cell, an isolated consciousness. <br />With all the variety and wealth in the songs, this CD is certainly worth buying. Add to those the liner notes with an introduction by Paul Grein, the McLean quotes for each of the songs, the lyrics, the McLean poem &quot;So Long Hopalong Cassidy&quot; (included in the inner sleeve of the original LP),  and the pictures -- the whole thing becomes an attractive and historically significant package.
0688163173|5.0|What a friggn' ending.  Can't wait for the movie.
B000089RVX|5.0|Great CD. I loved all the songs, some more than others but I don't dislike any. Amy's vocals are truly great. Worth every penny.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw's album is great.  The album mixes different genres of music together.  The most respectful thing about the album is that it was ALL written by him.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|POTC was the first movie since the LOTR movies where I have actually stayed through all the credits just to hear more of the music.  Awesome score!  If you loved the movie like I did, you will love this CD.  The music mostly follows the stoyline, with a few exceptions, but the titles to the tracks do not match the music (i.e. the music through Capt. Sparrow &amp; Will's swordfight is actually plays under the title &quot;Will and Elizabeth&quot; and the Black Pearl theme plays in &quot;Swords Crossed&quot;).  Besides the excellent themes that we all remember from the movie, what I really like about the CD is that it plays as a single piece of music with no breaks between the &quot;songs.&quot;
B00008WT49|1.0|Surely the most over-praised and hyped disc of recent years. Eight grammy's?? what... was the competition? I bought this on the basis of good reviews and have already given it away after just one play.<br />Ms Jones sings 14 almost identical songs with only minor changes in tempo or tone. Her voice lacks variety but even more importantly, experience (of life as well as singing). Nina Simone? More like Charlotte Church.<br />The songs are trite, predictable and even embarrassing (try Lonestar, - or better still, don't), without an ounce of soul, poetry or innovation. As a whole this album is best described as MOR meets watered down cocktail jazz meets feeble county. The whole is an unending stream of anodyne, trite, monotonous, pasteurised and homogenised pap. Even Bob Dylan's \\"I'll be your baby\\" can't survive this treatment.<br />The sound is adequate and the acoustic neutral, - and slightly better in stereo than in surround, - but who cares when the accompanying instruments are basically picking at bus terminal music in a desultory, predictable, uninspired way.<br />To think that this emanated from Blue Note!!  What has the world come to??!!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I was able to catch Gavin Degraw perform a while back and I had to run out to get this disk the very day it hit the stores. He's amazing!!! A true talent!! His lyrics hit so close to home and the passion behind his voice is remarkable! Gavin Degraw is here to stay!!!<BR>A MUST BUY!!!!
B00005JLRT|1.0|This could have been an amazing movie. It had wonderful action sequences and the cinematography was very nice. However, whoever wrote the story just isn't a Star Trek fan. When I first saw Wesly Crusher in a starfleet uniform in the beginning of the movie I thought &quot;ok, big flaw, but most ppl don't know about Wesly becoming a traveler, which is almost a demi-god like being. It was a rare episode that isn't well known where that happened&quot;. I started to realize I was in trouble when the crew arrives on a planet and finds the remains of a robot that &quot;looks just like DATA!&quot; um, wouldn't that be LORE? one of the most beloved bad guys on the series? nope, no one on the crew has ever heard of a Lore. I saw this in the theater and I heard the word &quot;Lore&quot; come from about 20 different directions, along with &quot;cool!&quot; but how disappointing that Lore isn't even mentioned. This one big problem is just the beginning of things that annoyed me. The whole movie just didn't seem to be anything like a Star Trek movie. I was so disappointed with the effort of this movie. It's really a shame if this is the final voyage for this crew. Hollywood really missed a golden opportunity.
B000003S0B|2.0|i just don't like this album at all...larks' tongues in aspic fits better for me.
B00005YW4H|1.0|Surely the most over-praised and hyped disc of recent years. Eight grammy's?? what the hell was the competition? I bought this on the basis of good reviews and have already given it away after just one play.<br />And as for the Amazon's in-house reviewer, Mr Ross, - to mention Nina Simone and Billie H as comparisons is blasphemy indeed. If only! In fact Ms Jones sings 14 almost identical songs with only minor changes in tempo or tone. Her voice lacks variety but even more importantly, experience (of life as well as singing). Nina Simone? More like Bing Crosby.<br />The songs are trite, predictable and even embarrassing (try Lonestar, - or better still, don't), without an ounce of soul, poetry or innovation. As a whole this album is best described as MOR (that's short for moronic as well as standing for Middle of the Road) meets watered down cocktail jazz meets feeble county. The whole is an unending stream of anodyne, trite, monotonous, pasteurised and homogenised pap. Even Bob Dylan's \\"I'll be your baby\\" can't survive this treatment.<br />The sound is adequate and the acoustic neutral, - and better in stereo than in surround, - but who cares when the accompanying instruments are basically picking at airport lounge music in a desultory, predictable, uninspired way.<br />To think that this emanated from Blue Note!!  What has the world come to??!!
0671027344|1.0|I picked this book up since I've been hearing a lot of good stuff about it. However, I slowly started getting tired of Charlie's unexciting lifestyle but forced myself to keep reading for the sake of finishing the book, but I just gave up and looked for another read.<br />I couldn't find myself relating to any of the characters or even emphatizing with any of them. Charlie is a social outcast because he lets himself be that way. He's just a sad boy waiting for something exciting to happen to him, instead of going out there and looking for it himself. People like that bother me! From reading his thoughts, even I wouldn't want to befriend him because he's BORING. The \\"friends\\" he make are also [sad](nothing but drugs, drinking, sex) and I just got tired of reading and reading and not finding anything to be happy about for Charlie. <br />If you really want to see for yourself, just borrow it from someone else who has it. This book is a good read for the class pariah. But I'm sure if you weren't anything like him in high school, you won't go past page 50 on this one.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I was able to see Gavin Degraw perform a while back and I had to run out the very day this disk hit the stores!! He's amazing! With Lyrics that hit so close to home...you actually feel every word. I have listened to this album over and over. His music is here to stay. Once you hear his voice, you won't be able to wait to catch him live!<BR>A MUST BUY!!!!!!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is an amazing performer who has brought us an equally amazing album!  Gavin's rich vocals combined with his soulful piano playing put Chariot at the top of my must have list!  Pass the word on to your friends, you won't be disappointed!
B000089RVX|5.0|This cd is truely a great one.  I'll go through each song in a second.  I heard bring me to life and went out and bought the cd, and I love it.  ok for each song here we go<br />Tracks<br />1-Going Under- A very good song.  Will be played alot on the radio, may get as Big bas Bring Me to Life did.  Not the best on the cd in my opinion, but is very good. 5/5<br />2-Bring Me To Life- The first single.  what most people, including myself, heard as Evanescence's first really big song.  Though overplayed on the radio, like any hit, its still very good. 4.5/5<br />3-Everybody's Fool- My Second fav on the cd.  This really went with a situation I was in with this one girl, and this song tells pretty much what happened, which is pretty cool if you think about it.  It is another good song. 5/5<br />4-My Immortal- A slow song with just Amy's Voice and the piano.  Though I love hard rock, this song I also love, really lets her voice stand out. 5/5<br />5-Haunted- Another great song, though its a little different, but talks about overcoming.  4/5<br />6-Tourniquet- My fav song on the cd.  Talks about suicide and if you will be denyed Salvation by Christ.  A personal favorite of mine.  5/5<br />7-Imaginary- This song flows right off the end of Tourniquet.  This is yet another good song, but not as good as the others. 4.5/5<br />8-Taking Over Me-  Talks about a relationship where the person is consumed in love over a person.  Another good song by Evanescence 4.5/5<br />9-Hello.  similar to My Immortal, the other slow song with Just Amy's Voice and the piano.  Talks about the normal day how it can be overwhelming but turns out to just be another ordinary day.  4.5/5<br />10-My Last Breath- Yet another good song!  Talks about the end of a relationship, can tell from the part &quot;hold my last breath, safe inside myself, are all my thoughts of you, sweet raptured light, it ends here tonight&quot;  5/5<br />11-Whisper- not a bad song,  the only thing I didn't like was the choir at the end, doesn't really make to much sense, but none the less, the rest of the song is good.  Talks about overcoming &quot;Don't turn away, don't give into it&quot; 4/5<br />This is truely worth the money spent on it. I ended up paying 14.99 for this and it was truely worth it.  If you buy the cd, love it, and want some of their other songs, get Farther Away, their best song ever in my opinion, and Away from Me.  Truely worth it.  But the cd overall is truely worth the buy.
B00006HBUA|5.0|It is so funny that it made my whole family laugh. I am glad that they are making a new movie that is coming out next year. It makes it better when you here that RUBEN STUDDARD is going to be in the next movie! I can't believe that they could make such a good and funny movie at one time.
0767906543|5.0|&quot;I think about kids about as often as I think about how nice it would be to set fire to all my savings, scratch my furniture, wear patches of sick on my suits as a fashion statement and invite unemployed psychopatic dwarves to share my life.&quot; (pg. 62) <br />If you think that's funny, or know (or have dated) someone who has said the same thing, then this book is for you. I found it hilarious, and was oddly able to relate that statement to my ten month old son. Duffy is a likeable character and even though he acts stupid much of the time, you can't help but pull for him. I really liked this book!
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends is Radiohead's best album<BR>1.Its accesible<BR>2.Its catchy<BR>3.Its Flawless<BR>4.Its restored my faith in rock<BR>5.Its worth every penny<BR>Period
B00005JKZU|4.0|By the time you get to read this review, you will know everything about the plot of The Two Towers and how it differs from Tolkien's original, the excellence of the acting, direction and so on, so I won't go into these. But a few months on -- and just a few weeks from the video release of the theatrical version -- it's time to take stock.<br />The first thing to get out of the way is that nothing is served by making detailed comparisons between the book and the film. Each medium is different and must be judged on its own terms. As an avid Tolkien reader my eyebrows were raised by some of the things in the film, but then I remembered how stilted the first Harry Potter movie was given its slavish devotion to the book; the difficulty of making The Two Towers into any kind of film, given that it contains three separate stories, none of which have beginnings or endings; and that fact that books and films must succeed on their own merits. To get away from Tolkien for a minute, consider Umberto Eco's novel The Name Of The Rose and the subsequent film starring Sean Connery. In the book you learned an amazing amount of back-story about medieval monasteries, the inquisition and so on, but in the film this is of necessity cut away to make a compelling detective drama. Both are excellent -- in different ways.<br />Now that's out of the way, The Two Towers has to be considered as an action adventure, comparable with -- say -- a Terminator movie or one of the Star Wars franchise. Here TTT comes off very well indeed. It has the same emotional punch and grittiness of Terminator 2, and exposes the superficial shininess of Attack of the Clones for the lightweight FXercise it is. Compare the performances of Viggo Mortensen and Hayden Christiansen -- see what I mean? But TTT has an overwhelming majesty that transcends all these, partly because of the strength and depth of Tolkien's material, but mainly because Peter Jackson made the film with such exquisite care, love and respect for his material. If you find fault with Jackson, think how TTT might have fared as a Disney cartoon (Disney had the rights once, I believe) or compare with the Ralph Bakshi animation of the 1970s (a valiant effort, but forgettable.)<br />TTT is a memorable and involving film to the extent that when you leave the theatre you feel not so much entertained as exhausted -- I guess all really good films should have that effect. <br />So why have I given this only four stars? For two reasons. First, I felt that the five-star Fellowship Of The Ring was a better film, in that the story is easier to tell, and less troubled by complexities of narrative and the motivations of the characters. (This is part of the reason why, say, The Phantom Menace will never be as good a story as the first Star Wars movie, irrespective of its other faults.) The sheer relentless, sword-swiping grit of TTT was a slap in the face after the relatively gentle Fellowship of the Ring, with its greater contrasts of light and shade: in TTT there is no Lorien to act as welcome relief to Moria, and no rustic hobbit-holes you feel you can crawl back to if the going gets rough -- TTT feels like one long sword fight.<br />The second reason is that the value of TTT will probably be best assessed only as part of the whole trilogy, after we have seen and digested The Return of the King, and have done something I'm already looking forward to -- seeing all three movies back to back in their extended DVD versions. Now, that would be the Cinematic Experience to Rule Them All.
B00005JKDQ|5.0|Funny characters, funny things during the movie. Genius! Woody would be Mike and Buzz would be Sulley. Why wouldn't I say it was great? It was a FANTASTIC movie. If you are thinking about a movie, think more about this one. DISNEY PICTURES PRESENTS MONSTERS INC. THE GREATEST MOVIE THEY HAVE CREATED YET!
B00005JLK0|5.0|this movie has VERY VERY bad garphic volince! it is sracy....and i watched on pay-per-view! oy!, i cant believe that movie i had to sleep with my teddy bear that night! and i am under age! and i watched it lol!
0553573403|5.0|I feel compelled to add my voice to the chorus of positive reviews. This is an excellent series! It's been a long time since any fantasy novel has had me so engrossed. Martin spins a complex, richly plotted tales of rivalries, feuds, allegiances, battles, intrigues, betrayals, and supernatural menaces. Though the Arthurian world that the story is set in didn't seem terribly unique at first, it grew on me through the details. I found myself soon wrapped up in the intertwining storylines of the dozen or so main characters, whose actions, personalities, and experiences Martin renders more interestingly and honestly than most writers in this genre seem capable of. Yes, (to address the complainers) there are long stretches where there is more dialogue than action, but as much of import takes place in the throne room as on the battlefield, and Martin's dialogue is cracklingly true to life (unlike, say, Tolkien's).<br />This is definitely an ambitious, epic tale, involving enough players and factions to necessitate an appendix at the end of the book, but Martin manages to keep all the pieces moving in a way that's logical and compelling. This is a fantasy series that refreshingly focuses first and foremost on the individual characters, weaving the story from their own flawed but genuinely human perspectives. Very often, the plot takes twists and turns that surprise not only them, but likely the reader as well, sometimes just when it seems Martin is finally building towards some time-worn cliche. This is one of those books that will keep you up until the small hours of the morning, because you have to know what the hell happens next, and next, and next... The traditional fantasy elements, like dragons or sorcerers, are there, too, but Martin treats these details in a nuanced, economical way, using them to lend the story a mythic aura without overwhelming its players.<br />I'd caution younger or more senstive readers, though, that the violence (and language) in this and subsequent books can be quite savage at times. Brutal slayings occur throughout, and there are more than a few incidents of wanton rape or torture depicted as well. I don't think it's overly heavy-handed and it seems realistic to the medieval-level societies portrayed, where there was never much value placed on human life or rights, particularly where the poor were concerned, but some readers might find the grim details a bit much. Definitely R rated material.<br />If you liked this book at all, I think that the series only gets better with the next two (all that have been written to date). By \\"A Storm of Swords\\" Martin seems to be writing more confidently, and his characters finding their own inner strength, as well. The \\"good guys\\" are darkened by having to make ugly decisions, and many of the \\"bad guys\\" become more sympathetic and interesting. Some readers have complained that there isn't enough of a distinction between the heroes and the villains, but I think they're missing out on the subtleties that make this a better series than most fantasy paperbacks (I got bored with the \\"Wheel of Time\\" books years ago).equent books can be quite savage at times. Brutal slayings occur throughout, and there are more than a few incidents of wanton rape or torture depicted as well. I don't think it's overly heavy-handed and it seems realistic to the medieval-level societies portrayed, where there was never much value placed on human life or rights, particularly where the poor were concerned, but some readers might find the grim details a bit much. Definitely R rated material.<br />If you liked this book at all, I think that the series only gets better with the next two (all that have been written to date). By \\"A Storm of Swords\\" Martin seems to be writing more confidently, and his characters finding their own inner strength, as well. The \\"good guys\\" are darkened by having to make ugly decisions, and many of the \\"bad guys\\" become more sympathetic and interesting. Some readers have complained that there isn't enough of a distinction between the heroes and the villains, but I think they're missing out on the subtleties that make this a better series than most fantasy paperbacks (I got bored with the \\"Wheel of Time\\" books years ago).
0385504209|3.0|My fingers bled from turning the pages so fast, but when I got to the end, I was disappointed. My hopes were built up throughout the book through amazing storytelling and compelling chapter endings that kept me reading through the night.<br />The search for the Grail kept me enthralled, with clue after clue leading me on the journey along with the characters. Then with about 50 pages left, it all unravelled with a sappy ending that leveraged the author's power to instantly manipuliate his characters to fit a pre-conceived climax.<br />Overall, it's an anticlimactic, but exciting way to pass a weekend.
B000067JBN|1.0|I always say if you're going to remake a classic you'd BETTER make it better than the first!<br />Unfortunately it seems everyone in the creative department was asleep at the wheel on this one. The plot holes in the script came directly from Script Writing 101 (gotta give him a reason to go on in the future! OK, we'll kill off his wimpy and severely accident prone girlfriend!)<BR>And so they did...twice. It was getting rather funny. I was wondering how many times they'd \\"off\\" her before he was allowed to go play with this fantastic machine! Wouldnt just the sheer curiosity of the future be enough? The machine got wrecked, so he couldn't come back to the love interest anyway.<br />Also, sigh, the issue of the Morlocks. Gotta say the fat guys in the original in the green tights,Tina Turner wigs, bad teeth and pen-light eyes were 10 times scarier than these unoriginal, many times copied creations of Stan Winston, who is only trotting out the same design as he did way back in \\"Pumpkinhead.\\" (An extremely under-rated movie by the way.) <br />However, I did love the score and purchased it. I caught this movie on HBO and won't buy it in any form.
B00005JKDQ|5.0|the movie is sooooo funny! i totally love the mini movies @ tha end! well disney and pixar have done it agian they made a movie funny 4 tha whole family, my fave charater is mike wasokaey!
B00003CX95|5.0|We don't get a lot of great epics these days. Sure Titanic was great after watching the first couple times but when specials ran endlessly and that song(you know what one)was getting on your nerves, pretty soon that story of huge tragedy became a media event. Since then, we just get 2 and a half hour or movies that shouldn't be. Nothing really matches the epics of old, like Spartacus, Ben Hur or Lawrence of Arabia. This film may not match those, but it offers an alternative.<br />The film mainly set in 13th century Scotland, follows the story of William Wallace. As a boy, he had a father who fought for the freedom of Scotland, but soon, his father is killed on an apparent attack. He's taken in by his uncle who proceeds to teach him languages, history, and take him as far as Rome on pilgramages. When he gets back, fully mature, he just wants to settle down with his love, Murron. However, the King invokes the First Night law, a law where if a Scottish couple marry, one of the British officers gets to have the wife for a night. <br />Not wanting to share his love, William marrys in secret. However, an Englishman finds out and kills his wife. There he just sets off attacking forces for the freedom of Scotland.<br />Very powerful in it's message, and very brutal. Make sure kids don't see this, there's a lot of carnage images on the screen(including a briefly seen shot of a metal ball hitting a head. Let's just say his face looks...rather different.) But, if bad teen romances and gag humor films, aren't your thing and want something more extravagant, can't go wrong with Braveheart
B000099T2L|3.0|I love the first four songs (especially Baby Boy), but beyond that... oh, and I have to rant on one song in particular... &quot;Signs&quot;.  That song is just dumb. I can't believe I hate a song produced by my hero Missy Eliot... Yeah, this album has mediocrity written all over it, in my opinion.  The best songs are the ones that you'll eventually hear on the radio anyway, so save your money.
0679805273|5.0|Of Seuss-an reviews this is the third<br />Likely my last, mostly absurd<br />But I had to think of life's general direction<br />And that brought me to this little reflection<br />The places we go<br />The places we know<br />The things that we show<br />The hearts that all glow<br />Life is but a journey friend<br />And friend with friend up till the end<br />We should be happy and we should be free<br />You should be you and I'll just be me<br />And OH, OH, the places we'll go<br />We'll go hither and we'll go fro<br />Over the rainbow and under a smile<br />Making the light year seem less than a mile<br />My own trek is one through theology<br />Determined it feels by biology<br />And compels me upon my wonderful way<br />And never doubting it for a day<br />That this is where I'm called to be<br />This is what I'm charged to see<br />By some much grander holy light<br />Which may someday give me greater sight<br />And until then the faith I'll hold<br />To try to make the journey bold<br />So that everyplace will feel like home<br />For everyplace is someone's home<br />Be it brown or be it blue<br />In a castle or a shoe<br />In the up and out the down<br />Journeying through every town<br />And still there will be more places to go<br />Still more ways in which we can grow<br />But may we never outgrow the Seuss<br />For then, dear friends, life's not much use<br />This is a lesser-known Dr. Seuss book, but still a great story and great learning device.  This is especially well suited for children who are going through a transition or change in life, to show them in a cute and memorable way that life is journey in and of itself, and that there are good things to be found when leaving the security and safety of home.<br />An excellent text for children who may be nervous about going to school, going on a trip, or major life changes, this book is real treasure.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|j-lo her first CD, she did pertty good 4 a new artist, and her first CD i love and is really kool and i have no bad reviews on it!
B00005RY7X|5.0|I've been a fan of W.K. for a while now, but it wasn't until today when I saw him live at the Vans Warped Tour that I really started to love his music. If you ever get a chance, go see him live. He will instantly put you in a good mood and you're guaranteed to have a great time. I bought the CD at the concert after being pumped up by his performance and I'm so glad I did. His music is great for partying to (as you might have guessed). Listen to &quot;It's Time To Party&quot; and &quot;Party Hard&quot; and you'll pretty much have an idea of what the disc is like.
B0000062GK|5.0|I have been a fan of Satch's since listening to the &quot;Always with me, always with you&quot;.  The whole album was a treat and was going into my books as the number one instrumental album.  I have to renig on that.  Crytal Planet has got to be the cream of the crop in terms of everything involving music (other than vocals which I have never been a big fan of with Satriani on his Flying in a Blue Dream album).  He is incredible here.  The title track is worth the price of admission alone.  &quot;Love thing&quot; is a definite winner also (dare I say, as good as &quot;Always with me, always with you&quot;.  Do yourself a favor, get this album if you are into guitar rock and blues.  WOO HOO!!!!!
014118213X|5.0|The characters are rich and compelling, leading the reader to have real compassion for even the more uncompassionate sorts. It is an excellent way to spend rainy afternoons with a cat on one's lap and a cup of English tea by one's side.<br />The primary action focusses upon families ' first the Schlegels, genteel without being titled or particularly monied, but far from poor; second, the Wilcoxes, successful financial class, largely without too much background, and a few additional characters such as Leonard Bast and his wife, struggling working-class characters who, through a misappropriated umbrella, become entangled in and damaged by the affairs of the Schlegels and Wilcoxes.<br />The action throughout much of the novel consists of a study of manners and morals.  The elder Schlegel daughter becomes friendly with the dying Mrs. Wilcox, and they become friends of a sort.  After the death of Mrs. Wilcox, Margaret remains in contact with the Wilcoxes, eventually being courted by the widower Wilcox.  The younger Schlegel daughter, Helen, is much more of a rebel, rejecting the implicit superiority of convention while perfectly happy to revel in the benefits of her station in life.  Her sister Margaret lives a bit precariously through Helen (and, indeed, Mrs. Wilcox lives precariously through Margaret).  Only the male Wilcoxes seem to be living for themselves, but they are far from attractive characters, more concerned with a subtle greed and propriety that is always ready to assume the worst in anyone beneath their station.<br />Here enters the unfortunate Mr. Bast, a stable if lowly clerk in a bank in the City of London, with dreams of more, but tied to a job and a wife, both of whom will never lead to greater things.  Through a minor accident he encounters Helen, and this eventually leads to an affair, which leads to a potential scandal.  Bast, unfortunately, has a run-in with the Wilcox son who assumes a gallantry quite out of place, and suffers the consequences thereof.<br />This text explores the dominance of inflexible social structures and moral expectations in the post-Victorian England of the early twentieth century.  Friendship, vocation and career, love and marriage, attitudes toward money and property ' all are keenly examined and each, in turn, are found wanting of humanity, until finally the elder Schlegel daughter takes a small but meaningful stand.<br />For those who don't know, Howards End is actually the name of a cottage that features in the book, not prominently, but meaningfully. The text was converted into a film that is quite exquisite, being a well-appointed Merchant/Ivory production a la 'Room with a View' and 'A Passage to India', both also by the same author). Forster is perhaps the quintessential novelist of the English experience in the early part of the last century. His juxtaposition of characters from different social classes and backgrounds, his feeling for his characters (even as they appear to have no feelings themselves, or very repressed feelings by American standards), and his plots that are meandering and uneventful yet interesting and attention-holding make for a style that is very much in keeping with the subject matter.thereof.<br />This text explores the dominance of inflexible social structures and moral expectations in the post-Victorian England of the early twentieth century.  Friendship, vocation and career, love and marriage, attitudes toward money and property ' all are keenly examined and each, in turn, are found wanting of humanity, until finally the elder Schlegel daughter takes a small but meaningful stand.<br />For those who don't know, Howards End is actually the name of a cottage that features in the book, not prominently, but meaningfully. The text was converted into a film that is quite exquisite, being a well-appointed Merchant/Ivory production a la 'Room with a View' and 'A Passage to India', both also by the same author). Forster is perhaps the quintessential novelist of the English experience in the early part of the last century. His juxtaposition of characters from different social classes and backgrounds, his feeling for his characters (even as they appear to have no feelings themselves, or very repressed feelings by American standards), and his plots that are meandering and uneventful yet interesting and attention-holding make for a style that is very much in keeping with the subject matter.
B0000029DD|5.0|I first borrowed this CD from a friend who had told me what a master-piece it was and it wasnt until I had listened to it close to three times that I absolutely fell in love with it. Jeffs version of Cohens Halleluia brought me close to tears. His vocals and learics are the most original I have ever heard. This album is amazing, this man is amazing, I cannot stop playing this CD and it still sits in my Cd player as i write. I wish I could have heard more of his music since this album has literally changed my life. I dont give it 5 stars I give it ten!<BR>Buy this NOW, trust me you will NOT be sorry!!!
B000002WAD|5.0|This man's voice caught me off guard when i first heard it, this lp is great! Great Dance music! and the great memories that come back each time i listen too it!
0345308239|2.0|In her work The March of Folley, Barbara Tuchman pursues several well known examples of misgovernment through folly in order to prove that governments purse \\"policies contrary to their own self-interests\\".  In the first chapter she defines folly; \\"To qualify as folly for this inquiry, the policy adopted must meet three criteria: it must have been perceived as counter-productive in it's own time, not merely by hindsight...  A feasible alternative course of action must have been available... The policy in question should be that of a group, not an individual ruler, and should persist beyond any one political lifetime\\".  These criteria would have served primarily as self-imposed constraints on Tuchman to ensure the historical validity of her work.  Unfortunately, Tuchman has no problems bending her own rules in order to identify herself with her readers and their paychecks.<br />     I gave it 2 stars because of the detail that Tuchman goes to to get her point across and because she is obviously a talented literary writer, but her motivation to hammer every event that she has listed as catastrophic folly into the mind of the reader often leads her to rash conclusions (such as an awkard analogy to the American Civil war on p. 323) and a disregard for anything that might change the readers' opinions from her focus: folly.  Therefore the book is closeminded and biased, but in a decievingly 'open-minded' manner.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I'd absolutely fallen in love with this movie, and now the score, along with it.<br />Klaus Badelt (and his trusty companion, Hans Zimmer) have brought the pirating atmosphere to life with this soundtrack; the chosen instruments, the Celtic air, the action that's involved, they all fall together to make one very complete, and very energising, score.<br />If you liked the movie Gladiator's score, you'll love this.<br />You can feel the aura of cursed evil around Captain Jack Sparrow's old ship, The Black Pearl, with the track by the same name; there is swooping action involved with the track &quot;He's a Pirate,&quot; which gives you the distinct impression of a very energetic ... well, pirate; one may think the track &quot;Will and Elizabeth&quot; is romantic, but, on the contrary, it well-encompasses Will adventurous passion for saving his damsel; &quot;Swords Crossed&quot; is wonderful, WONDERFUL war/battle music.<br />I could go through every track, but I recommend getting the CD for yourself - it's worth it, every second.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|He's been compared to everyone from a young Ray Charles to a young Billy Joel, but the truth is that Gavin DeGraw has got a voice all his own.  Borrowing equally from both rock and R&amp;B, Chariot is infused with a new sound and a new voice that's rarely heard in music today.  Just as talented a songwriter as he is a singer/musician, DeGraw is one of those kind of artists that you hear and you say to yourself, &quot;This guy's got a long career ahead of him.&quot;  While all of the tracks on this album are great, I can't help but to reccommend my favorites: &quot;Just Friends,&quot; &quot;I Don't Want To Be&quot; and &quot;More Than Anyone,&quot; one of the best love songs to come along in quite some time.  I can't praise this album enough.  Buy it and you'll thank me (and Gavin) later.
B000001C6M|5.0|This is the first release of the kings of speed metal - slayer. <br />This is more melodic and easier to listen to than other albums <br />such as diabolus in musica, or divine intervention, and yet <br />still maintaining the intensity of evillness - it's very <br />sadist. <br />The solos by hanneman and king are the best in this album, and <br />araya's vocals sounds like satan is speaking through him! Only <br />let down by shoddy production, otherwize would be as good as <br />reign in blood. The best song is tormentor, in which creepy <br />sadist lyrics combined with dark vocals and guitaring and bass <br />make the best slayer song on probably the second best slayer <br />album.<br />Anyone who likes kreator, megadeath, morbid angel, pantera,<br />early metallica, or anthrax would adore this album, and should<br />already have it!
0688163173|2.0|Couldn't put it down, but when I got to the end, I wished I had not spent all that time reading it!
B00005JM0B|5.0|This movie is awesome!!!!I am so happy that they did such a kickass job on this movie! I think the plot is awesome and there is a great cast of upcoming stars in this movie. i think claire danes and Nick stahl do awesome jobs of protraying these charaters. The plot in this movie seems realistic. I really hope there is a fourth and i highly recomend this movie!!<BR>ps- Nick stahl is soo hott!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I am true fan. I was angry when Fox let the show go. And sad when no one picked it up. I have seen all the eps and this will be my favorite collectible. I will have to get two just because I will show this one so much. This was a sample of the best TV on TV. If you haven't seen it you need to. <br />Remember: \\"Friends don't let friends miss Firefly\\".
B0000A1RJI|5.0|After seeing Pirates of the Caribbean (best movie of the summer!), I knew I was going to get the soundtrack the minute it came out.  I have listened to it non-stop since then.  This whole score is packed with quick and lively music and I absolutely LOVE the theme! My favorite tracks are #4 and #15. The voices in the background ad a wonderful blend and they almost sound like pirates yo-ho-hoing!  There is also a helathy mix of eerie, ghostly, and haunting music that is just too freaky! This is such an amazing soundtrack and I give a nod to Klaus Badelt for it.  The music has you reliving the movie over and over.  You won't regret buying this cd and you won't be able to stop humming along.  WOW!
B00006IK1C|5.0|I have the non re-master and have been listening to it for like 7 or 8 years!  Bruce has one of the all-time classic metal voices and he can write some dern catchy songs.  &quot;Tattooed Millionaire&quot; is not a heavy album in terms of philosophy but is playful and light-hearted.  Very different from Maiden, in a good way.  Songs like &quot;Lickin' the Gun,&quot; &quot;Zulu Lulu,&quot; and &quot;Dive! Dive! Dive!&quot; are quite humorous.  Usually need to listen to this album after spinning some Slayer or Children of Bodom- it cleanses my brain like Drano! -David J Newman 2003
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Buy this CD if you like John Mayer, Jack Johnson, or Jason Mraz
0316236535|5.0|This is a wonderful book. My three year old has it memorized.  The book lets children know they have control over fear and helps them to exercise their imaginations.
B000003TAW|5.0|i was turned on to weezer by my cousin in 1998, when i heard the catchy tunes blaring out of his radio.  i had heard undone and buddy holly, and i was impressed, but not as much as i had been before by any other band.  from the first guitar intro of my name is jonas to the end of only in dreams, Weezer created the most amazing rock album that i have ever heard.  the album does not have one weak song on it, which i had never seen before.  i admire the way they seem to pour their hearts into ever song on this album.  definitely would recommend this album to ANYONE. wish i could give it 6 stars.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I have been going to see Gavin play live for the past year in New York City and have been looking forward to this album for a long time.  I must say it does not disappoint!  The cd is great from start to finish.  Gavin's lyrics are something everyone can relate to and his music really comes from the heart.  If you've been hearing Follow Through on the radio and like that song - you will definitely like the rest of the album.
B000060P79|5.0|when i first heard the song id do anything on my local radio station, i was eager to see who were the artists of this song.  my friend, who is a big punk/emo fan started blaring the same cd in his car a few days later and it didnt disappoint.  simple plan's style of punk rock is impressive as well as their lyrical diversity in their songs.  i would recommend this album to any punk/emo fan.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This kid is super.  Billy Joel, Elton John and Jackson Browne type talent.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I have bought Hail to the Thief, and I positively love it. 14 tracks of audio euphoria. I love the talent that each band member brings to the songs--the lyrics, the singing, the guitars, the drums, the piano, the computerized sounds--all coalesce to comprise a darn good album.<br />The first track, \\"2 + 2 = 5\\"--which seems to be a reference to 1984--is a superb opener with neat guitar licks toward the end. \\"Sit Down. Stand Up.\\" is a unique, dreamy track, and so is \\"Sail to the Moon,\\" which has a soothing piano sequence throughout. \\"Backdrifts\\" is sort of an electronica track--perhaps my least favorite of the album, but still quite good. \\"Go to Sleep\\" is a neat song with well played guitars and more of Thom's entrancing singing. \\"Where I End and You Begin\\" is another electronia track, quite neat. \\"We suck Young Blood\\" is another easy-listening song that uses the piano very well. \\"The Gloaming\\" is yet another electronica track but with a cool sequence of sounds in the beginning. \\"There There\\" is the first single, and is indeed a good song with strong drumming, guitars and singing. \\"I Will\\" is a short, somber piece with melancholy singing. \\"A Punchup at a Wedding\\" is a rather interesting song with more piano goodness. \\"Myxomatosis\\" and \\"Scatterbrain\\" are additionally quite good. The final track, \\"A Wolf at the Door\\" has Thom even semi-rapping the lyrics, and the beat of the song is quite catchy. <br />Strongly recommended.
B000008HZB|5.0|It is a shame that an artist with this much talent could never get a solo career off the ground. Some people just get pigeon-holed. Once you make a name for yourself in a major band, that is your musical identity. Jeff made &quot;Zoom&quot; but had to call it an ELO album to get it released. But if he never gets his dues, it won't be because of his product. &quot;Armchair Theatre&quot; is a fantastic recording. The songs are so strong that you hardly even notice George Harrison's excellent slide guitar work on 3 songs. While there's no rock on this album, there is a wide variety of pop here. 'Now You're Gone' is an energetic lament to a lost love featuring Indian(Asian) voices and percussionists. Jeff even does a couple of tunes by Harold Arlen(writer of Somewhere over the Rainbow.) Del Shannon sings backup on 'Blown Away' and ex-ELO mate Richard Tandy plays and sings on several tunes. It's a thoroughly enjoyable album that should be in every ELO fans collection.
B00000JMQE|2.0|I'm a huge Oz fan. I own all of Baum's Oz books and I've read them all numerous times. I've practically memorized the script of the 1939 Wizard of Oz movie. If I haven't convinced you that I'm obsessed, I even have an Oz cookbook! But I've only seen Return to Oz once, and I don't want to see it again.<br />The overall tone of the movie is way too dark for Oz, even though it seems as though it was intended to be a sequel to the 1939 Wizard of Oz. The whole insane asylum/electric shock treatment concept is rediculous, not to mention unbelievable. Why would Dorothy be considered insane for believing in Oz? She's only a little girl.<br />Other reviewers seem to think that Return to Oz is based on an actual story by L. Frank Baum. It's really a combination of two books, The Marvelous Land of Oz, and Ozma of Oz. But the two storylines are mixed together, and they're completely unlike either book. It's as if the writers of this movie never even read the books.<br />If you're a fan of the Wizard of Oz, the movie, and you want &quot;more of Oz&quot;, don't waste your money on Return to Oz. Instead, I would recommend reading Baum's books.<br />It's really no wonder Return to Oz wasn't as successful as The Wizard of Oz was.
B000002J1U|5.0|You could say they slowed down a little since 'Whole lotta love.' You could also say that nothing on this album got the radio exposure accorded their next. I say this is Zeppelin at their most eclectic and at their most confident and focused. <BR> In 1970 Plant's vocals were revolutionary and as applied to 'Immigrant Song,' almost supernatural. The 2:26 of that song encapsulates the essence of this band more than anything else they've ever done. No one else has done anything like it before or since. And how fortunate that Plant recorded 'Since I've Been Loving You' when he did. Those super-high notes were soon beyond him, but the power of that recording cemented the Zeppelin legend. <BR> Things do get pretty mellow after the first six songs but these guys show that they can do mellow as well as anyone. If I had to choose only one Zeppelin album to save, it would be &quot;III.&quot;
6305907145|3.0|As has been mentioned before, this is not a faithful adaptation of the book.  Some of the characters have been tinkered with in order that modern viewers might identify with them and one or two from the book are never even mentioned.  That being said, I found the movie, taken on its own merits, quite entertaining.  The director did take some liberties incorporating events and dialogue from Jane Austen's personal papers into the character of Fanny, but I did not find the changes to be entirely bad. Several changes and additions to the plot and characters are explained in the notes to the New York Public Library Collector's Edition of the book (which includes excerpts from Austens papers) and bolsters some of the director's more marked changes, such as the slavery issue and the \\"Completely Biased\\" history of the British monarchy.  All in all, not as good as the BBC Pride and Prejudice, but worth seeing.
B000099T2L|2.0|Upon purchasing this CD from Amazon.com, I was excited for it to arrive. Well, when I got it, I let the first track \\"Crazy in Love\\" play because that song is great. After the first track, songs like \\"Naughty Girl\\", Baby Boy\\" Featuring Sean Paul, and the awesome \\"Hip Hop Srar\\" played through. Now, I bought the imported version of this disc which includes \\"Work it Out\\", and \\"'03 Bonnie & Clyde\\" with Jay-Z.<br />As I was listening to this CD, I was thinking to myself, \\"This wasn't what I was expecting at all.\\" I was expecting a fresh, urban, head-bopping album. Instead, I heard a bunch of tired, sorry, and filler-sounding melodies and beats. Songs like \\"Signs\\" and \\"Gift from Virgo\\" I found incredibly cheesy. Writing about astrology and star signs? Uh-Uh. Not feeling it.<BR>I thought that Kelly Rowland's solo effort \\"Simply Deep\\" was pretty bad, but it surpasses \\"Dangerously in Love\\" by far. Even Michelle's solo debut was better with her gospel album. <br />Also, something that was bothering me was the question of why Beyonce named her album \\"Dangerously in Love\\". Track 11 on Destiny's Child's most recent album is titled \\"Dangerously in Love\\". And then Beyonce's first single from her album is titled \\"Crazy in Love\\". Why didn't she just call it \\"Crazy in Love\\"? Anyway, that has been bugging me.<br />About the album, I thought most of it was weak. I think she should have put out a better effort. I'll still probably purchase Beyonce's second album, but I hope that it's better than this.<br />Track 1 - Crazy in Love - Thumbs Up<BR>Track 2 - Naughty Girl - Thumbs Up<BR>Track 3 - Baby Boy - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 4 - Hip Hop Star - Thumbs Up<BR>Track 5 - Be With You - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 6 - Me, Myself, and I - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 7 - Yes - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 8 - Signs - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 9 - Speechless - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 10 - That's How You Like It - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 11 - The Closer I Get to You - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 12 - Dangerously in Love 2 - Thumbs Up<BR>Track 13 - Beyonce Interlude<BR>Track 14 - Gift from Virgo - Thumbs Down<BR>Track 15 - Work it Out - Thumbs Up<BR>Track 16 - '03 Bonnie & Clyde - Thumbs Up<br />Overall Grade: 70% (C-)
0140186409|5.0|Truly one the greatest books of all time, and my favorite book as well, from my favorite author. This book has two different chapter styles, one is the traditional story, the other is strange, poetic observational view of the immigrants plight as a whole and the twisted, corrupt world they must live through. The story begins with Tom Joad returning to his home in Oklahoma from prison. When he gets home however, he finds his family kicked off their farmland. Since the family before their eviction had been getting notices from california that made California seem like some kind of utopia full of food, long green fields, and happiness seeping from the land. So the family, along with some other people, head on to California across the country. Along the way however, the family witness  trauma, injustice, and hardships as they head onward to California. And when they finally get there, they recieve even more pain and agony, and are constantly geeting abused by the oppression and injustice forced upon them by everyone else around them, from the law enforcers, to the regular California citizens.<br />This book is not quite for the light of heart, or the hopeful and optimistic, and possibly conservative. This book hits you heavy, and leaves you in a glum, melancholy state. Any glimpse of hope or happiness found within the dark confines of this book is ripped apart, raped, and thrown into the infinite blackness within these pages. John himself that he wanted the reader to not quite feel satisfied but rather deppressed and sad after reading this book, And John succeeds greatly. John, who I consider the king of character emotion and development in literature, perfectly paints the dark and twisted world he set out to create, and has perfect characters to inhibatit it to boot. I won't tell you about anything else so you can read the book in a comftorble cloud of uncertainty, But prepare to see characters strained and twisted and bent under the injustice they must endure, as well as characters who break under it all.<br />The other style of chapters in  this book is interesting and further establishes this book's identity. It is a poetic style of prose that observes the plight of the immigrants as a whole, from their land evictions, to finding a car with the little money they have, to the journey westward and the perils that follow it, the the pain they must enudre in California. These chapters hit you so hard that you may find yourself recuperating from the book and laying down on the couch, resting your fractured head. This just makes the book all the more disturbing in its power.<br />Besides the fact that this book does drag on a little bit in a few parts, I can't really think of a problem with it. I have heard that some people (Mostly rule following scholars and other people of such a type) din't like it because of the book bring too sentimental, and the talkin' style of the Joads and immigrants was a littl' stupid or somethin' like that. I for one found the dialogue interestng, and anybody that thinks this book overtly sentamental is most likely an emotionally hardened, cold person. A true classic.l as characters who break under it all. <br />The other style of chapters in  this book is interesting and further establishes this book's identity. It is a poetic style of prose that observes the plight of the immigrants as a whole, from their land evictions, to finding a car with the little money they have, to the journey westward and the perils that follow it, the the pain they must enudre in California. These chapters hit you so hard that you may find yourself recuperating from the book and laying down on the couch, resting your fractured head. This just makes the book all the more disturbing in its power. <br />Besides the fact that this book does drag on a little bit in a few parts, I can't really think of a problem with it. I have heard that some people (Mostly rule following scholars and other people of such a type) din't like it because of the book bring too sentimental, and the talkin' style of the Joads and immigrants was a littl' stupid or somethin' like that. I for one found the dialogue interestng, and anybody that thinks this book overtly sentamental is most likely an emotionally hardened, cold person. A true classic.
B000002JB3|3.0|Phil Collins returns in stark contrast to the dark, sadness of 'Both Sides' with the much brighter, but less fulfilling 'Dance Into The Light'.  One of the first thing fans will notice is that the cover photo isn't a close-up of Phil's face -- a minor departure from the rest of his work.<br />Even while generally regarded as the weakest effort from Phil Collins, 'Dance' still has 4 or 5 catchy tunes that should satisfy Phil-fans.  The bouncy title track takes us back to the '80s with lots of horns and some earth-shattering drums.  Kind of reminds me of 'Something Happened On The Way To Heaven'.  There's the signature ballad that ranks right up there with the best love songs Phil can give us on 'The Same Moon'.  One wonders why it was never released as a single - it might have nudged up the album sales altogether.  With 'Lorenzo' Collins delves into the \\"world beat\\" scene and gives us a mind blowing display of the drums like only he can.  Other tracks that work well are 'Ought To Know By Now', the upbeat 'Take Me Down', and the twangy 'No Matter Who'.<br />Unfortunately, the album is littered with songs that should have been B-sides.  'Love Police' does absolutely nothing. 'That's What You Said' sounds like somebody's been influenced by too many 50's bee-bop albums -- and that's just not Phil.  Mysteriously, one of the weakest tracks, 'It's In Your Eyes' was released as a single and charted about exactly where it should: at #79.  Some reviews dismissed 'Wear My Hat' as a Paul Simon rip-off.  I liked it.  Puzzling is the Bob Dylan cover that ends Collins' sixth studio album.<br />Overall, it's not bad by any means.  While a few songs are vintage Phil, some of the album appears rushed, forced, and just doesn't seem to gel like his first four classic albums.  This one's strictly for the devoted fans.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|There are only good things to say about this CD. First of all, Gavin Degraw is an absolutely amazing performer. If you ever get a chance to see him live you should jump on that immediately. He has such power in his vocals and his band plays together very well. I've been waiting for awhile for this CD to come out. I've probably listened to it about 25 times through since I bought it two days ago. No, I am not sick of it either!<BR>The music is put together very well and some of the lyrics are very inspiring. There is so much spirit and soul in these songs. So much music sounds the same these days that it's nice to have a change and have someone with amazing vocals and an amazing talent on the piano. Don't even think twice about buying this CD. It exceeds the 12 dollars you pay for it!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Wow, What a great new artist who isn't like all the others. He plays piano and sings amazingly well. I gave this album 5 stars because it is truly awesome. Its great driving music, seriously! hah. anyways.. everyone needs to go out and get this album.
B00005RFQ5|1.0|I had a chance to listen to some of the tracks on this album, and frankly it was enough!<br />The no cursing and no sex is fine with me, but the music is just lack-luster and BORING as all get out!<br />The soud of the music is just down right DATED and over processed! Like he's trying too hard. It sounds like something from old worn out band from your local comedy club! For someone like Prince that's just unacceptable!<br />My goodness, I could have never suspected, of all people, that Prince would completely burn himself out like he has. And that's what this record sounds like--someone who has totally burned himself out and wouldn't know a hit if it tripped or bit him...<br />The Darth Vader like voice on the Rainbow Children track is gawd awlful! It does nothing what-so-ever to enhance the song no matter what your stand is on the man's lyrics--which just so happens not to be an issue with me. It's just irritating to the point of commiting violence against my sound system!<br />Although I highly dissagree with all the good reviews that many fans before me have posted, I have to keep it real: this is the worst Prince record I've ever heard and I've been a hardcore fan from the very beginning.<br />Prince needs to learn to get out of his own way if he is to ever make good music again. And making good music again doesn't mean all the old dirty stuff which he's too old for anyway.
B00005QDW1|2.0|... what happened to No Doubt over the years. I just can find few good songs, the rest is a real waste of time. What I like is:<BR>Hella Good, Hey Baby (though it took a long while till I did, Underneath It All, Don't Let Me Down and Waiting Room. Come on, thats not even half of the album... If you loved &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; and liked &quot;Return of Saturn&quot; you should better test this one before you buy it.... you might be very disappointed.
0375414053|5.0|Wow, this first novel is a goodie, written in diary-like first person narrative of Kate, mother of two living the good life and struggling to hold it all together: perfect kids, perfect job, perfect house, perfect marriage. She wants all that she has, wants still more, and knows the price on marriage, family, and self. But instead of being a downer, it's all told with high intelligence and humor, many laugh-aloud moments and some touching ones, and, for good measure, the men are often pretty good guys instead of insensitive cads.<BR>Even if you think you ought to be turned off by this book, even if it sounds like a light fluffy beach read, well, read it anyway. You'll be delightfully surprised.
B000001Y79|5.0|This is the best album No Doubt ever made. I especially like the tracks &quot;Excuse me Mr.&quot;. &quot;Just a girl&quot;, &quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Dont Speak&quot;. Its not such a mainstream album as the latest ones. Its a big pitty they went away from their original style so much....
0385504209|2.0|This book had such possibilities, but fell terribly short of achieving them! I'm running somewhere inbetween the person who gave it rave reviews and the gosh-awful trash-reviews. It's true, the very clever people in this book couldn't solve most of the clues fast enough for me (who in the world couldn't tell the one clue was written backwards -- come on!!!) This book was so interesting at times, I actually took notes - and so painfully boring at others, I had to force myself time after time to pick it up again just to finish it. Wish I'd stopped about 2/3 of the way through - my opinion and enjoyment factor would've been a lot higher! What a bunch of bunk at the end!!! For those who swallowed the bait Brown was dishing out - -here's some interesting info: Rearrange the letters in ELVIS and you will see LIVES - - therefore ELVIS LIVES!! It's a miracle!!!
0790743213|5.0|It's difficult to believe that a film which includes the knifing of a United Nations ambassador as well as several different attempts to murder an innocent man could be described as delightful entertainment...but that is true of this film, directed by Alfred Hitchcock and featuring Cary Grant in the lead role. Roger O. Thornhill (Grant) is the aforementioned innocent man. Hitchcock delineates consequences of mistaken identity, misplaced trust, being somewhere \\"at the wrong time,\\" acting on assumptions that later prove false, etc. These are devices which Hitchcock uses skillfully throughout many of his films. Who is \\"George Kaplan\\"? Whom does he threaten? Why? No brief commentary such as this can possibly do full justice to this film's immensely complicated plot. The acting is superb. Grant and Saint develop a unique on-screen chemistry which seems natural. I especially appreciate several of the scenes, notably when Thornhill is attacked by a crop-duster plane in a rural area in which there are no crops, and, the film's conclusion among (of all places) the faces of the Presidents on Mount Rushmore. The plot's pace is brisk but unhurried as Thornhill pursues understanding while fleeing from real or imagined dangers. Hitchcock allows Thornhill little of the self-assurance we associate with Grant's characters in other films. We share his confusion and frustration as he muddles through in one of Hitchcock's most entertaining films. Given the circumstances, perhaps survival is the best Thornhill can hope for.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I loved the music,and i still haven't found it for sale in stores..so maybe i will find it soon! it was an EXCELLENT movie and i can't wait to get my hands on the soundtrack..: D love that movie very very much!!!!<br />GO SEE IT!!! IT ROCKS!! and well Orli is pretty SEXY in it: P
6304698623|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful, beautiful movie. It only has 1 flaw: it's not entirely faithful to the book. In the movie, Sara and Becky are accused of stealing the the things that the &quot;magic&quot;<BR>brought and are therefore forced to cross a narrow plank seperating the school from the Indian Gentleman's house in the rain to escape the police. this is exciting,but it doesn't happen in the book. I'm giving it 5 stars anyway because it is <BR>an absolutley beautiful movie and it is the director's call to decide to tweak things. I reccommend watching it because Sara Crewe is the nicest princess you'll ever find
0316666343|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I was never bored reading it and Seybold's writing style is lovely. I found all of the characters interesting and did not find that it was a \\"feel good\\" disappointment as it says in some of the other reviews.  Since the story is told from the point of view of the victim - a 14 yr old girl - I found the style appropriate.  If you are looking for all of life's questions about death, heaven, justice and grief to be answered in this book, you will be disappointed, but if you take it at face value, you will enjoy it.  I do wish a couple items at the end were different, such as what happens to the killer and to her body, but I think the message is - life doesn't always turn out the way we wish it would.  Overall, I loved this book and found it very touching and sweet.
6304082428|5.0|I very strongly reccommend this movie. I have watched it 5000 times and I havn't gotten tired of it yet!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This CD is AMAZING! Absolutly one of the best new artists I have herd! His lyrics and music are such a good mix, I am blown away. A true artist is shinning so bright off this Album! Go get it, no doubt you'll fall in love!
B00006IU73|5.0|Guitar-driven, lively, kind-of-progressive, a bit techno, high-energy rock. It sounded good on the first listen, better by the third, and I was hooked by the fifth.<br />The lyrics are not lame like typical prog rock, and the songs vary more in style than prog albums typically do. The variation makes it really hard to pin these guys down. That's why you see reviews comparing them to various groups. But I think the comparison is unfair. This is not just rehashed or blended from other bands. It's good, original stuff.<br />But if I've absolutely got to name someone that \\"if you like them, you'll like this\\", it's Pink Floyd. But... if you think Depeche Mode is pretty good but a bit depressing, this might be your ticket. Or if you wish Dream Theater were a bit more disciplined (as I do), give this a try.<br />I don't see why the first cut (Blackest Eyes) is not a big radio hit. \\"Trains\\" is also good, and deserves special kudos for being able to blend a banjo into smooth rock and make it fit and sound good. But there isn't a weak cut here.
B000002JSJ|3.0|1977's Presence was a an album which showed Zeppelin could make a halfway terrible album and still have a few cuts on it to make it sound halfway decent. Tea for One is a mind-blower, to say the least. Rock n roll music  was, I say WAS, an offspring of the blues. How much blues do you here in todays modern music? See what I mean? I am curious to hear the remaster since I only have the vinyl (an original, by the way). I'm sure Page was in charge of it, at least I hope he was. ALS also is a rocker. Candy store rock shows the Zep still had a sense of humor. But this was 1977. Zeppelin had some serious competition...namely Pink Floyd's Animals and Rush's A Farewell To Kings (both totally AMAZING ALBUMS). But Zeppelin was growing weary by now and it showed even in their live performances (a riot erupted in Tampa Stadium after the band called it quits after about 10 minutes due to a little rain). The following album, In Through the Out Door would prove to be their worst album, as well as their last. Presence isn't bad. But it ain't no I-IV or Physical Grafitti. 31/2 stars.
B000067CPX|5.0|I've been listening to this non-stop for almost a year now and it's just an incredible mix of funk, rock and mellow tunes that only the RHCP could pull off.  You can find something on it for any mood. From Can't Stop to the mellow Warm Tape and Venice Queen combo.  Saw them in concert in May and it was awesome.  Highly recommend this for your collection, it's worth every penny and you'll play it for years to come.
B000084T18|4.0|Dre announced this one as the next hip-hop classic -- and when it comes to the beats he was right. When it comes to the content, it's just about on par. No doubt, 50cent has a compelling lyrical flow and a talent that is certianly worth noting. His downfall is that he's a day late and a dollar short with his Gangster image. Had 50cent emerged at the dawn of gangster rap, he would have carved out his place as one of rap's legends. However, part of being a legend is being original. And while the beats produced by dre achieve that goal (typical of Dre), the lyrics are anything but original. Having lived the gangster life in his past, 50 seems almost too proud of his wounds -- presenting them as military stripes as opposed to warning shots of a dubious lifestyle. 50 would be better advised with perhaps being more editorial about the street life -- even if presenting it objectively -- as opposed to adopting the played out thug image.<br />Stand out tracks are \\"In Da Club\\" (of course)and \\"Many Men\\".
B00005JM09|5.0|It has been 12 years since we followed the lives of John and Sarah Connor, and their personal Protector, The Terminator. Jonathan Mostow brings to life James Cameron's original charaters, in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.<br />Arnold Schwarzenegger returns as the T-101. This time to protect John Connor(Nick Stahl), and Kate Brewster(Claire Danes) from the new model of terminator. The T-X(Kristanna Loken).<br />This movie brings together what everyone loved and remember from the first two movies, and added to the element of the movies. Now with the use of computer graphics, you have a whole new aspect to the series. This will keep you on the edge of your seat with it's tremendous action sequences. Who knows, there might even be a T4.
B000002MP2|5.0|Its Great, I love every song here, is a must have for all green day fans, but...<BR>It is not the best Green day. They have 7 other albums and they all have songs just as good as this. This is just there most well known. Buy this definitly (right now there are like 200 of these for 80 cens) Bust also buy all there others.
B00005UKE0|4.0|I love George Harrison.  This album is very well put together.  My fav. songs are \\"My Sweet Lord\\" (my most favorite song, I wish this song was a tad longer), \\"Wah-Wah\\" (the only problem with this song is that the music drowns out George's voice, you can barely hear him, but I still like the song anyway) , \\"I'd Have You Anytime\\" (makes me fall asleep, because the music is so relaxing), \\"Isn't A Pity\\", (I think this song is so beautiful, someone wrote that this song was too long, I didn't think so, I love the backround vocals at the end of the song), \\"Let It Down\\", \\"My Sweet Lord 2000\\", (it takes a while to get use to because, he was ill and he doesn't sound as he did on the orginal one to tell you the truth, I thought it was someone else singing this song, I like the orginal one better).<br />I like the second disc, \\"Let It Roll\\" (one of favorite songs on the 2nd disc), I thought the song \\"Apple Scruffs\\" was cute.  \\"All Things Must Pass\\" is a very nice song.  The song \\"Awaiting On You All\\", gets me wondering about his religion, in \\"My Sweet Lord\\" he sings about Hare Krishna, which has something to do with Hinduism; then in this song he says something about Jesus, so is he an Christian?  I know nothing about Hinduism, I'm a Christian; but that won't stop me from listening to his music.  I really didn't care for the original jams too much, I think it is a waste on space on this disc, they're okay. If you're an up coming George Harrison fan, please start off with this album.  Other people kill me saying that George should have had Paul & John help him on this album; I think he did very well without them.  This is a must have, God Bless you George & Rest In Peace.
B00005JM09|5.0|I have to say, I really thought this movie was an excellent continuation of the story - I went to the theater full of doubt, and was wholly impressed.<BR>Good points:<BR>The story line is strong, and interesting.<BR>It explains fully how and why this could happen, even after T2.<BR>The acting is excellent.<BR>The action sequences are very well done.<BR>There is no Sarah Connor in it. ;-) (She was fine in T1, but in T2 she makes me wanna gag. :p)<br />Bad points: <BR>It's a lot like the other two movies (well, duhhhhh - it's following the same story line, naturally it's going to be similiar).<BR>John Connor's part is played well, but he, physically, doesn't fit the role as well as others might have.<BR>A LOT of time is spent on a huge chase scene, rather than progressing the plot and furthering the story.<br />In closing, if you enjoyed either of the two previous Terminator movies, you'll enjoy this one; if Terminator movies \\"just aren't your thing\\", don't waste your time - because this won't be 'your thing', either. <br />:-)
B00005N9CV|5.0|This CD will pull on your heartstrings in a marvelous way.  Her pitch-perfect voice and the excellent selection of songs make this CD a must-have for any collection.  Her renditions of these timeless classics are wonderful and will satisfy even the most exacting Jazz enthusiasts.  This is one cool, sexy CD.  Buy it, you won't regret it.
6301763041|5.0|Cry BAby is the most aawesome movie eva! Johnny Depp is lookin' HOT! I'm sure every girl who sees this movie would die to be Allison. Cry Baby is my favorite movie ever! If you haven't seen it yet you should you'll love it!
0425180638|1.0|This is the first book I've ever read by Cornwell and involving Kay. Maybe this was the wrong book to start on but I thought it was boring. Also, why the detail on how Kay is feeling all the time. She's mad, hurt, upset, hasn't been a good friend, etc. The part that I really didn't like is when Berger and Scarpetta are watching the video of the prime murder suspect being questioned.  It goes on for pages!  Totally unnecessary.  If this is how the other books are, then I've read my first and last book by Cornwell.
B000001XN2|4.0|Her trills is gorgeous in her second big aria. And lo and behold she sticks a high D that shames every singer alive at that time. I know she's a great Verdi singer. But I didn't know how great she was until this. The voice is sublime. It puts Caballe and Tebaldi and Callas to shame. And I'm a fan of those divas.<BR>Corelli is also super. But that transposing down a tone in his great aria is inexcusilbe. I don't like the gypsy however, Simionato sounds harsh and ugly. I know she's supposed to sound like an old hag, but this is rediculous. Still, with all these faults, a four star because of Price's divine singing!!!<BR>The sound is pretty bad, but I've heard worst.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Graceful Gavin is a breath of fresh air to us &quot;Guys with Guitars&quot; fanatics.<br />His piano introduces a fresh perspective, the clarity of his voice and moving rythyms put you into a mood for the upcoming autumn.  His lyrics are deep and meaningful, I mean, who can't relate to &quot;I don't want to anything other than what I've trying to be lately?&quot;, in his attempt to get the world to back off!<br />Very well written, more than listenable, Gavin is going to make it big!<br />Buy the album, you won't be disapointed!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|listen - gavin degraw is one of the most amazing live performers i have ever heard - and this CD did not disappoint in capturing what is so electrifying about gavin. his voice is so passionate and nimble and raw. his message is accessible and easy to identify with. quite simply, gavin rocks!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is an excellent CD!! Gavin is very talented, both live in concert and in the studio!! If you like Billy Joel, John Mayer or Sister Hazel, you'll love Gavin Degraw!!!
B000000WJZ|5.0|It was 1996: I was about 11 years old and obsessed with the alternative rock scene.  Radio was actually something I rejoiced to listen to, as was MTV.  Out came a huge band from chicago I had never heard of until that point.  With their crashing cymbals, layered  distorted guitars, and nasally vocals of Billy Corgan, I felt I'd met a true musical force that fit my musical taste.  Me being me, I always backtracked into a band's catalog before looking too much into their current release.  So when Mellon Collie was an obvious hit, I revelled in the perfectionist work of Siamese Dream.  One of the first things I noticed from the album was Billy Corgan's sense of melodicism and craft .   On the surface, the songs seemed to be heavy guitar bombast.  However, when looking beyond the riffing, I could see that the songs themselves had very unique structures as well as a  n allure that kept me listening for months on end.  While the alternative era of music has all but ended, great music will always live on.  For the past 7 years, the pumpkins have remained a mainstay on my catalog of music; and will always continue to be one.
B000099T2L|4.0|I am very impressed with Beyonce's first solo effort.  It is unquestionable that Ms. Knowles has profound talent, which is often shielded by the aura of Destiny's Child.  The album is full of innovative and lyrical songs.  My only criticism, however, is that there are perhaps too many consecutive ballads (I subtracted 1/2 of a star for that).  Otherwise, Beyonce and her work are extremely refreshing, in comparison to the overhwelming monotony of the music industry since 2001.  \\"Dangerously In Love\\" is definately a keeper, and I guaruntee it will have a long shelf-life.  I will enclose a track-by-track critique of the album.<br />TRACK-BY-TRACK CRITIQUE<br />1.  Crazy In Love (feat. Jay-Z) - *EXCELLENT SONG* (FIRST SINGLE)  This song is the summer's smash hit and Beyonce's second solo single (\\"Work It Out\\" being the first); innovative background music; great rap by Jay-Z; catchy lyrics; one of my favorites!<br />2.  Naughty Girl - *GREAT SONG* cool Middle Eastern vibe; great vocals; one of my favorites.<br />3.  Baby Boy (feat. Sean Paul) - *EXCELLENT SONG* could easily become the next single; Sean Paul's rap is always great; cool Indian background music; another favorite of mine!<br />4.  Hip Hop Star (feat. Big Boi & Sleepy Brown) - *GOOD SONG* good vocals; bizarre background music; cool rapping by Big Boi & Sleepy Brown<br />5.  Be With You - *EXCELLENT SONG* my favorite ballad on the album; kind of a 70's funk feel; stellar vocals by Beyonce!<br />6.  Me, Myself, and I - *GREAT SONG* another ballad with inspirational lyrics; great vocals; similar feel to \\"Be With You.\\"<br />7.  Yes - *OKAY SONG* somewhat monotonous ballad; exceptional lyrics :); good vocals (I'm not really feeling it though)<br />8.  Signs (feat. Missy Elliott) - *EXCELLENT SONG* a great collaboration (Beyonce's has been featured on two Missy Elliott albums); unique lyrics involving the zodiac signs; very catchy track with the potential to be another single!<br />9.  Speechless - *GOOD SONG* I love Beyonce's vocals in this ballad; lyrics are thought-provoking; a bit long (except you don't realize it with Beyonce's powerful ad-libs); another favorite.<br />10.  That's How You Like It (feat. Jay-Z)- *GOOD SONG* kind of breaks the chain of ballads; up-tempo beat with a good dose of Jay-Z's rhymes; different from \\"Crazy In Love.\\"<br />11.  The Closer I Get To You (with Luther Vandross) - *EXCELLENT SONG* At first, I was thinking it would be retarded.  I was completely wrong!  Both Beyonce and Mr. Vandross do an exceptional job on this powerful duet/ballad!<br />12.  Dangerously In Love 2 - *GREAT SONG* I'm neutral on which version of this song I like better (#1 being on Destiny's Child's \\"Survivor\\").  I like the instrumentals on this one, but I like the feel of #1.<br />14.  Gift From Virgo - *GREAT SONG* short and sweet; great lyrics (a continuation of the zodiac theme lol); background music is very nice.<br />15.  (BONUS TRACK) \\"Daddy\\" - *OKAY SONG* nothing really special about the song except the touching lyrics dedicated to her father, Matthew Knowles.
0316666343|2.0|This is one of those books that sounds so promising and exciting.  But unfortunately, I didn't buy the story.  Any of it.  No character struck me as remotely authentic, except Ray Singh's mother, and she was still a flatly-written, cliched character.  I didn't believe the dialog between anyone, particularly for the time period in which the novel was set.  Everyone was, to me, a &quot;type&quot;, and as much as the main character, Susie, was charming in her way, I didn't believe for a second that anyone outside her immediate family would be that affected by her death.  It's just not human nature; I'm sorry.  I know that 1973 was a more &quot;innocent&quot; time, but there was still enough going on that a girl's murder would not have resonated as Sebold wrote it.  And because the story is told in the aftermath, I never got a sense of what was so special about Susie that made everyone fall to pieces.  I think the author hit on a clever idea, but I feel like I'm reading her rough draft rather than the thoughtful, exploratory study of human nature that this book could have been.
B000056VJ7|5.0|Very, very, very simple...LISTEN to the music..pay attention to the guitar and drums especially.....listen to a singer who can actually sing...yea, that's a tough call how to rate this album..unless you're someone who thinks Linkin Park is real music, or you were invited in on the Bat Out of Hell project, but then balked at the last second because you didn't think the album had \\"it\\"(and became a bitter person because of it) would be the only reason why you wouldn't like this album, as one particular viewer, who rated it so low, and wrote a totally senseless review...over the top..yea, probably, but that's the whole point...you have Todd Rundgren and Max Weinberg on here for crying out loud...how could the opening track not get something going?!(and NO, I'm not some 50 yr old guy with a feeling of nostalgia from back in the day)..I just turned 30, and am actually more partial towards heavier music honestly...however, I don't pigeonhole myself into just that category, and am pretty openminded(ie:I don't consider this to be a \\"heavy\\" album) ...sorry to ramble, but listen to this album..it may take two listens to get it..you'll understand what I'm talking about
B00004T9UF|5.0|I no it's kinda weird when that I got it in this order, but I started liking eminem the first album i bought was THE EMINEM SHOW, and I loved it. So then i bought the 8 mile soundtrack witch i thought was ok. Then I got the Slim Shady LP I liked it! Then just a week ago I bought this CD by shady. <BR>This is the order of shady's best albums<BR>The Marshall Mathers LP 5/5<BR>The EMINEM SHOW 5/5<BR>The Slim Shady LP 4/5<BR>The 8 Mile soundtrack 3/5<br />So if you like Hip-Hop and Hardcore Rap, then get this cd and maybe other cd's by EMINEM most of them are great.
0783226063|3.0|I used to hate the lynch version, mostly becauwse I've seen the 2000 SciFi remake, and I didn't have an open mind toward the Lynch version. When they showed the complete Lynch on the SciFi Channel I decided to watch it with an open mind, and it was better than what I used to think. The complete version was easier to understand than the 2 hour theatrical version. This is a pretty good movie once I opened my mind, except for the worms they look like puppets, but I guess having seen the worms in the 2000 remake it's a little unfair to compare. This is a good movie once I warmed up to it, but I still think the 2000 version is much more faithful to the book and better than this version, but this 1984 movie is good.
B000002WCJ|5.0|This is one of the best heavy metal albums ever recorded, period(.)  You can thank Helloween for the existance of power metal.  These guys pretty much started the whole thing with their unique style of playing.  I'm not sure the term \\"Power Metal\\" existed when this was released, so I wonder how it was categorized.  Well, the late 90s saw the birth of an underground metal trend(yes, the underground has it's own trends.  Remember the death metal explosion in the early nineties?  Then the black metal explosion in the mid nineties?): Power Metal.  Everybody and their brother wants to be a in a power metal band now, but here's some food for thought:  For every one good band, there's about ten terrible ones.  Same goes for any genre(especially black metal).  Keeper Of The Seven Keys 2 smokes any of the power metal wannabees that have been crawling out of the woodwork for the last few years.  This album is 100% amazing and I am not exaggerating.  This is as essential to a power metal fan as Sgt. Pepper is to a Beatles fan.  There isn't one bad song here-sure, there's ones better than others, but NO bad songs!  In fact, I'd think people who don't usually like heavy metal could get into this just based on the great, cathy songs.  Those into music will appreciate the way these guys milk their instruments for all they're worth.  And Kiske?  I know he's kind of a cult icon, but why in God's name isn't he ranked up there with Halford and Dickinson??  Man oh mighty, can this guy wail like he means it!!  I always get the chills when he bellows out the last few lines of the title track-Yikes!  Sure, the formula had been copied many times since(I won't share those bands with you-I'm sure you know who they are), but you must \\"adjust for time\\" when you listen to it.  Hell, you might not even have to do that-these songs defy any kind of \\"dated\\" sound if you ask me.  You must get this album, you must.  The only problem with getting this is that every Helloween album you get afterwards won't quite live up to this one.  Sure, they have some other great albums, but they'd never make one like this again, nosiree Bob!won't quite live up to this one.  Sure, they have some other great albums, but they'd never make one like this again, nosiree Bob!
0385504209|5.0|Secular readers of &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; have been given a unique opportunity to \\"proselytize\\" amongst their believer friends; all they have to do is recommend this historical-fiction best seller to them.<br />By some stroke of good luck, I read the \\"Da Vinci Code\\" shortly after I had just finished \\"The Skeptical Feminist\\" by Barbara Walker.  And while the Walker book was published in 1987 (million or so copies sold), I was totally unfamiliar with it until recently.  I mention Brown's work at this time, because, if your readers really want to fully appreciate \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" reading \\"The Skeptical Feminist\\" first, will prove to be invaluable.<br />While \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" is historical fiction (as is the Bible) there is enough merging of \\"actual\\" history, with an engaging mystery story, to make this book an easy, enjoyable read.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|After waiting patiently for months for Gavin DeGraw's CD to come out, I picked it up on July 22nd and listened to it over and over. Before Gavin's cd came out, &quot;[Nice To Meet You] Anyway&quot; and &quot;I Don't Want To Be&quot; were my FAVORITE Gavin songs, but after one time listening to &quot;Over-Rated&quot;, I couldn't pick favorites anymore. AHHHH they're all soooo great! Piano Rock ROCKS!!! This New York City guy is gonna make it BIG.
0316666343|4.0|The Lovely Bones falls into the rare category of novels that are still in hardback, still high on the NY Times Bestseller list after an entire year, and compelling enough that I'm writing a review of it six months after I read it.  The formula is simple:<br />It's a gimmick (girl narrating from beyond the grave) attached to a decent novel.  It's not the next To Kill a Mockingbird, it's not going to be on high school reading lists twenty years from now, and if you're expecting that I think you're setting yourself up for disappointment.<br />I think it would appeal to people who read Danielle Steele or James Patterson and want something a tad more literary; and to those who read John Irving or Joyce Carol Oates who want a good, quick beach novel; it's not going to appeal to people who prefer Joyce or Hegel or Baudelaire, to men whose wives force them to read it, or to people who expect that it's going to change their lives.<br />To me it holds a certain sentimentality because Sebold really marvelously captures the heart of a suburban teenage girl, and I think anyone who ever was one will especially love it.<br />Looking back at other reviews, some of the sentences *were* clunky, but I guess I was too caught up in the story to notice.  And the supernatural scene that occurs at the end is wacky, but I loved it.<br />So suspend disbelief and just *enjoy* it - and I guarantee you'll be glad you read it.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|let me just say that gavin degraw is amazing and his debute album shows it!! if you like the john mayer/ jason mraz/ maroon 5 sound then you will love him. hes great on the piano and also someone you have to see live. support him and let him know that we all love his music!! please check him out.. you wont regret it.
0783229526|5.0|This is definitely one of those movies that you either love or hate, but I am one of those who LOVES it.  I think it is hilarious and extremely quotable.  Also, I think this may be one of Johnny's finest performances.  He has Hunter pinned;  he even sounds like him.  I love it!  Anyway, I highly recommend the film...I couldn't stop laughing.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|My room-mate bought this CD yesterday and set it as her wake up call. For the first time ever I was happy to be woken up at 5:30 in the morning. Gavin Degraw's music is so uplifting that it was impossible for me to grumpily roll over and go back to sleep, as I normally do. The beautiful melodies and almost conversational lyrics stayed with me all day! Chariot is definitely my new favorite. I'm sure it won't be long before the whole world recognises Gavin's talent as a singer, writer and pianist, and many more people will spend their mornings smiling.
B0000A1RJI|3.0|I saw the film PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN twice in theaters, and was most impressed by the music.  My friends and I speculated that the score was written by Hans Zimmer, but when the credits rolled we learned that it was actually by Klaus Badelt, who has collaborated with Zimmer on other projects.  The connection shows through - some of the film's rousing battle sequences were underscored with music that wasn't just reminiscent of Zimmer's roaring &quot;The Barbarian Horde&quot; from the GLADIATOR score; at times, it seemed that Badelt was downright borrowing music from GLADIATOR.  But while distracting, this was so fitting that I was willing to forgive him that.  I cam out of the theater most impressed by the score and eager to buy the album as soon as it released.<br />I had high expectations for this soundtrack, because of what I recalled from the theater.  Right off the bat, it failed to deliver.  As I recall, the film opens with spooky, dark music while Elizabeth stands at the ship's bow singing; why, then, does &quot;Fog Bound&quot; begin with a jaunty strings solo reminiscent of something from Mark Isham's OCTOBER SKY score?  Perhaps my memory is betraying me again.  Regardless, the opening track disappointed me.  I recall how strong the music was as the burning ship first comes into view and as the boats are launched into the water.  I can't even tell if these cues are on the soundtrack; if they are, they have lost their effect without the accompanying visuals.<br />Another thing quickly grew to bother me in the first few tracks.  It seems that Badelt composed a single heroic theme for use in the film; it is used so often that it grows oppressive.  This didn't bother me in the theater - but Zimmer's GLADIATOR and most John Williams scores can stand on their own without needing a film to make them work.  Some more variety in music would have been nice.<br />I've also noticed (again, perhaps my memory's fault) that the music and the track title appear to, in fewcases, be connected.  It's as though they took random snippets of the score and felt that the listener needed to be able to tie them into the film so they stuck on a track title that corresponds with one of the scenes in the film.  While this doesn't diminish listening enjoyment, it certainly does puzzle me.<br />All-in-all, this soundtrack disappoints.  I am convinced that they could have chosen the music they used for this disc better; the condensed soundtracks for both the STAR WARS prequels are excellent examples of eliminating almost half a film's music and leaving an entertaining, listenable disc.  PIRATES features some great action music that's certainly worth listening to, and if you enjoyed the film's main themes, they're on here plenty of times.  But if you want a similar soundtrack that offers a much better listening experience independent of the movie, check out Hans Zimmer's GLADIATOR instead.
0440236738|4.0|This is the first book by Mr. Coben that I've read. It was immediately engaging and a compelling read. The characters were fleshed out and the plot had enough twists to keep you guessing.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Awesome, the orchestra adds texture and fills that allow the band to emphasise the potent riffs, crunchy tight rythmns and razor edged solos. All backed with the furious precision of blisteringly fast percussion.<br />Hetfield sings from the heart while Lars goes completely insane during One - until you have heard that song on this DVD you have not truly heard it. This may well be Metallica at the very height of their musical abilities. If so this will be a fitting tribute.<br />The production quality of the DVD is fantastic. Audio is the best I have heard, camera work is very good, and the bonus material is truly that and not just filler for the sake of the format. <br />And your neighbours will love it.
0688170528|5.0|I would have to say that &quot;The Pact&quot; was the best novel I have read in quite a while. The format in which it was written made it so much better--going back and forth from past and present. The author was able to truly capture the essence of the human spirit in this novel. I was amazed by it and found it to be very beautiful. This book was somewhat about a crime,and it could have been a cheesy crime drama, but she was able to build so much around it that it became a wonderful novel. This was a novel that once I opened it, I wanted to do nothing but continue reading it. It felt so real,and some sections of the novel were almost heartbreaking. What I loved about this book, is that Ms. Picoult was able to portray love and grief, without cliches, it was portrayed originally and beautifully, and that it why it is such an outstanding novel.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This could be the album of this decade, as in my view Achtung baby was that of the 90's, why, because it is consistent from beginning to end, obviously inspired by something higher, and because it carries a message, but...unlike Achtung Baby, you have to be in the right frame of mind to listen to this, as it can otherwise become annoying. <BR>A message to CD makers in Mexico: the quality of your cd's stink, I had to buy the imported special edition in order to get descent sound.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This is what we have all been waiting for! Interesting music, beautiful voice, honest lyrics. This is singing in its purest form. No special effects..just Gavin at his best. This is music you can enjoy. Sit back and relax and let the music wash over you!
0783231482|5.0|Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi, probably the best SNL cast members ever (along with Gilda Radner) play Elwood and Jake Blues in this comedy that I never get bored of watching. The story is engaging, the acting is great, the car chases are, well...expensive and the music is amazing. I strongly recommend this to anyone and if you have yet to see it I envy you. You're in for a real treat.
B000002JNJ|5.0|Phil Anselmo has always claimed a soft spot in my heart, as well as in my music collection. 'Cowboys...' was an affirmation of angst for me, in my prime as a teenager; even more so than I did then, I respect Pantera for their musical efforts - not to mention the Vulgar videos! 'Cowboys...' starts with the track that bears the same name; lyrically, its' hilarity is never lost by me, but altogether, the song would not be what it is without them. 'Primal Concrete Sledge' is what reminds me that Vinnie Paul, is still one of the most masterful double-kick bass drummers in metal today, maybe even one of the forefathers for todays black, nu, speed and death metal drummers. 'Pyscho Holiday' and 'Heresy' keep up tempo for the slightly more rock ballad-esque 'Cemetery Gates'; Anselmos' display of vocal ability on this track defies human capability! 'Domination' is where all likenesses to any pop/rock end; you cannot deny the furious, raw brutality of Vinnie Paul, teamed up with brother, Dimebag Darryl...the best bits? 'The Art of Shredding', 'Cowboys From Hell  'Primal Concrete Sledge'...Pantera reaches a far more crafted sound with 'Far Beyond Driven' - I would recommend that in addition to 'Cowboys From Hell', as well as 'The Great Southern Trendkill' and 'Reinventing the Steel'.
0783226160|5.0|This has to be one of the best comedies of all time, John Belushi in the role that made him famous is absolutely hilarious to watch and this film also features I performance of 'Shout' that just makes you wanna get up and dance. Although this film can be a bit crude at times it still remains and probably will remain one of my favourite films. I recommend this film if you liked American Pie and Old School (although they will never come close to Animal House, the film that spawned them all)
B000002H97|5.0|Whether you love this album for it's content, whether you love this album because it received rave reviews within the industry is completely irrelevant; most people, including myself, love this album because it is true genius. Not since the release of Metallica's 'Master of Puppets' have they truly regained their lost Burton-esque sound. Although a lot of Metallica's musicianship on this album differs from the intermediate thrash featured on 'Master...', the quality of sound has remained. With pop producer Bob Rock on the case, who knew we could have expected such a masterpiece! Who would've thought?<BR>But, this aside, 'Metallica' (more lucratively known as the Black Album) is an album that every music fan/listener should own, regardless of whether you are a metal fan or not... and if you don't, then - why not?<BR>The albums opens with the stark and unpolished 'Enter Sandman' riff. Right from the word go, the musicality has you drawn in - 'Enter Sandman' was the song that would keep me up all night as a child if I heard it and that fact somewhat still remains with me. From beginning to finish the album ravages the heart and pulverises the ears. Best bits? The haunting and ballad-esque 'The Unforgiven', the romantic 'Nothing Else Matters', the heretical 'The God that Failed' and 'Of Wolf and Man'. When you can purchase it, try getting your hands on a copy of the 1993 Australian Tour Gold Signature Edition.
0783225210|4.0|Although many people find this film largely unfunny I find it hilarious. They got John Belushi to play the same kind of character that he did in Animal House and, in my opinion, it works!! Dan Aykroyd is also as funny as ever, he gets a bump on the head and does some crazy things that are sure to make you laugh. This film is worth renting just to see John Belushi's many comedy falls and Dan Aykroyd's impression of a bug.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I have been anxiously awaiting the release of a true new york talent.  Chariot has given me hope that there are still true musicians out there that does not have to make his music by relying on someone else's talent.  I would recomend to anyone to purchase this CD and if presented with the chance to attend a live gavin show to do so.
0767825411|5.0|This is a great example of a classic film that everyone owns or has at least seen. This film perfectly displays Dan Aykroyd's and Harold Ramis' great comedy writing talents and Bill Murray's ability to make people laugh. With a great theme song, a great story, great comedy, great characters played by great actors and well, kinda outdated special effects this film is just great fun to watch!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|As a lover of all things music, I'm always looking for new artists to get into. When I came across Gavin Degraw on a message board a few months ago I was ecstatic! His remarkable voice and his talent for playing, singing, and writing music is amazing! His style reminds me a bit of Jason Mraz with upbeat music and a hint of jazz. This album is his first, and will definitely not be his last! It's full of catchy songs that will knock you off your seat! If you're into Mraz, John Mayer, or any other acoustic/singer-songwriter music, (or even if you're not) CHECK HIM OUT!!! I promise you WON'T regret it!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I am simply blown away by every song on Gavin's cd. He is a fabulous musician and puts everything he has into his music. The lyrics are so well written and every song just flows. My personal favorite is &quot;Dreams&quot;. But you also get a variety with this cd, from his soul/rock to almost acoustic you wont be disappointed! This is a vary rare cd, because there is not even an ok song on the cd, every song is simply amazing! I love it!!
6305263248|5.0|Could have been better if we knew what was in the case!
0142004235|5.0|I've always wanted to read more classical literature but I just didn't know where to begin. Bad memories of high school English class haunted me into my adulthood and limited my reading. Therefore I was very enthusiastic when Oprah's announced the idea of her new book club focusing on the classics. I thank her for giving me a means to read books that have stood the test of time. I believe EAST OF EDEN was a wonderful first selection as its plot is great in depth and scope. Primarily set in the early 20th century (beginning during The Civil War and ending with World War I), this book follows the life of Adam Trask as he finds his own Eden in the Salinas Valley of California. The characters are three-dimensional and believable. The most comprehensive is Cathy, Adam's wife with a very dark soul and is full of evil and hate. I have certainly never met a character like her before. Also unforgettable is Lee, Adam's Chinese-American servant who always managed to add much great philosophical insights into the events unfolding in the Trask household. In addition to the excellent character development Steinbeck included social commentaries on the founding of the West. I believe he did a very good job of balancing the good and the bad of Western expansion, particularly in regards to racial issues. I also appreciated Steinbeck's method of writing himself into the story as the narrator and even using his real name that is indeed rare. I didn't rush through this book as I would normally do but rather savored each chapter, however small or big. It has been a long time since I have read a book that has captured me like EAST OF EDEN has. This book will reside in a special place on my bookcase further enabling me to enjoy it for year to come. Bravo!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin is one of the most taltented new musicians out there.  Usually when I find a new artist to listen to I try to describe them by comparing them to other musicians.  In this case it is impossible, Gavin has is own unique style.  His music is fablous.  I would recommend this album to anyone who is into  Dave Matthews Band, John Mayer, Counting Crows, Howie Day, or David Gray.  This is a must buy!
B00009TB5G|5.0|I am a long-term lover of the Professors marvelous creation. That is if he indeed create it-it may have always been there and he only the discoverer.  I have been reading the Work at least once through every couple of years since the early 70's!  If Middle Earth was a real place I'd pack my bags and move there with stopover in OZ along the way!  The Work is a nearly perfect fantasy!<BR>I too was originally bothered by the changes in the story of the Two Towers.  Boromir and Faramir are black and white good and bad. Peter Jackson just made Faramir a little gray! <BR>I believe the issue that Jackson wanted to magnify with this change was who VOLUNTARILY gives up the ring.  SPOILER! SPOILER! There are only two people in the entire story who has touched the ring who does this and that is Bilbo and Sam!  There are several rather important people into whos grasps the ring comes.  Gandalf, Elrond, Galadreal and Faramir are ultimately are not caught by the ring and Boromir was caught!  If the ring gets to Minis Tirith all is lost!  Sauron will prevail and his greatest spoil will be the ring.  The ring knows this and it is constantly trying to get there!  Jackson is, I believe, trying to emphasize this.  Even if the Nazgul saw Frodo in Osgilith he will just assume that all is well and the ring is indeed in Minis Tirith with those silly weak men! <BR>I believe that he could have kept our favorite son as snowy white but in terms of the movie he wouldn't have been quite as interesting.  This does not affect the overall story or intent. Most importantly Faramir refuses the temptation and lets Frodo and Sam go!<BR>The Ent storyline seemed strangely truncated.  I believe that much of the new footage in the extended version will fix much of that!<BR>On the positive side-for the first time we have a living, breathing Gollum!  Practically as real as a heart attack!  The team, including Andy Serkis, should have been given a special academy award for an outstanding achievement.  Thankfully there is always the last movie!<BR>Both movies have been more faithful to the book than it ever wood have been if it had been hacked up by Hollywood!  Chris Rock would have ended up as Gollum and it would all have taken place on the streets of Beverly Hills and be about an hour and a half long!<BR>And if the finally to this thing lives up to the first two movies we have quite a treat in store!<BR>So calm down all my fellow Tolkien Nazis and enjoy the show!
B00005JM09|1.0|This is a dreadful movie, it's everything you've seen before and even more boring than T2.  I love the original Terminator which is a true classic, T2 was a silly remake of the first movie without all the violence and chill factor.  T3 is remake of T1 with all action stolen from T2 and with even more watered down action sequences and has a similar setting for the ending.  I can't belive this movie is rate R it should be a PG.
B00009V7P8|5.0|It's okay! Everyone loves to wallow. And now, your wait is over.<br />I have been somewhat disillusioned with new music for quite some time now. It seems that every time I buy a CD, it has been recorded by someone who has been established for ten years or so. Even then, my old faithfuls (you know who you are, Jewel) fail me. You can imagine the elation I felt when I heard Damien Rice's CD for the first time. After seeing him perform on the Late Show with David Letterman, I knew that I had to make this purchase.<br />Rice has a downright gorgeous voice--clear and sweet, somewhat reminiscent of Rufus Wainwright. The instrumentation of the CD blends perfectly with his vocals, his voice soaring and falling gently over the acoustic guitar, strings, and gentle drums. Some of the songs are accompanied by the harmonies Lisa Hannigan, a very talented vocalist in her own right, who brings to mind Dolores O'Riordan with more sweetness in her voice. The theme of sadness runs rampant on the CD, with lyrics such as &quot;What I am to you/is not real&quot; (from &quot;Volcano,&quot; essentially a duet with Hannigan) and &quot;Stones taught me to fly/Love taught me to lie/Life taught me to die&quot; (from &quot;Cannonball,&quot; which gains your attention by ending up being a quite uplifting song). His voice conveys this sadness and quiet angst (a much different variety than that of, say, Kurt Cobain) beautifully. Even the gorgeous composition &quot;The Blower's Daughter&quot; ends up being a bittersweet love song. Another standout is &quot;Amie,&quot; with its breathtaking instrumental of strings which, at the end, when allowed to stand by themselves, sound like they could be from an opera or, at the least, a great movie score. This background is a perfect complement to the lovely melody. Been cheated on and still wallowing in self-pity and hatred for your ex while he is off happy with his new girlfriend? If you're more on the side of self-pity, drown your sorrows while you chain-smoke in Rice's sarcasm-laden &quot;Cheers Darlin'.&quot; This song is a more subtle version of Ben Folds' &quot;Anthem for the Dumped,&quot; asking sarcastic questions as opposed to hurling childish insults. Most of the songs never reach above mid-tempo, which makes it the perfect chill CD.<br />This is hands down the best CD I have heard by a new artist since India.Arie's &quot;Acoustic Soul.&quot; I'll put it this way, and if you're a true music fan, you know what I mean: I love this CD so much it hurts. If this guy wasn't so good, he'd probably win a Grammy for Best New Artist this year.smoke in Rice's sarcasm-laden &quot;Cheers Darlin'.&quot; This song is a more subtle version of Ben Folds' &quot;Anthem for the Dumped,&quot; asking sarcastic questions as opposed to hurling childish insults. Most of the songs never reach above mid-tempo, which makes it the perfect chill CD.<br />This is hands down the best CD I have heard by a new artist since India.Arie's &quot;Acoustic Soul.&quot; I'll put it this way, and if you're a true music fan, you know what I mean: I love this CD so much it hurts. If this guy wasn't so good, he'd probably win a Grammy for Best New Artist this year.
B000002JSJ|3.0|I'm not sure if there's supposed to be any irony in calling this album \\"Presence\\", but the title is fitting in the sense that this album only seems to exist in order to occupy space in the four-year gap between \\"Houses Of The Holy\\" and \\"In Through The Out Door\\".  If ever there was a record where Zeppelin seems to be in a holding pattern, this is it.<br /><br />Other than \\"Achilles Last Stand\\" (the intricate 10-minute epic that inspired Heart's \\"Barracuda\\" and Iron Maiden's...well...entire career) and, to a much lesser extent, the heavy groove of \\"Nobody's Fault But Mine\\", Zeppelin clearly seems uninspired on this one. The remaining five tracks are a hodge podge of Elvis knockoffs (the awful \\"Candy Store Rock\\" - of the precious few songs Zep ever released as singles, why this one?), quirky rhythmic workouts that seem like little more than jam sessions (\\"Royal Orleans\\" and \\"Hots On For Nowhere\\"), a lumbering rocker based on a memorable but boring riff (\\"For Your Life\\"), and another overly-long meandering slow blues number (\\"Tea For One\\") that doesn't need to exist when we've already got \\"Since I've Been Loving You\\".<br /><br />If there's any non-essential album in the Zeppelin catalog (other than \\"Coda\\", which I might even rate ahead of this one), this is it. A so-so Zeppelin album is still better than 99% of what's out there, but if you're just starting out, go with \\"II\\", \\"IV\\", or \\"Houses Of The Holy\\" instead, and start filling in the gaps from there.
B00002SSRZ|4.0|This is a classic album obviously and a good one to have in DTS; nice sound effects on the opening track.  Wish we could get many more titles released in DTS format!
B00008IHN1|4.0|Even though the story line was weak and predictable, the marching band scenes are worth the price of this DVD..This is the first film that shows how talented these young brothers and sisters in marching bands really are...  Well done...
B00006F83Y|5.0|The best metal album since Metallica's Master of Puppets, easily.  Why don't you own this?  What's your problem, chump?!?
0788816454|1.0|A girl that I was seeing at the time had to drag me to the cineplex to see this awful film..It was by far one of the stupidest things I've ever seen.To this day I will not watch anything with Adam Sandler in it...Well at least , the rest of the night was cool, hey sometime you have to take one for the 'team&quot;......lol
B00006RU5B|3.0|I'll sum up the problem with this disc with one sentence:  After about 6-7 tunes, it really drags.<br />And yet... Tom Morello is a god.  It's great to hear Cornell again.  And the RATM rhythm section is 2nd to none.  So those first few rockers almost overcome the mope-fest in the last half of the record.
B00003CX9E|4.0|Citizen Kane was filmed in 1941 and was directed by, produced by, and starred Orson Wells.  Herman J. Mankiewicz and Orson Wells wrote the screenplay.  In the opening scene there was a lot of symbolism such as wrought iron fences, fog, a moat, a light on the hill from the house and the light going out when the main character of the film died.    It was during this scene Charles Foster Kane, the main character, speaks the word \\"Rosebud\\" and then drops a glass globe that shatters on the floor.  Just before it shatters, the viewer looks inside at the falling snow and then Kane dies.  The story is based on the true story about William Hearst, newspaper tycoon.  <br />Mary Kane, Charles's mother, ran a boarding home and by default a boarder gave her a deed to an old abandoned mine, which later was called the Colorado Lode Gold Mine, the 3rd richest gold mine in the world.  Mr. Thatcher, a banker from New York, took charge of Charles, who was just a boy, after Mary Kane gave up custody.  <br />Kane was seventy years old when he died.  Kane married and divorced twice.  Kane's first wife was the current President's niece and her name was Emily Monroe Norton.  Charles Kane married his 2nd wife, Susan Alexander, two weeks after his first divorce.<br />A newspaper reporter, Mr. Thompson, interviewed people that knew Charles Kane to find out what \\"Rosebud\\" meant.  Mr. Bernstein, Mr. Kane's General Manager, said that \\"Emily was no rosebud\\" and maybe \\"Rosebud may have been something that he lost.\\"  Neither, Mr. Bernstein or Susan Alexander knew what \\"Rosebud\\" meant.  Susan \\"didn't want to sing\\" and \\"everything was his idea, even my leaving him.\\"  <br />As publisher of the New York Inquirer, Mr. Kane would print news by \\"his definition,\\" and some called Kane a \\"yellow journalist.  Mr. Jedediah Leland, a schoolmate, \\"best buddy\\" and dramatic critic for the Inquirer stated during his interview, \\"I was his oldest friend,\\" and Mr. Kane \\"never gave anything away,\\" \\"newspaper was his life...and he loved himself,\\" but \\"Rosebud, I don't know.\\"  Mr. Leland wrote the dramatic critique about Susan's poorly performed opera debut and was later fired.<br />Kane was still married to his first wife when Charles and Susan's affair was publicized at the same time Kane was running for Governor of New York.  Kane lost the election.  The Inquirer printed that there was a \\"Fraud at the Polls,\\" twisting the truth as was the usual.<br />  The butler-in-charge told Mr. Thompson that when Susan left, Charles trashed Susan's bedroom and that Mr. Kane \\"was a man who had everything\\" and that \\"I guess Rosebud was just a piece of the puzzle that was missing.\\"  <br />Charles Kane was a collector of statues, paintings, and pictures that could have filled 10 museums and was worth billions.  Charles Foster Kane had the 6th largest private fortune in the world.    <br />The last scene of this movie was seen in the boiler room with a staff member burning some of the items considered to be worthless and the camera zooms in to show the viewers that a sled that belonged to Charles when he was a child and still living with his parents was being burned up and bore the brand name Rosebud.
B000002UAX|4.0|It's not perfect (such as Revolver, Sgt Pepper, and Abbey Road), but you obviously must own this.  The White Album is famously all over the map, filled with stuff that maybe shouldn't be on there, songs that nowadays would be included in &quot;Rarities&quot; compilations.  But look at the wealth that IS present: Birthday... While my Guitar... Me and My Monkey... USSR...  Glass Onion... Revolution 1...  Then there are the gems that don't receive as much airplay, like Yer Blues, Goodnight, and Savoy Truffle.  How can you resist?
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw's cd is so awesome, i love it! His songs connect with so many people in so many ways. Plus, every single one of his songs has a different and unique style. All he wants to be is himself, and his songs are a perfect reflection of that. I personally love his CD Chariot. I made all my friends listen to him for the first time and not one of them werent singing along within a minute of the songs!!! He doesnt disappoint anyone here. If you ask me, you should purchase this CD, even if you dont know who he is, you will most likely like him.
B000066NW0|5.0|You people make me laugh.  <br />It's funny how the \\"punkers\\" have such depth of hatrid for anyone they feel isn't \\"really\\" punk.  Get real people.  There is no such thing now - punk was in the 80's.  And who cares if her image is contrived?  Everyone in the music biz (that's successfull, at least) is manufactured to some degree.  At least I don't cringe when an Avril tune comes on the radio like I do when a tune from Britney does.<br />And for some of you who hate her so bad, you sure spent a lot of time researching her supposed hypocracy.  Or did you pull those \\"facts\\" and quotes out of thin air (or worse, other ranters' posts)?<br />The few articles I've seen on Avril say that she was NOT picked up by several record labels because she wanted harder edged music than they did.  The articles also said she insisted on writing her own stuff.  True, they got her professional writers,  but I've yet to see any official source say she didn't contribute ANYTHING to her songs - more than can be said for most of 'em these days including Clay Aikin and the rest of the manufactured American Idol phenoms.  <br />This reminds me of my friend who hates Led Zepplin.  He says they are fakes who did nothing but rip off poor, black, blues artists.  Hmmm, I prefer the opinion that they revolutionized Rock and Roll with their hard edged blues and unique style (and they showed a much broader range of styles than most bands do).  <br />That's my 2 cents.  Don't be afraid to buy the album.  I'd give it 4 stars but I felt the need to counter some of the egregious 1 star ratings from the screamers.
6305252521|3.0|Nothing is like it seems to be. The today media culture offers a lot of human stories in the TV-landscape. 24 hours of destinations, lies and Talkshows. Problem of every kinds of television-projects like soaps, talkshows or Big Brother is that it is reality, but every person plays a roll in this drama. So: what is the next step in the media culture? <br />The Truman Show brings us to the next step. Real reality show. An interesting film about this future. Nice to see, but in the end a bit dry. Truman has to die on his way to step outside (t)his world. And the whole world keeps watching. And nobody helps. Thirty years Truman lived in this worls calles Seahaven. Nobody cares about his feelings. Only Sylvia. A good reflector of the modern media world. 90 percent egoism and 10 percent solidarity. Good shown in this movie. An Truman is only one example for this society-mirror.<br />Problem of this film is only the fact, that it is a product of Hollywood too. A classical happy end story that keeps every shock from the viewer away. So it lost its thought provoking character.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin is probably the most incredible newcomer in the music world. His voice is extremely soulful, distinguishable, and great. Evidently there is not one song on the Cd that he didnt put his whole heart into. This cd is really a must listen too. Plain and simple, Gavin rocks. I wouldn't be surprised if you listed to this cd over and over about 20 times. There is one word that describes it: Perfect.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The show that is just too pretty to die is now on dvd!! Whoohoo!! Joss Whedon is my hero. The cast is brilliant and the dialogue is hi-larious. This is as good as it gets people.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Driven by the first single, \\"Follow Through\\", Gavin DeGraw's first album does just that- this lyrically and melodically driven first effort by Mr. DeGraw offers a complete musical experience through his use of overly simple to complex lyrical statements as well as singable melodies that are left dancing in your head following a listen of the entire album. Gavin's capabilities on the piano as well as the guitar are surely a force to be reckoned with in the near future with musicians everywhere. His new found fame and success has been catapulted through massive nationwide touring as well as efforts of fans through \\"Chariots\\", his online and ground street team. The album is quickly becoming one of the most talked about on online message boards and concerts by such musicians as Jason Mraz, Maroon 5, and John Mayer. I'd recommend popping the CD in your CD player and taking a listen to the whole album. However, if you are just looking for a preview before buying the entire album, take a listen too: \\"Follow Through\\"- this first single is perfectly representative of the whole album; \\"Chariot\\"- the title track from the album and probably one of the most piano driven tracks on the album; \\"I Don't Wanna Be\\"- Just from the beginning rifts of this track, you will know that it will surely be a favorite on the album. His biographical approach to this song will surely shock you with the blunt statements about what has been surrounding his life lately will surely keep you wondering all about the new kid on the block; \\"More Than Anyone\\"- Rather than being a typical album's sappy love ballad, Gavin has made this beautiful simple song a statement of love and longing. If you enjoy these selections, pick up the album, \\"Chariot\\" from Amazon.com today. DeGraw's talent will be a force in the music industry that you should get a first listen too... I would guarantee that his first album effort will gain a momentum in the next couple of months that you, as a listener of quality music, would like to be a part of now. ... Enjoy Chariots!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|The cool song stylings of this new young artist are absolutely amazing.  You'll get chills when he sings.  You will love this album.  It is the best album I have purchased in a decade.  Not the young bebop sounds of top 40, but soulful, unbelievable tones from a truly charismatic future star.
B00005JMC6|5.0|Set in modern day New Zealand, and yet of mythic proportions, this is a story of a 12-year old Maori girl who yearns to be come a chief of her people.  She's descended from a long line of chiefs, but the problem is that she is a girl.  Her grandfather loves her but dismisses her interest and tries to teach all the old ways to the boys of the village.  When she tries to learn too, he forbids it.<br />However, the girl, played by Keisha Castle-Hughes is very resourceful.  She gets an uncle to teach her what she needs to know and learns all the old customs and chants.  Eventually, there is a crisis.  And with the help of a little magic realism, she finally gets the recognition she has struggled for so much.<br />It's a beautiful story.  I learned about Maori culture and enjoyed the wonderful scenery of New Zealand.  I also loved the characters and rooted for the girl to finally get her dream.<br />However, the plot was a little too clear right from the beginning.  In spite of the obstacles the girl had to overcome, there was no doubt she would eventually win.  This kept the tension a little too low for my taste.<br />And yet I have to recommend this film.  It cannot be dismissed as just another story.  It has deep meaning and a lesson about going for a dream.  It's beautiful and touching.  And politically correct in a natural way.  You'll be glad to have seen it and walk out of the theater inspired and smiling.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|For those who haven't heard of Gavin before, here's an opportunity to listen to one of the future's brightest stars. Legendary music mogul Clive Davis has likened Gavin to a young Billy Joel or Elton John, with the soul of a Joe Jackson. <br />The truth is, Gavin has the talent and charisma to surpass these legends. His stunning debut album is a well-though out, perfectly appropriate blend of Gavin's sexy smoky voice, his stellar songwriting skills, and his accomplished playing of both the piano and the guitar. Many of the songs are well-suited to radio airplay, but it is the few that are more personal and emotive that are the album's true gems. \\"Meaning\\" has fantastic lyrics and Gavin is able to display his vocal range. (Sample lyrics: \\"Hail to the light, that my baby watches me, in the darkness of the window, I can hardly get to sleep. Wish for the hour, that the nighttime soon shall pass, in the morning dew will bring us, to a day our souls can last...\\")<br />Gavin was named New York's \\"Best Kept Secret\\" by well-known magazine Time Out NY, and for good reason. This singer/songwriter has a massive career in his future, discovering his talent now can only lead to good things :-)!<br />On a more personal note, I have both seen Gavin in concert and met him afterwards. His concert was one of the most exciting and emotional that I've been to and he is one of the sweetest, most humble, down to earth guys that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He truly cares about his fans and I absolutely recommend this cd to everyone.
B0000025GW|5.0|This 1979 mellow but masterful offering from Bob Dylan was recorded in the famous Muscle Shoals Sound Studios in Alabama, and has a slightly funky feel to it. It's a work of amazing strength, and I can only conclude that the reason it has been so underrated is because of its Christian theme. The words are powerful, and the melodies bright and beautiful.<br />Mark Knopfler's unique sound can always be recognized after only a few notes from his guitar, and he graces this recording with his extraordinary musicianship. The former guiding light of Dire Straits, Knopfler is a large part of what makes this recording so special.<br />Though most of the songs have tough lyrics about making the right choices in life, &quot;Man Gave Names To All the Animals&quot; is a humorous and delightful tune that one keeps humming long after the CD has ended.<br />Dylan was asked by John Dolen of the Ft. Lauderdale Sun Sentinel in 1995 if he thought there was still a Slow Train Coming, and Dylan said, &quot;When I look ahead now, it's picked up quite a bit of speed. In fact, it's going like a freight train now&quot;. Yes, this CD and its message are more relevant than ever, and it deserves its place at the forefront of popular music history with the best of Dylan's other great recordings.
0375823360|1.0|This is a very confusing book that does not keep a reader entertained. I have to read this book for school, and i am making myself read this. I usually don't have to do that with books. The book throws names at you and doesn't even explain what it is one bit. I would not reccomend this book for anyone, except a kid with alot of time on his hands.
B00009V8Z9|4.0|Gavin Degraw is a great new artist to add to the list of musicians who resemble his style. The laid back tones that remind me of so many other genres still have their own unique effect. Degraw is going to blow you away with his fresh, individual sound. His lyrics are insightful and fluid. I am so glad that I have had the chance to be exposed to music like his that runs right to the heart of any listener. SPRINT OUT AND BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!!!!!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Every song on this CD is amazing.  I cannot say enough about Gavin!  He is to talented to put into words. He is music's new piano man.  I am addicted to the CD, I have been listening to nothing but &quot;Chariot&quot; since Tuesday! I highly recommend it!  If you love DMB, John Mayer, David Gray, you will love Gavin!  <br />~Tara C.~
B00006AW2J|1.0|When I saw that the rolling stones catalog was being re-issued and remastered in SACD I was excited at the prospect of listening to The Stones in Multi-Channel. It was only after buying the SACD's and putting into my SACD player I find out that it only will playback in TWO Channel Stereo. When you hear SACD you automatically think multi-channel, Right? Well ABKCO only saw fit to record it in two channel. It's a little deceiving when you see the term SACD which is synonomous with Multi-Channel playback and all you get it Two channels. I feel ripped off!!!
B00006BTCA|5.0|I missed the 1980s. While people were thrashing to the Dead Kennedy's, cranking up the bass on the latest Run DMC, or shaking their overpriviledged, upper-middle class, white Scarsdale behinds to Great White (or whoever was rocking mTV at the time), I sat in my crib (the kind you sleep in as a baby, not the slang), chewing on something bright and plastic while staring dumbfoundedly at my ceiling. The 80s effect on me went about as far as Alvin and the Chipmunks. Therefore, I missed out on groups like Joy Division, or The Smiths, or any of the other bands that Interpol is so harshly accused of mimicking. Not only have I missed out on the aforementioned bands, but I haven't even heard them. Yes, for that I am ignorant. However, if it is my ignorance that makes me love Interpol's debut, \\"Turn on the Bright Lights,\\" so much, then ignorance is bliss.<BR>Initially, Interpol appears to be not very listenable. When I first heard tracks like, 'Untitled,' 'NYC,' or 'PDA' I was a little turned off. I didn't quite understand exactly how or why these guys were supposed to be so incredibly amazing. However, I tried my patience and downloaded 'Obstacle 1.' That changed it all. I was hooked on that song. Then, the other songs began to set in. At first it was a particular guitar hook, or a good chorus, but soon I was taken with the whole song. This has repeated itself and now I love the CD.<BR>Interpol's sound is cool and slick. The ever-losing-its-musical-credibility magazine, Rolling Stone, described the CD as \\"glacial.\\" I suppose that's the best word to sum it up. The vocals are icy and monotone, and the dark, brooding sound makes for a very bleak album (but bleak in a good way). It captures a mood, and despite being dark, does not swirlie the listner in a toilet bowl of depression (something that Modest Mouse manages to do extremely effectively).<BR>This is not my favorite album, but in the words of Jack Black in High Fidelity, \\"it's really...it's really f**king good.\\" So give it a listen or two, or six, you may be pleasantly surprised (then again you may not, and you'll scream at the sky, wondering why in God's name you listened to me in the first place, but hey.)
B00000I01A|4.0|\\"Burning Heart\\" is a mighty martial anthem--\\"in the warrior's code there's no surrender/though his body says stop, his spirit cries never\\"-- pounding with power chords but also a Cold War anthem--\\"two world collide, rival nations\\" \\"is it east vs west, or man against man.\\"  Only Survivor could do something like this.  Their theme song from Rocky III, \\"Eye Of The Tiger\\" reprised here, and it's a welcome addition, with those snarling guitars and familiar rhythm guitar.  It's also a good opportunity to compare Dave Bickler with Jimi Jameson.<br />John Cafferty seems synonymous with Eddie And The Cruisers or being a Springsteen clone, but he manages to bring the energetic but heavily produced keyboards/guitar number \\"Heart's On Fire\\" some credibility.  I will say that this is very 80's, which is good.<br />Untrained ears will find it hard to tell Kenny Loggins and Gladys Knight apart on the middling rocker-R&B hybrid \\"Double Or Nothing\\" a song with pronounced drums.<br />Two of Vince DiCola's music scores are included, one being the majestic \\"War\\" heavy on dramatic keyboards.  There is definitely an air of apprehension.  I don't recall what part of the movie this was used--the prelude to or during one of the bouts?<br />The funky and horn-heavy \\"Living In America\\" a kind of commentary on the American life, is the first time I heard the Godfather of Soul, and he lets loose with his trademark \\"OWWW\\"  This song later ended up on Brown's Gravity album and was parodied by Weird Al as \\"Living With A Hernia.\\"  He reprises a part of one of his songs at the end:  \\"I feel good!\\"  While I love this song, I hate the way it was used in the movie as prancing and jeering propaganda against the Soviet boxer Drago.<br />The sobering rocker \\"No Easy Way Out\\" by Robert Tepper rivals the Survivor songs as my favorite here.  I love that way the frantic keyboards is accompanied by bass, before roaring into the climactic theme used in the chorus.  There's a sense of cruel desperation in the chorus theme, especially when he sings, \\"giving in can't be wrong.\\" and \\"I don't wanna pacify you/I don't want to drag you down/but I'm feeling like a prisoner/like a strange rin a no-name town/I see only angry faces/afraid that could be you and me.\\"  Tepper sounds like a sturdy rock version of Michael Bolton, without the annoying shrillness of the latter.<br />Years before they became the kings of wishful thinking, Go West did \\"One Way Street\\" which is a more languid, relaxing affair, complete with heavily produced female backup singers.  Not one of the better tracks.<br />Touch's \\"The Sweetest Victory\\" is another energetic anthem laced with keyboards.  The lead singer sounds like a clone of Steve Perry and the sound is clearly influenced by Journey.  There's a nice harmony chorus included.<br />The album ends with another Vince DiCola instrumental, \\"Training Montage,\\" which I remember being used as Rocky jogs in the snow in the Soviet Union for his upcoming bout with Drago.  The quick-paced pulsing bass synthesizer, drums, and accompanying piano really mimics someone jogging or striking a punching bag, with horn-like synthesizers sounding like Europe's \\"The Final Countdown.\\"<br />Despite the two filler tracks, the Rocky IV soundtrack is memorable for its high energy rockers from Survivor and Vince DiCola's upbeat synthesizer scores.orus theme, especially when he sings, \\"giving in can't be wrong.\\" and \\"I don't wanna pacify you/I don't want to drag you down/but I'm feeling like a prisoner/like a strange rin a no-name town/I see only angry faces/afraid that could be you and me.\\"  Tepper sounds like a sturdy rock version of Michael Bolton, without the annoying shrillness of the latter.<br />Years before they became the kings of wishful thinking, Go West did \\"One Way Street\\" which is a more languid, relaxing affair, complete with heavily produced female backup singers.  Not one of the better tracks.<br />Touch's \\"The Sweetest Victory\\" is another energetic anthem laced with keyboards.  The lead singer sounds like a clone of Steve Perry and the sound is clearly influenced by Journey.  There's a nice harmony chorus included.<br />The album ends with another Vince DiCola instrumental, \\"Training Montage,\\" which I remember being used as Rocky jogs in the snow in the Soviet Union for his upcoming bout with Drago.  The quick-paced pulsing bass synthesizer, drums, and accompanying piano really mimics someone jogging or striking a punching bag, with horn-like synthesizers sounding like Europe's \\"The Final Countdown.\\"<br />Despite the two filler tracks, the Rocky IV soundtrack is memorable for its high energy rockers from Survivor and Vince DiCola's upbeat synthesizer scores.
B00008PX8P|5.0|This is truly a must have for all Zeppelin fans. It takes us from the beginning to the end of what was truly a great band. Jimmy and Robert did their thing and were certainly the best one two punch in the business back then. However to me it's JPJ's bass playing/keyboard playing and Bonzo's ability to create a foundation that provides the most impressive part of this DVD. We all knew/know about what Jimmy and Robert could do. However with this DVD, we can see first hand what the other members ... could do as well. ...<br />Anyway, like I said a must have for any Zeppelin fan!!!.<br />Buy it and be amazed at the musicianship all around.
B00005K3OT|5.0|I love little French villages; I think they're adorable. I also am dangerously addicted to chocolate and in love with Johnny Depp. So you can see why it's no surprise that I loved `Chocolat', although I'm not quite sure why everyone else did...<BR>The Catholic Church is celebrating the season of lent when wandering single mother, Vianne (Juliet Binoche) and her illegitimate daughter move into a small, strictly religious town in France and horrify the town's people by opening a chocolate shop which severely tempts even the strictest Christians out of fasting.  <BR>The mayor (flawlessly portrayed by Alfed Molina) doubts that the shop will last; however, Vianne and her chocolate successfully tempt many a church-going resident and the shop remains open with help from Lena Olin's character Josephine, a kleptomaniac with minimal social skills and an abusive husband. <BR>The mayor and Vianne wage war on each other, each convinced the other one's way of thinking is, in short, at the route of all evil. Their battle for influence over the town turns vicious when Vianne befriends a pack of pirate-like \\"river rats\\" who show up in the village prompting the priest to call Vianne \\"Satan's helper\\" in a homily Molina's character wrote. <BR>`Chocolat' is built largely on subplots and metaphors, but unlike most similar movies, is somehow pleasantly simple, which you begin to understand is the idea. <BR>The concept is sweet but greatly dependant on good performances by superb actors, which is has thanks to Alfred Molina, Johnny Depp and Judi Dench. <BR>To me, `Chocolat' was like a relaxing ride down a slow-moving river. However, while I was perfectly content to lust after the leading man, wish I lived in France and plan to buy a box of chocolate as soon as the credits started rolling, it surprised me that anyone else agreed. <BR>It seemed to me that `Chocolat' would lack something as far as critics were concerned, and I was confused when it was nominated for five Academy Awards.<BR>Asyou can see, I loved the film. However, I'm not so sure that it's as good as its reputation makes it sound. In other words: don't get your hopes up, you'll enjoy it more if you just watch.
B0000025P9|5.0|If you enjoy melody and texture?, you'll enjoy what this CD is all about. Toto is really a band that gets no respect for the most part over in North America. They are a group of very talented musicians who know what it takes to write a song. Everything fits in beautiful and the songs flow along wonderfully. A great CD that is a classic.
0141439513|5.0|I first read this book this past school year (11th grade), with a teacher who is an active JANSA Member (The Jane Austen Society of North America). The one thing I will always remember from him, was that in this book the characters are so real that you can see them in your everyday life. Along with my teacher we took a trip down to memory lane and saw all of Jane's characters in his High School (he wrote this as an essay he read at a JANSA congregation). And of course he ended by finding his Elizabeth, who's name is actually Jane (ironic isn't it?).<br />I TRULY recommend this book.
B00005JLRT|3.0|I must admit, this movie frustrates me and thrills me at the same time.  I was a great fan of ST:TNG, the entire cast, not just the Captain.  It's unfortunate that this movie, like the others before it, tend to focus so much on the captain that it ignores the other great characters.  It's nice to see Will and Deanna get married and Will getting his own ship.  It's also nice to see that Wesley Crusher was at the wedding.  What really frustrates me is the notion to once again try to create a deep and meaningful relationship between the Captian the lead villian, this time because he was cloned from him.  I understand Star Trek is supposed to be about more then just space and starship battles, but this aspect dragged the story down too much.  There should have been more focus on Data and Geordi's freindship, to make Data's death more potent.  There should have been a scene with Picard and Dr. Crusher stating how they would miss each other since she was going to Starfleet medical, y'know, build on the potential romance.  Wesley Crusher should have has some lines.  There should have been more interaction between the entire crew!  This was supposed to be a goodbye story where this stellar crew who are like a family and have been through Life and Death several times together, end up doing one last duty together to save Earth, the Federation and start a mending process with one of their greatest and most mysterious of enemies, where they end up saying goodbye to one of their own who DIES, AND INSTEAD THEY TURN IT INTO A POTENTIAL FATHER/SON EPISODE TO FILL THE VOID IN PICARDS LIFE BECAUSE HE NEVER GOT MARRIED AND HAD CHILDREN?!!  HE MADE THAT DECISION A LONG TIME AGO!  He's over it!  He should be saying goodbye to these younger crew members that he's nurtured for 12 years into the fine officers they are!  They should have treated Shinzon like the evil, dark, mind raping outcast that he is.  There would still be sympathy for him if you keep the final scene between him and Picard at the end.  Picard makes a fine speech about how his upbringing and surroundings made him what he is, that it wasn't his fault and he could still change.  Also, the scene where Data explains why he and Picard are different from their Romulan created counterparts, a very good scene.  But this is about it.  Don't let my rant totally turn you off.  This movie is good, very good.  Just a little slow paced between action scenes and not focusing on the right material...in my opinion.  I wish I could go and re-edit this movie, I think it would be more crowd pleasing and more sentimentaly based on the crew members we have grown to love.
B00005JLWN|5.0|The enjoyment of a base story about a man finding his own truth by other forcing him into areas that are unknown to him. A child that saw the truth and waited. <BR>As a action base movie I like it and giving a basic understanding of a form of combat as the matrix.<BR>Its a good movie over all <BR>just enjoy the story
B000005RZ4|5.0|I'm their fan since \\"Down To Earth\\" entered the UK charts in January 1987. The first album \\"Keep Your Distance\\" was a huge success partly because all four (Ben, Miguel, Nick and Julian) look good, partly because of producer Stewart Levine and partly because of the hidden fifth member Toby Anderson; But should have been because of great music. This compilation includes most of this album, but misses \\"Know What You Know\\" and \\"Red Lights\\" - I'd say all tracks from the first album should be obligatory. But inclusion of \\"Curiosity...\\" is worth of mentioning, I have seen similar compilations without this one. Their second album \\"Get Ahead\\" (1989) was considered a commercial failure, although it's worth of listening. Their third album \\"Back To Front\\" (1994) can be left to store, because some BMG sublabel, after taking the band over from Phonogram (or was it Polygram?), has definitely forced the guys into trying to please teenage auditory again with cover versions of ancient disco hits such as \\"Killing Me Softly\\" and \\"Hang On In There\\", though some good original tracks can be found there too. Luckily, this compilation is made of only the material of the two first albums (with exception of \\"Bullet\\", which was the B-side of \\"Ordinary Day\\", and \\"Ball & Chain\\"). Buy the record, and you get  a chance to listen to the best sophisticated white soul of the eighties. If you want to get more or get it all, you should search for the albums instead.
B000003N7K|5.0|All the glowing reviews are correct - this is one of the greatest vocal/small group recordings ever.  McCoy Tyner's contribution is not obvious at first, but he doesn't play a single unnecessary note and every one he does play fits.  He achieves perfection on his solo in &quot;You are too beautiful.&quot;
B00005JLR2|5.0|This is a beautiful, well crafted movie, and I am so glad I picked it up on a whim. The TV ads never really captured how lovely (and fun!) the movie was--and so I missed out on a real cinematic treat. Now I consider it an essential part of my DVD collection, right up there with Lord of the Rings. Similar to Peter Jackson's work, repeated viewings only increased my admiration for the care and skill that went into making it. The commentary is very informative and I loved seeing a little bit of the process involved in producing an animated film. Have fun with this one!
B00006F7S4|5.0|Beck has outdone himself which I didn't think was possible to do. Sea Change allows one to see Beck in a whole new perspective. I LOVE this CD! I haven't been satisfied with an ENTIRE CD in a long time but Sea Change has changed all that. Awesome and well worth the money.
1567184855|2.0|This book is a great read.  Life after death, meaning in life, many lives many opportunities.  Wouldn't it be great if it were all true!  Nice story but not much proof here.  Reminds me of the works of Carlos Castinada, although I think Castinada did a better job making his stories realistic.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I was told by a friend to check out Gavin's music a month or so ago and was impressed with his musicial talent. I fell in love the first time I heard his music and went and picked up the cd as soon as it hit stores. I love every track on the album. If you like Billy Joel then I know you will dig Gavin. His music is lined with piano, jazz, rock and pop. Every song will blow you away.
B00007KQA3|3.0|Not that I am some fanatical Eurythmics fan...but the music is definately missing.  It wouldn't be a big deal if they had replaced it with something equally dark and edgy as the original...but this soundtrack is just plain weak. It evokes very little and adds nothing. It took me a little while to figure out what was different, but it was obvious from the beginning that something wasnt right. It truly effects the overall impact of the movie and for some reason makes the editing very noticable.  While it is still one of my all time favorite movies, this dvd version renders it sort of...limp.  If you are viewing this movie for the first time, stick to the VHS version and I guarantee you will love this movie.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|When I saw Pirates of the Caribbean, I was stunned! The graphics were awesome, the characters were very colorful (Captain Black Sparrow, in particular ^.^) and the storyline was very interesting! <br />But, like always, behind every awesome movie is an awesome soundtrack and this is one of the greatest soundtracks I've ever heard! The first two tracks &quot;Fog Bound&quot; and &quot;The Medallion Calls&quot; start this masterpiece off, giving me an amazing image of a pirate's journey at sea on a magnificent ship! The middle of the soundtrack (&quot;Swords Crossed&quot;/&quot;Blood Ritual&quot;/&quot;To the Pirates' Cave!&quot;) is very powerful, striking you with the great sound of violins/horns/drums/etc. and filling you with a mighty impulse of adventure and excitement! The end is in fact very magical and a bit more on the sweet, emotional side (&quot;One Last Shot&quot;/&quot;He's a Pirate&quot;).<br />Being related to pirates myself, it's quite natural that a soundtrack as powerful as this one would touch me so deeply. All in all, it's a great soundtrack and I recommend it to anyone who has the yearn for adventure in them ^.^<br />Arrgghhh!!!<br />Jennifer D.
B00008X5J1|2.0|if it wasn't for Daniel Day Lewis then I wouldn't even waste my time given this film more than Half a star.this film was a complete all over the place mess for the most part.it never really got going in any direction.Leonardo DiCaprio wasn't bringing nothing to the Mix&While Cameron Diaz is Eye Candy that ain't gonna work for a film that clocks in as long as this one does.Martin Scorsese has done far better work on off days than this film.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Ok, the DVD's aren't out yet so I haven't seen them, but this show rocked!!  The buzz is that the commentaries by the actors and its creators are a-many, and that it will all be shown in widescreen (its intended format) with deleted scenes.  Is this shiny, or what?  I'm dying to see Serenity in its original format!!  Heck, we all know Joss Whedon is a god, he's committed to telling this story, and this is partially a tribute to his fans, which he will not let down.  In fact, the DVD's are a great marketing strategy to help sell them and the movie that will hit the screens, if the marketers do things right, so I'm sure they'll be fantabulous!!
B0000508U6|5.0|This cd is one of the best I have ever bought.  It does what music is supposed to do.  And it does it all without using a new age fast paced tempo.  I personally love the first 8 songs.  But the last two are just as good with a some more listening.  They're songs aren't complicated, but they just present it in such a way that it just sounds perfect.  &quot;shiver&quot; is just excellent.  The whole cd is.  I didn't know much about coldplay when I bought it, but now they are one of my favorite bands.  It's cheap at most stores too.  So if you wanna get some really great songs that do what music is supposed to and will most likely give you a new band to cheer for (if you don't cheer for them already), get this cd.
B00005JMC6|5.0|The psychic and social pull of assimilation is very strong. We all want to belong, to be like everyone else-hide from our roots, take on the identity of the majority, the whole.<br />Niki Caro takes on the mantle of the Maori of New Zealand in the sad, melancholy, unrelentingly tragic yet ultimately positive \\"Whale Rider.\\"<br />Pai (Keisha Castle-Hughes) is a young girl brought into Maori life with a couple of strikes against her: she is a female and she has survived the child bearing death of her mother and her twin, a brother who was destined to become a Chief. Her father leaves her with his parents and as she matures, she begins to develop the mystical, physical and leadership qualities of a Chief. But this is against nature says her grandfather, Koro and so begins the struggle between a grandfather and granddaughter; the struggle between the old ways and the new, the religious and the secular.<br />The performances are very truthful and appealing especially Vicki Haughton as Pai's grandmother, Nancy Flowers whose expressive eyes hold not only a bottomless well of love and caring but a world weary realization of the world as it is and not as her husband, Koro wishes it to be. Castle-Hughes's Kai is a marvel: all jumbled up emotions, gangly legs yet steadfastly committed to what she feels is her right and destiny. Her scene in which she recites an essay written for her grandfather will be remembered as one of the most emotionally open and tragic scenes in recent memory.<br />\\"Whale Rider\\" is a view of a world to which we are not often privy. It is about tradition and family and roots. It is a glorification of and a return to a time and a place where the most basic emotions of family and fraternity are exalted.
B00005JLEX|5.0|OF COURSE, People!!!  We fans want, better yet NEED to have the Seinfeld DVD Collection Series ASAP.  BEST Show ever...the Ratings have prooved it, now let buys re-enforce that!!!  also with the episodes we also would appriciate if it included great extras like..i.e.: where are they now? cast BIOs, a documentary, and of course...A FREAKIN' Reunion on T.V. to hype the realese of these wonderful pieces of art on DVD!!!!!!<br />WARNING:  seinfeld fans are becoming MAD, MAD I TELLS YOU...    HURRY!!!!
B00008973Q|5.0|Ran takes place in the 14-16th century - the &quot;Unsettled Period&quot;, where Japan was fragmented and fought for between a number of warlords. <br />Ran is, basically, the story of King Lear in samurai Japan. An old warlord, Lord Hidetora, decides to leave his power and territory to his three sons, wants to keep his title, and expects peace to reign. His elder, Taro, gets the biggest castle, and Jiro, the middle son, gets the second castle - the last son, Saburo, sees the stupidity of this plan and argues, but his father expels him. <br />Lord Hidetora's plan crumbles as each of his son kicks him out of their castle, and band together to destroy his army. Lord Hidetora goes insane and walks off in the desert with only his Fool and a former councillor for company, while war brews and allegiances shift. <br />Make no doubt about it, this is as depressing as King Lear or any other Shakespeare play. Everything is already determined, there is scheming a plenty, and everyone dies at the end. It's what goes in-between that's interesting. The gorgeous plains where the action takes place, the large-scale battles with swords and muskets (not an inaccuracy, by the way), the philosophical musings of the Fool (interestingly played by a popular androgynous Japanese actor only known as &quot;Peter&quot;), the plays on human nature, the subtle music, all contribute to make this an eminently watchable movie. <br />Saburo : Men prefer sorrow over joy... suffering over peace !
B000002UAX|5.0|This is a wonderful album. Yes, there are some quirks that make you ask \\"What on earth is this?\\" as you krinkle your nose. It is those moments however that make this album interesting. It adds character too. Can you imagine how boring The White Album would be if it weren't for those funky little things? If you Really dislike them (and you have to be quite a [jerk] to do so) there's no need to worry! The other aspects of this album can blow you away. \\"Dear Prudence\\" is a beautiful song. Written when the guys were in India (as many of the songs were) it is about a girl, Prudence, who was a bit mental and hid away. She would only talk to John and George as it says in their Anthology. From that point of view, the song is rather sad but none the less beautiful. In \\"Glass Onion\\" John is poking at the people stuck on the \\"Paul is dead\\" thing. Good Lennon song. \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" is captivating. \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\" is very intriguing. The deep tone in Lennon's voice in the first part is wonderful. Being a percussionist, I pay attention to Ringo a lot. I like what he did on here a lot. The 50's take at the end of this song is fun. The message is obvious on this song. Even though he got the idea from a magazine George Martin showed him. \\"Martha My Dear\\" about Paul's dog is fantastic. The moving from one theme to the next is clever. \\"I'm So Tired\\" is a good theme for lazy people who just wanna sleep. Has a bit of a 50's feel to it also. \\"Blackbird\\" is amazing. A simple song, but brilliant. Poetically beautiful. \\"I Will\\" never gets enough credit. For you guys out to catch a lady's heart this is a good way. Ringo does his song he wrote: \\"Don't Pass Me By\\". Very likeable. \\"Piggies\\" with it's classical instrumentation is good. I love the scoring of this song. The words poke fun at you know who when you listen to it. Excellent song. \\"Rocky Raccoon\\" is first-rate. I quite enjoy it, who knows why. \\"Julia\\" I think is the most beautiful song. By John, about his motherwho he lost when he was 16 or so. I can't express how absorbing \\"Juila\\" is. \\"Back in the USSR\\" is good opener. Sounds like the Beach Boys, but a little rockier. Right,on to disc two. \\"Birthday\\" is a neat song but could never replace the old standby. \\"Yer Blues\\" is ok if you like that sort of thing. The riffs in the middle are groove-able. \\"Mother Nature's Son\\" another nice little McCartney song. \\"Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey\\" is better than the title leads you to believe. Much like Lennon's later works after leaving the Beatles. So yeah it's good. C'mon, you gotta like it. \\"Sexy Sadie\\" is about Maharishi, their leader guy for meditation while being in India. It's fine. \\"Helter Skelter\\" is the beginning of hard core. Some guy, I believe it was Charles Manson, thought this was about the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. An out of the ordinary idea, but that wasn't Paul's intention. George's \\"Long, Long, Long\\" is relaxingly mello. I don't know what's going on in those last 10 seconds though. \\"Revolution 1\\" is an another grand Lennon song. \\"Savoy Truffle\\" is very appealing. Yummy song. The saxes sound good. \\"Honey Pie\\" is charming. \\"Cry Baby Cry\\" is nice. Almost done! Who knows what \\"Revolution 9\\" is all about (don't think it's the sequel to #1). You have to have an open mind. You could say \\"Revolution 9\\" belongs in the Centre Pompidu, but it isn't. It's on the White Album. Oh, well. Maybe someday! \\"Good Night\\" is a good way to close and recover from 9. And believe me, if you don't skip over \\"Nine\\" or don't have a strong enough stomach/open mind for it, you'll need the comforting melodic song. So overall, the White Album is definitely astonishing. Don't pass it by! You don't know what you're missing out on. So go on, turn yourself on to one of the greatest!
0780020685|4.0|A rag-tag band of villagers set out to the nearest city to get samurais to help their village win a war against forty bandits. Will the samurais assemble a team, with Mifune in tow ? Will they become friends along the way ? Will they become an effective fighting team ? Will there be problems and conflicts ? Will they achieve some kind of understanding about the peasants ? Well, of course. <br />But Kurosawa's talent changes this premise into a beautiful war story, a great comedy, a coming-of-age story... incredible. It is slow to start, and clocks in at 200 minutes, but after the band of samurais is recruited the plot swiftly kicks in. The cinematography here is great, and group shots are composed with typical Kurosawa precision. <br />There is a wonderful scene at the beginning where samurai Kambei, leader of men, shaves his head and assumes priestly rags in order to rescue a baby held at sword-point, as it is, and is reminiscent of action movies where the hero is shown doing a heroic deed, although the action here is much more meaningful. <br />Mifune, the biggest character and a favourite actor of Kurosawa who plays boisterous, almost animalistic characters, carries almost all the humour. He is in top-form, and with his five-feet long sword and over-expressive body movements is the very image of comedic bravado. In his second appearance, he has an utterly believable drunk scene. He's always something to watch, that Mifune guy. Also, the arrows are real and shot in wooden planks on actors' bodies, which I find absolutely unbelievable. <br />Heihachi Hayashida : Yeah, yeah. But I'm better at killing enemies. <BR>Gorobei Katayama : Killed many? <BR>Heihachi Hayashida : Well - It's impossible to kill 'em all, so I usually run away.
B000002UB3|5.0|How could you not have this album? It's superb! Since I am not about to write an EPIC review because I am not crazy, I'll tell you about my highlights. \\"I Want You\\" is raunchy in a sense, but so incredibly rockable. It just grooves right along till the abrupt ending which leaves your ears ringing (especially when you play it as loud as I do). \\"Beacuse\\" is so beautiful. Yes it sounds Mozarty, but can blow you away with the harmony and melody that is the bass line. I adore that song. The hooked songs thing is neat. \\"Her Majesty\\" is a lark (the whole 27 seconds of it). An amazing album. Wonderful exit music for a wonderful band.
0780020685|4.0|A rag-tag band of villagers set out to the nearest city to get samurais to help their village win a war against forty bandits. Will the samurais assemble a team, with Mifune in tow ? Will they become friends along the way ? Will they become an effective fighting team ? Will there be problems and conflicts ? Will they achieve some kind of understanding about the peasants ? Well, of course. <br />But Kurosawa's talent changes this premise into a beautiful war story, a great comedy, a coming-of-age story... incredible. It is slow to start, and clocks in at 200 minutes, but after the band of samurais is recruited the plot swiftly kicks in. The cinematography here is great, and group shots are composed with typical Kurosawa precision. <br />There is a wonderful scene at the beginning where samurai Kambei, leader of men, shaves his head and assumes priestly rags in order to rescue a baby held at sword-point, as it is, and is reminiscent of action movies where the hero is shown doing a heroic deed, although the action here is much more meaningful. <br />Mifune, the biggest character and a favourite actor of Kurosawa who plays boisterous, almost animalistic characters, carries almost all the humour. He is in top-form, and with his five-feet long sword and over-expressive body movements is the very image of comedic bravado. In his second appearance, he has an utterly believable drunk scene. He's always something to watch, that Mifune guy. Also, the arrows are real and shot in wooden planks on actors' bodies, which I find absolutely unbelievable. <br />Heihachi Hayashida : Yeah, yeah. But I'm better at killing enemies. <BR>Gorobei Katayama : Killed many? <BR>Heihachi Hayashida : Well - It's impossible to kill 'em all, so I usually run away.
B000002UDB|5.0|Most people think this album is a bit strange. If you look at it without an open mind, yeah, I can see why you'd think so. But that was not the point of the album. This is one of my favorite albums because it makes you think. That's right! When you think of the poetic components it makes quite a lovely picture. Listen to the words in &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot;. They talk about an outcast who sees something no one else does. Watching the video in the movie can help you visualize the concept. It does for me. I don't recollect if Mr. McCartney had a certain person for &quot;the fool&quot;, but you can put in a lot of people as the fool. Him for example, or I've read that Jesus works for it too. &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; is great. It's dark. Ooo. &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; is a rather fun tune. You might find yourself humming it sometime. McCartney's roots come out in this one. If you know enough about the Beatles, you know what I'm talking about. What's next? &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;. My favorite. I can't really give a reason WHY this is my favorite. It just is. It's rather funny also cause John was just taking whatever he felt like out of the air to screw with the people who were into the &quot;Paul is dead&quot; thing. That's another story. (I'll let you look it up on your own.) &quot;Hello, Goodbye&quot; is a nice tune. Kind a two parter. &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; is an absolutely captivating song. At the end of it a sometimes get goosebumps on my shoulders. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; is yet another of Paul's songs. It has a good melody. Plus listen to the trumpet guy. Wow! the articualtion! I know I can't do that!&quot;Baby You're a Rich Man&quot;. I love John's voice on it. I love his voice anyway, but it's a nice song. &quot;All You Need is Love&quot; has the perfect message. Oh, I forgot &quot;Flying&quot;. That one's neat cause you never can forget the words. All in all this is a great album which is often overlooked beacuse it is underlooked. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. P.S.- don't have to, but the movie is fun in an artsy sort of way. I like it cause it's interesting to say in the least and you kind of get music videos. Keep an eye out for the eggmen!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This album is quite possibly the best debut album that i have ever had the pleasure of hearing.  Gavin DeGraw has an amazing voice that mixes smooth soul sounds with a raspy edge and an amazing range.  In addition to being blessed with vocal abilities, Gavin tears up the piano and guitar in 11 original songs that are reminiscent of a young Billy Joel with a little extra kick.  From the softer pop sounds of the first track, &quot;Follow Through,&quot; to the rough-edged guitar chords in &quot;Chemical Party,&quot; each song has its own sound, mixed with the signature style of New York's biggest little club act, Gavin DeGraw.
0811826848|5.0|I actually sat down and read this book word for word (I've been somewhat idle this summer). Reading this book has rekindled my deep admiration of the Beatles. I like the way it sounds like an interview. I don't have problems following it. The pictures are good. It's worthwhile. I missed out on the \\"Paul is dead\\" stuff. There is a page about the subject, and that's it. Oh well. Good reading on heavy material. (That's a joke).<br />\\"By hook or by crook I'll be the last in this look on me book\\"<BR>-John Lennon
0345349571|5.0|Famous for her engaging, narrative style that makes history flow like a thrilling novel, Barbara Tuchman presents a comprehensive review of 14th century Europe (mainly France, the dominant European power at the time). She emphasizes three main events that dominate the lives of Europeans in the 14th century: the Plague, the Hundred Years' War and the Papal Schism. Despite this large-scale vision, she also succeeds in bringing this \\"distant mirror\\" as close to the reader as possible.<br />One way she does this is by following the life, as much as possible, of one man, neither extraordinarily good nor evil but nonetheless very capable and active, whose name is Enguerrand VII, Lord of Coucy. He was a shrewd and practical politician as well as courageous warrior, and his life spanned most of the 14th century. As conqueror, mercenary, crusader and diplomat, he was active all over the known world of medieval Europe and participated in most of its historic moments. This means the historian's case study is not limited to one country or culture and makes her research more comprehensive and accurate as well as interesting.<br />The only difficulty I had with the book was its maps. Just for the ease of reference, I had wished the maps were all located in one place. Otherwise, I couldn't hope for a better and more enjoyable account of medieval Europe!
B000002UAF|5.0|I love this CD! I pop it in and belt along with the songs. Each one is fun and catchy. They can be \\"lovey-dovey\\" but who gives a moptop? It's worth every penny. There isn't a single song I dislike. Each and every song on this album is a beatle compostion. Do I recommend you buy this CD? Yeah, yeah, yeah! Get it! It's great!
B00000JMOF|3.0|Ridiculous? Absolutely! Literarily inaccurate? For sure!  ...but, from a 1931 viewer's perspective, was it entertaining?  Without a doubt!  <br />What I want to know is ...who is \\"Henry\\" Frankenstein anyway?  Is he a bizarre combination of Victor Frankenstein and Henry Clerval from Mary Shelly's tale? Or perhaps Hollywood felt that Henry is a better name for the protagonist and the name Victor should be reserved for the handsome family friend (???).  Also - what about the hunchbacked Fritz ... I seemed to remember Victor Frankenstein's journey into his mad obsession to be a solitary one.  ...And so forth and so on!<br />Despite all of this, I still think this is a must watch for classic movie buffs and Mary Shelly fans.
B00008DDXL|5.0|When I watched this Harry Potter movie for the first time, I was hesitant as a 47 yr old, because I thought it would turn out to be a kiddie show, but I could not have been more wrong. This is a movie for any age group over the age of 7 who enjoy magic and fantasy movies... even for the sci-fi fans but it is too complex for the young ones under 7 with short attention spans and they would get restless and disruptive. It is clean and wholesome. There is nothing about this movie that would be inappropriate. It has that same innocence we loved on Bewitched and I Dream of Jeannie. There is nothing boring about this movie. It will keep you entertained throughout and you will become an instant fan of the Harry Potter series.<br />Excellent movie, excellent script, the actors were natural and believable with a wonderful mixture of magic and engrossing adventure. In fact, the movie is much better than the book, but leaves out some of the details, so if you want all of the &quot;behind the movie scenes&quot; and Harry Potter stories not included in the movie, then you will want to watch the movies and read the books. The movie brings the book to life and gives the story and characters class and believability. Watching the movie may also give your children the incentive to start reading the books and anything that gets children to read is highly beneficial.<br />I would highly recommend this movie for adults, children and definitely a family movie, but you will want to watch it when you can devote 100% of your attention and are not distracted by noises, interruptions or other tasks, otherwise, you will miss the subtle details and twists and lose the feel and flavor of the movie which will cause you to find yourself lost and out of touch with the plot.<br />The deleted scenes, tours and challenge adventures included on the DVD's are also a lot of fun to try.<br />Both Harry Potter movies are excellent.
B000002LPD|3.0|Potential controversy,if you know what I mean. This is the band's ninth album and the third during the Sammy Hagar era. This album sold less than its predecessors. RIGHT NOW became a hit and was later used in some kind of television commercial. This album failed to generate more than a couple of big hits like its predecessors. TOP OF THE WORLD was the other Top 10 hit from the album.
B00005JM09|2.0|\\"T3\\" proves you can spend millions on a movie, but it's wasted if you don't have a good script and a good director.  Jonathan Mostow surprised us all with his neat little action-thriller \\"Breakdown\\", dented our confidence with the tedious \\"U-571\\", and has lost it completely with \\"T3\\".  To be fair, he's been hamstrung by a pitiful screenplay by John Brancato and Michael Ferris which had me remembering that while they did pen David Fincher's notable \\"The Game\\", they also wrote the abysmal \\"The Net\\".  \\"T3\\" is much like the latter: a neat concept dissipated by paper-thin characters, transparent plotting, and a lazy deus-ex-machina to save the day (\\"There's my Dad's plane!  I trained in it!\\")  Like its predecessors, \\"T3\\" is made on an epic scale and budget, but gone is the epic quality and the wonderful mythic tone.  It plays like a Hardy Boys Mystery with Claire Danes as Nancy Drew.  It's distinguished only by the extent to which it self-consciously redeploys shots, dialogue and sometimes entire sequences from the previous films, occasionally to good effect but more often in unintended self-parody.  There's also a rather bad attempt at a kind of Oedipal subtext -\\"You're the closest thing I ever had to a father\\"; \\"You remind me of my mother\\" - but it ends up playing more like \\"Star Wars\\" with Arnie as a latter day Darth (lifting John by the throat; wrestling with his \\"conscience\\"; being more machine than man).  Admittedly, these 95 minutes of high-octane, cringe-inducing dross are bookended with two very nice sequences: the opening setup which explains how John Connor lives now, and a surprisingly restrained climax which is low-key, thoughtful and all the more chilling for it.  But in the end, for all the money, hype and apocalyptic storyline potential, \\"T3\\" just felt like a telemovie.  Come back, James Cameron (and bring Linda Hamilton and Edward Furlong with you).  All is forgiven.  Yes, even that Oscar speech.  Yes, even \\"Titanic\\".  You may not be the king of the world, but you're a damn fine writer/director.  We miss you.d, but you're a damn fine writer/director.  We miss you.
B000002LEM|4.0|Two years after the &quot;new&quot; Van Halen released 5150,OU812 came. Is that supposed to mean, &quot;Oh,you ate one too!&quot;? One track from the album is odd itself. That's the acronym AFU,with a period following each letter. I believe that's supposed to mean &quot;All f---ed up&quot;. WHEN IT'S LOVE was a number one hit for a while. Following hits include FINISH WHAT YOU STARTED and FEELS SO GOOD. A APOLITICAL BLUES is a bonus track only available on CD and cassette. The song was at least recorded in A major. The album lists the songwriting credits as Sammy,Alex,Mike and Eddie.
0803728484|5.0|Scottish writer Julia Donaldson's charming enchanted tale in an enchanted, magical land where George the giant lives over a small world of people, elves and animals where they all coexist peacefully. One day, George tired of his scruffy look decides on a giant makeover. So he goes to the clothes shop (Haberdashery) run by the small people. Soon he's traded his monk robe and worn-out sandals for the spiffiest shirt, pants, shiny black shoes and the works. But, you know what his new look don't last long. He runs into the small town's creatures who need help. Like the giraffe whose afraid his neck will caught cold, the goat who need a sail for his boat and the family of mice whose house burnt down. He gives the giraffe his tie, the goat his shirt and one of his shoes to the mice for a house. Before you know it George is left standing outside the shop in his skivvies! When the shop is closed, the only thing George can do is put back on his dirty old clothes again. In the end, George is thanked by all those he had helped. The lesson to be learned that it's more important to be kind and generous toward others than to be cool and spiffy :). This is a delightful tale for people of all ages to keep in mind the moral to the story. Don't we need more like George the gentle giant in the world?
B000002L99|4.0|Shortly before Spring 1986,Van Halen released their seventh album,5150,with a new lead singer Sammy Hagar. Sammy already had a career by himself and with HSAS,which is an acronym for the last names of the band's members,another being Neal Schon of Journey. That same year,original Van Halen lead singer David Lee Roth released his second solo album,EAT 'EM AND SMILE. Sammy's biggest solo hit was I CAN'T DRIVE 55 in 1984. In '86,this was one of the year's best-sellers. Hits include WHY CAN'T THIS BE LOVE,DREAMS,GOOD ENOUGH and LOVE WALKS IN. The studio that this album was recorded is called 5150. On INSIDE,we hear the band \\"bulls---ting\\". One said \\"What kind of crap is this?\\" Another said,\\"You got a point there!\\" Their follow-up,OU812,was also a big best-seller.
B00008VGK0|4.0|this is a great single,the only draw back is there are no american life remixes on the cd,just a &quot;die another day&quot; remix,but oh well it still packs a punch!
0553573403|5.0|Martin begins an incredible journey with this book. It lays the foundation for a deep, intricate plot that will keep you reading, and guessing, well into the night.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This CD has been on repeat for the past three days!  It's got some joyous dance music, a romantic serenade, a creepy and mysterious theme with a caribbean sound, and a grand heroic melody.
055357342X|5.0|In book three, the series takes a dark turn. It borders on depressing for the heroes lose so much and the villians seem to be doing irreperable harm to the world. When you finish reading it, you find yourself almost desperate to read the next book, just because things have to get better.<BR>    This is not a complaint about the writing, it is a wonderful as ever, but the grand adventure is going sour and forces of good seem nearly beaten. This effects a rather dark mood.
B00008NG5V|5.0|An excellent sophomore release. Just as good as Brushfire Fairytales but in a different way...this album still gives me goose bumps after hundreds of listens!
0553579908|5.0|In this book, the plot really begins to heat up. The reader is left with the knowledge that he has no idea where this story will end up. This book has more action than the first and more sex, as well, so be warned.
B00005JMC6|5.0|This movie will take your breath away and leave you speechless. I was numb for about 15 minutes after leaving the theatre. The scenery, the acting, the Maori traditions - all made for a movie that I will most definitely buy on DVD once it becomes available. Best movie I've seen in a very long time.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Wow! I've been seeing Gavin perform live for a few years now and was really afraid that his album would not be as good as him live... Boy was I wrong! His amazing voice really comes through. A cross between a young Billy Joel with some Stevie Wonder mixed in is enough to get me to play Chariot over and over and over again - my other CDs are getting jealous. The combination of his sweet, innocent lyrics and his strong but youthful voice will carry this guy pretty far in the long career he has ahead of him.
B0000046JP|5.0|This is the greatest Aranjuez performance. Concerto de Aranjuez is a very difficult to play as its written. Paco plays the concerto very rithmical. Many people says Paco plays adagio not enough melodiously, but I know even adagio contains too much rithmical and technical troubles and Paco plays it as its written. I don't now more accurately perfomances. Many musicains have a very good sound like John Williams or Segovia but I think the concerto is primary spanish based music because Rodrigo is spanish composer and I think the form, rithm and expression is more important than classical sound for this case. Really Paco is one of the greatest musician of our time and he has own point of view.
B00000K31Q|3.0|I was curious to see how a Shakespearean work (The Taming of the Shrew) would work in the teen romance genre.<br />While it isn't a movie that I can recommend to other adults, it was amusing and well written for the younger crowd.<br />Each of the actors creates a character of some depth and manage to knit together an ensemble that makes sense in the world of true teen love.<br />I have to say that although I got it for my kids, I enjoyed it as well.
B00008OLYN|4.0|I enjoyed earlier Opeth albums very much -  Opeth's best moments (\\"Balckwater Park\\", \\"My arms, your hearse\\" and to some extent \\"Morningrise\\") were often stunning. Their latest offering, \\"Damnation\\" is not a metal album, but it is a quite good prog-rock album. At first, I was quite dissapointedwith it.<BR>But, after few listens, I became addicted to some of the songs here. However, this is the first Opeth album to have filler material, so it is far from being their best, but when it shines, it is brilliant.
B00005KA9G|5.0|I was quite impressed with this story centering on a hard-luck post industrial town and its desperate but likeable inhabitants.<br />The main character represents a type we are all familiar with, a man who believes that charm alone will bring him all he wants and needs...until his ex-wife puts his back to the wall with a threat to withdraw access to his young son unless he starts paying court ordered child support.<br />This slick slacker is someone you'd be hard pressed to find sympathy for until you understand the very deep love for his son battling the Peter Pan immaturity of his nature.<br />What a wonderful light bulb clicking moment when he finds his ex accompanied by his luckless pal's wife at a Chippendale type entertainment. <br />Believing his own talents equal to the money making muscle bound strippers, he sets off on a journey of self-discovery dragging his skeptical but loyal young son along.<br />As he ensnares one after another of the down-on-their-luck former employees of the defunct factory into his get rich by getting naked scheme, each unknowingly becomes the kind of man he didn't believe possible.<br />But will this timid team of cash poor prancers go the whole way in front of everyone they know? I won't spoil the ending but beyond going \\"the full monty\\", they reveal more to themselves than the town.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw's &quot;Chariot&quot; is one of those cd's you can listen to from start to finish without hitting the forward button on your cd player. His collection of songs clearly demonstrates his vast musical influences and his desire not to become an artist that fits into the mold, but rather one who stands out amoung the rest. Gavin has written all 11 tracks and sings and plays piano or guitar on every track which these days seems to not be so common and to me is such a breath of fresh air for music. The songs &quot;Chariot&quot;, &quot;Just Friends&quot;, &quot;More Than Anyone&quot;, and &quot;Crush&quot; demonstrate Gavin's pop and soul influences and demonstrate his delicate piano playing. The more rock, country, and blues influenced songs, &quot;Chemical Party&quot;, &quot;Overrated&quot;, &quot;I Don't Wanna Be&quot;, and &quot;Meaning&quot; are great upbeat songs. &quot;Follow Through&quot; (Gavin's first radio single), &quot;Belief&quot;, and &quot;Nice To Meet You Anyway&quot; are simply outstanding pop/rock songs and the kind of songs that get stuck in your head. Gavin's lyrics are deep and at the same time evoke emotions every human being can relate to. Simply put, this cd is awesome and everyone should have it on their cd rack or better yet permanantly in their cd changers! He is one of the best new artists of this summer!!
B00005JLXE|1.0|First of all I am a fan of The Man With Out Fear.  I was so excited when I heard that Daredevil was going to be made into a movie.  With the latest string of superhero movies I expected great things...but then I saw this movie. I think casting was the first mistake.Ben  He played it like \\"the Man Without Talent\\".  He seemed too uncomfortable doing martial arts or anything physical in the movie, the fight seens looked too planned. And did it make sense for a Blind guy to fight a woman in the middle of a park for all to see if he's trying to keep his identity a secret? And another point is that by the end of the movie EVERYONE seemed to know who the Daredevil is except this own partner. Don't superheros know how to keep their secret identities secret anymore??<BR>In the comics Daredevil's only real power is his supersenses. In the movie he was jumping off and over 20 story buildings with out getting hurt. He can't do that!!  <BR>The only saving grace is Colin Farrel as Bullseye.  He should have been Daredevil, he's such a better actor and would have made is so much beter.<BR>So, other than the bad acting, the terrible story, the ugly directing and total disregaurd of the real daredevil it may have been a good movie.  too bad, so sad.
0684808323|4.0|I am a mafia buff and since I had already seen &quot;Casino&quot; it had only made sense to read  the book.  The book itself is very informative but I don't suggest it to someone who has NOT seen the movie.  It is not very fluid and you can get easily confused with who's who.  The characters change very rapidly and it's hard to keep up.  I found myself rereading passages just to make sure I had everything correct.  All in all it was a good read and I do recommend it for all who are interested in the subject.
B00009V7RF|3.0|I appreciate that artists want to appeal to a larger audience, but, what is missing from this CD that were present on BEP's first two, is an edge.  This unfortunately, is partly due to the newest member, Fergie.  While she has a wonderful voice, her addition was an obvious attempt to appeal to a more mainstream audience.  And it worked perfectly.  The CD as a whole is not bad at all, in fact, some songs are great.  But, overall, I expect more from a group of this caliber, and it bothers me that they have ventured out into this new direction.  <br />On the up side, the message remains positive and upbeat, and the production is very slick.
B000099T2L|4.0|I have been very disappointed with the music coming out lately. The last couple of cds that I just loved to death were Alicia Keys, Songs in A Minor, Floetry's Floetic, Vivian Green and Glenn Lewis' World Outside My Window.  When I gave this cd a first listen I wasn't too impressed, but the more I listened to it just about every track, except for maybe 2, began to grow on me.  My favorite songs are Yes and Speechless.  Next would be Me, Myself and I and Naughty Girl. Daddy is a very beautiful and touching song.  The Closer I get to You w/ Luther Vandross is very soulful and I love listening to it the most although it isn't my favorite song on the album (it has more to do with Luther than anything else, I'll listen to anything that man sings).  I like Crazy In Love but I've heard it so much I never listen to it on the cd.  As far as Signs go, I like Tyrese's Signs of Love Making much better. <br />I definitely favor this cd over Mya's Moodring and Ashanti's Chapter II.  In fact, I can't even listen to Mya's Moodring because absolutely nothing stood out on her cd for me.  I'm glad I heard it before I spent any money (otherwise it would've become a coaster).  Ashanti's was also a disappointment from the first cd.  She may not be a great vocalist but I could definitely play the first cd in my car.  I play Chapter II to go to sleep (thank God I dubbed this from someone too before the $$$ left the purse).   Monica's After the Storm was definitely an improvement from the All Eyez On Me they had originally planned, but I still wasn't that impressed. Brandy's Full Moon was better and more original.<br />For a first effort, I am pleased overall with this cd.  I was probably expecting a lot more, but I'm satisfied.  Unlike some of the others mentioned above, it does get play time.  I can't wait for Alicia Keys sophomore album to drop in November.  I'm pretty sure she won't disappoint me. I'm also looking forward to Tamia's Still next month, however, I hope it's more like her first album and not like the last one.<br />I'm more of a neo-soul and RnB fan, but I also love hip-hop.  So on that note, Bad Boys II OST is off da chain.
0062502182|5.0|This book was fantastic. I can't believe it received so many bad reviews. Clearly the much of the book consists  of METAPHORS and are not meant to be taken literally. I loved the fact that the book was so simple. Its so refreshingly different from so many other overly verbose books. It reminded me of the Little Prince for those reasons. <BR>Pretty much everything that happened in the book has happened to me in some form. I would recommend this book to anyone who has an open mind, not cynical, and is able to interpret ideas in a non-literal manner.
B0000041Q3|5.0|As said by so many reviews already, this Turandot is the combined superlative collaboration of the<BR>                     three most famous and glorious singers of our time. These three singers - Sutherland, Pavarotti, and<BR>                     Caballe - in no particular order, defines the &quot;20th Century Golden Age of Song&quot;. <br />                     There are other great recordings of this masterpiece - notably the Nilsson/Corelli/Scotto and<BR>                     theNilsson/Bjoeling/Tebaldi versions. These two great recordings also feature glorious singing, but<BR>                     the Sutherland/Pavoratti/Caballe's set has by far the most complete combinations of what makes an<BR>                     operatic recording definitive: The singing, sound quality and conducting.<br />                     First, the singers..Dame Joan Sutherland, the sublime voice. She is outstanding as the Princess of<BR>                     China. Her large soprano is only gorgeous but expressive. With such a sensitive reading of the<BR>                     leading role, no wonder Prince Calaf falls madly in love with her. And that is the main reason I<BR>                     prefer her to Birgit Nilsson. (Even though Nilsson is also splendid).<br />                     Luciano Pavarotti is superb as well. He is more lyrical than Franco Corelli, yet more robust in<BR>                     timbre when compare to Jussi Bjoeling (at least in the studio) We, as big opera buffs, know that<BR>                     Corelli is unbeatable in the realm of spinto singing and his &quot;attacks&quot; of the high notes. Yet Pavarotti's<BR>                     top tones are very nearly the equal of Corelli, while his phrasing of Calaf's vocal lines are infinitely<BR>                     superior(to Corelli's). <br />                     Caballe's control of the Italian &quot;art of bel canto&quot; is without rivals. Her ability to deliver pianissimo is<BR>                     one of the greatest thrills in 20th Century opera going. She not only does not disappoint here, she<BR>                     goes beyond my expectations - She holds the highest notes in pp for what seem to be an eternity.<BR>                     Additionally, Caballe has the art of pathos. She simply breaks your heart. <br />                     Now to the sound...There is no despute that the sonics of this definitive Turandot is among the finest<BR>                     available today. Decca's engineers have managed to capture an orchestra painting of such beauty<BR>                     and depth that one feels like they are back in Peking thousands of years ago.<br />                     The orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta is exciting, emotional and rich. It is also &quot;larger than life&quot;.<BR>                     Everyone always mention how great the singers are and forget the conductor and the orchestra Let<BR>                     me assure everyone that both Mehta and N.Y.Phil are sublime.<br />                     In summary, a definitive recording. Surely the most complete Turandot on record and one of the<BR>                     great operatic recordings of our time.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|The days of searching for this DVD, which if u can get it is most likelly bootlegged and outragous prices are over.  I am soo gratefull there releasing it, this will be the best DVD ever!!!!!!!!!
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I really enjoy the t.A.T.u CD, 200 KM/H in the wrong lane.  The songs are very honest and true and most of them are upbeat.  I would recommend their CD to anyone.  t.A.T.u. RULES!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack is a wonderful, incredible creation of fantastic musical masterpiece. The movie, in itself, was downright awesome, and one of the many things loved about it was the music. Through each and every theme, it was riviting, drawing, amazing, and it literally COMPELLED me and my friends to want to LUNGE into the movie screens and pull out a sword to join in. And here it is! Available to us to listen to whenever we like, and it's just freaking amazing. I couldn't rate this 6 out of 5 stars, it wouldn't let me, but it very much deserves such a thing in my opinion and coming from all of us in my little &quot;crew&quot;. Thank you for reading my review, and have a great day!<br />Comments Back Are Always Nifty,<br />Walker Garrett Princeton Pennington
B00008LDPU|5.0|While you may not enjoy each and every story personally, they all offer something of the Matrix universe, and give a better understanding of things you already know about, or introduce you to things you've never considered.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Much, much superior to what I thought possible.  The Editorial Review above summarizes it so well, and I second the Editor's opinion.  I especially liked the early recordings from Royal Albert Hall, Madison Square Garden, and Earls Court.  Each presented a different set of songs, and each looked like the best from a recording studio, yet fully alive and kicking.  I couldn't help being struck by the hard-core blues basic of the band, the transition to hard rock, and the evolution full-scale through blues, rhythm and blues, rock-and-roll, to heavy metal.  I would even state that almost everything in modern hard rock is really a footnote to Led Zeppelin.  Another thing I really liked in the early footage is the camera work and editing--you actually get to see the members playing.  Unlike so much modern editing, where the editor feels required to change the camera angle for every single beat.  Gives you a headache!  Bravo to Jimmy Page and and Dick Carruthers--you guys did most excellent work!  Led Zeppelin I and II were among my very first recordings (on 8-track tape) when I first got my own car and in-car stereo--so this music really brings old memories.  Yet the video footage has a brand-new feel to it. In summary, I was not disappointed.  If you are in any way a Led Zeppelin fan, I don't think you will be disappointed either.
B00009V7P8|5.0|His electric live show is much more interesting than this acoustic CD. That said Lisa Hannigan balances Damien's voice perfectly.    A fine addition to a collection that contains Jeff Buckley (though Jeff is still king), Rufus Wainwright, the Kings of Convenience and the like...
0451169514|4.0|I haven't read that many of King's books, but IT is definately the best one that I have read.  IT is not a mere horror story; IT is also an enticing tale about childhood adventures and adult struggles.  Truely, King marvels at his skill as a writer in this novel.<br />The novel is about a group of friends--Bill, Ben, Stan, Richie, Mike, Beverely, and Eddie--who are seen as outcasts in their youth and form a \\"loser's club.\\"  The group discovers an ancient evil only known as \\"IT\\", which appears again when they are adults.  Adhereing to their childhood pact, the now-adults swear to destroy IT once and for all.<br />IT has quite an interesting structure.  King makes time an important motiff in IT by alternating between the childhood and adulthood of the characters.  He singles out each one in both stages of his or her life to give an in-depth analysis of his or her character, revealing certain fears and weaknesses.  It is interesting to see that even though thirty years have passed, most of the characters still maintain their unique personalities.<br />If you want to read this book, you are in for a long journey--more than 1000 pages.  It is true that this book could have recieved some editing before publication.  About 200-300 pages (mostly about the town or characterization of unimportant characters) could have been deleted without much being lost from the overall story.  I won't tell you to skip reading the interlude pages, but it is probably better to go through them quickly to get back to the story; some of them are rather boring and seem out of place.  Still, they are worth slogging through to finish the novel.  IT does have some faults (in my opinion) around the ending as well--I won't go into detail about them--but these are overshadowed by the marvelous story that constitutes the bulk of the novel.<br />Overall, reading IT was quite an adventure; IT was often quite interesting, sometime rather scary, and usually a page turner.  IT remains the best King book that I have read and in my opinion it is much better than the Stand.  IT is worth the many hours that you will put into reading it.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|An enthralling collection of musical sonnets that makes you wanting more by the song. Its an endless flow of melodious catchy lyrics screaming to the mind and heart urging the listener to keep beat along with the meaningful lyrics. Although his music is somewhat poppy, he will remind you of the likes of Jonny Lang, Bonnie Raitt, Susan Tedeschi, Buddy Guy and Stevie Ray Vaughan. If you like Blues/Rock this is the CD for your collection
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a great adventure book.  In case you are wondering, the book is not about some kind of battle ship sinking, as the title may seem to imply.  Instead Watership Down is the name of the area where a group of rabbits live.<br />I know what you are thinking, &quot;Why would I want to read 400+ pages about rabbits?&quot;  I had my doubts too; the first time I picked up this book, I only got about 20 pages into it before I gave up.  Fortunately, I started reading it again about a year later and found it to be a rather engrossing tale.<br />A group of rabbits, including the main characters of Hazel, Bigwig, and Fiver, leave their warren to avoid being killed when it is destroyed by construction.  The novel tells of their journey to a new warren, its establishment, and the trials of keeping it safe and prosperous.<br />Adams' use of approxiate quotes from various literary sources at the begining of each chapter gives the novel an epic appeal, and the stories El-ahrairah seem akin to popular folktales.  The novel cultivates in a dramatic battle scene.  No, Watership Down is not about elves and wizards, but give it a chance because it is just as entertaining as a fantasy novel.
B000003C2U|5.0|Death was unquestionably one of the, and arguably the primary innovators of the death metal genre, but it was with this album that Death truly built their legacy as one of the greatest metal bands ever. This marked a new phase for Death, turning them from a band into essentially a Chuck Schulinder solo project, with every song on this album, and all future Death albums, being written by Chuck alone. This also marked the beginning of a series of releases of rare, extraordinary quality culminating in the release of the phenemenol Sound of Perseverance, which I consider to be the best Death album, and one of the few greatest albums ever recorded by anyone. If you haven't heard any Death, that is perhaps a better place to start, but this fantastic release still belongs in any metal fans collection, and is probably my second favorite Death album.<br />Though Death was initially a pure Death metal band, this release and all future Death releases are better described as progressive death-thrash, perhaps leaning a bit more towards the thrash side.  It's difficult to say why this is, other than to say that it feels more like thrash than death, to me anyway. Though it maintains much of the increased brutality of death metal, the riffs are very thrashy structurally, and they are always clean and crisp, not blurry and noisy as they tend to be in fast death metal. As a whole the riffs come a cross as a stylistic melding of those found in Reign in Blood and Beneath the Remains. Similarly, the drumming tends to be more thrashy, avoiding the blast-beat style drumming also common to death metal. Speaking of the drumming, Sean Reinert of Cynic is a fantastic drummer, though I prefer the later work of Gene Hoglan and Richard Christy. Sean doesn't seem to have as much personality stylistically as do those 2. To his advantage, he is probably the most accomplished double bass drummer I've ever heard, with even more extensive use of them than the latter 2. He can do them incredibly fast, but still mixes up the tempos more than any drummer I've heard. The rhythm guitar work is excellent as well, some of the fastest and most technically accomplished work around. Chuck seems unable to write an uninteresting riff. The solos/leads are good, but not great, and not nearly as good as they'd become just one album later. They still have their moments, particularly on the instrumental Cosmic Sea and and Lack of Comprehension. The bass is, sadly, pretty much MIA except on the aforementoined Cosmic Sea, where he does a nice, if short solo. Chuck's inimitable vocals fit the music very well, and he writes some thoughtful lyrics.<br />The only real conceivable complaint against this album is that other than the relatively mellow instrumental it has little variety. The intensity rarely relents, and it tends to focus on the extremely fast tempos, though every track drops down to more mid-paced tempos at leat occasionally. However, though it lacks variety, it is very consistent, with the track quality ranging from very good to brilliant. The opener, Flattening of Emotions is probably my favorite track, and is the fastest and most unrelentingly intense track on the album, though it still has a very memorable chorus. The next track, Suicide Machine, is another standout. A bit slower, though it still knows when to kick it up to speed and its got another strong chorus. Lack of Comprehension is another speedy number, with some nice stuttering, jumpy riffs and short leads thrown in as well.(It also has the best solo on the album.) Anyway, enough about the individual tracks. They all rule.<br />Thats really about all I got to say. Truly, a great metal album. Get it.but still mixes up the tempos more than any drummer I've heard. The rhythm guitar work is excellent as well, some of the fastest and most technically accomplished work around. Chuck seems unable to write an uninteresting riff. The solos/leads are good, but not great, and not nearly as good as they'd become just one album later. They still have their moments, particularly on the instrumental Cosmic Sea and and Lack of Comprehension. The bass is, sadly, pretty much MIA except on the aforementoined Cosmic Sea, where he does a nice, if short solo. Chuck's inimitable vocals fit the music very well, and he writes some thoughtful lyrics.<br />The only real conceivable complaint against this album is that other than the relatively mellow instrumental it has little variety. The intensity rarely relents, and it tends to focus on the extremely fast tempos, though every track drops down to more mid-paced tempos at leat occasionally. However, though it lacks variety, it is very consistent, with the track quality ranging from very good to brilliant. The opener, Flattening of Emotions is probably my favorite track, and is the fastest and most unrelentingly intense track on the album, though it still has a very memorable chorus. The next track, Suicide Machine, is another standout. A bit slower, though it still knows when to kick it up to speed and its got another strong chorus. Lack of Comprehension is another speedy number, with some nice stuttering, jumpy riffs and short leads thrown in as well.(It also has the best solo on the album.) Anyway, enough about the individual tracks. They all rule.<br />Thats really about all I got to say. Truly, a great metal album. Get it.
B00006JJ1O|5.0|Does it really matter if they are lesbians or not? or what their image is? The point is that they have good songs. If ignorant people actually looked beyond their 'image' they would see that these girls have some good songs. Some of the better ones being 'All The Things She Said,' 'Show Me Love,' 'How Soon Is Now?' (which Morissey from the Smiths called &quot;magnificent&quot;), and 'Stars.' Even though these girls aren't the best singers, they do have a lot of talent. Their talents are better featured on the Russian album, 200 Po Vstrechnoy.
B000069AUI|2.0|If you're into mainstream music that occasionally sounds like it's trying to say something but ultimately fails to surpass Ear Candy level, this CD will probably light up your life. You can even conduct a conversation or do something that requires some amount of concentration while listening to the unobtrusive music. If, however, you're like me, disgusted by the mainstream and much of this supposed &quot;alternative&quot; movement (which is inherently derivative and uninteresting in itself), you'd do well to stay away.<br />The Jeff Buckley and Radiohead comparisons are, to be frank, insults to those respective artists. Chris Martin seems to enjoy employing his falsetto range on a fairly consistent basis, so he's automatically in Jeff Buckley territory. &quot;God Put A Smile Upon Your Face&quot; lifts the chord progression from a Radiohead song (which lifted the chord progression from a Roxy Music song). Much of the music sounds melancholic, and even (if you don't listen too closely) ethereal and intricate. So they're automatically in the same class as Radiohead, who are ridiculously over-hyped themselves. Listen more closely to, say, &quot;Clocks&quot;, and you might notice that the &quot;intricate&quot; piano part is a simple arpeggio that anyone with a basic understanding of the piano and melody could play. Listen to the lyrics. Brilliant? Incisive? Not quite. I won't quote from them for the sake of my stomach.<br />Essentially, music in general has reached an all-time low. Popular music has melted into one homogenous stew of endlessly-recycled chord progressions, indistinct voices and vapid lyrics. Coldplay stand out because...well...their music at least tries to mean something. No one really hears or talks about artists like Tim Buckley (Jeff's enigmatic, often-misunderstood father), Laura Nyro, Chris Bell, Mary Margaret O'Hara and Scott Walker, unless they're being compared to a new artist who (at best) is nothing more than a pale imitation of something that'salready been done better. Very few people seem interested in music that actually says something, pushes boundaries, challenges and maybe forces them to re-think their conceptions of what music is supposed to be. Not that it always has to SAY or MEAN something, but there's an ever-increasing blurring between what's listenable and what's truly original and thought-provoking. There is a difference, and it's a pretty cavernous one. At this point, good music is instantly deemed incredible, and mediocre is upgraded to good. Adequate musicians become Gods, unskilled lyricists poets. What is trite becomes profound. The thermometer's broken, but no one really minds.<br />But hey, if passable and competent mood music is what you're after, nothing else compares. Myself, I'd rather listen to something obscure that was recorded more than thirty years ago and remains ahead of its time. If you really want to hear music that moves and breathes, track down a copy of Tim Buckley's out-of-print &quot;Starsailor&quot;. His was a voice that truly reached &quot;soaring&quot; heights (and depths). It'll probably scare the hell out of you.
B00008J4P5|5.0|The genius behind the Stripes is utter simplicity. Elephant, recorded in England, demonstrates this simplicity. It was recorded onto an eight track reel. No overproduction here. Just powerful drum thumping and strict guitar throbbing rock, reminiscent R&amp;R's glimmering past. The sounds are similar to Queen and Zeppelin, but stand on their own merit. &quot;In the Cold, Cold Night&quot; as sung by Meg is haunting. &quot;Seven Nation Army&quot; is a great introductory track, as if saying &quot;Once you spin this album, you'll be here to stay.&quot; If you're sick of the lousy product put out by today's music industry, give this one a try. Normally, I'd give it four stars, but with all the mediocre albums out today, you can't skimp on the Stripes. Buy it, you won't regret it.
B00007ELEL|5.0|If you've never seen this movie I suggest you watch it at least five times before you form an opinion.  The plot unfolds more and more every single time you see it.  I think I am up to about my 134th time, and I still see new things.  Its awesome.  Greatest replay value of all times.
B000089RVX|5.0|At first i was kinda skeptical about buying this cd...i saw them on Mtv:You hear it first and i thought they were ok. So i bought the CD with my b-day money. I was BLOWN away. This is by far one of the best Cd's i've ever boughten. The lyric's are very deep and Amy's vocals are awesome.All of the songs on this CD are great,all but 1 have good potential of being singles. The only song i dont like a lot is the 4th track,but all the other songs r bangin. If you want to hear something fresh,then buy this CD.
B000002HJR|5.0|As good as you may *think* this is, if you haven't heard it yet, trust me - you're gonna get hurt.  With a powerful, raw, ear-shattering mix, and a southern-fried demon sludge sound coming straight from the darkest, smelliest depths of some hellish swamp bog, _NOLA_ takes you in with its raw, head-pounding grooves from the moment the CD starts.  Phil Anselmo turns in the most impassioned performance since _Vulgar Display Of Power_ - arguably of his career - but does so while stretching out his range impressively, turning some downright soulful performances on \\"Rehab\\" and \\"Eyes of the South\\".  COC guitarist Pepper Keenan, wallowing luxiriously in stoned, Sabbath-like riffs and gorgeous harmonized leads, sounds something like Tony Iommi on a Molly Hatchet binge.   In addition to the pounding riffage that forms the backbone of the record, Keenan turns some eerie psychadelic work on the mostly instrumental \\"Jail\\" and \\"Pray For The Locust\\".  Completing the quartet impressively are bassist Todd Strange from Crowbar and skin-pounder Jim Bower from Eyehategod, who provide an unbreakable rhythmic spine that would do Sabbath proud. This is such an utter explosion of creativity and brilliance its an exercise in futility to pick the best of the lot, but i'll pledge allegiance to Phil's vocal excoriation on \\"Lifer\\" and \\"Underneath Everything\\" along with the surprisingly melodic single \\"Stone The Crow\\".
B00005JKNC|3.0|I had high expectations for this movie to be much more than it was, and with that in mind it dissapointed me. The plot moved far to rapidly to be believeable throughout the entirety of the movie, and the explainations you would expect to be given for certain aspects of the film never come, forcing the viewer to consider things in a film where the brain power would be much more useful in thinking about where Luke was all these years, or something similar. Everyone believes too quickly, and doubts too little. Also, the Cameos in the movie are ill placed and conceived, and could have been implimented much better.<br />That being said, the acting in the movie is super, starting with Jim Carrey. I would never beleive if you told me that he could have made this role believable and earnest, but he has, and quite commendably. The entire rest of the cast is wonderful as well, with the Usher and the short order cook in stand out performances.<br />In summary, a good movie if you happen to catch it.
B00009APK1|4.0|First of all, I take my hat off to Peter Jackson and his production crews for an excellent job on bringing Tolkien's tales to the screen.  The two so far are eminently watchable and largely true to the original in spirit (though not always in story).<br />Having said that, I would like to reply to those who vehemently deplore the Tolkien \\"purists\\" (as if they had AIDS). Jackson does follow the essentials of the LOTR quite well throughout, but there are, as we know, places where he diverges, sometimes considerably, from the books.<br />These fall into two categories: (1) those that do not affect the important aspects of the story or characters and (2) those that do.  Due to the constraints of film, some changes/edits are inevitable.  Where they fall under type (1), there is no problem and a Tolkien fan who objects vociferously about those is being excessively critical. But those of the second type are a problem, in my view.<br />Examples of the first type are Tom Bombadil and Arwen taking Frodo to the ford.  Tom Bombadil is colorful and fun, but not necessary to the story, hence, the change is acceptable.  Glorfindel, who meets Aragorn and the hobbits above the ford, is not in any way important to the story, so if Jackson substitutes Arwen to create a love interest and have an exciting horse race (not in the original), then that's just fine.<br />In other areas, however, I was disappointed in Jackson because the changes were not necessary and could have been handled differently.  This is most apparent in the Two Towers. For example, the handling of Faramir, whom we are made to think covets the ring for Gondor. This is patently not true in the book.  In fact, it is critical that he does NOT want it and suspects the ruin it would bring to those who tried to wield it. It is he, knowing Boromir better than any, that understand Boromir would have been tempted and guesses that he tried to take it from Frodo.  He does not wait for Sam to make an emotional outburst speech.The point is that men are seen as weak and capable of corruption by all the Old World beings such as the elves and Faramir gives a prime example that some Men (including Aragorn) are not so susceptible and that there is hope for humankind when the elves leave Middle Earth. Jackson completely throws this away just to put in some blitzy battle scenes.  Brining Frodo, Sam and Gollum back to Osgiliath adds nothing and takes away valuable time from the film that would have been better spent on more character development and interaction, something that is often overlooked in favor of special effects and action.<br />Also, Frodo and Sam's interaction with Gollum are sometimes distorted unnecessarily in a way that lessens the story.  Gollum does not attack them at their first meeting, instead it is the hobbits who capture him and it is Frodo's idea, not Gollum's, to make Gollum swear by the ring and to control him with it.  The depth of Frodo's wisdom, though recently naive, is lost in these exchanges.  In addition, Gollum's upcoming betrayal is seen as more a reaction to bad treatment by hobbits rather than the constant corrosive pull of the ring.  Jackson keeps this idea, too, but overplays the other for some Hollywood drama. These are small points but they add up and the constraints of making a film are not an excuse.<br />Overall, the LOTR movies are excellent and we should be grateful for them.  I only wish that Jackson had avoided the Hollywood temptations in places (these were not distortions required by filmmaking), then he would have made perfect films.  And it's a shame because some of them were not necessary and the films could have been kept interesting while staying closer to the original. However, I could also point out numerous examples where, although altering the story/landscape/dialogue somewhat, Jackson stays true to the tale. The bottom line is that he makes good movies that reflect the original fairly closely.<br />If you love the LOTR, get the films and enjoy them as movies. If you want the full story, get the books and read them (does anyone read any more?).
B00006J3WH|5.0|don't buy this, expecting, 'buffy the musical episode' - .... buy this expecting an album - and what an album it is too! i admit, when i listened to this the first time, i did not like it. i thought it was pretty bad compared to the episode which i totally ABSOLUTELY LOVED. but then i listened to it again, and it was absolutely wonderful amazing, it was great. so what, the cast don't exactly have stellar voices, except for a few, the songs aren't exactly Grammy material (remember people, it's a TV show!! this people were not hired to sing and dance) and yet did an incredibly amazing job. the emotions they brought to their roles and songs, especially smg, - not a great voice and yet, made her songs as emotionally hard hitting as ASH's standing, (it practically made you cry)are the BEST things about it and this is why i LOVE this album. FIVE STARS!!! WARNING: the songs get stuck in your head, a LONG time after but you will just love it! <BR>also: lyrics - they all mean something - plus for buffy fans and for non-buffy fans, it's extra interesting, as it tells a story. and knowing the story, you can appreciate more fully the songs themselves, the lyrics, and where they come from. <BR>the best song was walk through the fire. note: did anyone notice the fact that when they were singign this song, there were fire engines going by, behind them?? (the scooby gang) rather ironic>?<BR>um...a GREAT range of songs - it has everything. there is something for everyone here. and songs like 'sacrifice'. i admit i didnt' exaclty like the suites - they're not my style but sacrifice is great esp. as it reminds you of that sad, painful but emotional heartbreaking moment when buffy jumped to her death.<BR>ok, i m going on...<BR>anyway <BR>Buy THIS, buffy fan or not!! my opinion tho - i think the buffy musical episode is better than thsi tho! buy both and watch them for 100 percent satisfaction!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana makes a triumphant comeback with this one-of-a-kind album.  The music has improved 1000% since they were last in the mainstream, 1982.  They offer many different flavors of genres; rock, R&amp;B, pop, latin, blues, giving &quot;Supernatural&quot; its unique flavor.  Carlos Santans's guitar playing is amazing.  Every collaboration; Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas, Lauryn Hill, Eric Clapton, etc., has the chemistry feel in every track.  &quot;Smooth&quot; was a wonderful first release from the album.  It defines how Santana has evolved since 1982.  Hopefully, all future album releases from them are this brilliant.  &quot;Supernatural&quot; defines what how a true musician should sound.
0316666343|2.0|I am sorry, I really liked this book in the beginning.  I found it unique and interesting.  Then, about half way through, it was almost as though another author took over and began writing.  I lost interest in all of it. Her focus stopped being on the murder and investigation, but on characters, I didn't understand.  The ending was disappointing to say the least.  This could have been a very good novel, if the author had not lost her writing style and direction, in the middle of it.   I wish someone could take the idea, and write a really good novel.
0962477060|2.0|Not a bad guide to the underlying logic of the guitar fretboard. Very thorough, too. But if you want an easier, more concise, and practical guide (that I use as a performing musician and guitar instructor) that shows more concrete examples, try Fred Sokolow's Guitar Fretboard Road Maps. Edward's book is more useful for the intermediate guitarist (and beyond) who wants to deepen his understanding of the instrument (it won't improve your playing - Sokolow's will).
B000099T2L|1.0|Not as good as expected. Her voice lacks strong emotions and the songs don't really go along with her voice!!! The only good songs are Naughty Girl (which showcases good music production and TERRIBLE plus \\"don't give a damn attitude\\" vocals), Me Myself And I, Baby Boy, The Closer I Get To You, Dangerously In Love 2 and Daddy. Her lyrics are not deep enough. Tracks like Speechless, Be With You, Yes, Signs and That's How You Like It really [stinks]! Ashanti's album definitely kicks this album's [booty]!!!!!!!!!! At least she writes good lyrics and blends strong emotions in her album. Maybe next time, Beyonce. Go back to Destiny's Child.
0553278398|5.0|For me, the first book in many series is something like a warm-up for the series itself, less interesting or poignant.  This proved totally unture with Prelude to Foundation!  Right away, Asimov let you know just what the book was about, and introduced you to a few major characters that you'll need to know about to make sense of the rest of the series.<br /> Prelude to Foundation begins on Trantor, the heart of the Galactic Empire.  Trade in the empire prospers, and all is peaceful.  There's only one catch - the empire is slowly but surely dying. Only one man, with the help of a few others, can soften the blow to the galaxy.<br />A man named Hari Seldon is called to give a paper on his new theory called psychohistory to the Emperor.  Psychohistory, we are told in the book, is a way of predicting the probability of events - in the future! Because the theory is unfinished and Seldon will not \\"predict\\" the Emperor's future, the Emperor gets mad.  That can't be good, having the leader of 25 million planets angry at you! <br />With the help of two friends, Seldon is forced to flee the Emperor as he develops his theory.  Prelude to Foundation tells what happens during this time, known as the Flight.<br />A man named Chetter Hummin helps Seldon flee.  Hummin has a knack for being where you need him, right when you need him, as well as a few other very unnatural characteristics...<br />A pretty, bright young woman named Dors Venabili also helps Seldon.  She was told by Hummin to protect Seldon, and she takes her job very seriously.  Seldon, who comes from a tiny planet called Helicon, needs her to help him get around on busy and dangerous Trantor.<br />Prelude to Foundation was one of the few books that passed my \\"Test of Time\\" - I could read it five times over without stopping!  This is an absolutely amazing book, and a wonderful start to a series.
B00002EPMF|5.0|This Cd is a masterpiece. Great vocals along with Chuck Schuldiner's masterful playing.
0792164903|5.0|this is one of my all time favorites.  The story of course is taken from the tales of the headless horseman, but the portrayal is truly original.  Johnny Depp is amazing and the entire cast makes this a must see movie. Action is upbeat and the movie takes on a true to life feel.  A very good movie!
B000000H66|5.0|This CD is  yet another masterpiece in the catalog of Chuck Schuldiner.
6304981635|5.0|THE BEST BRUCE LEE MOVIE TO GRACE THE SCREEN, EVER. A MAN ENTERS A STRANGE TOURNAMENT ON AN ISLAND IN SEARCH OF THE MAN WHO KILLED HIS SISTER. THE BEST MARTIAL ARTS MOVIE EVER. PERIOD. MUCH OF THE MARTIAL ARTS MOVIES THAT CAME AFTER THIS TRYED TO EITHER COPY IT OR BE BETTER THAN IT. AND NONE OF THEM SUCCEEDED. I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD EVER GIVE A MARTIAL ARTS MOVIE 5 STARS. OH, AND BE SURE TO LOOK FOR CAMEOS BY SAMO HUNG AND JACKIE CHAN. NOTHING SHORT OF A MASTERPIECE. AND HOW DID THIS MOVIE GET AN R-RATING? THIS WOULD BE LEE'S FINAL FILM HE WOULD LIVE TO COMPLETE. RETURN WAS MADE BEFORE ENTER.
0440133688|5.0|I read this as a first year med student, when everything to come was a great mystery. The world of the training institution (think large, urban teaching hospital here) comes alive in this book, and while it seemed to me at the time that much of it must have been &quot;buffed&quot; by the author to make it more interesting, it turns it out is pretty right on. <BR>I hope it doesn't shatter the readers' confidence in their doctors; what comes accross as a lack of compassion amongst Interns &amp; Residents is just a symptom of the duress of their training ordeal (and their lack of sleep). Happily, excellent skills are usually attained by the concentration of work done, and compassion, if flagging in a few, returns to most all not long after Residency ends.
B00004Y87O|4.0|IN THIS 1981 CLASSIC, A MAN NAMED SNAKE PLISSKEN [KURT RUSSELL]IS SENT TO MAXIMUM SECURITY PRISON OF NEW YORK TO RESCUE THE PRESIDENT [DONALD PLESANCE] WHO'S BEEN KIDNAPPED BY A GANG OF CRIMINALS. GREAT ACTION, EVEN THOUGH THE FILM CAN BE SLOW MOVING AT TIMES. KURT RUSSELL DOES A VERY GOOD JOB OF PLAYING THE ONE-EYED SNAKE PLISSKEN, ISSAC HAYES DOES FAIRLY WELL PLAYING THE VILLAIN OF THIS FILM, AND DONALD PLEASANCE DOES A GOOD JOB PLAYING THE KIDNAPPED PRESIDENT. GOOD ACTION FROM BEGINNING TO END. FOLLOWED 15 YEARS LATER BY ESCAPE FROM LA.
0786868694|4.0|If you are looking for a book that has recipes for cooking everything, then this is not what you are looking for. But what you do get with &quot;Nigella Bites&quot; is a lively conversation with the lovely Nigella Lawson and a handful of great recipes to work into your own repertoire. She has given us recipes that are perfect for the work week, requiring little time and easily obtainable ingredients. And she also has a section for the weekend dishes when you do have the time to linger in the kitchen. The chicken with chorizo and kale, lemon risotto, salmon fishcakes, corn pudding and linguine with pancetta and garlic oil are all integrated in my meal rotation.
B0000648WZ|5.0|Starship Troopers may very be the worst movie ever made.  That said, I must admit that I find the movie to be hilarious.  <br />The plot is that the Bugs inhabit a planet across the galaxy from us.  They have developed the bad habit of pitching asteroids at Earth, a problem that obviously has to be solved.  The Earth responds by assembling a space armada to go fight it out with the Bugs.  Enter Barbie Doll and Ken Doll, the female and male leads.<br />Barbie Doll and Ken Doll join the army because it looks like great fun.  Barbie gets to be a starship pilot (brave Barbie) and Ken Doll is in the Infantry (i.e., he's a Grunt).  Unfortunately, although Earth has developed technology that allows us to travel to the other side of the Galaxy, the infantry is still using guns and bullets.  And, it takes a lot of bullets to kill just one of the Bugs, but luckily the guns are able to fire a long time before running out of ammo (lucky for the Grunts).<br />I could go on forever talking about the cardboard like characters, the silly dialogue, the bugs shooting blue plasma out of their behinds at the space armada, but you really need to experience this silly film yourself.  A friend's wife said she felt like she lost a year of college watching this movie.  There is no better recommendation than that.  <br />Rent or buy the DVD and prepare to be tickled.
B000059XXZ|3.0|THE MOVIE BATMAN HAS A DARKER FEELING TO IT. THE REASON I PICK THE 1ST BATMAN TO BE SECOND BECAUSE ITS A DARK MOVIE.PS THE MOVIE YOU SOULD SEE IS BATMAN RETURNS.IT HAS A CHISTMAS FEELING TO IT.
B000007MVX|5.0|Apart from the annoying &quot;Story Of The Hare...&quot; the material on here is among Tull' absolute best being complex, playful and eccentric. It is also their most fully realized oratorio (the other being TAAB). Definitely among the greatest prog-rock records ever.
0385474547|5.0|I first read this book in high school at first I did not thik I would like this book, but I was completley wrong. This book travels back to a time before books, computers, cellphones and credit cards. The main character in this book wants to live up to his villages expecations but in the end those expectations lead to his destruction. If you are an avid reader like me then you have your own personal library and this book should be in it.I have both read the book and seen the play. If the play comes to your area then you must see the book come alive.
B0000025C0|5.0|And as opposed to their debut here the 2nd side is much better than the 1st. The only lesser songs on here are &quot;It's Easy&quot; and &quot;The Journey&quot; which isn't really a song though but they are enjoyable nonetheless. Best cuts include the title track, &quot;Used To Bad News&quot; and &quot;Don't Be Afraid&quot; which reminds me of Zep's &quot;Ramble On&quot;.
B00008PX8P|2.0|This really hurts!<br />Robert Plant's awesome vocals are buried in the mix. One can easily imagine that this thing has been re-mixed by the guitar player! A more appropriate title for this DVD would be \\"Guitar Virtuoso Jimmy Page, Accompanied By Others.\\" The guitar is mixed so loud that there is no appreciable variation of volume when Page takes a \\"lead\\" (hell, it's ALL lead)! Jimmy I loved your guitar playing but it was the incredible singer Robert Plant who was your FRONT man!<br />The camera work is just terrible. The people you hired didn't even have the ...competence to realize that,... when someone is taking a lead THE CAMERA SHOULD STAY ON THEM! And so we have countless moments of Page burning up his Les Paul while the camera lovingly rests on Plant putting his vocal mic back on the stand, close ups of the bass, etc. And this kind of inept camera work was apparently never corrected over the years. Or did Page select these shots deliberately? Was Page afraid that someone would steal his chops by photographing his LEFT HAND (the one on the guitar neck)? We got lots more shots of his pick hand--which for a guitar player is dullsville.<br />What a pity. I was really looking forward to this. The sound quality is so good--as is the photographic quality of the footage. But the film editing and the sound mix [are] just[terrible].<br />Robert Plant should be really [angry]. You've been buried alive by the guitar player, man.
B000002L82|4.0|When I say classic I mean this is a classic New Order album that isn't a greatest hits collection (which is pretty much all New Order has been putting out for the last 5 years).  I love pretty much all of these songs.  They have the classic New Order blend of guitars and cynth sounds.  The previews offered by Amazon here give you a good taste of whatthe songs are like, if you're into them then give the album a try.
6304698798|5.0|From the opening triumphant strains of Ennio Morricone's legendary score and those wonderfully dated '60s opening credits, you know you're watching something pretty special.<br />This is one of those films that even people who haven't seen it, know all about it because, over the years, it has become absorbed into popular culture.<br />Does it get any better than Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach and Clint Eastwood in the same film together? All three actors play brilliantly off one another with Van Cleef exuding absolute menace, Wallach gleefully chewing up the scenery (the way he says, \\"You bastard!\\" is brilliant) and Eastwood is at his laconic best as the mysterious Blondie (aka The Man With No Name).<br />Sergio Leone's direction is a revelation. He totally reinvents the western into his own unique style that has been imitated but never equaled. Right from the opening shot of a close-up of an grotesque man to the tension-filled final showdown between the three leads, Leone demonstrates a complete command of his craft.<br />There's a reason that this film is considered one of THE best westerns of all time: you've got Leone's brilliant direction that subverts genre expectations, Morricone's great soundtrack that covers the entire emotional spectrum, and a killer cast that are risen to iconic status as a result of their performances in this movie.<br />While some consider Once Upon A Time in the West to be Leone's masterpiece, I think that The Good, The Bad and The Ugly edges it out ever so slightly, in my opinion, because I find it infinitely more watchable. It's one of those movies I can sit down and watch any time and if it's ever on TV I usually end up watching it all the way through to the end.<br />This DVD is a must-have for fans of this film because Leone's proper aspect ratio for this film is faithfully restored. This is the ONLY way to see this movie because [bad] pan and scan completely destroys Leone's widescreen compositions. The sound and picture quality is fantastic and the extras are not half bad -- although, an audio commentary would've been nice.<br />Essential viewing.antastic and the extras are not half bad -- although, an audio commentary would've been nice.<br />Essential viewing.
B000002GJH|5.0|Dedicated to late Mother Love Bone vocalist Andy Wood, this disc brings together the heavyweights of grunge, sounding anything but half baked. Chris Cornell &amp; Matt Cameron of Soundgarden and the boys from Pearl Jam collaberate on a deeply personal record that celebrates life. From the opening Hendrix-y strains of &quot;Say Hello 2 Heaven&quot; to the lush organ sound of &quot;All Night Thing&quot; everything here is perfect. Instead of dwelling on moribund issues, Cornell remembers Wood fondly on the Sabbath drenched &quot;Reach Down&quot; and reflects on heroin addiction in &quot;Times Of Trouble.&quot; Tragedy often brings out the best in artists and sadly this is no exception.
B0000024W3|4.0|The first time I heard this album I nearly laughed myself unconscious. I had recently seen \\"Don't Look Back\\" in which Dylan gives surrealistic and absurd press conferences, makes fun of Donovan, and pretty much shows he's not your conventional performer. Then I heard the opening notes of \\"All the Tired Horses\\" and I was pretty sure that this album was in the same league as the \\"Oh! I though you'd ask me about the lightbulb\\" or \\"I consider myself a song and dance man\\" press conference clips from \\"Don't Look Back.\\" I laughed and laughed, played it for friends, who usually didn't understand what I found funny, and more or less made up my mind that this album represented Dylan giving the middle finger to his fans. For some strange reason that belief endeared the album to me.<br />Years later, when I finally opened enough musically to appreciate Dylan's \\"country phase\\" (beginning with, roughly, \\"John Wesley Harding\\" and roughly ending with this album) I now think about this album very differently, and I actually enjoy listening to it, with the exception of a few tracks.<br />Dylan's first decade was spent continually changing styles. The \\"protest singers\\" hugged him to their bosoms until \\"Another Side of Bob Dylan\\" and then became violently offended when he completely ditched the protest scene, went electric and didn't seem to care what they thought. Simultaneously, an entire new scene opened up to him with \\"Like A Rolling Stone.\\" Now Dylan was cool, and cooler than could ever be imagined. He was on the pop charts and in the spotlight. The fans at the time probably thought that Dylan had found himself and looked forward to years and years of the same kind of thing. But he unexpectedly turned coat on the \\"cool rock\\" scene as well and dove head first into its seeming \\"uncool\\" antithesis: country music. The rock fans must have felt a similar betrayal that the \\"folkies\\" did when Dylan went electric. On top of it, Dylan didn't seem to care what they thought, and he again put his career on the line.<br />Looking back at over 30 albums it's a little clearer what Dylan was up to. He refused to be typecast or set into one musical genre to die a slow musical death of sameness. Most of his fans probably didn't appreciate this, but it makes Dylan one of the most challenging musical figures of the 20th century. This spirit is alive and well in \\"Self-Portrait.\\"<br />\\"Self-Portrait\\" has some very good songs on it: \\"Alberta\\", \\"Little Sadie\\", \\"I Forgot More than You'll Ever Know\\", \\"Early Mornin' Rain\\", etc. If you appreciate Dylan's \\"country phase\\" you will like this album. It is uneven and confusing at times, but it was supposedly meant to be an \\"official bootleg\\" - Dylan was tired of hearing his unreleased songs on unofficial bootlegs, so he thought he'd do one of his own. The feel of the album in general is completely consistent with this concept.<br />There are a few confusing numbers: the live version of \\"Like A Rolling Stone\\" is sloppy and taken from an obvious \\"off\\" night(Dylan even forgets the lyrics). \\"The Boxer\\" (a song apparently about Dylan) is hilarious, as well as \\"Blue Moon\\" and \\"Wigwam.\\" These could be the result of either Dylan's sense of humor (he may have wanted to slap Paul Simon back for \\"The Boxer\\") or of experimentation (he had to have experimented a lot when changing musical styles).<br />By far the most confusing (and hilarious) part of the album is the cover and sleeve art (which is lost somewhat in the CD booklet - the original LP had a full color gatefold sleeve): Dylan looking up in the sky like a bird just defecated on him, Dylan kneeling down beside a chicken, Dylan posing by a road sign with strong emphasis on the road sign. Are these pictures even worth analyzing?<br />The answer to the question: \\"Is this album a joke?\\" is probably both yes and no. In some ways it is, and in others it is not. It is definitely challenging (because there are so many ways to interpret what Dylan may have been up to). It contains very good and underrated music. It also contains the spirit of the Albert Hall concert of 1966, though fans who liked that concert probably hated \\"Self Portrait.\\" Dylan was again changing, and he didn't care what we all thought about it. \\"Self Portrait\\" is further evidence of Dylan's unrelenting mission to remain undefined or pigeon-holed into being a one-trick pony.ood and underrated music. It also contains the spirit of the Albert Hall concert of 1966, though fans who liked that concert probably hated \\"Self Portrait.\\" Dylan was again changing, and he didn't care what we all thought about it. \\"Self Portrait\\" is further evidence of Dylan's unrelenting mission to remain undefined or pigeon-holed into being a one-trick pony.
0790737345|5.0|This movie is amazing! Its so sad, I cried for like 30 minutes once it was over! (Im very emotional) Its really touching that he loved her enough that he would sacrafice being an angel! What a sweet thing to do! Its a classic movie you should either rent or buy it!
B00005JM09|3.0|\\"Not bad, but inferior to the previuos ones.\\"  That's what I thought after watching \\"T3: Rise of the Machines.\\"  Jonathan Mostow did a very good job, but not as good as James Cameron.  Many people say many things about Cameron, but one thing is clear; he insists on his own vision.<br />That is sadly missing in this so-so sequel.  The story is basically the same as \\"T2\\": another super-robot is sent from the future to kill John Conner, who is supposed to be the savior of the world after the coming war between machines and humans, and another robot in the shape of Arnold Schwarznegger is also sent to protect him.  This time, however, things are a bit different, the film wants to say.<br />You can find no Cameron's signature -- no Linda Hamilton (that's a big minus); no unique idea like liquid-type super-killer of Robert Patrick, or no Edward Furlong.  Think about this, you know, these people all get famous after appearing in this series, and that's the proof that Cameron, who might be a director demanding too much, is good at inducing the actors to give 100% potentials.  And of course, Arnie, who became an instant star with \\"I\\"ll be back.\\"<br />But Jonathan Mostow fails on this score; compared to Hamilton and Furlong, Nick Stahl and Claire Danes are playing unimpressive characters, not credible as the hero and the heroine we can relate to.  Maybe I am too harsh, considering the fact that they replaced other players on short notice.  Anyway, all people should agree that they should not meet each otehr THAT way (no future hero should be kept up in that place like a dog.)  And about the new-comer Ms Loken as the new-type terminator, I thought she (it) doesn't look strong at all, giving too many gimmicks.  The filmmakers should have known that only one kind of weapon will do for truely strong heroes and villains (see the previous Terminators and all the characters in \\"X-Men\\").  <br />The actions themselvs are exciting, I can tell you, but you have to wait for it to hit thescreen.  The film constantly shows something engaging, and the director, he says in an interview, intentionally keeps the running time within 2 hours.  Surely the film is action-packed.<br />This is a kind of a film producer Mario Kassar did in the 90s -- like \\"Universal Soldiers\\" -- no logics, good actions, and plenty of humor thrown in the plot.  The only difference is, I again say, no James Cameron.  If you still wondering whether you should watch it or not, think about this point first.
B000002MIF|4.0|This compilation album by the smiths is great but I don't get how some critics could call this the best smiths album out there that honor goes to the classic &quot;The Queen is Dead&quot;.Though this is still pretty good and it contains the great song&quot;William it was really nothing&quot;.I save my long reviews for actual albums and give compilations small reviews unless it has a bunch of songs that are new.BABYLAND FOREVER
B000066NW0|1.0|I can best sum up this \\"artist\\" in two words:  RIDICULOUSLY OBNOXIOUS.  I thought that no one could top the Backstreet Boys and the rest of the boyband garbage in being the MOST ANNOYING music.  Frankly, I would rather listen to extremely annoying children's music for hours and hours instead of listening to one of these songs.  Save your money and your sanity, don't buy this poor excuse for music!!!
B000002L7J|4.0|Milk,yes this is my third favorite smiths album and as the other reviewer's mentioned an &quot;80's guitar classic&quot; with lyrics about self-pity,isolation and his famed celibacy.From the Wobbly guitar classic of &quot;How soon is now&quot; to the Vegitarian cry of &quot;Meat is murder&quot; this has the makings of a good album,not a great album mind you but still a good album,but if yer starting to get into the band then get &quot;The Queen is Dead&quot; first and this one 3rd.Milk and BABYLAND FOREVER THE SMITHS ARE A FAVORITE IN MY BABYLAND.THE LAND OF BABIES
B00005YXZH|1.0|First let me say that I like Wilco, I liked Summer Teeth, I liked AM, I liked Being There. I like Uncle Tupelo. I like Son Volt.<BR>I just don't like this album. People have said that you need several listens to unravel the mysteries of the album to truly appreciate it - and maybe that is true. I just can't get through the requisite four or five listens - this music is just horribly unenjoyable. There is nothing fun or catchy here. Other &quot;complicated&quot; albums gave me reasons to return to them, gave me reasons to listen repeatedly as the album grew on me- like the electronic/Marching Band sound of the title track on &quot;Kid A&quot;. YHFT doesn't - nothing here is anything I would like to revisit. Music is supposed to be fun, and this just isn't.
B000002L9J|5.0|Hello i'm here to review the masterpiece by the smiths that is &quot;The Queen is Dead&quot;.First of all Milkbaby would have to say this is his favorite Smiths album of all time, my second favorite being &quot;Strangeways here we come&quot;,which is an underated Smiths album in my opinion.Anywho back to this album,what makes this album so great in my opinion is that this is the first smiths album that has a good clean sound to it,where as it's predecesors had only a few songs that had a clean sound to it like for example on the &quot;Meat is murder&quot; album listen to most of the songs the listen to the track &quot;how soon is now?&quot; and thats the track with the clean sound.Back to this album,from Morrissey's angst-ridden lyrics and heavenly singing to Johnny Marr's great guitar work thru and thru this is a great album and if yer going to check this album out you should first hear the songs &quot;The Queen is Dead&quot; and the epic &quot;There's a light that never goes out&quot; and the best track here in my opinion is&quot;The boy with the thorn in his side&quot; where Morrissey's trademark crooning comes at the last part of the song.If yer just now getting into the smiths then this is the album you should buy or at least check out the sound samples first,this was my first smiths album now I own all of them.<BR>&quot;Fame Fame, fatal fame it can play hideous tricks on the brain but still Id rather be famous than righteous or holy,any day&quot; words from the great Morrissey.Milk,BABYLAND FOREVER,YAY EXCELLENT BABY ALBUM BY THE SMITHS!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|i have seen the movie enough times to hear how wonderful a job Mr. Badelt has done with the music.Literally, the first thing i said after viewing the movie was,\\" WOW i need to get the soundtrack!\\"  For those who have not seen the movie, shame on you. It is great and the music is intense enough to keep you glued to every word Orlando says or to laugh along with witty Johnny Depp. The music plays into the movie's character sooooooo well. I would recommend it to all movie soundtrack lovers like me!  It is short but it has such an amazing amount of enthusiam that makes you want to jump up and start swordfighting!  It is incredibly fun and energetic.  I love the<BR>main theme through out the cd.  it is very consistant and i love it for that!!!
0385504209|4.0|After all the media hype, I couldn't wait to read this book. The story started out very intriguing, but lost its zest fairly early in its development. The ending was pretty obvious, but the path to get there was fast and fun. While Brown does a masterful job with the historical details and information (his supporting information is amazing), the plot and characters are not developed as well as I hoped. Also, the time frame of the story is very unrealistic.<br />This is a fun read, but not a book for easily offended Catholics, or any Christian for that matter. Great book for those fascinated with code breaking and Holy Grail mythology. It prompted me to do further reading on this subject! This book will definitly prompt readers to do some thinking about their own beliefs.
B00006CXXU|3.0|Ok, i'm not trying to diss Christina Aguilara or anything, because she has a beautiful, strong voice and the new lyrics are awesome. The only thing i didnt like about this cd was that most of the songs sounded the same, that's all. If you liked the first christina, go on and get the cd. If you find her kinda wavey voice a little annoying, skip it. Three stars for beautiful voice, strong voice, and unique lyrics.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|This is a great soundtrack especially for this paticular movie, but its a little short compared to how long the movie is, but overall its a great soundtrack, really upbeat and great music.
B00006F7S4|3.0|I dont know what people see in this album. It is very good, but is so much mellower than anything befor...even mutations. I didnt really like it because i am more into the weird freak out beck. Nothing wrong with this, other than if you like what beck is famous for, the strange and out there music, this is totaly different.
0345448898|5.0|This trilogy starts off tranquilly enough, by introducing a young girl that you are not sure that you actually like all that much.  The tale takes off from there, however, as Lyra is gradually sucked into a whirlwind of events from kidnappers to soul-stealers to a battle against heaven.<br />The first question to enter my mind after finishing this trilogy was \\"how is this a children's book?\\"  Other than the main characters being two pre-teens, I did not see how these books offered more to children than adults.  The major themes are heavy indeed, from God and consciousness to the discovery that intentions, good or bad, often have unforeseen consequences. While the more metaphysical aspects of the story may pass by the younger reader this dazzling tale offers much to young and old a like.  The adult characters are inherently flawed (which makes them believable) and the children, though flawed themselves, have powers that help them achieve their great purpose.  Interestingly enough, their strength lies in the very fact that they are children, Lyra's penchant for lying gets her out of many a scrape and her unknowing state of grace provides her with the ability to see truth. It is their unconsciousness that allows these children to do what no others can.  Pullman has invented characters from Lyra and Will to Iorek Brynison (an armored bear) and Serfina Pekkala (a witch) that leap off the page and will live in the hearts of readers everywhere.<br />Admittedly, this story has much that would disturb certain people, mainly issues such as the sexuality of children, the fallibility of the \\"Church,\\" the corruption of the kingdom of heaven as well as violence and homosexuality.  If you are more open-minded and are ready to be entertained by this amazing tapestry of unique ideas and unforgettable characters, I recommend that you pick up a copy of these books.  <br />As for the Harry Potter comparison that everyone is so eager to make, other than the two series both being writtenby British authors catering to a generally younger audience about amazing events, they truly stand on their own having nothing in common, though (in my opinion) both stand as exemplars of the finest of storytelling.
B00008H2LB|1.0|I bought this album because I read so many good reviews, but I have to tell you I am very unimpressed.  I definitely enjoyed their first album, but this is a very lame follow-up.  I can tell that they tried too hard on this album, and didn't let things flow.  I definitely would not recommend this album.  Buy something different.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Anyone can tell you whether or not they like a song. the difference is when the songwriter and performer merge in order for the message to resonate. Move over Jack Johnson...out of the way John Mayer...step aside for someone bringing rock back to its roots.<br />Throughout the disc DeGraw mixes lilting piano strains with a bass driven core and the occasional big-band sound. It's a surpising mix of deftly woven main-stream hooks and earth-bound verses that keeps Gavin putting a fresh twist on the meaning of &quot;radio hit&quot;. rest assured he has no problem replicating this sound live, as seen on the recent debut performance of &quot;Pepsi Smash&quot;<br />With songs following typical male relationship issues in title, one might reach for the whole disc with trepidation, yet when pressed for answers we see a singer who is comitting to more than a just a fling with his fans. DeGraw sings earnestly about getting back to basics in &quot;chariot&quot;<br />all in all, listeners looking to find a solid disc will turn to the strains of Gavin DeGraw as a fresh alternative to the tired electronic babble that is mainstream pop. One might just say it's a clever and catchy mix that the generation gap can sing along to together.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Wow this cd is really good, i recommend everybody that likes chilled music to buy this cd. Norah Jones is just great!<br />kisses Jennie
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is the Beatles for the casual fan.  While I would consider myself to be more than a casual fan, these are the songs that you hear on the radio.  The songs that made them famous.  It is also a good showcase for how good a team Lennon and McCartney are. It does sadly emphasize how George Harrison was overlooked. It does provide him with a good moment having Something on there though.  The Beatles are one of the greatest Rock and Roll bands ever.  27 number one hits should emphasize that greatness. I don't need to tell you which songs are good because they all are.  And they are all well known.  If you want to get a simple hits collection for The Beatles, get this.
038572179X|2.0|I chose this book because it had won so many awards and was disappointed. Although cleverly written (in the different voices/writing style of characters), I had to force myself to focus to get through the first 150 pages. It was like Briony was trying so hard to show that she was intelligent, she used unbelievably big words and took forever to describe something that could have been said in a few words. Once the story started to move, I enjoyed it and have decided it was worth the effort to finish it...
B000089RVX|2.0|Indeed this female vocalist is impressive in her tone and clarity. The strength of her notes combined with the ease she displays sliding from note to note is worth notice. <BR>There are brief moments of atmospheric tones throughout the disc that create a hope that something interesting is going to happen. The end of My Immortal going into Haunted and its choral support is interesting.  Brief interesting moments such as these that unfortunately fall into a kind of formulaic melody and chord structure that someone in the band decided was the only way to go. Thereis very little that is unique about this vocalist or the band. Once the guitar decides to chime in all we get is the usual tripe chord structure and tone from every other band Evanescence resembles. This disc will be good fodder tracks for such Buffy The Vampire Slayer type TV shows where teenagers and fan watchers will need some heavy metal/hint of goth music to boost an already unimpressive set design or limping storyline that sucks most of us in. Damn you Hollywood! Hopefully this band will get some decent money from TV and movies, end up on some compilation soundtracks and then we never hear from them again. <BR>Who knows what this lead singer/band will need to break out of this generic blandess. Improvements are not up to critics to decide that, it's up to artists. She may very well surprise us with future recordings but for now I'm taking this disc to a second hand store to sit on the used racks.
0385504209|5.0|I read the book.  It was good.  A guy gets killed, and a really smart Harvard man and a French policewoman try to find the killer.  Bhosre waale gandu aur maader chod logo kush aur kerne koo nahi hai joo yahaa computer kai saame apne maa koo chod rahee hoo.  I stayed up all night to read this book, it was that good.  Jaa kar kahi aur gand maraao.  If you can understand Hindi, then I am talking about you.
B00000K0DK|5.0|How much power can a man have? How much power can a man wish? How much would a man influence others, and how much would he wish to control them?<br />This is an excellent movie to think about these questions. It may seem too fictitious judging just by the questions, but *there are* people like that outside. There are people with such power, and people with such ambition, or desire of controlling others.<br />And, at the end of their lives, if they grew up that much power, they could still influence others in bizarre ways, as the movie shows from its start.<br />This movie gives space not only for these thoughts, but also for the other side of human relationship. Not control, but affection. How do humans choose one or another to pursue?
B000002JS6|5.0|Back in Black is an incredible album from start to finish.  In my mind, it virtually epitomizes hard rock.  This album doesn't contain anything real innovative.  There are no keyboards or wind instruments or strings or anything else like that.  It is just balls to the wall rock and roll for ten straight tracks.  My personal favorite songs are the title track and You Shook Me All Night Long.  Rock 'N' Roll Ain't Noise Pollution and Hell Bells are also great.  Heck, all of the tracks rock.  This is the best Brian Johnson has ever sounded, in my opinion.  As his career has progressed, his voice has deteriorated little by little as a result of his gritty vocal style.  Angus and Malcolm rule on guitars as usual.  AC/DC has released much great material, but this is definitely their crowning achievement.  If you are a hard rock fan, this is a must.
B00005UEAR|5.0|There is one feature of Dream Theater's new album, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, that I find incredibly appealing.  Having previously only been exposed to Dream Theater's Scenes from a Memory, I found the band a bit hard to listen to because its cinematic appeal urges you to sit down and listen to the whole thing from start to finish.  The two disc format of Six Degrees changes things so that there is one CD with five unrelated songs that you can listen to whenever it's convenient, and one CD with that epic feel for when you have the time to sit it through.<br />As for the material, it's diverse, engaging, and most of all, meaningful.  Dream Theater requires a lot of patience, especially since every moment demands your full attention, but rarely is a musical experience so rewarding as this.  I can't count the number of times I was overwhelmed with goosebumps, or the number of times I thrashed my head, regardless of those who were watching (sorry, Mom).<br />I am also a big fan the heaviest kinds of metal.  I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical with this band before I tried them.  Frankly, I thought that the slower bits would bore me.  A word of advice to other metal fans who may think them to be a bit soft:  keep an open mind and try one of their albums.  Some songs will fulfill the metaler's urge for pummeling excitement, but most will help him realize that he is not just a fan of metal, but a fan of music and the essence that oils its gears.<br />And to Dream Theater fans, I say, another masterpiece, technical geniuses, zip bang wow, you probably know the drill.  Another glowing five-star review, as if the band needed another to prove that it's great.  I hope I was helpful!
B000002JS6|5.0|Back in Black is an incredible album from start to finish.  In my mind, it virtually epitomizes hard rock.  This album doesn't contain anything real innovative.  There are no keyboards or wind instruments or strings or anything else like that.  It is just balls to the wall rock and roll for ten straight tracks.  My personal favorite songs are the title track and You Shook Me All Night Long.  Rock 'N' Roll Ain't Noise Pollution and Hell Bells are also great.  Heck, all of the tracks rock.  This is the best Brian Johnson has ever sounded, in my opinion.  As his career has progressed, his voice has deteriorated little by little as a result of his gritty vocal style.  Angus and Malcolm rule on guitars as usual.  AC/DC has released much great material, but this is definitely their crowning achievement.  If you are a hard rock fan, this is a must.
1573226521|5.0|I hadn't had the pleasure of reading this book when it came out, and in an action which may be absurd to some, i saw the movie first. I liked the movie but i thought it was simplified so i read the book.  It is no suprise that the script was rewritten to be more pop.  Anyway, the book was great i couldnt put it down, i felt wondering what would happen next even thoguh i saw the movie.  I found the story line and the internal problems of the character very well articulated. The post modernist perspective was great, perfect for the young generation, drugs, dreamlike mindscapes and exotic adventure.  Defintely recommend this for the people who want to tune out from everyday life.
B000006XDX|5.0|The Single Factor is in my opinion Camel's best album. Heroes is a fantastic song: lead vocal by David Paton is excellent and backing vocals by one of the greatest voices ever, Chris Rainbow. Both have also been part of the Alan Parsons Project. Another highlight is 'You Are The One'. Except for bass and drums, Andrew Lattimer does it all on this song. Furthermore I especially like 'Camelogue', 'Today's Goodbye' and 'A Heart's Desire'. Maybe old-fashioned Camel fans prefer other albums, but I like this one because there is more singing on this one than on other Camel albums.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|When i heard Gavin live, I was immediately obsessed.  This obsession hasn't stopped yet!  I waited until his album came out like a child waiting for Santa...and i wasn't disappointed!!!!  This cd is soooo amazing, the lyrics are A+, his voice is amazing, there isn't a song i don't like on there.  Definately something you must buy!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|Beautiful music that takes you back to the movie itself, and lets you fantasize about pirate life. savvy?!
B000092ZYX|4.0|Upon first listen, this record left me cold and somewhat sad at what I saw as a major step backwards.  Unlike some (or maybe most) people, I don't believe Radiohead reached their peak with 'OK Computer' and 'The Bends.'  Though brilliant, had they put out 'OK Computer Part II' and 'Return of The Bends,' we'd be thinking of them the same way we think of Oasis right now.  Instead they pushed forward bravely with 'Kid A' and 'Amnesiac'--difficult, complex, and ultimately rewarding recordings.  So the softer and somewhat user-friendly sounds on 'Hail to The Theif' left me feeling at first betrayed, as if they were retreating to a safe, quiet place to perhaps fit snuggly next to the Coldplay CDs in your collection.  <br />Repeated listenings reveal the subtle touches and electronics of the prior two albums but as recorded by a rock band on a deadline--Thom Yorke's voice and ennunciation have never sounded clearer, the arrangements not quite as fussy as if Mr. Greenwood didn't have time to consider, &quot;What can I use here instead of a guitar?&quot;  They play to their strengths without dumbing themselves down.  The political bend to the title shouldn't scare anyone--another review on this page mentions his politiking, but if you can point to a specific lyric you have a greater understanding of Yorke's lyrics than I--his main concerns remain living a normal life under the grips of severe fear and paranoia and that crosses every political bound I can think of.  If Coldplay can sell millions sounding like Radiohead trying to record 'The Joshua Tree', perhaps Radiohead sounding like 'Kid A'-Radiohead trying to record 'OK Computer' can as well.  Not likely, but not just for the die-hards.  And I CHALLANGE you to get the melodies for &quot;Back Drifts.&quot; and &quot;Myxomatosis.&quot; out of your head days after hearing them.  This material should explode live.
B00005JLXE|5.0|This movie was a lot better than i expected.  Even if the movie was bad, it is worth watching to just see jennifer garner.
B00004W52U|5.0|this is one cd you can listen to all way through then go through it once more. then a few days later do it again. never gets old
B00009V7RF|5.0|well....i love this cd..but the only thing i was gonna mention is that the new girl known as &quot;fergie&quot; (stacie ferguson sp?) yeah. well she was in wild orchid!! strange egh? yeeah...hmm.. image changed ... alot ... for someone born in 1975. i mean, yeah nice voice &amp; all...but i would of thought black eyed peas would of added a more hip hop/r&amp;b/rap groupie. yea no?! someone thats been in the underground rap scene for long while. yet they got stacie from wild orchid...okay...jes thought yal should know that..but dont get me wrong..im not sayin its a bad thing..
B000096IBI|5.0|I love old movies and own several Criterion Collection DVDs from the 1930s, but in terms of picture quality, none compare with the new Chaplin Collection restoration of &quot;Modern Times&quot; (1936).  The restoration looks pristine, with no graininess whatsoever and only the very occasional artifact.  They even have a remastered Dolby 5.1 soundtrack.  My only complaints about the first disc: no audio commentary to accompany the film, and more than five minutes of warnings from FBI, Interpol, etc. in every language.  I didn't sit all the way through, but my &quot;Forward&quot;, &quot;Next&quot; and &quot;Menu&quot; buttons were disabled.  I had to hit &quot;Stop&quot; then &quot;Play&quot; again to get back to the main menu.<br />The second disc has an introduction by biographer David Robinson documentary, in which Robinson explains that Chaplin was very concerned with and educated about economics and the role of industry in causing the Great Depression.  His ideas became the driving force behind &quot;Modern Times&quot;.<br />The documentary features a commentary by two French directors.  I didn't find it particularly insightful.  However, there is also footage of Chaplin (without his Tramp costume) with Gandhi and talking to a camera.  Though brief, it gave me my first look at Chaplin the man (I had only seen him as the Tramp).<br />Overall, an excellent work, and highly recommended.  Oh yeah, the film's good too.
B000084T18|1.0|Okay, it's not my &quot;birfday&quot; [and furthermore, I believe the word is BIRTHDAY]... If I hear that stupid, pointless &quot;In Da Club&quot; Song ONE MORE TIME, I'm going to rip my friggen radio out of the wall.  What is a wanksta?  Can anyone tell me that?  I like rap, don't get me wrong... Tupac is a genius.  But this... wow.  I can't even describe how absolutely horrible this is.  Just...find something else.  ANYTHING else.  Celine Dion would be a better investment... now do you see how bad it is?
B00005YW4H|5.0|The entire CD is a sensual listening experience. Picture yourself relaxing, with your feet propped up, not a care in the world, with an easy breeze caressing you. That's how this music makes me feel. Norah Jones is an expert in vocal presentation. She shows us what she's got without blowing her stack (unlike some well-known female vocalists). My personal favorite is One Flight Down; it creates a longing and then artfully satisfies. Sheer perfection!
B00005JLT5|3.0|The Pianist shows the cruelty, the inhuman treatment of the Warsaw Jews by the Nazis during World War II. It delivers what it promises -- the story of a Jewish refugee, forced into hiding as the Nazis methodically isolate and exterminate the Jewish population.  The main problem with this film is that, like car chases and graphic violence, the subject has been revisited so often that very few movies break any new ground. We see the refugee, Wladyslaw Szpilman, reduced from cavalier indifference to a desparate effort to survive. A number of people help him, feed him, hide him, including a German officer. Alas, he seems focused only on saving his own skin. We watch with him as Jewish partisans fight the Germans in a lopsided match; we see Polish citizens risking their lives to hide Jewish refugees. Unlike \\"Schindler's List\\" or \\"The Garden of the Finzi Contini's\\", there seems to be no message beyond \\"Look what horrible things happened to these people\\" -- not a startling revelation to most movie-goers. The movie is well-made, though a bit long. Be warned, the 'R' is for a little off-color language and a LOT of graphic violence. I didn't see any good reason for the Academy Award nomination other than as a comeback vehicle for Roman Polanski.
B00006879E|5.0|I've been to many of Maroon 5's concerts, even travelling over 5 hours to see them play.  Live, they are electric.  It is hard to capture such a band on a CD, but I think that &quot;Songs About Jane&quot; does an excellent job of doing so.  Once you hear them live, you will go back and listen to the CD, which will be so much better.  This is truly a CD that you can listen to without skipping songs.  Songs 1-12 are all different and awesome in their own ways.  Buy it now, and put it into your CD player as soon as possible.
B00005JM1F|5.0|hysterical film that combines good writing with enthusiastic actors that really seem to love playing the roles. Their talent with such an amusing script translates to an absolute riot of a film.<br />Lots of laughs in this one. A Mighty Wind and Old School are two of the funniest I've seen in a while!<br />Buy it and make sure to watch all the outtakes.
B0000065O1|5.0|This is really the best workout I've ever had!  I even have backup copies! I also love her Shape Your Body workout! I feel challenged and motivated.  This workout is so fun I'm almost sad when it's over.  I have over 80 workout videos and Cindy's have always been my favorite.  Cindy is very down to earth and you really feel worked the next day.  You will be sore after doing this workout.  Very effective and not boring at all.  Cindy was way ahead of her time when she made her workout videos.  The music and scenery are BEAUTIFUL!  The excercises are very effective.  I would love for all her workouts to come out on DVD!!  They're out on DVD in Europe, but hopefully an English version will come out soon!
B00008PW3Q|1.0|I used to be a Fleetwood Mac fan, but these songs sounds computer-generated and nonmusical. Why anyone would purposefully listen to this is beyond me.
B00006JDVV|5.0|Perfect, everyone disses reign of fire over something. Nothing is ever good enough, well listen up.<br />The movie is about these dragons, laying waste to the world. They breed, and kill the humans. Eventually the dragons die off from hunger, and the humans rebuild, and it starts over. What really gets me is how noone feels like putting in the good word for the movie except a few people. Story rocks, its cool with dragons, knowing this is the best dragon movie out there probably. The characters are done perfectly, and you don't end up hateing them because they are not whiners.<br />The action heats up with the first dragon you get to see attack the humans. Scary isn't he? All the dragons are done perfectly, they look real, and look like they would rip your face off. One dragon could take out 20 people easily. Then theres the movie itself. Is it good, does it end well, is there a stupid love story? The answers to your questions, is yes. It is a good movie, action mixed with some talking. It ends great, seems a fitting spot to end and not capitalize for a sequel like so many movies try to do now. The love story is extremely small, they hardly talk about it or try to get involved with it, but its there. I would reccomend this dvd to everyone.<br />The sound is perfect. DTS sound is like \\"JEEZ MAN\\". yes, the dts really adds to those scary dragons. They wanted to beef up the dvd, and this was the perfect way to do it. The extras are alright, who really cares about them though. Anyways, go see the movie. They kill some dragons. Also, Pip is a good character, even though he doesn't seem like it at first.
B000002JOH|5.0|Although I personally like Cowboys From Hell better, and Far Beyond Driven is heavier overall, Vulgar Display Of Power remains Pantera's greatest achievement. Influential, technical, catchy, heavy, and to a degree, intelligent. <br />Phil Anselmo, at one time, did write great lyrics. He covered everything: decay of society, racism, war, peace, self-respect, self-loathing, love, loss of a friend, anger towards parents, hatred, everything. &quot;Hostile,&quot; for instance, is a song dealing with teen angst. However, there's no KoRny sludge here. It's a fast-paced romper-stomper that sounds more like an adolescent furiously making a point rather than a 12-year-old whining about not getting a dirt bike for Christmas. Phil's vocal range is good, too. He is mostly using the 'tough-guy' voice, occasionally singing with that amazing choirboy voice of his, and no longer screeching like Plant or Halford. The Abbott brothers, Diamond Darrell and Vinnie Paul, are amazing as usual. Dime's probably one of the best metal guitarists. His solos are never messy, always precise. Vinnie is pretty much the same. Insane double bass. It's not always fast, but precise. The foot-rhythms are nothing compared to the crushing groove of the hi-hat and snare, or the crazy fills. They're both great. Rex Brown fills in nicely with bass. Funky, groovy, and going just as fast as Vinnie and Dime. Truly the stuff of legend. <br />&quot;Mouth For War&quot; took this album to the top of the pop charts, with its barreling main riff and the unforgettable opening line--&quot;Revenge! I'm screaming revenge again!&quot; &quot;Walk&quot; is a simple, anthemic, Texas-styled metal song, with a great chorus, and even better solo. &quot;Hostile&quot; is a pile driver, &quot;Rise&quot; even faster, with a great riff later stolen by Helmet. &quot;No Good,&quot; &quot;Live In A Hole,&quot; and &quot;Regular People&quot; aren't as spectacular, but aren't quite filler, &quot;No Good&quot; being the best with its rapped verses. &quot;By Demons Be Driven&quot; is a heavy death-metal-esque tune with a killer chorus. &quot;Hollow&quot; is the epic closer, with wonderfully sung verses and a surprise heavy riff-filled ending. <br />&quot;New Level&quot; and &quot;This Love&quot; are good songs. I rarely listen to them, although the former is heavy as hell and the latter a great semi-ballad. <br />A great album. I like CFH better because of the Texas influences, but this is better than FBD and Reinventing The Steel. However... <br />I will never forget being twelve years old and seeing this album for the first time, with the brutal cover, ominous PA sticker, and insane song titles. What got me the most was the picture on the back. Four guys who LOOKED metal. Who WERE metal. I remember seeing that picture and saying to myself, &quot;Now those guys, they're COOL.&quot; <br />I tip my ten-gallon hat to the boys in Pantera for helping to shape one little boy's life...probably for the better.
B00005JKZV|5.0|Of course I will buy this on DVD... Actually I already have the Two Towers on video, and it's in DVD format/quality. Well it's not a DVD but close, but it's still DVD Quality... heh heh... Yep Super High Dolby Stereo Sound, and crisp crystal clear picture. I have had this on video since the day it came out in the theaters, last Christmas. But since I am one of the biggest Tolkien fans around I will buy this and the Extended Edition Gift Set just like I did with the Fellowship and I'll do the same when Return of the King comes out in August 2004 (and Extended Edition in November 2004). What more can be said about this grand epic that hasn't already been said. It's better then the new Star Wars films and has already in many ways destroyed the stereotype that Star Wars was the best film trilogy/saga/movie ever created.<br />Long Live Tolkien!
B000001I0K|4.0|The Cramps' second release, 1981's \\"Psychedelic Jungle,\\" is a logical continuation from the band's debut \\"Songs the Lord Taught Us.\\" Even though this album is a little more tuneful and refined than its<BR>predecessor, \\"Psychedelic\\" prooves that the Cramps have not lost their audio display of rawness and distortion. What makes this CD quite interesting is that it succeeded in capturing the group's state of mind. The music appears to originate from a 24-hour indulgence of mushroom caps and LSD; upon pressing the play button, one can almost see an array of brightly colored shapes, twisting and dancing around in mid-air. A majority of the tracks on here are much slower in pace than in \\"Songs the Lord Taught Us,\\" as if the group's members are taking their underground success in stride; the guitar rhythms of Poison Ivy and Congo Powers seem to slither side to side, like a rattlesnake creeping across the asphalt pavement. In one Cramps classic \\"Goo Goo Muck,\\" the lead guitar melody is lurking around dark corners in an alleyway, committing the act of espionage. The simplistic \\"Don't Eat Stuff Off the Sidewalk\\" is as drugged out as it gets; the beating drums provide a hot, dry setting for a Native American pow-wow, while both lead guitars vibrate and twinge in an agitated harmony. Yet another good song is \\"Voodoo Idol,\\" a rhythm & blues-like tune situated upon an unnamed tropical island. And of course frontman Lux Interior is as bizzare as enticing as before; he can croon his vocals as much as he can growl or caw like a jungle beast. Most of the tracks' lyrics amalgamate 1960's surf culture, island tribes, cannibalism, phone sex, prehistoric cavemen, and the pride of being a modern-day Bohemian.<BR>The reason why I chose to rate \\"Psychedelic Jungle\\" 4 stars is for 2 reasons: some of the early material seems to have been scribbled down in less than 5 minutes, so the lyrics are not as cleverly crafted here as they would be on later Cramps records. Also, the rhythmic tempos inmost of the tracks are TOO SIMILAR to one another, so a listener CAN get bored after a short while. \\"Psychedelic\\" is far too slow in some sections, and in my opinion, it doesn't seem to keep up the pace the way \\"Songs the Lord Taught Us\\" had. Maybe this is the reason why the band chose to assemble new, original recordings every 2 to 3 years.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|Having heard the tantalizing music in the movie there was no doubt in my mind that the soundtrack would be much enjoyed. Klaus Badelt deals very well with the whole score and it fits on a grandiose scale with the movie, exploring the rousing feeling the sea can awaken. It is a pity that the whole soundtrack runs a mere 44 minutes. From the first number to the last there is not one piece that does not contain within itself a passage that soars all on its own. It has the feel of the first Lord of the Rings score.<br />1. Fog Bound - The violin frolics in the beginning then transforms into an entirely foreboding tune and quite jarring, fitting perfectly into the very first scene of the movie with the uncertainty and subtle fear.<br />2. The Medallion Calls - Perfect introduction for a perfectly eccentric character. The music swells triumphantly and happily turning aside to mourn until rising again to display the whole glory of a very strange but befitting entrance.<br />3. The Black Pearl - The beginning is shadowy and suspicious rising into the theme of the daring escape from the hands of the Commodore. Uplifting and happily mocking to only turn foreboding once again.<br />4. Will and Elizabeth - Starts off with the same theme heard in the previous number it tracks our hero through the streets and, I believe, is witness to the extensive swordfight in the smithy. It turns desperate before dissolving.<br />5. Swords Crossed - Going from jarring to a fearful creep the music accompanies our first look at the cursed crew. The theme is repeated in other pieces where we come across the pirates.<br />6. Walk The Plank - Soft and deceptive, it makes a surprise turn for the violin and the theme of Jack's strange antics.<br />7. Barbossa is Hungry - It makes one think of the ship upon the sea, rising and falling with the waves. The music booms and thumps energetically, completing the feel of a chase. This is a great highlight to the score.<br />8. Blood Ritual - A slow start that reels and cavorts as the piece progresses, building on the previous number, urgent and beseeching. Continuing with elements of the theme of Jack's strange antics and transforming into the heroic theme, fully developed in the final number.<br />9. Moonlight Serenade - Courting as the title would suggest but mid step turns jubilant and adventurous.<br />10. To The Pirates' Cave! - The pirates' theme returns, jarring and discordant, with artificial sound effects added to make for a stranger mix for a befitting strange company. Tribal drums turn into the frequently recurring heroic theme only to fade away to tranquility.<br />11. Skulls and Crossbones - Violent and urgent from the beginning, falling back into the sea and heroic themes, high and steadily rousing the spirits.<br />12. Bootstraps' Bootstraps - Sinister and lacking real coherency at first, it breaks out into an excellent variation and while still keeping its disturbing hints it rolls with a relish and a bang. One can see it swagger. The heroic theme makes another break for it.<br />13. Underwater March - A melancholy beginning suitable for a funeral, pulling at the heartstrings, then slowly rising into a cadence of hope, making one think this a tame piece. It veers unexpectedly to a forceful, thumping beat as the horrors stalk across the sea floor.<br />14. One Last Shot - Calm at first, melding into the playful violin, until finally falling into the all out jaunty tune. There's longing and finality put across by the calming music, building upon itself to end in a promise of more adventure and the limitless soaring of spirit.<br />15. He's a Pirate - Heard in a few previous pieces the heroic theme breaks across perfectly. The whole orchestra contributing to the weaving and exultant end.<br />Overall it is a worthy buy.
0880389052|5.0|Yea its pretty good. I read the cleric quintet a while ago, favorite series of all time. Im not a big guy on reading, but this has been the only book ive ever pulled off an all-nighter on. Drizzt is pretty cool. He isn't the regular old, &quot;Hero with a big sword vanquishes evil in order to free his land because he is the chosen one&quot;. Drizzt is more like a guy who doesn't like whats around him, so he just leaves and lets them fight their own battle.<br />Drizzt doesn't try to be the prophecy child of all time, hes just a guy. He fights, and has different feelings about how the drow treat each other. He knows he can't change everyone by slaying the ultimate evil, so drizzt just trys to get by. He is pretty cool though. Doesn't take punishments when hes older. Stands up for himself. Even curses out the spider queen lloth, or whatever her name is. I dont know, he is like a good hero that doesn't try to hard, thats why hes likeable.<br />The story revolves around him growing up. He is by far the greatest fighter of all the drow, even wins some tournaments. Id have to say the best win he ever got was the second melee-magthere he was in, it was cool. The problem though, description. I don't know what any of the characters look like. The cover looks like an old dude, zak I think, but on the second book theres like the same dude, so I think its drizzt, but he looks old. I only know drizzt has purple eyes, nothing about his physique or hair or anything. None of the characters seemed to be described except by personality. &quot;Briza was a strong woman&quot;, thats great but I don't even know how I could classify what she looks like by that. The environment after a while became clear to me. However, what does drizzt actually look like, or dinin, or anyone else.<br />As far as reading goes, sped through it in a day, not usual for me. I liked it, good read, didn't slow down too much. It keeps you there, it doesn't say, &quot;Now lets proceed into a long speech about drownessness&quot;. It keeps fighting well spaced between talking. I don't know how I can describe it anymore. If u like fantasy and have a good imagination, you can get into this book pretty well id say.nessness&quot;. It keeps fighting well spaced between talking. I don't know how I can describe it anymore. If u like fantasy and have a good imagination, you can get into this book pretty well id say.
0385504209|4.0|A fast-paced thriller you will be unable to put down!! A brilliant combination of actual history and true biography of the Master painter himself combined with a mystery with a surprise at the end-nice fast reading for a day (as that is all you will need) at the beach! Not a true work of heavy duty literature and at times reads like a Sydney Sheldon novel; nonetheless keeps you at the end of your seat till the last page. A great summer thriller!
B00005JLZN|1.0|...<br />Despite its pretensions,  The Life Of David Gale is little more than a R rated version of the sort of schlock that frequently appears on the Lifetime network. Instead of Aidan Quinn, Mary Stewart Masterson and Holly Hunter we get \\"bigger\\" names in the form of Spacey, Kate Winslet and Laura Linney.<br />Unfortunately Winslet (whose had difficulty finding anything worthwhile to appear in since Titanic) spends much of the films duration struggling with an unflattering American accent. Spacey does that \\"unhinged\\" thing he's now spent a decade doing and Linney appears to be doing an impersonation of Holly Hunter.<br />Not a terrible film, just a film that appears to be a little too taken with how important it thinks it is.<br />Oh, and the ending (like Pay It Forward) has to be seen to be believed.
B000089RVX|3.0|Like many listeners, I was hooked by the tracks gaining heavy music TV rotation (&quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; and &quot;Going Under&quot;) and picked up the CD with great expectations.  However, after several listenings, I find that the music wears thin after time - in my case, one week.  Perhaps it is due the basic musical arrangements.  I am a very basuc In my own humble opinion, Amy Lee's voice is light years ahead of the rest of the band in terms of range and emotion.  In some ways, several of the songs sound like some of the B-Sides from Linkin Park.  Beef up the guitars a bit with some additional fretboard prowess, either ditch the keyboards or improve the texture, and you will have a &quot;4 star&quot; album in my book.  Then again, I am not a music critic, go get the CD and judge for yourself.
0345457684|3.0|Dark and dark - however without anything redeeming I could find. Dick's dark novels had a point. They had something to say. What does this book have to say? It's just dark for the sake of darkness and action. A big \\"So what?\\" by the time the end came. Yeah, yeah, enhanced bodies, ridiculous fight scenes, cliff hangers, blah, blah. <br />But lordy, the darkest thing in the book is the technology at the center that creates \\"immortality\\"! It's utterly dark, and it's a throwaway gee-whiz thing in this book. Excuse me? A magic supercomputer recording device that takes over one's body and brain is like, totally wow, dude? A living death at the command of some artifact computer thingy in your head is just cool/hip/wowza story foundation, and let's ignore it as a given?<br />The deepest this book gets is to envision scenarios for people splitting into more than one. That's original, but without getting into whether the \\"person\\" is a person at all? Hewwo? Earth to author. You have something BIG there. Hewwo? Maybe you could, like, explore the BIG thing? <br />So why give the book 3 stars? Because it's very well written and his first book. The technology, aside from the magic that makes this miniature thingamajig possible hangs together. If the author can develop some depth as well as humanity in his soul he could be great. As it stands, the book has all the depth and thoughtfulness of a TV action drama.
0783229526|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing. For one thing, the imagery is astonishing. The vivid language of an amazingly intelligent journalist played out through the eyes of a director capable of creating brazil is a wonderful combination. Secondly, the characters are spot on. Johnny Depp spent several months with Hunter S. Thompson to learn his mannerisms and speech patterns, and did it extremely well. But also, the lesser noticed part is the messages. You do not just follow two members of drug culture on adventures, you see the establishments stance, one that has since been declared unjust from the eyes of the man carrying the briefcase full of narcotics. But simply, this movie is just a twisted sort of fun. If nothing else, the adrenicol scene makes it worth renting, but the entire film makes it worth purchasing and will warrant at least several viewings to get all the imagery and cameos (Hunter Thompson at the bar for one). Buy it!
B000092ZYX|5.0|yes...this is easily the best record in 7 years(since Ok comp)...It is Absolutely Breath taking...this I'm able to say after atleast 50 hearings....Radiohead have matured So much since the days of the bends....Do I dare say that they are the greatest band ever!!!cmon even floyd were'nt capable of coming up with masterpieces like &quot;paranoid android&quot;...(the greatest song ever written)...the pick of this album is &quot;there there&quot;...and then there's also 'sail to the moon&quot;....the whole thing is just so sureal....he's so damn desparate through the album...yes its radioheads 2nd best...
B000002IZ4|5.0|This album blows my mind every time I hear it... some of the best rock and roll I've ever heard.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Yes, I agree.  From the opening track, Follow Through, to the funky Chemical Party, Gavin's debut album is a powerful collection of songs that speak from the heart.  His sound is soulful, the band is first rate, and the lyrics hit home with those searching for meaningful relationships and something to believe in.  I'm looking forward to the next collection.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|For me, music in a movie is very important...it tells the story as well...it sets the mood. Movies like &quot;Pirates&quot; is one that is already is a good story, but the music just makes you feel it ten times more. I thought Howard Shore was the only one that could move me with the music in cinema, but Klaus Badelt is just as good...this is a good album to listen to and watch the movie in your head, when you can't go to the theater and see it with your eyes.
0140187537|5.0|Winter of Our Discontent was quite typical of Steinbeck's writing.  It was rather descriptive and tried to dissect the human psyche.  This particular book studied the effects of compromising one's morals.  It was pretty good and definitely worth reading, especially for any Steinbeck obsessors (like me hehe).  For those who want to get a feel of Steinbeck's writing, but don't feel like investing enough time to read Grapes of Wrath, this would work as a decent substitute.
0385334206|4.0|Breakfast of Champions is a gift Vonnegut gave to himself, granting him power over his characters and the ability to spit out some of his views by way of ultra-analysis. Vonnegut's style is dripping throughout the pages, an irreverant showcase of wit and perspective.<BR>Some of the work IS dated, but the clever viewpoints and wit still remains. His style of explaining things, such as fried chicken, completely and honestly, is amazingly addictive. If this novel were better editted (with Vonnegut's style, some things fail) it would earn from me that fifth star.<br />Better than Slaughterhouse-Five in my oppinion. Read it!
0385504209|4.0|I was a bit weary about reading this book considering it's subject matter... Dan Brown makes this an easy, thoroughly enjoyable book, short chapters, fast action, and multiple intersecting plot lines keep you reading more to see what happens. Good for those of us with short attention spans... As for content. The books premise is interesting. The &quot;blood line of Jesus&quot; and the extent that the Church would go to keep that hidden from it's followers is plausible if Jesus had progeny... Cheers!
B00005ATQE|4.0|The only reason I enjoyed this film was based on the horrifying bootcamp led by R. Lee Ermey, or basically the first half. I'm surprised that Lee Ermey has never been acknowledged for his acting ability, because he is a truly talent, and can portray other roles besides drill instructor. The second half of this film is very tedious and boring, but I had to give this film four stars just because of Lee Ermey's memorable performance.
B00005OAIE|5.0|This album is so refreshing and good! Don't ya hate it when u buy an album and skip over like 3 songs??? Well on this one you won't. I can honestly tell you that I like every song on this album. I love his voice and hes so sincere and sweet in every song. My fav. are Your body is a wonderland, back to you, not myself,city love,3x5, and my stupid mouth. i know every word to all his songs. It's been in my cd player for about a year now, i play it almost every day. This is a must have!!!!
0380729407|3.0|Something Wicked This Way Comes, not bad for a horror novel.  im usually not into horror, but all in all it wasnt bad.  the storyline was pretty original, and the writing itself was not bradbury's best, but still decent.  The plot follows the escapades of two best friends, one being mischivious and curious, the other quiet and shy.  Their simple life becomes greatly twisted, and I mean twisted, when a Halloween carnival arrives.  An illustrated man, a blind fortune telling witch, and a dwarf are just the beginnings of trouble.  oh, and there is the carousel that can change your age instantly.
B00005JLXE|4.0|Colin Farrell and Jeniffer Garner make this movie immensley better, Ben Affleck does not. In fact, I'm not sure why he took this role, he obviously coulnd't do it. He was believable as this low key lawyer who was 'helpless' and blind going after this high profile high maintanence bigger than he is girl, but not as this cool leather wearing avenging super hero. Whatever I'm buying it anyway
B00005KHJR|1.0|I understand that by submitting this review, I'm only asking to be bombarded by the ire of those that would say I have no taste--but I simply could not, in good conscience, allow another unsuspecting viewer to fall victim to the shockingly inaccurate word of mouth this movie has received over the years.<br />Words like &quot;brilliant&quot; and &quot;terrifying&quot; have been thrown around. Phrases like &quot;greatest motion picture of all time&quot; abound. And I'm honestly hard-pressed to understand why. It's not like I have some bizarre or twisted perspective on what's good and what's not. I like to think that I have relatively decent taste in movies, but if &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; is the barometer by which all taste (good or bad) will be judged, then let me be found guilty of the latter.<br />It's not that I'm a member of the shameless and all-too prevalent &quot;instant gratification&quot; club. I enjoy a storyline that takes its time and draws you in, unfolds before you. But the instant I'm confronted with ridiculous musical numbers, I'm a goner.<br />&quot;The Wicker Man&quot; nearly lost me in the first fifteen minutes as the strains of celtic folk gave way to a lousy lip-synching act from a naked, gyrating Britt Ekland. Now, please understand that I'm no prude (and if you knew me well you'd know what an understatement that is). And the sight of the aforementioned Miss Ekland hopping around her bedroom like a nymphomaniac set loose in a brothel would most likely have instilled in me a sophomoric glee if the motion picture I set out to watch was, in fact, a musical--or a Burlesque flick. But as a rule I disdain choreographed dance sequences in my horror movies. Call me picky, but it just doesn't set the mood right.<br />Which brings me to the final complaint I will allow myself this day on &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; (for I fear I've spent too much time opining on something that I'd just as soon forget all about). According to everything I have read, thiswas director Robin Hardy's directorial debut, and it shows in his inability to establish atmosphere, and in his obvious lack of understanding that one of the most useful tools in creating atmosphere is the use of music. Sure, celtic folk sounds right at home in the Scottish isles but if you're shooting for anything above a dated travel guide, it might be a good idea to invest in a soundtrack.<br />All in all, and for all the wonderful things I have heard about this movie through the years, &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; was just about the most disappointing and frustratingly BAD movie I have seen in years. And I warn anyone who isn't quite sure what to expect to take these words into consideration before spending an hour and a half of precious time finding out for themselves.
B000066NW0|1.0|I'm not even sure what to say, Growing up in the punk era and being around punks and skaters almost all of my life I look at her and I just can't believe that she would claim such things, I would love to see her actually try to hang with punks and skaters then watch them beat her ***, She couldn't survive in the punk culture if she had security around her 24/7.<BR>I'm just more shocked that she makes these statements and doesn't expect any comments on them from the people who have to look at her with disgust.<BR>Avril, I think that you were better off Bible thumpin with your country music, You need to go back to your hole and leave real punk music to real punks.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22- saddening, thought provoking, hope inspiring, and really rather good.  no, not everyone dies, even though it starts to appear that way.  i dont usually care for war related things that often, but this was worth reading.  It takes a humorous and cynical approach the pointlessness of trying to escape war and the headaches it can cause.  Catch-22 is the ultimate devil in this book and it consistantly pops up.  The story follows one man and his struggles to survive in an insane and hopeless world.  Add in a bunch of pilots begging to get home, a doctor who is technically dead, and a mess seargent who uses logic that surpasses everyone else's minds, and you have one motley crew.  A book of laughs, tears, puzzlement, and thinking, Catch-22 is a book worth reading.
B00003CXI1|3.0|I likd this movie. It was a little morbid for little children, but nonetheless. I think it JUST hit the point of the book. It's nice to put a face to a name, but thats really all this film did. Aside from the nice settings, this movie wasn't that great. I also have all the books and the other movie. I'm not like this avid fan of Harry Potter but I just have this thing where if I have a part of a collection, I have to have it all, for my life to be complete.
B00005KHJR|1.0|I understand that by submitting this review, I'm only asking to be bombarded by the ire of those that would say I have no taste--but I simply could not, in good conscience, allow another unsuspecting viewer to fall victim to the shockingly inaccurate word of mouth this movie has received over the years.<br />Words like &quot;brilliant&quot; and &quot;terrifying&quot; have been thrown around. Phrases like &quot;greatest motion picture of all time&quot; abound. And I'm honestly hard-pressed to understand why. It's not like I have some bizarre or twisted perspective on what's good and what's not. I like to think that I have relatively decent taste in movies, but if &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; is the barometer by which all taste (good or bad) will be judged, then let me be found guilty of the latter.<br />It's not that I'm a member of the shameless and all-too prevalent &quot;instant gratification&quot; club. I enjoy a storyline that takes its time and draws you in, unfolds before you. But the instant I'm confronted with ridiculous musical numbers, I'm a goner.<br />&quot;The Wicker Man&quot; nearly lost me in the first fifteen minutes as the strains of celtic folk gave way to a lousy lip-synching act from a naked, gyrating Britt Ekland. Now, please understand that I'm no prude (and if you knew me well you'd know what an understatement that is). And the sight of the aforementioned Miss Ekland hopping around her bedroom like a nymphomaniac set loose in a brothel would most likely have instilled in me a sophomoric glee if the motion picture I set out to watch was, in fact, a musical--or a Burlesque flick. But as a rule I disdain choreographed dance sequences in my horror movies. Call me picky, but it just doesn't set the mood right.<br />Which brings me to the final complaint I will allow myself this day on &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; (for I fear I've spent too much time opining on something that I'd just as soon forget all about). According to everything I have read, this was director Robin Hardy's directorial debut, and it shows in his inability to establish atmosphere, and in his obvious lack of understanding that one of the most useful tools in creating atmosphere is the use of music. Sure, celtic folk sounds right at home in the Scottish isles but if you're shooting for anything above a dated travel guide, it might be a good idea to invest in a soundtrack.<br />All in all, and for all the wonderful things I have heard about this movie through the years, &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; was just about the most disappointing and frustratingly BAD movie I have seen in years. And I warn anyone who isn't quite sure what to expect to take these words into consideration before spending an hour and a half of precious time finding out for themselves.was director Robin Hardy's directorial debut, and it shows in his inability to establish atmosphere, and in his obvious lack of understanding that one of the most useful tools in creating atmosphere is the use of music. Sure, celtic folk sounds right at home in the Scottish isles but if you're shooting for anything above a dated travel guide, it might be a good idea to invest in a soundtrack.<br />All in all, and for all the wonderful things I have heard about this movie through the years, &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; was just about the most disappointing and frustratingly BAD movie I have seen in years. And I warn anyone who isn't quite sure what to expect to take these words into consideration before spending an hour and a half of precious time finding out for themselves.
0792839730|4.0|If you like war movies -- and if you don't, why are you reading this?? -- the real question about \\"Bridge\\" is whether you feel it is a sluggish, overblown, depressing sequel which is doomed-to-remain-in-the-shadow-of-it's-big-brother, \\"The Longest Day\\", or do you think it stands on its own as one of the better WWII movies ever made?<br />I can definetly see the argument against it. It is slow-moving (in spots), not entirely fair to one of its principal characters (General Browning) and lacks much of the humor (even if it was contrived, Hollywood humor) of \\"The Longest Day.\\" It is also undeniably depressing. American audiences were not too keen on a movie which ends with the Allies getting their knickers handed to them by the Germans, even if most of those knickers belonged to the British.<br />Having said that, I believe that \\"Bridge\\" is a great and very under-appreciated flick. The cast, with a couple of exceptions, does a fine job. Both Ryan O'Neil and Gene Hackman are totally miscast (I love Gene Hackman, but his horribly fake Polish accent is just embarrassing), but everyone else delivers with impact, and in this movie, 'everyone else' is a literal statement. Like \\"Longest Day\\" it is a veritable galaxy of stars, from Sean Connery to Robert Redford, Lawrence Olivier to Anthony Hopkins, from Elliot Gould to Edward Fox to Michael Caine to James Caan, playing various Allied leaders. And let's not forget Maximillian Schell and Hardy Krueger as the principal Germans. The battle scenes are impressive, especially the street fighting between the Red Devils and the guys from 9th SS Panzer division on the Arnhem Bridge, and the river crossing effected by the 82nd Airborne to take Nimijgen Bridge (I know I spelled that wrong, sorry, Dutchmen). Some of the fighting is outrageously brutal, such as when the Polish paratroops jump directly into the German guns or when the Germans try to bully their way across Arnhem bridge and get parboiled in their own vehicles, and in this capacity \\"Bridge\\" definetly has it over \\"Day\\" which made combat look like a theme-park amusement ride. It also explores the effect clashing armies have on the civilians who get in the way of the fighting, even those civilians who are supposedly being \\"liberated.\\" The movie's ending reminds me of that quote which was supposedly made in Vietnam by an American officer: \\"We had to destroy the village in order to save it.\\"<br />In a nutshell, \\"Bridge\\" is the story of Field Marshal Montgomery's attempt to bring a sudden end to the European war in the fall of 1944 by crossing the Rhine and taking the Rhur Valley (the \\"Pittsburgh of the Rhine\\"....Germany's industrial heartland) by storm. His idea was to lay down a 'carpet' of paratroopers 75 miles from the Allied lines in Holland to the Rhine River (which forms the German-Dutch border), seize the bridge there at Arnhem, and then roll a big army down the 'carpet' and over the bridge into Adolf's home turf. This would have the effect, if you will allow me to mix my metaphors, of driving a stake right through the Third Reich's Heart. For a man who has been accused of being an overcautious, image-conscious, set-piece commander, 'Operation Market Garden' was an incredibly gutsy plan. But as it turned out, it was also an incredibly risky one.<br />The big problem, pointed out in the movie with droll British wit, is that 'Holland is half underwater' and therefore a pain in the arse to move a modern army across at any speed, much less the breakneck pace perscribed by Monty. The three airborne divisions in question, dropped dozens of miles behind German lines, would have to hold out for days while the army bored through German resistance to link up with them. That was understood. What was less understood was how bad the road system in Holland really was, how unpredictable the fall weather would be, and how hard the Germans would fight once they understood where Monty was going. That, and Murphy's law, which as applied to this film would read: \\"Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong....for the British.\\"<br />Despite this, the plan almost worked. It was doomed by a crucial failure in Allied intelligence, which had failed to pick up on the fact that the Germans had put and entire SS panzer corps in Arnhem to rest and refit. Whoops! The elite British 1st Airborne drops into the city expecting to be met by second-rate rear-echelon troops and ends up fighting two SS panzer divisions instead. As another Brit points out in the film, 'It's hard to stop tanks with rifles and machine guns.' The end result is a sort of Union Jack version of the Alamo, with the gutsy Devils fighting a hopeless battle while waiting in vain for relief that never comes.<br />In fairness to General Browning, who is presented as the villain of the piece, deliberately ignoring and downplaying the risks of the operation and even arranging for one whistle-blowing subordinate to be sacked for blowing his whistle too hard, my understanding from reading Cornelius Ryan's book (from which this movie was made) was that it was Browning who told Montgomery that trying to take Arnhem on top of the Son and Nimijgen spans was going 'a bridge too far' (his words). Montgomery went ahead anyway, and afterwards claimed that the operation was '90% successful', which is like saying that the only difference between a winner and a loser is who had more points when the time ran out. In Arnhem, in September, 1944, time ran out for Montgomery, and it was one of the finest groups of fighting men who ever lived who paid the price.would read: \\"Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong....for the British.\\"<br />Despite this, the plan almost worked. It was doomed by a crucial failure in Allied intelligence, which had failed to pick up on the fact that the Germans had put and entire SS panzer corps in Arnhem to rest and refit. Whoops! The elite British 1st Airborne drops into the city expecting to be met by second-rate rear-echelon troops and ends up fighting two SS panzer divisions instead. As another Brit points out in the film, 'It's hard to stop tanks with rifles and machine guns.' The end result is a sort of Union Jack version of the Alamo, with the gutsy Devils fighting a hopeless battle while waiting in vain for relief that never comes. <br />In fairness to General Browning, who is presented as the villain of the piece, deliberately ignoring and downplaying the risks of the operation and even arranging for one whistle-blowing subordinate to be sacked for blowing his whistle too hard, my understanding from reading Cornelius Ryan's book (from which this movie was made) was that it was Browning who told Montgomery that trying to take Arnhem on top of the Son and Nimijgen spans was going 'a bridge too far' (his words). Montgomery went ahead anyway, and afterwards claimed that the operation was '90% successful', which is like saying that the only difference between a winner and a loser is who had more points when the time ran out. In Arnhem, in September, 1944, time ran out for Montgomery, and it was one of the finest groups of fighting men who ever lived who paid the price.
0142004235|5.0|East of Eden was in no way a dissapointment.  True to Steinbecks' descriptive writing, it once again delved into the human pysche and the root of hatred and evil.  It showed mankind's struggle in where else, but California.  Kind of like a family history, but a decent storyline.  If the beginning seems a tad boring, dont worry the end gets quite good.  The book was greatly fascinating and it kept me hooked to the very end.  The twisting, turning plot line tended to keep me guessing.  Even when I thought I knew Steinbeck's next move, I was quickly fooled.  Very, very depressing, so dont read if youre already down.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|If you've ever dreamed of adventure on the high seas, daring sword fights, cannons fireing, and...undead pirates, this is the exact music that was probably playing in your head.  It is powerful, very powerful, when it needs to be, and changes in tone accordingly.  I have always loved music composed for movies like this, and this is by far, the best I've ever heard. So if you enjoy powerful, energetic music that fills your imagination, you'd love this soundtrack
B00006RU5B|5.0|I've had this playing in my car for 2 weeks straight and cannot get tired of it.  Chris Cornell is definitely back and the combination between ex-ragers and him is a nice blend.  Everyone who buys this album is going to think that this is the &quot;new&quot; rage but it's not.  It's just a talented collection of musicians put together to make a refreshing new album...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|OK. This review is for all you future fans of this show. I say that because this is HANDS DOWN the very best series EVER made. It was cancelled WAY before it's time. The cast of this show have chemistry RIGHT from the first frame. It took star trek YEARS to get that. The stories are 2nd to none. You really care about these people!! There is JUST the right amount of humor and drama to draw you in and never let you go. once you see the world theses guys live in, your going to want to sign up and join the crew. I hope you have 15 hours clear in your day, because once you sit down to watch this show, you wont get up!!      -James
0156027321|3.0|What a marvelous start... but it seems that this novel promises more than it delivers towards the end of the book. However, after the opening which promises to &quot;make us believe in God&quot;, the very central part of the book seems to be bursting with unecessary details and develops way too slowly - perhaps this is done purposely, but it does lack rhythm. The story wouldn't make me believe in God, but Martel's Pi is indeed a very charming character, and the novel is intelligently concepted.
0812931017|5.0|Richard Branson is one of the most brilliant iconoclasts in the industrial age. It appears he will not have any difficulty converging his sheer tenacity and skill into the final chapters of globalization. Richard Branson is regulated by his own set of rules. Institutions were forced to recognize him as a serious contender. Even today, he uses incredible charisma and vision to strike in the United States and Australia. The CEO at Quantas ridiculed Richard Branson as a circus act. His critics should be more thoughtful as they are now seen as the laughing stock.<br />Throughout the next century, questions will be asked whether Richard Branson made the world a better and happier place. The answer is a resounding and unequivocable, YES. He has the will and the capacity to do whatever his heart desires. That ability is nerve-racking since he wipes out competitors, large and small, that have spent decades refining their products and services. These companies are led by people who are suppose to be the best trained pedigree in the world!<br />Let us not confuse skill and luck. Rather, let's compare Sir Richard to Genghis Khan. Along with their music, they 'danced the beat' about sex and power and didn't mind saying so. Still, it is both shocking and refreshing to read about Sir Richard's exploits growing up. How he languished as a child but created the will to challenge the world is stunning! He has an uncanny sense of timing and strategies for masterfully positioning himself.<br />Many times, Sir Richard was extremely reckless in pursuit of his dreams. In most situations, his unconventional wisdom prevailed but his male psyche was triggered by conquest and conquer, regardless of the cost. Oh please, he could be vicious so stop pretending. My simple advice, along with others who care for his success and health, is to kiss more babies, flatter your allies and increase the share of bounty. Govern by consent (you certainly have an incredible ability to select great managers that love you) and balance your impulses.<br />Whether he has the desire and the ambition to leave us his legacy will be forthcoming and, hopefully, explained in his second biography. I have watched Richard Branson through the years. In a wicked sense, I can understand why the Czars of Russia and other leaders got rid of their advisors. After a while, leaders become isolated. I know this because as a huge dreamer on a smaller scaler, it has become impossible to contact him to do business.at love you) and balance your impulses.<br />Whether he has the desire and the ambition to leave us his legacy will be forthcoming and, hopefully, explained in his second biography. I have watched Richard Branson through the years. In a wicked sense, I can understand why the Czars of Russia and other leaders got rid of their advisors. After a while, leaders become isolated. I know this because as a huge dreamer on a smaller scaler, it has become impossible to contact him to do business.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I think this is just a glipse into what is going to become of the older Chirstina Aguilera, this makes me look at her talent in a diffrent light, This is one of the best cd's I've heard in awhile, and some of her songs just gave me chills. I wasn't much of a fan to Christina, but now I give her credit, their will deff. be more to come from her! Get the CD
B00005JKN9|1.0|This was an ambition attempt but the end result falls far short of it's goal. You would be best served by passing on this DVD.<br />I cannot recommend viewing this DVD, much less actually buying it. There was a reason this movie release was held up for so long. It is simply that bad.<br />Martin Scorsese attempts to show how immigrants arrived to the American shore dirty, unwelcomed, almost tribally barbaric, barely christianized and facing hostilities from earlier waves of settlers. Rival gang warfare eventually giving way to the Irish cronyism ward politics of cities like New York and Boston. I am not bashing the theme nor the intent. Simply Scorsese does not pull it all together. This is a very broad story whose actual time line spanned 30 to 40 years with a cast of millions.<br />The plot line of revenge of a father's death is tired and cannot carry the movie or it's theme. The sub-plot love triangle between Cameron Diaz, Leonardo DiCarpio, and Daniel Day Lewis is merely superfluous. The Gangs of New York is an excellent premise and setting. However, the characters and story he chose to convey this broad picture of history is a disservice to the millions of immigrants who fled Europe out of hope, repression and famine. The best performance and moment of the film belong to Liam Neeson. After that remain 2 hours plus of film lacking cohesion.
B000067DNC|5.0|This second season gives the viewer more insight into the SGC, and the characters as well. We get to see more of some of the races that were introduced in the first season, such as the Nox, and the Asgard, and even the Tok'ra, the latter two races being sworn enemies of the evil Goa'uld, although they fight them in different ways. The Tok'ra do their thing in secret while the Asgard fight openly in huge battleships, which by the way are really COOL to look at.<br />My personal favorite episodes of the season are Thor's Chariot and The Fifth Race, both epsisodes dealing with the Asgard. I like the Asgard because we learned that the aliens picked up at Roswell NM in the 40's were Asgard. Cool, huh?<br />This season could be a stand-alone, meaning, even if you don't own any of the other season dvds, you could pick this one up and understand what's going on, and enjoy the new material. Many of the episodes have moral messages. In one episode in particular, the message is 'Don't judge a book by it's cover', just as an example.<br />I enjoy TV that has a message. It makes me feel like the time I've spent in front of the tube has gotten me something tangible for my time.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Ok I think that the CD is good But it's lame that you can not play it on your computer.
B00008R9KF|4.0|Reading the names of lists that \\"My Beautiful Laundrette\\" is listed on it struck me how everyone notices this movie because it has 2 gay characters... Most of the titles were something like \\"Must-own gay movies\\" \\"Good starts to your [gay] movie collection\\"....<BR>     By making \\"MBL\\" into purely a \\"gay\\" movie, these people take all the complexities of the movie that goes beyond the sexualities of the characters. There are so many themes within \\"MBL\\": 1980's London, the social friction and racism, the failling economy, the corrupt business practices, the consequences of Pakistanis (or any immigrants I suppose) trying to either become British or keep their heritage.....<BR>    This movie isnt a chronicle of Johnny and Omar's relationship. Their relationship is merely one thread in the movie. The characters within this movie can't be labeled into general groups so the actual movie thatt contains them should be seen same way. Lay off the generalizations and just enjoy the show....
B00005O3VC|5.0|Because it's mine. Not just kidding. Get away.<br />If you'll grab it and run, I'll mount my Russian llama and catch you at once. Beware.<br />By the way: there will be new 4-DVD Special edition soon, with new final titles and final score. Those titles will be 130 minutes longer and will be placed on 3 additional DVDs. And a gift - genuine Holy Grail in every box. Flattened a little. Enjoy. <br />And don't say anybody. Top secret. <br />Still here?
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I saw the movie the other night and knew I had to get the soundtrack. It is excellent... The movie would be nothing without the exhilarating music to go with!<br />If you liked the movie and you like good music, you will love this... buy it!
B00006LLNU|4.0|I was led to Sigur Ros by way of Mum.  Several reviewers seemed to put the two groups in the same category, but I don't see it.  Sigur Ros is much darker and simply more majestic.  Sigur Ros' music seems much more influenced by what I imagine Iceland to be environmentally.  The music builds and swells to a point where you think it can't get any bigger...and it does, quietly.  Can't understand a word the singer is saying, but much like early REM, it really doesn't matter.  His voice is more instrument than anything else.<br />This band's work is impressive.  I will definitely check out their other discs.
B00005JLZN|4.0|Although this was hardly a perfect movie, it did have plenty of suspense and intrigue and felt that it was a good thriller. Kevin Spacey plays a professor who is charged with the murder of a fellow colleague. The irony is that both he and the victim were activists against the death penalty. On death row for the murder, he sets up an interview by a reporter (Kate Hudson) for three days before the execution. When the interview is conducted, the reporter begins to have doubts about the guiltiness of David Gale. She then is in a race against time to try to prove what happened to Constance, his friend at the university. <br />Common to popular belief, I don't think this movie was predictable. There are certainly many twists thrown in, and we expect these, but there seems to be a mystery surrounding other characters in the events leading up to her death. One of puzzling characters is Constance's friend, who is also a member of Death Watch (the name of the activist group against the death penalty). He seems to have a mysterious air about him and it is up to Bitsey (Winslet) and her assistant to uncover the truth of the murder and his role in it. <br /> Although there were many arguments, both for and against the death penalty, in the film, we should understand that this was part of the premise of the movie. These were included to show exactly who these characters were. This movie seems to be controversial in nature because of this, but I think that the story of Gale and the mysterious death of his friend Constance is the bigger mystery. <br />An irking aspect of the film was the \\"subliminal\\" flashcards of themes, ideas and emotions that continually surfaced on the screen each time a big scene finished. It seemed to say that we, as an audience, we incapable of figuring out exactly how the characters should be feeling at that point in the movie. For instance, the film projects flashcards on the screen with words like \\"emotion\\", \\"isolation\\", \\"sadness\\", \\"despair\\", \\"guilt\\", after a sad scene. Words such as \\"evil\\", \\"hate\\", and \\"ignorance\\" would surface on a scene where one might feel anger. <br />There were several far-fetched proponents of the film. For instance, Kate Hudson turning into a detective and piecing together every minute deal of information in a span of 72 hours a la Sherlock Holmes is a bit reaching. We have certainly seen the \\"race against time\\" theme before, although this film should be credited for at least making an attempt to steer clear of stereotyped characters. The twists certainly were effective in adding an aura of suspense, although some of the events that lead up to the final resolution are a little unbelievable. <br />Still, I think this movie did its job as a thriller. Kate Winslet is convincing as a reporter who is swayed and cannot help but feel compassion for David Gale. Kevin Spacey fits David Gale perfectly. There are enough mysteries and clues to keep you going.
0780622553|5.0|Common thing with the DARK CITY - reviewers often consider movie's end as \\"happy-endish\\".<br />Let's get a point. The City was liberated from the aliens. Yes. But what John Murdoch, the new \\"tuner\\", do with the reality? He builds new illusion. Not he restores his past - but creates the past he whats it to be... The new fake. For Anna/Emma. For himself. For all other people of the City.<br />Poor hero, he killed Dragon only to become Dragon himself.<br />Of course, he was ought to. But was it a HAPPY end, I wonder?<br />Great movie.
0767802470|5.0|I don't know where it comes from but, I'm 23 year old female who enjoys a great war movie.  &quot;Das Boot&quot; happens to be one of my all time favorites.  The intensity of the movie completely grabs you.  You can almost feel the claustrophobia of the tightly cramped men in their vessel.  The score to the movie is fantastic.  It gives you an adrenaline rush that helps to give you a feel of almost being apart of the movie. A movie I can truely recommend when you have the time to sit down and not be interrupted by anyone or anything.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|What can I say about Gavin DeGraw's new CD, \\"Chariot\\" right now? It is amazing. In this record you can tell that Gavin is not just another manufactured musician, but that he pours his soul into everything he does. His vocal talent is amazing. He has a veyr soulful edge with lots of rhythm and funk. I would say a mixture of John Mayer, and Billy Joel...but Gavin is to be compared with no one. He has his own unique style and voice that I think true consumers of music will devour. His lyrics are so realistic and easy to relate to your own life. He writes all of his own songs, and every word comes straight from his heart! And not only does he write his own lyrics, he also writes his own music! And not to mention the fact that he plays keyboards like Stevie Wonder and can also play guitar. Gavin is a truly talented individual who I believe is going to go over the top. He is amazing. If you like acoustic, blues, and pop, he is all three combined in one with soul-felt lyrics and an incredible voice. I mean it, this CD is the best one I've heard all summer...sincerely I haven't heard of talent this good in a very long time.<br />The CD's songs are very unique in their own way. I have decided to briefly review each one.<br />1. \\"Follow Through\\" -the first single off of \\"Chariot\\" what can I say about this song? It introduces us to Gavin's amazing voice and talent with a story of love.<br /> \\"So, if you wanna be with me, you have to follow through.\\"<br />2. \\"Chariot\\" - The title track and also just a very great song. Powerful images and creative lyrics.So upbeat and funky if you can resist listening to this one over and over I don't know how.<br />\\"Your favorite fruit is chocolate covered cherries, seedless watermelon...oh nothing from the ground is good enough.\\"<br />3. \\"Just Friends\\" - A cute, and yet powerful song. Another story about knowing the truth about what's going on between the person you love and who they say they are \\"just friends\\" with.<br />\\"You were acting so in love, with your hand upon his heart.\\"<br />4. \\"[Nice to Meet You] Anyway\\"- what can I say about this song, except for that I hope it isn't true. In it, Gavin states, he has just found his special someone, and it means a lot to him, but it was nice to meet you anyway... Very cute!<br />\\"See I just found someone special, and that's really something special if you knew me...nice to meet you anyway!\\"<br />5. \\"Chemical Party\\" -God help our youth. I'll just not say much about this except for that it has an awesome beat and great tune. The song speaks for itself... you just have to hear it to understand.<BR>\\"Chemical party-lover-down...\\" <br />6. \\"Belief\\"- This song carries a vast amount of symbolism and has a very strong message. It points out what belief is about...<BR>\\"Belief, builds from scratch, doesn't have to relax, it doesn't need space.\\"<br />7. \\"Crush\\" - Everyone has had a crush...this song sums up all of my feelings. How adorable is this song? It just clearly describes an innocent crush. So cute! <br />\\"My Dear, I went for the steal, maybe it was rushed...oh my crush, I gotta crush...\\"<br />8. \\"I Don't Want To Be\\" - Very awesome song. Straight up telling the world that he isn't going to change himself and that he doesn't have to prove anything to anyone but himself. Very powerful song. I love it.<br />\\"I don't want to be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately... All I have to do is think about me and have peace of mind...\\"<br />9. \\"Meaning\\" -What a sweet, sweet song! And oh so true. It proclaims that we should just show everyone love... ahhh great song. <BR>\\"There's a meaning to the world...we're giving love...\\"<br />10. \\"More Than Anyone\\" -This song is gorgeous. It is exactly what every girl would want a man to say to her. The lyrics are so beautiful and sweet. It melts me like butter on a nice hot biscuit. *Boy you can tell I'm from the south!*<br />\\"And when I kiss your soul your body'll be free...\\"<br />11. \\"Over-Rated\\" - Another awesome jamming song. Slow start, but instantly picks up and rocks out. Very good point...that everything else is over-rated compared to love. Amazing.<br />\\"What I'm anticipating...everything else will be over-rated\\" <br />So concludes my \\"Chariot\\" review. Gavin DeGraw is no doubt going to be the next big thing. His talent has truly blown me out of the water. I encourage you to purchase this CD. You won't regret it!
0385504209|5.0|When I first started to read &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot;, in my mind I had a feeling that I would read a cheesy crime and detection type of story. After 15 minutes of reading, I found out that I was so wrong. The story is anything but cheesy.<br />The story took place in France when a Harvard professor and internationally known symbologist was waken up by a phone call the French intelligence department. Later on he found out that he was the only suspect of the murder of the curator of the Louvre museum. The reason why he was the suspect was they were supposed to meet by the time the curator was murdered and before he died, the curator left clues on the wall that had professor Langdon's name.<br />The cryptologist, agent Neveu, who involved in the crime was the curator's granddaughter and she believed that professor Langdon was innoccent. She planned to help him escape and during the run-away, she found out that her grandfather was the Grand Master of a secret society whose previous Grand Masters were Boticelli, Da Vinci, Newton, Victor Hugo, and other famous scientis and artis Unlike other crime and suspect novels, this novel is based on facts and that secret society is one of them.<br />The secret society had a mission to keep the secret of the Holy Grail alive. However, as the Grand Master and three other members died, the secret was about to be lost forever. Professor Langdon and agent Neveu found out that before the curator died, he left clues on the famous painting of Da Vinci &quot;Mona Lisa&quot; as well as in other places. During the runaway, the unclued the secrets with the help of a friend, who by the end turned out to be the person behind the dead of the curator.<br />The story is intriguing and unbelievable. It fuses facts with fictions and after reading the book for the first time, I found myself doing research for the information that described in the book. To my astonishment, all of them were very true, including the description of &quot;The Last Supper&quot;.<br />&quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; leads to one possibility of the life of Christ and the Holy Grail. As history are stories from the past, the ultimate truth may be covered by many layers. The quest to find the truth is risky and painful and sometimes the truth is unbelievable. My advice to those who are Catholic is please keep your mind open while reading this book and it will be very hard to read the story for the first time.<br />&quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; is such an incredible book that it can cause controversies among the readers. I praise Dan Brown for his skills of observations and descriptions. The story really opens my eyes to new possibilities of history and reminds me to be open-minded.t;.<BR>&quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; leads to one possibility of the life of Christ and the Holy Grail. As history are stories from the past, the ultimate truth may be covered by many layers. The quest to find the truth is risky and painful and sometimes the truth is unbelievable. My advice to those who are Catholic is please keep your mind open while reading this book and it will be very hard to read the story for the first time.<BR>&quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; is such an incredible book that it can cause controversies among the readers. I praise Dan Brown for his skills of observations and descriptions. The story really opens my eyes to new possibilities of history and reminds me to be open-minded.
B000055ZB8|5.0|We are accustomed to LISTEN movies. Bad habit. New soundtracks are superfluous for genuine silent film.<br />You've seen NOSFERATU before and were not impressed enough? Really?<br />Turn sound off. Try again.<br />You'll be chilled with the difference.
B00005QGAV|5.0|MIchael Jackson Dangerous...is very dangerous and matter of fact i love that album so much...and REMEMBER THE TIME was so great...MJ did such a wonderful laugh in there that it gives me chills and i just love seeing his smile at the end of the take.<br />Obviously BOW is the bomb! and the way he dance at the end where he went HOT! I just love it...if anyone out there that haven't seen it should do so very much. <BR>Everythang that MIchael Jackson have done and will continue doing will always be the best because he is a PERFECTIONIST!
0385720920|4.0|After seeing Fight Club, I had to read Chuck Palahniuk.  The premise of a man pretending to choke in restaurants seemed irresistable, so I picked this book up first.  It was well worth it.  Chuck's clipped sentences, carefully chosen details, and repetition of phrases (See also:  Fight Club's &quot;I am Jack's&quot; sentences) combine to make masterful prose.  However, it turned out the book dealt more with Victor's addiction problems than the actual choking scheme, something that caught me off guard.  Anyone expecting the book to take place primarily in a restaurant will be quite surprised.<br />The only problem I had is near the end.  When a religious element was thrown in, I became completely bewildered.  Once I read the ending, all made sense and was fine.  I give this four stars instead of five because of the vagueness also near the ending.  While ambiguity is one thing, some of the scenes were entirely unclear.<br />Overall, this is an excellent read.  If you're tired of drawn out, pretentious novels with no real voice or originality, pick up some Palahaniuk before you choke on other authors' inferior words.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Because it's mine. Not just kidding. Get away.<br />If you'll grab it and run, I'll mount my Russian llama and catch you at once. Beware.<br />By the way: there will be new 4-DVD Special edition soon, with new final titles and final score. Those titles will be 130 minutes longer and will be placed on 3 additional DVDs. And a gift - genuine Holy Grail in every box. Flattened a little. Enjoy.<br />And don't say anybody. Top secret.<br />Still here?
B000002MY3|1.0|\\"Jagged Little Pill\\", the first major release by Alanis Morrisette, became within a year only the second album to top a million sales in Australia. Given Alanis frequently being compared with the brilliant female alternative rockers of the last thirty years or so, the vast sales in Australia would seem as a surprise.<br /><br />However, any listen to \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" reveals no signs of the intense, dramatic, feminine tones that can lift music to considerable heights. The record was basically an undistinctive alternative rock album, with Alanis showing little tendency to actually sing but rather to shriek. Even though the musicians include such capable figures as Benmont Tench of the Heartbreakers, they were blurred over dense but tuneless guitars. This was seen at its worst on \\"You Oughta Know\\", which I have found really annoying ever since hearing it for the first time. Even the soft opening of \\"Ironic\\" was lost in the desire to create stereotyped hard rock, and \\"You Learn\\" alone maintained anything more than such noisy hard rock. Alanis' following album did at least try to move beyond these confines with little success.<br /><br />Moreover Alanis lacked Tori Amos' superb ability at wordplay that made her able to describe breaking free from a strict religious upbringing without sheer preachiness. Her lyrics did describe personal struggles, but she showed little depth or analysis.<br /><br />If you wish to see what distinctive contributions women have made to music over recent decades, skip this album. \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" was/is closer to the pseudo-macho posturers like Suzi Quatro and Pat Benatar, for whom the Australian market has always been a heaven.<br /><br />Instead, have a look at Laura Nyro's seminal work and late 1960s English folk/rock, and check out Kate Bush, Tori Amos, the Cocteau Twins and Laika to look at truly feminine music.
B00008VGK0|1.0|Madonna, in her quest to be on the cutting edge of British and French &quot;electronica, has forgotten about what catapulted her to where she is in her American Life here in the good ole' E Pluribus Unum: good pop songs in collaboration with good songwriters. Just because her current collaborators can make a synthesizer &quot;squeal like a pig&quot; does not a good pop song make. She can pull her &quot;controversial&quot; antii-Iraq War- so - as-to-not-upset-CD-sales video and sell out to The Gap for seven figures. We will forgive that. But there is no excuse for the &quot;material girl&quot; not doing what she has always done best: deliver infectious ear candy.
B00009V8Z9|4.0|Finally,<BR>         Music........not overproduced, not synthesized.  Just talent.  Real musicians playing intruments and vocals sung from the heart with a style that covers all styles.  Excellent songwriting with great presentation.  Gavin is comfortable across many moods and tempos.  I saw him recently on Pepsi Smash and he's just as comfortable on stage reproducing the music with an added energy.<br />Buy this!
0684857219|5.0|I just ordered this book, and oh my gosh, it has become my new bible.  I'm 23 years old and first worked out when i was 15, and i have been with 24 hours gym for the past 2 years.  i always thought i have been working out hard, but in the past 2 years, even with the gym memebership, i have not seen as much results as i wanted to.<br />This book has everything, from how to work out properly, nutrition, information on sets and reps. Its very easy to follow because each muscle part is categorized. it has many pictures which are useful to see what youre training. the best part is that within each muscle group, the book has different exercises to do, each with explanation of proper form and also what section of the muscles it works (e.g. long head of the triceps).<br />One of the most important things i found about this book was how it taught proper form.  I realized in many of my exercises i did not have proper form, which handicapped my workout and growth.<br />I have only had this book for about 10 days but it has changed my life, at least my workout life dramatically.  i now know how to get the most out of a workout.  My recent workouts have been the best in my life, feeling good burns and getting a desired soreness of the muscles.<br />If you think this book is only for people who want to get big , you're wrong, this book has different workout set ups, from: building a lean body, losing weight, gaining mass, or even getting stronger withouth gaining weight or mass. this book is even for women, since muscle is muscle.<br />If you care even remotely about your body and health, i truly recommend to you, at less than 20 bucks shipped, you cant go wrong with such a great book. I only wished i had knew about this book years before! Good luck :)
B00005JL78|4.0|Tom Cruise plays a futuristic cop named John Anderton who works for \\"Precrime\\" in 2054 Washington D.C.<br />His life is ok until the \\"precogs\\", who \\"forsee\\" crimes before they happen \\"see\\" him committ a murder he hasn't even done \\"yet\\"<br />Good human elements in this movie too.<br />Based on the short story by Philip K. Dick.
B000089RVX|5.0|In what seems to be the time of digital downloads of certain songs, an album has been released that is finally worth paying 15.99 for.  Evanescence has been propelled to fame by their debut single &quot;Bring Me to Life.&quot;  Though I will admit, at first I was skeptical because the male on the track was not part of the band, so I wasn't sure how the album would carry.  I soon found out, that Amy Lee can carry herself on her own.  Yes, she may get a little tiring after so many tracks, but every song is different in it's own right, it makes it worth it to stick it out for the whole album.  I am not a big fan of Rock, but Evanescense just gave me a reason to be.  Let them be your reason too.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Radiohead is by far the most original, most talented modern band there is. That fact alone should make you buy this cd. Hail to the Thief is a clear example of how the band has evolved from a good band to a great band. Their latest cd shows the maturity and originality of Amnesiac and Kid A. They successfully combine the soft melodious sounds of \\"Sail to the Moon\\" and \\"I Will\\" with the louder, more up-tempo \\"There There\\" and \\"Go to Sleep\\". The songs are not stuck in formulaic, repetitive melodies like much of popular modern music. Each song demonstrates an intriguing progression of sound and emotion especially in \\"2+2=5\\" and \\"Sit Down. Stand Up\\". If you do not buy this cd, you are passing up a piece of work that will undoubtedly span the ages.
B00008H2LB|5.0|this album blended the massive artistic growth from REANIMATION with the hard-hitting audible assult from HYBRID THEORY(LP). the whole album seems to be a perfect masterpiece and for those of you interested in art, the enhanced section on the album art is superb. METEORA is lacking somewhat in the lyrical aspect. although tracks like \\"From The Inside\\" \\"Breaking The Habit\\" and \\"Somewhere I Belong\\" exhibit amazing artistic creativity and flexibility, \\"Don't Stay\\" and \\"Figure.09\\" seem to originate from the same train of though. i loved the boldness they showed by using a different time signature (6/8 time on \\"From The Inside\\") and exotic instruments (a Japanese flute on Nobody's Listening\\"). and although most people dislike it, i very much enjoyed the production and progession of \\"Session\\" (try to say that 10x fast!!) overall the album was more than i expected and you cant knock this sextet for this excellent sophomore set...
B00000273P|5.0|Great, great album, though Steve McQueen is still my all time fave.  Plenty of great ones here though.  Don't forget &quot;Protest Songs&quot; either..
B000069CWE|5.0|linkin park is an excellent band and in this remix album, you can see a lot of artistic growth from their 2000 release (hybrid theory). this album is very well put together and the tracks flow together so nicely that if you dont pay attention, sometimes you dont even notice that youre listening to a different song now. it's a HOT album!! if you dont have it, you need to buy it NOW whether youre a hiphop or rock fan
B00005YW4H|3.0|Enough already.  So overexposed and overplayed, I've grown to hate it.  Her voice is nice enough, but come on, the album is not THAT spectacular; it's just that the musical standards have fallen so low in this country.  By the way, you can also apply to this review to ANY Dave Matthews Band album, minus the part about the nice voice.
0446677450|5.0|Although I am very spiritual, over twenty years I have never given my daughter a book about spirituality nor, for that matter, about any subject.  After having read &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad&quot;, I realized that the one subject I never taught my children was about money; mostly because I was a living example of complete money ignorance.  Suffice it to say that I immediately sent a copy to my otherwise-very-successful college daughter and have permanently appended a recommendation for this book to every email I send.<br />Unless money causes you no concern whatsoever, you simply must read this book.
B000000H7I|4.0|I consider myself to be pretty &quot;down&quot; with all the assaulting metal that's out there - until I heard Effigy of the Forgotten.  I take great pride in my top bands like Creed, Default, Bon Jovi, Kix and Slaughter, but was quite unprepared for the hard-rock offerings of this unique record.  I mean, in terms of metal brutality, I didn't think you could touch Twisted Sister or Def Leppard...now, I'm not so sure.<br />Suffocation play with an intensity I've not heard since the days of mid-'80s Autograph.  The singer doesn't just sing, he growls in indescribable pain; the guitarist of this band doesn't just strum his instrument disinterestedly, he pounds it with menace, shredding his fingers and causing them to bleed with sheer bliss.  Same thing with the bassist.  As for the drummer, all I can say is, Rikki Rocket of Poison's got nothing on this guy - and I used to think Rikki had all the chops!! <br />The only personal fault I have with this album is the lyrics, which I think could be a tad more uplifting, since I am a very positive person who believes that all can reach their dreams with faith and love.  The members of Suffocation, though, seem to have a hateful vibe towards the world that is unnerving.  My advice: relax, guys!!  There's no need to be so down in the dumps!!  Bon Jovi has made a career out of positive thinking, and I think this band should too!!<br />Finally, I'd just like to say that despite its bleakness, &quot;Mass Obliteration&quot; is one of the greatest rock 'n' roll tracks ever created.  I wonder why it wasn't released as a single, for the chorus, bass line and vocals are catchy as heck.  I think this band has the potential to go quite far on radio and MTV, if only they clear their vision, turn down the amps, and become much poppier, like some of the hair bands of the mid-'80s, or Bush of present day rock 'n' roll.<br />THANKS FOR LISTENIN' TO MY NEW REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!<br />BYE!!!!!!!!
0451207521|5.0|This book harkens back to the superb early Follett novels such as &quot;The Key to Rebecca&quot; and &quot;The Eye of the Needle&quot;, dealing with spies against the background of World War II.The plot is well crafted, the characters are interesting and the interest never flags. This is one of those few books I've read where I really hated to see it end. Very fine.
B000099T2L|5.0|This cd was so expected from me that i still thinking that i'm dreaming when i hear it.<BR>My favourit songs are:<BR>1Naughty Girl<BR>2Crazy in love<BR>3Hip hop star<BR>4Signs<BR>5B with U<BR>YOU CANT MISS THIS WONDERFUL CD!<BR>Beyonce is SHAZANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is one of the most amazing soundtracks I've heard yet! I'm a huge fan of Disney, and this movie, and soundtrack completely tops the cake of everything! The CD definitely makes you want to go out, find a pirate ship, and start sailing around and pilage and plundering towns!!! If you're in a bad mood, it's a great lift up CD and it also works well when you need to put yourself in a good mood for work! I grant this CD the priveledge of having 5 stars, cuz man it's awesome!!!! GO OUT AND BUY IT TODAY!!!
B00005B4GU|5.0|Like every Radiohead CD (except for maybe Pablo Honey, although Creep was pretty good), Radiohead tends to swallow you whole in the endless wonder available for exhibit in their albums. Fifty years from now people will look at radiohead as the best band ever made, better than Pink Floyd, The Beatles; and it is surprising to me that people will actually listen to Coldplay over Radiohead (not that Coldplay isn't good). In Radiohead, you will find an extirely separate universe, a world of quiet torture and emotion, to put you in a trance mood you have never been in before. I got this CD for my 25th birthday almost two years ago, and I still listen to it almost every day; it is nothing short of a lifechanging experience. If you are starving to death and you could choose between this CD and food, this CD would be my choice without a doubt. I know I sound like i'm overexaggerating here, but I am dead serious, and if anybody listens to this album and does not like it, then they are either deaf, or most likely lack any taste in music. If you only listen to eminem, this CD is not for you, but if you have any side in you at all that is attracted to truth and beauty over glitz and packaging, then you should buy this CD right now. Pyramid Song is the best song ever created by anyone, ever.
B00008S2VG|4.0|Madonnas 2003 release of her album American Life shows that Madonna still has the power to make good music and reinvent her image as well.<br />1. American Life- The first single off the album.  This song is one of those songs you have to listen to a couple times before you love it.  1 of 2 songs including Madonnas raps.  4.5/5<br />2. Hollywood- This song is one of my favorites.  Obviously a single.  The song is one you just cant stop listening to.  The lyrics talk about believing in the illusions of a fabulous life and wanting them as well. 5/5<br />3. Im So Stupid- This is a good song.  It is Madonna reflecting on herself as she use to want the fabulous life of Stardom.  Kind of like Hollywood.  Great music. 4/5<br />4. Love Profusion- This song is introudced with a guitar meldoy and gradualy turns into a fast, upbeat song.  Its an ok song.  Not a favorite, but, good. 4/5<br />5. Nobody Knows Me- This is a stand out track on the album.  Nothing else sounds like it.  It talks  about how no one really understands her and how the world can be cruel.  Its a song youll grow into liking. 4.5/5<br />6. Nothing Fails- An amazing song.  It is a sure time hit.  The song talks about a lover she is telling this too.  It is a very amazing track. 5/5<br />7. Intervention- Good.  Not a favorite. Not a stand out track.  Its a song youll either love or hate.  4/5<br />8. X-static Process- Amazing song.  Not by the aqustic quality of the music, but by the message of the song.  Its Madonnas way of telling God about herself and asking him for guidance.  This track is another stand out track because its the only aqustic type song on the album. 4.5/5<br />9. Mother and Father- i guess the title gives away the whole message of the song.  Its Madonnas way of telling us about her parents and the issues that she faced with them.  Great song.  The other track with Madonna rapping. 5/5<br />10. Die Another Day- My favorite of the album.  Im sure you've heard it before.  If you havent, the song is amazing.  The lyrics and the music just make for a clsic hit. 5/5<br />11. Easy ride- AMAZING! This track is one I have loved since I've heard it.  It is a very well developed track, and is an amzing peice of work.  5/5 <br />If your looking for a dance album, or something of the sort, dont get this album.  Its an album you can just sit back and enjoy listening to.
B000099T2L|1.0|I was really dissapointed with this CD when I first listened to it. I was sure I would end up loving all the songs and going out and buying my own copy but I was completely let down by all the tracks except \\"Crazy In Love,\\" by far the song of the summer. I had my first hint a week before the CD came out when I bought Luther Vandross's new album and heard their rendition of \\"The Closer I Get You\\" also featured here. They both sound as if they're reading the lyrics off cue-cards, seeing them for the first time, striving to keep themselves awake after overdosing on over-the-counter allergy medication, but ultimately everyone nodds off. Perhaps that is a little harsh, but it is nevertheless underwhelming. Also, \\"Gift From Virgo\\" could easily win the top spot on the 101 Worst Songs Ever Recorded on VH1 if they ever assembled a list. The last time anyone ever recorded so bad a song was when Meatloaf came out with Bat Out of Hell 2: Back to Hell!<br /><br />Overall, this album is a dissapointment. If you hear the hits from it on the radio and like them, buy the singles or tape them when they play, because overall this album is not worth your money. If she puts out another solo effort, let's hope it turns out better than than this.
B00003CXAA|5.0|This is THE definitive Godfather collection.  If you are like me, and believe that the Godfather is the best film ever made, then you will not be disappointed.  The entire collection is here on stunning DVD.  The clarity of the discs is superb, especially after watching the movie on unclear VHS and chopped up TV versions for all these years.<br />The 4th Disc is a gem and offered insightful bonuses and recollections for the parties involved as well as tidbits of facts and trivia that even me as a Godfather fantatic wasn't aware of.<br />Great DVD collection and completely worth the bargain price.
0345451325|5.0|This book is really good. The best part about it is that it gives you really good information about the stuff you didn't get to see, or experience in the game(since it's a prequel to the game). It gives you background information about Master Chief, Cortana, Captain Keyes, The Covenant, Master Chief's armor(MJOLNIR), The Spartan Project...everything!. The story begins with Master Chief as a kid, so imagine how much it covers...The author also does a great job of keeping the story interesting and original.To anyone that wants to really understand, and expand their knowledge about the world of Halo...Buy it..Now!
B0000A1RJI|1.0|I was not at all impressed with this soundtrack.  I don't know if Klaus and Hans sit around and listen to the Gladiator soundtrack all day long, and then try to pull off something like this and call it innovative.  There are far too many rhythmic and melodic references to the Gladiator soundtrack to even set this one apart from it.  I kept hearing themes with only slight changes in them from the Gladiator soundtrack.  There is even a short reference in there to \\"Mars\\" from \\"The Planets\\".  And the little motive that is beaten to death in \\"One Last Shot\\" is obviously from \\"Jupiter\\" in \\"The Planets\\".  And what does \\"overproduced\\" mean exactly?  Did Klaus write something and Hans said, \\"Nope, that doesn't sound enough like my music from the Gladiator, try this.\\"?  I am no great musician or composer by any means, but I do know when film composers try to pull something like this and try to pass it off like some great accomplishment.  I got duped by the name of a new film composer in relation to a well known film composer and bought the cd.  It has some new elements that kept me listening to the entire cd such as the Moonlight Serenade track, but nothing that stands out as something all that substancial.  If anyone thinks I am being harsh, take a good listen to the Gladiator soundtrack and Gustav Holst's \\"The Planets\\" and you will hear what I am talking about.  It is an energentic and action based soundtrack, but I have difficulty appreciating something that is such an obvious [imitation] of another person's work.
B000002WYT|5.0|I am a DMB fanatic.  I own every cd the band has ever released, been to a few concerts, own the dvds and have an autographed pic by dave himself.  Crash is one of the top 3 albums of the 90's.  From beginning to end, I can't find one flaw in this entire cd. My personal favorite song is #41.  It is a great love song for anyone to listen to.  overall, if you are a music fan, i dont care what type of music, this cd is for you.  BUY It.  it will not disappoint.
B00005QW4K|5.0|The movie has both the original and edited endings which are both superb.  I find that the option to hear  Sam Rami and Bruce Campbell tell about how scenes were modified is a fine addition for the Dvd collecter of these type of movie.
B000002WYT|5.0|I am a DMB fanatic.  I own every cd the band has ever released, been to a few concerts, own the dvds and have an autographed pic by dave himself.  Crash is one of the top 3 albums of the 90's.  From beginning to end, I can't find one flaw in this entire cd. My personal favorite song is #41.  It is a great love song for anyone to listen to.  overall, if you are a music fan, i dont care what type of music, this cd is for you.  BUY It.  it will not disappoint.
B00005UW9T|4.0|The year is 1917.  The place is Russia during the revolution.  Anastia Romanov (Meg Ryan) survies the revolution, along with her grandmother, with the help of a small boy (who we'll meet later).  Anastia is left behind at the train station and is sent to an Ophanage.  Meanwhile, Anastia's grandmother will pay 10 million dollars to the man who can find Anastia. Enter: Dimirti and Vladimir (Keysley Grammar) .  The two are on a &quot;get rich quick&quot;  scheme, since they're hiring girls to act as Anastia herself!  Soon, Anastia finds Dimitri and Vladimir and head off to Paris.<br /> A great children's movie that skips over what really happened.
0385509456|5.0|My family lives in the middle of Christopher's world as my husband and two daughters have Asperger's Syndrome.  We read the book aloud and laughed at the parts that we recognized and sighed over the difficult moments that we also understood.  Worth a read if you want a glimpse into a world that is intriguing, amusing, and telling all at once.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Well, technology comes through once again. I can't remember being this gratefull for modern technology since I stumbled across the wah-wah pedal in times of old! But seriously here's an opportunity not to be missed for so many who never had the chance to experience live what is possibly the greatest hard rock band in history, to have a time tunnel encounter with LZ. via this two disc set, put together by Jimmy Page (one of the most Creative electric guitarists to ever strap on a Les Paul, The Standard of the rock age, by way of his studio work),is an essential item for any &quot;Classic rock&quot; fan. This 2 disc set gives a pure representation of Page and his live playing style of flowing abandon that is both savage and smooth at the same time. However he will be criticized for being &quot;sloppy,&quot; (Shocking wot? :o!) But alas, an honest performance is what he gives on stage. He &quot;dances&quot; thru the tunes, reveling in the very soul of each song. Truely something to be appreciated by any rock fan worth his salt :)!<BR>The chance to see John Henry Bonahm play is worth the price of admission alone. <BR>The &quot;overlooked one&quot; John Paul Jones will be appreciated to new levels by oceans of fans thanks to this release....&quot;FINALLY!!&quot; <BR>And last but certainly not least, The Voice is young again!!! The &quot;Tall Cool One&quot; is an Icon of Rock and there are few questions as to why from anyone even slightly familiar with the bands studio catalog. So few shows were filmed that the appearance of this 2 DVD set came as a very pleasent surprise! So check it out and see the big unit perculate! Although imperfect, there are some slightly dissapointing moments,(few cudos to The Beatles...ha-ha) it's a kickin' little window into those times of old and Daze gone by that any rock fan will enjoy and LZ fans, well.... :o! So put away your copy of &quot;The Song Remains The Same,&quot; This one's &quot;DA BOMB!&quot;
B000089RVX|5.0|The lyrics are a little dark and macabre, but Amy Lee's voice is so pure and beautiful... I listen to this cd at home and in the car, over and over!  I first heard &quot;My Immortal&quot; on WWE's Smackdown! during a tribute to the late Freddy Blassie (pls forgive misspelling, Freddy), and fell in love with it then!  The entire cd is deep and very thought-provoking, especially if you're in a dark mood.  I look forward to their next cd!!
B00005JM09|4.0|At first I thought this would be a cheap cash-in movie. Then a friend of mine saw it and liked it and if he likes it, it has to have some merit. The whole idea of \\"there is no fate, but that which we make\\" line goes out the window. We come to find out that John Connor is destined to lead the humans, no matter what he does. I liked all the refrences from the first and second, like the sun glasses, keys over the sun visor, \\"I'll be back\\" lines.... even the ending was a take off of the ending of the first movie. <br />Loken, who plays the TX does a good job of being stiff and mechinal through out the movie no matter what happens to her. <br />The only problems I have are 1.) The time scale. From the first one to the second, John should be about 9. From the second to the third he should be about 20. 2.) The plot is the same from the second, excpt for the ending, albet with fewer morphing shots. But I'm willing to over look this, what else can they do??? 3.) When the TX \\"takes over\\" a few cars to chase Connor down, I don't know about you but most cars today are not steer-by-wire. There are mechinal linkages with the steering wheel, gas petal... you can not control these electronicaly. The TX could do the electric system of the cars, but that's it. And 4.) I don't think the crane in the chase sceen could go that fast. Other than that I'm willing to suspend my disbelief.
B0000039PW|5.0|I believe that this record is a serious contender for the greatest rock'n'roll record of all time. KRS-ONE has already declared to be hip-hop's finest moment. If that's true, then it follows that it's also rock'n'roll's. Any real and serious music lover has to admit that thus far hip-hop is rock'n'roll's crowning achievement. Hip-hop is the wildest, most well  produced, most rebelious, funkiest, funnest, most serious and the most avant-garde of all of rock'n'roll's sub-genres. From Leadbelly to Coltrane to Chuck-D, African-Americans have stayed 20 years ahead of the rest of the world in terms of musical genius. But what is it that makes this record in particular so special? Well, what really kicks it over the edge is it's subject matter. In all of art, what is the ultimate heaviest topic to tackle? Death. So let's compare this record to other great rock'n'roll classics dealing with death. Early Bob Dylan, 'See That My Grave is Kept Clean' and 'Fixin' to Die'. Dylan is heavy as Hell but he doesn't stare down death the way BIG does. Same with Zeppelin's version of 'In My Time of Dying'. The Doors, 'Break on Through' , that's also very heavy. And Morrison really was on his way out (which we all are, really) it's a good tune but lacks the musical intensity of BIG's hip-hop. Nirvana, 'I Hate Myself and Want to Die', nobody can question Cobain's sincerity at this point. And the intensity is certainly there as well. But suicide is just so, well, forced. It's rebelious in the fact that it's the ultimate rejection of this world and in a nihilstic punk rock sort of way there is a place for that in rock'n'roll. But to me, the rock'n'roll spirit is really about fighting to the very end. Like Morrison said, 'No one here gets out alive' but that doesn't mean that we should give up like Cobain did. I see 'Ready to Die' as a requiem for self. You can make the case that other hip-hop artists did the same thing but there's something so incredibly sincere and powerful about the way BIG does it. The way it tells the story of his life is like a eulogy. The story goes that Mozart's Requeim was really written in advance for his own death. I think that's how far you have to go back to find a fair comparison to this record. On 'Ready to Die' when he asks, 'Are you ready M----F----? We're gonna kill your a----!' Big replies, 'I'm ready'. His voice is so cool. It's mind blowingly powerful. I can listen to it over and over again and every time it sends shivers down my spine. A man in his early twenties just stareing death right in the eye in a prophesy. That's rock'n'roll's heaviest moment. Rest in peace.
B00003CXAA|3.0|I have seen this film several times, all the way through or in parts. Frankly, I have mixed emotions about it because, when discussing it, I want to be fair and focus on it as a discrete film, judging it on its own terms; however, that is so difficult for me because it is the third of three Godfather films and its two predecessors are masterpieces. I cannot exclude vivid memories of scenes and even comments from films I first saw 18 and then 14 years before seeing this one in 1990. OK, that's my challenge. I finally decided to try to rate it on its own terms, hence the Three Stars. What it has going for it includes Pacino's talent, several plausible conflicts, brilliant cinematography, and a tone of melancholy which is consistent throughout the narrative. After years of broken promises to wife Kay (Diane Keaton), Michael has almost completed a process by which to extricate himself and his family from organized crime. However, his marriage has ended, mortal enemies remain such as Altobello (Eli Wallach) and Joey Zaza (Joe Montegna), his negotiations with the Vatican encounter unexpected complications, and finally, his physical health is poor as pressures and tensions in his life intensify. It is no wonder that he suffers a severe heart attack in his kitchen (\\"Just when I think I'm out....\\") from which he never fully recovers.<br />However, the film has several problems. One concerns the lack of a primary plot to give the narrative cohesion. There are hundreds of individual episodes in The Godfather and Godfather Part II (as in other films such as Lawrence of Arabia and Doctor Zhivago) but they are coordinated effectively. Not so of the episodes in this film. Sofia Coppola's performance as Mary Corleone has been savaged by most critics. In fact, she is reputed to be a late replacement for Wynona Rider, had no prior acting experience in films, and was given a role as trivial as Anne Archer's in the three Jack Ryan films. I will not join others in bashing her. Another of the film's flaws is director Coppola and the three screenwriters' failure to do more with the role of Vincent Mancini (Andy Garcia). So many missed opportunities as Garcia's great talents are under-utilized, especially when on-screen with his obviously exhausted Uncle Michael. The illegitimate son of Santino (\\"Sonny\\") Corleone, Vincent is only occasionally allowed to show some of his father's passion, providing energy which this film desperately needs and otherwise lacks.<br />The jumpy plot and underdeveloped characters are, in my opinion, this film's major weakness but it has several fine moments as when Vincent challenges Zaza, when Michael meets with Cardinal Lamberto (Raf Vallone), the deadly sequence as the performance in the opera house proceeds to its conclusion, and the final scene when Michael reflects upon his empty life. Judged only on its own terms, Three Stars. Let's all hope that there will be no Part IV.f the film's flaws is director Coppola and the three screenwriters' failure to do more with the role of Vincent Mancini (Andy Garcia). So many missed opportunities as Garcia's great talents are under-utilized, especially when on-screen with his obviously exhausted Uncle Michael. The illegitimate son of Santino (\\"Sonny\\") Corleone, Vincent is only occasionally allowed to show some of his father's passion, providing energy which this film desperately needs and otherwise lacks. <br />The jumpy plot and underdeveloped characters are, in my opinion, this film's major weakness but it has several fine moments as when Vincent challenges Zaza, when Michael meets with Cardinal Lamberto (Raf Vallone), the deadly sequence as the performance in the opera house proceeds to its conclusion, and the final scene when Michael reflects upon his empty life. Judged only on its own terms, Three Stars. Let's all hope that there will be no Part IV.
0385334206|5.0|kurt vonnegut, jr. is a brilliant man. having said that now, this book is a work of genius. it is perhaps the funniest thing i have ever read in my life. but more than that, it is a horrible insult to me. that only works to make the book more effective as a piece of entertainment, as well as a work of philosophy. read this book because that is what you were created to do.
038572179X|5.0|this book has caused much discussion in my book clubs. what do you think really happened in the novel? this is an excellent work that will leave you wondering about the facts of the book and what did or did not happen. i think i will read all of McEwans work now
B000002UJQ|5.0|whether or not one is a fan of radiohead, one can find something in this body of work to rave about. from the dissonant, squealing guitars on airbag and paranoid android to the somber and imploding sounds of the tourist, this album takes your brain places where it has never been before. although all of their music is brilliant, this is the band's first truly great piece of work. it more than deserves a high place in everyone's record collection.
B000002NZO|4.0|Peter Gabriel &amp; Co.  redeem themselves from their disappointing first release with TRESPASS.  Freed from overorchestrated, cheesy pop-fare, Genesis launches into heavier rock sounds.  &quot;Looking For Someone&quot; is a beautifully disturbing number.  &quot;White Mountain&quot; tells the tale of a struggle for kingship.  Next follows the cynical &quot;Visions Of Angels&quot;.  &quot;Stagnation&quot; features very interesting organ work by Tony Banks.  He uses an organ with a felt bar (in competition with the synthesizer market) for those &quot;bent notes&quot;.  &quot;Dusk&quot; is in the beautiful key of B Major.  The CD closes with their classic, &quot;The Knife&quot;.  I give this four stars because I wish that Hackett and Collins were on this one, NOT Phillips and Mayhew!
0385504209|1.0|This would be it. There's even an albino assassin. Basically this is the worst load of cliched, hyped tripe I've ever read...if you're looking for a summer beach novel, Nelson DeMille does it well. If you're looking for a novel to keep on your shelf to remind you that you can write a better one, this is it.<br />Seriously, I think this is the worst thriller novel I have ever read.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|when i listened to this CD, it described many situations of a love life and typical relationship stories. the music is very relaxing and good to listen to. i enjoy all of the tracks and the lyrics are awesome. it's one of those cd's that put you in the mood to listne to.if you like jason mraz or guster you will definately love this cd, it's a must have!!!!
B00005JM09|3.0|I didnt expect much after viewing the sneak preview but I thought I owed it to the Terminator series to go and watch it.<br />T3 plays the same identical story, TX here to kill John Connor, Arnold here to save him. His mother is switched with his future wife. Everything is the same, the way the Cyborgs enter the stage, the way the bad cyborg goes around and kills a bunch of people before finding Connor. The way the bad T-X finds Connor first but Arnold comes just in time to rescue him. There is no new rise of any machines... the scenes of robots taking over the world in the sneak preview were just dreams of Connors. <br />Meanwhile, back at cyborg enterprise, It seems hollywood didnt fall to the rise of the machines, cause T-1000 is replaced with a chick. A chick who better belongs to some fab three RnB creation. She is so inferior to our beloved T-1000. Why in the world would Cyborg Enterprise replace a liquid metal cyborg with a 1/2 liquid metal cyborg. She has this multi-purpose tool kit hand which is so 70's. Arnold kicked her butt every time, there was never any danger of him failing. And yes... just like T2, the final scene has Arnold crushed by the big bad cyborg, his red sight switches off. But once again he awakes.... shakes off his newly encrypted virus and continues with a limp. T-X is one of the worst evil characters ever to be created. <br />The movie itself, lacks any character detail apart from Arnold's stand up comedy routine. There is no time to slow down and absorb anything. Everything just keeps exploding around them. I was getting a headache! Whilst Terminator 3 had more explosions T2 seemed to cover more field, with scenes that expanded many locations. <br />It is only until the very end of this movie that it becomes very interesting. The failure to stop Skynet whilst described as a plot twist by some, is actually an inevitable conclusion, which without would mean T1 and T2 could not really exist. It is inevitable for the robots to rise becauseotherwise there would have never been any conflict to begin with. My initial concern though obvious, might not have been for Hollywood, but thankfully someone does pay attention to some detail. (Im not going to go into detail about why the terminator series is actually one big flaw). I liked this 'we didnt make it' ending, its fresh. And Just when I stopped yawning, 118min into the movie, the closing credits come on. Darn! This movie should have started from here. <BR>I wanted to see the rise of the machines and the wars of the future. Let's hope that T4 doesn't go back again.
B00001U03Q|2.0|Yikes! It's sad to think that this is what most people think of Eric Clapton as, a poppy Top-40 balladeer. Listen to this album, and you'll be befuddled as to why Clapton is considered an esteemed guitar god. Most people who buy this album probably don't even realize that Clapton is a guitarist! Sure, he's holding a guitar on the cover of Unplugged, but he probably just uses it as a prop like Elvis did. Right?<br />That's the impression that many people are probably getting about Eric Clapton nowadays. Very sad considering how great he once was. This is a guy that was once one of the greatest guitarists in the world, second only to Jimi Hendrix. A man whose playing launched a thousand hard rock and heavy metal bands. And thirty years later, THIS is the kind of drivel that people know him by?? <br />In my humble opinion, the only great material on this CD are the songs from Unplugged. It would make much more sense just to buy the Unplugged album. On that CD, Clapton's playing (even on acoustic guitar) is stunning and firmly rooted in the blues. The Clapton Chronicles, however, manages the feature only the least bluesy and most pop-oriented songs on Unplugged. Go figure. The songs from Journeyman are pretty good too, but missing the excellent \\"Old Love\\" featuring Robert Cray on guitar. Journeyman was an oasis of quality in a desert of slick 80's pop. That album presents us with the closest thing that The Clapton Chronicles has to a blues song: the cover of Bo Diddley's \\"Before You Accuse Me.<br />There's no way around it: Clapton's contemporary material lacks the passion and excitement of his 60's and 70's work. Someone who loves and appreciates Clapton's best work will be bored to death by this CD, and rightly so. If you want to hear the best of Eric Clapton's 80's and 90's output, then you need to toss \\"The Clapton Chronicles\\" in the garbage can and buy three CDs: Unplugged (1992), From The Cradle (1994) and Riding With The King (2000). These three albums are reallythe only latter-day examples of Clapton's virtuosity. From The Cradle (Clapton's best and most intense album since the early 70's) has not even a single track on this collection! It's a glaring omission that   suggests that the makers of this compilation sought to ignore Clapton's status as a blues player in favor of his more radio and mainstream-friendly fare. Consequently, they have turned him into a boring AOR hack. Clapton is still capable of great things, but when he panders to pop radio like this it's easy to forget the heights that he once soared to.<br />If you're one of the poor souls who has fallen victim to this one-sided portrayal of Eric Clapton, then here are the albums that you need to hear immediately:<br />\\"Five Live Yardbirds\\" - The Yardbirds (1964)<BR>\\"Bluesbreakers With Eric Clapton\\" - John Mayall's Bluesbreakers (1966)<BR>\\"Fresh Cream\\" - Cream (1966)<BR>\\"Disraeli Gears\\" - Cream (1967)<BR>\\"Wheels of Fire\\" - Cream (1968)<BR>\\"Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs\\" - Derek and the Dominos (1970)<BR>\\"Eric Clapton's Rainbow Concert\\" - Eric Clapton(1973)<BR>\\"Just One Night\\" - Eric Clapton (1980)<BR>\\"From The Cradle\\" - Eric Clapton (1994)<BR>\\"Riding With The King\\" - B.B. King/Eric Clapton (2000)<br />Those albums will give you a glimpse of what The Clapton Chronicles is sorely lacking. You will see what he is capable of when he is truly inspired, and you will never want to listen to an album like Pilgrim or August again.
B000001DTM|5.0|Juggling fame, fortune and superstardom with a working-class perception of political issues and consciously operating under the grace of God, U2 are quite possibly the most important band in the history, and perhaps the future, of popular music. Their finest hour, or finest hour and 14 minutes given the restrictions that recorded guitar-based popular music by definition applies, is Achtung Baby.<br />Achtung Baby has stood the test of 12 years, and if what I have written here is true, will continue to stand firm indefinitely. The album is important and essential, not in the sense that \\"it is essential for you to hear this album (if you live in the Western world)\\", but in the sense that if popular music exists, then a definitive album has to exist, eventually. There are many albums that have stood the test of time (not excluding The Joshua Tree by U2 themselves). Achtung Baby does not stand apart from all that has gone before, but is rather akin to the last pebble at the apex of a pyramid, supported by all the pieces that have already been laid down. Never before has so much relevance been packed so coherently and concisely into one album with such talent, expertise, innovation and sober, disciplined panache.<br />Perhaps the true beauty of Achtung Baby is that it is flawed. Not by much, but tangibly so. It is, after all, art. If God exists, then we are essential because we are the darling creation. If God doesn't exist and we are here by the convoluted passages of evolution and chance, then we are essential because a species having the power to control and kill virtually all others had to exist, eventually. In spite of our essentiality, the secret of our true beauty lies in our imperfection. Music is a beautiful thing and, oh, do I wish I could sing.
B00006AG5N|5.0|I am 20 years old and I rarely give music 5 stars but Elvis #30 hits deserves the highest score.  The producers did a great job at remastering Elvis' music resoring the songs to how they should sound.  I guarantee you people that haven't bought this album that you will be pleasantly surprised.  I highly recommend you buy the dvd audio Elvis #30 hits because there is even more fidelity on the album. Suspicious Minds is outstanding as all the others.  Get ready for a follow up album to this one called Elvis second to none which is the title of their website.  Recently I got to go to a concert called Elvis-The Concert where Elvis is shown via video with the real 70's orchestra playing their old music. It was truly fascinating and you should check it out on the elvis website.
B00008DDSC|3.0|This is a carefully made movie with fine, nuanced performances.  But to be frank, its too funny to be serious; too serious to be a comedy; too unsettling for men; way too unsettling for women.<br />It might have worked if the sets weren't so unreal.  But the idea seems to be that some people find love this way yet its something like Being John Malkovitch meets Eating Raoul.  In other words, amusing but totally unreal.<br />So who is this for?  I would guess, people at film festivals and the French.
B00006AG5N|5.0|I rarely give music 5 stars but Elvis #30 hits deserves the highest score.  The producers did a great job at remastering Elvis' music resoring the songs to how they should sound.  I guarantee you people that haven't bought this album that you will be pleasantly surprised.  I highly recommend you buy the dvd audio Elvis #30 hits because there is even more fidelity on the album. Suspicious Minds is outstanding as all the others.  Get ready for a follow up album to this one called Elvis second to none which is the title of their website.
B00005JKN9|4.0|Although I was familiar with this period of New York history I admit I was spellbound.  Leo DiCaprio may not be brilliant but compared to Keanu, Leo's like Richard Burton.<br />My only real gripe is the anatomy lesson.  We get the message.  Watching people hack each other to pieces--even New Yorkers--is not entertainment to me.
B00003CXTF|1.0|This movie does a great job of showing what happened at Pearl Harbor in December 41. It has all the dirt on these two pilots and this nurse. One of the pilots was foolin around with the nurse, then she thought he was dead and hooked up with another pilot- a friend of the dead one. Then it turns out that the other pilot wasn't really dead!!! You find out all about who was sleeping with whom in this film! Unfortunately, they break up this history lesson with something about an attack and a war.<br />The Producers of this film messed up with excellent special effects in the attack scene. This draws attention from the main story line- the pilot/pilot/nurse triangle. Instead of wasting the audiences time with this silly war thing, they should have focused on digging up more dirt on the main characters.<br />Seriously, this film is absurd to the point of being insulting. I do not need a bunch of melodramatic garbage to sit through a movie on such an important event. This film could have been a remake of Tora, Tora, Tora- with better effects and less wooden acting. Instead, it was more like a remake of the 'Pearl' miniseries with Dennis Weaver and Angie Dickinson- with better effects and overacting by the main characters.<br />The real events of December 7th are enough for an interesting movie. Fictional dirt about who was sleeping with who insults the audience by assuming that this is necessary to maintain its' attention. It also disrespects the memory of those men who fought, on both sides, in this first of WWII battles involving the US. They should sell this video with instructions on fast forwarding to the actual attack. The special effects are quite good, though they go overboard on the blood and gore.
B00005JKN9|4.0|Although I was familiar with this period of New York history I admit I was spellbound.  Leo DiCaprio may not be brilliant but compared to Keanu, Leo's like Richard Burton. <br />My only real gripe is the anatomy lesson.  We get the message.  Watching people hack each other to pieces--even New Yorkers--is not entertainment to me.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is a magnificent score. It has a modicum of the traditional &quot;Pirate-esque&quot; convention of Bernstein (The Buccaneer) and Rozsa (Golden Voyage of Sinbad). And, while other film composers, Williams (Hook) and Debney (Cutthroat Island) have captured  the swirling strings and strong brass, cymbals and tympani we have come to accept as the music that Pirates and other sailors carry in their souls, The Pirates OF The Caribbean not only has all of the above,  but, it infuses rhythms and classical signatures from the actual time period. It also enough of a musical jab at the genre to be great fun. It's the type of score that makes you want to get on a ship with a sword in your hand and yell ARRR!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This Soundtrack I knew from the moment I first heard it watching the movie was amazing.  It is very forceful, (typical Han Zimmer).      Especially reminds me a lot of Gladiator, but with a better twist.  Preferbly a much better soundtrack.  THIS IS A MUST HAVE SOUNDTRACK!!!!!
0609610570|4.0|In 30 words or less...This book takes a Kick [Booty] approach to getting results in business.  Dreamers who want to become doers need to read this book.
078322933X|5.0|Nicole Walker's idea of the perfect boyfriend is clear when she meets David McCall for the first time. From her schoolgirl lifestyles and midnight curfew, David is not satisfied with the ways of his lady.  In the manipulation and phony character that he inflicts upon her family, he could almost get away with murder with her father's content.  But Nicole's father doesn't take David's 'perfect' personality seriously in fear that his daughter isn't in the hands of a sincere and responsible man.  So ignorantly enough, Nicole's father takes it into his own hands to investigates David's past, and uncovers many flaws that seemed to make it past Nicole's idea that things could never be this perfect.<BR>Nicole too discovers David's hostility, and when she tries to resist his horrible behavior and poisonous intentions, things get violent and Nicole finds herself, her family, and her closest friends in serious danger!
B000099T2L|2.0|I don't even know how to describe it.  Just not really great.  Kind of wish I hadn't spent the money on it.  Sorry Beyonce, I love you, but this just didn't do it for me.
B000094A6B|5.0|This movie had me laughing non stop throughout the whole thing.  It was soo funny and I think that the cast was very well put together..sooo funny! i wish i could have rated it better than 5!  watch it
B000099T2L|2.0|I don't even know how to describe it.  Just not really great.  Kind of wish I hadn't spent the money on it.  Sorry Beyonce, I love you, but this just didn't do it for me.  Mediocre that is a good way to describe it.  I just have to turn it off after a while because it bores me.  I never have done that with a DC disc.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas is just so powerful lyrically that he cant be matched aynone, to bad it too him 2 years(?) to came out witth another CD but that one was commerical. You want Nasty Nas's roots then here it is, no other words to describe it but powerful.
B00005ARDC|5.0|If, on a debut album, you're going to title a song \\"Whatever happened to my rock 'n' roll\\" then you better make sure you back it up with something of lasting quality.<br />Black rebel motorcycle have not only in B.R.M.C created a body of work that will live long in the conscious, but one of the defining albums of the new millennium, which moves the heart, mind, soul and body in equal parts.<br />The opening \\"love burns\\", like all great opening tracks, has that attention grabbing riff and creates the momentum for which \\"red eyes and tears\\" and then \\"Whatever happened....\\" build and expand upon. The latter is like a dirge with a pulse - an eye bleeding riff combined with an air tight rhythm section  as it threatens to roll on and on forever destroying everything in it's wake.<br />Sure at times they sound like J&MC - especially on track five \\"white palms\\" (or is that just because the word Jesus is in the chorus???) and at times they even have that chaotic dense layered sound of My bloody Valentines. Music IS about borrowing from the past, it is about influences and this is what  makes bands like the Black rebel motorcycle club so interesting. They take, borrow and recreate with their own angle. For this they are to be congratulated for having such wonderful taste, not lambasted for being short on ideas or originality.<br />B.R.M.C is one of those wonderful albums that don't come out too often and an asset to any CD collection.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Several years ago all I listened to was British Rock - Oasis, Blur, Manics, Travis etc....with the exception of Radiohead.  Yes back then Thom's voice was whiny, the electronic-influenced music irritating and bland, and the hype over this OK Computer record was puzzling.  Well this year I gave the CD a chance, with an open mind and open ears.  The grating guitars of \\"Airbag\\" sucked me into an intricate world where haunting melodies blend seamlessly with Thom's intelligent lyrics and yes, emotive and versatile voice. I was struck by the band's virtuostic and confident playing and its ability to manipulate melodies, counter-melodies, sound-effects and meld them together into a very complex album.  This would be the only \\"pop\\" album I could compare to classical works on the basis of compositional detail - like in Beethoven or Stravinksy, themes occur and recur later in the album, hidden beneath countless other layers of mesmerizing sound - instruments exchange themes and the songs simmer, explode, and slither into unexpected directions (check out \\"Paranoid Android\\" and  \\"Exit Music\\"). All in all this is a challenging album that deserves all the hype, and then some.  My only regret is not experiencing this earlier.
B00005JKPF|5.0|i went to see this movie this summer oh it was awesome the x men and magneto's team have to team up to stop this higher threat on mutants but anyway it is a great movie go see this movie or get it on dvd when it arrives
B00000JLWW|5.0|I have no shame in saying i like this film as it has come under alot of scrutiny even after fans of it the first time around changed there minds when the movie was taken less seriously. Titanic is a very powerful and empathic movie and i have alot of memories of seeing this in the cinema when i spilt orangeade all the way down the aisle which was sweet. So if you feel like listning to someone who knows what they are talking about and feel like ignoring the critics then im probably not the person but oh well. It's a good film that deserves it's place as one of the ground breaking films as it's a classic although Leonardo Di caprios acting was poor toward the end of the film but in it's own right this is a good film which most people have already seen but if you havent get this or the pianist which is an equaly good film though a little off the topic.
0316666343|4.0|I bought this book after reading rave reviews in numerous British newspapers. This book is not the sort I would normally go for but I was on the whole pleasantly surprised. The actual rape and murder which spark the subsequent series of events are dealt with briefly and tastefully in the beginning of the book and the description was not prolongued or too graphic, which I was thankful for. The subsequent story is fascinating and Sebold's portrayal of heaven is unique and well described. The explanation of emotions is terrific and the character of Lindsay develops well. Susie seems resigned and somewhat detached in her observations of those she has left behind, I like this as it would be so easy for the book to have been comprised of the murdered girl's frustrated ramblings.<br />Sadly toward the end, Sebold asked the reader to suspend reality further and accept that Susie's wish to relive her first kiss could be physically granted. The story, after going at a leisurely pace, was wrapped up very quickly with a happy ending all round, which somewhat diminished the complete heartbreak still present only a few chapters earlier. Its a shame that the ending was rushed as it detracted from what was otherwise an intelligent and insightful story.
B00005LC1H|5.0|Fawlty towers really does still make you laugh hysterically along with the young ones, only fools and horses and monty phython it is one of the all time top British comedys. If you've never seen fawlty towers before then you're missing out on the funny walk and manuel getting beaten up on a regular basis for a start, i suppose it could be considered slapstick humour but with a strong amount of wit and an ittellectual foundation. Fawlty towers is set in a hotel where guests come and go and go again due to the ego mad Basil Fawlty most of the time anyway, check out the one with the Germans that is one of the great episodes.
B00009V8Z9|4.0|This is a really great CD.  I saw Gavin live on tour with Jason Mraz a few weeks before the release and i went the next day to pre order Chariot.  He has a great stage presence and his voice and songwriting abilities will take him far in the music industry.  His music is like a mixture of pete yorn, jason mraz, and rufus wainwright, with a touch of elton john's instrumental arrangement.  its difficult to describe and i would recommend this cd to anyone who likes great songwriting and incredible raw talent.
B00008DDXL|5.0|This is pretty much the first time i decided to watch anything remotley to do with Harry Potter (apart from half of the 1st film) as i assumed i was too old for that sort of thing (despite the fact i own LOTR which is another classic) and i really dont think there is anything wrong with watching these films i mean personally JK Rowlings books are well written and create some good story lines, although i have not read a Harry Potter book you can tell from the films. As with chamber of secrets there are alot of speacial effects and it's the sort of film that appeals to your inner child if you have one you'll love it and to be perfectly honest it does appeal to adults aswell, depending on what type of adult you are as in whether you like fantasy or anything like sci-fi etc, the acting's improved in this installment aswell although it was ok on the philosophers stone, the child actors do seem more confident in there rolls aswell which improves the film, the prospect of another film is looming and it should be good.
0441172717|5.0|I am sure that I not the first reader to see anologies in the first dune book to potential developments in the middle east<br />References to jihad and mahdi ( and Maud dib ) and the struggle of the technologically ill equiped  but religeously motivated population against the invading forces using overpowering , but sometimes innapropriate weaponery have strong echoes<br />I am not comparing the allied forces to the Harkonnen , but the precedents are a warning to avoid long term emersion in a dangerous situation<br />This book will continue to be on most peoples must read  list as the concepts are still as true today as when they were written<br />I also thought the orignal film a brave try at a difficult to film  book and I loved &quot; Sting &quot; as Feyd
B00005LANG|5.0|While i am an avid Bob Marley fan i feel that this is one of his most under-rated albums that he never really got the re-cognition he deserved at least with alot of the British people at the time as every release was regarded as legendry in Jamiaca by Bob Marley fans and i could'nt agree more. As with most Bob Marley releases (avoid the scratchy recordings) they make great beach music along with the ranks or latin etc and really make you feel good so if your a fan of reggae then i would get Exodus or legend by Bob Marley and would recommened Reason or Roots by King Django.
0385504209|4.0|An entertaining book for puzzle-lovers.  But my goodness, am I seriously supposed to believe that the Louvre Museum has actual bars of soap!  C'est incroyable!  Everyone uses liquid soap these days!
B000099T2L|1.0|I sadly got this for as a gift. I was excited becasue I liked &quot;Crazy In Love&quot; but then I grew sad after listening to it again and again. I tried to like it but it's so awful. It's filled with boring deutes, too many samples, and annoying songs. Pop music has really gone down hill. If you want REAL R&amp;B I suggest you pick up Ashanti's &quot;Chapter II&quot; or Monica's &quot;After The Strom&quot;.
0393039765|4.0|Having seen the film countless times, I finally took the plunge and ordered the book, hoping that it would flesh out on the main ideas of the movie. However despite being a good book i found it didn`t give me any deeper understanding of the concepts in the film and in many ways it leaves a lot open for your own interpretation, which is ultimately what made the film such a huge success.<br /> So what is fight club trying to tell us then? What is it about the film/book that made so many people sit up and take notice?<BR> It`s quite simple really! We live out the majority of our lives struggling to contain our emotions. Doing things without really knowing why, almost following a trend, a way of life dictated to us by society as being the right one ie. the one that will lead us to enlightenment. The problem is that this search for perfection has in itself given rise to an increased emptiness in our lives, as our primary instincts are telling us that completeness is a waste of time and hopelessly unfullfilling. So there`s a conflict going on here between our consumer driven society telling us how to run our lives, how to cope with problems and our primitive nature, that doesn`t want to be surpressed by civilised non-violent conformity. It wants to break free from all the conditioning! It doesn`t want to care about anything that society tells us is ideal and successful. In other words what car you drive, how big your house is, whether you`re beautiful or ugly, intelligent or stupid, good or bad. Tyler Durden`s philosophy is that by being so preoccupied with these things, we`re not living. We spend too much of our time comparing ourselves to perfection and worrying about not being perfect, or needing something more in our lives ie. Consumers.<br /> Fight club does away with all of this! Fight club preaches anarchy, that we`re all worthless and by acknowledging our worthlessness we can be free, but this is just another extreme! It`s another &quot;cancer support group&quot;or a release of the  anxieties created in our mundane jobs, our ordered boring lives...
B00009ATIX|2.0|The only reason I don't give this film one star is the performance of Viola Davis. She is the only one in the cast that seems to care if the audience is awake or not. However , the slowing moving screenplay also does'nt help..Save your money and see it on cable..
B00005JLRT|4.0|The tenth Star Trek movie is out now on VHS and DVD.  The DVD is available on Full-screen or Widescreen at your local Target or Wal-Mart.  The disc contains seven deleted scenes, one which, is the original ending to the movie, it is mentioned in the Star Trek: Nemesis novel. Also it includes a director's commentary by director Stuart Baird. Also it has Dolby English 5.1 surround sound and also has English and French Dolby sound.  The disc also has six specials, with interviews by the cast, crew, producers of Star Trek: Nemesis and even director Stuart Baird. Also, one more thing, the movie is presented in widescreen, for 16:9 Televisions. When you have it in French, it is a lot more funny than in English, for example, when Picard says \\"Shut up\\", to Data, the french person says: \\"Le Flem.\\" HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
B00005JLZN|4.0|sometimes it feels like you're watching a documentry instead of a Hollywood movie. It was a good movie that makes you think. The ending surprise was good. Spacey as always acted well, it was Winslet who bugged me. I can see her in a role like this. She was way too bland.
B000092ZYX|2.0|Been a big Radiohead fan for several years now, but I have to say this is a weak effort.  Too much posturing and white-bread indignation, too little originality.  If you're rich and you want to be righteous, try spreading the wealth.
B00005JLEU|5.0|this blows all miyazaki's previous movies out of the water. i saw \\"castle in the sky\\" after seeing this one -- no comparison at all. the sheer inventiveness is enough to blow you away. and for once, the \\"making of\\" featurette is actually entertaining and enlightening. i loved the scenes of miyazaki making ramen noodles. and for gods sake skip the disney introduction and watch it in japanese. much love to miyazaki and studio ghibli. beauty.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I didn't hear about this movie until well after it was released on DVD, and i have to say i heard about it strictly by accident, but picked it up cheap during a sale at Best Buy and i have to say it's one of the best movies i've seen in years.  Damn good to say the least<br />I'd highly recommend it to any and everyone
B00008J2DQ|5.0|Generally after a band's been around for a few years and have been pretty popular, they start to wimp out (Filter, Korn, Kid Rock, etc.) and start spouting out junk.  Their music loses its force after they make money because now that they have money and are happy.  Not so with Godsmack.  They're just as angry and unhappy as ever.  While a couple of the songs seem similar to ones they've done previously, most of them are great.  My favorite of all of them would have to be Serenity, which is well worth the price of the CD by itself.  It's very similar to Voodoo, while less dark and more calm.  A beautiful way to end the album.  I only wish more of the music sounded like the last track.
0060555661|1.0|Why would anyone actually spend money on something like this is my question.  We've heard it all before, and our portfolios have collapsed along with everyone else's.  Why does this author get a big advance when the rest of the world sees their investments fall apart?  It just isn't fair!
0783225792|5.0|This is  one of the best movies I have ever seen! Robert Di Niro, Joe Pesci, and Sharon Stone are all awesome. Its the story of how 'Sam' De Niro's character gets everything he has always wanted and the loses it. Stone plays 'Ginger' the woman 'Sam' loves but screws him over. Pesci plays his best friend who screws him over as well! This has it all great action, the mob, and crime, and scaming people out of their money! I loved Goodfellas but this is 10 times the movie, trust me if you love mob movies you'll love this and if you love De Niro you will love Casino as well. Great movie I give it 10 out of 5 stars!
1559408898|5.0|Kudos to Paul Verhoeven for doing this flick.  He really didn't go the safe route with this one, which would have been an easy play due to it's comic book subject matter.  You could have done a PG-13 with this one.  Nosiree, Bob!  Verhoeven likes to spit in the face of Hollywood and makes flicks down and dirty, the way he likes.  It's interesting to go back and watch this film after not seeing it for a long time.  Talk about violent!  Hard to believe they made a cartoon, tv series and action figure line based on this.  This isn't really for kids if you ask me.  The Criterion version restores violence trimmed by our pals at the MPAA in case the R version wasn't violent enough for you already.  The cut scenes consist of bits in the first hal hour of the movie.  It all probably adds up to 40 seconds total, but those 40 or so seconds add a new dimension to the scene though it doesn't really  add depth to the story at all.  I'll tell you what you're missing so you can ponder it before you invest in this edition.  1)  The scene where ED-209 is introduced to the board, malfunctions and kills a guy.  Remember that?  It's basically the same except there's a few more seconds of ED blasting that poor schmuck after he has fallen down(and obviously dead).  Gruesome!  Fun!  The other cut material is Murphy's death scene.  When Clarence blasts his hand off with the shotgun(&quot;Give the man a hand!&quot;), you actually see Murphy holding the bloody stump.  Icky!  Fun!  Remember after that, all three gang members shoot him a million times while he shakes and yells?  Well, the very first shot completely takes his arm off.  That would explain how his arm magically disappeared in the R version.  Then, they stop shooting him for a moment and let Murphy sit there and scream in pain as one of the gang says in amusement:  &quot;Hey, Clarence!  He's still alive!&quot;  A few more bloody snippets follow of Murphy's murder, but that's pretty much it for the censored stuff.  Either way this is a great movie.  Even with the corny name and concept, this manages to be an emotional, thought provoking, satirical, well written, well directed movie.  Watch it again, you'll be pleasantly surprised.is a great movie.  Even with the corny name and concept, this manages to be an emotional, thought provoking, satirical, well written, well directed movie.  Watch it again, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
B000089RVX|5.0|This album is quite different from everything else I have heard.  It combines wonderful ballads with a gothic, rock flair.  One song reminds me of Sarah McLaughlin.  Another song is reminiscent of Dream Theater.  One of the few albums that I have bought and enjoyed every song.  Nice cello solos and piano in Hello.
B00008K7AM|5.0|Well, I have seen this comedy and it's funny and great. Absolutely recommended! You'll regret not to own its DVD. Rob Schneider has done a remarkable job in this comedy but you'll feel the pretty girl Rachel Adam misses out most of the scene except from the very beginning. The whole film just put everything on Rob Schneider. Rachel Adam is almost not there(a little setback).
B0000A14WB|1.0|Having previously bought the 1987 mono remaster, and the 'Pet Sounds Sessions' box set, I was anticipating yet another improvement in the sound quality of this wonderful album.  But my excitement turned to disappointment as soon as I listened to the stereo version of 'Wouldn't It Be Nice'.  The high frequencies are heavily filtered, and the bass simply isn't there.  The rest of the stereo version is an improvement over the previous stereo version, but the fact that the first track is so bad completely spoils my enjoyment of the album.<br />I don't care about the surround sound mixes - extended resolution stereo is what I am interested in - so this disc has been an expensive waste of money for me.<br />Who messed up, Capitol records?
B000089RW0|1.0|The film Ghost Ship is just about a demon who lurk as many crews as he could into the ghost ship and then kill them all. So he could collect their souls. Only a teenage girl always appears in the ghost ship to warn those treasure hunter because the soul of this girl is too pure/innocent to be caught by the demon guy! Therefore you always see that girl walking around the ship and sends out warning. I think that by creating a ghost ship to collect human souls is very rediculous. Save your pocket money, pal!
B000002KJQ|5.0|ZZ Top's staying power is to be admired.  It's hard for a blues-rock band to reinvent itself, but they managed it in the 80s.  But before Eliminator, ZZ Top was pushing the envelope of the genre.  'First Album' has a lot of highlights and introduces us to Billy's fabulous guitar work.  'Rio Grande Mud' is a bit of a sophomore slump in my opinion.  By the time they made it to their third go-round, something else had crept into the mix.  A hint of soul or gospel or something, but it jells just right here with the other ingredients, making for a tasty treat that I like to pull out every once in a while and enjoy from first bite to last.  The most important gift of a bluesman is the ability to tell stories, and there are some good ones here, including Master of Sparks and Sheik.  This is a great driving disc, as the beats propel you along.  Probably my only complaint is that it's over too soon and I'm looking for something as good to follow it up.  I rank this one as their best, followed by Eliminator and First Album.  Enjoy!
B000077VR3|1.0|This was one of the dumbest movies that I had to suffer through in years. Whoever directed this movie got into the same mushroom patch with the author Revelation in the NT.
B00005JLWN|5.0|I loved the original Matrix and violently hated Reloaded because of how good the original was.  The load of philosophical mumbo jumbo in Reloaded made we want to run for the exits.  Any movie where it has to spend long sections explaining itself...well it has issues.  Talk about taking itself too seriously.  For fans, read the Philosophy of the Matrix, let's you appreciate all the subtle nuances of the original.<br />So I had an extreme &quot;Matrix&quot; void, with all the expectations I had waiting for the $300M sequel, that never got satisfied...until Equilibrium.  I agree wholeheartedly with a lot of the reviews that I've read so far on this thread, so I'll try to add to it.<br />This movie was emotionally powerful.  I had wanted to see more movies with Emily Watson after I saw her performance in Punch Drunk Love.  Equilibrium is an excellent love story.  In fact, the director said in the DVD that Equilibrium actually tested better with women than men.  <br />For those who haven't seen the movie I might ruin some of the best parts with what I'm about to say, so stop here.  <br />I can't remember the last time I saw a movie where the protagonist doesn't successfully rescue the damsel in distress.  When Christian Bale failed to rescue Emily Watson from termination, I was devasted.  Greek tragedies are so rarely a Hollywood friendly script.  I also can't remember the last time I emotionally flipped my view of a character from the son of Christian Bale who most likely reported his mother as a sense offender to his later action to actually save his father from being found out as a sense offender.  Wow, I was also floored.<br />Like many, I had issues with some of the low budget aspects of the film but after you get engrossed (and you will be) in the plot you forget the superficial aspects, like enjoying an episode of Dr Who.  Lastly, the fact that no one knows about the film and it has been a real find has really enhanced it's appeal to me.  Blade Runner was never mainstream when it first came out and it was a financial flop.  It existed as a fringe cult film for the longest time.  I was one of the people who lined up to see all the director's cuts of it when it was first re-released to a limited audience in San Francisco.<br />This was a wonderful film and is definitely one of my favorites.  I so rarely see movies more than once and most movies I wish I didn't see the first time.  However, I continued to review Equilibrium every day 2-3 times until I had to return it...I guess I should buy it.
0790742314|5.0|The first time I saw this was on my birthday, at the theatres, no less.  I went to see it two more times after that.  The familiar concept of bringing the other, the unknown, the unique, to a picture postcard small town like Kingston Falls, is typical of aliens landing on Earth-type sci-fi.  OK, there is a difference between Chinatown and Mars, but still...<br />To say that Kingston Falls and indeed Billy Peltzer, the son of the man who brings the Mogwai Gizmo to town, will have the most memorable Christmas in its history is quite the understatement, and all because three strict rules regarding Gizmo are unwittingly ignored.  They are, keep him away from bright lights, keep him away from water, and never ever.... let him listen to Barry Manilow...just kidding, never ever feed him after midnight.  Guess what happens?<br />The glowing green and steam emerging from the YMCA swimming pool is the prelude of the mayhem that is to come from the red-eyed, growling, cackling reptilians, and who also seem to have full-time munchies.  Anyone happening to drive or walking on Christmas Eve happens to pick the wrong night to be human.  Contrast that with the ghastly neon glare of the red lights splashed on the Chinatown streets in one shot.  Red light for peaceful standby...green for go mayhem.<br />The adorable Gizmo's clearly the star in this It's A Wonderful Life meets Invasion Of The Body Snatchers/War Of The Worlds picture.  His facial expressions alone are very articulate, from his smiles, expressions of horror, sadness, and disgust, and a silly grimace when he's emulating Clark Gable in the racing car movie, To Please A Lady, which he's watching on TV.  Howie Mandel also deserves credit for providing Gizmo's voice.  And as he was raised by a Chinese man, it makes sense for him to have huang chung, or perfect pitch in the synthesizer scene.<br />Zach Galligan and Phoebe Cates make a nice couple as Billy and Kate, but Hoyt Axton as Rand Peltzer has a great turn as an inventor who keeps on trying to find an invention that's marketable and isn't frustrated by setbacks to the Bathroom Buddy, a kind of Swiss Army Knife of toiletries.  He keeps on trying, as evidenced by the plethora of inventions in his household, such as the Peltzer Peeler Juicer (great scene), and the electric hammer.  And the phone remote kind of previews handheld cordless models so commonplace today.<br />Yet there's an undertone of enterpreneurial, corporate capitalism going on.  Rand Peltzer is an example of it for good.  Gerald's remarks to Billy is of the bad.  He boasts how he is a junior vice president of the bank at age 23.  &quot;At 25, I'll have Mr. Corben's [the president's] job.  At 30, I'm going to be a millionaire.  The world's changing, you gotta change with it.  You gotta be tough.&quot;  And Mr. Futterman's jab at foreign cars reminds us of the trade gap between the US and Japan during the Reagan era, as well as the accompanying Japan-bashing.  And the rich and powerful harridan Ms. Deagle is a cariacature of robber barons meet Ebenezer Scrooge.  In fact the exchange between her and tenant Ms. Harris is a variation on Scrooge and Bob Crachitt.<br />Trivia notes:  note the Indiana Jones style writing on the Rockin' Ricky Rialto sign at the beginning, which figures, as both were Spielberg-Kennedy-Marshall productions.  And at the inventor's convention, executive producer Steven Spielberg, cast on his leg, wheels past Hoyt Axton watching TV on an electric sofa/wheelchair.  And the Coleco-vision Donkey Kong Stripe is playing is an example of 80's technology long gone.<br />Yes, another return visit to my golden decade.  Some aspects of this movie have not worn well.  The behaviour of the gremlins are rather uneven, ranging from extremely malicious (the traffic lights) to downright comical (the Christmas carolers, the different outfits worn by the gremlins), to the rare poetic justice (Mrs. Deagle).  But the otherworldly teddybear with elfin ears, whose furry hands grip the edge of the box he came in, then slowly raises his head for all to see, that's what I remember the most.  (Rating:  4.5, rounded to 5).y hands grip the edge of the box he came in, then slowly raises his head for all to see, that's what I remember the most.  (Rating:  4.5, rounded to 5).
B00008LDPU|5.0|I really liked the idea of the separate plot line that was created just for these shorts. I also think it important to see this to understand more about Matrix Reloaded (and also look at Enter the Matrix for more info on the Matrix world).
0767825411|5.0|\\"Do you believe in UFOs, astral projection, mental telepathy, ESP, spirit photography, telekinetic movement, full-trans medium, the Loch Ness Monster, and the theory of Atlantis?\\"  Well, it doesn't take any of these to enjoy Ghostbusters, but it would help to say yes to Janine's question, which she poses to Winston Zeddermore, who applies for the position of backup ghostbuster.<br />After getting the boot from the university, Peter Venkman, Ray Stantz, and Egon Spengler go to business for themselves.  After all, they are \\"on the threshold of establishing the indispensable defense science of the decade--professional paranormal investigation and elimination.\\"<br />They get their first experience in using their unlicensed nuclear accelerators and other hi-tech equipment at the Sedgwick Hotel, where they hunt down a Class 5 full-roaming vapour.  Yes, this is the gluttonous green ghost whose initial encounter with Venkman yields the memorable line from the latter:  \\"He slimed me.\\"  Venkman laters gets his own back by saying, \\"Never slime a guy with a positron glider.\\"<br />Enter Dana Barrett, whose refrigerator contains something more extraordinary than month-old yogurt that's turned into a science project.  \\"You don't generally see that kind of behaviour in a major appliance,\\" cracks Venkman, who taken to her, later allows a Freudian slip to his colleagues, \\"I'll take Ms. Barrett back to her apartment and check her out.\\"  As expected, nothing's there, but the scene contains a brief exchange I still remember.  Dana:  \\"That's the bedroom, but nothing ever happened in there.\\"  Venkman:  \\"What a crime!\\"<br />Yes, the snappy dialogue is what really carries this movie, which once again reteams director Ivan Reitman with Bill Murray--q.v. Stripes, as does Billy Murray's wacky Venkman, full of goofy optimism, funny facial expressions, and who is described as more of a gameshow host than a scientist by Sigourney Weaver (Dana).  She, Dan Aykroyd (Ray), and Harold Ramis (Egon) are great foils for his comical schtick.  However, Annie Potts as the bookish Janine, their put-upon office assistant, complete with Cyndi Lauper-like Bronx accent, provides more solid support.  Her emotions range from excitement they get their first call  \\"WE GOT ONE!\\" and her disgruntled \\"Ghostbusters, whaddya want?\\" after Venkman insults her, to her concern for Egon, to whom she gets attached.  William Atherton as the contemptible Peck from the EPA, becomes the butt of the funniest line in the movie.  \\"Yes it's true.  This man has no ....\\"<br />But the action is engaging, as is the 80's rock soundtrack, and the special effects may not be the digital stuff we see in today's movies, but for the time, I was impressed with them the same way 50's moviegoers might have been for Ray Harryhausen's special effects.<br />After enjoying this movie three times at the theatre, I kind of forgot about it.  However, I remember hearing how Harvey Comics sued Columbia Pictures for copyright infringement, thinking that the white ghost inside the red banned circle and slash resembled Fatso from Casper a bit too much.  Nearly 20 years after seeing this, I still enjoy this.  So, who you gonna call?great foils for his comical schtick.  However, Annie Potts as the bookish Janine, their put-upon office assistant, complete with Cyndi Lauper-like Bronx accent, provides more solid support.  Her emotions range from excitement they get their first call  \\"WE GOT ONE!\\" and her disgruntled \\"Ghostbusters, whaddya want?\\" after Venkman insults her, to her concern for Egon, to whom she gets attached.  William Atherton as the contemptible Peck from the EPA, becomes the butt of the funniest line in the movie.  \\"Yes it's true.  This man has no ....\\"<br />But the action is engaging, as is the 80's rock soundtrack, and the special effects may not be the digital stuff we see in today's movies, but for the time, I was impressed with them the same way 50's moviegoers might have been for Ray Harryhausen's special effects.<br />After enjoying this movie three times at the theatre, I kind of forgot about it.  However, I remember hearing how Harvey Comics sued Columbia Pictures for copyright infringement, thinking that the white ghost inside the red banned circle and slash resembled Fatso from Casper a bit too much.  Nearly 20 years after seeing this, I still enjoy this.  So, who you gonna call?
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This soundtrack is one of the best!!! I think I listend to it a dozen times!!! Deffinetly one of those soundtracks where you can listen to it with out skipping a song. I love the soundtrack, just as much as I love the movie. Awesome. Klaus did an awesome job. I like all of the songs. Good job!!! I can't wait for the sequal!!!
B00009V8Z9|5.0|He's so fresh and what your ears have been needing. This album is astounding from beginning to end(and in my case....from beginning to end again, and again). You probably never heard of him, and if you have you can back me up. This CD is worth the risk of buying something from an artist you don't know...WELL worth it. His voice is soulful and melodic, his lyrics are charming and flirtatious. Great songs that will move you and captivate. I recommend....well....every single song...but just to highlight: Belief, Chemical Party, the title track Chariot is strong and steady, also Friends, and I Don't Wanna Be will knock you off your feet and slap you across the face. No matter who you are...you can listen to this album and appreciate his musical genius, and the relativity of his lyrics, and oh yes....the tunes are catchy....you may not admit it...but you will find yourself singing Friends or Follow Through in the bathroom stall at a quiet whisper...I assure you. When it happens...don't try to stop it...just let it be.
B00004SST6|4.0|My only opinion about George Benson is that he is singing more than he can play. I want to see him in a concert, but some people<BR>told that is boring, because he is singing the whole time. He must do more with his Gibson than with his mouth!!!
B00005QDW1|5.0|Quality, fun, good pop music, just listen it! Its one of the best records of 2001! I like more Return Of Saturn (awesome), but this is a good album. Its a new ND, a mix of funk, new wave, reggae and rock! Very interesting! I like it! Especially the songs produced by Nelle Hopper, Rick Ocasek, Sly and Robbie, and William Orbit. :) The best songs: Underneath It All, Running, Hella Good, Making Out, Start The Fire and Dont Let Me Down! This last one rocks! You should get it!
0060555661|4.0|The updated commentary makes this book a more enjoyable version than previous editions.  If however you are already a believer in the Grahm school of thought you might as well read Security Analysis and skip this one.  Security Analysis is FAR more in depth.  For those of you who do not believe in the Grahm method, this probably won't convince you.  I give this book four stars simply because it qualifies as some sort of classic, as far as investment books go.  And Mr. Zwieg has done a good job including more current info and examples.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I really wish that Christina wasn't playing up the sexy, faux punk-rock image so much because I think that is all really distracting from what is truely an extroadinary album.  Look past the videos for \\"Dirrty\\" and \\"Fighter\\" and you'll see an artist who might still be trying to find her image but who has definitely found her voice/sound.  \\"Stripped\\" is an amazing album that has the prerequisite pop radio ready songs like \\"Dirrty\\" as well surprisingly well-written ballads that have Christina running vocal rings around all of her pop princess peers.  Songs like \\"Cruz,\\" \\"Singing My Song\\" and \\"Soar\\" are just incredibly beautiful and so genuinely sung by Christina that it makes you wonder why she got saddled with all that bubblegum pop on her first album when she had talent like this just waiting to be heard.  There is a definite gospel-like quality to these songs.  Others, like \\"Fighter\\" and \\"Can't Hold Us Down\\" are more rock than pop but very spirited and sung with girly ferocity.  Nothing on this album feels overproduced or manufactured, like Britney's albums do.  She may take a lot of flak for her image, and it's sometimes easy to take artists at face value, but after hearing this album I will definitely give Christina more credit for her talent.  She can sing (beautifully), write and dance like you wouldn't believe.
0312150849|5.0|The Colour of Magic (1983) is the first volume in the Discworld series. Somewhere there is a giant turtle, Great A'Tuin, swimming through space. Atop the turtle are four enormous elephants -- Berilia, Tubul, Great T'Phon and Jerakeen-- holding up a huge disk that is the world. A moon and miniature sun orbit around this odd grouping.  This initial volume contains four novelettes depicting the zany characters and amazing sights of the Discworld. It features Rincewind the [failed] wizard, Twoflower the Tourist, and the Luggage (also called reflected-sound-as-of-underground-spirits, but who wants to say that every time). Rincewind is best known for his ability to run very fast and very often; he is terrified of almost everything. Twoflower is the first and only tourist on Discworld (Rincewind is not sure what the word tourist means, but he suspects it means idiot). The Luggage is a box with many small legs, infinite storage space, strange powers, and a vicious temper.    In The Colour of Magic, Morpork is burning and the brave citizens of Ankh are demolishing the connecting bridges. Bravd the Hublander and Weasel watch from a cool hilltop a few miles away. They see two mounted men and some kind of low beast coming out of the city; the men are Rincewind, who suffers from an overdose of terror, and Twoflower, who had started the fire. They are accompanied by the Luggage.    In The Sending of Eight, Blind Io and the other gods are playing a game with a board full of modeled pieces representing Bravd, Weasel and other heroes and champions. Lady is down to only Rincewind and Twoflower. Blind Io rolls three fives, but Lady rolls a six, a three and a seven.    In The Lure of the Wyrm, Rincewind, Twoflower, Hrun the Barbarian, and the Luggage encounter Liessa Wyrmbidder of Wyrmberg. Liessa wants a man to be her consort and she selects Hrun. However, Rincewind discovers the magic sword Kring embedded in a tree branch, pulls it free, and finds himself learning how to be a [reluctant] hero as the sword plans a rescue of the kidnapped Hrun.    In Close to the Edge, Rincewind and Twoflower visit the Rimfall, where the ocean falls off the Discworld, and see the Rimbow. They almost fall off the Edge, but are caught in a strong net. Unfortunately, they are then found by the troll who patrols that section of the Circumference for the salvage fleet.    This initial volume introduces the Discworld series. It also initiates the use of irreverent footnotes which are often funnier than the main text. The following volumes, however, expand in all sorts of directions. Some also feature Rincewind, but others include the [mostly competent] wizards of Unseen University, the night watch, the witches, the dwarves, Lord Vetinari, Death, and many more.    Highly recommended to Pratchett fans and anyone else who enjoys dry humor in an exotic (and totally unbelievable) setting.    -Arthur W. Jordin
0553579908|5.0|I enjoy the way the series is unfolding.  The lack of excruciating details is most appreciated.  The action is swift and direct.  The intrigue fascinating and building.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw is a very talented man. He has blown away people at local concerts and WB PEPSI SMASH. His new album &quot;Chariot&quot; is amazing and its full of great songs. My favorite song will be &quot;Follow Through&quot;. I also like all of them. This is a very deep album and full of emotion. Gavin will rock your world..
B00005QG9J|5.0|This is a great album. It manages to deliver more soothing songs similar to &quot;Drive&quot; without missing the powerful punch Incubus is known for with songs like &quot;Circles&quot; and &quot;Blood on the Ground&quot;, one of my personal favorites. Incubus proves that they're going to be around for a long time with &quot;Morning View&quot;.
B00007BHOE|5.0|Oh my god...wait, considering the group, wrong deity huh? Regardless this is AWESOME.  You know how some of these live performanc dvd's can be. usually the audio kinda bites or the picture quality isn't so hot. not this time, baby!  The audio is brilliant and you get to see the band from multiple on and off stage angles.  Some of the most notable pieces here are the solos by joey (you have to watch this thing.  The man gets to a position where gravity is now working against him, if you catch my drift) and sid (who is just plain awesome on those turntables, you also see him moon the crowd of maggots, it's hilarious).  Corey has an amazing stage presence and leaves th crowd in absolute awe the entire show.  Mick is also amazing to watch as he bangs out riffs doing full body head banging with his hair flying everywhere. looks pretty d*mn cool.  I unfortunately have not had the privelidge of witnessing a slipknot concert, but this will tide me over till they come my way again.  The special features have an audio version of purity (the song cut from their first album) wait and bleed and left behind videos, and features that let you control the cameras during certain songs.  The greatest band in the world, thousands of screaming fans, and pyrotechnics...who could ask for anything more?
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward's &quot;Darkest Days&quot; is a wonderful album. I couldn't believe how great and original the music was when I heard it. Stabbing Westward is similar to other industrial bands in some ways, but different in so many more. Great vocals and amazing lyrics, not to mention good music. Stabbing Westward have more of a rock edge than most industrial bands. My personal favorite songs from this album are &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, &quot;On Your Way Down&quot;, &quot;When I'm Dead&quot;, and &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot;.
0201485672|5.0|This is an excellent guide to some activity that almost 99% of we, the real programmers, do all the time: refactoring.  Is true that some of the refactorings are common to us, but the merit of  Fowler is the effort to catalogs them for an easy reference and communication.  The book is an excellent reference for this simple quality.  I didn't remember any of the refactorings that hasn't any pertinence to the most common OO programming language (C++, Java, C#, VB.NET).  This book study the process of writing code as a technique that can be studied, comunicated and learned, more than simply learn the syntax of the language.  Also there are not so many references outer for coding style and techniques that this book seems an &quot;oasis in the desert&quot;.
B00004CWO8|1.0|This is one of the best shows I ever seen and meanwhile the worst of all!!!<BR>Matthew Bournes choreography is daring and marvelous. Adam Cooper is simply irresistible. What a super star!<BR>One man just ruined everything - the edit and director of this movie C Peter Mumford.<BR>This man obviously knows nothing about ballet. Half of the times, you cant see the dancers legs. The director seemed more interested in focusing on their facial expressions! He missed the white swans first entrance just for the princes thoughtful eyes. He used several cameras for the shooting and enjoyed switching from one to another every 3-6 seconds! So, everything was broken into thousands of pieces. Theres nothing to enjoy at all.<BR>Actually I think this director was obsessed. Every time when there was a body contact between two dancers, he zoomed in to their faces, then again you missed everything. Should he go see the shrink?!<BR>The other strange thing is that the show was performed on an awkwardly small stage. So small that you keep wondering how the dancers managed to avoid kicking each other. Why?<BR>The only good part didnt affected by this man was the music. Its great.<BR>The end of the show was so moving that even with this directors distraction its still that great. But you will not cry for it. You cry for Matthew Bourne and Adam Cooper and you pray for someone else to shoot it again. How about Alexandre Tarta? That director knows how to make a ballet movie.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|If you like Sandra Bullock, you will like this movie, plain and simple. 28 DAYS is about a woman named Gwen (Sandra Bullock) who enters rehab after she gets before and during her sisters wedding, destroying a cake, and crashing a limo into someone's house. She enters rehab and there is a lot of conflict when she doesn't mingle well with the other patients, and refuses to participate in their chants or chores. Eventually she comes around, befriending others in her group. Through flashbacks we see where Gwen's problems may have come from. There is plenty of comedic moments in the movie, making it funny, but the movie also has a dramatic edge. It's a fun Bullock film fans of the actress will love.
B00005JLSE|5.0|First, to the reviewer who blasted all for enjoying this because its focus is murderesses, your point is good, but this isn't overtly based on reality.  Don't take it so seriously.  <BR>Second, to the one who blasted this for not being like Moulin Rouge, it's not intended to be like Moulin Rouge.  Roxie Hart was a movie character played by Ginger Rogers in a movie of the same title in 1942; Fosse did the musical for the story (which bombed, by the way) in 1975.  This isn't intended to be an anachronistic play on song to tell a story.  Moulin Rouge was Luhrmann's way of making a statement about song--and it was beautifully done.  Comparing this to Moulin Rouge is like comparing apples and bananas--they're both fruits, both alphabetically close to each other, but completely different fruits with completely different characteristics.  Both movies take historical incidents and play with them in the context of music, but the intent and the vision behind the playing is completely different.  <BR>But the real thing going here for \\"Chicago\\" is the versatility of the actors.  Even the imperfections of the actors (which cannot, in any sense of the word, be applied to Zeta-Jones' or Latifah's performances) fit with the imperfections of life that boosted Roxie and Velma into their livelihoods and their crimes.  This movie is about the corruption that existed in the legal system in the '20s (and still did in the '70s and still does today).  It's about juxtaposing the reality of the '20s with the mindset of the '70s, which was further embellished with a 21st-century mentality representation on film.  The musical to movie adaptation was amazing on this movie.<BR>You can dislike it if you want, but don't dislike it just because it's a musical or because its main characters are murderers or because it doesn't exactly mirror the only other musical of note that has come out in the last five to ten years.  Because you certainly cannot complain about the beauty of the performances in the midst of the imperfections of the times being represented.  <BR>And as for the reviewer who made comments about the anachronistic music in Moulin Rouge, you missed Luhrmann's point entirely.
B00008LDPU|3.0|I really wanted to give this two and a half stars rather than three, but there's no facility to do that.<br />I first saw this compilation in the cinema instead of as a DVD and despite the Dolby surround and the massive screen by the time it was two thirds of the way through I was looking at my watch and trying to work out how many more there were to go.<br />Maybe if they'd been viewed one at a time it would have been more enticing, but after about five of them I wasn't that entertained anymore.
B00005M6AP|5.0|I have to be honest, but I just heard the Acoustica the platinum edition and the DVD. I haven't really bought this but I heard EVERY single song on acoustica so I would know how the songs are. They left out a new song called Back to You that is ONLY on the DVD. So I know what the songs sound like, and I think it's the best performance and sound ever!! Buy it, if you like more soft rock music!!
B000001EUN|4.0|There are only about 3 songs in there that are truly masterpieces like The Zoo. The others are just plain boring. Lady Starlight is okay too, but not the best.
0871359448|5.0|I grew up reading the author's Warlock series reprints in the eighties. Those were masterful and powerful stories. The series climaxed with a cosmic battle involving the Avengers, the Fantastic Four, Spider-man and Warlock. If you're a teenage brat it doesn't get any better than that.<br />Until this story. Starlin writes this one so deftly and so utterly over the top that you walk away stunned. The premise? The dark demi-god Thanos controls the fate of the universe with his Infinity Gems. The players include X-Men, Avengers, Spider-Man, Fantastic Four, Warlock, Dr Strange. If you like to see things blow up, Starlin delivers. (The universe becomes an immense battlefield for the alien gods.) If you want to see someone at last handle the psychology of a super-villain in a convincing manner, Starlin delivers. (Why is Thanos so bad? Jim answers loud and clear.) And if you want a plot that's both formulaic but new, this one delivers. (Like Star Wars.)<br />I also enjoyed the Infinity War series, so I hope Marvel reprints that one.
B000069HJM|1.0|I love Supertramp, love Roger Hodgson, but I got'a tell ya, this album is horrible.  I don't understand Supertramp's direction.  They proved that they could go on without Roger with the release of 'Brother Where You Bound'.  That was a great album.  Not as good as 'Breakfast in America' or other hit releases, but it did stand on its own just fine.<br />After that, it was all down hill from there for Supertramp.  'Free as a Bird' is bad, really bad.  Now, Supertramp gets the title of their next album right, 'Some Things Never Change'.  That album is even worse!  I'm so disappointed with this group, I miss their original sound and quality.  They just released a new album called 'Slow Motion'.  Have not heard it yet, but I don't have high hopes.<br />If you are looking for good new 'Supertramp' material, buy the latest Roger Hodgson release 'Open The Door'.  Classic Supertramp all the way and proves that he really was the better part of that band.
B000002G30|5.0|The lads of MM aim to play with the big cats on this album and they succeed beyond their wildest dreams. The title track opens the album with nerve shattering snorting violence and the action doesn't let up until 70 minutes later. \\"Negasonic Teenage Warhead\\" can be used as a therapeutic device for highschool brats. \\"I will deny you!\\" That is, you've got nothing on me, you pseudo-peers. Things get downright scary in \\"All Friends and Kingdom Come.\\" But like any good trashy horror novel, if you're not scared you wouldn't be getting what you want. Robert A. Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land meant to purge its readers of pity and fear. MM agree. By making you so damn scared you get a huge rush when you realize that what's so bloody scary is YOU. If you like trash, you probably read comics. & Dave and the boys have come up with the perfect soundtrack to any cosmic comic with \\"Ego the Living Planet.\\" This one can be profitably listened to while you read things like Marvel's Earth X. \\"I Control I Fly\\" kicks out the jams and rocks frenetically, while \\"Dead Christmas\\" provides some darkly amusing moments of introspection.<br />This is the best thing that Monster Magnet has produced so far. But I suspect that they're only beginning to tap into the demented mind of the teenage brat. We Want More!
B000005EJL|1.0|I'm just so fed up with these guys.  Like I said in another review, they proved they could go on and succeed without Roger Hodgson with 'Brother Where You Bound'.  After that, they just went downhill, and I mean straight down...<br />Since 'Brother', the released 'Free as a Bird' and 'Some Things Never Change'.  Both really, really bad albums.  I don't get it, these guys are talented.<br />They just released a 4th album without Roger called 'Slow Motion'.  Have not heard it yet, but I don't expect much anymore.<br />If you want to hear good new 'Supertramp' material, buy the latest Roger Hodgson album 'Open The Door'.  Excellent album that has that classic Supertramp sound proving he really was the better half of that band.<br />Unfortunate how things don't work out sometimes...
B000002LND|5.0|This is one super compilation of Madonna's best work. Not a single bad track although La Isla Bonita, Into The Groove, and Borderline stand out above the rest. Sorry I just love those two tunes.  Material Girl, Vogue, Justify My Love, and Like A Virgin are other noteworthy tracks.<br />A good balance of dance tunes and touching ballads and certainly enjoyable for those who want to go the comprehensive route to collecting Madonna's music. Bigger fans might want to collect her indvidual recordings but truthfully there is a grat deal of filler tunes on her True Blue and Like A Virgin recordings.  My advise is to stick with this compilation.
0385504209|5.0|To set the record straight on the \\"religiously correct\\" is quite refreshing to read. The mother of god Isis is being resurrected from the terrible grave she was burried in for 2,000 years in this suspense thriller. I downloaded the \\"Last Supper\\" by Leonardo da Vinci and \\"lo and behold\\" there she sits clearly on my computer screen to the right and honor place of the one who was declared god in 325 a.D. I disagree with the 5 million women who were tortured and murdered within 300 years by the Roman-Catholics; the actual number is 9 million. Interesting how state and church were combined; it seems to me there lies more power in the church than any state has every held as the Vatican survived two thousand years. And the truth had to go underground in the Priory of Sion and other brotherhoods. The power struggle as described in this book is immense and quite compelling to read. If you are a stout Catholic don't read this book. Anyone who seeks enlightenment be prepared for it: the truth hurts but sets you free. Are you going to find the Holy Grail in this book? You can't stop to turn all the pages to find out.
0446608955|5.0|I honestly do not know where to start on praising this amazing book.  It was so incredibly good!   I read the entire thing in one sitting (in one day).  The message of this novel is pure and just very lovely.  The characters and their lives were so real and so perfectly written, and I am so glad that I ever stumbled upon this great read.  I am an avid reader and enjoy the activity very much, but never have I read a book and been so enthralled and amazed!  I cried so incredibly hard at the end of this novel, and I will never forget my experience of reading it.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is in for a very touching story with a great message!
B000002LND|1.0|Throw this pap onto your CD player and just get sickened by the garbage that comes from your speakers. She is no musician and has absolutely no musical talent. It is a shame that she has lasted this long. A new haircut and her \\"fans\\" gush about her chameleon-like persona. Yikes! Anything to distract you from the fact that she [is weak]. Listen to this CD and you can just hear her limited range and even [weaker]lyrics.
B00000ILBK|4.0|I am rather surprised to see the negative reviews this film has gotten here. I thought this movie was excellent, and would rank in the upper echelon of Star Trek features. <br />What is nice about this film is the character development aspects. One of my favorite parts of Star Trek is getting to know the crew members, and my favorite episodes of both TOS and TNG are the ones in which you learn a little more about your favorite characters, not the ones that are action oriented. <br />In this film, that is essentially what we get. We get to see a relaxed, very human Picard (versus the Captain Ahab madman Picard in First Contact), the friendship between the child and Commander Data, and the (finally) rekindling of Riker and Troi's romance. <br />There is also plenty of action to satisfy that component. The scenes which the crew must shoot down the probes that are chasing the settlers are very cool and quite exciting, and the space battle (with the &quot;Riker Manuever&quot;) is also great. Granted, not as intense as the Borg battles in FC but this is an alltogether different deal. <br />There is a review that mentions a disagreement with the idea of moving 300 settlers. Firstly, I really don't take much account into a particular movie's politics, so I geuss that didn't bother me. However, I believe the movie was successful in pointing out that however beneficial the effects of the planet may be, they (the Admiral and his conspirators) were going about it in an entirely illegal fashion, so I had no problem with the feasability of that part of the story. <br />At any rate, fans ought to understand that the Next Generation movies have actually been done at a higher level of consistancy than the original series cast movies. Generations is the weaker of the four, but even that one isn't as bad as the putrid ST V, and the next three are all very, very well done. I sincerely hope that Paramount doesn't give up on this wonderful cast.
B000002N25|3.0|Just not in the same league as Sailing to Philadelphia and A Ragpicker's Dream.<BR>Having said that, there are some fantastic cuts on this CD, and like another reviewer, I adore Cannibals.  What fun!<BR>This is not a CD that I can listen to in one sitting, but, when mixed with other music in my player, is an excellent addition to a good night's entertainment.
B00000ILBK|4.0|I am rather surprised to see the negative reviews this film has gotten here. I thought this movie was excellent, and would rank in the upper echelon of Star Trek features. <br />What is nice about this film is the character development aspects. One of my favorite parts of Star Trek is getting to know the crew members, and my favorite episodes of both TOS and TNG are the ones in which you learn a little more about your favorite characters, not the ones that are action oriented. <br />In this film, that is essentially what we get. We get to see a relaxed, very human Picard (versus the Captain Ahab madman Picard in First Contact), the friendship between the child and Commander Data, and the (finally) rekindling of Riker and Troi's romance. <br />There is also plenty of action to satisfy that component. The scenes which the crew must shoot down the probes that are chasing the settlers are very cool and quite exciting, and the space battle (with the &quot;Riker Manuever&quot;) is also great. Granted, not as intense as the Borg battles in FC but this is an alltogether different deal. <br />There is a review that mentions a disagreement with the idea of moving 300 settlers. Firstly, I really don't take much account into a particular movie's politics, so I geuss that didn't bother me. However, I believe the movie was successful in pointing out that however beneficial the effects of the planet may be, they (the Admiral and his conspirators) were going about it in an entirely illegal fashion, so I had no problem with the feasability of that part of the story. <br />At any rate, fans ought to understand that the Next Generation movies have actually been done at a higher level of consistancy than the original series cast movies. Generations is the weaker of the four, but even that one isn't as bad as the putrid ST V, and the next three are all very, very well done. I sincerely hope that Paramount doesn't give up on this wonderful cast.
6305841861|5.0|This sequal (yes it's a sequal) to THE EVIL DEAD is great. It keeps the horror and gore of the first movie and adds a little dark humor. It's a great film for horror and comedy fans alike.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I originally saw Princess Mononoke when a friend said she had it and she wanted me to see it. I was skeptical at first but when I saw the movie I was in awe. The story is a mythological story with unforgettable images. The characters are great because they have a realistic human element. No one is truly good or evil. The townspeople of Iron town are fun. My favorite is the ex-hooker Toki (Jada Pinkett-Smith). I love this movie and I think anyone who gives it a chance could love it as much as I do.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Sarah Brightman has a voice with which you can find yourself lifted to joy or brought to tears. I listened to this cd with a friend who was totally unfamiliar with Sarah and she couldn't stop listening to it. &quot;Deliver Me&quot; is perhaps the most popular and best track while &quot;Only An Ocean Away&quot; is one very lyrically simplistic yet most moving songs on the cd. Overall a wonderful cd. I'd love to hear Sarah do a song with Delerium.
B00005JLKN|5.0|RED DRAGON is a great movie one step below SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and many steps above HANNIBAL.  Anyone who has read the Thomas Harris novel of the same name should agree with me that this remake/prequal is better than Manhunter. Although I LOVE the song Inna- gadda- da- vida, Manhunter's HIGHLY mainstream ending  is dull compared to the chilling one in RED DRAGON which shows the evil that the investigation has brought upon the family.<BR>   One scene that is much better in Manhunter is Francis watching/imagining his co-worker kissing Reba. The mix of the actions and the song &quot;Strong as I am&quot; work seamlessly You can feel this monster's pain. Basically saying, the selected songs for Manhunter are better than in Red Dragon, which is replaced by a rich, chilling score by Danny Elfman(  Batman  ).<BR>   The story works because of the connection between the characters. For example, how different is Will Graham, who relentlessly hunts serial killers, than Francis Dolarhyde who hunts families for victims. In the end, both of them are hunters and killers, so where do you draw the line? Hannibal plays as a good foil to Will. Hannibal is a serial killer trapped in a world of guards and mentals while Will lives in society tormented by killers like Hannibal on the outside! As Hannibal tells Will is the end, the killers that he caught/killed will always be with him in dreams( or nightmares )!<BR>   Anthony Hopkins is always witty and creepy to the extreme as Hannibal. I am tired of everyone saying that Graham is a miscast!  Admitting that William Peterson was better at Graham, Norton still does a good job here! His &quot;weasel&quot; way makes his character more like his Dragon advasary. The best this film has tooth offer is by far RALPH FIENNES AS THE RED DRAGON, he simply excels! His infamous character was tormented as a child, he never had a family who loved him, only a twisted grandmother!  Growing up, he became facinated with the William Blake painting called THE GREAT RED DRAGON AND THE WOMAN CLOTHED WITH THE SUN( something from REVALATIONS  ). Before you know it he is killing entire families, placing mirrors in their eyes as apart of his twisted fantasy of finally being accepted!  In the film's most famous scene, he exhibitions his grand Dragon tatoo. Later on he finally meets a woman who does not judge him... she is blind! She comes as a sort of redemption to his human side, he realizes that he was killing those families blindly without even knowing them but nothing can stop his alter ego.<BR>   And yet the DVD has a ridiculas emphasis on Hannibal! Read the book for goodness sake, he was hardly in it! These Hannibal extras should be relocated to SILENCE OF THE LAMBS or HANNIBAL DVDs. Hannibal is strickly sidekick villian in this one, this one belongs to the dragon! Francis Dalarhyde/Tooth Fairy(don't call him that!)/Red Dragon should have been on the front cover, not Hannibal. How about INSIDE THE MIND OF FRANCIS DOLARHYDE, instead. That intro to the DVD menu is awesome though, and the commentary track is informative and very humorous! The making of was also very good. <BR>   Remember,&quot;I am the DRAGON!&quot;
B00008J4P5|5.0|The sound of this album is pretty impressive when you realize that the White Stripes is composed of only two people. The range of sound is rather impressive, from simpel stripped down acoustic guitar, to a full on wall of sound created by Jack White and his near abuse of a whammy bar and an amplifier. The sound is definately bluesey, and the Stripes manage to evoke the Who and Zepellin in a few places (in fact, in a few tracks, like \\"The Air Near My Finders\\" and \\"Ball and Biscuit\\", you can almost close your eyes and hear Robert Plant singing, rather than Jack White). The sound is so diverse, that \\"There's No Home For You Here\\" conjures up early Syd Barrett fronted Pink Floyd with its etheral lyrics and psycahdelic hooks. This is definately a great down and dirty like rock and roll album. The fact that the Stripes recorded it on old school eight track equipment futher enhances the muddy sensibility and ambience of this album. Definately a must have.
0440237688|5.0|I had to read this book in school and it was one of the few books that I actually enjoyed. Another job well done by Lois Lowry.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD can be divided into two parts, really. There is the more traditional Santana world music sound, and the artist duet sound. Both are good, however, fans who only know the CD from the mainstream single &quot;Smooth&quot; are definately missing out on a lot more musical depth that is present here. Of the songs that do not have the help of any outside artists, (De La) Yaleo best showcases Santana's salsa influences and world music sensibility. Most of the duets are quite good, especially Put Your Lights On with Everlast, which has a downbeat mood to match the lyrics of the song, Love of My Life with Dave Matthews, which sounds very much like a Dave Matthews Band song guest starring Carlos Santana on the guitar, and Corazon Espinado with Mana, a great rock en Espa&ntilde;ol song. Overall, the entire CD is good, and worth owning.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I am an educated, middle aged adult who is a picky TV watcher due<BR>to lack of time and the crapy nature of TV shows on the networks.<BR>One day I picked up a local free newspaper that had a small piece<BR>about a show called \\"Firefly\\" on Fox.  I happened to be home on<BR>the Friday night in November when the origonal 2 hour pilot show was finally aired (Serenity).  I started watching it, thinking<BR>that maybe it would be more interesting than the current Trek<BR>series.  I was totally hooked from the start (intuitively). It<BR>was obvious that the cast had chemistry from the very start ( I<BR>didnt know at the time that this was the very first episode that<BR>had been filmed).  It was just as obvious that there were great<BR>possibilities in this new series.  I was totally freaked out to<BR>find that Fox had canceled the whole thing - and I never even had<BR>heard of the series (poor advertising) until I saw the last one!<BR>I later had a chance to see all of the other available episodes,<BR>and realized that progressively, the show was getting better to<BR>the point where I did not want to think that it was really gone.<BR>There were SOOOOO many good things shaping up in the series, and<BR>the cast was amazing together.  Give this series a chance on the<BR>DVD disks, and I think you will see the fresh and unique quality<BR>Firefly has.  There are fine elements of adventure, politics, humor, human psychology, and on the edge undercurrents.  I hope<BR>that there is enough support for the DVD set to give Firefly a<BR>chance in the future to see a return to TV to tell it's story!
B00006690F|5.0|The Eminem Show takes a bit of a departure from Eminem's previous work. The Slim Shady persona is gone from all but one track (&quot;Without Me&quot;, which is enjoyable, in a guilty sort of fashion), and Eminem's raps are much darker, and deeper. However, though this is the album where people rave that Eminem bares his soul about his past and family, the far more interesting material on the disc comes when Eminem raps about his relationships with the media, and society in general. It's obvious that Eminem is no dummy, he knows just how he's perceived by media and society, and what's more, he basically admits that he's carefully cultivated this image (epsecially on &quot;Without Me&quot; where he raps about how no one wants Marshall anymore, but only the Slim Shady character). This investigation into the larger than life persona has created for himself provides a lot of really rewarding material on the disc.<br />Musically, the CD is well put together, for the most part. The Aerosmith sample on &quot;Sing for the Moment&quot; doesn't necessarily fit with the rest of the vibe for the CD, but for the most part the hooks are excellent, and well produced. Lyrically, Eminem is at the top of his game. Whaever streed credit he may or may not have, he continues to prove that he is an extremely talented MC who can hold his own in the rap arena.<br />This CD is definately the best of Eminem's mainstream releases, and is of interest to anyone who would like to get inside the mind of the world's most popular rapper trying to come to grips with who and what he is.
B00006LWSF|4.0|Pretty deep record, with top notch rappers and even better beats.  Sure, Em is here, but so is the rest of the gang.  D-12, Jay Z, Obie Trice, blah blah etc etc.  Oh yeah, 50 cent.  The songs are tight for the most part, although Obie could stand to learn some new profanity.  The F word gets old, ya herd?
B000002MFE|4.0|This was a seminal performance that introduced Eric Clapton to a whole new generation of listeners, and showcased Clapton's blues roots to the rest of us. Clapton infuses a raw and honest soul into many of the songs, especially the live version of &quot;Tears in Heaven&quot; which was of course written for his son who tragically died. His unplugged version of &quot;Layla&quot; is also quite good, and many of the other tracks showcase a strong tradional blues sensibility that most Claption fans might not have always realized existed.
B00005QZWI|5.0|The fantastic arrangements on this soundtrack! Mr. Shore has certainly proved himself to be a gifted composer. I agree with previous reviewers that there are tracks here that can move the listener to tears, myself being one. It doesn't matter that some of the songs are *repetative*, I find that one can only improve upon the song each time it is played and at times I enjoy hearing the same song played with different instruments. If you are a fan of instrumental movie soundtracks this is a definate *must have* and would make a wonderful addition to any music library!
B00000DCHI|5.0|On one hand, this is a pretty straightfoward compilation of the Piano Man's radio hits. Yet, as you listen to it, a story of its own begins to emerge, full of emotion, and very much tied together under all the songs on this two disc set. This collection proves that Joel is far more than just some soft piano balladier, but that he is first and foremost a rocker who can craft songs full of meaning, emotion, social commentary, and meaning. Definately the place to start for all new Billy Joel fans.
6305907145|5.0|I am a huge fan of Jane Austen and her writing style. They always make me fall in love with all her characters, Mansfield Park included. A lot of the time when a book is made into a movie the movie is a big let down. But in the case of Mansfield Park that is not true. The movie is fun and creative and tells a tale of true love. I really recommend it if you love romantic films like me.
B00005QDW5|5.0|The strength of this compilation is that instead of creating a straightforward chronological set of radio hits and corporate rock, Pink Floyd instead create a compilation with a lot of flow that ecompasses the band's entire career, even the Syd Barrett days. Instead of a straight chronological order, the arrangement is done in a more logical fashion. Songs make sense one after another, as they explore similar themes or sounds. Overall, this is a very well put toegther Best Of compilation that both casual and hardcore Floyd listeners will enjoy.
B000067F7Q|5.0|This is an awesome CD.  Arch Enemy is one of the best metal bands around.  The guitar work is incredible, I cant say enough good things about this band.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|Its a decent soundtrack, it has a lot of high-action orchestral music, but its shorter than i expected
0486266885|3.0|Dover Publications has a curious inclination toward publishing classic masterpieces in disgraceful editions. Dover Thrift Editions, in particular, carry this tendency. These books are usually about as thin and flimsy as your everyday mousepad. While holding them, they remind you of the cheap programs you receive at baseball games or concerts - although even these programs at least *look* better than the Dover disgraces. I mean, can you honestly glance at the cover of this thing and not have an internal urge to puke?<br /><br />_The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde_ is a masterful story. I absolutely love it. But while holding this particular volume, it didn't feel masterful - it felt cheap, like a low-class mystery. Sure, the book only costs a buck, but this edition is practically blasphemous to Mr. Stevenson's good name. Have the decency to purchase a quality edition.
6304698526|4.0|The 1968 cop thriller \\"Bullitt\\" is one of those rare films where each time you see it, you get more out of it. On the surface, this film has what ranks as one of the most famous scenes in history - the classic car chase sequence between the Mustang and the Challenger. It is an absolutely brilliant, fiery montage executed to near perfection. In fact, that scene alone won \\"Bullitt\\" its well-deserved Academy Award for film editing.<br />But it's the quieter scenes repeat viewers eventually relish. These include Steve McQueen's dinner at the local coffeehouse with his lovely girlfriend (played by one of the most beautiful actresses in history Jacqueline Bissett) while funky strains of jazz play in the background. McQueen's visit to the neighborhood grocery store, where he humorously picks up a mountain of TV dinners to carry home. And of course, the classic wake-up scene where McQueen's partner (Don Gordon) rousts him out of bed while reading annoying passages from the morning newspaper.<br />McQueen's Bullitt character must rank as one of the coolest cops in cinema history. The film is over 30 years old, but even to this day McQueen's wardrobe (plaid pajamas, brown sportscoat, blue turtleneck) is timelessly hip. It's the trademark performance for this actor's remarkable career - minimal dialogue, electric presence, piercing eyes, subtle physical reactions. To study Steve McQueen, \\"Bullitt\\" must be at the top of anyone's list.<br />A San Fancisco cop, Bullitt is hired to babysit a Mafia crony for 48 hours before trial. When he's killed and an officer wounded, Bullitt sets out to investigate what he suspects is a set-up, battling political brass every step of the way. Sound familiar? Make no doubt, there would have been no \\"Dirty Harry\\" if not for the groundbreaking \\"Bullitt.\\"<br />If the scenes at the hospital and at the police station ring with a note of truth, it's because these scenes were actually filmed on location, with actual doctors, nurses and officers. \\"Bullitt's\\" attempts at realism throughout gives the film its gritty feel. The multiple camera angles, where scenes are shot through rearview mirrors, around windows and at a distance, reveals a creative, hip angle rarely seen in motion pictures today. \\"Bullitt\\" undoubtedly is a product of its time - the anti-establishment 1960s. In this case the film is better for it.<br />Director Peter Yates (who would never again make a film quite as good as \\"Bullitt\\"), deserves much of the credit. The location work, utilizing San Francisco perhaps better than any film in history, is innovative and inspired. I have always had a problem with how the villain ended up with a handgun during the final chase sequence. This character had just boarded an airplane. Did they not have metal detectors in 1968?<br />Otherwise, \\"Bullitt\\" must rank as one of the coolest, most electrifying cop films in history. Yes, it defines its era of the 1960s, but it also became the blueprint for every single cop-on-the-beat film that ever followed. \\"Dirty Harry,\\" \\"Lethal Weapon\\" and \\"The French Connection\\" owe a debt of gratitude to \\"Bullitt.\\" While I abhor sequels, I'm sad we never got to see Steve McQueen in the role of Bullitt again. It would have been interesting, to say the least.
B000066NW0|1.0|Avril Lavigne has got to be the biggest fake I have ever seen. She sits there and gathers attention and eating frosted flakes in her underpants while her \\"boys\\", or \\"hired hands\\" make all the music. Avril gets her lyrics from Scooby Doo and whatever cartoon she sits down and watches every morning.<br />If you don't agree with me, think of this -- most of her fans are whiny, screaming little 12 year olds who know nothing about music, just that Avril is so pretty and that she sings about \\"skater boi's\\" and \\"complicated\\" stuff. It's not that complicated guys, she sits back and endures her fame while the company pays people to make her music for her. We had a discussion at harmony central (a musician's board, yes I am a musician myself and I can't stand this pop icon blah) about how avril just sits back and does nothing. We've debated whether it was \\"musically adapt\\" to work as some other artist's hired hand, even if you didn't believe in the music you were told to write, and some said \\"yes\\", they would do it, because it would help them rake in some cash to get started on their own careers in the music industry. Perhaps that's what these musicians are doing, to get financially stable, so they can launch their band \\"closet monster\\" onto a major label.<br />However, there was debate about being true to your music, and that you shouldn't be performing for someone else and making music you don't FEEL, just because somebody pays you. Get a job at Wal-Mart or Delivering Pizzas, for crying out loud! A decent marshall stack will run you about $$$ but save your pennies!<br />The point of this review is to tell viewers and listeners out there that Avril isn't so magic as she seems. Most of her material was probably written by her hired hands, although I don't doubt Avril wrote a couple of the songs herself. If she could play a guitar properly, maybe she would be a better musician, but hearing about the incident at \\"MTV Unplugged\\", I can definately understand why she is such a faker. At MTV Unplugged, her \\"hired hands\\" play all of the songs and she sings (at an MTV Unplugged concert, you're supposed to play the songs yourself...she ruined tradition), and she pulls the guitar out for one song and claims to the audience \\"I .... at guitar, so don't laugh at me\\". What a joke, I mean seriously...this makes me sick that Avril Lavigne gets so much attention. What makes me more upset is that this CD has 4 1/2 stars.<br />If you want some REAL, SERIOUS music that is loaded with talent and creativity, check out Radiohead, the most talented and expiramental band I have ever encountered. The Smashing Pumpkins...how could we forget them? They're a rock icon from the 90s that will go down in history. Sigur Ros...a band that makes such beautiful music that hundreds of people have been known to break down and cry whilst listening to one of their musical masterpieces. I could go on and on...please anything but this. I'm sorry, but I'll pass on the snack crackers and the pop queen caviar.ker. At MTV Unplugged, her \\"hired hands\\" play all of the songs and she sings (at an MTV Unplugged concert, you're supposed to play the songs yourself...she ruined tradition), and she pulls the guitar out for one song and claims to the audience \\"I .... at guitar, so don't laugh at me\\". What a joke, I mean seriously...this makes me sick that Avril Lavigne gets so much attention. What makes me more upset is that this CD has 4 1/2 stars. <br />If you want some REAL, SERIOUS music that is loaded with talent and creativity, check out Radiohead, the most talented and expiramental band I have ever encountered. The Smashing Pumpkins...how could we forget them? They're a rock icon from the 90s that will go down in history. Sigur Ros...a band that makes such beautiful music that hundreds of people have been known to break down and cry whilst listening to one of their musical masterpieces. I could go on and on...please anything but this. I'm sorry, but I'll pass on the snack crackers and the pop queen caviar.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Thank you sooo much for re-releasing this movie on DVD!  This is one of the best movies ever made.  I highly recommened it if you're into drugs, violence and all things 80's.  I have rented this movie enough times to buy 20 DVD's!  Thank you for finally allowing me a chance to purchase it!
B00000JCOV|2.0|please. any band that has 9 members and STILL sounds this bad doesn't deserve to be on a record label. The band has a few guitarists, all downtuned to like drop B to make it sound wickedly low, and they probably all use the Boss Metal Zone or the DOD Death Metal (LOL!) two HIGHLY overrated pedals for metalbangers that sound like pure sludge.<br />This band also has two drummers. what's up with that? sure, it's original, and it sounds halfway decent, but if you couldn't pick up a decent drummer in the first place, do you think that two horrible drummers will make up for one decent one? and the facepaint...Kiss was back in the 70s, dudes. You're not making a fashion statement, and you sure as sunshine don't play 70s rock.<br />I'm giving it two stars because there is some decent material on here. I used to be a huge slipknot fan back in the day, but now I've figured out that ripping the listener's heads off with offensive lyrics and constant screaming mixed with shoddy drumming and downtuned guitars just doesn't do it for me. Please, get yourself some clapton records and do your math. REAL music is music that you don't hear on the radio. REAL music is the stuff that doesn't have grinding guitars with your distortion up to 3 o' clock. With REAL music, you can actually hear the lyrics and comprehend them! YES!!! lyrics you can actually hear! Amazing, huh? Have a nice day.
0743442539|5.0|This is the finest, and from what I can gather, most accurate and detailed fictional account of a spy during the Cold War that is available. For those that dont mind the lack of Clancy-like ( aka unreal) additions of &quot;high profile assasinations&quot; etc, this novel can give you so much pleasure from its masterfull twists and turns, as well as its desire to stay true to reality, and in doing so help the reader understand the period in which it is supposed to take place. The best story I have ever read. Period.
B000089RVX|5.0|First of all (before I describe how astonishing this album is) I want to say that Evanescence is NOT like Linkin Park. I don't know where the similarities come from...anyone whose listened to the album long enough would agree.<br />Ok, this CD is GENIUS! Amy Lee (lead vocals) truly has such an astonishing voice that she draws the listener into each song. You literaly get lost in this band's music. I've purchased the CD in April 2003. There was not a day that which I did not listen to it!<br />The lyrics are incredibly deep, the vocals are astonishing, and the musical arrangement is truly unique. There is nothing else that I can say!  <br />Please do me a favor and ignore all the bashing of this band and see for yourself.
630157401X|5.0|Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade takes you on a wonderful adventure, packed with chases, gun battles, fisticuffs, and astounding stunts.  It's every bit as fun as its predecessors, and maybe even a better film overall than Raiders of the Lost Ark.
1573229725|5.0|This book grabbed me from the start, and I read the first couple of hundred pages eagerly.  After that, I read the rest of it *feverishly*.  Wow.
