B000W8OM5Y|2.0|Lush? Yes. Slick? Yes. Historically accurate? Waaaaayyyy NO! Too Violent? WAAAAAAY YES!!!    I Love Mel Gibson. But his real talent seems to be realistic looking gore and who needs that?? I don't. I just don't need to entertain myself watching someone build an argument for a violent campaign of revenge and bathing in blood. Who knows who will build some argument in their heart like him and go postal, unloading on the innocent, unknowing public.    And Mr. Gibson is having his own crisis personally. Perhaps he doesn't need to be submerged in violence either....  Poe.
B0017KP93U|3.0|I am completely bias- just thought I should come out and say that.  I have some issues with this complied 2disc collection...  1. Radiohead did not release this work   2. Radiohead did not pick the songs  3. Radiohead did not select the order of the songs.(this collections does not flow well at all- unlike their albums do)  4. Their albums were not equally represented  5. MAJOR/IMPORTANT SONGS ARE MISSING!!!    Although the songs jump around from album to album-decade to decade, this 2disc collection would be a good start for someone who is a new fan of radiohead to get a feel for the band.  But if you don't have OK Computer- you need to get your hands on it whether or not you buy this cd- DO IT.    If you are already a radiohead snob (as you should be) this cd is a waste of time- and you (should) already have all of this music.
0141439580|3.0|It was a good book, but older writing styles are hard for me to get used to. I liked the characters, but the movie ruined it for me. ALWAYS read the book before you see the movie.
B0000646UN|5.0|Today I when into my local book store and saw a DVD on top of some old books call \\"Talvisota\\". I bought for $4.99 cause it looked like a war movie (which I like). I looked it up on this website. Apparently, this is a very good film. Also, my version is (which is foreign) is a much longer film than the one listed on this website. The one on this website is 125 minutes (2 hours) were as my copy says on the back that it is 3 hours and 11 minutes long. So apparently there are 2 copies of this film available.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD is AWESOME!  The workout is really works.  I work up a sweat every time.  This DVD is for people who have been working out for a while and want a challenge.
B000RG1FMO|2.0|I will always enjoy Kanye for his artistry, but unfortunately this album just falls short. The songs have no replay value and his beats & lyricism are becoming predictable. Hopefully his fourth release will be much more enjoyable.
B0013FDM7E|4.0|Although I'm a fan of Richard Matheson's work, I have yet to read his novel, I AM LEGEND.<br /><br />I also haven't seen the first movie version with Vincent Price called THE LAST MAN ON EARTH.  I saw the cult favorite THE OMEGA MAN with Charlton Heston years and years ago but I think I'll read the book and then watch that one again.  And maybe this one again.<br /><br />This third version, thankfully keeping Matheson's great title, is well-made and entertaining but I thought the first half was stronger than the second half.  I liked Will Smith in I, ROBOT and he does a great job here as well, playing a dogged scientist hunting in an eerily empty New York City by day and searching for a cure to the plague virus by night.  (Years ago it had been announced that Arnold Schwarzenegger would play in this--imagine Dr. Arnold as a gov't scientist!)<br /><br />The zombie/vampires were creepy enough but they were obviously computer generated.  I wished there had been more personality given to them and more personal conflict between Smith and the monsters (a relationship between the lead monster and a female monster Smith abducts to experiment on is hinted at but never developed any further).<br /><br />Still, some great shots of NYC standing empty, overrun by weeds and deer.<br /><br />(Now I'll have to read the novel.  Without knowing the original story, I liked this movie version).
B0014I4KIK|2.0|From all of the talk, I expected a lot more. Mercy was never a good song to me, but after hearing Warwick Avenue bought the CD. The music is good, but lyrics are extremely lacking in quantity. It seems more songs repeat the same words over and over again like Mercy and there is no soul to them. If Duffy gets better material, I think she could be fantastic, never an Amy Winehouse, but more than a couple of hits wonder.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|Nothing horrible here but nothing outstanding. I have listened to the album a couple of times but there is still nothing that demands an immediate replay. Previous efforts have been stronger and more suited to their pop/rock style. Viva has a generic \\"world music\\" sound that I find to be anything but progressive. The ablum is worth a listen but I doubt it will stay in the rotation.
B00140PK6O|5.0|I read Cranford several years ago and found it to be a quiet book, about ordinary people who exhibited extraodinary kindness.  I was touched by the love and commitment the circle of women friends, in this small town, shared with each other.  The movie is fleshed out by the addition of two other of Elizabeth Gaskells' book into the story line, but remains consistent to the theme of the book by reminding us  that friendship is priceless.  Needless to say, Judi Dench  is nothing short of perfection in her role as Miss Matty, but the rest of the cast are brilliant  as well.  I started to watch this on a rented netflix dvd and before the first episode was over had ordered my own copy.
B000RJO578|2.0|This movie started with great promise and ended with considerable disappointment. I thought I was in for a bout of dry British humor and satire. But the plot got wilder and wilder, weirder and weirder and less and less funny. It ended in total unreality with a welter of comic-book violence. It was also way too long. Someone should have told the director that sometimes less is more.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|The new Judas Priest album Nostradamus is a masterpiece !! As it has been said quite a few times now, it's not your typical metal headbanging album... But JP are known for evolving from one album to another, and that's exactly what they did here. Having said that, this album has quite a few great metal moments with songs such as Persecution, Pestilence & Plague with its chorus snug in italian or the now famous Nostradamus, but most of the songs are awesome mid-tempos... The beginning of the album is really impressive with Prophecies, Revelations, then the grandiloquent War, which makes you feel as if you were in the middle of a battle field. My personal favourite, Death, comes next and sees JP making an almost Doom song... There are a lot of very beautiful and full of emotion prelude or songs such as Exiled, Alone which are sung by a Rob Halford in top of his form, even if he doesn't sing in such a high register as before.    Even if it's 1H40 long, you can't help yourself to listen to this piece again and again, and hear a lot of new things each time !! One thing is sure, JP just made a perfect concept album, with great writing, solos, lyrics and the voice of the Metal God !!
0156421178|5.0|he's realy got an amazing way of turning a phrase.  if you are at all interested in the Spanish Civil War this book is a great introduction.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|The new Judas Priest album Nostradamus is a masterpiece !! As it has been said quite a few times now, it's not your typical metal headbanging album... But JP are known for evolving from one album to another, and that's exactly what they did here. Having said that, this album has quite a few great metal moments with songs such as Persecution, Pestilence & Plague with its chorus snug in italian or the now famous Nostradamus, but most of the songs are awesome mid-tempos... The beginning of the album is really impressive with Prophecies, Revelations, then the grandiloquent War, which makes you feel as if you were in the middle of a battle field. My personal favourite, Death, comes next and sees JP making an almost Doom song... There are a lot of very beautiful and full of emotion prelude or songs such as Exiled, Alone which are sung by a Rob Halford in top of his form, even if he doesn't sing in such a high register as before.    Even if it's 1H40 long, you can't help yourself to listen to this piece again and again, and hear a lot of new things each time !! One thing is sure, JP just made a perfect concept album, with great writing, solos, lyrics and the voice of the Metal God !!
B0000DJZ8R|5.0|This movie is fantastic, especially if you start to feel a little bit cocky or troubled.  To see what our grandparents and great-grandparents lived through, the struggles they faced, puts our complaints into perspective.
B00132D808|5.0|This album is as good as the first if not better. They have really shown Brendan's vocal capacity. Their last album was very up beat and Las Vegas fast pace with the lights and show. It was like you were in a circus. This album they explore new sounds that compare to the Beatles, The Beach Boys and other legends. They have taken folk music and made it folk rock.
0143038419|1.0|The friend who lent me this book worried that I might not love it as much as she does, because I'm a guy and it has a feminine focus.<br /><br />A few pages in, I began to see what my friend meant, but I'm flexible. OK, so I find someone who hated being married to her husband, for reasons she declines to share, and who could not sustain the next relationship either. So she takes off to spend a year abroad to find herself -- leaving the rest of us, who have also had our problems, to imagine it must be nice to have such options. No need to speculate: She's going to tell us.<br /><br />The first third of the narrative, which has her flitting about in Italy, is the best. It's travel writing, which she does well. I especially enjoyed her description of devouring the world's best pizza in Naples. I think that page or two almost justifies the whole thing. Then, quite abruptly, she changes gears and is soon chanting for hours on end at an ashram in India. She dwells on her difficulty with fitting in there, and in fact the image she gives us -- of a rather thick-headed novice in the company of more advanced souls -- reminds me of those Carlos Castaneda books that were popular in the 1970s. Then she's on to Indonesia to see another spiritual guide, but by this time celibacy is becoming a burden. The story concludes with her in a new, happier relationship and the promise of a sequel that will tell us all about it.<br /><br />My friend, to whom I must now return this book, pointed out that the author is on Time Magazine's list of the 100 most influential people. On the basis of this book, I cannot imagine why. Is this self-absorption really what our society finds influential? Surely my failure to connect with it isn't just because I'm male?<br /><br />But a comparison is in order. Before finishing this one, I began reading a very different travel memoir, [[ASIN:0792263650 Cold Beer and Crocodiles: A Bicycle Journey into Australia (Adventure Press)]]; and quite frankly I'm enjoying it much more. Why? Because that author remains focused on the landscape he's moving through and the people he encounters. He makes them attractive in their own right rather than as resources that might enhance or validate or soothe his personal needs. Is that difference due to gender, or Gilbert's privilege and narcissism?<br /><br />Getting to a good space in life, finding inner peace, finding that special person -- this is important stuff. And I think Gilbert could have had a much better book with the right editing. She should have let someone tell her about the points where she starts to sound loony. As an example, I was brought to a complete halt by her gratuitous observation that \\"the Taliban and the Christian Coalition continue to fight out their international trademark war over who owns the rights to the word God.\\" Not only was that unrelated to her story, but it's simply untrue: Nobody is fighting the Taliban in order to spread Christianity. But every now and then she takes these little pot-shots at the U.S. -- or our government at least -- just as she does at the husband she deserted -- without justifying them. The reader is apparently expected to take those observations as a given. What I've taken away from the book is that the author is so alienated and spoiled that, no matter where she goes in the world, she sees only herself.hat author remains focused on the landscape he's moving through and the people he encounters. He makes them attractive in their own right rather than as resources that might enhance or validate or soothe his personal needs. Is that difference due to gender, or Gilbert's privilege and narcissism?    Getting to a good space in life, finding inner peace, finding that special person -- this is important stuff. And I think Gilbert could have had a much better book with the right editing. She should have let someone tell her about the points where she starts to sound loony. As an example, I was brought to a complete halt by her gratuitous observation that \\"the Taliban and the Christian Coalition continue to fight out their international trademark war over who owns the rights to the word God.\\" Not only was that unrelated to her story, but it's simply untrue: Nobody is fighting the Taliban in order to spread Christianity. But every now and then she takes these little pot-shots at the U.S. -- or our government at least -- just as she does at the husband she deserted -- without justifying them. The reader is apparently expected to take those observations as a given. What I've taken away from the book is that the author is so alienated and spoiled that, no matter where she goes in the world, she sees only herself.
B000ETDW16|5.0|Armageddon when first released and viewed by the mass media was slated for it's unrealistic setting but was praised for its entertainment value. It's one of those movies that if you're going into it looking for scientific inconsistencies then you could genuinely write a novel on them, but if you're going into the movie looking to be entertained for over 2 hours then it will certainly deliver what you want. Ben Affleck, Bruce Willis, Steve Buscemi, Owen Wilson, the list goes on and on for really big name actors that helped generate the high box office takings and give us one hell of a reason to come out of the movie theatres smiling from ear to ear. The chemistry between Bruce Willis and Liv Tyler who played his daughter in the film was something to enjoy in itself but the alternate chemistry between Affleck and Willis was also something to really enjoy as Willis would constantly insult and chase Affleck away from his daughter.<br /><br />The plot outline is simple, an Asteroid is heading towards Earth and if it hits it will destroy mankind as we know it, so a team of oil drillers must be sent up to the Asteroid to drill a hole in the Asteroid and plant a Nuclear device in the middle to destroy the Asteroid. The sub-plot is also simple, Harry Stamper (Willis) is the worlds best oil driller and while working on an oil rig his daughter Grace (Tyler) is in a secret relationship with A.J. Tyler (Affleck) but even with the dangerous risk of Harry finding out the love is destined to survive whether Harry likes it or not. When being requested by the NASA Administrator Dan Truman Harry would only agree to take part in the mission if the only people in the world he trusted could come with him, they only happen to be some of Americas biggest misfits.<br /><br />The side characters including Buscemi, Michael Clarke Duncan & Owen Wilson really give us the comic relief of this movie and along with come of the more saddening scenes they have the ability to lift us up with their antics. Billy Bob Thornton plays his role as Dan Truman, the tortured soul with a broken dream well and puts the stamp of this character in our minds.<br /><br />The CGI and other huge settings are great and make it at times over the top and yet they come across as realistic and cool. This is a genuinely fun movie but is something that in order for you to enjoy it you need to leave your brain at the door and just enjoy the swearing and destruction.Thornton plays his role as Dan Truman, the tortured soul with a broken dream well and puts the stamp of this character in our minds.    The CGI and other huge settings are great and make it at times over the top and yet they come across as realistic and cool. This is a genuinely fun movie but is something that in order for you to enjoy it you need to leave your brain at the door and just enjoy the swearing and destruction.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|This is a huge undertaking but all of the songs sound the same. Every Prelude to the main theme songs sound exactly the same and the theme songs are very forgettable. I hate to say that there is nothing musically going on here. There is nothing that resembles a Judas Priest song except the second to last song \\"Nostrodamus\\" which Rob, KK and Glenn really sink their teeth into with some searing guitar and intense vocals (somewhat like the studio tracks on \\"Live Insurrection\\") but this is no excuse to buy this album. All they basically do on this album is tell the tale of Nostradamus and they totally forget about the music. The intensity is less than satisfactory. The songwriting is lost. Even Rob sounds like he's asleep. I would have much rather heard a new Judas Priest album. \\"Angel of Retribution\\" is a hundred times better than this album as far as the songwriting, intensity, diversity and musicality is concerned. This album is going to be forgot very fast. I'm disappointed, this could be the last Priest album.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Yes there's some creative license used here and there, but honestly I think those things just enhanced the experience.  I am a long time Jane Eyre fan and have read the book every single year since 1983. I've watched every video to come out about that book.   I liked the version with Timothy Dalton, but this one with Toby Stephens just blew me away. I can't image anyone out-doing this version of Jane Eyre.  The actor playing Mr. Rochester did such a great job and the girl playing Jane Eyre was perfect!   I have owned this video for about a month now. I have watched it 5 times. It is 4 hours long. Need I say more?
B00001QEE9|5.0|The first time my Carmen saw this movie she was mesmerized, just like I remember seeing it for the first time. She loves Jimminie Cricket. This was one of my own mother's favorite movie, and she is named after my mom, and to see her little face light up, that was a real treasure and treat.
1595141715|5.0|When I was a young adult, the literary world was shattered by the 1964 publication of I Never Promised You a Rose Garden and the 1972 release of Go Ask Alice. Both were important books dealing with mental health and drugs. Now, for the first time since these two novels there is a new book that should receive the same attention and accolades: Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher. Like its predecessors, Thirteen Reasons tackles a harrowing issue that is impacting young adults from coast to coast. In this novel, Asher tackles teenage suicide.    Hannah Baker has been dead for two weeks. She took a bunch of pills and died. That's all her classmates really know. Having relocated from another town, her parents take her body and return to that unnamed location. No funeral leaves her classmates drifting and wondering what really happened to Hannah.    But Hannah didn't just die. She made thirteen cassette tapes that illustrate why she wanted to die. Each tape names a person or event as to why life seemed so hopeless to the high school girl. Actually, Hannah makes two sets of tapes. One she leaves with a person she knows will give them to the media if the thirteen people on her list do not listen to them.    When the book opens, Clay Jensen has just received the tapes. Clay had had a crush on Hannah, but as young people often do, he never followed up until the two were at a party one night.    Thirteen Reasons Why is also unusual in that it has a double narration. Readers get to hear every word that Clay hears and is then privy to Clay's reactions. Both voices are distinctive and masterful, especially given this is a debut novel for author Asher.    I found this novel haunting, unpredictable, and simply un-put-down-able. It's an average length-288 pages- but is a fast read. And believe it or not, Thirteen Reasons Why has an uplifting ending.    Armchair Interviews says: This book is a must read for middle and high school students and their parents.
B0001I561E|5.0|My 2 year old granddaughter loves this movie. She sings along to most of the movie. She is saying all the words too.
0446402389|5.0|Child 44 begins in January of 1933 and sets forth the plight of the people in Russia who were starving to death. When one has never really gone hungry it is just very difficult to imagine what a person would go through to feed themselves and their families.    The book jumps forward to 1953 where we meet Leo Demidov and learn about his work in the MGB, the State Security Force-both the perks and the downside    The story is about a serial killer who stalks and kills young children in a very violent manner. Some time goes by before anyone realizes that there really is a killer at large. The victims are usually found near railroad tracks, and there have been victims in numerous towns. But Russia did not have the communication between departments or even a homicide department where the information is shared from one place to another.    People have been caught, accused and put to death in order to solve one of these murders because that is the goal in the Russian official's mind--just to charge someone and close the case.    Not until Leo Demidov who is an agent for MGB, the State Security Force, falls out of favor with his superiors and is demoted does he realize the extent of these killings. His efforts to find the murderer put not only his life in danger but the life of his wife and anyone who is willing to help.    The hunt for the serial killer is very exciting and you will find yourself holding your breath many times. The background of life in Russia during the reign of Stalin is quite revealing and made me very, very thankful that I was born and raised in the United States.    Armchair Interviews says: A 5-star read.
0060254920|5.0|His mother called him \\"WILD THING!\\" Max is sent to bed without eating anything. He sails off into a far away land where is becomes the King of the wild things.<br /><br />As a child, I was afraid of what could be under the bed or in the closet. My mom used to read this book to me and told me that there are no monsters under the bed or in the closet and that I have to sail to far away land to see one. As a dad, I read this book in the same message.<br /><br />Some criticize this book as being too scary for little one I think it's a good way of showing that there is nothing to fear. Besides these monsters are almost adorable compared to what kids see at a shopping center<br /><br />The illustrations have become such a classic that almost every kids monster characters can be trace back to this. From the opening of the page kids will feel like there is something familiar about it and be drawn in.<br /><br />The story ends with Max returning to find his supper waiting for him. A nice touch to show mothers love.
B001AQWC2C|2.0|I'll just say that I don't think this is Priest's best work--not by a long shot.  The overall feel of the album is kind of boring: the tempo has been brought down greatly from previous works.  THis would probably be best used as background music will you go do something else.  However, that is not to say that it's all bad.  There are a few standout tracks- including Revelations and the eponymous Nostradamus.  And while the concept may seem interesting, it sort of falls flat.    Bottom line: this album can get pretty boring pretty fast.  If you like that stuff, then by all means go off and enjoy it.  But this is not a selection for the hardcore Priest fans.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|I remember loving Offspring when I was in high school, so I was excited when I heard they had a new cd coming out.  I've listened to it a few times online, plus once after I bought the cd, and I have to say that I like it.  It may not be the best album I've ever heard, maybe not even my favorite Offspring cd, but it's still a good one and definitely worth a listen.  The style on most of the songs is a little different than what it used to do, but for me it fits in perfectly with the changes in my musical tastes in the years since their last cd.
B000GIXEIG|5.0|Wife bought movie - fan of Gerard Butler - enjoyed movie - Gerard Butler made the movie.
0316143472|4.0|Avid readers of [[ASIN:B00005N7T5 The New Yorker]] may be disappointed to find most of the stories here are reprints from past issues of the magazine. That's why it's a good thing that David Sedaris' essays hold up to repeated readings. The intentionally awkward title of the renowned humorist's latest collection of stories - 22 in total - comes from a list of fire escape instructions he found in his Japanese hotel room, a country to which he had traveled to stop smoking. His adventure is detailed in one of his more thoughtful accounts, \\"The Smoking Section\\", a near-novella at 83 pages. In typical form, Sedaris describes his addiction to candid zingers, but he becomes more contemplative once he does stop smoking and journeys to Tokyo to find his comic muse again, whether it's attending a language class, reading labels at the supermarket, or scraping the fecal matter off his shoe. The essay turns serious in Hiroshima where he visits the Peace Museum, which I agree is a tortuous exhibit to see for the visual devastation you see after the A-bomb hit the city. The net effect of his approach enhances the depth of his storytelling even if the laughs are not as forthcoming.<br /><br />Aside from his smoke-enders story, some of the others run longer than the author's usual length. A good example is \\"That's Amore\\", a twenty-plus-page story he shares about a particularly cranky New York neighbor named Helen. There are laughs to be found, especially as he searches for her dentures in the shrubs below her window. However, he delves more deeply into the details of this surprising friendship rather than reaching for the next funny anecdote, and the story becomes more poignant than funny when the elderly Helen falls ill. A more familiar Sedaris can be found in \\"Solution to Saturday's Puzzle\\" in which he describes a flight to Raleigh on which he encounters a most difficult passenger who is the very definition of high maintenance. He makes a familiar situation purely his own, and as someone who regales in his acute observations of the human condition at its worst, Sedaris takes special delight in tormenting his fellow flyer no matter how inadvertently.<br /><br />The rest of his essays are more typical of what we expect from Sedaris, running the gamut from his parents' efforts to become art collectors in \\"Adult Figures Charging Toward a Concrete Toadstool\\" to life in the French countryside with his partner of nine years, set designer Hugh Hamrick. Hugh figures prominently in \\"Keeping Up\\", which exposes the author's innate haplessness in social situations and how he appreciates his partner even more as someone he truly cannot live without. I also particularly liked \\"Crybaby\\", a brief account of another airplane trip in which the author meets a grieving widower, watches a Chris Rock movie and is suddenly reminded of his own childhood forty years ago. Other episodes have him buying drugs in a mobile home in rural North Carolina, recalling a nasty babysitter named Mrs. Peacock who made children scratch her back with a plastic monkey hand; buying Hugh a human skeleton for Christmas, and responding to old people who don't act their age but still feel entitled to have his seat on the bus. Not as seamless or laugh-out-loud as [[ASIN:B0015UXNIU Me Talk Pretty One Day]], my personal favorite of his collections, this book shows a mellower Sedaris still good for a sharp quip but looking a little further past his next line.who regales in his acute observations of the human condition at its worst, Sedaris takes special delight in tormenting his fellow flyer no matter how inadvertently.    The rest of his essays are more typical of what we expect from Sedaris, running the gamut from his parents' efforts to become art collectors in \\"Adult Figures Charging Toward a Concrete Toadstool\\" to life in the French countryside with his partner of nine years, set designer Hugh Hamrick. Hugh figures prominently in \\"Keeping Up\\", which exposes the author's innate haplessness in social situations and how he appreciates his partner even more as someone he truly cannot live without. I also particularly liked \\"Crybaby\\", a brief account of another airplane trip in which the author meets a grieving widower, watches a Chris Rock movie and is suddenly reminded of his own childhood forty years ago. Other episodes have him buying drugs in a mobile home in rural North Carolina, recalling a nasty babysitter named Mrs. Peacock who made children scratch her back with a plastic monkey hand; buying Hugh a human skeleton for Christmas, and responding to old people who don't act their age but still feel entitled to have his seat on the bus. Not as seamless or laugh-out-loud as [[ASIN:B0015UXNIU Me Talk Pretty One Day]], my personal favorite of his collections, this book shows a mellower Sedaris still good for a sharp quip but looking a little further past his next line.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|Wife bought movie - fan of Gerard Butler - wonderful movie- Gerard Butler - wonderful-
0143038583|4.0|I read this along side his new book and parts of it reminded me of a really dry [[ASIN:B0002OXVBO Super Size Me]] or [[ASIN:1600200435 The Evolution Diet]], but there's a good moral here: Don't let some stupid government program based on the war machine dictate what you should eat. Instead, eat natural foods if you can afford and/or procure them. I was a big fan of the Saltins when reading the book- funny characters!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Product was delivered promply as always with Amazon.  Arrived as promised,and very happy with the DVD's.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I'm not a hopeless romantic, but I loved this film. THe direction and acting were solid and the cinematography were brilliant. I generally love historical fiction and though it wasn't historical when it was written, P&P takes the cake as a historical fiction film- learn about England society150 years ago and become a romantic again.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This was a delightful movie and has become one of my new favorites.  For the Jane Austen DVD viewer and reader, this will be a joy! The actors are well suited for their characters and their performances are very sound. It is a bit longer than the usual tale, but well worth it. If you are a fan of BBC films, this is a definate must.
B000002LK1|5.0|This album has aged extremely well.It sounds as fresh as the first time I heard it 1989. Every track is excellent and  and there is no filler. I usually don't listen to whole albums, but this was the exception.I strongly recommend it.It is by far the best Depeche Mode album.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|It's been eight years since I bought a Coldplay album. My first was their debut, 'Parachutes'. Since then, I skipped 'A Rush of Blood to the Head' even though I've already heard the majority of the songs from either TV or radio. It was after 'A Rush of Blood' that Coldplay became a huge success crossing over into the mainstream while still managing to please fans of the indie crowd. I skipped 'XY' too when I had heard some valley girl say that Coldplay was her favorite band. After that I became quite anti-Coldplay and just listed them as sell-outs. My snobbiness got the best of me then, and I am proud to say that I have reunited with Coldplay via 'Viva La Vida'.    I'm reading a lot of review saying that this album is such a departure. I have to somewhat disagree. Besides the first instramental intro track, the rest of 'Vida' or 'Death' is pretty much what you'd expect from Coldplay. The music is beautiful and opulent and with only a mere nine tracks to its name, that right there is saying a lot. '42' is a great example. It's starts off soft and slow, \\"Those who are dead are not dead. They're just living in my head.\\" and then it builds up to a grandiose spectacle with, \\"You thought you might be a ghost! You didn't get to heaven but you made it close.\\" 'Lost!' is also a big track that will fill any large arena wonderfully. Both songs are brilliantly realized and initiated.    However, it was the the cinematic luminosity of 'Viva La Vida' that really grabbed my attention. I'm a sucker for orchestrated songs, and when they are as good as this one is, I'm in heaven which is what this song sounds like, pure heaven. It's simply ravishing!    Other key songs that add to the album's cohesiveness are 'Lovers in Japan' and 'Yes' though the album as a whole really fits nicely together.    Those who might expect something different (experimental) or perhaps even revolutionary just by glancing at the cover art (great cover by the way), may be disapointed. The album's not at allas violent as it's cover suggests rather it likely suggests a combination of worldly art. However, 'Viva La Vida' isn't really a far-fetched/experimental concept compared to Coldplay's previous albums. It's still a good album that does paint a pretty picture.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|This is an absolute 5 star debut. Ten great songs from a sixties style songstress with British flair.
0671449028|5.0|We love this book (well all of her books!) and this one has been many a gift for friends and family!  We read it every night and our older son can quote it word for word now!
B0014127BO|4.0|I like this album.  Sound-wise it's along the same lines as 'Room Service' and 'On a Day Like Today', both of which I liked a lot.  It's less rockin' than his earlier stuff, more soft rock/adult contemporary.  And, once again, the weakest part is his lyrics.  Not very sophisticated or surprising.  I think by this time, you either like him or you don't.  I've been a fan since early on.
0618918248|4.0|Although this book was a bit winded, it for the most part sailed through all the usual arguments that we atheists have in our beliefs ( or lack there-of) towards a \\"God\\" (do you still have to capitalize that word when it doesn't mean anything to you).    I must say that I think I have read enough about Darwinism. I would like to hear what a few astrophysysicts have to say on the matter.    Anyway, good read but be prepared some really long, boardering on run-on, sentences.
B000VWE5OY|5.0|The show is fast, will acted and has PLOT lines that are not transparent.  It means that I don't know the plot at the start!  In addition it seems to be thought out well, with connections to current new science.  Bascaly an interesting set of shows worth a second viewing.
0452289963|5.0|I find the first chapter too deep to comprehend at first and I almost put down the book. Then I heard other people made the same comment in Oprah's show but kept on reading and said that it gets better. And it sure did. I am glad that I did not gave up on the book. Watching Oprah's class with Eckhart Tolle online [...] not only helps in understanding each chapter more, it is also enchance the inspiration to be awaken.
0743290119|1.0|In the end, the joke is on me. I have read all of Lauren Weisberger's books and haven't found one of them to be worth her advance (I don't even want to know...). The story of the Devil Wears Prada was interesting, but for God's sake, the writing was atrocious.     I don't know why I bothered picking up the other two as they were just as horrible with an even crappier story. How this woman continues to write such vapid characters and has an editor who lets her get away with it is beyond me.    I wish I hadn't wasted my time, or money, on Chasing Harry Winston as it's hands down the worst of her books. The writing, as another reviewer stated, doesn't flow at all. There were times that I was sure the pages had stuck together and I'd missed something as there was no logical way she'd gone from point A to point B. The characters were flat and I could barely muster any enthusiasm for their stories.    In addition, there were times that I actually wondered if certain companies had paid for product placement in this book as the dropping of brands and websites seemed to not have any relevance to the (lack of) story.     In the end, the book fell completely flat, like Weisberger whipped it out on the way to a much more important spa appointment. That's the last time I read one of her books for sure.
B0009DBXXG|4.0|Loved watching the rehearsal process in the video! The singers being opera stars have very different voices than are usual for this style of \\"Broadway show tunes\\". Wish they had identified by name the orchestra members and chorus. They are all terrific! The conflicts between Maestro Bernstein and Jose Careras were amusing to watch, though I know it wasn't funny for them! Enjoyed seeing the producers and engineers at work, too. Both \\"I Feel Pretty\\" and \\"Gee, Officer Krupke\\" are stunningly beautiful and hilarious. It is fascinating to think that four gay, Jewish men came up with this astounding, macho, and even violent \\"Romeo & Juliet\\"- inspired musical about gang rivalries between Italians and Puerto Ricans in New York. Great stuff!
0790729377|5.0|There is really not much one can add by way of commenting on the magnificence of Miss Leigh's performance here. Perhaps Mr. Williams said it best when he told her that she brought aspects of Blanche's character to the surface, that he, himself never imagined.     That is not in any way to minimize the interpretations of Jessica Tandy, (who originated the role on Broadway) or, of Judith Evelyn, (and Miss Evelyn must have been superb as, in a sense, she too, was born to play Blanche.)    And despite the superb musical score, art direction, and performances of the rest of the cast, this is Miss Leigh's picture.     Blanche's complexity defies easy analysis. Does she represent the collapse of the Old South? (yes to a degree) but, more particularly, she represents a type of lady, (which Mr. Williams knew well and whom the feminists would prefer no longer existed--but in fact does--and not just south of the Mason Dixon line) who requires the protection and security of the plantation culture from which she sprang.     One can easily imagine her on the shaded portico of Belle Rive, in gauzy chiffons, and protected by a gallant (though tolerant) husband, while she spends her days enrapt in the dream world which so enthralls her.     Indeed, one may see her as the \\"flip-side\\" of Scarlett O'Hara--this time the Southern Belle who didn't triumph--how fascinating that the same actress played both roles.    Perhaps Blanche was not destined to triumph but she is far from being a fool. Notice how Williams cannily has her refer to Hawthorne and Poe, not to mention her having been to college. Then, too, a seemingly minor, but very telling detail is her wearing of reading glasses.     Yes, she represents the world of the intellect and the world of culture. Who else, for pity's sake, in that crumbling tenement would have any idea what she means in her reference to \\"Della Robbia blue...\\"?    Certainly not Stella, about whom Thornton Wilder rightly carped, does not seem in any way to be from the same lineage as Blanche, her temperement not at all in keeping with the daughter of an aristocratic house, (not even a renegade daughter who realizes she is slumming, and knows why she crossed over the bridge).     Indeed, excellent actress though she is, Kim Hunter is far too proletariat to believe as ever having been a part of Belle Rive, and seems quite at home with Stanley.     However, we musn't make too much of this, since she was in the original, and Mr. Williams in using Miss Hunter, seems to be saying something profound about the differences between her and Blanche, (note the facial expressions Blanche makes whenever Stella speaks admiringly of Stanley--particularly at the bowling alley--it's clear that Stella's temperament baffles her.)     Then there is their respective choice of mates (which speaks volumes), for Blanche, a sensitive poet, for Stella, the cretinous Stanley. It's too bad that we don't even get to see a photograph of Blanche's deceased husband, Allan, which might have served as an interesting visual contrast.      All of which suggests, these two sisters really don't seem to understand each other very well, and their mutual attempts to come to terms with what they do share, constitutes some of the film's most touching passages.     And Blanche for all of her imagined, and/or real superiority is a woman with a stained past--for she has fallen too, though as Miss Leigh herself averred, these lapses with soldiers and 17 year olds had little to do with the corporeal, and everything to do with the search for security and protection. For Blanche, and when seen through the unreal pink light of a Chinese lantern, even a callow teenage boy can become her knight in shining armor.    For his part, Mr. Brando is very effective, though his character is painted with a very broad brush, and it is a testament to his talent, that his Stanley avoids caricature, (though at times he comes uncomfortably close, seeming to anticipate Archie Bunker). Nonetheless, some of his lines are both priceless and hilarious, \\"...I met a dame once who said 'I am the glamorous type' I said, 'So what!'...\\"    A splendid though shattering film. Kudos to all involved.
B00006LLLN|5.0|Awesome is the only way to describe this CD.  Alison and company are brilliant musicians and vocalists.  Every song is finely crafted.  When Alison sings, it lifts my heart.  \\"Beautiful\\" does not begin to describe it.
B00000269M|3.0|Advertisement promises no scratches on CD. Not so, there are many blimishes on item, but it plays.
B00008RH3L|5.0|If you haven't seen this film, you've missed one of the best gangster flicks of all time !  The story-line has more twists and turns than a roller-coaster and some of the best scenes and dialouge you'll find.  Outstanding performances by Gabriel Byrne (Tom), Albert Finney (Leo), Marcia Gay Harden & John Tuturro.  If you can figure out where this one's going to end more than 15 minutes before the actual ending, I'll eat my hat !!! This is one of those movies you'll be talking about with your friends for days afterward (and repeating lines from the movie too).  One of my favorite movies of the last 20 years (1990).
B0006L16N8|4.0|I think this is an all-around great album.  There is something about \\"Fix You\\" that makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up.  Of course, there is also \\"Speed of Sound\\" and \\"The Hardest Part,\\" which seemed to be the biggest tracks off this album.  The bonus track, \\"'Til Kingdom Come\\" isn't too shabby either.    Anyway, being one with a discerning ear and a home theater setup that can expose flaws in recordings, I'd be remiss if I didn't acknowledge that this album is a victim of the loudness war and contains almost no dynamic range.  There are long passages of songs that border on clipping and are just plain LOUD.  Of course, I've come to expect this from all new recordings, so I won't dock the album that much.
B00124PXW8|5.0|All time great thriller. I can watch over and over and still get goosebumps. One thing, did not like the actress who played the mother, they could have got someone better. Max Von Sydow a favorite of mine. See him in \\"The Night Visitor\\". The locations in Exorcist are great. Maybe silly but would like to visit the house. This movie a milestone for others to try and copy aspects of it. Never will go out of date.
B0016AJU2C|5.0|This is an excellent album by Alanis. She always makes great albums and this one is no exception. Especially the deluxe edition.
B0001MDP3G|2.0|This was visually OK but overlong and not remarkable. As an australian I should be prejudiced but have to say Nicole Kidman overrated. I own this movie but would not sit through it again. One to ten, ten being best, give this one four.
B0006L16N8|5.0|This is one of the best album of all times. Every song is amazing. No fillers here.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|All I can say is BUY THIS MOVIE!!! It is one of the best movies I've seen in a very long time.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|This is an excellent album by Alanis. She always makes great albums and this one is no exception.
0307394549|4.0|Book is a great \\"read\\" - interesting - recipe for crispy choc. chip and soft choc.chip cookies.  Made the cover recipe - and loved the taste.   I like how Martha - makes it appear that one can make the cookies by hand...yeah right.     Anyway - great book and a fun one too.
8185300534|4.0|The book fascinated me, changed the way I considered things,made me think enlightment was really at hand. Three years later, I have changed my mind about it. The discerment and rethoric Nisargadat are just impressive, perhaps underrated in todays philosophic and spiritual world.   However, I must say it´s up to the reader to believe if this is the real path to enlightment. I won't say here what I believe. The book is a jewell of the advaita philosophy. I don´t remember skipping pages or being bored in the 400 or more pages this book has.   Recommendable investment.
0446677450|4.0|The first time I read this in 2000 I did not understand Mr. Kiyosaki message about what the rich people do with their money.  Like every one else I was caught in his advice being risky and very difficult.  This is before I read the Richest Man in Babylon, The Millionaire Next Door, The Wealthy Barber, and Start Late Finish Rich all compliment Mr. Kiyosaki' philosophy.  I only wish I had taken his advice a few years ago, I would not have been caught up in high debt, low paying jobs, and stuck in a rut.<br /><br />The book is about how the rich think about money and how the poor don't think it.  It is a story of contradiction which all people go through.  It is clear that the rich must think differently then the poor when it comes to money and finances.  Mr. Kiyosaki gives some ideas of how to think differently and where to find this information.<br /><br />Somehow the rich are more advance then the rest of us to a mass a great fortune while we work hard for someone else.<br /><br />Some people believe that Mr. Kiyosaki goes against formal education.  I don't believe this; he believes we should also be educated financially as well.  Education makes us less afraid of doing the wrong thing.  He suggests understanding the real estate market, stocks, bonds, etc. to help us to make the right choices.  He recommends us to join a multilevel marketing organization if we want to some day open our own business.<br /><br />He suggests we should face our fear of losing rather then complain because of some excuse.  He suggests trying something new.  Right now, we are not getting anywhere, so change our thought pattern.<br /><br />This is a great motivational book also with the \\"you can do it\\" attitude found in the above books.  This is what we all need, don't we?<br /><br />Enjoy
0140277447|5.0|It astounds me that so few people know about the horrific events in China, and particularly Nanking, during WWII. This book can change that. No one can read the work without coming away with a new understanding of how easily human nature can be twisted to doing the unthinkable. Like the Nazis of Germany, the Japanese soldiers talked about in the work are people just like we are, but because of the circumstances and culture in which they were thrust they were capable of truly horrific things. The Rape of Nanking primarily describes what happened when the Japanese occupied the city. It is an apt title. Huge numbers of women were literally raped to death. The numbers of atrocities described in the book are astounding and terrifying. Like the Holocaust in Europe, however, they are important to remember.    When I read the work, the stories of heroism and courage literally brought me to tears. I eagerly examined the pictures in the center of the book so I could see with my own eyes the people that I had grown to admire and feel such overwhleming compassion for while reading. Not only is the work full of the terrifying reality of what people are capable of, it also contains amazing stories of heroism. This, more than the atrocities, was what brought the tears to my eyes.    One cuatiounary note: I have seen some reviewers question some of the figures given in the work. Many believe that it severely overestimates the numbers of people who died during the occupation. However, even if the numbers are vastly overestimated, the events described in the book are real and  staggering. Everyone should know what happened there, and I recommend this book to readers mature enough to handle the graphic content.
B0018OAPAW|3.0|Before stating anything else, I should first mention that I have been an Offspring fan since I was 8 and that I am naturally biased to support the band that I declared as my \\"favorite\\" way back when. However, after listening to a few play-throughs of the cd I have reached a decision on what I think of this albulm. In my opinion only the first four songs give a glimpse of what the Offspring used to be, and the rest of the albulm is good but certainly falls short of what Offspring fans such as myself have been begging for. Naturally, I don't expect the Offspring to rehash another albulm like Smash or Ignition, but I would at least like to get an entire albulm that sounds like it was made from the same band who cranked out great punk back in the early 90's. In spite of my qualms with Rise and Fall, I still give the band credit for putting together some good tunes that more often than not had me singing along or nodding my head after a few listens...I would recommend buying singles online from the albulm(preferably the first four songs) as opposed to the whole thing if you are a fan of their earlier stuff...
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This isn't x&y continued, parachutes, or rush of blood to the head.   not \\"classic\\" coldplay sound with simple chord progressions and falsetto. it's refreshing. experimental sounds but not just plain weeeeiird.. still catchy and memorable  if you're a coldplay fan, this doesn't disappoint, and if you're not, listen to this, you may be!  favorites:  lovers in japan, life in technicolor, viva la vida, death and all of his friends, yes, strawberry swing.. that's almost the whole album. it's that good. like that it's 9 gems rather than 12 tracks with 3 stumpers.  ive been listening to the album all day. doesn't take any time to \\"grow\\", instantly good. love it.
B000A88F22|3.0|chatoic because its so annoying what was i thinking? but it came in great condition and really fast!!!
B000069AUI|5.0|The Coldplay album to get if you're only going to get one, but all of them are good.  this isn't as mellow or low-key as Parachutes. amazing orchestration, sweeping melodies. i admit this isn't for everyone.. some may find it depressing but i think the songs aren't straight depressing- they're more bittersweet, melancholy, hopeful. simple lyrics everybody can relate to.  i still play this cd all the way through sometimes and i've had it for years.
0143038419|2.0|Wow...what a let down! I was very excited to read this book based on the fact that it's a memoir and involves some travel to three different countries. It starts off okay with Liz explaining how she came to travel for a year- a failed marriage followed by a failed rebound relationship. But then we keep hearing about it, and keep hearing about it, and keep hearing about it and keep...ok you get the picture right? Liz Gilbert is unlikeable in this book. She is self-centered, whiny, negative, and just completely dwells on her failed relationship....I mean...really? I thought this book was going to be about some amazing experiences, and people. But it's all about this whiny rollercoaster of relationships that she can't get over, thus you can't stop hearing about them. There are no phenomenal insights to the culture of any of the countries she visits, no excellent and amazing adventure stories. The characters she introduces you too are more judmental cliches about people that seem far-fetched and unrealistic. The only importance of anyone is their relation to her and their attempts to snap this whiner back into existence. You don't get a feel for any of these characters. It's dull, boring, all about her, and even then it's about negativity and a weak character that frankly I got tired of reading about before she ever got out of Italy. Don't read this....you'll be disappointed.
B000AADYRQ|5.0|Having been a huge Transatlanticism fan, I bought this the day it came out and left it to collect dust for the next year. I heard it didn't live up to the previous album at all and i didn't want to ruin death cab for myself  anyway the other day i just popped this into my cd player and i was pleasantly surprised.   really catchy but that doesn't mean it's not meaningful.  marching bands, crooked teeth, your heart is an empty room i can replay on my ipod many times. actually all of the tracks are memorable..unlike transat, only a handful of songs. album full of gems. give it a try : )
B0006419J6|4.0|Based on Isaac Asimov's robot short stories, this movie moves at a fast pace and holds one's interest. Detective Del Spooner (Will Smith) has his reasons for hating robots and sets out to prove that one of them killed a famous USR (United States Robotics) scientist. There are interesting twists and subplots which successfully blur the real instigator of an escalating attempt by robots to rule humans. There is food for thought here, too. What is life? And if we create a robot that can feel and think and plan, do we have the right to destroy it? This movie is good for sheer entertainment, but one has the option of going deeper into the questions the story presents. There is violence against both man and robot, therefore it may not be suitable for those under 10.
B0018OAPAW|5.0|Bob Rock = overproduction. We know this. But if you can look past that, you have a CD with some really good songs on here. I've found something to enjoy on all of The Offspring CDs, and this one does have a lot of strong work on it. It would have been nice to get more than 12 songs after four and a half years of waiting for a new CD, but then again, quantity has never been a strong point of The Offspring's. Anyway, here we go with the track by track rundown:    1. Half-Truism: Wow. I had heard the live version of this before the CD came out, and it's even better on the CD. This rivals \\"Session\\" and \\"The Meaning of Life\\" as the best songs to start a CD (not counting the joke tracks, obviously), but while those other two are good to jump around and rock out to, this one just feels epic. It's difficult to explain, but it's definitely a good thing. 10/10    2. Trust In You: This sounds like \\"Never Gonna Find Me\\" spliced with \\"Lightning Rod\\" from Splinter. The riff isn't bad, but after \\"Half-Truism\\" (and before the next track), it's a bit of a letdown. 8/10    3. You're Gonna Go Far, Kid: I like the little disco-dance beat of the verses, and the chorus is pretty catchy, too. The packaging of the CD (at least where I bought it) hints that this could be the second single, and it wouldn't be a bad choice. 9.75/10    4. Hammerhead: An interesting first single choice, obviously a departure from the standard hip-hop influenced ones. The music video is sorta weird, but we're not reviewing that so it's all good. I assume if you're looking here you've heard this song, and you know it's rockin'. 9.5/10    5. A Lot Like Me: This one's grown on me a bit. Maybe I just like Dexter singing in a lower octave, since it doesn't happen often. You may think you have the wrong CD in when this comes on with its piano opening, but I actually enjoy it. One of the \\"slow\\" songs they got right. 9/10    6. Takes Me Nowhere: Could be a Splinter b-side, so it's still pretty good, but there are betterones out there. 8/10    7. Kristy Are You Doing Okay?: Some Finnish website said this would be the second single, and I sort of hope it's not. Don't get me wrong, the song is enjoyable, but I don't know how it'd fare as a single. Someone made a comment that it sounds like a middle school dance, and I like that description. While that may turn you off, maybe I like it because I'm just nostalgic. 8.5/10    8. Nothingtown: My personal favorite on this CD, it's grown on me every time I listen (and I already really liked it on the first play). I've heard this compared to both the American Idiot CD and \\"Want You Bad,\\" and I've deduced that one part of this song sounds like about six seconds off of \\"Jesus of Suburbia\\" and that it uses the same chords as \\"Want You Bad,\\" thus, they must be the same song. Anyway, really fun to sing along to and very very catchy. 10/10    9. Stuff is Messed Up: Another very good, rather tongue-in-cheek look at American culture today. The reviewer that said this was the \\"Americana (the song) of this decade\\" had it spot on. Although I think this song is better (at least catchier) than \\"Americana.\\" Gotta love that chorus...\\"la la la la la!\\" and Dexter shows he can spit fire in the bridge. 10/10    10. Fix You: I've heard this compared to \\"Chasing Cars\\" by Snow Patrol a lot, and I can see a similarity. But that's not why it's probably my least favorite song. It's still decent, it just sorta doesn't flow as well as most Offspring songs do. Oh well. 7.5/10    11. Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom: Call it ska without the horns. This one is also really catchy and makes for a good sing-along track. Nice and fun after \\"Fix You.\\" 10/10    12. Rise and Fall: It's starting to grow on me a little bit, even though, yes, it does sound heavily like \\"American Idiot\\" (the song, not the entire CD). The lyrics are better, though, but it's still one of the weaker tracks on the disc. 8.25/10    All in all, this has some of The Offspring's best stuff in quite some time(and maybe in their career), while falling short on a few of the songs. However, it's still a great listen (and also their longest CD if you don't count the silence they had before hidden tracks on their earlier CDs) and is definitely worth checking out. Happy listening!
B000002OMN|5.0|This is one of the best epic rock albums ever... right up next to his other great performances.  Amazing music, drive, emotion, and imagery unparalleled by just about any other artist out there.  Absolutely amazing!    Side note: Read his epic autobiography too... I'm a sci-fi and fantasy fan, but reading his story was amazing as I had a rough past too.  Nice to see someone else overcome the odds in real life!  :-)
B0018AK9RA|3.0|I've listened to Nostradamus some more and for the most part I stand by my original review.  I have to admit that it did grow on me some after listening more.  There are a handful of good tracks on it but for the most part there is too many intro pieces and too much filler.  If it were shorter it might have turned out better.  I think one or two stars is too harsh.  I also think four and five stars are too generous.  Maybe three and a half.  That's just me.    Original review:  Judas Priest has been my favorite band for nearly thirty years now.  I've seen their best and their worst.  I'll say this for them.  They have the guts to go off in different directions and take chances that most bands wouldn't even when it hasn't always worked out so well for them.  That being said I wanted to take a few minutes to review Nostradamus while I'm feeling the way I do now.  I'll listen to Nostradamus a few more times before I decide revise this review later.  However, my initial feelings are mostly disappointment.  The lyrics are very good, intelligent and thought provoking.  It could be argued that they are the best the band has ever done.  Reading it without listening to the music in the background was like reading a book of poetry.  In the delux edition the lyrics are bound in a hard cover format with some excellent art inside.  It also comes with a card with a code on it so you can go on line and get a reserved ticket when they go on tour.  Those features are very cool.  That is where it pretty much ended for me.  I knew from reading different sources that they were going to try different things on this CD such as orchestras/symphonics, etc.  However, I was hoping that it wouldn't be used throughout the entire CD.  Nearly all the CD was very slow to mid tempo with very little stinging guitar solos, lightning fast drums, thunderous base and most of all the full range of Rob Halford's voice talent.  Absent is the speed, aggression, and power that I expect/love from Judas Priest.  I've read a lot of reviews saying this is the best CD they've ever done.  In some ways they maybe right.  I'm not a big fan nor an expert on symphonic or progressive metal so maybe this is exactly what it is supposed to sound like.  Maybe this CD was just to high brow for me and I'm just not getting it.  I don't know.  It's not a bad album.  I'm sure with more listens it will grow on me.  I do know one thing.  It's never going to be my favorite no matter how many times I listen to it.  I want my metal to grab me by the throat and not let go.  People who are into symphonic, or progressive metal might find this more appealing.  If you're looking for Painkiller or Screaming for Vengeance you've come to the wrong CD.  I'm sure they could do another album like those again.  I hope they do before they call it quits for good.  Time will tell.
0756404746|5.0|because now I have to WAIT!  I want the next book and I want it right now!  LOL!  Seriously!  I just finished it and have to say it's one of my favorites, and as I projected in comments under Robin Hobb's review, I'm going to have to buy the hard back copies of this series to keep in a treasured position on my shelf.   This is a true epic fantasy adventure- heroic, raw, bold, and emotional.  We see the beginnings of the hero and are taken on a wonderful journey on this tale within a tale.  I wonder that three books may not be enough for all of our hero's adventures, both past and future, but like a \\"sweet-eater\\" from the story I'll be going crazy for more and more until there are none left to be had.
3937406328|5.0|The music contained in this huge set of Cd's is truly amazing - in quality and breadth of styles included.    I was already a Chris Rea fan but this work pushes into areas that commercial single CD's tend to avoid. He does this without the work being too heavy - it therefore would be appropriate as a first buy of Chris Rea and also for someone who was not that much into the blues.    Truly enjoyable - and the book and paintings is an added huge bonus!
031286504X|3.0|Ok, so this is one of books that originated survival thriller/horror genre, but for me it wasn't so big. I guess it was writing style that I disliked.<br /><br />Lord knows I read every novel or story by real writers who wrote horror (Edgar Allan Poe , Ambrose Bierce) and writer-entertainers like Clive Barker, Stephen King, Howard Phillips Lovecraft. I loved everything when I was 18-19 , fiction, science fiction, epic fiction, horror and read even the worst books to the end, including James Herbert's 'Survivor' . OMG, was THAT one bad!
8185300534|5.0|I have a library of hundreds of spiritual books, representing every major religious and mystical tradition.    Few possess the clarity, the startling immediacy, the actual life-altering power of this volume.    If there is such a thing as a holy book, here is one.    What more can be said?
160024159X|5.0|Cracking good fiction!.  For anyone who enjoys this genre  but wants a change of pace in format, this is a most enjoyable read.  Kept my interest from start to finish.
B000006MV8|5.0|Sadly, Badfinger was a band that never got much respect from the critics. It was generally criticized for being, at best, a Beatles \\"sound alike\\" and, at worst, a Beatles imitator. \\"Badfinger recycles familiar riffs and harmonies in far less striking configurations\\" says The Rolling Stone Album Guide. There was plenty of other circumstantial evidence. Paul McCartney wrote their first hit, George Harrison produced some of the tracks for STRAIGHT UP, and they were on the Beatles' Apple label. Frankly, I don't know enough about music to judge the accuracy or fairness of all this. I only know what I like when I hear it, and I like both STRAIGHT UP and its predecessor, NO DICE, a lot.<br /><br />STRAIGHT UP was originally recorded not too long after the release of NO DICE, the intent being to capitalize on the moderate success of that set. George Harrison produced much of it. The album's release was delayed, however, and eventually Todd Rundgren was brought in as producer and many of the tracks were re-recorded. The current CD contains the album that was ultimately released with Rundgren as producer, as well as some of the original tracks produced by Harrison. Personally, I'm glad Rundgren was brought in. I like the tracks done with him producing much better than the older ones.<br /><br />This is a very listenable album. The twelve tracks originally released are a pleasure; there isn't a loser among them. My personal favorites include \\"Take It All\\", \\"Money\\", \\"Flying\\", \\"Suitcase\\", \\"Day After Day\\", \\"Sometimes\\" and \\"Perfection\\". \\"Baby Blue\\" and \\"Day After Day\\" were the Top 40 hits. Some are ballads and some are rockers, but nice vocal harmonies abound, there are lots of nice melodies and catchy riffs, and I particularly enjoy the jangly percussion and the guitar solo into the fade-out on \\"Perfection\\". Favorites and hits aside, though, I often just put the CD in and listen to the whole thing. There's not a bad cut in there anywhere.<br /><br />Whatever the validity of all the criticism, it all ended tragically for Badfinger and, especially, for some of the bandmembers. It's all water under the bridge, now. Whether or not these guys were mining Beatles material for their music, the result sounds pretty darn good. It seems to me that if a rock band is going to look somewhere for inspiration, Beatles music is a pretty good place to start. The results are pleasing to the ear, and that's what counts.<br /><br />I had a hard time coming up with a rating for STRAIGHT UP. I'll concede that Badfinger was never as original or unique as some of the other great bands of the period, particularly the Beatles. They never did anything to rival albums like \\"SGT. PEPPER...\\", WHO'S NEXT, EXILE ON MAIN STREET, LED ZEPPLIN IV, RUMOURS, or some others I could name. On the other hand, I like this album very much and still listen to it a lot. I decided to call it 4.5 stars and round up to five. Again, this isn't quite one of the real greats of classic rock, but it's an excellent piece of work and a pleasure to listen to. If you like classic pop/rock, you'll like STRAIGHT UP.ed tragically for Badfinger and, especially, for some of the bandmembers. It's all water under the bridge, now. Whether or not these guys were mining Beatles material for their music, the result sounds pretty darn good. It seems to me that if a rock band is going to look somewhere for inspiration, Beatles music is a pretty good place to start. The results are pleasing to the ear, and that's what counts.    I had a hard time coming up with a rating for STRAIGHT UP. I'll concede that Badfinger was never as original or unique as some of the other great bands of the period, particularly the Beatles. They never did anything to rival albums like \\"SGT. PEPPER...\\", WHO'S NEXT, EXILE ON MAIN STREET, LED ZEPPLIN IV, RUMOURS, or some others I could name. On the other hand, I like this album very much and still listen to it a lot. I decided to call it 4.5 stars and round up to five. Again, this isn't quite one of the real greats of classic rock, but it's an excellent piece of work and a pleasure to listen to. If you like classic pop/rock, you'll like STRAIGHT UP.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|The album starts off kind of slow and never really mixes well.To me it sounds like it is missing something.What could it be?Guitars,of course.The once driving guitars have been replaced by a bunch of keyboards.Too many for my taste,but that is the mark of Brian Eno.The order of the songs seems to be just thrown together.These are my main gripes.Still it is not bad music.It is just not up to snuff with their previous efforts.It is ok to dabble with other sounds as long as you keep your core sound.On this album i think they strayed too much from their usual formula and came out with a down beat sounding album.They are some sure commercial hits like \\"yes\\",\\"violet hill\\",and \\"viva la vida\\".Overall all i give it a C-.Not one song on the album is catchy or will have you humming it over and over.Hopefully they will get back to the old sound next album.
B000O1799U|5.0|The great Jennifer Hudson comes out of nowhere to wow us. The audience stood in the movie theater!
B000000XB9|5.0|Awesome collection of hit songs from the 70's....brings back many memories of good times back then.  A must for any person over 50!
B00005JPKE|5.0|Not a feel good movie. A must see nonetheless. An epic story told from the other side.  Superbly directed by Clint Eastwood. A masterpiece of a movie!
B0014I4KH6|4.0|The album is good.  Taylor has a great voice and brings it for most songs.  I imagine this album is comparable in today's terms to the ones published years ago by Lorretta Lynn, Dolly Parton, and Tammy Wynette.  Overall, this is a good country female album.
B000B8QF14|5.0|I'm not an oldie Sweet Children fan, but I'm not an American Idiot newbie ether. I started listening to Green Day when I was ten, when I believe Warning came out. I than started storing and stashing all the Green Day Cds, from Dookie to Warning into my crappy cd player and playing the cds over and over again, memorizing the songs and singing them to my heart. Than I moved on, that is, till Green Day's American Idiot Album came out and hit stores with a BANG! I listened to the cd, found it nice and very catchy, like a lot of Green Day albums, but with a different new flavor. Green Day jumped past its Warning and Nimrod to a whole new level, and everybody in the world took notice.<br />As we all know, Green Day had evolved from being Sweet Children, punky little kids whom played at \\"86,\\" and belonged to Lookout! Records and than went over to Reprise Records. The majority of punk bands turned their backs on Green Day, dubbing them as sell outs, ect... Green Day became popular with their first hit album, Dookie, which was phenomenal and than kicked out some new albums and slowly, bit by bit, went downhill out of the eyes of pop punk music fans till American Idiot boosted them into the spotlight they had achieved with Dookie again.<br />Bullet In A Bible is a nice CD to add to your Green Day collection. The live music is nice and crisp, and the live DVD concert in England was awesome. I particularly liked the interviews in-between each performance and laughed at all the brits being interviewed. They played songs from their newest album American Idiot, and than played some of there old treasures that brought back memories, particular the awesome Minority and Longview! My favorite would have to be Shout! which I play over and over again till you would I think I would be tired of it. Billie Joe Armstrong's voice and his performance on stage was great, they are really good at what they do, especially the hyper active, crazy Tre Cool on the drums and the mellow, cool Mike Dirnt on the base guitar and vocals. I think Green Day will go down in history as the greatest Pop Punk band, smashing out the silly duplicates of Blink 182 as well as the other Pop Punk bands that sprang up after Green Day to claim there \\"15 minutes,\\" of fame.<br />So if you didn't get to go to their big concert in England, go to the store or order Bullet In A Bible! You won't be disappointed, I sure wasn't, and lets give Green Day a round of applause and cheer for their newest album that is coming out later this year!e base guitar and vocals. I think Green Day will go down in history as the greatest Pop Punk band, smashing out the silly duplicates of Blink 182 as well as the other Pop Punk bands that sprang up after Green Day to claim there \\"15 minutes,\\" of fame.  So if you didn't get to go to their big concert in England, go to the store or order Bullet In A Bible! You won't be disappointed, I sure wasn't, and lets give Green Day a round of applause and cheer for their newest album that is coming out later this year!
1590710487|5.0|For writing this beautiful book. I've been a fan of Johns work pretty much as far back as i can remember. i was only 9 when John passed on so i never got to see him perform live or really enjoy his work when he was here on this earth. I found this book to be a true showing of what John was like and what a good man he really was and not always this train wreck like the press (and another certain author who shall remain nameless) perceived him to be. you can tell that he was loved by many and that his death had a profound affect on many and that his work will be loved for many more years. If you are a fan of John you need to read this book!
B000028U0Y|5.0|It's fantastic. I orginially had this recording years ago on a 33rpm record, and like a fool got rid of it. I got it as a replacement on a CD format and its the way I always remembered it.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|When I first heard Sara Bareilles' single \\"Long Song\\" on the radio I thought it was a typical pop song, catchy, and fine with me until I heard it several times over and decided I liked this song enough to go check out the other work from this artist I had never heard of before.    It turns out that \\"Little Voice\\" has become my favorite album of this year, or the past two or so years for that matter. Not only is Sara's voice lovely and her tunes catchy, but the lyrics are absolutely beautiful. I can only appreciate a catchy tune for so long before I become bored of it, for me the lyrics make the song and that is my favorite quality about this album, and all of her work, which I have since made it a point to collect. Sara's lyrics tell stories with poetic brilliance, I myself love to write as a hobby and so I always appreciate meaningful, creative lyrics that touch me, and Sara's music is full of them.    All the songs on this album are worth the purchase, from the catchy \\"Love Song\\" which has become a radio favorite, to the jazzier \\"Vegas\\" and the humorous lyrics to \\"Fairytale\\" a fun track with a message as well. \\"Morningside\\" and \\"Love on the Rocks\\" stand out with their fun beats, and \\"Between the Lines\\" and \\"Gravity\\" have become my two favorites because they have beautiful lyrics that you can just tell have come from this artist's soul, and each has had the ability to make me want to cry nearly every time I listen to it. The note Sara hits at the end of \\"gravity\\" is probably the most beautiful, tear-insipiring moment of the entire album, and it really showcases her talent.    Every year there are seemingly tons of new female pop artists who hit the scene, and they usually each have a few hits, sound pretty nice, but mostly all the same. Their lyrics are shallow and catchy, perfect for hundreds of repetitions on the radio until listeners like me simply can't take it anymore. Sara Bareilles stands out among this sea of competition because, frankly, she is on a higherlevel, possessing something called TALENT which is too few and far between in the music industry. I would recommend this album highly to anyone who appreciates an excellent female singer/songwriter, you won't be dissapointed.    P.S. If you enjoy \\"Little Voice\\" I would also suggest checking out Sara's debut album \\"Careful Confessions.\\" While many of the tracks are the same on both albums, \\"Careful Confessions\\" has the original versions of these songs, which have a jazzier, less pop-radio-inspired feel to them. Also, there are about four songs on that album that are not featured on \\"Little Voice\\" and are definitely worth a listen...\\"Undertow\\" is my personal favorite out of those.
0061537934|5.0|The Art of Racing in the Rain is one of the best books I have read.  Some people have made comments about this book being sad, but if you just read the front flap prior to reading, it will prepare you for all to come.  The book is written with Enzo the dog as the narrator.  It was a really cool perspective - to see things through Enzo's eyes.  I am a huge dog lover and it made me laugh so many times - wondering if that is what my dog thinks, too!  It will make you laugh and cry - and I think that is a sign of a great book!  It has a wonderful ending.  I have recommended this book to all my family and friends, and everyone has had the same reaction.  I stayed up as late as I could each night I read it since I couldn't put it down.  Enzo, Denny and Zoë are so sweet and Garth Stein has done a great job of making you fall in love with his characters.  I will read this book over and over again I am sure!  Bravo to Garth Stein for writing a wonderful story and creating characters that have stayed with me.  By the way, I read this book aloud to my husband and he loved it too - so I don't think this is necessarily just a chick lit book.  Guys who are into cars or racing will dig it, too.
B000LPS4BG|1.0|This movie fails where others succeed.  I know that lots of people think that this is one of Martin Scorcese's best films of all time, but they are just dead wrong.  It is about three friends who work in the mob and eventually they all do horrible, horrible things to one another.    To begin with, this movie is obviously a work of fiction because who would believe that someone like Robert DeNiro could be a gangster?  If you've ever seen him in Stanley & Iris, you know that he is much more believable as a good man who just wants to read with Jane Fonda.  Also, Joe Pesci is really great as the short mafiaman in this movie.    This kind of movie is definitely not Martin Scorcese's forte, and even if someone like George Lucas (awesome director) were to do it, it wouldn't be much better because the story doesn't make sense.  Why do these three friends decide to do mob violence all the time?  Do you think they would really talk with such foul mouths too (\\"f\\" this and \\"f\\" that)???  I love My Cousin Vinny, and I don't believe Joe Pesci had to say any bad words to make that movie hilarious.    Basically this movie is like a reality TV show that you would turn off quickly because there's nothing interesting about it.  And the three friends in the movie also do drugs, which I am against.    I think this film would be good for carpenters and other tradesmen, because they probably like this kind of thing.  For the rest of us, it's for the birds!!!!  If you see it, you will blame yourself forever, and that's not being fair to the you inside.    Maybe next time, Martin Scorcese.  Maybe next time.
1878424505|5.0|Put down the other books, cancel your life coach session and buy this book. This is pretty much the basics of what you need to know about the rules of the road so to speak. Granted it's simple--but that's the beauty of it.   The Four Agreements are:  Be Impeccable With Your Word  Don't Take Anything Personally  Don't Make Assumptions  Always Do Your Best  Have you ever wished life came with some sort of instruction book? Well it doesn't but this is as close as anything I've seen. This is brilliant flashing insight.
0756404746|5.0|[[ASIN:0756404746 The Name of the Wind (The Kingkiller Chronicle, Day 1)]]<br /><br />If you are looking for something new in fantasy, The Name Of The Wind - King Killer Chronicle: Day One, is your ticket to ride! This book is so exciting, you can hardly put it down, and when you do, you are thinking about when you pick it up again, what will happen next?<br /><br />Tolkien, Gaimen, Le Guin, and Brooks fans, just to name a few greats, will love Pat's style and the edge they'll ride during this must read novel. Pat Rothfuss belongs in the list of great fantasy writers!<br /><br />Hold on to your hat, because The Name Of the Wind will blow you away!
B0018OAPAW|4.0|this album is definately a tricky one to review, let alone judge any song in particular. lets just say, that as fellow mainstream pop punk acts like green day, blink 182, and sum 41 have done, the offspring now sorta follow the suit. (synths, piano, etc)  i cant speak for anyone else, but i must say, that some of the songs on here are the best they have done since americana, yet others are some of the worst they have ever done.  i will do a song by song rating using the special \\"rise and fall\\" system. rise being good, and fall being bad.    half-truism-this song is great. it starts us off with a bang. i enjoy the fact that the lyrics are much more mature, while not crossing into boring adult territory. RISE    trust in you-this is the hard, fast heavy song on the album. if anyone has any doubts that the offspring can still rock out, just listen to this song. reminds me of something from self titled redone today. an easy RISE    your gonna go far kid-by now, i was thinking this album could be one of the best they have ever done. this song doesnt let down either. i would describe this as sort of a mix between the kids arent alright and dammit i changed again. again, another easy RISE.    hammerhead-if you are an offspring fanatic, you probably have heard this song many times already. this is one of the strongest lead singles they have had since americana for sure.  lyrically and musically.  the lyrics are said to compare school shooters to soldiers in war. also, its good to not have a hip hop riddled lead single for once. RISE    a lot like me-if you liked gone away or amazed from ixnay, this song will please. dexter does some very nice singing in this. some of it we havent heard since ixnay as well. RISE    takes me nowhere-pretty good. keeps the pace of the album running smoothly. kind of reminiscent of a song from splinter. id call it a keeper.  RISE    kristy-now we are in the second half of the cd....and this song just deflates all of the energy that the album built up in the first 6 songs.  to me, the lyrics arent the problem. the sappy semi-acoustic adult alternative music is what kills this one.  i can just tell, this will be the offspring's \\"wake me up when september ends\\" or \\"i miss you.\\"  im sorry, i tried to like this one, but it just reeks of soccer mom alternative radio. i guess thats this is the reason skip buttons were invented.   FALL    nothingtown-this song is very upbeat, which is a good thing to have after the depressing kristy song. could easily fit alongside pretty fly, want you bad, or original prankster if you want some very upbeat offspring songs.  RISE    stuff is messed up-destined to be the cult favorite from this album. puts the energy of the album back on track. this is the one song that acknowledges and critiques technology and pop culture on RFAG. much like offspring used to do back in the day. its good to hear an updated version of that. RISE    fix you-this is the second roadblock of the album. once again, the lyrics outshine the music itself.  lyrically, the song sounds like it is the continuation of gone away, the end of the line, and million miles away. musically, it sounds like balled-esque green day or U2, which to me is a bad thing on an otherwise energetic album. not as bad as kristy though. ill give it that. FALL    Rock Bottom-picks things back up a little. its good to hear some ska-esque guitars. its a fun little song to bring the energy back after another slow depressing song. would have been a great closer to the cd. RISE    Rise and fall-okay, no matter how hard i try and try, the song sounds too much like american idiot for me to appreciate. i mean it has better lyrics, and i like dexter's voice better than billie joe's, but this just falls stale for me. hey at least it is more listenable than kristy. a pretty lame closer to a pretty good album. FALL          bottom line: i know i have probably repeated many things said already, but its good to see the offspring come up with somegood stuff after the flat album splinter. this album Rises 9 times and falls 3. the good 9 songs are some of the best stuff they have done since at least CO1...maybe Americana. think the album is definately worth the purchase.
B000002UY3|5.0|Many have compared this album to its follow-up - So Tonight That I Might See. However, She Hangs Brightly is the stronger album. While Mazzy is known for their darker, psychadelic sound, there are a number of up-tempoesque jams on here. Hope actually sounds happy on some of the tracks. Perhaps why they called the album She Hangs Brightly. Its a toss-up for me between this album and their 3rd project: Among My Swan. If you are unfamiliar with Mazzy Star's music, this is the place to begin.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|why cant everyone stop griping how some bands like Offspring dont sound quite like they used to..blah blah blah...theres plenty of hard rocking fun tunes on this album...sure it's no \\"Smash\\" or \\"Ixnay\\" ..but it still holds its on in their catalog....best songs are \\"half truism\\" , \\"you're gonna go far kid\\" .... \\"hammerhead  - which ive nearly had a car wreck listening to due to the constant head banging.......\\"nothingtown\\" . \\"a lot like me\\" ...ive skimmed thro the songs i couldnt get into ..but the cd is worth purchasing for these...heck 9 bucks at best buy im not complaining.......lets just be thankful bands like Offspring and REM and crew are stlil out there putting out albums ..otherwise we'd be forced to listen to #$#^ like 3 doors down and hinder and nickelback 24/7
0823016714|5.0|This book contains black and white headshots of people showing different emotions.  It starts with younger adults and moves through the ages.  Each person is shown from different points of view of the same emotion.  The personality types are varied too.  Not just glamour girls and boys, average Americans of different ethnicities.  As an illustrator this is a big help.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|why is there negative reviews for this album?.....listen to it a few times before making judgment.......the first time i listened to it online i wasnt that impressed at all.....then i listened to more samples adn said screw it ill buy the cd and WOW ...it grows on u fast.....some fans may be put off sure........but theres plenty of gorgeous tracks on here...beautiful stuff like \\"life in technicolor\\" ... \\"LOST\\"...the great \\"viva la vida\\"...and another standout \\"Lovers in Japan\\"..which is simply gorgeous.........i still gotta really finish the cd ive skimmed thro a couple songs but i had to post something to let people who love Coldplay know that this cd is wonderful...get it and give it a try
B0009S2T0M|5.0|Written By: Lisa Fore  © Dystopia Magazine   Asian Edition   June 2007  \\"Laugh and the world laughs with you. Weep and you weep alone.\\"    After getting busted for being drunk and extremely disorderly, rumpled businessman Oh Dae-su (Choi Min-sik) gets angrier and angrier as he sits at a station waiting for the police to release him because he has to go home--it's his little girl's birthday. Getting nowhere with the standard inebriated outbursts and tantrums, he tries to flip on the charm and show the police he's a nice guy (in a fantastic set of hysterical cut shots): a proud papa--shoving pictures of his daughter at the cops; an entertainer -- dancing and singing while wearing a small set of angel wings he bought as a birthday present for his little angel; and finally as a regular Joe--by flirting with a younger girl (who also happens to be sitting right next to her boyfriend). It's still a no-go with the cops however, until Dae-su's best friend, Joo-Hwan, comes to bail him out. While his friend apologizes profusely to the police, Oh Dae-su waits (quietly--to everyone's surprise I'm sure), until he does the regional equivalent of giving the cops the middle finger and scrambles from the station.    We find him in a phone booth calling his daughter to apologize for being late, and he suddenly puts his friend on the phone (looking to avoid a screaming wife who's bound to jump on any second--well maybe in Asia it's considered `concerned nagging') and steps out of the phone booth.    It becomes the biggest mistake of Dae-su's life.    THE BOTTOM LINE    Oldboy is a true rarity. While it's the second film that ever made me restart the DVD immediately after the final credits (Usual Suspects being the first), it's the first to make me do it four times in a row.(When it's that good, I tend to get \\"a tad\\" obsessive-compulsive.)    This three act thriller is a total descent into the power of human will, that while full of raging action is even more horrific than any giant deity flailing a chainsaw through ridiculous sequels or CGI boogeyman (or woman or child) because this is the ultimate psychological game, and for all of it's intricate details, Oldboy is actually plausible...with the right kind of connections and patience.    The screenplay is brilliant, with dialogue that's actually practical and informative---no weak red herrings or filler chat-chat here; the direction and cinematography are phenomenal, smooth and (here's another rare part) ultimately and intimately involving---Park brings the audience Dae-su's ordeal with moments of claustrophobia and even the relief of space (I actually caught myself inhaling deeply once he was released) that can't help but bring us right into his head, and naturally sympathize completely with his plans of revenge.    The extent of his captor's cruelty and the purity of Dae-su's determination for absolution are truly astounding. I also definitely recommend watching it in it's native language (Korean) with subtitles, even though it has the option of English audio; Choi's tone and passion put the final stamp of perfection on the entire film. If you aren't emotionally exhausted by Choi's magnificent performance, then check your pulse, cuz the man has got serious game.    Sir Anthony Hopkins. Robert De Niro. Al Pacino. Choi Min-sik.    Oh yeah people, he's easily sits among the greatest in the world.    Oldboy is an absolute masterpiece: psychologically brutal, darkly hilarious, beautifully presented and completely disturbing---results only possible by those who understand true human frailty and drive.    I became a fan of Choi Min-sik and Park Chan-wook after the first run--they totally broke my mind and I absolutely love them for it.
B000V78BOY|1.0|What a disappointment! The movie \\"Amadeus,\\" offered a brief view of what could be done with colorful costuming and imaginative sets. This performance not only lacks any visual excitement, it is positively proletarian drab. Even the Metropolitan Opera's tired setting looks good in comparison. \\"Amadeus\\" gave us a glorious children's version of The Magic Flute and on any level Mozart created an enchanting comedic yet profound opera. What we get here is Dullsville. You wonder why they bothered with HD!
B000002UYZ|5.0|If you like the Beatles, and the early Beatles you'll love this CD, as it<br />contains most of the material and good Beatles songs from that period.<br />A must have for Beatles Collections.
B000XA5K4I|5.0|If your looking for a cheesy good time, then look no further then SHOOT 'EM UP. Just balls to the wall action and hillarious scenarios that seem to impossible. Don't watch if you want a plot and a good story cause you wont find that here, just sit back and enjoy some smart mindless action.
B00169N0BK|5.0|Using the Color Munki has saved me so much time and money that it paid for itself in the first month. It's easy to use and creates great profiles. Two things are important to know however, 1. - if you have a cheap monitor, it's going to be harder to match your prints and 2. - I found that certain fine art papers really need some extra time to dry before the color sets - on the information sheet for Epson's Somerset Velvet, it says that can take 24 hours! If you do your test prints and wait a bit before reading them in, the profiles in the soft-proof in Photoshop look really close to the print. No more hit or miss printing - I Love It!
B000AADYYO|4.0|It's often been said by fans and critics that even their worst is better than most band's best. However, the band can still be subject to criticism or disappointment but it's usually viewed in context with their own past material than with the music itself. Opeth, a long-respected and praised metal band has never really done an outright terrible record despite the occasional glitch in a song or 2. Ghost Reveries, their 8th and first under the Roadrunner label, is not really their worst as it contains moments of genius and compelling stuff but on the other hand, as one reviewer said, it's too schizophrenic and a bit frequently uneven.    Ghost of Perdition: 7 seconds of peaceful guitar chords before it explodes out of the gate with a heavy (and rather long) guitar riff until a neat section that mind remind someone of Tool stuff. With many riffs, a gorgeous acoustic section, and a bit of decent parts till the reintroduction of the acoustic section, it's quite a great opener in its own right. 9/10    The Baying of the Hounds: Another intriguing and compelling heavy section with the keyboards featured a bit more prominently before the track dips into a quieter part with high piano notes and echoing tones. The middle section afterwards slightly works but I love the outro. Like most tracks, parts get repeated too frequently but overall the track's worth a listen. 8/10    Beneath the Mire: Quick strummed chords and a synth backing at the start and it's one of their better structured ones on the album and seldom bores (even that repeated stattaco riff during the solo that kind of annoys). Short, compels and leaves without overstaying its welcome, this is a good one on the disc. 9/10    Atonement: Well the album was kind of flawless up until this point but this derails any momentum since it's one thing that infrequently is an Opeth song: bland. Middle Eastern influences, organs and a repeated guitar riff make this a very decent listen and one that I frequently skip. 5/10Reverie/Harlequin Forest: This is another one where it entertains with its massive prog riffs, Akerfeldt's melodic vocals, a cool groove riff 3 minutes in and a gorgeous acoustic riff but the long harmonic section kind of bores, the outro kind of sucks and it meanders a bit (especially that \\"slithery\\" part near the end). Good but not really compelling beginning to end either. 7/10    Hours of Wealth: Quite gorgeous track that recalls the Damnation album with some fingerpicked electric notes, almost renaissance-esque instruments in the back, a cool acoustic riff and a gorgeous piano riff mimicing the guitar underneath, soulful Akerfeldt vocals and a Pink Floyd-worthy ending solo. Definately recommend this one. 9.5/10    The Grand Conjuration: Originally I didn't like this one. Eventually I grew to love it with the main riff that shows up repeatedly super catchy, the more darker and ominous verses and effective use of the keyboards during the heavy parts (which save the repetitive outro). It's probably one of my favorite of the heavier tracks off the record. 9/10    Isolation Years: A more quieter and Damnation-like album closer with some blues-y playing, clean arpeggios and some of Akerfeldt's best clean vocals on the record. It's maybe a bit too short and doesn't really have the punch that a closer should have but that's forgivable for how good the track is.    So far I've only heard Still Life straight onto Watershed so I can't really say outright if Ghost Reveries is the weakest of Opeth's 9 albums but of the 6 that I've heard so far, it's good, great and average all in one listen and not as consistent but definately worth checking out if you're into metal.
B000TGJ8CQ|3.0|The premise was really engaging. I like all the actors. So why isn't this better? Well, I guess I'm getting a little tired of the Cage laconic hero. It was wearing thin in Ghost Rider, and gets a little grating. It is all the more frustrating because I have seen him do so much better. Do I have to even mention Leaving Las Vegas ? I can't figure out why Julianne Moore fancies herself a \\"tough guy\\" action hero. It didn't really work in \\"Hannibal\\", and it still comes across strident and trying too hard. She does other things much much better.     As a sum, the movie has lots of people doing things that they either don't do well or shouldn't even be trying to do. This eventually overwhelms the rest of an OK movie.
1416550518|4.0|Ninety-eight-year-old Grace Bradley was a maid at Riverton Manor when a World War I poet apparently committed suicide many years ago. The death brought a scandal and left family members not speaking to one another. The full story of what happened and why was left hidden, however.    Years later, a film director approaches Grace in order to help with a movie about the poet's death, and Grace is drawn back into a past that she's never quite come to terms with.    The House at Riverton is a throwback to the romantic Gothic novels of the 20th century. The plot and the atmospherics are reminiscent of classics like Rebecca, so if you miss those older works (or have read them all), you'll enjoy this one. Like the best works from the Golden Age, this novel is equal parts mystery and romance, and it supplies just the right details to lend a historical truth to the tale. Its portrayal of Edwardian England is well-done. (You'll find the kind of historical density found in works like McEwan's Atonement here, too.)    However, the best thing about the book is that it doesn't feel like a museum piece. Kate Morton uses the romantic Gothic as a reference point to tell a tale that feels contemporary, or, to put it another way, that is well-suited to contemporary tastes. So you get the best of both worlds with this book: The feel of the past and a modern perspective on it.    If you liked Diane Setterfield's recent novel The Thirteenth Tale, you'll probably like this one. While a different book than Setterfield's, Morton's mines a similar sensibility. If you miss that sensibility in today's publishing world, you're the person for whom The House at Riverton was written.    Two caveats:     1) The novel is written in an unhurried, detailed style. If you don't like so much curling up with a book as bolting through it, you might have problems here.     2) Like most Gothic-inspired tales, there are many secrets, which create a feeling of mystery. But while there are secrets, revelations and twists in the plot, they're not gimmicky ones. So if you're looking forward to O. Henry-style twists or detective-story cerebration, you might be disappointed.    The last point I'll make is that The House at Riverton, while containing themes that interest adults, contains little so-called \\"adult\\" material. If you're looking for a Mother's Day gift or birthday present for someone who finds many modern romances too smutty, this is a good book to give as a gift. I gave this book to my mom; she's a big fan of Upstairs, Downstairs and \\"cozy\\" mysteries and she really liked this book. It's appropriate for most -- if not all -- ages.
0786948523|1.0|If you like WoW, go play WoW.  Don't waste 100$ and another 100$ on the all important miniatures and on these craptastic books just so you can play world of warcraft on paper!
1401216676|5.0|A must read for batman and comic book fans alike. Just another masterpiece by Alan Moore.
1419551795|2.0|Maybe I'm not getting something, but I would call this book GMAT 650-700. I've got 690 on my first on-line trial test simulation (from Manhattan GMAT) and I thought this book would be a helpful guide to close my \\"gaps\\". In fact, when I went through Geometry section of this book, I've got 100% of right answers without any guessing (on the test simulation I've got only 55% of my geometry answers right and that number included some questions where I made \\"educated guess\\"). Moreover, I spend no more than 1.5 minute for each task in GMAT 800 when on the trial test I really felt that 2 minutes was not enough to deal with some geometry tasks.   Bottom line - this book might be a good review of GMAT tricks, traps and bottlenecks, but don't think it will help you to jump 50 points if you're already in 650-700 range. No miracles here.
B00166BL6Y|5.0|I have just A/B'd the stereo disc of this new 2CD version of \\"This Was\\" with two previously issued CD versions (the Chrysalis and Hollywood versions). This one is the big winner BUT some will have good counter-arguments because the mix presented here is not the original mix. The listener of the new set will notice the heavy reverb that was applied to Anderson's voice is nearly entirely gone. Both previous issues had heavy reverb on his voice. With the reverb gone, the mix sounds so much cleaner. The voice and instruments are still in their general stereo positions (voice on the right, lead guitar on the left, etc...). The EQ is significantly different than what we hear on the Chrysalis version, and not so different from the Hollywood label version. The old Chrysalis CD clearly used a tape mastered for lp with the heavy bottom sucked out to keep the consumer's stylus from jumping the groove. This new double CD issue is a great improvement on the original mix. The original mix can only be preferred for sentimental reasons.
0553296981|5.0|I am probably being redundant when I say this, but this was a profound book.  This was a rare look into the life of a Jew living in hiding during Nazi occupation that shaped the worlds understanding of this dreadful persecution.  Anne begins as a spoiled and restless child, but her time in hiding definitely changes her.  She becomes more precocious and reflective, sharing her insightful thoughts with her diary.  She comments on her parents, her living conditions, her learning pursuits, politics and the war, her desire to be loved, among many other things.  Of course, there is great conflict in the \\"Secret Annex\\" with eight people living in such close quarters for over two years, but it reveals the fragility of human nature when confronted with such tension.  Anne's descriptions allow the reader to easily imagine their plight and her writing matures throughout.  Anne's diary is a timeless and necessary piece of literature.  The tragedy of her death is nothing compared to her devotion to humanity.
0201633612|4.0|Overall a good book. In my opinion it is better suited to be a textbook for a software engineering course than a 'self help' kind of book. Can be a bit too theoretical for my taste, but it is an interesting read.
B00005AFMT|5.0|Used to work as an Audio Engineer in the 80's and would provide Live Audio Production to small venues on the East Coast. Was contracted to provide a sound system  to King Crimson at the Warner Theatre in DC and thought \\"Oh Christ\\" some poser band trying to relive its previous heyday . . . It was one on the most amazing live shows I ever saw and I saw thousands during the late 70's and 80's . . . Belew was incredible and Levin was and is one of the most accomplished bass players and the only guy I have ever seen get anything worth a lick out of the stick. The opening of Matte Kudesai was one of the most haunting guitar cadenzas I ever heard  . . .  Went and bought the album the next day .  .  .During the sound check the lighting company kept trying to focus a couple of PAR lamps on Fripp so they would have something to illuminate him during the show. . . they would finish focusing and as soon as they finished Fripp would move his gear over about 5 feet . . . they would get back to the lighting console turn up the lights they just focused and Fripp would no longer be in them. . . They would go back up on the truss, refocus the lights come down and Fripp would move again. . . went through this cycle about three times before it finally dawned on them that maybe Robert didn't want to be in the lights . . . the grand daddy of NERD ROCK.
B0016B6ZKG|4.0|Donna has been way too inactive over the past decade with a few dance cut selections. This was worth waiting for and she still sounds in fine form for her age. I still think that the best song since her last 1991 release is \\"Carry On\\". It's pure magic.
0670018651|1.0|Tentoone's excellent review says it all about this book. I bought it. I read it. I should not have bothered. Go to an online perfume sales company and read the buyer reviews. It's free and more useful in judging the perfumes. This book is a collection of this married couple's personal opinions. Ho Hum.
0316143472|4.0|As a long-time Sedaris fan, I was happy to see David had published a new book.  No one writes sarcasm better than Sedaris and this book has some of his best essays and short stories.
0307387178|5.0|I read \\"Into the Wild\\" after watching the movie, which I don't regret doing.  I thought the movie was pretty good but was surprised too find that I could not stop thinking about Chris McCandless and the people he that impacted.  So I picked up a copy of the book.  I have read several negative reviews about this book, complaining about Jon Krakauer glorifies an ignorant young man who died as a result of his lack of experience and respect for the Alaska wilderness.  As well as Jon's attempt to compare Chris to other individuals who took similar risks and lost their lives as a result.  And then offering his own account to a time in his life that he felt matched the path that Chris had taken.  However, I don't think that this should discourage someone from reading this novel.  I found it fasinating and feel that Jon did an impeccable job of doing his research, bringing in the stories of people who were impacted by Chris, as well as doing his best to bring some sort of understanding as to WHY Chris did what he did.  Only Chris McCandless knows what went on in those last days of his life, everyone can speculate but it's for a lost cause.  I think that the fact that the McCandless family trusted Jon Kraukauer with the story of their sons struggles and ultimately his death says something about Jon as an author as well as the story he has brought to life.  I highly recommend this book.  I could not put it down and have been talking about it non-stop to whomever will listen.  It gets you thinking and isn't that one of the primary reasons why we read?
0452289963|5.0|This is by far the best book I have read on managing your mind and therefore your life.  I read it twice to make sure I didn't miss anything, and I never read a book all the way through a second time.  I bought copies for my college age daughters and they are now reading it. I know this is a very strong statement, but I believe it is the most important book published since the bible.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|I usually am not a fan of pop music but once in awhile I will find a pop album that will charm the pants off me. Last year it was Amy Winehouse's breakthrough second album BACK TO BLACK, this year it is Duffy's ROCKFERRY. It is hard not to notice the Dusty Springfield and Amy Winehouse comparison. Like troubled trainwreck Amy Winehouse, there is a grittiness to Duffy's voice. Unlike Amy, Duffy's music is more poppier and lacks the retro r&b influences. ROCKFERRY is thirty seven minutes of bliss. The album is short but very sweet. I was immediately hooked the moment I first heard the title track \\"Rockferry\\". The songs are soulful pop with retro flavor added to the mix. While all ten songs are excellent, the two songs that really stood out for me is \\"Rockferry\\" and the infectious \\"Mercy\\". I like the added sass that Duffy adds to the song. I can just hear her attitude come through on that particular song. The production on the album is as gritty and raw as Amy Winehouse's albums. Here is hope that Duffy has a bright future that won't lead her down the same troubled road that Amy has gone down in the past year.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|Okay, so I'm a little impartial; I'm a huge Cate Blanchett fan and also love historical movies. That being said I think this is a great movie, and even better than the first. There has been a lot of criticism that the film is not historically accurate, and while that may be true, it is called historical fiction for a reason; if you're looking for a documentary on Elizabeth I, I would recommend [[ASIN:B000065Q9D Elizabeth: The Acclaimed Saga of England's Virgin Queen]] produced by the History Channel. Some people have said this movie is only good for eye candy and that the plot is incidental and weak, that it isn't complex or motivate the viewer to think. While I don't necessarily disagree with this opinion, I would argue that there are at least two types of cinematic styles that can make a film extraordinary. The first is the intellectual type that requires abstract thinking, attention to detail and a good memory, the type of film that when all the pieces fall into place it seems almost like an epiphany. The second type of extraordinary film is one that is poignant, sensuous, ecstatogenic and fills one with exaltation. Elizabeth - The Golden Age is the latter type of film. It truly is sublime in the Romantic sense; attempting to analyze, interpret, and dissect this film will all cause you to miss the point! One can only appreciate the sublime when one ceases to try to comprehend, label, and order it; you can only stand in awe of it and allow it to overwhelm you. This is not to say that one type of film is better than the other, simply that they cannot be appreciated in the same manner. Think of the joy the first time you solved a complex equation or suddenly grasped a complex scientific theory; this is analogous to appreciation of a highly complex detail oriented film. Now think of the first time you heard Beethoven's \\"Ode to Joy\\"; you certainly wouldn't have been able to appreciate it if you had approached it in the same analytical fashion as say, the Golden Ratio.So, try to approach this film on its own terms, and you won't be disappointed.
0307265730|5.0|This book is a treasure.  Each short story is eloquently written, self-contained, and involving from the first word. The characters are beautifully developed and one really learns about the intergenerational and individual struggles when one settles in a country.
B0016AJU2C|4.0|This album has a fresh sound (nothing like \\"Jagged Little Pill\\") which is easy on the ears.  This album definitely goes along with her emotional state after breaking up with (or being broke up by) her long time beau in what was described as a harsh manner.  Somewhat dark yet very melodic, not dance, not for dancing to (mostly), the album takes the user on a journey from middle eastern like melodies to (really good) bar stage tunes.  I'd recommend it to my friends aside from the \\"but.\\"<br /><br />The one star hit is for not being able to play the CD on my computers DVD/RW drive or CD-ROM drive.  Media player plays a 1-2 second intro then nothing followed by a red \\"X\\" next to each track as the tracks die one by one.  As the CD plays fine in my portable (not tried car yet), I am assuming that either the format of the disk or perhaps an old \\"Sony-style\\" trick of interfering with normal windows operations is at play.  I haven't tested the CD on my PS3 or XBox 360 to see if I can import the CD, but judging by my PC's reaction, I can't have confidence it will work.<br /><br />Such \\"Copyright\\" protection assumes that I am going to boot leg the CD and ship it onto a old school napster-like file sharing service and qualify as a pirate.  As I should be \\"innocent until proven guilty\\" such barriers should not exists.  As I don't rip songs for sharing with 1 million people I don't know or rip songs to freely share with my friends such accusative acts do not endear me towards the record company.  All I want to do is use the cd on my media center computer to listen to my CD anywhere in my house.<br /><br />Buy the CD if you want to use it in your car or personal CD player, skip the CD and buy the MP3 version if you want to actually use the music in the digital age.
0684135051|5.0|What a great little book. The patterns are written in prose rather than the standard format so that they are very clear and easy to understand for the beginner. Although photographs of the finished pieces are not included it's quick and easy to find the projects made by other knitters with a simple internet search.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Very solid CD. I love listening to it and consider it a great buy for anyone who loves good singing.
B0014XCMVM|4.0|I cannot believe it took Alanis so long to put out another album but I'm really glad she did. Citizen of the Planet & Underneath are definitely my favorite songs on this album. The song Underneath I could listen to over & over. This CD is one you can play at a party & dance yourself silly. Though I prefer Alanis acoustic and without all the dance beats, this was a refreshing sound and a CD I enjoy in the car. I'm hoping maybe she will do a couple of the songs acoustically at a later time. There were a couple songs on here that weren't quite as memorable, but all in all it was a good CD to listen to. I was cleaning the house when I first listened to it and I must say, it made cleaning seem so much better when you can dance around with the broom.
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I was looking at this band's reviews on Metacritic and didn't find one album by them that was ever below a 70 or above an 80.  Everyone bashes them for the same reasons and yet they have been the biggest selling Rock band of this decade so they must be doing something right.  A friend somehow got a copy of this album early (I don't ask questions nor do I burn it, but I did listen to it many times) and like every album they've put out so far it took me several listens to fully embrace it.  Once I did I found it to be just as great as their previous works and aside from Rush Of Blood, better.  They straddle a fine line between making Rock for the throngs without sounding like Nickelback, Snow Patrol or Keane.  They have always been able to distinguish themselves in my eyes.<br /><br />Some have complained that they are no longer Alternative Rock but simply a Pop band and belong in the same vein as Britney Spears.  I don't even know how to respond to such silliness...Britney Spears?!?  Put the pipe down please!  And Alternative?  What, is it 1991 or 2008?  They never belonged in that category to begin with.  Like it or not they have always been like the band they have striven to emulate...U2.  Both bands have created music for the masses (sorry DM) while managing to have a certain musical integrity that kept them from becoming another typical band from their respective eras.  They may or may not be better than U2 depending on your perspective, however, that doesn't matter.  The similarities in career trajectory are obvious in my humble opinion.<br /><br />Which brings us to Viva La Vida.  I have to admit that I don't see too much experimentation on this record.  I kept reading that this was going to be a Eno influenced mind warp that would shatter all notions we had regarding this band.  I mean, sure, compared to their previous albums its a bit more adventurous but its not a Joshua Tree to Achtung Baby type of shift in the overall sonic landscape.  They've simply written another batch of outstanding songs and presented them with a bit more suprising arrangements, however, the core strength of the songwriting remains.  I admit they've never been the greatest lyricists yet somehow you end up memorizing the songs quicker than most bands so there effective none the less.<br /><br />So far my favorite tracks are Lost!, Yes and Lovers In Japan.  What's nice about this album is how cohesive all the songs are in relation to each other.  Some serious thought was put into the track listing and it shows.  So there you have it.  If you really, really like this band then you will probably really, really like this album after several spins.  If you don't like it out of the gate but loved their previous discs give it some more time.  If you have never liked them all that much then move along please, there's nothing to see here.  Personally I love it and hope they continue to make music for a long time to come.  I just wish someone would stop Chris Martin from doing interviews.  He manages to stick his foot and the foot of whoever is next to him in his mouth everytime.  Sorry, had to be said.ch of outstanding songs and presented them with a bit more suprising arrangements, however, the core strength of the songwriting remains.  I admit they've never been the greatest lyricists yet somehow you end up memorizing the songs quicker than most bands so there effective none the less.    So far my favorite tracks are Lost!, Yes and Lovers In Japan.  What's nice about this album is how cohesive all the songs are in relation to each other.  Some serious thought was put into the track listing and it shows.  So there you have it.  If you really, really like this band then you will probably really, really like this album after several spins.  If you don't like it out of the gate but loved their previous discs give it some more time.  If you have never liked them all that much then move along please, there's nothing to see here.  Personally I love it and hope they continue to make music for a long time to come.  I just wish someone would stop Chris Martin from doing interviews.  He manages to stick his foot and the foot of whoever is next to him in his mouth everytime.  Sorry, had to be said.
B00140PK6O|5.0|Every aspect of 1840's British Village life seemed to be  represented in this BBC \\"Little-House-on-the-Prairie-meets-Dame-Judith\\" masterpiece. It is tender, romantic, tragic, charming, hilarious, thoughtful - and all with that outstanding cast. I didn't want the series to end, even though the ending was satisfying on many levels. Elizabeth Gaskell is new to me, but I know Cranford will become part of my regular rotation along with the BBC Jane Austens and Charles Dickens' to be savored - like going home - again and again.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|What happens when you mix a strange combination of Walt Disney Studios and Tim Burton, Christmas and Halloween, horror and romance, tragedy and comedy? The result is a stop-motion animated musical that's become a cult classic for the whole family.    Jack Skellington is the Pumpkin King of Halloween Town. He's altogether fearsome and empathetic, monstrous and charming, and basically a good guy (even if a little over ambitious). But he's become disenchanted with his routine life. Every year he leads the other creepy citizens of his town in a Halloween scare fest, but what's there to do the other 364 days of the year? Jack finds out when he and his ghost-dog, Zero accidentally come across a forest where upon each tree there's a door representing every holiday. Jack stumbles through one of the doors and finds himself in Christmas Town. After learning a bit about Christmas, Jack becomes obsessed with replicating it in his own delightfully twisted way. He enlists the help of Lock, Shock and Barrel, the town's local juvenile gang, to kidnap Santa Claus so that Jack can take over Christmas for that year. But all goes awry when the sinister Oogie Boogie plots against Jack. He plans to take control of Halloween Town while Jack is out playing \\"Sandy Claws\\". Meanwhile in our world Jack's presents turn out to be disastrous, mainly because they consist of toys like dead ducks on strings, disembodied heads and demonic stuffed animals. Soon the military is called in to shoot down Jack's sleigh along with his skeletal reindeer. Can Jack's friends save him in time? His greatest allies include a vampire trio, the literally two-faced Mayor, and Sally, a reanimated corpse who's fallen desperately in love with Jack.    It's hard to believe that this year marks the 15th anniversary of the perennial holiday favorite. It's also interesting to note that many of Tim Burton's fans consider this to be his best film, which is ironic because he didn't actually direct it. Henry Selick is the director, though Burton's signature style is all over this film. It looks like Edward Gorey's [[ASIN:0151003084 The Gashlycrumb Tinies]] book meets an Edvard Munch painting. The humor is reminiscent of [[ASIN:B0002CX1LG The Munsters]], [[ASIN:B000HEZEYG The Addams Family]], [[ASIN:B000HA4WDY Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas!]], and Burton's own [[ASIN:B00004U8P8 Edward Scissorhands]]. The film even reminds me of [[ASIN:B000ADS63K The Wizard of Oz]]. It has important moral messages about not judging people on their appearance, accepting your own individuality and the true meaning of Christmas (generosity, sacrifice and unconditional love).    The new 2-disc edition is loaded with special features including:  an audio commentary track, a digital copy of the film, the short film Vincent, the short film Frankenweenie, Christopher Lee's recital of Tim Burton's poem which inspired the film, and numerous documentaries and featurettes about the making of the film.    I also recommend the superb [[ASIN:B000IFRQHC Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas]] soundtrack which features the original voice cast performing all of your favorite songs as well as new narration by Patrick Stewart. Also included is a second disc that contains contemporary artists performing covers of their favorite Nightmare Before Christmas songs. It's the only album released under the Disney banner to feature Marilyn Manson and songs about kidnapping and torturing Santa Claus, which alone makes this a must-have.
B00005JPFH|5.0|I really enjoyed watching the third installment of the Spiderman series. The plot is great, the animation is outstanding, and the acting is great. Peter Parker's life gets turned around when a black symbiote attaches itself to his suit. The suit enhances his powers, but makes his heart turn dark. Will Spiderman be able to defeat the powers of the black suit?
0375423877|5.0|I get a little kick out of thinking about Mma Ramotswe (a.k.a. Precious) driving all over Botswana and South Africa in her little white van. Whether in pursuit of straying husband, solving the mystery of a doctor with on and off again abilities, tracking down a kidnapped boy, exposing the farce of an elderly \\"father,\\" or spying on a teenager for her father, Mma Ramotswe is a remarkable lady who knows her stuff. Always a curious child who \\"watched everybody and everything will her wide, solemn eyes,\\" her bent for detective work was nurtured by a cousin who wanted her to be clever.<br /><br />In addition to regaling the reader with Mma Ramotswe's investigative experiences, Smith includes a history of the likeable sleuth's earlier life, including a painful early marriage. He also tells the story of Precious's father Obed who worked in the mines, thus letting us know more about the history, culture, and geography of Botswana. A line preceding this section is particularly stirring: \\"His life was unrecorded; who is there to write down the lives of ordinary people?\\" Indeed, who?<br /><br />Although one doesn't ordinarily think of detective work as amusing, Smith has managed to write a delightful novel about an absolutely charming person who feels that she was called to help her brothers and sisters solve the mysteries of their lives. I felt a little sad when I finished it and have already ordered the next in the series. I must know if she marries J.L.B Matekoni and lives happily ever after.
0316143472|5.0|I always worry that David Sedaris is going to run out of great stories, but by some miracle, he doesn't.  I'm listening to this book (got it at audible.com) on my ipod while walking in the morning.  I must look like an idiot grinning and laughing every block or two. I do recommend the audio version--Sedaris has a great, comedic voice.  You'll enjoy the fact that Sedaris lets us in on the plain realities of his life (going to Princeton, his relationship with Hugh, etc.) a bit more than in earlier collections.  Don't know what's bugging other reviewers.  I give the book at A+.
0452289963|5.0|Tolle's book is worthwhile....it is a pyschological compass of sorts, helping out with keeping modern distractions (especially ego-driven ones) in perspective.....
B00000K3UU|5.0|Adam Sandler stars in this movie about a man who pretends to be Kevin Garrady. Shortly a kid named Julian shows up at his door with a guy from child services saying that he's his son. Then starts the laughs as Julian and Kevin do all kinds of wacky things together. I really enjoyed this movie and thought it was hilarious. If you're an Adam Sandler fan, definately get this movie for yourself. You won't be disappointed!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Oh my god This Disk is soooo good!!! Im a hardcore Priest fan. Im not just saying its great cause I love them so much either. But You have to understand that Priest never hyped this as the next Painkiller. They said from the beginning that this would be an experimental album that takes you on a journey. And they accomplished their goal.  There are alot of keyboards and they fit in with the material perfectly.  I thought Angel Of Retribution was amazing as well but had no desire for them to repeat them selves. I will say that the first time I heard it I knew it would take a few listens. I mean its over 2 hours of music. Dont try to judge it in 1 listen.   Favorite tracks so far:  Pestilence and Plague  WAR  Exiled (listen to the Terminator Drums, great!!!)    This is Priest like youve never heard 'em. And thats not a bad thing.  If you like it when bands dont rehash the same crap over, and over, and over I think you will enjoy this.
B000B0QOJA|5.0|This music was previously available on unauthorized releases.  It is such an incredible set that over the years it has been held up as an example of excellence in ensemble playing in jazz studies in music departments all over the country.  As if that wasn't praise enough (actions speak louder than words), I'm going to add my paltry 2 cents worth on what an incredible find these recordings are and how much, as a semi-pro jazz musician, I enjoy them.<br /><br />I'm listening to Song of Praise from this set as I type this. First of all, it's just amazing to me that it took about 40 years after Trane's passing to get this out to the public in non-bootleg form.  I have an EXTENSIVE Coltrane library that runs from his early days with Miles' quintet in the mid 50's up until the Live In Japan 4 CD set.  Some people don't like the later stuff.  Some people find the early stuff too tame.  This live session gives us Trane, Jones, Tyner, and Garrison at the summit of their work together, smack dab in the middle of the transition from modal playing to free playing.  Not too much honking and screaming but there's plenty of multiphonics and harmonics in Trane's playing.  It's just fantastic!<br /><br />I don't get the criticism of Tyner in the review written by Mr Pharaoh's [sic] Wail. Can't hang? That's just ridiculous my uninformed friend.  He's a perfect foil here. Even Trane himself disagrees with you in the things he said and wrote after McCoy left the band.  If you have studied this man and his music with some bookwork you will know that Trane did not want Tyner to leave his band at all and was upset to loose his long-time friend and accompanist. Do YOU really think you know better than Trane?  Of course you don't.  All of these guys are playing with incredible intensity on this session.  The quartet is in historic, awe-inspiring form here.  If you think (Pharoah's [sic] Wail, obviously a Sander's fan) that Tyner is strolling because he can't keep up, you are so wrong.  Trane would often ask Tyner to stroll so that he could play with being tied to harmonic constructs, i.e., for the freedom. Trane loved playing with Tyner and vice-versa until Tyner felt the music lost all elements of classic tonality anyway - that just wasn't his thing.  But can't keep up? Please, go back to school dude.  I like the Sander's stuff too but I would never knock such an incredible musician as McCoy Tyner, he more than knows what needs to be done and executes beautifully throughout this set.<br /><br />Some have criticized the announcements heard throughout the disc.  This does not bother me in the least. It's the same format as that other legendary release from the Portraits in Jazz series recorded at the Half Note. Of course I'm writing about Wes Montgomery's Smokin' at the Half Note.  The announcements give the listener a real sense of \\"being there\\"<br /><br />Some have criticized the fidelity of this release.  This does not sound any worse than the other live performances out there and it is even better than some of the releases we've had from the 1961 tour of Europe with Eric Dolphy.  Speaking of Dolphy - one of the seminal influences of King Crimson Mk I - if you don't own the Complete Village Vanguard you need to go to that link and buy THAT release before spending your money on this fiery jewel.<br /><br />As a Coltrane LOVER (since 1975) and a serious jazz musician (semi-pro) for the past 30 years or so, I'm well qualified to tell you that this collection from the Half Note is positively stunning and it is well worth the $22.00 or so you are going to pay for it.  Buy this at once if you want to expand your Live Coltrane collection.  If you don't own any live Coltrane, this isn't the place to start. Come back later.<br /><br />I DO agree with the reviewer who writes that if you are new to Trane you should start with Live at the Village Vanguard and Live at Birdland.  I think you probably also want to add Coltrane at Newport and Afro Blue Impressionsto that list of live releases to purchase before this.  Then, after purchasing this, move on to Live in Seattle and Live in Japan.  They are ALL worth owning and are ALL outstanding.this.  Then, after purchasing this, move on to Live in Seattle and Live in Japan.  They are ALL worth owning and are ALL outstanding.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|Other than the mp3 of Uninvited (very cool song), I haven't bought any Alanis material in a while, but this new CD is amazing.  I have been listening to it non-stop since I got it yesterday.  Underneath and Straitjacket are my two favorite songs so far.<br /><br />It doesn't have as much guitar as I'd like, but it still rocks.  Her voice is so good, it's like the music is just a background for her to riff on, and the song writing is very clever.  Highly recommended.
B00005V9IK|5.0|Aliens coming to destroy earth. That's basically Independence Day in a nutshell. But there's A LOT more to it than that. Not only does Will Smith star in this one, but the special effects in it are just unbelievable! This is definately one of the top sci-fi movies I love watching again and again. The aliens bombing Washington D.C looks just unbelievably real!!! If you don't believe me, watch the movie for yourself. Not only does the alien spaceship look real, but the aliens themselves look great, too! For all you alien, Will Smith, or sci-fi fans out there, this is a must for you!!!
B000P12LWY|4.0|This is a Historical Novel/Mini-Series, never meant to be a factually accurate.  It's rich in costume detail, locations, stunning photography, makeup and many period antiques, but they took liberties with the chronology, dialog, cheezy Computer Graphics and a few facts!<br /><br />Who cares.  It reaches out and grabs your attention - it's hard to walk away from the scenes and scenery.  You can look up the facts on your computer, while you watch the shows again and again.  It's fun to find the flows and oversights, and I was anything but offended with the lack of accuracy.  The passion, the impressions, and the impact are accurate enough.<br /><br />The real King Henry was a repulsive and disgusting, and the on-going plague was unimaginable to most of us (those who haven't been to a 3rd world country, that is).<br /><br />I gotta get some of that Bling, too!
B00008BXJJ|5.0|My husband had this double disc set for years and I lost one of the cds.  Needless to say, I had to get it back!  It is a double disc set, not 1 cd with all the songs on it.....just like the original........we LOVE it!!!
0060005696|5.0|Schwartz has a compelling argument: the more options we have for each choice, the higher our expectation and the longer the decision process. For a number of people (especially those that like to 'maximize' every decision) this can be a very frustrating and potentially debilitating. He reports on studies that show how people are actually better off (more satisfied with outcomes) when given fewer choices. Clearly, this concept has been understood for a while, especially in marketing circles where the goal has been to 'take advantage' of customer behavior. However, Schwartz takes the perspective of the individual or consumer and shows how we can be manipulated and perhaps 'left hanging' when the array of choice is bewildering. This book has a very practical approach to the issue, ending with suggestions on how to address the challenges presented with having too much choice.  I bought a copy for myself, then ended up buying two more copies because I kept loaning it out to others who reported that a third party ended up taking it, instead of giving it back.
630529142X|5.0|\\"Water's better than gatorade\\", \\"but mommy said...\\" are just a few of the waterboy's catch lines from the Waterboy. This is definately one of Sandler's best known movies. Here he stars as a waterboy who claims that water is always better than gatorade...only to be knocked out or teased by the football players. But when Bobby (Sandler) makes a great play in football, he becomes a \\"legend\\". This is a must for any Adam Sandler fan!!!
B000002MG1|5.0|R.E.M.-Automatic For The People *****<br /><br />Automatic For The People is widely regarded as the bands greatest album along side the genius [[ASIN:B0000073AU Murmur]], which I believe is better. This acclaim is not unworthy as Automatic is one hell of an album, and while it isn't the bands best effort, it sure is their most ambitious, and daring.<br /><br />This remains the groups best selling and most popular album for one reason, and that is Michael Stipes ambitious lyrics. Songs like the bitter-sweet, almost too good 'Everybody Hurts' and the eccentric tribute of 'Man On The Moon' (which they do amazing live by the way) went on to drive this album in the psyches of every rock fan in the early 1990's gaining R.E.M. fans in the most unlikely of groups. 'Drive' should have been a bigger hit, and 'Try Not To Breathe' might be the best song Stipe ever wrote. But it is 'Ignoreland' that haunts me. It is with out the strongest song in the bands canon subject matter wise, as well as the richest. With a too good to be true chorus, and Michael Stipes' patent vocal lines this is easily one of the groups finest.<br /><br />But where Stipe ends, Buck begins. Peter Buck is a genius and there is no taking that away from him. 'New Orleans Instrumental No.1' is vital, and stunning, and there is nothing to it. his acoustic guitar work through out the album rivals almost anything else he has ever done, except for maybe his work with The Replacements.<br /><br />Automatic For The People was at the time R.E.M.'s most lush album, though looking back it was clearly just a sign of things to come. R.E.M. have released a number of amazing albums, but only three would I call essential. Accelerate, Murmur, and Automatic For The People.
B000063KG6|5.0|what can i tell you, about this cd. isbeautifull as any ten years after cd. I JUST LOVE THIS GUIS, do not miss this, is autentic.
B0018S6YOE|1.0|So they are charging $10 after I already bought the original for $14 which contains 3 songs less.   I'm not interested in all the video fluff so basically buying this would mean paying $3.33 per extra song - No thanks.  A really helpful review would be to tell us where someone can trade the original CD in for this one and get the $4 + tax back????  Market scams like this doesn't make me very sympathetic to the industry cry of piracy.
B00005JN0T|5.0|Will Smith stars in this film about how high tech robots turn out to be murdurous after a central brain \\"Vicki\\" programs them to \\"do her plan\\". Detective Spooner (Will Smith) is out to solve the case. I really enjoyed this movie. It's full of action and suspense. It's definately a keeper for any sci-fi fan.
B00177Y9ZC|4.0|Having read a lot of reviews dismissing this film I rented it only to find that I was pleasantly surprised. Sure there were some elements that made the plot a little too neat and tidy (e.g. nearly omnipotent Paladins, Mom just happens to be a Paladin, no one ever ends up jumping into the middle of a mountain, etc). But if you're willing to take these contrivances and lock them in a box for the duration (and its a science fiction movie so I think you should be) then you will enjoy this film.    There was action, a little romance, an acceptible plot, and subtle and well executed effects. Jumper won't cure baldness or make you a better person. It will however provide a very nice distraction. So some summer evening break out the popcorn, suspend your disbelief and prepare to teleport into adventure.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|What is this crap all about?  Anyone who writes that they \\"appreciate how Priest can expand their borders\\" just doesn't know what Priest is all about: METAL!!!  Sure, they changed some from album to album, but look what happened when TURBO came out...  Everyone (except the hairband fans) was shocked!  How did they go from DEFENDERS to TURBO?  So, what the heck have they been thinking since they reunited?  ANGEL was crap and NOSTRADAMUS is even worse (and it's twice as long!).  Priest has forgotten what made them the big, leaders of metal: their fans.  And most Priest fans want to hear crunching guitars, pounding drums and Rob's impressive range of vocals...  Not some melodic, symphonic crap...  Just a total misstep.
B000V86OKG|5.0|that 'dexter' is an excellent series with the exceptional performance of michael c. hall. a very fine actor, who was also outstanding as the gay  funeral director in 'six feet under.'  based on the vast wasteland tv has become, i'd like to congratulate showtime on presenting ,imho, the two finest dramas presently still in production; those being 'dexter' and 'brotherhood.'  since 'the wire' is no longer, hbo, still has two wonderful shows; 'curb your enthusiasm' and 'big love.' but not much else.  and two big thumbs up for the best of all cable staions, fx. 'rescue me', 'the shield',  and 'damages' are all awesome. i find it extremely hard to believe that 'fx' is in any way related to the very lame 'fox' network.  as for the major networks, it's a swamp of terrible shows; the only series on the major networks i can watch without being embarrassed is 'the office.'it appears that 'abc', 'nbc', cbs, and 'fox' think the majority of the american populace is stupid; based on the longevity of the garbage these networks put out, perhaps they're right.
6305232660|5.0|Basically the plot is about 2 meteors that are about to strike earth. Everyone panics. I especially enjoyed watching this movie. I have seen both Deep Impact and Armaggedon. I can honestly say that Deep Impact is much better than Armaggedon. Armaggedon just has people landing on a meteor then blowing it up. There's much more to Deep Impact than just that. Both movies have great effects, but Deep Impact still passes it up. The special effects are just amazing! (especially where the meteor hits the water and makes a big tidal wave) It's simply an outstanding movie. If you saw Armeggedon and liked it, then you will be even more impressed with Deep Impact!
B000P0J09C|3.0|What a gyp!  I had hoped Full Mental Jacket would challenge Apocalypse Now and Platoon for film supremacy as far as Vietnam War storytelling was concerned, but, in my opinion, it fell way short of its target.  Full Metal Jacket could easily have been named Full Mental Straight-Jacket for Private Pyle's (psyche collapse at the end of the first act). It demonstrates the mental breakdown of a new recruit, who was not too well put together in the first place; the systematic deconstruction of individual recruits in boot camp was a common design and practice by drill instructors on both coasts - MCRD in San Diego, CA and at Paris Island, NC. Lee Emery's depiction of Gunnery Sgt. Hartman was genuinely scary.  I suppose his history as a real life drill instructor had alot to do with his character's authenticity and power. This was a casting coup for Kubrick, but that's where the genius ended.  Every other character came off as unbelievable, paper thin, and one-dimensional.  Pyle's schizophrenia can be seen as America's conscience and attitude about the war.  On some level this worked, as America turned against itself during that time when the pressure got to be too much, not unlike Private Plye shooting Sgt. Hartman and then himself.  The only surprise in the entire film. After Act I the film took a steep nose dive and never recovered before it crashed and burned somewhere near Hue City.  Interestingly, all three of these Vietnam War movies are narrated by a protagonist, but Kubrick's Private Joker was the weakest character of the bunch.  Compared to Lieutenant Willard (Martin Sheen) in Apocalypse Now and Private Taylor (Charlie Sheen) in Platoon, Matthew Modine's soulless depiction of a war correspondent was never within the whelm of belief or sympathy.  Far from it.  He was, for my part, unlikable from beginning to end. His only action of merit was when he busted a cap in the wounded VC sniper at the very end of the film.  Finally a heroic, and merciful act, but even thatcan be up for debate. \\"Hard corps\\", oh  yeah!  Private Joker's only act of redemption, and Kubrick's, too.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|Like many of the people who have already written reviews of this abomination I have been a loyal fan of Judas Priest for 30 years. I was concerned when I first heard that they were working on a concept album about \\"Nostradumbass\\" after hearing this piece of garbage my fears were right on the money. There's nothing to say but remember what a litte album called \\"St Anger\\" did for the mighty Metallica? Yeah that's right same applies here. Metallica next album will have to be a step in the right direction or their careers are over. I know Priest tried to produce something amazing for the fans but this album is terrible for all the reasons everybody says it is. Buy the new Testament CD \\"The Formation of Damnation\\" it rocks hard! Let's just hope Priest gets a chance three years from now to release something truly Heavy and Amazing!
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|This is one of the funniest shows since FRIENDS... yet not comparable, although, similar... get it!  So if you want some awesome laughs, SUIT UP and watch this LEGEND... wait for it.... DARY show.
B0012Q732O|4.0|I like it.  Yes, the story is a weird mish-mash of almost everything conceivable but, it's a FANTASY, not history.  It's more like \\"Eregon\\" than Louis Leakey.<br /><br />These are mammoth dependent people, similar to the mammoth-societies of the Siberian steppe.  Yes, their mammoths and sabre-tooth are too big.  The sabre-tooth stuff is drawn, whole-cloth, from \\"Androcles and the Lion\\" [shameless really].  Somehow these Siberians live right next to Africa and manage to ally with with tribes of primitive but noble black Africans.  They do this to liberate their people, including the blue-eyed woman, who has been captured by proto-historic Egyptian slave traders.<br /><br />They pursue the slavers over Sahara-like sand dunes do discover the Egyptins building pyramids with slave and mammoth power.  It looks great and is a rip-off of the theory that the Egyptian monuments are far older than the vast majority of archaeologists think.  No matter.  It makes for great Hollywood.<br /><br />Our small band of primitive hunter-gatherers manages to wreck the Egyptians and liberate their people as well as the long-suffering mammoths.<br /><br />Yeah, I know it's crazy, ridiculous--much like Michael Moore films--but, as long as you know it's crazy-ridiculous, you can sit back and enjoy he fun.<br /><br />Ron braithwaite author of novels--\\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\" on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
B0012QE4Q2|3.0|The film adaptation of Philippa Gregory's novel \\"The Other Boleyn Girl\\" left something to be desired. I can list dozens of things wrong with it, but I'll go with the ones that stick out the most.  Anne Boleyn was not shipped off to France as a punishment for secretly marrying a pre-contracted Henry Percy; her father Sir Thomas Boleyn had brought her back from the French Court several years before she ever met Percy, and she was banished to Hever Castle for her indiscretion.  Mary Boleyn is portrayed in the film as a wuss, while in the book she could breathe fire as readily as Anne could.  She's also depicted as having had only the one child with Henry VIII when she had both a girl and a boy with him.  Mary's first husband, William Carey, disappears roughly half-way through the movie, leaving the impression that he went to European and never came back.  The truth is that he died in 1528 from the dreaded sweating sickness, freeing Mary to later wed William Stafford, her second husband.  Henry VIII forcing himself sexually on Anne Boleyn is fictitious; he may have been many things, but a rapist wasn't one of them.  Anne didn't shake or cry at her execution, but went to her death bravely and composedly.  Mary Boleyn Stafford permanently left the Tudor Court with her children and her second husband to live the rest of her life in the country, but she didn't take Elizabeth with her.  The child lived away from the Court in near poverty with a governess and skeleton staff until Jane Seymour, Henry VIII's third wife, persuaded him to bring both Elizabeth and his older daughter Mary back to Court.<br /><br />Now for the performances.  Natalie Portman does a creditable job as Anne Boleyn.  Scarlett Johansson's portrayal of Mary Boleyn is so bland that it's nearly colorless.  Jim Sturgess is quite good as their brother George Boleyn, while David Morrisey, Kristin Scott Thomas, and Mark Rylance (who last Sunday night won a Tony Award for his performance in the play \\"Boeing-Boeing\\") give solid support as the Duke of Norfolk, Lady Elizabeth Boleyn, and Sir Thomas Boleyn.  Eric Bana is acceptable as a young, virile Henry VIII.<br /><br />The scenery, sets and costuming are all you can wish for in a Tudor period piece.e solid support as the Duke of Norfolk, Lady Elizabeth Boleyn, and Sir Thomas Boleyn.  Eric Bana is acceptable as a young, virile Henry VIII.     The scenery, sets and costuming are all you can wish for in a Tudor period piece.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay is possibly the most notible band of the first decade of the 21st century. They have all the uniqueness that allowed them to be compared to the legends of the music industry even putting them on the same pedistil. Now their new album Viva La Vida may actullay be the record that sets that in stone.<br /><br />I always say that whenever a decade comes and goes there is an album and a song that stands out as the greatest I think Coldplay may actually take the win in both catagories. Viva La Vida is nothing but perfect. It is a calming experimental masterpiece. Each song is incredible, the new progressive direction this band has taken paid off tremendously. It is an album you can listen to strait through and a few times over, thanks to its' \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" feel of having the end track ending the same as the first tracks' begining. I hear there are people trash talking this album already, but why? What makes a band great is trying something new with each new release and Coldplay really uses many different styles of music to express their want to evolve. Hey it worked for The Beatles, The Police, Pink Floyd and U2, just to name a few of the rock gods. If you are not up for change my advice is just listen to the old Coldplay records, but give a good listen because you will notice a difference in each one. There are good changes and bad changes its good to know a band like Linkin Park was the one that made the band change and Coldplay made the good one. This album sets the stage for Coldplay to claim their rock immortality
B000AOEMXM|5.0|The five reasons to get this set for Trek fans  1.  Great cast.  Scott Bakula, John Billingsley, Dominick Keating, Anthony Montgomery, Linda Park, Jolene Blalock and Connor Trineer  2.  The Xindi saga in third season  3. The show looks fantasic  4. Season 4 had guest stars such as Johnathan Frakes and Brent Spiner  5.  Classic allstar episodes such as In mirror darkly, Northstar, Dear Doctor, etc...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|What everyone says about this series is true.  It has been one of only a handful of TV series to hold my interest for a whole season. Fox made a mistake, this one should have lasted longer.  The creator had so many loose ends to tie up before this show would have called it quits.  Too bad.  At least they can make another moive to solve that problem.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|The first album was excellent. The second album was great. The third album was good. This album is ok at best. It sounded like the whole band played in a bucket. Coldplay! lay off the reverb. Honestly it sounded like there was a symphony jam session going on in the basement. Fairly it was good but not good. I am for a band trying new things but in this case they kind of went overboard.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I just got one word to say WEAK!!!!I'm very unhappy with this cd..I don't know how any of you guy's could give this release a 5 or 4 or even a 3 star rateing..
B000063UR2|1.0|I recently purchased Legend from this company.  I paid for it new price and I recieved a Used Copy.  It was already opened and the DVD's were scratched as well as parts on inside cover were damaged.  I am dissapointed with that.
0312330537|5.0|This is the best book I have read in a long time!  It is beautifully written.  It is exciting, romantic, soul searching, and gives a very clear and wonderful look into life in India, especially Bombay.  Gregory David Roberts also enables to reader to really feel what he was feeling about his life at the time this all took place in this wonderful autobiography. I am sure this will be made into a movie!
B00102FELM|5.0|Great concert, they play a lot of classics from the 70's that I have never seen performed live before.
B00005JKGK|5.0|It's a sad fact of life that most of us never take the time to get to know the people who made it possible for us be here.  Parents, for many of us, remain an enigma.  Their lives, before we came into the world, are all to often shrouded in a mist does not rise while they are alive. A mist that all to often becomes permanantly impenatrable after they have left this world.  For the young women in this movie this is not to be the case.  Because of the circumstances of thier lives these mothers will reveal thier secrets to thier daughters.  The daughters will learn the wisdom of thier mothers and find that they learn much about themselves in the process.  This movie will pull every emotion out of you and leave you feeling tired, but better for the journey.  It will leave you with wisdom by which to judge, and perhaps change, your lives.  Give it to someone you love and then share the experience with them.  I did and I'm glad!
B0013FNC38|4.0|I bought this CD on a whim because it was on sale for cheap at a national electronics retailer that has some of the, um, best buys. Anyway...I figured there was little to lose & I had heard \\"I'm Yours\\" on VH1 & thought it was catchy. Wow! This CD is catchy, witty, well-produced, hooky, poppy, infectious & did I mention catchy. The songs will find a space in your head & camp out there for days. Bouncy, mid-tempo, & slower-paced songs. Cheeky, clever, sometimes innuendo-laden lyrics, a wide array of instrumentation and arrangements (is that a choir I heard in one song!?). I was really impressed upon first listen. And the more I listened, the more I liked.<br />I wasn't totally unfamiliar with Jason Mraz, as \\"The Remedy\\" was pretty much inescapable a few years ago, but I found that song too slick & overproduced. Now I have a great deal more respect for Mr. A-Z. This CD is a lot of fun. I listen to it at work, while I'm driving around in the car, at the pool. It's not trying to save the world or end hunger or cure cancer, it's plain just fun, and isn't that what great pop music is all about?
B0016A2FFG|1.0|Very weak.  Nothing special.  Al Green is \\"mailing it in.\\"  Not a good addition to my collection.
B000JJRIP2|4.0|This box set is definetely the real Kiss box to have if you want to cover all the Kiss era. In fact here we have Alive I&II, probably the best ever rock live albums both digitally remastered, we have Alive III that cover the unmasked 80's period and moreover we have the unreleased original Alive IV, that well documents the reunion of the original lineup and feautures the best ever live versions of Firehouse, Lick it up and Love Gun. If you want to know/hear what is Kiss all about, this is the best representation!
B0018AK9RA|3.0|This is definitely no \\"Painkiller\\" or \\"Screaming for Vengeance\\" CDs from them.    It is mediocre Priest.  It is not very heavy at all.  I really would not call it Metal at all.  Nothing about this CD is Metal.      Priest playing mediocre nothing special Symphony Hard Rock is all this CD is.    Unless you really like Symphony Hard Rock, I do not recommend this at all.      Some songs on here are pretty good and are not so bad, but there are not many.  There are many skip over/what was the band thinking when they made this/something to leave ignored songs on this CD.    There are a handful of good songs on here.  Not many.  It is only worth the price of the CD to hear those handful of songs.  Most of the CD is worthless.    This is nothing more than overdone and overproduced Priest.    This is not the Priest I know.    If you want Priest's best CDs, go with:  \\"Live in London\\" 2-CD concert, \\"Painkiller\\", \\"Stained Class\\", \\"Sad Wings of Destiny\\", \\"Screaming for Vengeance\\", \\"Unleashed in the East\\", and \\"British Steel\\".    Definitely not the \\"Nostradamus\\" CD.    I like how they tried something new, but it just is not heavy enough.  It is a very weak CD overall.      This CD is barely worth effort of buying.    Mediocre at best.
B00144VBBS|4.0|Hi I first heard about Toby Keith when i saw his movie Broken Bridges as i live in Australia we are not always up to date with your Country and Western singers. I was very impressed with the songs in the movie and got the soundtrack album.  Then i saw advertised this album 35 Greatest Hits and i thought that i liked his voice so much i would get this album.  I find his songs so varied and this reflects in his voice.  His music has a very pleasant sound that you can listen to over and over.  I feel that i will get many years of enjoyment listening to Toby Keith and i am very happy to have discovered his music.  Thankyou Toby Keith and keep dishing out the songs and albums for all to appreciate your music.  thanks all for reading this review and i hope you buy his albums and appreciate his music as much as i do. cheers from down under here in australia.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|I was one of the fans who thought that Stargate SG-1 had the perfect ending point after the Season 8 Finale.  It took awhile for me to get used to the Ori plot and some new characters, but the show carried on just like it did before.  I was miffed when the show was cancelled right before the 200th (and arguably worst) episode aired.  When the end came, like other fans, I found the episode \\"Unending\\" to be lacking.  \\"The Ark of Truth\\" is intense and dramatic.  While it is the length of a full feature film, I thought it was more like a very long (and cool) episode of Stargate SG-1.  Even though the show has been cancelled, it still has the chance to live on in these movies.  I hope there are many more like it!  May the saga of Stargate continue on.
0060987464|5.0|If squeamish, don't bother. After reading this I  have a lower opinion of everybody. If this is by any means the 18 to 34 yrs old mentalitity then it is even lower. overall a good book. A honestly and realistic veiw. Basically a Satanist who isn't like Peter Gilmore is a WELCOME to my bookshelf anytime.I HATE Peter Gilmore! what a pretentiuos sissy.
B0010X73ZG|5.0|The movie isn't anything you every saw of Stephen King. It does have a very depressing ending. The story isn't about Monsters but more about Us. We are the Monsters. If squeamish don't watch the movie about Us.
B0010YPTGU|5.0|I'll forever treasure this DVD masterpiece. Its a feeling of being there at Tuscany, Italy. Many thanks to the producers and also AMAZON for marketing this product.
B000002HPT|4.0|...and they are probably my favirote band. Its hard for me to enjoy this album as much as their other's. I'm more into the Scenes from a Memory/Train of Thought type album's, as well as the earlier ones.<br /><br />This album was definatelly a departure for the band in that it takes a much more rockish feel. Most of it is slow to mid-paced and Portney is probably represented in his most conservative form on this album than any of the other DT albums. The physical sound of the album itself, the mix, is very much in a straightforward rock format. Gone is the reverb of arena band's, as is the more sharp prog/fusion sound, particularly in Mike's drumkit. The vocal melodies are also very Poppy on this album. All around it just feels stifled to me, for Dream Theater anyhow.<br /><br />If your used to the classic excellence in every word, riff, and beat, I'm not saying its not here, but I feel it's dealt out in a much more conservative fashion. My favirote part of Dt, as is probably with most of you, is the anticipated guitar/keyboard/drumkit flashdance in the middle of most of DT's songs. I relish every incredibley forward thinking note they toss about in these moments and this album just doesn't have enough of them IMHO.<br /><br />For any DT fan this is, of course, required listening, but if your the casual fan who is into the more heavy material then you might do fine just totally bypassing this mediocre showing.
B0000630BT|4.0|Put quite simply, a masterpiece of aggression from one of the creators of modern heavy metal. Sounds as good now as it did then...A must have for any metalhead.
B000002I97|5.0|as timely today ,as it was in '71.This is a must listen for anyone with a heart and soul.It's the kind of music thats too good for radio,have a listen to what a real songwriter can do.
B0000019PA|5.0|Yes, it's that good.  There isn't a note, a beat, a breath out of place.  If you don't get, you just don't get it.
B00005JKDR|4.0|My four-year old enjoyed this movie, and was not scared by the monsters, but didn't really understand what was going on (although I thought it was hysterical).  I would recommend for perhaps 6 or 7+.
B000TFINY6|3.0|Being a fan of the show LOST, I greatly anticipated this set, especially because it's on blu-ray, the best that HD has to offer. As I expected the picture was razor sharp and the sound was crystal clear. But watching through the set, Discs 1-4 were fine, just as they should be, but when I popped in disc 5 expecting to watch the next episodes. To my dismay, it was the same content as disc 1, only mislabed as disc 5. Regrettingly I had to send the set back to Amazon for a replacement. Keeping my fingers crossed hoping to finish season 3 of this great series.
0316143472|2.0|No new ground is broken in these stories--many of which I found rather dull and unappealing.
B000KRNG5E|4.0|In the city of New York, a woman named Sarah discovers a book called \\"The Three Mothers\\" which describes about an architech named Varelli whom build a trio of tombs for the Three Mothers whom are three very evil witches that were meant to be buried. She accidently unleashes unspeakable evil, her boyfriend whom just came back from Rome he finds out that Sarah is dead and must solve the mystery of these bizarre killings and weird happenings.<br /><br />Very dark and bloody yet complex supernatural horror thriller shocker from Italy's greatest horror maestero Dario Argento is one of the better films of his carreer. Sure the plot is full of holes and can be a tad confusing, but the film does offer some visually stunning atmosphere and some gory murders like decapictations and bloody stabbings. It's suppose to be part of the \\"Three Mothers\\" trilogy which started with \\"Suspiria\\" as this movie is suppose to be a sequel to and finished recently with \\"Mother of Tears: The Third Mother\\" as this is worth a look for fans of the genre and Dario Argento.<br /><br />This DVD which is a re-issue of the Anchor Bay release contains a very good transfer and excellent sound with some good extras like a subtitled interview with Dario Argento, trailer, Still Gallery and talent bios.<br /><br />Also recommended: \\"Suspiria\\", \\"Tenebre\\", \\"Deep Red\\", \\"Demons 1 & 2\\", \\"Cemetery Man\\", \\"House (1986)\\", \\"Inside\\", \\"House By The Cemetery\\", \\"City of the Living Dead\\", \\"The Beyond\\", \\"Halloween (1978)\\", \\"Perfect Blue\\", \\"Stephen King's IT\\", \\"Making Contact (a.k.a. Joey)\\", \\"The New York Ripper\\", \\"Stir of Echoes\\", \\"The Orphanage\\", \\"Opera\\", \\"The Bird with the Crystal Plumage\\", \\"The Church\\", \\"Pet Semetary\\", \\"A Nightmare on Elm Street\\", \\"The Shining\\", \\"Cat O'Nine Tails\\", \\"Phenomena\\", \\"Stage Fright\\", \\"Phantasm\\", \\"The Changeling\\", \\"In The Mouth of Madness\\", \\"Re-Animator\\" and \\"Silent Hill\\".
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I love this album! There are no songs that are fillers. Every song is absolute greatness! I am very happy about this album. They keep on getting better and better. Coldplay never disappoints! They are amazing in every way. Best Band ever! Keep rockin Coldplay! We love your music! Go ahead buy their album! It is a definite masterpiece! Lets make them number ONE on the billboards! They deserve it!
0446677450|2.0|I like to read good financial books and this book kept getting a lot of buzz, so I finally got around to reading it?  I just don't understand why so many people rave about this book.    Instead of giving you tools, this book is about changing your thinking process.      In essence, I'll sum up the lessons here:    1.  He redefines assets and liabilities.  Assets put money in your pocket, liabilities cost you money.  Thus your home is probably a liability while you live in it.  Of course, you  have to live somewhere, right?    2.  Educate yourself about financial matters. No actual education given in this book.    3. Try and be of a mindset to spot and take advantage of opportunities, where ever they may be.    4. Instead of just assuming you can or cannot do something, ask yourself why you can or can't. Put some thought and analysis into it, instead of letting your emotions rule your decisions.    Sorry, I expect a lot more from a book that gets this many rave reviews.
B00110K62U|5.0|There is no doubt that this is the best production of the musical ever done. Casting is superb, and the performances of these professionals are full of the passion you would expect from actors immersed in their characters and at the top of their musical form. Movies have never captured the essence of Hugo's masterpiece, and some have been an outright offense to Hugo's work, but the musical productions are able to tap into the emotion much better and much deeper. This particular performance, even without the drama of a set or the progression of the musical play, captures the heart and mind beyond any expectation. It is not just recommended; it's a must see!
B0018SWA56|4.0|The Gist:<br />Darcy Rhone thought she was living a charmed life.  She had a fabulous job (in PR, of course), a fabulous fiance (gorgeous, ivy-league lawyer), and more designer clothes than Paris Hilton.  In fact, she was fabulous from the top of her perfectly coifed head to the tips of her Jimmy Choos.  Could life be any more charming or fabulous?<br /><br />Then, one day shortly before her wedding, she visits her best friend only to find her fiance hiding in a closet..sans pants.<br /><br />To make matters worse, she discovers her fling with her fiance's friend has resulted in a pregnancy!<br /><br />What's a fabulous girl to do?  Dump her fiance, quit her job, pack her Louis Vuitton and head to London to start a new, even-more-fabulous life.<br /><br />Something Blue is a light, easy read. As fun as any other novel in the chic lit genre.  Though, I did like Ms. Giffin's Baby Proof better.<br /><br />The Good:<br />Emily Giffin is a talented writer.  She is deft at creating characters and crafting interesting, believable, engaging dialogue.  Her plots are simple enough, and yet, keep the reader involved until the very last word.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />Darcy Rhone, the heroine, had absolutely no redeeming qualities through the first half of the book.  She was crass, crude, self-absorbed, selfish, cruel, snotty, and insufferably ignorant.  In case my laundry list of her horrible traits didn't give it away, you need to know that I hated her.  Hated her.  I laothed her from her very first utterance: \\"I was born beautiful.\\"  Because I felt so strongly about Darcy Rhone, so negatively, I found her transformation difficult to believe.  After a hundred plus pages of her cheating on her fiance, screaming like a lunatic, spouting profanities like the Trevi Fountain spouts water, I just found it hard to believe she would magically transform into a maternal, thoughtful person.  One friend tells her that she is selfish and she suddenly decides to turn over a new leaf, to start acting like a considerate, kind human being?  I didn't buy it.<br /><br />And, the just plain UGLY:<br />The first few chapters of Something Blue are filled with self-absorbed, immoral characters who seem to spend inordinate amounts of time having casual sex, imbibing copious quantities of alcohol, and acting in ways that make it painfully difficult for any reader to uncover a single redeeming quality about them.  Though I have no problem reading books or watching tv shows about free, independent, liberated women (am, in fact, a rabid Sex and the City fan even all these years later), I was put off by Darcy's frequent profane, childish, and inane oubursts.  I could almost hear her screeching (which is a credit to Ms. Giffin's ability to sketch a character).<br /><br />The bottom line:<br />Emily Giffin's outstanding writing and well-paced plot make this book a great beach read.  Readers who have delicate ears and sensibilities might take offense at Darcy's promiscuity and profanity.  However, readers who like the fun and escape offered by books of the chic lit genre will appreciate Something Blue!buy it.    And, the just plain UGLY:  The first few chapters of Something Blue are filled with self-absorbed, immoral characters who seem to spend inordinate amounts of time having casual sex, imbibing copious quantities of alcohol, and acting in ways that make it painfully difficult for any reader to uncover a single redeeming quality about them.  Though I have no problem reading books or watching tv shows about free, independent, liberated women (am, in fact, a rabid Sex and the City fan even all these years later), I was put off by Darcy's frequent profane, childish, and inane oubursts.  I could almost hear her screeching (which is a credit to Ms. Giffin's ability to sketch a character).      The bottom line:  Emily Giffin's outstanding writing and well-paced plot make this book a great beach read.  Readers who have delicate ears and sensibilities might take offense at Darcy's promiscuity and profanity.  However, readers who like the fun and escape offered by books of the chic lit genre will appreciate Something Blue!
B0014XCMVM|4.0|I have been an Alanis Morissette fan since the first time I heard \\"You Oughta Know\\" played on the radio.  I couldn't believe that an artist could be so open with her emotions and really make you feel what she feels.  I have been eagerly waiting for \\"Flavors of Entanglement\\" and am happily not disappointed.  It starts out with an almost ethereal track \\"Citizen of the Planet\\" that evokes the start of life on earth spreading out over centuries to the world we know today.   Alanis bares her soul over and over again in these songs, mourning the end of a love in \\"Torch\\" and calling a halt to emotional vulnerability in \\"Moratorium.\\"   My favorite song this time around, though, is \\"Giggling again for no reason.\\"  Having recently been through a hard time myself, I can totally identify with the joy a person feels when suddenly, they are happy again!   This is an excellent CD for the Alanis fan, but also for the new listener!
B00169XU8I|2.0|Look if I wanted a box of peppermints I could have gone over to my Grandmother's for that.  Why not shoot the lock off of your wallet Madonna and give us a disc case to carry around the CD in so we don't have to tote around the whole box....DUH!  I wish I had bought the one for $9.99.  What a waste.  The one song with Justin Tinmberlake is great but the rest of it is rape.  enjoy my money Madonna!
B0018AK9RA|4.0|I enjoy this album. Okay it is not your average JP. That may be a good thing. Some of the JP earlier works were high on testerone but low on thought. This is a more thoughtful JP which is going to be a kick in cerebrum to the folks who like tunes like \\"Jam It Down\\". Okay this is a little LLoyd-Webber in places. It a breath of fresh air into the progressive hard rock scene.   Sorry it is hard for me to say that JP is a metal band; they have always been better than the usual metal band and they have better musical capabilities tha most.   I am glad to hear the metal being pushed because metal was tending to be get a little tedious. Most singers doing death metal sound as they are trying to sing bass while gargling drain cleanser. Okay for for about 5 minutes then it becomes boring and stupid.    On the negative side this work gets a little pompous, strained and over theatrical but this expected this when a group a group stretches in the direction of this album. There are parts here that very good in places; however, it reminds me of 3 hours a director cut movie that is too long for standard audience who might happy with a 2 hours movie.
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|It was a viable alternative to regular television on a weeknight.  Although it was very forgettable and I would not sit through it again.
B0000VCZKM|4.0|Annie was one of my favorite musicals when I was little, and I was thrilled to purchase this DVD for my own daughters. We've watched it twice this week, and it's sure to be a family favorite. The cast is wonderful and the extra features are fun. I'd forgotten about the sexual undertones of Ms Hannigan, so I had a bit of explaining to do to my kids but overall it was a fantastic purchase.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|I was surprised to see that some people gave this 5 stars.  To each his own, but it wasn't my bag!  I wish I had never watched it.
0596527055|5.0|I recommend Scott Berkun's book The Myths of Innovation to everyone willing to trade a couple hours of reading and thinking for a deeper understanding of what's holding you back in your creative endeavours, and some alternatives to help you get out of your rut.    In Myths Scott lists 10 myths, one per chapter, which hamper people from innovating. His chapters begin by explaining some important things we've been lead to believe about inventing and innovation simply by living in our culture (U.S.A.). Those myths conspire to disempower people who do want to change things: a theme that repeats as Scott examines each myth in turn. After describing these implicit, limiting, and usually deeply ingrained memes Scott gives different perspectives for each myth including tales about popular people and inventions that may surprise you.    At first glance the chapters seemed more management-centric than I'd expected. However unless you are inventing in isolation (which cannot happen: see Chapter 5) and never need interact with other people, each of Scott's insights could be important to you, too. After all innovation doesn't just mean coming up with a patentable object to sell: any change to how people work, play, or view the world can be innovative and have similar challenges.    This was a great book for me since I've had hundreds of ideas of things to fix or create, but I hadn't realized how many damaging cultural myths about innovation I had accepted over the years. Even though Scott's writing and examples make the book easily readable and it is small enough to finish in a few hours, I took several breaks while devouring Myths and reread parts so I could absorb all the new information presented.    The Myths of Innovationis a fairly short book, but with Scott's writing that means it is packed with interesting content and clearly explains both myths and truths about innovation. Scott's ideas and the book's layout, black-and-white photos and illustrations, and extras like a colophon, ranked bibliography, and a useful index mean it is easy to reference, inviting to reread, and a springboard to free your own innovation.    Enjoy!
B00005JNX0|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised at how much I laughed at this move.  Very entertaining. One of the better kid's movies we've seen in a while.
B00102F5WK|4.0|Though the drama could've been pushed up a notch, the story of the film certainly gets its point across...'this could easily happen to you' appears to be an underlying theme when an Egyptian native living and working in the U.S. is suddenly under suspicion and wrongly accused of conspiring with terrorists. He's secretly shipped off to a country where torture is the norm while his pregnant American wife (Reese Witherspoon) tries to find out what happened to him and is lied to at every turn. The only hope her husband has is with a reluctant CIA agent who doesn't fully believe torture works, and as time goes on, realizes the man they're holding is innocent but will never be able to prove it to the satisfaction of the governments involved. A very sad truth surfaces in this very bold movie. It reminded me of another movie 'Goya's Ghosts' where torture is used during the Spanish Inquisition. Oh how history tends to repeat itself...<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay -  Author
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Judas Priest have Weaved a Masterpiece with this one!!!<br />I can't stop listening to it.<br />Layer upon layer this is one of the most Amazing Albums these ears have ever graced. Unfortunately, I don't think that most of their fan base will have the \\"depth\\" to truly appreciate this Incredible work of art.<br />5 STARS!!!!
0679809015|5.0|I got this for my son almost 2 months ago and it's one of his favorites.  He's 10 months old now.  It's a very small book but the pages are thick cardboard and the flaps are cardboard too which I love because they are a lot harder to destroy than flimsy paper ones!  It has a lot of pages that are illustrated very well.  I love it.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|This CD rocks the house!  It is nice to hear that she went back to her rocking roots.  If you loved Jagged Little Pill like I did, then you will LOVE this album.
0671027344|5.0|A coming of age book. If you happen to be a fan of The Catcher in the Rye, this is also a good read about a boy with free spirit and a lot in his mind. A fantastic and inspiring story witch i would suggest everyone should read.
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|Their social perspective hasn't changed but their sound on this CD is much more intense and rapid-fire than anything they've done recently.  Their best work since, \\"Automatic For The People\\"!
0061245097|3.0|The first book in this series was great in that the author created some new twists on the vampire & paranormal mythos and it kept the reader engaged in a solid mystery while also setting up for an enticing romance.  I had been looking forward to book 2 in this series, as book 1 ended on a bit of a cliffhanger regarding the romance.  Sad to say, book 2 did not achieve the same level as book 1.  In fact, the 2nd of this series was predictable and struck this reader as being very formulaic.  The mystery of the book fell flat; having little meat to it and too much emphasis placed on familial and work related politics.  PLEASE note SPOILERS below!!!   The relationship Cat gets into with a normal human, her single female friend, and the brief glimpses the reader gets of her co-workers all point to a lonely woman devoted to her job.  The human man she gets involved with comes across as so innocent, good-natured, & easygoing that it is very hard to believe Cat would ever date this man.  There are a few scenes where he appears to be trying to show some backbone, but instead just seems whiny.  When the longed for moment of truth finally occurs and Bones comes on screen again, the chemistry between he & Cat seems to have vanished.  Bones displays a new repertoire of powers that he hints were hidden before.  He can now fly, jump or run faster than a speeding assassin's bullet, and has tremendous ability for mind control, etc.  He is sadly not the Bones from book 1 -- down to earth, straightforward, and outspoken about everything.  In fact, the problem which led Cat to leave him in Book 1 -- that of her mother's hatred for him; is now resolved in a few pages.  The mystery described on the back cover seems to be a different mystery than the one in the actual book; it seemed very unclear why exactly an assassin had been hired to kill Cat at this time and who had hired the assassin.  I apologize for not wording this better, but twice now my reviews have been lost from signal interruptions.  For those who are considering this book I would say this:  if you enjoy Harlequin romances, then this book will probably satisfy you.  If you are more interested in a true urban fantasy and have little interest in the romantic entanglements of the characters, then this book may not be what you are looking for.
B000LPS47U|3.0|This a camp movie that's good for a laugh. Beware though, there are some pretty much gore and nudity in the movie. I wonder what H.P. would have thought.
0143038583|5.0|Pollan creates a very informative and interesting book that us simple folk can enjoy and learn from.
B000093BDX|5.0|Sounds of Summer, yes! Year-round summer is what California has always represented to the rest of the USA. The Beach Boys sang the surfer lifestyle into American and world consciousness, and doing so declared California's musical and cultural independence from the East Coast. The Beach Boys also sang the independence of teenagers of the Baby Boom, with cars and purchasing power, from their parents' generation of frugal, anxious conformists shaped by the Great Depression. They sang the primacy of summer and outdoor life over the stuffy classroom and grimy workplace. There's not a word of piety or propriety in any of Brian Wilson's songs; the Beach Boys were prophets of a life style free of shibboleths, in a world of sun-tanned smiles and endless summer. How could anyone not be thrilled by such a prospect?<br /><br />Musically, the Beach Boys were tight, driving, innovative, the best dance music ever, and they never went noir on us, never wallowed, never whined. You might say they never grew up, they lived in a false paradise of surf boards and bikinis, but I'd say 'more power to 'em'. The Miwok Indians of California used to believe that dancing kept the world in balance, and if the dancing stopped, catastrophes would erupt. The Beach Boys kept the world dancing, at least for a few decades.<br /><br />This is a great, ample, well-engineered collection of the Beach Boys' greatest songs from their golden times. I doubt we'll ever hear their like.
1416914285|2.0|Unfortunately, this book was very disappointing, and only slightly entertaining. Written with all of the pretense and melodrama of a high school goth kid, Cassandra Clare presents a corny, derivative modern day fairy tale, but without any real message. The writing is unsophisticated, and amateur, the metaphors are cheesy at best, and the storyline itself borrows heavily from previous, better works. While I was able to finish the story without having to toss the book aside for better writing, I still found myself rolling my eyes more often than I would like. Maybe Clare deserves a bit of a break for this being her freshman attempt, but really I expect more from a published work.<br /><br />Yes, the story may be compelling enough to read through the end, but you will not find yourself looking for the next in the series. I enjoy vampire/werewolf stories as much as the next guy, but unless you are 14 or under, I think you will find City of Bones a little too amateur.
0142437611|5.0|Like some of the other reviewers I've only recently become aware of Saul Bellow and am incredibly impressed by the late writer's talent. This is the second book I've read of his (Humboldt's Gift is on the way) in two weeks time. Seize the Day is concise and short but conveys a massive amounts of human feeling. One cannot help from being sympathetic towards its main character, Tommy Wilhelm. The situation in which he finds himself can be attributed to his own poor decision-making and a pronounced refusal to engage in serious introspection. As we know from Sun Tzu, if you don't know yourself you'll never know anyone else. Thanatos drives Wilhelm and some of the things he does will make you wince, but Bellow plots his predicament masterfully. We understand Wilhelm, in just (over) a hundred pages, better than we do most of our peers. This is a tour de force.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|John Adams (the book) is an intriguing work about a fascinating man and it was a true pleasure to read. This HBO miniseries, in my opinion, is a superb adaptation of the book. For anyone who is interested in rare quotes from John Adams concerning his thoughts on the interrelationship between religion and public virtue, I would recommend another book that I have recently read entitled [[ASIN:0964367912 God of Our Fathers: Advice and Prayers of Our Nation's Founders]]  Quotes from his cousin Samuel and from Franklin, Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and other of the Founding Fathers are contained therein as well.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|What a great film for Blu-Ray! Crammed with detail and composed like a series of paintings, it demands the high-definition treatment to fully appreciate. On one hand, the scenes are filled with little surprises like tarantula- and bat-shaped neckties and snakes, but on the other hand they are so artistic! Once you watch Jack Skellington's operatic posings against the moon at 1080p, or see the eerie gray backgrounds of Halloweentown or the vivid colors of Christmastown at that resolution, I can't imagine watching this movie any other way.<br /><br />But that's not all there is to it. In fact, \\"The Nightmare Before Christmas\\" is a feast for the eyes, ears and imagination; a delectable witches' brew of stop-motion animation, catchy show tunes and a seriously warped creative license.<br /><br />The story -- Halloweentown attempts to annex Christmastown -- comes from the macabre mind of producer Tim Burton, who wrote it in his spare time (as a poem!) while working as a Disney animator in the 1980s. The movie blends the tastiest bits of Burton's earlier [[ASIN:B001AGXEAG Beetlejuice]] and [[ASIN:B00004U8P8 Edward Scissorhands]] with a sprinkling of the stop-motion magic first found in Disney's 1961 [[ASIN:B000065V3X Babes in Toyland.]]<br /><br />The imaginative cast of characters includes:<br />* Jack Skellington (the Pumpkin King) (Chris Sarandon), a mischievous misfit who believes his purpose in life is to merge the holidays of Halloween and Christmas.<br />* His faithful dog Zero, a ghost with a glowing, jack-o'-lantern nose who, like the hound in [[ASIN:0375838473 How the Grinch Stole Christmas]], eventually pulls the sleigh.<br />* Rag-doll heroine Sally (voiced by Catherine O'Hara), Jack's love interest, who sews herself back together when she loses a body part.<br />* Oogie Boogie (Broadway veteran Ken Page), a slimy, singing bag of bugs who channels the cartoon version of Cab Calloway in the old [[ASIN:B0016HMA0Y Betty Boop]] shorts.<br />* Lock (Paul \\"Pee-Wee Herman\\" Reubens), Shock (O'Hara) and Barrel (Danny Elfman, the film's composer), a trio of evil trick-or-treaters who \\"kidnap the Sandy Claws\\"<br />* Wheelchair-bound evil scientist Dr. Finklestein (William Hickey), a duckbilled quack whose flip-top head lets him scratch his brains for inspiration.<br />* A mayor (Glenn Shadix, the interior director Otho in [[ASIN:B001AGXEAG Beetlejuice]]) who is literally two-faced.<br /><br />Director Henry Selick painstakingly created the film over three years. Though he had a production crew of over 100, each minute of footage took a week, as each second required 24 ever-so-slightly different shots.<br /><br />Devilishly nonconformist, \\"The Nightmare Before Christmas\\" is an enduring holiday musical for the whole Addams family, or at least those older than, say, 6. Though all of its fright gags are played entirely for laughs, some of the imagery is downright creepy. Teenagers will love it.<br /><br />BONUS FEATURES<br /><br />* An audio commentary with Burton, Selick and Elfman.<br />* A downloadable digital copy of the film, which you can transfer to an iPod or similar device.<br />* Burton's first short, 1982's 6-minute \\"Vincent,\\" a black-and-white stop-action film about a boy who dreams of being Vincent Price, who narrates.<br />* Burton's 1994 Disney live-action short \\"Frankenweenie.\\" In this 30-minute black-and-white film that re-imagines the Frankenstein story as the tale of a young boy and his car-struck pet dog in suburban America (introduced by Burton himself).<br />* A reading of Burton's original \\"Nightmare Before Christmas\\" poem by actor Christopher Lee<br />* A promotional film for the annual \\"Nightmare\\" makeover of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion.<br />* Promotional and making-of featurettes, a storyboard to film comparison, deleted scenes and theatrical trailers and posters.<br /><br />OTHER VERSIONS AVAILABLE<br /><br />There are two other new \\"Nightmare\\" DVDs available -- a two-disc [[ASIN:B001AIRUPE standard-resolution]] set that includes a downloadable digital copy and a [[ASIN:B001AIRUPE collector's edition]] that comes with a hand-painted bust of Jack Skellington.painted bust of Jack Skellington.
0312379293|5.0|Good page turner, keeps the reader guessing and wanting to reach the end. Another good one by Jeffrey Archer
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I have been looking for something like this for a long time.  It is great to put your keys and cell phone is the zipper part and kids food and other stuff.  Really, really like it.  I reccomend this product.
B00002ND77|5.0|Its the best movie I have ever watched. very clear and easy to shift through.will encourage any potential buyer to go for it.
6305161992|5.0|Showdown in Little Tokyo is one of those rare early-90's screen gems that is so terribly scripted that, today, it makes for one of the funniest movie going experiences you can have.    Essentially it's a revenge story where Dolph Lundgren plays a cop out for revenge against the yakuza mob boss who murdered his family when he was just a wee little gaijin living in Japan.  And of course, since he was raised in Japan, he knows martial arts, how to weild a sword and even build japanese style houses by hand (I'll get to that later in the review). Seeing as how he posesses all of these great combat skills, it's no wonder that Lundgren's character ended up becoming a cop in Los Angeles.    Soon Lundgren meets up with his new partner, played by Brandon Lee in one of his first major movie roles, the son of a dentist who grew up in \\"the valley\\" who also happens to know karate so naturally he became a cop as well.    Together this dynamic duo takes on the yakuza, who all wear great stereotypical early-90's attire that makes them look like they just stepped off the set of a Phil Collins video or the Arsenio Hall Show. Some of them even wear the exact same suits in the same scenes which makes them look like updated versions of the henchmen from the old 60's Batman TV show.    Some of the most fantastically ridiculous action scenes take place from there including Lundgren lifting a car onto its side with his bare hands, a hilarious bathhouse fight scene with a fat japanese guy complete with a Wilhelm scream and of course a scene in which the two heroes fight off 50 bad guys trying to invade Lundgren's japanese style home. That's right, he built it his self, we learn that when Tia Carrere's character says \\"Nice house,\\" and Lundgren says \\"I built it,\\" and Tia says \\"Somehow I knew that.\\"    And that brings me to my next point, the awesomely horrible and incredibly funny dialog that the stars of Showdown in Little Tokyo have to belt out is so head-scratchingly awful that you have toask yourself questions like \\"what was the writer thinking? are they for real? are they TRYING to be hilarious?\\"    I could spout off any of the hundreds of hilarious lines from this movie, but it's so much fun watching it yourself and laughing at them that I won't. Ok, maybe just one. Brandon Lee's character actually says to Lundgren \\"In case we die, I want you to know that you have the biggest d*** I've ever seen on a man,\\" to which Lundgren says: \\"I don't know what to say.\\" Well neither do I guys, neither do I.    Showdown in Little Tokyo, whether it was intentional or not, stands as a comedic masterpiece in early-90's cinema. I'm not exaggerating either, it really is freaking hilarous, see for yourself.
B001794FOK|3.0|Nothing like sliding through interdimensional wormholes to make your day. \\"Jumper\\" tries to carry more signficance than your standard popcorn movie and almost succeeds; David Rice (Hayden Christensen in tortured mode)comes from a broken home. His mother disappeared when he was five and his difficult father (Michael Rooker) makes him wish he could disappear some place else. While walking on ice to retrieve a gift for Millie (Rachel Bilson) girl he likes, David falls through the ice. Trapped he desperately tries to break through and then, suddenly, finds himself in the library near his home. He discovers that by picturing where he wants to be he can jump almost from one instant to the next to that place. This gives him the license to escape and he takes it jumping all around the world, accumulating wealth by robbing banks (and leaving IOU's because, after all, he does PLAN on paying them back). He thinks he's alone in this ability until one day he meets another jumper (Jamie Bell)and discovers that they are being pursued by group called the Paladins led by Roland (Samuel L. Jackson) who is out to KILL all jumpers.<br />Suddenly Rice is on the run and Roland finds Rice's weakness in the form of Millie.<br /><br />Well made by director Doug Liman (\\"The Bourne Conspiracy\\"), \\"Jumper\\" tries a bit too hard to add a dark edge to the film making it more than an entertaining popcorn flick. That's to Liman's credit but the film is best enjoyed as a science fiction action/adventure film. Based on the young adult novels by Steven Gould, \\"Jumper\\" has little to do with the novels beyond the basic premise. Liman reinvents it for his own purposes. The cast is quite good although I question the casting of Christiansen as Rice. Jamie Bell exudes the dark, troubled quality that Christiansen can only hint at.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray disc looks extremely good with crisp images and rich colors that compliment the location shooting. The visuals are also pretty good as well (although some such as the fight on top of the Sphinx are obvious digital effects). Audio sounds terrific.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray comes with some terrific extras that mirror the regular two disc edition (including the digital copy that evidently comes with that edition on the second disc something I have no use for but some folks might particularly if they watch movies on their mp3 player or ipod). Liman, his writer/producer Doug Kinburg and producer Lucas Foster provide an entertaining and informative commentary track. There's also a animated graphic story providing background on the character of Rice. We also get a number of featurettes that cover everything from adapting the novel (and the multiple changes that occurred) to the look of the film and visual effects.<br /><br />\\"Jumper\\" is a escapist popcorn movie and is enjoyable for that. ALthough Liman tries add depth to the story by giving Rice and other characters dark, tortured backgrounds he isn't able to make this more than that popcorn flick (whereas \\"Iron Man\\" managed to be both an enjoyable popcorn flick AND a serious flick about troubled Tony Stark). Enjoy it for what you see but don't expect Gould's novel and you'll find this film a diverting & entertaining way to spent 83 minutes.p of the Sphinx are obvious digital effects). Audio sounds terrific.    The Blu-Ray comes with some terrific extras that mirror the regular two disc edition (including the digital copy that evidently comes with that edition on the second disc something I have no use for but some folks might particularly if they watch movies on their mp3 player or ipod). Liman, his writer/producer Doug Kinburg and producer Lucas Foster provide an entertaining and informative commentary track. There's also a animated graphic story providing background on the character of Rice. We also get a number of featurettes that cover everything from adapting the novel (and the multiple changes that occurred) to the look of the film and visual effects.    \\"Jumper\\" is a escapist popcorn movie and is enjoyable for that. ALthough Liman tries add depth to the story by giving Rice and other characters dark, tortured backgrounds he isn't able to make this more than that popcorn flick (whereas \\"Iron Man\\" managed to be both an enjoyable popcorn flick AND a serious flick about troubled Tony Stark). Enjoy it for what you see but don't expect Gould's novel and you'll find this film a diverting & entertaining way to spent 83 minutes.
B0015XASFS|5.0|I attended Josh's \\"Awake\\" concert in Philadelphia and the DVD was almost as good as being there.  I have enjoyed his music since the first time I heard him on a David Foster's special.  Next to Barbra Streisand, he is my all time favorite singer.
B0016HNOXQ|5.0|Portishead is taking some flak for this one. And I understand why: they had the audacity to veer from their previous creative path. People HATE that. But if you are one of those who, like me, believes that an artist should do more than just re-create new versions of their previous work, then this CD is going to excite you as it has me.<br /><br />It is a brilliant, inspired, outside-the-box funhouse of sounds, beats, noises and moods unlike anything you have heard, either from Portishead or anyone else. This is what makes art art; what separates the creative adults from the wannabe children. It is a fine CD, and if your taste in music is bold, you will get hours of enjoyment from it. On the other hand, if you prefer pretty, shallow, hummable tunes, stick with your Backstreet Boys CDs and leave this one for the stout of heart.
B000RW3YYA|3.0|Had some trouble accessing some of the episodes, but very enjoyable.<br />(Might be my old DVD player).<br />Linda Sheean
B0017I1FNK|5.0|With an almost four decade long career, a five year absent in releasing new music, one of country music's enduring songstress with a unique  distinctive voice  and one of the  newest member of the Country Music Hall Of Fame is back.      With a  13 track, brilliant masterpiece.  While the  lyrics are  dark for most of the cd The quality of the whole cd  isn't.     If your looking for a cd of happy, sappy etc songs you will have to look elsewhere.     The tracks  are  overproduced at times.  Now I'm not really a fan of music that is heavily produced but this cd will be in heavy rotation  in my cd  and mp3 player. .     This  masterpiece should be  a   definite grammy contender.  She wrote 6 of the tracks, with her playing  acoustic   guitar on all the tracks. Dolly Parton and Vince Gill lend their harmony vocals  to \\"Gold\\" and always Emmy's voice is in perfect sync with theirs. I don't think there is an artist out  there she can't nail the harmony with.    Emmy's beautiful and angelic voice shines though out.   The arrangements and her voice are  haunting at times.  She  sings are about losing loved ones, your soul going to the sands of Heaven, burying your loved one, a man having his wife a children leaving him. Her cover of Mighty Merle Haggard's \\"Kern River\\" and \\"How She Could Sing The Wildwood flower\\"  are worth the price of the cd alone.         Those picking around her vocals are outstanding.     If you want a cd that will have your mind floating along on the fiddle riffs pick up a copy of this cd today.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Love this show, this is my favorite season especially since it is the last season.
0517223546|5.0|Rutherfurd uses an interesting formula for telling the entire history of this area of England. He starts with several families during the age of primitive man, weaves a tale of their lives, then fast-forwards several decades, where we pick up on the lives of their descendants. This is repeated over and over, with the timeline jumping forward anywhere from 50 to 150 years each time. We learn what is happening in England with regard to invasions, wars, cultural growth, and politics at each stage. Eventually we arrive at modern times, still following these same families. What a great way to learn history! The book does not have a great plot, but is well worth reading if you'd like to increase your understanding of the rich tapestry of England's history. I had previously read Rutherfurd's LONDON, and while (of course) the country's history was the same, the issues that most affected the city of London were at different time periods in the history of England from those that affected the area around Salisbury (Sarum). I highly recommend both books.
B0013FNC38|5.0|Jason Mraz's new album is absolutely perfect!  It's everything you would expect and more from this amazing vocalist :)
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This album is simply brilliant!  It's Coldplay's best record so far and it is, in my opinion, the record they will be remembered for...Their \\"OK Computer\\" if you will.  Do yourself a favor and buy it!
006117758X|5.0|\\"Ham on Rye\\" was my first introduction to the writing of Charles Bukowski, and tells the story of his alter-ego, Henry Chinaski.  It is semi-autobiographical, so when reading, it is best to approach the entire book as fiction, rather than trying to attribute events in the book with the real life of Bukowski.  It begins with Chinaski's youth during the Great Depression, and relates his struggles with social and familial acceptance from elementary school through college.  The book focuses on his relationship with poor relationship with his parents and a puzzling general disdain for his peers.  One of the reasons this book is so fascinating is because it is written in a seemingly crude and blunt prose, detailing a hard life surrounded by fighting, drinking, and women.  It shows a culture where daily fights were a necessary part of life and brings forward an image much like we would consider our lives to be like if we lived back in the Old West, and were forced to challenge a man for cheating at cards or looking at you funny.<br /><br />With my air-conditioned office, feather bed, and teeth whitening strips, I can't imagine I would ever have survived in Chinaski's world, so it's enjoyable to experience it from the safety of Bukowski's novel.  Although I mentioned a \\"crude\\" writing style, that should not be confused with poor writing.  Bukowski's to-the-point style makes for an extremely easy read that I was able to finish in a few hours, unlike the usuals novels that I pore over for weeks to get through.  Even though Chinaski is portrayed as a \\"tough guy,\\" Bukowski does not shy away from detailing all of his faults as well, which describe a young man filled with self doubt and a lack of ambition. While I'm not sure how Ham on Rye would fare with female audiences, I highly recommend it for males in the 15-35 age range.<br /><br />To read Bukowski's novels about Pinaski chronologically, follow this order:<br /><br />[[ASIN:006117758X Ham on Rye: A Novel]] - Early life, elementary school to college<br />[[ASIN:0876852630 Factotum]] - Young adulthood, World War II era<br />[[ASIN:0061177571 post office: A Novel]] - Later years, 1952 - 1969<br />[[ASIN:0061177598 Women: A Novel]] - Later years, as a poet and writer<br />[[ASIN:0876857632 Hollywood]] - Dealing with Chinaski's later life as a screenwritercollege  [[ASIN:0876852630 Factotum]] - Young adulthood, World War II era  [[ASIN:0061177571 post office: A Novel]] - Later years, 1952 - 1969  [[ASIN:0061177598 Women: A Novel]] - Later years, as a poet and writer  [[ASIN:0876857632 Hollywood]] - Dealing with Chinaski's later life as a screenwriter
B0015D3Z4O|2.0|while i have not liked the lead single, 4 minutes, at all...i was surprised when i gave the CD a complete listen. there's a lot of filler here, but lemme tell you: this CD isn't all bad. filler tracks in my eyes include: candy shop, 4 minutes, she's not me, incredible, dance 2night. the album's high point is the final two tracks: Devil Wouldn't Recognize You and Voices. both have an ethereal atmosphere to them; though Voices' lyrics are a little on the disturbing side.     \\"Voices start to ring in your head  Tell me, what do they say?  Distant echoes from another time start to creep in your brain  So you claim madness like it's convenient  You do it so often that you start to believe it  You have demons so nobody can blame you  But who is the master, and who is the slave?\\"    Voices however does show depth to madonna's songwriting, and proves that she CAN write music. Miles Away is a love it or hate it song, madonna's vocals though average in it is surprisingly pleasing and addicting. also, ignore the CD album cover. it's not a good representation of the music. neither is the title. Hard Candy is an ok CD, it isn't by no means perfect but don't let the mediocre 4 minutes fool you, there's much better waiting on the CD. the price was worth it for me.    album highlights:  Miles Away  Devil Wouldn't Recognize You  Voices
0375836675|5.0|If you've read all my past reviews, you need to get a life.  Seriously.<br /><br />But I'll summarize.<br /><br />(1) I try my damndest to avoid the five-star review, and usually succeed.<br />(2) After reading THE BOOK THIEF and giving it five stars, I said I'd hunt down everything by Zusak.<br /><br />Which leads us here.  Dialogue, characterization, plot, theme, description, warmth, humor, and just everything is all in this book.  My other review called him my favorite Australian author.  Let's just jettison the word \\"Australian,\\" at least if he keeps writing this well.<br /><br />Fantastic!  Get it!<br /><br />And my quest continues...
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I have been a Judas Priest fan for well over 20 years. Nostrodamus the song is very good, but the rest of this album is absolutely terrible! It sounds too orchestral and his singing is weak and the guitar work puts me to sleep. I compare this album to the transiberian orchestra christmas music. I believe they listened to their mananger about trying something different. Big Mistake!! Metallica did the same thing with the Black album, trying to reach a broader audience. Rock Bands take note: Don't listen to your managers, listen to your fans instead!!!!
B0010X745K|3.0|There has been -- and probably will be for some time -- speculation about the end of this film and how it strayed from Stephen King's novella by the same name: [[ASIN:0451223292 The Mist]]. There's good and bad in equal measure, depending upon your stance on Hollywood Horror versus the literary kind. But let's back-up and look at the beginning before we rush to the end...<br /><br />Equal parts supernatural thriller and science fiction yarn, the novella (published in 1985 in a short story collection entitled [[ASIN:0451168615 Skeleton Crew]]) was, well, phenomenal. It is the type of story most horror fans associate Stephen King with. Compartmentalized. Freakishly different. Plays on morality. Just flat-out good writing. King did well back in the 70s and 80s, but he has floundered as a writer in recent years with his horribly bad [[ASIN:0743417682 From a Buick 8]] and the equally putrid [[ASIN:074343627X Dreamcatcher]] (which was made into a very unfortunate [[ASIN:B0000AMRUM film]] starring Morgan Freeman). What exactly happened to Mr. King, I'm not sure. He hadn't had his brush with death (yet) and his earlier work sent the proverbial chills up my spine (most notably the excellent [[ASIN:0743424425 The Shining]] and [[ASIN:0451169514 It]]). Regardless of past or more present works, Mr. King did get lucky with [[ASIN:B0002J4ZWS The Shawshank Redemption]] in that he got Frank Darabont to write the screenplay and direct. The Shawshank Redemption has been labeled one of the top 100 films of all times by nearly every film critic in the world, and it is one of my top ten favorites. The transfer from book to film went exceptionally well, and this was in no small part thanks to Darabont's work. Darabont did similarly nice work on [[ASIN:B000HEWEDU The Green Mile]], but it didn't quite reach the heights that Shawshank did. But when I saw that Darbont was attached to this film, I leapt at the chance to watch it.<br /><br />Needless to say (because of my cool acceptance rating), I found The Mist to be entertaining but sadly lacking in several areas. But let's start with the good...<br /><br />The creature effects. The combined work using CGI and stop animation was excellent. KNB EFX Group as the Special Effects crew and CafeFX doing the Visual Effects showed us some eerily nice work. The ominous cloud of mist was perfect enough to shroud any early identification of the creatures within it and the actors reacted to the mist just as you would expect.<br /><br />Marcia Gay Harden ([[ASIN:B000ZN802W Into the Wild]]) stars as Mrs. Carmody, the bible-thumping, old-testament wielding, blood-seeking, Christian hypocrite that we all enjoyed in the novella. I hated her in the novella and I hated her here, meaning that Gay Harden pulled off a very good performance.<br /><br />Any further positives however (save one), get blurred by the ridiculous nature of the scripted characters. Too many times we get the `shock' effect simply for shock effect, rather than sticking with the compartmentalization of the situation (i.e., people of differing backgrounds at each others' throats in a supermarket during a crisis situation). Characters act as if they are surprised to see death and destruction after it has already been shown to them just a few hours before. People leap for weapons when a creature is nearby ready to skewer them. Main actor Thomas Jane who plays David Drayton could have been played by just about anyone, meaning that I didn't find his portrayal of this character memorable (whereas Gay Harden nailed her role) And the list goes on...<br /><br />Getting back to the ending -- and my final positive note -- I have to say that it was hampered somewhat by my enjoyment of the written word versus this visual medium. In the novella, Mr. King leaves the ending fairly ambiguous. Which I liked. I liked a lot. And here, in the film, that gets changed to a much more somber ending. Although I liked the fact that Darabont didn't sugarcoat the final act, I dothink he could have kept King's original ending and added a few more fans to his legions. But let's make it perfectly clear that this ending is absolutely in-line with the true horror genre, which is why it got a semi-positive rating from me.g and added a few more fans to his legions. But let's make it perfectly clear that this ending is absolutely in-line with the true horror genre, which is why it got a semi-positive rating from me.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|I'm really excited about this new album. Louder, rockin tracks hang out with pretty ones and they blend to form an outstanding record. Favorite tracks include Citizen of the Planet, Torch, and Versions of Violence. Definitely check them out. It's nice to have an album, however, that I can listen to straight through without skipping tracks. This is one of those albums! It's beautiful and strong. Listening to this album brings me back to the feelings I had for Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie. The lyrics are raw and heartfelt. This is just so so good. You should really be listening to it by now!
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Love it!  It conveys such yearning and humor and reality all at \\"once\\". I recommend the movie too.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|Like a lot of others posting reviews, Priest has been my favorite heavy metal band for over 25 years. Nostradamus is not a typical heavy metal album of 10 independent songs - it's an hour and a half long story set to music. It's all about expectations. If you are expecting another Screaming for Vengeance you'll be disappointed. If you like concept albums and stuff like TSO/90s Savatage that still manages to sound like Judas Priest, it's a good buy.
1881273156|5.0|This book has been a great help in understanding my children's love languages and just people in general around me. I use it at work and with friends. It is a great help!
B00164DWEA|5.0|hulk smash now we all can move on and forget all about ang lee's 2003 hulk. edward norton you are the man
B00133KFGW|5.0|Shame upon those 10 folks who gave this movie a 1 star rating.  Get a grip.  This movie was pure entertainment, not intended to do more than that, and in this day and age, with all the stresses we all face, entertainment and fun is quite useful.  Sure the story line was a bit hokey, and the little boy's playing of the guitar was not for real, but the music was just plain fantastic.  Sent chills up and down my spine the first time he picked up that guitar.      Far too often, movies are pure trash, full of sex, nudity, virtual intercourse, blood, violence, pure filthy language, denigration of various ethnic groups, genders, etc., obviously thrown together for the sole purpose of making a quick buck.    Hooray that a movie that is pure fun and fantasy comes along.     If there was a  higher rating than 5 stars, I would give it.  For unbelievable music, and a fun, relaxing 2 hours, I believe August Rush is hard to beat.
B0015D3Z4O|1.0|girlfriend needs to cut back on all the side projects and film directing and baby shopping and refocus. pure 'product' with no need to exist. maybe a couple cuts that you can take or leave, but nothing you need to have in your collection. she should'a just gave it a rest and come back when she felt better. and btw-the cd cover is a bit skanky, no?
B00104QSOM|1.0|Ahhhhh, There Will Be Blood...such a murderously banal clich&eacute; of what the elitists in the liberal, entertainment community of Hollywood assume to be either sophisticated or \\"intelligent\\" social commentary disguised as entertainment. Why, it even comes complete with the requisite \\"Best Actor\\" win for Day-Lewis (who has worked inconsistently since In the Name of the Father, by the way!) and the umpteen Oscar nominations (for which it humiliatingly only won TWO out of EIGHT nominations for an inadequate winning percentage of 25%)! I bet most if not all of these sheeple and otherwise clueless grovelers who have the nerve to imagine themselves as \\"sophisticated\\" (Hah!) film fans haven't the foggiest inkling about what sinister implications really exist in There Will Be Blood. Fear not, good people! I will open your eyes and clue you slavish apologists into the true, harmful and most of all liberal themes infecting the whole of There Will Be Blood. Whether it's the anti-capitalist, anti-wealth appreciation, or anti-religious motifs, or the monstrously out-of-control violence and gore-*rgy that's celebrated like an over-indulgence, There Will Be Blood is a revolting movie on many counts.<br /><br />The \\"plot\\" (if you can legitimately claim such a self-righteous piece of artistic license has a plot!) revolves around the Day-Lewis character who is a silver miner turned oil man on a single-minded path to wealth and power. The story of mindless violence is set in Southern California during its oil boom of the preceding turn-of-the-century. Before I even go any further with my lecture, I must provide the always much-needed and ever-important context to this story.<br /><br />Historically, Southern California's oil boom in the early 1900s was an inarguably prosperous and benevolent blessing for that portion of the country and even for the whole US in a broader context. In the 20s, it was actually the center of the world's oil production--to digress a moment and draw a parallel to today's emergency, the jacka$$ libs and Democrats actually reject drilling and exploring for more oil in ANWAR and offshore when, like in the 20s, the US still has lots of oil reserves that can increase supply and bring down the price of oil--with 25% of the world's production. Discoveries in places like Huntington Beach and Orange County ensured that oil production morphed into the leading sector of California's economy. As a result, Southern California prospered, and the oil money was used to further grow it by real estate development and road and highway construction, not to mention the financing of Hollywood films, which were just emerging at that time, too. In case you missed basic reading comprehension in high school, this meant that the Southern California oil boom was a \\"good thing\\" in every sense of the word since it allowed progress in society through wealth appreciation and the furthering of capitalism. Additionally, the whole concept of prospectors going into Southern California poor and then--by virtue of pulling themselves up by their own bootstraps, so to speak--is the very essence of Americanism: working hard to make something of yourself.<br /><br />Now, that that history lesson's out of the way, I must convict There Will Be Blood of taking this historical bright spot and tarnishing it out of nothing but pure, liberal ideology!!!! See, the Day-Lewis character, the protagonist, uses ruthless murder and intrigue to claw his way to the top for his greediness of appreciating wealth and power. Blatantly, right here, this film is irreparably ruined by the imposition of loathsome, liberal ideology. By presenting the Day-Lewis character as a huge villain, the anti-American, liberal filmmaker is actually saying, \\"The Southern California oil boom was really nothing but CORRUPT and full of greed, which drove Americans to do evil atrocities in pursuit of filthy lucre!\\" Moreover, the broader themes of capitalism, getting wealthy, and the good old American attitude of pulling oneself up by one's bootstraps are all derided as evil, too!!!! This interpretation is incontrovertible because the movie indulgently revels in showing the worst side of humanity present in the oil prospectors with Day-Lewis as the worst of them.<br /><br />Not content with derisively attacking a pillar of Americanism in business and capitalism, There Will Be Blood's filmmakers also go after another laudable pillar of America: its religiosity, which is another \\"good thing\\" this country boasts. Witness the final scene of this gore-*rgy of a film, when the Day-Lewis character in his blasphemy makes the preacher, Eli, surrender to his atheism by having Eli admit that he's a false prophet and that \\"God is a superstition!\\" This blasphemously hostile line (not to mention the indulgent infatuation with gore)  is probably what torpedoed the box office for There Will Be Blood because, when polls like an FNC one from 2004 and a Harris one from 2003 show overwhelming belief in God by Americans, planting a line like that will righteously tick off the moviegoing public!!!! There Will Be Blood's shabbily underperforming box-office take was a piddling $40 million in the States, a complete write-off as a failure of a film by any tally because it was a non-mainstream film targeted to counterculture, arthouse, elitist snobs and not the average American, who would've been willing to take his whole family if the film had been rated G or even PG!!!!<br /><br />My dressing-down of this film is far from done...hooooo boy, I'm just warming up in my proverbial bullpen. I still have to painstakingly detail the affronts of exorbitantly indulgent violence that this movie gorges itself on. The violence in this film is soooooo furious in scope and breadth that one can easily imagine serial killers John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer (if they were still living, that is) gleefully gloating along to this film and saying to themselves, \\"Yeah, I would've done it this way, too, had I seen this film before I started killing!\\"<br /><br />For instance:<br /><br />* There's a flashback to a scene when an oil drilling-accident sees a big metal pipe land on a worker whose body is then shown being pulled out, covered in blood, oil and mud!<br /><br />* Daniel slaps Eli several times over in rapid succession, knocking him flat on his *ss and bloodying up his pretty face. Not done with him, Daniel drags him by the hair and mortifies him by dragging him into some oil!<br /><br />* After realizing he was lied to, Daniel holds a pistol to some man's head and then cold-bloodedly executes him by shooting him in the head. Curiously, Daniel follows the customs of Islam by immediately burying this dead man's body, right in line with hardcore, conservative, Islamic teaching that bodies must be buried within 24 hours of death!<br /><br />* Daniel commits murder again by, at first, throwing bowling balls and pins at some other man. Daniel then hits him on his back with one and repeatedly wallops him with it. Next, blood splatters everywhere, and a large pool of grisly blood forms on the floor next to the body!<br /><br />I could go on almost indefinitely here, folks, but, suffice it to say, watching these scenes of merciless violence WILL have a coarsening effect on the viewer, which, however miserable, actually is right in line with the overall declining standards of decency that we've seen in American society since the liberal revolution of the 60s.<br /><br />To review my lesson, people, I will summarize by reminding you that There Will Be Blood is un-American and anti-American at its core. It derides the time-honored traditions of American capitalism, wealth-appreciation and business by essentially presenting a villain as the protagonist whose drive for wealth plays a big part in his depravity toward his fellow man. Liberal-ideology messages fail to get any more blatantly overt in their shoved-down-your-throat quality than this anti-capitalist theme of There Will Be Blood. Aside from that, the film has absolutely ZERO redeeming qualities because it essentially indulges and fetes hardcore violence and gore. Only non-mainstream, counterculture elitists should feel comfortable with viewing this piece of you-know-what.For instance:    * There's a flashback to a scene when an oil drilling-accident sees a big metal pipe land on a worker whose body is then shown being pulled out, covered in blood, oil and mud!    * Daniel slaps Eli several times over in rapid succession, knocking him flat on his *ss and bloodying up his pretty face. Not done with him, Daniel drags him by the hair and mortifies him by dragging him into some oil!    * After realizing he was lied to, Daniel holds a pistol to some man's head and then cold-bloodedly executes him by shooting him in the head. Curiously, Daniel follows the customs of Islam by immediately burying this dead man's body, right in line with hardcore, conservative, Islamic teaching that bodies must be buried within 24 hours of death!    * Daniel commits murder again by, at first, throwing bowling balls and pins at some other man. Daniel then hits him on his back with one and repeatedly wallops him with it. Next, blood splatters everywhere, and a large pool of grisly blood forms on the floor next to the body!    I could go on almost indefinitely here, folks, but, suffice it to say, watching these scenes of merciless violence WILL have a coarsening effect on the viewer, which, however miserable, actually is right in line with the overall declining standards of decency that we've seen in American society since the liberal revolution of the 60s.    To review my lesson, people, I will summarize by reminding you that There Will Be Blood is un-American and anti-American at its core. It derides the time-honored traditions of American capitalism, wealth-appreciation and business by essentially presenting a villain as the protagonist whose drive for wealth plays a big part in his depravity toward his fellow man. Liberal-ideology messages fail to get any more blatantly overt in their shoved-down-your-throat quality than this anti-capitalist theme of There Will Be Blood. Aside from that, the film has absolutely ZERO redeeming qualities because it essentially indulges and fetes hardcore violence and gore. Only non-mainstream, counterculture elitists should feel comfortable with viewing this piece of you-know-what.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I've been counting down to this album a long time and the album is finally out. It lives up to everything I thought it would be. Between the interludes you will find one of the most ambitious heavy metal albums ever. Only Judas Priest could be so bold, so \\"Metal\\" to do a double CD about the life of Nostadamus, even Spinal Tap dared not do that. Get it, enjoy it and be swept away on an epic journey.    This album is a real steal I got it for $11.99 and used the code to a get a free ticket to the Metal Masters tour. What an amazing tour, Testament one of the best thrash bands ever, followed by Motorhead then the almighty Judas Priest. Real Metal lives. Get this album go see the show and live the madness.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|It took me a little while to sink in it, but i mean this album has great sounds and different sounds unheard sounds and compare to their last CD.They have gone beyond expactations. I love it and this is from a person who finally, gave up on hiphop, but Seeing Sounds by NERD is pretty good. Coldplay, i will seee them in August when they will play at the Verizon Center in DC.
B000A42Y3M|4.0|As I'd hoped, the Brio Ant is as colorful, durable and entertaining for my grandson as the Brio pull toys I'd bought my daughter 30 years ago. No worries about batteries or mechanical noises with this.  Great product from a good company!
B000OCXMAE|5.0|Well, it seems that this album has the been the target for bad reviews..listen to the other Linkin Park albums, too! Linkin Park is a band of six who are great musical taste, as well as genius. These guys should'nt be looked down on. These days, music itself has gotten worse and worse, and Linkin Park's Minutes To Midnight shows the the rest of the world that bands out there can still make music. Meteora, Hybrid Theory, Reanimation, and the rest of their music itself is amazing. This is just a slice a perfection..    1: Wake: A unique intro, which throws the listener into the next track. (10/10)    2: Given Up: One of my favorite tracks off the album. The punk feeling throughout the song is unbeatable. (10/10)    3: Leave Out All The Rest: This is my least favorite track on the album. The whole concept of the track itself I disliked from the start. All, in all, it is a pretty good track, though. (7/10)    4: Bleed It Out: Another punk/ party type song. A good song from start to finish. (9/10)    5: Shadow Of The Day: It has been said before, and I will say it again. With Or Without You- U2 All in all, a good track. (9/10)    6: What I've Done: My second favorite track off the album! This track, despite being overplayed, is a great one. (10/10)    7: Hands Held High: A song that I believe is about George W. Bush, and the War in Iraq. A nice song throughout. (10/10)    8: No More Sorrow: This song captures Linkin Park's energy perfectly! 'Nuff said. (10/10)    9: Valentine's Day: A more mellowed out LP track. (10/10)    10: In Between: Some Mike Shinoda vocal action! This track is not half-bad.. (8/10)    11: In Pieces: A softer, but still great track from Linkin Park. Some nice vocals and nice guitar parts from Chester and Brad. (10/10)    12: The Little Things Give You Away: An emotional song written about Hurricane Katrina. (10/10)    All in all, a GREAT album. You will not regret your buy!                              Zach Taylor Hunt
B000YAA68C|5.0|I just loved this movie!  I laughed, I cried.... and the music was awsome!
B0017I1FNK|5.0|I've been an Emmylou fan since I was a young teen-ager and my mother bought me her Profiles I Best of album (yes, album). So I want to preface my review by stating upfront that I'm a fan and probably biased. That said, I do think this is a wonderful CD, well worth purchasing.    I do think that I personally prefer the production sound of her Wrecking Ball, Red Dirt Girl and Stumble in Grace CDs (what most reviewers have described as atmospheric, with world music influences, etc.) but that doesn't take away from the beauty and impact of the songs on this CD.    Yes, they are sad and full of regret and remorse. But this is Emmylou Harris folks. For my money, Emmylou's reputation as the \\"diva of loss\\" is our gain. No one sings these songs like she does. And nothing makes me happier than to listen to her sing them.    And as the Amazon reviewer said, despite darker subject matter (death, aging, loss, regrets) there is an uplifting feel to the CD. I think it's the paradox of the dark material in the hands of someone with such an angelic voice, but I also think there's a feeling of pulling up a chair and listening to someone older and wiser share hard-earned wisdom without self pity.    Is it country? Does it matter? Emmylou hasn't been welcome on country radio for a long time, even before Wrecking Ball. To be honest, I would like Emmylou to get airplay because I think she deserves it, but I wouldn't want her to change her style to get it.     It is more country, in my opinion, than the CDs I mentioned above, mainly for the production sound but also the material. Kern River still sounds as classic as it did in Merle Haggards' hands, and Emmylou's Gold and How She Could Sing the Wildwood Flower both have a traditional flavor to them. Add Old Fiver and Dimers Like Me and Beyond the Great Divide and that's a lot for the tradionalists.    Personally, I don't care how you classify her music. I guess I'm one of those fans who likes whatever Emmylou does because I love her voiceso much, and I respect her integrity.     Of her voice, one customer reviewer wrote that Emmylou was washed up and I felt compelled to respond to that before I even had received my CD. Now that I have, I can say without hesitation that she is not. This CD was recorded over a period of several years while she toured and did other projects. The fact that these songs are a bit gentler and delivered in a more delicate voice are a stylistic choice, it seems to me. If you've seen any of her recent youtube videos from performances as recent as last year or six months ago, you know that she can still exert some power on songs like Pancho and Lefty, Together Again and others when she needs to.    Has her voice changed? It would be a miracle if it hadn't. In my opinion though, the change in her voice is like the change in her appearance... maturity has only added a new element of beauty.    I know that there are times on this CD when her voice, described as cracked crystal by friend Linda Ronstadt, conveys emotion in a phrase or single word that I don't if anyone else could achieve, and that's only enhanced by the edgier sound that now complements the purity of her voice.    Her own song Not Enough is amazingly beautiful and moving to me, and it's a combination of her words and the aching delivery, especially on the refrain.    If I have any true critical remarks, it would be that the production seems a little heavy at times (slightly overshadowing the voices). On repeated listens, however, I have turned the volume up and found that does the trick. Also, I would somewhat agree with other reviewers who said the songs are all similar in tempo, but I disagree with the reviewer who said they all sound alike.    Those are two different things entirely. Similar in tempo yes, but Emmylou's delivery and the vocal and sound arrangements on the songs do vary. Shores of White Sound and Hold On have heavier production, while Moon Song, Not Enough and All That You Have is Your Soul are more spare.    To sum it up, I can't say that everyone will like this CD; some people seem to be either old Emmylou, or new Emmylou and this CD is a bit of a hybrid, not really either one. I guess when your tastes are as eclectic as Emmylou, you run the risk of not pleasing everyone.    Bottom line: the material is well-chosen and well-delivered and that's what makes it quintessential Emmylou. Turn the sound up and enjoy.
0061122416|5.0|As a rule, I'm not into self help books.  I'm especially not into them when they are disguised as novels, but Coelho's books are different somehow.  He comes from such a sincere place, and his prose never comes across as preachy.  This is spirituality in its purest form.  SIMPLICITY.  This book is not beyong anyon'es grasp and allows the reader--any reader a chance at spiritual enlightenment.  The book can be taken on many levels. It is an engaging read, but also a roadmap.  Calling this a book is an injustice.  It is a guide, and from time to time we all need to be guided.
B0018AK9RK|3.0|(Review by T.Buchanan, Karyn's husband)    Let me start off by saying that the horizons of Metal music have again been surpassed by Judas Priest. This extremely ambitious double album is a long way from their fast and furious days ( 'Screaming For Vengeance' and 'Defenders of the Faith'). A Priest fan since 1982, I have seen the band rise and fall and rise again like The Hellion. 'Nostradamus' himself would be flattered by this new epic. Yes, it's long, over-the-top, and has reflections of the 'Turbo' album with the heavy use of Guitar Synths. If you can get past that, then you're in for a ride. The echoes of the'Painkiller' are heard in the title track as well as flashbacks to 'Ram It Down'. Everything else is the new and evolved Priest. Some of us old school fans may not embrace it, but we should...Halford does some truly amazing work here, some of the best of his career. He even sings in fluent Italian on 'Pestilence' !  The craftsmanship and overall concept is brilliant. You will probably be exhausted at the very end of the album ( 2 CD's in an impressive hardcover book complete with all the lyrics) but it will have been worth it. I already have my ticket for the San Bernardino show. These songs will sound great live, if they play any from the new album. Iron Maiden's last epic concept album was a roaring success along with Queensryche's 'Operation Mindcrime'. Will Priest be able to follow? Undoubtedly.
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|As with everything Madonna does, the haters are usually the ones to scream the loudest at first.  They did it in 1992 with Erotica, in 2000 with Music, in 2003 with American Life, and now again in 2008 with Hard Candy.  Over time, the perspective on all of her old \\"worst album ever\\" reviews starts to turn to a more honest, tempered opinion and respect for the material.  Everything Madonna does musically is a step that only she has ever taken, so it's no surprise that the reactions run the gamut.    Hard Candy is certainly not her best album, but it IS an album that only Madonna could make.  Many times, a negative review for Madonna is either a bitter, personal attack on her longevity or more about disappointment that she hasn't returned to one of her countless groundbreaking eras.  Rarely do the harshest reviews of Madonna's music come from someone with a perspective on her career of making pop music better than anyone else in the world can.    A year from now, Hard Candy will stand strongly with her other once-lampooned releases that are now viewed as essential material to any pop catalogue.  Well done on her part, in my opinion.    -Adam
B001AOKA3W|4.0|As with many of JJ Abrams bodies of work, Cloverfield is much more than just a movie but you need not participate in the online Alternate Reality Game, series of comics, and so on. The reason you not get involved in all that, fun as it may be, is because the film itself is the closest thing to a Midtown Manhattan roller coaster I've seen yet.     Just like the old wooden coasters, the movie starts out with an almost overbearing handheld video of a going away party. It's as if you're waiting for the rest of the riders to get seated and buckled in. Then, the lights go out.    For the rest of the film and without a single break, you are following a handful of party goers running for their lives to survive events they can't comprehend until they see for themselves that a skyscraper crushing beast has decided to visit the big apple.     As if the single monster wasn't enough, it brought along some smaller friends who wind up being deadly hunters capable of tearing you apart and even if you survive with just a bite, they leave you with a final surprise.     I highly recommend this movie and, if you have the time and interest, checking out the side story and online game because it opens up many interesting questions, quite like fans of Lost wind up asking at the end of every season. You've probably heard about the handheld camera work and though it can be as irritating as a home movie if you let it, the purpose is to immerse you into the lives of fleeing residents in a way which makes the film both haunting and exciting.    The special effects are good and CGI integrates seamlessly with the film. Casting is okay, no big names, but a mixed bag of some very talented actors and actresses as well as a few who are no doubt destined to land roles in a B-movie or two before disappearing altogether.
B000BB1MIC|4.0|This was a great season of Gilmore Girls, it's not my absolute favorite, but it was very funny and a lot happened. Luke and Lorelai finally get together!!!!!!!! and we are introduced to Logan, Rory's new boyfriend.
6305075379|3.0|This is an interesting film, which if occasionally a bit wooden, virtually created its own genre overnight, and made Mel Gibson a star.<br /><br />Perhaps its most noteable feature was George Miller's use of unusual camera angles, which created one or two iconic images. Sometimes it has the feeling of an exploitation film, but it never develops in that way and by today's standards it seems rather tame.<br /><br />It looks as though it was made on a pretty low budget, and I prefer the brasher sequels where a little more polish was added. It remains a film curiosity, but really not much more than that.
B0018QCXGY|4.0|Cloverfield, for me, is one of the most intriguing films I've seen in a long time. And if I hear one more person whine about how they got sick because of the hand held video. Have you been to the movies lately? There's a lot of hand held/quick edit work being done. But IN THIS CONTEXT it works. It really does feel like a documentation of an actual event. And to debunk another criticism....that all the actors are the same age, same style of dress and talk....uh, they're friends at a party. Ever notice that your friends kinda look and talk like you more or less? Good grief. Now on to the movie. Just when you're ready for the s**t to hit the fan, it does. And it happens in the distance, you don't see the initial impact, and when you do see the first explosions, they are way off in the distance. Brilliant. Again, against the typical norms for this kind of movie, and it made it real for me. And it is pure genius to hold out on showing the creature too much. Part of what made the original JAWS so great was the restraint in showing the shark. It makes the few times you do see it all the more terrifying.     So don't let the bogus criticisms scare you off. This is a wildly entertaining movie. Find a friend with a big TV though. Best enjoyed on a big screen.
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I would call myself a Coldplay fanatic.  I have every album, every single, every B-side, have read all of their interviews, and paid waaaaaaaaay too much money to see them on tour last year.    I am totally in love with Viva La Vida.  I'm the type of listener who likes to be grabbed by a song, and I was hooked about 1:00 minute into \\"Life in Technicolor\\".  This is not Parachutes, ROBTHH, or X&Y; this album is tighter, brighter, and begs for repeated listenings.    If you want Parachutes v2 or ROBTHH v2, then you won't like Viva La Vida.  If you want to listen to a band that is stretching and evolving beyond their \\"typical\\" sound, download Viva La Vida right now -- you won't regret it!
B0008JFMFQ|5.0|Complex storyline, engaging characters, beautiful cinematography, action galore, this is perhaps the best action movie ever made.  LOVE the way color is used in this film to set the mood and establish points of view.
B000AOEMXM|3.0|While the series itself is fine, the item I received from the vendor was not the one pictured but a much cheaper version with all 4 seasons in one box that was manufacturer in Asia.  The menu on the DVDs did not work properly.  The breif discriptions on the episode were missing as was the art work, etc.  Unless you are willing to accept these failings I would strong recommend that you make sure that the vendor you are dealing with is selling the official USA release.    However the vendor agree to a return of the item and refunded my money.
0061122416|5.0|First, this book is a quick and easy read.  At just under 170 pages, it shouldn't take up much of anyone's time.<br /><br />I found on the surface, the story itself flowed very well and I easily followed the main character through his travels to the end of his journey.  If nothing else, I found pleasure in reading a clear, simple adventure that takes the reader on a journey.<br /><br />Intermixed with this story the author uses his story to insert his religious beliefs and ideas about the nature of our world.  I didn't necessarily agree with all of them, but again, I think his message was a very simple and direct one.  If you follow your dream, you can't fail.  I happen to believe that.  No matter how hard the journey, if you believe strong enough in something, you will persevere.  Even if you don't believe in the spiritual/religious ideas he presents, I think most people can respect and understand perseverence and following your own path no matter what the obstacles.<br /><br />I think the beauty of this book is that it hits you at multiple levels, story, personal journey, religious faith.  You aren't forced to \\"buy\\" into the whole package to come away with being touched by this story.
B0018OAPAW|1.0|Should I start writing Bob Rock hate mail like so many Metallica fans did after St. Anger?  It worked!  Why not?  He did the same thing to the Offspring in this album.  This is by far the worst album I could have imagined from the Offspring.  \\"Kristy are you Doing Ok?\\"...\\"A Lot Like Me\\"..  \\"Fix You\\"....ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Listen Bob, this isn't 1985 and the Offspring aren't Motley Crue.  They don't need POWER BALLADS!!  I shouldn't place all the blame on Bob.  It's the Offspring that wrote the songs unfortunately.  \\"Hammerhead\\" and \\"Stuff is Messed up\\" are the only tracks that I kept and they could have been b sides in my opinion.  Am I the only one that notices the 80's tinge to the lead guitar? I will end with my main complaint...  I have never heard an Offspring ballad in their nearly 20 year career so why is 1/4 of the album devoted to ballads now.  This used to be a punk band.
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I bought this CD today because I am a fan of Coldplay, and I must admit, it took me by surprise. Having said that, I also must admit that I fell in love with the music, although it did take me a while.    I will not go into a detailed dissection of the music, as others have done that before me, and quite successfully. I speak only to the 'controversy' and 'love it/hate it' talk that is swirling around the internet as people get their hands on a copy of the CD for the first time today.    I say, we dare not demand that our artists remain stagnant for our pleasure. The very nature of art begs for innovation, and as such, will take the public eye/ear by surprise. The Impressionists were considered quite daring in their time, and loudly reviled. Today, they may seem quaint. Jackson Pollack took the world by surprise and earned its scorn at first, but today is admired for his innovation. Countless other examples can be trotted out, but I'm sure the point is made.    Artists take a journey, and as fans, we are lucky to go along. Coldplay is taking us to a place they haven't taken us before, akin to the Beatles when they put out 'Sgt. Pepper', or U2 did when 'The Joshua Tree' took the world by storm. Consider 'Viva La Vida' as serving the same purpose for this generation. Consider yourself lucky to be privy to history in the making.    I titled this review 'Yes', simply because it is my favorite song on the album. The lower register of the vocals are showcased beautifully, despite us being used to the 'soaring falsettos' of the previous albums. The lyrics tell us, beg us, to say 'Yes' to the new direction that the band is taking, telling us that it was 'alright' in the beginning, but art leads us ever forward and we must change, so please come along. Coldplay is taking the risk of putting themselves out there, not knowing if we are 'willing' to say yes. I admire their bravery. All we can ever ask of our artists is that they do their best with all they have at that moment.The lyrics tell us 'God, only God knows I'm trying my best'. The lyrics ask us to say 'Yes'.    Please do say 'Yes'. You will be richer for the journey.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|Metal Gods, my a$$.  This piece of doggy doo must of been Halford's idea. All we wanted was another Sad Wings of Destiny or Stained Class and we get this. The keyboards make you want to puke.  Glenn my man what were you thinking?!  Luckily, there are other choices out there that can satisfy the true metaller.  Pick up the new Exodus, Testament, Sword or Hatchet CD's and lament over how great Priest USED to be.
B0007RT9LM|5.0|My niece specifically requested this movie for her birthday.  She loves the movie!  It was exactly what she wanted (of course, she asked for it, duh!)
B000ZLFALS|5.0|I think most of the 1-star reviewers don't get this movie :    - \\"No/Thin Story Line ?\\" Of course ! This movie is based on the beautiful visuals and on the timeliess music of the Beatles. Does \\"Grease\\" have a deep story to tell us ! No way.   However, the overall message of the movie is beautiful. A really nice love story, captured in perfect pictures. No special plots needed !    - \\"Aweful interpretation of Beatles classics ?\\" Not in this one (however, the movie Sgt. Peppers comes to mind). True, there is hardly ever a cover version of a Beatles song, that surpasses the original, but the arrangements of the songs in 'Across the Universe' are beautiful. It is amazing, how well the songs go with the story, or vice versa.    - \\"The movie does not correctly portrait the political situation of the 60's ?\\". Again, how accurate does \\"Grease\\" represent the 50's ? This is fiction, and not a political essay !    Also, it is great, how some parts of the 'Beatles' stroy are being used as part of the movie (i.e. the 'Cavern Club' like beginning, the 'Strawberry Jam' production instead of 'Apple Productions', and of course the 'roof top concert' at the end of the film, to name just a few).    Again, the visuals are so important to this movie, that I strongly recommend the Blu-Ray version of this DVD.
0765342294|5.0|What more can be said about this book that hasn't already been mentioned in the thousands or preceding reviews. The accolades are all well deserved. This book isn't just a science fiction classic, it's a classic work of fiction that transcends the genera, right up there with Orwell's 1984 and Huxley's Brave New World. A must read.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This TV show is equally as good as the movie Serenity. I can't believe this show was canceled mid first season!!! Why??? There were so many story lines that could have been explored. If you like SCI-FI your going to love this show. Hugely recommend!!!
0486268659|5.0|Cute book to add to my table of Christmas Stories.  Will make a cute addition this Christmas.
B00006RAKP|5.0|Bought as a gift but ended up ordering another one for myself.  Every song brings back great memories!
B000AA4JMU|5.0|Oliver! The Artful Doger, Fagan, Nancy and Bill Sikes.  Great music and timeless storyline.  Watching this with your family is a nice way to spend an evening or rainy summer day.
0743290119|4.0|Lauren Weisberger has done it again! This is another great book about 3 friends and the bet placed to see how can change something in their lives-mainly their love lives. A great and fairly quick read but only because I couldn't put it down!
B001AD3NIM|1.0|I'm a big fan of Alanis. But it'll take you about 15 seconds to realize that this record is so over-produced that Alanis isn't really on it, instead its E-Alanis, Alanis if she was created in a pop-diva laboratory. Whoever produced this record should listen to Jagged Little Pill a few times, then apologize to the band that recorded that album with Alanis, and then be beaten into unconsciousness with a sack full of Ashlee Simpson CD's and Bratz Dolls. Upon awakening he should be forced to record a Kidz-Bop version of this CD and made to listen to it repeatedly while ingesting Castor Oil and vomiting. No disrespect to Alanis. Her talent is unquestioned. But this record is disgraceful. This is probably the same guy who ruined Shery Crow. Yuk.
0061537934|5.0|The product arrived in a couple of days after placing my order.  The book was in excellent condition.  I will choose this seller again.
B00006AW2G|5.0|I am a music lover period and The Stones one of the great groups of all time.Had some 45 rmps by them in the sixties and seventys but this is my first album.No complaints here.
B000TGCR38|1.0|I am very disappointed in this production as the English sub-titles are very limited and it's not possible to follow the story.  We had seen it in the movie theatres where the sub-titles completely covered the story, but this is not so on the product we bought.  It's an excellent story, but unless the viewer can understand Hollance, it is extremely frustrating to try and grasp what is going on.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|i am freakin lost i dont know why kate was asking jack how has he been are they done with the show what i am lost i cant wait to get season 4
B0014DBZT2|5.0|Perhaps re-energized by the Grinderman project, this album finds Nick Cave and company picking up the pace a bit from the last few Bad Seeds albums.     I disagree with the (semi) negative reviews. I appreciate the fact that he mixed things up a bit and think the song-writing and lyrics are still top notch.     Can't wait for the tour!
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Three years after the rather ordinary and uninteresting \\"X&Y\\", Coldplay came with \\"Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends\\". And while this 2008 album may not produce such killer singles like the 2005's \\"Speed of Sound\\" or \\"Clocks\\" (out of \\"A Rush of Blood To the Head\\", 2002), it's clear that \\"Vida\\" is their most cohesive body of work and their most solid artistic statement yet. True, it may lack the immediate punch of the world-breakthrough \\"Rush of Blood\\", which had the world standing on its ear for the next \\"best band in the world\\".     Enlisting the producer Brian Eno (U2's \\"The Joshua Tree\\" and \\"Achtung Baby\\"), Coldplay are now definitely a rock and roll band (albeit a specific one), expanding their sound toward more guitar-based and eerie textures, while retaining their trademark melodicism -- witness the excellent \\"Lovers In Japan/Reign of Love\\" -- and sometimes moving to the world music traditions, like on the lovely \\"Strawberry Swing\\". Alternate singles \\"Viva La Vida\\" and \\"Violet Hill\\" are as pounding and euphoric as ever, yet rewarding repeated listens, which after all, applies to the album as a whole. Three tracks (5, 6 and 10) are long enough to accomodate, in fact, two songs (and they change accordingly mid-track), and the final one repeats the motive of the instrumental opener \\"Life in Technicolour\\", finishing an album with a satisfying sense of acomplishment.    So this is Coldplay showing some new face, playing music which has substance and soul. \\"Viva La Vida\\" maintains everything good there is about them and adds the welcome new ingredients into the final mixture. Certainly among the best commercial albums of 2008.
B000R7I3LY|4.0|For those that don't know, Little Voice is actually Sara Bareilles' second album. Her first album was a self-published album called [[ASIN:B000CAK7FG Careful Confessions]] but it has since gone out of print, which is why I can let slide the fact that several of the songs on there appear on THIS album. Anyway, I was first introduced to Sara on the Tonight Show, and then after \\"Love Song\\" blew up, I decided to check the album out.<br /><br />This is one of those albums that makes you wonder why it took people so long to tune into her. There are highlights galore, like \\"Bottle It Up\\", \\"Between the Lines\\" and \\"Morningside\\". By looking at those selections, though, some might be upset that there aren't as many faster cuts like the aforementioned \\"Love Song\\"; in fact, the only other one there really is is \\"Vegas\\" (which also shines). Ah well; the two-in-a-row of \\"One Sweet Love\\" and \\"Come Round Soon\\" have to have some of the most innovative lyrics I've heard in a while. Another stellar back-to-back is shown on the choir-influenced tunes \\"Many the Miles\\" and \\"Fairytale\\".<br /><br />Speaking of \\"Fairytale\\", though, the only reason I knocked off half a star is because the background vocals at the beginning of the song are really dissonant. But the rest of the song (and the album) are so good that I doubt you'll care. This album may be called Little Voice, but Sara has anything but, so pick it up if you haven't already.<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
B00005JNS0|4.0|Another in a long line of excellent films from Pixar. Perhaps a bit formulaic, but well executed and great fun to watch. The voice talents are excellent, the CGI is beautiful, the story is entertaining and the pacing is good, too. Perhaps not quite up to \\"The Incredibles\\" or the \\"Toy Story\\" levels, but very good nonetheless.
0767812387|5.0|Chayanne & Vanessa Williams did a great job.  I never knew that Vanessa Williams could do salsa until I watched this movie.  Great movie!
B00005JPNZ|3.0|In 1957 Nevada, Indiana Jones (Ford) and his sidekick Mac (Winstone) have been kidnapped by Irina Spalko (Blanchett) and her Soviet henchmen.  They break into an American military facility and Spalko enlists Indy's help in finding something.  Indy manages to escape, and soon finds that he has been given a leave of absence from teaching.  Before leaving town, \\"Mutt\\" (LeBouf) enlists his help to find Professor Oxley (Hurt), who has gone missing while looking for crystal skulls in South America.  They set off, and soon find themselves face to face with Spalko again, as well as a face from the past - Marion Ravenwood (Allen).<br /><br />\\"Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" could never live up to the hype surrounding it.  One would have hope that is was less disappointing than it is though.  It is good to see Indiana Jones back in action.  George Lucas's desire for the perfect story/script has been the major factor in the delay, and it is ironic that the story/script is the weakest point of the film.  In fact, it is downright silly at times.  Sure, it is good to see Harrison Ford back in action as Indy, but that can only carry a movie so far.  LeBouf and Blanchett are adequate in supporting roles, and it is good to see Karen Allen again.  Marion and Indy recapture some of the magic from \\"Raiders\\", but it is not enough.  \\"Kingdon\\" will make a bunch of money, that is certain, but it is likely to leave a bit of a sour taste in the viewers' mouths as they leave the theater.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Duffy's debut CD Rockferry continues the British retro-soul movement found in the music of Joss Stone and Amy Winehouse, and she carves her own niche with soulful, expressive vocals, wonderful musical arrangements that harken back to 60's Motown, and lyrics and themes that were around in the 60s and are timeless.<br /><br />Songs like the smash hit \\"Mercy,\\" \\" Warwick Avenue,\\" \\"Stepping Stone,\\" \\"Distant Dreamer,\\" and the rest prove that Duffy is no flash in the pan or merely a sales gimmick. There is style and substance here, and we should be able to look for more great music from this young Welsh lass.
B00000J7SS|4.0|Miles always had a way of turning the musical world on its ear when reinventing and redefining the confines of what music was supposed to be.  This album is one of the best examples of what an innovator he was.  It's hard to imagine what he had in mind when he took music in this direction.  The world was immersed in a time of \\"the thinking man's art\\", when abstract art was meant to lead people to get what they wanted to draw from an artist's perception.  In the visual arts, it was easy to create in the abstract.  Miles seemed to take this concept into the world of music in a way that nobody else could have dreamed.  \\"Organized abstraction\\" is a good way to describe this very original music.  I probably don't have to mention that this album has often been called 'the invention of fusion' or the beginning of the fusion movement, although it bears little resemblance of what fusion evolved into in the '70s.  Of course, a number of the kings of fusion, such as John McLaughlin, Benny Maupin, (Joe Zawinul and Wayne Shorter left this ensemble shortly after this to create Weather Report) etc. came from this experiment.  Despite the abstract nature of this album, it somehow comes together as an incredibly cohesive entity, complete unto itself and surprisingly pleasant to the ears.  This is definitely a musicians' album.  It's difficult to not be impressed by the grand talent exhibited by all those who contributed to this album.  From an artist's standpoint, this is a work of pure genius!  I only gave it 4 stars because, due to the abstract nature of this work, you need to be in a certain mood to listen to this album all the way through.....but when you're in those certain moods, there is nothing like this album!  Indeed, there really is nothing like this album!
B000H7JCG4|4.0|for years i've turned my nose up at 90210 because everyone else liked it. i got a chance to get these dvds on sale at target for 19.99 so i jumped on getting the first and second seasons. i've been putting off watching it until now and omg, i LOVE 90210. i don't ever remember catching it when it aired when i was their age and the show was on.     the thing is, i like jenny garth and shannon dougherty(sp?) becuase of dancing with the stars and charmed, and also was it tori spelling in this as well ? she used to bug me but i have a lot of respect for her now after all the stuff that's happened.    SOOOO ... i started watching this show. and i've watched it ... and watched it ... the thing is, they are like adults in high school; they deal with 'real' issues, and they're not bad actors. i will be getting in more hours on the treadmill ( i watch tv on dvd while i walk) because i love this show and will want to buy the rest of the seasons.     and weren't the clothes great? lol !!     seriously, a great show. if you like drama and some light hearted fun, this is the show for you ! i can't wait to see how the show evolves. i'm sad i missed it when it was really on tv.
B0018AK9RK|4.0|If you were looking for some heavy hard stuff like the painkiller days, you won't hear it in this album. Priest went way back to the old school melodrama like sad wings and sin after sin. I  did not like it the first time around, but now I am hooked. JP went beyond any genre on this one and have made a great piece of work. I like many of you fans hope the next album is a little more steel rather than aluminum but either way the Priest lives on and rules!!!
B000SXMS54|5.0|I rarely give ANY product this kind of review - but Amnesiac is one of those rare CD's that can be listened to in entirity. Moody, extremely layered, sad, whistful.<br /><br />Listen to it once and you will be hooked.
0061537934|2.0|We bought this book thinking it would be heart-warming for our good friend who recently lost her dog to old age - big mistake!
0375414932|4.0|I found this book really hard going for the first few chapter. Ah typical male attitude I thought but I was determined not to let it get the better of me. So I persisted and now I am so pleased...... It was one of the best descriptions of old age I have ever read. His enjoyment of the simple life in France was so real (particulary after the dog food section) His power of description so real that I felt I was there with him in his piece of heaven. I cannot believe he wasnt a real character.... I feel I got to know Logan Montstuart and now he's gone..... excellent read. Stick at it....
B0015HOFZI|1.0|This item was purchased as a gift for a Mac user.  There were no materials that outlined the \\"system requirements\\", but Mac users beware, this is Windows compatible only.
B000VBP38C|5.0|I have seen this movie several times and I had wanted a copy of my own  but this particular one was not compatible on my DVD.  This is one of the  all time classics a must for your DVD library.
B0018OAPAW|3.0|It's a bit early for me to be reviewing \\"Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace.\\"  I've only heard the album once, and I typically give an album at least three listens or so before I properly judge it, to see how it settles in.  My first impression of the album is that there are some solid tracks on here, but that this is definitely an artistic departure for Offspring.  This is easily their slowest and most mature album to date, which might be a good thing for my long term view of this album.  However, I also haven't found too many stand-out tracks yet.  My hope is that this album will pull a \\"Splinter\\" (which grew on me) rather than a \\"Conspiracy of One\\" (which I now view as kind of a deflated sell-out).    However, more than one reviewer (and only 11 have reviewed this so far) has noted that the album, regardless of its musical strengths, sounds terrible overall.  The reason for this can be summed up in two words: Bob Rock.  I'm not sure why Offspring decided to hire him, but it was a very bad decision.  The band worked well with Dave Jerden and Brendan O'Brian, and should have stayed with one of them.  For those who are unaware, Rock is notorious for overproducing music to the point of annoyance, and he was behind Metallica's terrible \\"St. Anger,\\" which stands as one of the 00's best examples of an album ruined by awful production.  Within minutes of me popping in \\"Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace,\\" I knew that the album did not sound good to me at all.  It's easy to blame Rock for this, but as I said, Offspring should also have known better.    My hope is that in the end I will be able to look past the terrible production and find that this is just as good as Offpsring's better career offerings (such as \\"Smash,\\" \\"Ixnay on the Hombre,\\" and \\"Splinter\\").  Perhaps I will update this review in the future with a more complete opinion on \\"Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace.\\"
B001794FOK|2.0|I recently rented this movie, its funny however I heard so many people talking badly about this movie I just had to see it for myself.  I rented it today and put it in my my PS3 60GB first release and made sure the software is up to date and all but it won't play its seen as a data disc with an unreadable format.  was curious to see if anyone has ran into this problem as well or if anyone might know of a fix for this.  Thank you
B0015KO52S|5.0|This album is a lot better than The Raconteurs first album. There are more genres of music blended into The Raconteurs original first album sound. There also are better solos and better songs on this album. If you like The Raconteurs first album, you will abosolutly need to get this one.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Though I would say that unfortunately I am behind on my American history, I can't begin to describe how much we enjoyed this mini-series.  The word on the street is very high praise and at a co-worker's recommendation, we watched this and were in total awe.  We sat down to watch 1 of the 3 dvd's it's on and ended up watching them all.  The making of it was also fascinating.  Should be reaping some deserved awards.
B00000IREA|1.0|I wish the r rated version I saw at the theater was on dvd. Fonda in the movie I saw at the theater left nothing to the imagination as I saw her completely naked from head to toe & she was beautiful. This PG version is just campy with none of her nudity. If you like this type of movie you would be better off buying flesh gordon.
B0013527I4|5.0|The Muppet shows are great.  These DVDs of the third season continue from the DVDs of seasons 1 and 2.  Jim Henson was a genius at his craft.  These shows are good clean fun for children and adults alike.  The stars that made guest appearances show just how popular these shows were; and they are timeless.  The price is reasonable, too; buy them!!
B0013D8LOU|2.0|if you can't follow along because of the singing, or just can't take the musical anymore, mute it, and put the subtitles on.  i was able to follow the story and see exactly what they are saying.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|Words can't begin to express my disappointment with this album. First-the subject matter is just plain hokey. Nostradamus?? Pulease!!  Perfect for the 'comic book' crowd but no so much for me. Second-the songs just don't catch fire, or lock into much of a groove. Actually, the fast songs sound, well, kinda lazy, and uninspired, Third-overall the album just lacks that sinister quality that Angel of Retribution had which is really too bad because I'd been looking forward to this album for a long time but I had a feeling it wouldn't come out right when I heard the advance songs. I mean, really, Nostradamus?? How white trash can you get? This album I'm afraid to say SUCKS!!
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Right from the start of this album...The Offspring make one of there best songs ever..Half Truism...I have been into The Offspring for like 15 years now and Some of the songs here are really good...Hearing Dexter's vocals bring back so many good memories from my childhood all the way through highschool..They're very streaky...got some amazing albums and some bad ones...This is one of the better ones..4 stars
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I'll start right off the bat by saying that I like Coldplay.  I really do.  For me they're like that band that you knew from high school that made it pretty big and you're rooting for them, hoping for their success.  But I can't help thinking as I'm listening to Viva La Vida, \\"when are you guys going to stop living in the shadow of your favorite bands and CREATE something?\\"  This time around the overzealous fanboys harvest cliches from U2 (especially The Unforgettable Fire), David Bowie, Genesis, Pink Floyd, Roxy Music - pretty much the whole art rock genre - in large chunks.  It's relieving to hear Coldplay working out of their established element, but it comes off a bit pretentious.  I'm losing patience with these guys because I hear potential for a 5 star album, but they keep taking the easy way out.  You can almost describe the albums in their catalog like this: Coldplay's been listening to Radiohead. Coldplay's been listening to Pink Floyd. Coldplay's been listening to Kraftwerk.  In this case: Coldplay's been listening to Brian Eno.  It's not bad music; in fact much of Viva La Vida is satisfying. It's just the same Coldplay through different color glasses.  It remains to be seen if Coldplay will remain rock music's most successful fanboys, or if they have a five star record in them.  Here's hoping.
B0012Q732O|1.0|I really don't expect film greatness from Roland Emmerich. His films may not be great but at least they are enjoyable, well, except for Godzilla. But even Godzilla was better than this mess which is why I nominate this flick for the 'BM' Award (I know what you're thinking....BM means Bad Movie). All previous criticisms aside, this is a badly acted, badly edited film. And let's not get into the awful storyline. The CGI work is cheesy, especially the laughable saber-toothed tiger. The Mastodon sequence is fine, if you don't look real hard, but much of the rest of the CGI work is woefully bad.    Any film, good or mediocre, must pass the audience test. The test: Can the audience willfully suspend disbelief of what he or she sees on the screen. 10,000 BC does not pass this test. Not even as a fantasy film.     I recently saw Pathfinder, a film similar in its directed intended audience. Like 10,000 BC, Pathfinder bears little resemblance to actual history, human culture,  or geography but it works well as a popcorn fantasy film. You can enjoy Pathfinder even though you know it is just fantasy and not real history. Pathfinder correctly imitates its comic book origins. 10,000 BC does not.    I can go on forever about the historical inaccuracies in 10,000 BC.  Some writers here have praised this film as a great fantasy and have criticized other reviewers for reviewing this film as historically accurate stating that it was not meant to be historical. But the film never indicates that it is a fantasy. In fact it attempts to convince the audience that the film is an accurate portrayal of life in 10,000 BC from the start. Obviously it is not historical. But many viewers, especially the young, will not know that. Haven't we had enough films that distort history? Is not this film just another version of One Million BC which shows humans living side-by-side with dinosaurs?    Even a fantasy must adhere to basic rules of logic. The film violates many rules of the physical universe.It begins with garbled geography that would never occur in reality. Where on earth can one travel from snow-capped mountains, to jungle, to desert? I also laughed at the CGI spear throwing as well, so obvious fake. Even if we accept that this is a fantasy world, spears cannot be cast as shown in this film. It is a physical impossibility.     I could go one but what's the point. Save your money except if you are a student of bad film and need a lesson on how not to do it. I do have to hand it to Mr Emmerich though. He knows how to make a film that has audience appeal and makes loads of dough for his investors whether or not the film itself is good or bad.
1930485182|5.0|My daughter and I both love The Woman's Yoga Book! Since today is the full moon, and women's cycles are influenced by the phases of the moon, I feel inspired to write a review of this lovely book.<br /><br />Senior Iyengar Yoga teacher Bobby Clennell brings decades of yoga study and teaching experience to The Woman's Yoga Book.  As other reviewers have noted, her writing style is clear, friendly, deep and nurturing. This book reflects her personal practice and many trips to India to study directly with the Iyengars.  She is a core faculty member of the Iyengar Yoga Institute of New York and teaches yoga workshops and retreats throughout the United States and abroad.<br /><br />The beginning of the book presents an overview of the history of menstrual beliefs and practices, examining how modern concepts developed and how ancient traditions from pro-feminine cultures can help us regain a healthy perspective of our body rhythms.<br /><br />Clennell points out that because today's woman starts her period earlier and has fewer babies (or none at all) she can have between 350 and 400 menstrual periods throughout her lifetime, as opposed to the 100 periods that most women experienced two hundred years ago.<br /><br />I was delighted with Clennell's emphasis on honoring the menstrual cycle. In an era where women are encouraged to medicate themselves and suppress the cycle, a book like this is sorely needed.<br /><br />Clennell rightly emphasizes that we are living in a culture that encourages women to ignore the very thing that makes us different from men: cyclical hormonal rhythms. For all our advances in social equality, attitudes toward menstruation are only slightly more enlightened than in the past. The media encourages us to suppress symptoms with drugs, keep up outer appearances and get over it as quickly as possible.<br /><br />Yoga teachers need to be aware that the young women students in their classes may already be taking one of the new experimental pills that promises a \\"lifestyle revolution\\" by eliminating periods and putting an end to premenstrual syndrome.<br /><br />Bobby Clennell gives sequences for each phase of the menstrual cycle, from the premenstrual phase (supported bridge pose stabilizes mood swings), menstruation (restorative poses allow the body to rest), and the post-menstrual phase (inversions allow the body to cleanse and recover). By ovulation, when a woman is at her peak, her yoga practice has built back up to its full strength and variety. In addition, The Woman's Yoga Book offers solutions for a variety of menstrual and premenstrual problems, including amenorrhea (failure to menstruate), menorrahgia (excessively heavy periods) and dysmenorrhea (painful periods).<br /><br />A former professional animator, Bobby Clennell has used her skill in creating over 735 illustrations. Two photographers took hundreds of photographs of the author on which she based the illustrations. The illustrations show variations of poses and, when necessary, how to come in and out of each pose. Clennell makes even the most complicated poses simple to comprehend.<br /><br />This book is useful to a wide range of practitioners. Women new to yoga can practice with this book, and teachers will have a vast storehouse of information at their fingertips. I urge any teacher offering workshops on yoga and the menstrual cycle to recommend this book to their students.<br /><br />This is a book for any women's health practitioner who is curious about how yoga works. It is a book that could lead doctors and other health professionals to refer more women to yoga classes.<br /><br />The publishers, Linda Cogozzo and Donald Moyer are themselves longtime Iyengar Yoga practitioners and the clarity of writing I have found in all their books is unsurpassed!<br /><br />--Suza Francina is a certified Iyengar yoga teacher and author of Yoga and the Wisdom of Menopause, and other books for people at midlife and older.ing periods and putting an end to premenstrual syndrome.      Bobby Clennell gives sequences for each phase of the menstrual cycle, from the premenstrual phase (supported bridge pose stabilizes mood swings), menstruation (restorative poses allow the body to rest), and the post-menstrual phase (inversions allow the body to cleanse and recover). By ovulation, when a woman is at her peak, her yoga practice has built back up to its full strength and variety. In addition, The Woman's Yoga Book offers solutions for a variety of menstrual and premenstrual problems, including amenorrhea (failure to menstruate), menorrahgia (excessively heavy periods) and dysmenorrhea (painful periods).    A former professional animator, Bobby Clennell has used her skill in creating over 735 illustrations. Two photographers took hundreds of photographs of the author on which she based the illustrations. The illustrations show variations of poses and, when necessary, how to come in and out of each pose. Clennell makes even the most complicated poses simple to comprehend.     This book is useful to a wide range of practitioners. Women new to yoga can practice with this book, and teachers will have a vast storehouse of information at their fingertips. I urge any teacher offering workshops on yoga and the menstrual cycle to recommend this book to their students.     This is a book for any women's health practitioner who is curious about how yoga works. It is a book that could lead doctors and other health professionals to refer more women to yoga classes.    The publishers, Linda Cogozzo and Donald Moyer are themselves longtime Iyengar Yoga practitioners and the clarity of writing I have found in all their books is unsurpassed!    --Suza Francina is a certified Iyengar yoga teacher and author of Yoga and the Wisdom of Menopause, and other books for people at midlife and older.
0143113100|3.0|I am half way through the book so I may modify this review in the end:<br /><br />I had to mention that the content of the book is great, and I love the subject and think the concepts will be revolutionary very soon.  The author does a great job engaging the reader and making what can be an otherwise overly complex simple to understand (unlike Wider than the Sky, a great book but like reading an SAT language test).<br /><br />The only problem is the way the author continues to push products and brands like I'm watching an infomercial.  Seriously it has testimonials like \\"Bob saved his live with this product and you can too!\\"<br /><br />I would rate the book 5 stars if the content wasn't product-oriented but made references in a footnote or appendix.<br /><br />Cheers.
B0012Q732O|2.0|The movie has similar senses of Apocalypto, but nothing could match that film. It had a few interesting moments(the Mammoth Hunting, Bird chasing), but that was it.
0812974611|3.0|Pompeii, is set, as you can probably guess, in the last few days, before the destruction of that town, by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius, in 79 A.D. I felt, the author's attention to detail was very good, but that some of the characters were a bit one-dimensional. A lot of time was spent on the build up to the eruption, but I felt the author did not spend enough time on the actual town of Pompeii. A lot of the book is set in the surrounding towns. Overall though, not a bad read.
B000ICL3KG|1.0|Energy Guzzled by Al Gore's Home in Past Year Could Power 232 U.S. Homes for a Month   Gore's personal electricity consumption up 10%, despite \\"energy-efficient\\" home renovations     NASHVILLE - In the year since Al Gore took steps to make his home more energy-efficient, the former Vice President's home energy use surged more than 10%, according to the Tennessee Center for Policy Research.     \\"A man's commitment to his beliefs is best measured by what he does behind the closed doors of his own home,\\" said Drew Johnson, President of the Tennessee Center for Policy Research. \\"Al Gore is a hypocrite and a fraud when it comes to his commitment to the environment, judging by his home energy consumption.\\"     In the past year, Gore's home burned through 213,210 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, enough to power 232 average American households for a month.     In February 2007, An Inconvenient Truth, a film based on a climate change speech developed by Gore, won an Academy Award for best documentary feature. The next day, the Tennessee Center for Policy Research uncovered that Gore's Nashville home guzzled 20 times more electricity than the average American household.     After the Tennessee Center for Policy Research exposed Gore's massive home energy use, the former Vice President scurried to make his home more energy-efficient. Despite adding solar panels, installing a geothermal system, replacing existing light bulbs with more efficient models, and overhauling the home's windows and ductwork, Gore now consumes more electricity than before the \\"green\\" overhaul.     Since taking steps to make his home more environmentally-friendly last June, Gore devours an average of 17,768 kWh per month -1,638 kWh more energy per month than before the renovations - at a cost of $16,533. By comparison, the average American household consumes 11,040 kWh in an entire year, according to the Energy Information Administration.     In the wake of becoming the most well-known global warmingalarmist, Gore won an Oscar, a Grammy and the Nobel Peace Prize. In addition, Gore saw his personal wealth increase by an estimated $100 million thanks largely to speaking fees and investments related to global warming hysteria.     \\"Actions speak louder than words, and Gore's actions prove that he views climate change not as a serious problem, but as a money-making opportunity,\\" Johnson said. \\"Gore is exploiting the public's concern about the environment to line his pockets and enhance his profile.\\"     The Tennessee Center for Policy Research, a Nashville-based free market think tank and watchdog organization, obtained information about Gore's home energy use through a public records request to the Nashville Electric Service.       --------------------------------------------------------------------------------    The Tennessee Center for Policy Research is an independent, nonprofit and nonpartisan research organization committed to achieving a freer, more prosperous Tennessee through the ideas of liberty. Visit TCPR online at: [...].
0688145078|5.0|I bought this book for my son, to prepare for the arrival of his baby sister. He was only 16m when I started reading it to him, and almost 2 when his sister ws born. He LOVED this book. he requested it nightly (making my life easier cause I would have read it anyway =)) He was so excited to be the BIG brother by the time his sister arrived, and I really believe this book helped with that. It points out all the great thing tha big kids can do that babies cannot. It also show the care and attention a baby will require, at the same time showing how both the baby and big sibling are special. Even after the birth of my daughter I continued to recite the book, when my son would want her to eat play ect, I would say \\"the baby is to little to walk, to little to talk to little to play with toys, to little to eat pizza and apples and ice cream. \\" this would satisfy him, and he'd move on. I would certainly buy/recommend this book to anyone exspecting another child.
0345345061|4.0|At its inception as a hodge-podge of unpublished works, with prose offerings in the form of essay and fairy tale and poetry in styles ancient and (almost) modern, no doubt The Tolkien Reader was a hurried effort to feed the masses of Tolkien-hungry readers after the surging tide of popularity of Lord of the Rings. Nonetheless, it serves quites passably as an introduction to the many facets of the Oxford don who would be voted the most popular writer of the century. While it is a must for any Tolkien fan it must be conceded that only a reader of very specific tastes will be able to enjoy all four parts of this collection.<br /><br />Perhaps unfortunately, The Reader begins with the least accessible work to modern tastes, The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm's Son. In the publisher's introductory note we are told that \\"Professor Tolkien has graciously permitted the publishers to add\\" this scholarly work to the three \\"established favorites,\\" implicitly acknowledging the limited appeal. For most readers not well versed in ancient sagas appreciating the Homecoming will be akin to viewing a richly colored painting via a black and white photograph.<br /><br />The essay and fairy tale included in the second section, collectively titled Tree and Leaf, are by themselves sufficient reason to buy The Tolkien Reader. The essay On Fairy-stories gives a revealing look at Tolkien's deepest beliefs about writing and faith. The autobiographical fairy tale Leaf by Niggle should be mandatory reading for any struggling artist. Tolkien provides a brief introduction to this section, including an inexplicably moving five line anecdote concerning the demise of a poplar tree.<br /><br />The third section is Farmer Giles of Ham, a fairy tale subsequently published as a stand-alone volume. It is perhaps the most palatable offering for readers of The Lord of the Rings looking for more Tolkien fiction, but it is closer to The Hobbit than the trilogy, both in size and tone. Readers will recognize Tolkien's humor in this light-hearted tale but it lacks the depth of his longer works.<br /><br />The Reader concludes with a collection of poems entitled The Adventures of Tom Bombadil and Other Verses purportedly from the now out of print Red Book. Many of these poems are incorporated into The Lord of the Rings and still others allude to characters and places of Middle-earth. Lines such as \\"the fat cat on the mat\\" are not likely to impress modern poetry critics. Many of the poems reflect a homey streak in Tolkien's tastes, but this was surely as much a part of the man as his love of the ancient and the magical. Indeed, the sixteen poems in this collection are equal part elf and hobbit, with a touch of troll thrown in, the same mixture (if not the same scale) that worked so well in his epic trilogy.his light-hearted tale but it lacks the depth of his longer works.    The Reader concludes with a collection of poems entitled The Adventures of Tom Bombadil and Other Verses purportedly from the now out of print Red Book. Many of these poems are incorporated into The Lord of the Rings and still others allude to characters and places of Middle-earth. Lines such as \\"the fat cat on the mat\\" are not likely to impress modern poetry critics. Many of the poems reflect a homey streak in Tolkien's tastes, but this was surely as much a part of the man as his love of the ancient and the magical. Indeed, the sixteen poems in this collection are equal part elf and hobbit, with a touch of troll thrown in, the same mixture (if not the same scale) that worked so well in his epic trilogy.
B00104W8T6|5.0|My wife and I really enjoy the whimsical nature of this music. It's a nice break from what we're used to. If you insist on your music having only people with great singing voices, this album is probably not for you, though. The songs are catchy and the lyrics are interesting, but it's definitely not a \\"pop\\" or \\"top 40\\" album.
0938045695|5.0|I get more out of a 5 five minute get up drill then I do working out for 30 minutes in the gym. I think a 30 dollar book and an $80, 35 pound kettelbell quickly pays for itself vice paying gym fees or buying free weights. I think this just appeals to certain types of people. I personally hate the gym culture so going one on one with a kettlebell just works for me. One other point, this type of lifting is the only think that I've found that gives me the same endorphin rush that running or moutain biking does. Who knew?
B000WCBPOG|5.0|What a great movie, and a wonderful interpretation of classic Beatles songs. I'm not one for musicals, but I enjoyed the movie so much I bought the soundtrack the next day. My wife and i both listen to this while we are doing things around the house, etc., and its energy keeps you moving. Bono from U2 sings on one of the tracks (I am the Walrus), and the rest of the cast does a great job. If you like the Beatles, you'll like this album.
B000002KD9|5.0|So, what happened here I think, was that Neil broke his leg or something, and had a release deadline to keep, and he couldn't pick up the electric guitar that he had weilded so flawlessly on his previous release. SO, instead he decided to hit the piano, and focus more on his softer side, initiating a creative flood for softer material, and hence, coming up with a songwriters treasure trove of an album. AFTER THE GOLD RUSH seems to be the favorite for anyone in the singer/songwriter circuit, and well it should be. The range of style on this thing is wide, but subtle. His most covered material can be found here, ONLY LOVE CAN BREAK YOUR HEART, BIRDS, DONT LET IT BRING YOU DOWN. Sure he hits the threshold of dismal here (even for Neil) with songs like the title track and OH LONESOME ME; but he also lets loose once or twice with songs like WHEN YOU DANCE and the silly but cool CRIPPLE CREEK FERRY. Personally I always dug TILL THE MORNING COMES. Its like a minute and a half long, but it says all it needs to say. \\"I'm gonna give you till the morning comes, till the morning comes. I'm only waiting till the morning comes.\\" And that about says it.  Neil somehow manages to shred one through the amplifier with the intense SOUTHERN MAN, and a pair of others stand well also.  To make this story short; every song here is an example of quality, and I doubt there is a singer/songwriter around that would disagree. SO, it doesn't rock out like, say, one of the Crazy Horse albums; but it definately deserves repeated listens, and has even caused me to flip the volume up more than once. Classic.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|Anyone who's seen the magnificent film \\"Elizabeth\\" starring Cate Blanchette, and Showtime's authentically created, well-acted, and well-directed, \\"The Tudors\\" ((both of which were written by the talented Michael Hirst) will be in for deep disappointment with this film.      Having read Philippi Gregory's tantalizing book \\"The Other Boleyn Girl,\\" which this film was based upon, I was looking forward to the film until I heard Natalie Portman was cast as Anne Boleyn.  I knew then the film was in trouble, not that Portman is a bad actress, just seriously miscast as the fiery, sly, manipulating, and conniving Anne.  Anyone who's seen Showtime's \\"The Tudors\\" with the very fine acting of Natalie Dormer as Anne will know what I'm talking about.      Eric Bana who is usually a good strong actor, was surprisingly one dimensional and flat with the exception of the love scenes with Scarlett Johansson, which were although brief, quite alluring. Bana didn't begin to pull off the emotional turmoil and layers of obsession that Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Henry VIII does so wonderfully in \\"The Tudor's, and Bana and Portman had zero chemistry.  You can say pretty much the same for Katherine, Queen of Aragon as Henry's long suffering wife (except of course, for the love scenes with Scarlett Johansson, which could have been more interesting than this entire film). Once again, \\"The Tudors\\" excels with Maria Doyle Kennedy cast as Katherine, Queen of Aragon, who is riveting. The casting agents for \\"The Tudors\\" and as well as for \\"Elizabeth\\" have a rare talent indeed.    Scarlett Johansson performance, although somewhat on the understated side, was the only actor who felt believable in this film, and Kristin Scott Thomas, if given a more beefy part, probably would have stood out as well.     With a few exceptions, for the most part the costumes and scenery were also mediocre, lacking the exquisite richness and sublime beauty that dominated in \\"Elizabeth\\", and to some overall extent \\"The Tudors\\".  The era may have not had good lighting, but they made up for it in the beauty and reflective glow of candlelight, the depth of colors, the contrast of  light and dark, and an overall mystery to their environments.    All in all, I found the film to be flat, poorly directed and poorly cast all around, and felt bad for Philippi Gregory, who wrote such a fine book.
B0013K2VFS|5.0|The skinny serie is always a nice buy for watch lovers. Got this one as a birthday present for my gf and she's just crazy for it. The strap is a bit longer than advertised, but with tunable strap pieces it's a snap to adjust the length to your need. Definitely recommended for any female looking for a stylish yet elegant accessory.
B000AMJG4Y|3.0|Final Fantasy 7:Advent Children looks very good. Better than The Spirits Within, and that's saying something. It's got action, vast cityscapes, and people with hair that moves. And it's got monsters and motorbikes, and more action...and yet more action. In fact, there's so much action everything else falls by the wayside, and here lies one of the films biggest failings.<br /><br />First, it has to be said that if you haven't seen Final Fantasy 7 and know a far bit about the world that this adventure takes place in, you're going to be totally lost here, because the movie is a direct sequel to that video game. So, as far as the movie going public goes, that's got to be a pretty small audience, even for a game like this, which was a massive world seller. But that's still not going to get as many bums on seats as your usual futuristic blockbuster. Still, let's assume that you're a bit of an FF fan and you've taken your chances and sat down, looking forward to seeing all your favourite characters come to life, so lets see what you get.<br /><br />Well, here's what the game gets pretty much right. There they all are, Cloud, Tifa, Yuffie, Barrett, etc and they look fantastic. The animation is superb, everyone moves, walks and gestures like a real person. The city (Midgar?) looks authentic and the feeling of familiarity is spot on. This was definitely a labour of love. They've even included some of the same musical themes.<br /><br />Now that you've got over the thrill of the characters coming to life, we can move onto the plot. Oh dear...Erm...well, three silver-haired punks turn up claiming that they want to reunite with Mother and take revenge on the planet. To do that they need to find some left-over cells from the original Jenova project that was behind the trouble in the game. Can our heroes stop them?  Well yes, of course, is the answer, and to do so, the film starts with jaw dropping action sequences, and never takes a breath for 90 minutes. Now that might sound great but without any character or plot development in between, the action seems to have as much depth as a vintage side scrolling beat `em up. All that happens in this film, is fight after fight, after fight, after fight! The silver haired baddies come to town and our heroes fight them. And that really is it. Oh they also summon some big bug-like monsters, but just the one type - how cheap is that? I wanted to see classic FF creatures, especially a few summons like Ifrit or Shiva but these generic beasts are nothing I recognised, and they don't even do much. Anyway, Cloud and the gang rip through everything anyway, just pausing momentarily to utter deep and meaningful platitudes about life, destiny and friendship before they get back to leaping on motorbikes or dashing vertically up the outside of tall buildings (like you do) to have a go at the baddies. The action is so outrageously over the top that in a few places you might actually be laughing, but I think such a reaction would not upset the makers, as it is not called \\"fantasy\\" for nothing. There's one standout sequence of a battle against a particularly large flying dragon type thing (the only different monster to the previously mentioned bug things) which has some quite breathtaking shots (if only we could really jump upwards with enough momentum to go that high!), but the rest of the film badly needs some time out from all the excitement to make you care about what's going on.<br /><br />The film is SO unavoidably for fans only that it's impossible for anyone new to the story to get anything out of it. And even someone who knows the original like I do needs a bit more meat on the story than this. I played it twice but still get lost when I try and unravel the plot, and this movie just glosses over everything, which, when you are referencing a game that had about 100 hours of interactive detail, that's a lot of glossing!! You couldn't just walk into this and get it, because the hugely important plot details about Mako, Materia, Jenova, Lifestream, Soldier, Sephiroth and Aeris are not explained in detail at all. All in all, the film is a fans dream, but an under developed one, because it's all your favourite characters in one very long and drawn out fight from beginning to end, and all in the same place and at the same breakneck speed. Its also seemingly shot in a palette of mostly grey, black and silver, which doesn't lend much to variety either. Quite exhausting, but ultimately very throwaway.tream, Soldier, Sephiroth and Aeris are not explained in detail at all. All in all, the film is a fans dream, but an under developed one, because it's all your favourite characters in one very long and drawn out fight from beginning to end, and all in the same place and at the same breakneck speed. Its also seemingly shot in a palette of mostly grey, black and silver, which doesn't lend much to variety either. Quite exhausting, but ultimately very throwaway.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I was a bit skeptical about Coldplay's latest album after hearing \\"Violet Hill\\" for the first time, but one sound bite of the title track \\"Viva La Vida\\" convinced me to go out and buy it on the first day.  I can't count how many times I've listened to it since then, but it hasn't disappointed me yet.<br /><br />The sound is different, but they've varied their style for each album, so it shouldn't come as that much of a surprise by now.  I'd say Viva La Vida would be characterized as Coldplay with a kick.  The music is a little more pumped up than usual but still has their quirky alternative/folk/\\"really heavy soft rock\\" quality to it.<br /><br />Whereas their previous CDs were called mellow and slightly melancholy for the most part, Viva is upbeat (though not necessarily positive) with powerful lyrics and instrumentals.  It's not something you could fall asleep to, but it's certainly something you could use for relaxation.<br /><br />If you're still unsure of whether to buy it or not, I would recommend downloading one or two of these songs to get an idea of the sound of the album:<br />The more upbeat - \\"Strawberry Swing,\\" \\"Death and All His Friends\\"<br />A touch of their old sound - \\"42,\\" \\"Lovers in Japan\\"<br />Chris's lower register - \\"Yes,\\" \\"Violet Hill\\"<br /><br />I think this has become my favorite overall album from Coldplay.  Stop expecting a repeat of X&Y and embrace their new direction.  The music's quite beautiful once you switch off your grumbling.
B000BMPQUG|5.0|How this group never made it big here in the states is beyond me....great songs great voices and they are very handsome...not cute they are not boys anymore......
B0014I4KIK|4.0|This is not the best album I've heard in a while, but I definitely like it. She has an awesomely-unique voice, which makes it easy to listen to. Her style is a bit retro, and she can really wail it out when she needs to. I don't love all the songs on the album, but I really enjoy 7 out of the 10 songs in the album. And to be honest, when an entire album has more than 3 good songs, that's already quite an accomplishment, because it does not happen often.
B0015YGA0Y|3.0|I saw the concert tour that the DVD was based off of. First, I must say that Mana' is awsome in concert. There are three things keeping this from being awsome. One, there was a great guitar solo in the concert that was left off the DVD. There was a cool part of the concert where Fher serenades a couple chicas on a couch in the middle of the stage - way cool, but left off the DVD. Lastly, there was an awsome 10 minute drum solo in the middle that was left off the DVD. So, that is a good DVD by a great band... but it could have been a Must-Have DVD.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|great video! makes you want to be there with the crowd! wonderful shots of michael and all his moves, and you get a look at the crowd fainting and get to see more mj fans! i love this video i watch it everyday!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I like everyone else has been a fan of Judas Priest since the halcyon days of the 80's and 90's. I have to admit that I was huge fan of Ripper Owens and was disappointed when he left. When I heard about this project I was interested to hear what it would sound like.    After picking up my copy the other day I sat down and listened from start to finish, and at the conclusion I was amazed. The dark and light of this album is amazing, and gives the albums real feeling and emotion.     Unfortunately most metal heads can be very closed in their thinking, but if you are willing to open your mind and give this a chance you will see that it is indeed a brilliant piece of music.    Now I know everyone is entitled to an opinion, but the people that have said that Rob's voice sound weak, or the guitars don't shred - I ask you \\"Did you actually listen to the CD in it's entirety?\\"    Rob is in sensational vocal form, and their are some excellent guitar parts right through the album both fast and slow.    It is always a big risk when an established world famous group does something different, and yes St Anger was terrible no matter how many listens I had. But this is really good for those who are willing to explore new territory.    Well done Judas Priest - Great Job!!!
B0018CWWLE|5.0|I've been an avid Genesis fan since the seventies and have attended several concerts. This three DVD set is excellent in picture and sound quality.  It is abundantly clear that Genesis and crew put a great deal of time and effort into this production. All in all a wonderful addition to anyone's Genesis collection.
037582913X|5.0|My son is not into Sesame Street at all, but he still loves this book. I bought it for him because I remember my mother reading it to me and my sisters when we were little. It's a classic that's still great for kids of all ages. My 1 year old loves the characters and my 3 year old loves the story. It's a great addition to our night time stories! I bought 2 so I could give one as a gift because I love it so much
B0010VD7EO|4.0|This band's sound is really retro yet entirely modern.  I was so convinced that the song \\"Time To Pretend\\" was a cover when I heard it that I spent 20 minutes online trying to figure out who the original artist was.  I just *knew* I'd heard it somewhere before.  (It turns out that I had; it was on the season finale of \\"Gossip Girl\\".)<br /><br />All of their songs have this odd vibe of being somehow familiar, even if you've never heard them before.  Yet the band's interpretation of each song is fresh and different.  It's one of those rewarding albums that makes for great background music when you don't feel like really paying attention to it, then proves to have a lot more substance than meets the ear when you do take the time to really listen to it.  The lyrics are strange and wonderful, the music even more so.<br /><br />I am a huge fan of Tori Amos and Spoon, and in an odd way, this band is like a cross between the two of them.  I recommend it highly.
0061537934|5.0|This is an excellent book especially if your pets are more than just pets to you.  I enjoyed this book very much and would recommend it to everyone, dog lovers most especially.
0312379293|4.0|I only have one good friend that is a voracious reader besides my wife.  He gave me this book about a week ago and said it was terrific but it took him awhile to get into it.  I was into it literally from page one.  In fact, I felt it bogged down just a slight bit in the mid section as the main character plotted his revenge. Nonetheless I cannot give this terrific page turner 5 stars, because I am extremely bothered by one major plot point.  I do not want to add any spoilers other than to say that the major twist at the end should not have been a twist. It should have occurred around page 60 or so, but then we would never have had the fun of reading a very good story.  If you have read the book and want to discuss it by commenting, feel free, because this one plot issue just bugs the heck out of me, and I am wondering if it bugged anyone else.  Still I highly recommend this entertaining tale.
B00159679S|5.0|This 33-CD compendium is certainly one of the finest bargains Decca has made available.  All these recordings were made from live and rehearsal performances at Bayreuth and all are in fine stereo sound, well-mastered, which captures the Green Hill acoustic wonderfully well.  At least one of these performances (Boehm's TRISTAN UND ISOLDE) can lay claim to being the best available version; the old mono Furtwaengler version is its only real competition.  Boehm's RING is also a fine achievement, capped by Nilsson's matchless Brunnhilde in white hot performances, perhaps preferable to her performances under Solti.  The performances by King, Rysanek, Windgassen and Adam are classic and not to be missed, and Boehm's conducting of the scores is propulsive and all of a piece.  No other RING performance is so well integrated as this one.<br /><br />Levine's PARSIFAL is also on a very high level, with Waltrud Meier's excellent and thrilling Kundry and Hans Sotin's gorgeously sung Gurnemanz.  The digital sound is especially winning here, capturing the opera in the theatre it was written for.  I have real affection for Levine's way with this score.  I saw him do it at the Met nine times over the years and those are among my most cherished operatic memories.  He made several later recordings of PARSIFAL and all of them are wonderful.<br /><br />The other performances might not be my first choice among competing versions, but all of them are fine, representative recordings with many delights and nothing to seriously disappoint one.  I'm quite fond of Silja's performances (FLYING DUTCMAN, TANNHAUSER and LOHENGRIN - all superbly conducted by Sawallisch), and Astrid Varnay's Ortrud certainly burns up the soundwaves.<br /><br />At less than two dollars per disc, what are you waiting for?  This won't be around long.
B000EGDAKM|5.0|Not my cup of tea, but my boyfriend loved it.  Action and chicks in tight leather.  He was in heaven...ha ha
B000WMFZMY|5.0|Great movie by great actors/actresses.  True to a point, but it's a movie after all.  Enjoy
1932100660|5.0|I found the China Study so convincing I have eliminated meat/animal products from my diet. Two months ago I would have never guessed I'd take on the vegan lifestyle to promote optimum health. I encourage everyone to read this study, visit the facts and incorporate changes to their eating habits.
0345495004|5.0|This book is my favorite read of 2008.  I am not, however, an expert on Frank Lloyd Wright, but I'm not exactly sure why anyone would read a fictional book based on his life and be surprised when it's not all accurate?  Anyway, the writer's style is excellent - flows beautifully.  While it is a light read, it is full of debatable topics and interesting tidbits.  I found myself researching a lot of this book, seeing what was factual and what was not.  I was pleased with how much was factual.  I just love this book and highly recommend it!
B0000640VO|5.0|Even though I'm a French teacher, I'm not big on French film. It is always really weird and certain to have very unnecessary and random nudity in it. However, I love this movie and have seen it many times. It has a cute and creative plot, and shows a lot of neat things about Paris and French culture. It's great for a French class, provided you fastforward through the one or 2 places of typical French nudity. Luckily, in this movie that is not too hard to do.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Who knew that a show with a serial killer as the protagonist could ever be so good?  The second season of Showtime's Dexter not only improves on an excellent debut season, but blows it out of the water.  As the second season opens, Dexter (Michael C. Hall) has some problems.  Doakes (Erik King) knows something is suspicious with him and is keeping on his trail, making Dexter's ritual of killing bad people even harder than ever to get away with.  Making matters worse is the discovery of Dexter's dumping spot in the ocean, which leads to Agent Lundy (Keith Carradine) coming on the scene.  Not to mention that Dexter's relationship with Rita (Julie Benz) is very much on the rocks, especially when he meets a woman named Lila (Jamie Murray) who is much more akin to Dexter's persona.  In the meantime, Dexter's sister Debra (Jennifer Carpenter) has become a changed person since her experience with the Ice Truck Killer, and when revelations about their father Harry's (James Remar) past come to light, Dexter begins to question everything there is about himself, including the code that Harry instilled in him.  Loaded with some inventive twists and turns, the second season of Dexter is some of the absolute best premium TV you will ever see, and certainly the best thing to ever grace Showtime.  All in all, if you've been missing out on Dexter thus far, you have been missing out on quite a bit, and this is one series that definitely deserves your time and attention.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out and listened to it like crazy. I remember her singing \\"Zion\\" at the grammys and crying it was so beautiful. I say it's bittersweet because obviously it's about love and heartache and breakup's and makeups. But also because this was her only ablum for a few years until she came out with that Unplugged album which was even more deep and dark and sad, but great. I love her music , you can tell what she's going through with every track. All around great investment.
B00011F5DK|5.0|We all play this game - even my preschooler - and have a blast.  It can be played by two players, but all four colors need to be played so each person takes two colors.  My kids don't like this much, but it goes okay for older kids and adults.  Overall I recommend this game for anyone, especially people who love puzzles.
B000E5KJDE|5.0|I've always been a fan of this movie, just not the standard dvd I have of it, its way too fuzzy. I decided to purchase the HD DVD version and OH MY, a world of difference! Picture quality is spectacular!  HD DVD is the way to go with this one, until it runs out of course.
B000K4X5XA|3.0|The Blu-ray edition gives you the \\"Extended Version\\" edit, without telling you anywhere in the packaging that this is not the original release edit.  The added scene where Superman tries to give Marlon Brando's ghost a hug is unintentially hilarious.  There's a reason Donner cut it, and the decision to restore it is poor.  We already have to deal with the Margot Kidder voiceover during the romantic flying sequence...we don't need to add more groaners to this movie. Donner's already stated he prefers the release version...why can't they give us a good release of that?
B001AQWC2C|5.0|This is one of those you'll love it or hate it things.  I've listened to it all the way through and that is the way to do it.  LISTEN to the story they are telling of Nostradamus.  I can picture what they are saying as the lyrics are very descriptive.  The writing is awesome and the music fits it perfectly. It gets right in your face. Halford and the boys are in fine form on this epic new work from Judas Priest. Way to go guys!  GREAT JOB!!!!!!!
B000TGJ80S|1.0|Coppola should be sued for this title; this is NOT Bram Stoker's Dracula.  Not even close.  For one thing, Stoker's novel was well done.  This movie is trash.  From the ridiculous-looking make-up for Gary Oldman to the high-school-play English accent of Keanu Reeves... all trash.  And let's not forget Dracula's \\"scary\\" shadow doing \\"scary\\" things.  Tremble; shiver.  Actually, I groaned and laughed.        People always pretend they can read Stoker's mind and claim he was REALLY writing about Victorian sexual repression; well I think I can read COPPOLA'S mind and I've discovered he's a dirty old man.  He keeps finding ways to add sex and nudity to this movie that weren't even hinted at in the novel.       If you want Bram Stoker's Dracula, read the book.  No movie has ever captured him correctly.  I have a suggestion though, let's ask Peter Jackson to make the final, definitive version of the film.  I think he could finally do it right.  But Coppola's version... well, you might be able to get a buck for it in a garage sale.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|This was delivered to me quickly and in perfect form. The c.d. itself is wonderful. Duffy is very talented and the music is soulfull. This is a must for summer music this year.
1400063515|5.0|The author, I think, is one of the great thinkers of our time.  I enjoyed his work.  On YouTube, there is a long interview of Mr. Taleb by an old guy.  It was a disaster in that the interviewer has almost no knowledge about what what Taleb was talking about (including chaos, ...) and consistently interrupts and makes annoying noises.  Therefore, I could only partially tell what Taleb was trying to say and I knew it was something important.  Being unable to completely hear and see what Taleb attempted to say, I bought his book. Anyhow, it is not a technical book, it's fun with lots of history knowledge and intriging to read.  I recommended it to many friends already.
B00005JM02|4.0|Finding Nemo is a sweet and enjoyable family film. This film is almost perfect, the ending drags a bit. Finding Nemo has such a good message and the characters are absolutely delightful, I highly recommend checking out this animated treasure, enjoy!
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This album is the ultimate Metal opera. Anyone who can remember concept albums and has the desire to listen to the recording all the way through will be rewarded. Those who only like fast easy same ole same ole will not like this. Too bad the world has gotten so fast paced that there are people out there who can not enjoy this music because it takes too much time.   The Priest have always pushed the borders and with each effort they have changed the concept of what is Metal.
B0018RWD1S|5.0|The FRANK DELUXE EDITION two-cd set from Amy Winehouse is a treasure. Jazzier than [[ASIN:B000N2G3RY Back to Black]], FRANK is a call back to another place and time.  Winehouse is pure talent and it's a shame that her personal life is so out of control that it might bring the end to such a force of nature.<br /><br />The first cd in FRANK must be the original cd and begins with an intro of Winehouse scatting. It goes on with songs that have a funky jazz & soul beat and Winehouse sounds like a cross between Billie Holliday and Shirley Bassey, with a little Barbra Streisand thrown in for good measure. I love her remake of \\"Moody's Mood For Love.\\" There are also a couple of hidden tracks that start after the \\"Outro.\\"<br /><br />But the real treat is the second cd. This bonus disc has Winehouse covering classics like \\"Someone To Watch Over Me,\\" \\"Teach Me Tonight,\\" and \\"'Round Midnight\\" and she makes them all her own. Also included on cd 2 are live versions of the songs \\"Stronger Than Me,\\" \\"I Heard Love Is Blind,\\" \\"Take The Box,\\" and \\"In My Bed\\" and other mixes of songs from cd 1.<br /><br />Also included is a small booklet with liner notes by Paul Flynn and the lyrics to the songs on cd 1.<br /><br />Hopefully Ms. Winehouse will get her self together. But even if she doesn't, FRANK DELUXE ED. is an enjoyable cd set.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Great stories, great characters, can't believe these are sets and production values for TV, top notch directing. Can't find a better show for your buck.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|the movie is done through the eyes of someone doing a personal video tape: shaky, uneven, uncomfortable to watch.  what a waste of money
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|ive never written one of these reviews...but upon hearing one song from 19...i was an still am...without words....truly a classic vocalist...a voice u feel in your soul and is hard to ignore...I wish Adele lifelong sucess...      peace
B00102F5WK|3.0|Basically a movie criticising American policy of kidnapping ethnic and other individuals suspected of terrorist or anti-American activities.  Roles are pretty generic: young generations are pure and idealistic, while the older generations are jackals corrupted or cynical, willing to do whatever it takes in their zealous effort to protect US and its inhabitants.  Meryl Streep gives stellar performance as an icy US senator who will not stop at anything, while Reese Witherspoon gives her poorest performing effort I have ever seen on the big screen.  This political thriller attempts to mix politics, cultural differentes, anti-american feelings from the islamic societies and brain washing of young men in underdeveloped countries who choose to become martyrs out of their own feelings of hopelessness, lonelines and despair.
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|I do not like Black Nick Fury. I use to like Black Nick Fury but Black Nick Fury is in everything and is over done. Young Darth Vader is not a good actor. But young Darth Vader was not bad in this. I heard that this movie stunk but I watched it from beginning to end and enjoyed it. It had a lot of thrills and excitement that kept me interested and entertained. Shakespeare it ain't but it was a good action movie.
B0013TPV0Q|2.0|I LOVE everything else Sedaris has written but this book was just bad.<br />It reads like a very boring diary - not funny and at times fall asleep boring.<br />I really hope this is just a blip on the radar as his other books have all been fantastic, fun to read and insightful.
B0018AK9RK|4.0|Like a lot of people, I was a bit hesistant when I heard about the concept for this album. I have been a Priest fan since I discovered them in '82 and have been with them since then. Although, the \\"Ripper\\" years are something to forget. I was not happy with their first try for an epic song, which was \\"Lochness\\" on \\"Angel of Retribution,\\" which sucked and was the only bad patch on an otherwise great album. I feared that the new album would be an entire \\"Lochness.\\" Wrong. This is a great epic album and I thought it was awesome! I can understand how this may not satisfy all Priest fans because there are not a lot of pounders here. Most of it is a laid back journey that needs to be listened to in it's entirety to be fully appreciated. If you just listen the the excerpts here on the Amazon page, you will probably not be very impressed. Do not let this fool you. This is a great album that is worth picking up. In a sea of modern metal where practically all the music involves nothing but bar chords played as fast as possible and so-called vocalists yelling at the lowest octaves they can attain, this album really is a masterpiece and will be considered a high point in the career of the Priest!
0812974611|4.0|Marcus Attilius, the \\"aquarius\\" or water engineer newly assigned to care for the Aqua Augusta, tackles the job eagerly. Being placed in charge of one of the Roman Empire's great aqueducts is a key advancement in the career he loves, that has been followed by the men in his family for generations; and taking on such an important job at a dangerous time, during a puzzling and increasingly severe drought, distracts him from the grief that still haunts him three years after his young wife's death in childbirth. He's challenged by the hostility of his work crew in general, and of its foreman in particular. He's puzzled by the unexplained disappearance of his predecessor, and by a lot of other things that just don't add up. When the Augusta stops flowing, leaving town after town without that great necessity of civilized life - a copious and steady supply of fresh, clean water - Attilius sets out from his station in Misenum for Pompeii, across the Bay of Naples, to find and repair the aqueduct's break. He suspect it's got something to do with earth tremors, sulfur-contaminated water that came through to Misenum just before the Augusta failed, and maybe even something to do with his vanished predecessor. It all seems to center on the mountain overlooking the prosperous coastal city of Pompeii...a mountain called Vesuvius.<br /><br />Vividly written and well researched, this fine historical novel plunges the reader into the Roman world of A.D. 79 and makes that world both understandable and real. Although there's little time and space for in-depth character development, the people depicted behave both consistently and believably; and it's fun to glimpse both Pliny the Elder and Pliny the Younger as actors in this drama. All in all, this is one terrific read.
B0017ZB8M6|3.0|I heard a CD review on the Radio (they go through all the songs of the CD) remembered the \\"I kissed a girl\\" song (no not from Little Mermaid). Thought maybe her other songs would be good.   I didn't buy the whole CD.   The songs I liked the best are:  Waking Up In Vegas  \\"Thinking of You\\" (its okay, it might grow on me)  Hot 'N Cold  If You Can Afford Me  Self Inflicted    Most of the songs just have some catchy lyrics. I probably well get tired of them after a while, but good enough for running. (work out music, and summer driving)    In searching for more about Katy, I found one other song I like called  \\"Long Shot\\" that is as good as the rest of her songs. (I'm not sure which album it was from)  I found out she has some bonus tracks through other stores (I'll have to check those out).   More the reason I was writing this (sense I could care less that I give a review).  That Katy did have another Christian (yes Christain) album under the name Katy Hudson (which she was 16).  You can find it here on Amazon.  It does sound like here (doesn't look like her) so I'll see how that sounds.  (for one thing she doesn't LOOK like the signer I see on the cover)
0316143472|5.0|First book I ever read by David Sedaris and I'm hooked!  Read this book in 2-3 days and laughed out loud many, many times! My favorite essay in the book is about the skeleton he bought Hugh in Paris!  Absolutely hilarious!<br />Buy this book!
0823015033|5.0|Goes beyond the basic simple instructions for figures. Very good for artists doing detailed delicate work in clay.
B000000JO3|5.0|if you like music anymore powerful then barry manilow, or more significant then insync, and you don't own this CD yet, there is something wrong with you.  Among all the hardcore/punk albums ever made, this and bad brains are simply in a league of their own.   A fan of rock/punk/hardcore/or metal not owning this, would be like a rock guitarist never hearing Jimi Hendrix.
B000AMJG4Y|5.0|This is a goog movie for fans of the Final Fantasy video game series. I wouldn't recomend it for those who are not a fan of the series. The quallity of the animation is great.
0446402389|4.0|Excellent depiction of the USSR under Stalin. Totally believable how people contorted themselves in that paranoid and sick society. But the mystery was down right ludicrous. Once I found out who the killer was, I lost all interest it was so preposterous. So I would say the first half of the book is 5 star and the latter I couldn't even read.<br />I really liked the description of Leo's marriage and the developments in that relationship. That was the most interesting part of the book for me, and that part felt really true. Shame about the crime (though I did like the state's conclusion to the crime, that was neat) It really showed the 1984 state think, alive and well in Stalinist 50'.s
B0018AK9RK|4.0|I had not heard the concept for the album before buying. I was expecting a traditional JP Cd similar to Angel of Retribution. It was no where close, but still is a great album. I believe it is fairly, if not very complex. Many times Halford isnt there for just vocals, but his voice is an instrument that melds in with the music.     I'm also a fan of Tool and Iced Earth, and this for some reason reminded me of them. If you look at all their latest albums, they all do the 1-2 minute preludes to each song (or group of songs) followed by the song itself. If you're a fan of Priest and are hardcore about their old ways, wait for the cd to go down in price. I feel that JP fans should definitely buy it, but to me its not an album with singles or hits. Its a complete great overall album.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay has left an amazing trilogy behind them, three excellent albums. With the release of each album, they've gained the attention and the worldwide fanbase that they deserve. Then they release the diverse masterpiece \\"Viva La Vida\\"!    This is a great album with a dark and cold mood throughout. The lyrical content at times can be depressing, yet it manages to inspire. With Coldplay taking a \\"new direction\\", it just shows that this is a band that isn't afraid to offer their fans something fresh, and it sounds amazing.    A well-deserved 5 Stars!
B0012E6R3W|5.0|These guys have given us a very solid listen here. The tunes are very well put together and played to perfecton by a very talented band. The production is sweet as well. Welcome back old friends, we missed you!<br /><br />P.S. Chuck, you rock man!!
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Hard Candy is a good dance record. It has great beats but mediocre lyrics that are meant for the dance floor, except for a few select tracks. But it's not supposed to be a \\"deep\\" and personal record, it's supposed to make you MOVE!    The only track that should've been left of the album is \\"Spanish Lesson\\", which is the weakest track on the album. Thus, the chip in my tooth.
B0013BNY2Q|5.0|This cd is good! It is harder than the usual REM stuff.  I like the edgier stuff like this as compared to the bubblegum pop stuff that the commons tend to enjoy.  It reminds me of the older stuff they did back in the early 80's.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|The isn't one bad thing I can say about this dvd. The special features are great and SUPERNATURAL is simply the best tv series ever created. How can incredibly bad actors be in the spot light but hard working and amazingly talented ones like Jensen Ackles are shoved in the dark amazes me. So to anyone who has second thoughts about this dvd please don't. It's the best way to spend your money, you won't regret it.
B000002B2T|4.0|I received this cassette as a gift when it came out in the 90's from someone I was dating at the time. I fell in love with it, not the person. All worked out as it should have and this is still a great album. I do feel it was an under-rated album. Layne Staley is raw, poetic and genuine as always. He was among the greatest singer/song writers ever. So unique, so fragile, so moving. If you like Alice In Chains and Pearl Jam, please give Mad Season a well deserved listen.
0345404475|4.0|Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? follows a bounty hunter working for the San Francisco police in the year 2021.  This particular bounty hunter doesn't track down humans, but rather androids.  If this sounds familiar at all, it might be because the book was adapted into the movie [[ASIN:B000UBMSB8 Blade Runner (Four-Disc Collector's Edition)]] starring Harrison Ford.  For those who have seen the film version, do not expect much consistency between the book and movie.  It's probably more accurate to say that Bladerunner was inspired by this book, rather than adapted from it.      Our bounty hunter, Rick Deckard, is assigned to track down a half dozen androids of a new and more intelligent type than any previously created.  Along the way, his experiences cause him to question a good deal about himself including his profession.    After reading this book, I can see why Dick is sometimes compared to Kafka as a writer.  There is an odd, surreal quality to the world he creates and a recitation of the entire plot would sound fairly absurd in parts.  Yet, I found it a compelling read even if I didn't have a perfect literal understanding of every scene.  I would compare this to an abstract painting that evokes an emotion from you even if you're not quite certain why.  I found the book to be thought provoking and enjoyable but if you're looking for a straightforward action tale in a sci fi setting you are unlikely to happy with this tale.
0790729350|4.0|A great film, and would be a five star review based on content, but this is the same exact DVD released at the start of the DVD era, and there's no excuse for that. This would be one of the few films I'd actually watch the entire special features dvd, and with 296 hours of unused footage, there's bound to be some great deleted material in there, not to mention the chance to do \\"where are they now\\" interviews with not only the performers and event planners, but they might also be able to track down some of the audience members who gave interviews. It would be interesting to see how responsibility and parenthood affected their outlooks on life, and how many were able to retain the youthful optimism that made the event one of a kind.
B000EZ7ZZE|4.0|Same movie, definite upgrade on visuals and sound.  You have to have the 1080P TV and Dolby Digital capability, otherwise just buy the DVD.
B000001EKX|5.0|Recorded in 1974 and realesed in 1974 Kiss\\"s second album, \\"Hotter Than Hell\\", is a great hard rock album. Compared too the first album this album isnt as good but still deserves five stars. Relaesed October of 1974 it mannaged too sell 125,000 copies a nice leap from sales of there first album(75,000 Copies). But still they hadnt fullfilled there dream too be the biggest band in America it would take them another year too do that.<br /><br />All in all this is a good album and if you like KISS you should buy this album today.<br />1. Got Too Choose 5/5 stars<br />2. Parasite 4.5/5 stars<br />3. Goin Blind 4/5 stars<br />4. Hotter Than Hell 5/5 stars<br />5. Let Me Go Rock N Roll 5/5 stars<br />6. All The Way 5/5 stars<br />7. Watchin You 5/5 stars<br />8. Mainline 5/5 stars<br />9. Comin Home 5/5 stars<br />10. Strange Ways 4.6/5 stars
B000002U82|5.0|I have always loved this album... I was sitting in a coffee shop with one headphone in and one out. And the part on 'the dark side of the moon' when the luner laughs, LOL, I actually turned around to see if someone had laughed behind me... It was hilarious, I giggle about that every time I hear that song...
B0014I4KIK|5.0|This is the most enjoyable CD I've listened to in a very long time.  I can't wait for more from Duffy.
B0015I2P0Y|4.0|Guy Garvey and his compatriots that comprise the arty and eclectic Indie group - Elbow - have delivered yet another solid album, worthy of many listen throughs from start to finish in their fourth outing - \\"The Seldom Seen Kid.\\"  Similar to Elbow's previous efforts, \\"The Seldom Seen Kind\\" is full of mood, atmosphere and an undeniable tension while every bit is lovingly draped over with fine and listenable melody.  In many ways this may be Elbow's darkest effort to date, yet surprisingly accessible with lovingly crafted hooks/tunes coupled with top notch musicianship and quality studio production.<br /><br />While the album in its entirety is consistently good the crown jewel is, 'The Loneliness Of A Tower Crane Driver,' a tour-de-force of soarining orchestration that encapsulates everything good about Elbow.  Give this one a try, especially if you're a first time listener to this group.  There's much to like and the album is full of surprises and artful ear-candy.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|This has got to be the most under rated show on t.v.! This has got to be the best season yet (not to take anything away from the first two dynamite seasons)! The stories are getting much more intense, the acting is more dramatic especially with Bobby in more episodes to watch Dean (poor guy) and Sams' backs....I don't know. This season seems to be packed with more suspense and atmosphere than ever thanks to more concentrated scripts (if you notice, not only is sci-fi guru Robert Singer more involved but former X-Files alumnus have been involved since the beginning. Even Mark Snow!),stronger acting and alot more rock songs from the old days (which I'm surprised Dean is really into [and Jensen Ackles seems to be the type that would select these songs] even that \\"cherry\\" '67 Impala! Sit back and really enjoy this one... I'm gonna!
B000RG1FMO|2.0|When Kanye West first started out, I thought he had a lot of potential to be a decent and credible artist. He was new and fresh, plus I thought he had quite a few catchy songs. Nevertheless, I don't feel that way anymore. Kanye West just seems like an a s s hole, plain and simple. He's extremely arrogant and think's he's the best rapper who's ever gotten signed. Bottom line, is that he let the fame and money get to his already enormous head. In my opinion, the singles he's put out on \\"Graduation\\" aren't very unique or different from anything else that's out there right now. Granted, I have not purchased the album nor have I ever attempted to listen to it. But why would I? If the best songs that are on the album are the ones that are playing on the radio right now, then I'm not going to waste my time or money to hear the rest of it.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|Okay, let me start by saying I am a HUGE Judas Priest fan and being so I have been waiting for this thing for years. To be honest, it's exactly all I thought it would be. With that being said, this is going to be the second most controversial album they release, after Turbo of course. If you weren't paying attention, they said from the get-go that this was going to be epic and have lots of orchestration, so you should know that this is how it was going to be.<br /><br />With this album, they have catapulted themselves as ingenious songwriters. This was not an easy task by any means. THIS IS NOT PAINKILLER! GET OVER IT!!!! However, it is still heavy metal and damn good heavy metal. Yeah, it is long, epic, symphonic and is a concept piece. What else were you people expecting this to be? All three principle songwriters, especially Halford have been known to be experimental and not do the same damn thing all the time. If they did that, all of their back catalog would blend together.<br /><br />What I'm trying to say is give this thing a listen with an open mind. There is some extraordinary musicianship on here and Halford's voice has never been better, although he's always been the best. Yes, I agree it might be a little bit weird for Priest to do an album like this and maybe it seems a little more like an Iron Maiden thing to do, but they succeeded. This monster of an album is very progressive and symphonic but done correctly. My only complaints are that maybe it's a little too doom metal (something I wasn't expecting). I was surprised how doomy this thing was and I love doom metal, but I do think they should've mixed it up a bit more. As for you people complaining it's not heavy enough. Two things. 1. Priest have always had at least one light song on each album if you remember correctly, so this shouldn't be a surprise. Second, there are only two light songs on here. There are the orchestral passages too but those are pretty much just a part of the longer, heavy song.<br /><br />In conclusion, I will say this. Not everyone is going to love this. If you just like really, REALLY heavy Priest, you aren't going to like this. However, if you like different types of metal and if you especially like progressive/symphonic and doom metal you'll LOVE IT!!!on, I will say this. Not everyone is going to love this. If you just like really, REALLY heavy Priest, you aren't going to like this. However, if you like different types of metal and if you especially like progressive/symphonic and doom metal you'll LOVE IT!!!
0312360266|2.0|I am a middle school teacher and many of my students have gotten engrossed in the Twilight series by Meyers.  I purchased this book to see if it would be appropriate for my students and something they would find as interesting.  I only read 2 chapters before I put the book down.  The language left no room for me to share this with my students.  Obviously, the author did not write this series for young readers, however, this mature reader didn't find the book interesting enough to suffer through the foul language to continue reading.
044100590X|2.0|If you have never read this book, here it is...    Dune... Arabs in space, some of whom are on drugs.    Humanity devolves back into tribalism/feudalism, with attendant problems of religion and war. Dark, cult-ish, historical hodgepodge, all in sci-fi drag.    Sorry, but throwing in some spaceships and anti-grav gadgets doesn't qualify Dune as a science fiction story. This story is simply a relic of the hippie-dippy culture... toss out rationality and other elements of modern civilization, and substitute supposed mind-expanding drugs, Eastern mysticism, and revolution.    If that sounds like something you would enjoy (perhaps if you're an old hippie, or a \\"turn on, drop out\\" type) go for it.    The movie was beautifully done, however. Even Frank liked it. Only problem with it was the story.
B001AGXEA6|4.0|Beetlejuice is a very Tim Burtonesque Tim Burton movie, establishing his fascination with the macabre and, especially in this case, the funny, campy side of death and horror.  It's the story of a newly dead couple (Geena Davis and Alec Baldwin) who are essentially stuck as ghosts in their house, and don't like its new owners (parents Jeffrey Jones and Catherine O'Hara and daughter Winona Ryder).  They enlist the help of a more experienced, half-crazy but very insistent ghost, Beetlejuice (Michael Keaton), in an effort to scare the new owners away by haunting them.  Beetlejuice turns out to have his own agenda, and alliances shift as the story winds through learning to be dead, afterlife bureaucracy, wild chases through small spaces, Calypso dancing at dinner to Harry Belafonte's \\"Banana Boat Song\\" (\\"Day-O\\"), a very goth wedding ceremony, and supernatural comeuppance.<br /><br />The cast, for the most part, is perfectly suited to the wacky material, the sets and make-up and other effects very imaginative, the story engaging.  Great fun.<br /><br />The extras announced are very limited: three episodes of the Saturday morning Beetlejuice cartoon series (\\"Skeletons in the Closet,\\" \\"Spooky Boo-tique,\\" \\"A-Ha!\\"), a music-only track, the trailer and, according to the press release but not the Warners Brothers web page for this DVD, an exclusive CD soundtrack sampler.  The cartoons are about 11 minutes each.  Possibly more features will be announced later, but that would be unusual and I wouldn't count on it.  Five-star movie, three-star extras.<br /><br />The new Blu-ray will be 1080p video, but the complete specs for the sound haven't been announced.  There will be sound and subtitles in several languages, including Spanish.  The old standard DVD isn't all that great in terms of video quality, so the best thing about this new release is likely to be improved image and sound.
B000007XUQ|5.0|Nobody! I mean Nobody can make Christmas music like the Carpenters. In this package you get both Christmas albums. \\"Christmas Portrait\\" released back in 1978,contains the songs Merry Christmas Darling,Christmas Waltz,Ave Maria,Sleigh Ride,I'll Be Home For Christmas,and many more. In my opinion, that is the best Christmas album ever made! On Disc 2, you get \\"An Old Fashioned Christmas\\" released back in 1984, most of the songs were leftovers from the \\"Christmas Portrait\\" recording sessions. On this album you get Little Altar Boy,Do You Hear What I Hear?,Santa Clause Is Coming To Town,An Old Fashioned Christmas and many more. This album is well worth the purchase, your not just get one but two of the greatest Christmas albums of all time and by one of the greatest groups ever! Karen Carpenter had a one in a billion voice and Richard Carpenter's arrangments are flawless. Make sure you get your copy today!
B001AGXEAG|4.0|Beetlejuice is a very Tim Burtonesque Tim Burton movie, establishing his fascination with the macabre and, especially in this case, the funny, campy side of death and horror.  It's the story of a newly dead couple (Geena Davis and Alec Baldwin) who are essentially stuck as ghosts in their house, and don't like its new owners (parents Jeffrey Jones and Catherine O'Hara and daughter Winona Ryder).  They enlist the help of a more experienced, half-crazy but very insistent ghost, Beetlejuice (Michael Keaton), in an effort to scare the new owners away by haunting them.  Beetlejuice turns out to have his own agenda, and alliances shift as the story winds through learning to be dead, afterlife bureaucracy, wild chases through small spaces, Calypso dancing at dinner to Harry Belafonte's \\"Banana Boat Song\\" (\\"Day-O\\"), a very goth wedding ceremony, and supernatural comeuppance.<br /><br />The cast, for the most part, is perfectly suited to the wacky material, the sets and make-up and other effects very imaginative, the story engaging.  Great fun.<br /><br />This new release is being marketed as the 20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition.  It will be newly remastered, but the extras announced so far are very limited: three episodes of the Saturday morning Beetlejuice cartoon series (\\"Skeletons in the Closet,\\" \\"Spooky Boo-tique,\\" \\"A-Ha!\\"), a music-only track, and the trailer.  The cartoons are about 11 minutes each.  Possibly more features will be announced later, but usually that doesn't happen.  I've subtracted one star for the poor features in a \\"deluxe\\" anniversary edition; if they announce more features I may up my rating.  The best thing is likely to be the remastering, which is needed, since the older DVD wasn't all the great.  Looking forward to that.
B000KGGLCU|2.0|I've been a Madonna a fan since 1982 and eveything she has done since the year 2000, has not been so great. I purchased this album because of the concert and live cd with it. I was not impressed with the show at all. I believe it's her 2nd to worst tour so far(her worst being Drowned World Tour) but some parts in the show were good.    DVD Tracklisting:   01- Future Lovers / I Feel Love   -She should of started the show with a bang, boring!!  02- Get Together   -Again, not a great song from Confessions.  03- Like a Virgin   -Now this was a good way she arranged this track. She finally decided to sing this song. Thumbs up!  04- Jump   Another good track she arranged well, with good chereography.  05- Confessions   I'll pass!!  06- Live To Tell   Now she went too far on this one!! This is what made me turn off the show when I first watched it!  07- Forbidden Love   Pass---  08- Isaac   Pass---  09- Sorry   Now she performed this song really well!  10- Like it or Not   Don't like it!  11- Sorry (Remix)   I'll pass...  12- I Love New York   Nope, she should left this one out of the setlist and replaced it with an oldie!  13- Ray of Light   She sang this one very well!!  14- Let it Will Be   Pass--another that could of been left off.  15- Drowned World / Substitute For Love   She should of just sang it slower!!  16- Paradise (Not For Me)   She should of sang \\"Don't Tell Me\\" instead of this song.  17- Music Inferno   Now, this is the part of the show where it begins to start up! I enjoyed this part of the show!!   18- Erotica   I liked how she used the faster version of the song!  19- La Isla Bonita  Another great song and I loved how she turned it into a techno version.   20- Lucky Star   Here's one we haven't heard since 1990. Classic Madonna!  21- Hung Up   Just ok! Looks like she didn't put enough energy into the song. She usually leaves the building with a bang (exp. Girlie Show \\"Everybody\\" & Drowned World \\"Music\\").   Plus Bonus Behind-The-Scenes Footage and Photo Gallery     CD Tracklisting:   01- Future Lovers / I Feel Love   02- Like a Virgin   03- Jump   04- Confessions   05- Isaac   06- Sorry   07- Sorry (Remix)   08- I Love New York   09- Let It Will Be   10- Music Inferno   11- Erotica   12- Lucky Star   13- Hung Up     The CD was just ok, mostly the same stuff as the concert. Hopefully Madonna has a better setlist for her Hard Candy Tour. She needs to add more old stuff, songs we haven't heard in a long time. I would love to hear her sing songs from the 1986-1989 era. That was my favorite Madonna era!
B0013FXWX8|5.0|My ten year old is currently working on his senior red belt in karate, so when we started seeing trailers for KUNG FU PANDA I knew it wouldn't be long before we'd have to see it.  Sure enough, opening weekend arrived and we took our seats.<br /><br />I'm a big fan of kids' cartoon movies, really looking forward to WALL-E, but I wasn't too sure of this one.  Jack Black can be hit or miss with me, and I really wasn't aware that Dustin Hoffman, Lucy Liu, Jackie Chan, and Angeline Jolie were involved with the movie until the end credits rolled.  The voices sounded familiar, but that's not unusual given the quality of voice work these days.<br /><br />The opening montage of the movie made me sit up and take notice at once, though.  That artwork alone was worth the price of admission to me, and if they'd produced the movie in that format it would have been interesting to see what kind of reaction reviewers would give the finished product.<br /><br />The movie quickly settles into predictability, though, but it's a pleasant trip and I was satisfied.  My son was ecstatic as he watched the events unfold.  He wasn't surprised at the plot's twists and turns either, but the bright color, rapid pacing, and quick action is mesmerizing for the adult mind as well.<br /><br />Po, the Kung Fu panda of the title, works in his father's noodle kitchen.  His father is a goose and the explanation for that is never given, though it is a distraction during a more serious moment when Po's father reveals an important secret to him.  Black provides a great vocal characterization of Po and I found myself rooting for him even though I knew he didn't really have anything to worry about.<br /><br />The villain sequences were actually chilling.  Seeing Tai Lung (Ian McShane) held in prison was impressive when you realized what he had to escape from in order to become the all-encompassing threat deal would have to deal with.  The darkness and threat of those scenes might cause some concern for younger children, but I loved the cinematography and the amazing choreography of Tai Lung's escape.<br /><br />The unwillingness of the Furious Five to embrace Po as a student is as predictable as his eventual winning them over.  But the pacing makes that easy to absorb and enjoy.  The relationship between Shifu (Hoffman) and Oogway is warm and moving, and the scene where the great turtle ascends to the Celestial Heavens is powerful.<br /><br />After everyone learns that Tai Lung has escaped and is once more menacing the countryside, the Furious Five launch into interception mode and go after him.  Again, the fight sequences are huge and enjoyable, truly knockout efforts.  But it's no surprise that they're defeated.<br /><br />Shifu takes Po off for lesson and the sequence where Po becomes the Dragon Warrior is a lot of fun.  Still, after Po is trained and ends up getting the Dragon Scroll (which is gotten with Oogway's staff in a marvelous little puzzle piece), everything still looks like they're going to lose anyway.<br /><br />While helping the villagers abandon town, Po speaks to his father and gains an incredible insight that causes him to stand his ground against Tai Lung.  I have to admit that the thinking behind this reveal wasn't all that deep, but it was effective.  And it proved to be the catalyst the brings about the battle between Po and Tai Lung.  That fight is a great one, and even though I knew Po would win, I still found myself sitting on the edge of my seat.  My son was doing the same thing.<br /><br />KUNG FU PANDA doesn't break any new ground when it comes to children's animated entertainment, but it sure serves up a feast that hits the spot.  This is one you'll enjoy on a lazy Sunday afternoon with the kids, then again when it comes out on DVD.phy and the amazing choreography of Tai Lung's escape.    The unwillingness of the Furious Five to embrace Po as a student is as predictable as his eventual winning them over.  But the pacing makes that easy to absorb and enjoy.  The relationship between Shifu (Hoffman) and Oogway is warm and moving, and the scene where the great turtle ascends to the Celestial Heavens is powerful.    After everyone learns that Tai Lung has escaped and is once more menacing the countryside, the Furious Five launch into interception mode and go after him.  Again, the fight sequences are huge and enjoyable, truly knockout efforts.  But it's no surprise that they're defeated.    Shifu takes Po off for lesson and the sequence where Po becomes the Dragon Warrior is a lot of fun.  Still, after Po is trained and ends up getting the Dragon Scroll (which is gotten with Oogway's staff in a marvelous little puzzle piece), everything still looks like they're going to lose anyway.    While helping the villagers abandon town, Po speaks to his father and gains an incredible insight that causes him to stand his ground against Tai Lung.  I have to admit that the thinking behind this reveal wasn't all that deep, but it was effective.  And it proved to be the catalyst the brings about the battle between Po and Tai Lung.  That fight is a great one, and even though I knew Po would win, I still found myself sitting on the edge of my seat.  My son was doing the same thing.    KUNG FU PANDA doesn't break any new ground when it comes to children's animated entertainment, but it sure serves up a feast that hits the spot.  This is one you'll enjoy on a lazy Sunday afternoon with the kids, then again when it comes out on DVD.
B0015I2P0Y|4.0|I tend to gravitate towards the more rock-based groups, but this album has really grown on me. Great melodies, and an overall unique sound have earned this CD a spot in the rotation on my current Zune playlist. I'm at a loss as to what to compare Elbow to, as I don't currently have anything like this in my library but I highly recommend you listen to the sample tracks here on Amazon to get a feel for the music.
B00139XZF4|3.0|I read the book just before seeing this film after having heard great things about it (the book). Consequently, with it fresh in my mind, I was able to see the many plot differences in the film. Quite frankly, I'm surprised that anyone could work out what was going on in the film. Many of the concepts of the book simply did not translate or come out in the film at all. Instead, the film was a simple, if a bit odd, fantasy romp with excellent CGI. The darkness, depth and plot of the book was completely lost. As eye candy and as children's fantasy, it was just passable.
B0018AK9RK|2.0|When I think of Judas Priest I think of such classic releases as \\"Hell Bent For Leather\\", \\"Screaming For Vengeance\\", \\"British Steel\\", and their last truly great album, \\"Defenders of the Faith\\".  Every time a new Judas Priest CD is announced I reminded of those albums and hope that once again that greatness will be rekindled, only to be disappointed many times over the years.    \\"Nostradamus\\" is yet another mediocre metal album by a band that is capable of much more.  Musically this album is nothing new.  There are some really good metal moments and there are some more mellow moments.  My problem with Judas Priest over the last two decades is the songwriting.  This is a band that has a habit of having a song start half way decent than to kill it with a childish chorus.  \\"Turbo Lover\\" was such a song.      The double CD set has an interesting pattern.  Many of the songs begin with a  short instrumental and then go into a regular song.  The problem is that the most songs start of well enough only to be ruined by an awful chorus.  The song \\"Prophecy\\" begins as one of the best songs the Priest has released in years, and then as stated, the chorus just kills it.  Another example of this is the title track.  I would say the standout track on this CD is \\"Visions\\". That one is a good, solid song.     As far as production goes this is probably the best sounding Judas Priest release ever.  Again, the musicianship is nothing to gripe about.  The problem here is the songwriting.  For the most part this album is forgettable.  I am sure when the band plays tracks off of this one on the summer tour most of the fans will be yearning for the classics.      On a related note, if you are a Priest fan you might want to go with deluxe edition of this release.  The packaging is nicer than some of the bands tour programs (The 1986 Fuel For Life program was merely a leaflet).  The booklet for this one is a keeper.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Is it just me or does the last song \\"Rise and Fall\\" sound similar to \\"Green Day's American Idiot\\" and also \\"Fix Me\\" and \\"Kristy, Are You Doing Ok?\\" to \\"Wake Me When September Ends\\"? Can you say Green Day rip off? if u're looking for some experimentation from the band like I was hoping for there isn't much except a bit on \\"Stuff Is Messed Up\\" which to me is the worst song on the album. Other than \\"Rise and Fall\\" which is impossible to enjoy cause it's American Idiot. It's kinda obnixious. Noodles has some really amazing guitar work on this one though. I must say Noodles riffs and solos are amazing on this album.    The 1st half of album is great and then the 2nd half is lame offspring broken up by 3 Green Day American Idiot rip offs.   The Good half:    1. HALF-TURISM - Wow  2. TRUST IN YOU - Great  3. YOU'RE GUNNA GO FAR KID - Awesome  4. HAMMERHEAD - Great  5. A LOT LIKE ME - Wicked Awesome  6. TAKES ME NOWHERE - Classic Offspring    At Kristy it goes way down hill so they recorded half a good album
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|You probably won't like the movie....all of the best part of the book are left out of the story completely and the remnants are so misconstrued they might as well have just made the movie without bothering to tie it to the novel....so if you were expecting the amazingness of the novel to be realized on the big screen don't hold your breath....or waste your money....
B00003CXBK|5.0|As a huge fan of Miyazaki's work, this was far from disappointing but truly worthy of praise. It excites the mind and the imagination with the story and captures a truly fascinating world unlike any other I've ever encountered in fantasy. It is beautifully animated even if in only 2-D, it is fluid and fanciful all the way through. However, concerning Miyazaki's other pieces, this one is more graffic and includes some more vicious demon work than other so-called demons in other pieces. Creatures and people are slaughtered or wounded and although blood doesn't gush, some might squirm. I felt a tad of revulsion, but not at the story itself. It thrills. It inspires. It's worth watching again and worth every penny. The dubbing is well done and I love it all.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Very realistic account of soldiers during battle; each character is 3-dimensional and not just described as a warrior. Worth spending a weekend watching the episodes consecutively.
B000YABYLA|5.0|I laughed throughout the movie!!  And at times there were some heart felt moments that really made you a part of the character.  Juno is a film a lot of people can relate to which makes it great!!
B00140PK6O|5.0|If you are a fan of Judi Dench you will love Cranbrook.  The actors, the beautiful scenery and the excellent story will make for a memorable evening in front of the movie scree.  Enjoy!
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|Three stars?????????????? Sorry but the cover says it all! Hard yet oh so sweet. Wake up America!! After her multi award winning, 10 million selling, record breaking pop opus that was \\"Confessions On A Dancfloor\\", the Queen of pop goes urban. Out goes high camp electro gloss for a much harder, deeper dance experience. She could easily have given us another electro album to compliment the massivley successful Confessions but this is after all Madonna and she never likes to cover things twice....dont get me wrong there is a massive element of dance running through this album but not in the Euro-electro way that Confessions was presented. If Confessions was her return to the dancefloor then this is the return to her underground R&B roots that eventually made her the most famous and successful female singer on the planet, produced largely by IT men Timbaland and Justin Timberlake, Candy is in the wake of Confessions a triumph. It could easily have turned into a disaster....Madonna does R&B??? but what she and her team have actually accomplished is pretty much what she did with American Life, marry genres together to produce something altogether, different, fun and exciting! Albums by Britney, Nelly Furtado and Rihanna tread the majority down the R&B path but Madonna has thrown in her usual trademark themes \\"Spanish Lesson\\" has the trademark Hispanic Madonna guitars whilst \\"Dance Tonight\\" includes electro synths so achingly cool they could have just popped up from her debut album Madonna, the only gripe is that \\"Shes Not Me\\" wasnt divided up into a part 1 and 2 favoured by the likes of Janet Jackson and Mariah...you see the end of this song trancends from old school 80's pop into full on 00's dance not that dissimilar to the stuff on Confessions and would have made a great part 2 dance-athon. Coupled with tracks produced by Danja and Pharrell Williams \\"Candy\\" may yet turn out to be the most successful long player she has given us for a long time, especially stateside where her chart power has waned somewhat this last few years. And that is who this album is aimed squarely at, i doubt it will do as well as Confessions did in Europe or indeed other territories, but having said America is the biggest music market and if she can recapture her throne there, im sure the rest of the world will follow. The only thing left to say is that i cannot wait for the accompanying tour
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|This is definitely a well thrown out there album composed of great lyrics and a very powerful voice from katy. I honestly don't know why people criticize so much and give this album bad ratings only because it ain't revolutionary, well not everything that comes out there is..it is just as good as others were, and there isn't nothing wrong with it...there are some crappy singers out there who don't even know the meaning of singing and yet they get good rave ratings...how dies that work huh..? anyhow..tha album came along pretty well, this girl knew how to pull it off pretty well, with some amazing tracks in here that address themes of love no one had ever addressed in particular ways...    One of the boys: 7/10 Not that of a great song, just okay...it shows katy being a tough girl who is parallel to being a boy, sort of a tomboy yet even though she is this way she wants to show she still likes to be a girl, and that there ain;t anything wrong with being a strong woman. the message it has its pretty well delivered i guess, though a different beat would have saved the song a bit..    I Kissed a girl: 10/10 great song..she definitely wonders about bisexuality in here, true being bi on these days is not well seen, something I consider immoral myself but even though it deals with this, the song that is, it is extremely infectious, very out there and edgy, which is what makes it cool, after all is just a song, and I love the way she depicted the song in the video, she kept it very low profile and very respectful to the audience. Smart move.    Waking up in vegas: 10000000000000000000/10 one of my favorites..deff a great song, nothing groundbreaking but the usual and known cliche of vegas...but the beats and the way she puts it with her vocals and her lyrics is very effetive, besides I sense the song to have a \\"reading between the lines\\" kinda thing going on, of not giving up on things we already decided to do but to carry on with them.    Thinking of you: 10/10 I dont knowif its a single or not but there is a video for it...anyways, the song is a very nice rock oriented ballad kind of thing, is terribly catchy and has amazing vocals from katy.    Mannequin: 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10...infinite/10 haha...probably one of the best songs she has in here, and should deff be a single...it is very radio friendly ad has this really catchy chorus and besides it has these hidden connotations and suggestions I would say that make it funny to listen to...for example when she sings: \\"I wish i could turn you on\\" to what she immediately adds \\"with a battery\\" haha, just way too amusing, of how you get the notion she's unto something but turns out to be the corniest thing you could come up with. Deff a very effective and cool song, besides it denotes us men as mannequins, wooden made, kinda like the pinoccio thing going on, on how we sometimes we don't give a darn for the girl we have no matter waht they do for us we just don't consider them good enough...kinda a bit of a slap in the face I gues...no? well, haha that's y perception of it, check it out yourself, maybe you get something diff out of it :)    Ur so gay: 10/10 fun, amusing but not that idk...cool sometimes, the riff is pretty good, so are the lyrics but sometimes the beats get too monotonous, her voice is what saves the song.    Hot n' cold: 1000000000/10 demands to be a single as well, she just delivers the message of the song sooo well, and describes ups and downs in a relationship as well as to the point of contrasting it with bipolar disorder o.0 hahaha    If you can afford me: 10/10 getting a bit over her head here huh..haha it is a tremendously well put otgether song & her vocals are just so good in here she shows her vocal range, showing the way of singing to a normal range and sometimes switching to higher notes. typical pop rock song course    Lost: 9/10....just any other ballad, nothing special besides her vocals which are amazing in here as well, very rough and powerful at the same time.     Self inflicted: 10/10 very poppy i would say, well thrown out there too, very emotional but she pulls off to make it as positive as she can, her vocals...geez no comments, she just knows how to sing, undeniable.     I'm still breathing: 8/10 least I hear in the album, her vocals are great though, but the song is just too generic, too plain.    Fingerprints: 10/10 fun song to listen to and to close the album as well, she sounds very garbage like, the band of course haha, and kind of avril like at the same time...though their vocals cannot certainly compare, my apologies to katy perry who actually sings and doesn't whine just like avril does..    overall a very cool well put toegther album, worth eevry single penny of your money, definitely a  must have, even though many claim it'll get old later, whoh cares the album is very uptempo and it'll have you amused for a while, a long one I should say cause I've been listening to it for the past days and not even bored  yet....not even a bit.    Carlos
B000FIMG68|5.0|Anyone who is not a fan of \\"LOST\\" is missing quality entertainment - to me it is watching an Academy Award winning hour each week with equally consistent award winning performances by the entire ensemble cast.  I now have the first three seasons on DVD and look forward to purchasing the 4th season when released in December.  There are a lot of bloggers out there who pull each episode apart; but I just enjoy this fantastic series and relish watching again on my dvds.  If you have the inclination, watch the first season - it is and always will be unforgettable to me - the introduction to the best drama on the small screen I have ever seen.  Enjoy getting lost in \\"Lost\\".  Mary Hanley in Connecticut
B0017HRCQU|5.0|This is such a maseter piece and can't wait til the dark kinght comes out.
0061537934|5.0|What a heartwarming story. I read it in a weekend and passed it along to my friend who had just lost her dog.  She said she cried at first, but then it made her feel much better.  This book has a way of doing that.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay is creating some of the best music around, and this album enhances their form.  I found every song here to be solid, no filler, and this album is full of hits... the orchestral viva la vida is energetic and fits in with the melodic and somewhat melancholic range of tunes on the album.  If you like the previous Coldplay albums this one should satisfy you.  Not much more needs to be said!
0679809015|5.0|We own shelves and shelves full of cardboard books, of all shapes and sizes but this book for whatever reason is my sons favorite book.  He is 14 months old right now, and he will pick this out of all the other books and carry it all around the house with him opening up the little flaps and laughing.  He will give it to me to read to him, and it actually keeps his attention!
B000MRAAJM|1.0|Very disappointed that the blu-ray discs contain none of the special features/behind the scenes footage that all my friends have said is the best part!  I paid extra for HD, and now I am going to have to go out and rent the series to watch the extra footage.  Blu-ray should include more features, not less!!  I absolutely LOVE this series, but for the above, I do not recommend buying in high def..
B00005JPNZ|3.0|You know how when you think back to friends you knew in High School, in your mind they're still 18 years old and haven't aged? Then you see them at a reunion and they're fat and balding and not the same person you once knew. Unfortunately, that's how I feel about the new Indiana Jones movie. I loved the original trilogy - brilliant. Harrison Ford and all the charactors were perfect. Now 20 years have passed. And not for the better. I'd rather have kept my memories. Ford is still good, but he's not the nimble athletic hero of the past - which is not a shock. The plot and story line seem formula driven to the point that I could almost predict the next scene and the one after that and the one after that. There were few suprises or original moments. If one could watch the movie without comparing it to it's predecesors and judge it solely on it's own merit, I'd probably give it four stars, but when it has such a tremendous lineage to live up to - it suffers by comparison and seems only ordinary. Simon Cowell sometimes refers to performances as \\"Kareoke\\" because they mimic the original without being as good. That's how I have to classify \\"the kingdom of the crystal skull\\". To me, it's a Kareoke of \\"temple of doom\\". Very sorry to have to criticize it this way, but I believe I'm being honest.
0060005424|5.0|This book lirael is one of th deepest and moving books I have ever read. (and trust me I've read a lot of books) lirel and mogget, two very likeable characters blend into plots twists and always keeps the reader on their toes. A crackling good read.
B000VL9XE2|5.0|The polarity inspired by this release is interesting. I'm inclined to not begrudge the complainers their opinions. It's fine if you don't like the album, but to suggest one knows whether or not this is or isn't DEP without actually being in the band is plain silly. These folks would have you believe that the \\"real Dillinger\\" was \\"Calculating Infinity,\\" that Dimitri \\"was\\" DEP and that everything released since his departure isn't the real thing, that the technical genius of \\"Under the Running Board\\" was completely revolutionary but then sacrificed for a sell-out. I couldn't disagree more. Early DEP is pretty amazing and complicated, but it seemed like an extension of what Coalesce started, only taken to a much more intense, technical level. Interesting, jaw-dropping at times, but not revolutionary in the strict sense. But something funny happened when Dimitri left the band and Mike Patton took over for an EP. The band did what some of its fans haven't: it matured. And continues to mature.<br /><br />Understandably some fans of the early releases won't want to come along for the ride. That's fine. But they don't get to decide what \\"the real DEP\\" is. \\"Ire Works\\" is a swirling, immense, beautiful, terrifying piece of work. Alternately haunting and brutal. DEP's early releases were technically masterful and incredibly complex and they could, like Slayer, have continued to make the same album over and over with minor tweaks and improvements. Instead, they pushed their own boundaries to make increasingly challenging music at the risk of alienating their original fans. Ire Works is just the natural progression of their maturation. The band has learned to control its fury and have become more impressive in knowing when to release it and it what amount. Pure uncontrolled aggression is interesting, but it's not nearly so powerful as when it's turned on arbitrarily against a backdrop of sweetness.<br /><br />Ire Works plays in a number of musical styles and is richly textured.It starts out in furious form with \\"Fix Your Face\\" and ends with the beautiful, epic \\"Mouth of Ghosts,\\" making stops at pop, math, funk and thrash in between. The last song may be the most difficult for the old guard to get their heads around, but it is lush, layered and hostile all at the same time and prone to staying in one's head long after it's over.<br /><br />This may not be the album for everyone, but it is a challenging, brilliant and deeply satisfying work for those of us who've enjoyed DEP's progression from their early days.
B0018OAPAW|5.0|After almost five long years, The Offspring finally released a new CD.  I bought it right away, and I've given it three or four listens through, and now I've got a review ready.  On the whole, it's a good CD, but it's not nearly as solid as five years worth of preparation should merit, especially for a band that has released some of the most impressive CD's of the past fifteen years.    1. Half-Truism 10/10:  Finally, for the first time since \\"Ignition,\\" an actual song to start the album... and what a song!  I didn't really appreciate it until after a few listens, but it is The Offspring doing what they do better than any other band: the power punk ballad.  They try it a few more times on this album, but this is the only song where it really works.  My only complaint would be that it's a much better closer than an opener.  In fact, the album would be better off called \\"Half-Truism\\" with this as the last track.    2. Trust in You 8/10: They borrow a bit from \\"Smash\\" (the song) on this one, but that's welcome considering how much the other songs really experiment.  This is a good one, but I don't really hear a single.    3. You're Gonna Go Far, Kid 10+/10: This is the catchiest song on the album.  I actually found myself dancing to it the second time through.  It's sure to be a radio single diminished slightly by some bleeping.  It just flows so perfectly, and there's a subtle soldier mentality to the lyrics, but not nearly as much as...    4. Hammerhead 9/10: The first single, and the heaviest song on the album.  By all rights, this really shouldn't be a single.  It's a great song, but the insanely catchy first half and the WTF? second half don't really make for a good radio single.  The first half, by itself, might be the best song on the album, but then Dexter starts quoting Bible verses and, I'm assuming, comparing being a soldier to being a school shooter, which is good for creating controversy, but has absolutely no basis.  Very few school shooters think of themselves as soldiers.    5. A Lot Like Me 8/10: I really like music for this song, very original, but the lyrics are kind of dumb.  They've grown on me a bit since the first listen.  I'd call this an almost there attempt at another \\"Amazed.\\"    6. Takes Me Nowhere 6/10: This is really just a punked-up Linkin Park song.  The lyrics have the same vague self-deprecation.    7. Kristy, Are You Doing Okay? 7/10: A lot of reviewers have bashed this song.  No, it doesn't rock, but the lyrics are pretty good.  It's about a boy who knows a female friend of his has been raped, in case you couldn't figure it out.  Specifically, it might just be about Kristine Luna, but maybe that's just a coincidence.    8. Nothingtown 7/10: This one gets better each time I hear it, but it's still nothing spectacular.  It kind of reminds me of \\"One Fine Day.\\"    9. Stuff Is Messed Up 9/10: This is definitely the most provocative song on the album, probably the best lyrics.  It also helps to support my theory that Dexter Holland is really \\"Weird Al\\" Yankovic in an elaborate disguise.    10. Fix You 2/10: What the hell is this?  The short answer is: the worst song by The Offspring ever, worse than \\"When You're in Prison.\\"  Yeah, it's that bad.  They're also blatantly ripping off Green Day's \\"Wake Me Up When September Ends,\\" which wasn't even that good of a song to begin with.    11. Let's Hear It for Rock Bottom 6/10: Let's not and say we did.  It's not a bad song, but it's rather forgettable.  Like \\"Takes Me Nowhere,\\" it's more vague self-deprecation.    12. Rise and Fall 9/10: It's not spectacular, but it's catchy and solid.  This would've been a good opener for the album.  One point was deducted for ripping off the riff to \\"American Idiot.\\"  Despite being a band for longer, despite being an all-around better band, The Offspring seem to be determined to stay in Green Day's shadow.    Overall, this could end up being the best rock album of the year, but there was lots of room for improvement.  Yes, Bob Rock was a poor choice of producers.  He ruined \\"St. Anger,\\" and he overproduced this one.  The guitar was not mixed loud enough, but that's still better than the production on Bad Religion's last album where the vocals were absolutely drowned out.  Anyway, it's a good album, and you might as well buy it since you probably won't get another one until 2013.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|I've been a long time Offspring fan; since ignition and smash. I guess that makes me biased because I've always loved their sound and \\"message\\". My favorite cds of theirs would probably have to be \\"Xnay On The Hombre\\" and of coarse \\"Smash\\".    I've never been disappointed with their cds. Sure, this album could have been better but it is a very solid and great release from The Offspring.    1. Half-Truism 3/5  This song starts up with a nice Muse sounding intro with a solid verse and leads to a decent chorus. It is a solid Offspring song but not my favorite on the album.    2. Trust in You 4/5  This track seems to have influences from their earlier songs. Catchy chorus with a fast-paced guitar riff and verse. One of my favorite tracks on the Album.    3. You're Gonna Go Far, Kid 5/5  Great catchy song. Definitely one of their more mainstream songs but still classic Offspring. I'd compare this to original prankster status. I love the verse and subject matter.    4. Hammerhead 3.5/5  I was slightly disappointed when I heard this for the first time on the radio but it has since grown on me. One of their political songs. Chorus is solid.    5. A lot Like Me 4/5  Interesting song, more of a ballad than the others. Very nice song. One of my favorites on the Album. I could see this being a single down the road.    6. Takes Me Nowhere 3.5/5  Solid track that takes you back to their earlier releases.     7. Kristy, are you okay? 3/5  Touching subject matter and lyrics. Wish the overall sound of the song fit the subject matter. One of their weaker songs on the album but still not a song I'd skip over. Talks about the loss of innocence. Gone away and their earlier ballads are a lot more powerful.    8. Nothingtown 3/5  Solid track but falls into the category of \\"Kristy, are you okay?\\". One of the weaker tracks on the album. But that doesn't imply the tracks are bad just not among the best of the album.    9. Stuff Is Messed Up 4/5  Classic Offspring, love it. One of the favorites on the album.    10. Fix You 3/5  Not a fan of the ballads on this cd. But still a nice song. Tracks such as \\"Gone away\\", \\"Amazed\\", etc spoiled me in regards to offspring ballads. But still a pretty song that I could see being a single at some point.    11. Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom 3.5/5  Melodic verse which leads up to a chorus with an ironic happy go lucky tone. Classic offspring.    12. Rise and Fall 4/5  Sounds a lot like american idiot. :P    Overall great album but definitely no \\"Smash\\" or \\"Ixnay on the Hombre\\". More like a \\"Splinter\\" or \\"Conspiracy of One\\". But I still love them to death and can't wait for their next release. Keep it coming!
B0002TJGQS|5.0|This is a better value than buying one battery at a time at Rite Aid or CVS. The batteries are 1st rate and they are working as expected.
B00000ITOY|3.0|Two stars were deducted because one of the pegs fell out which required a re-gluing.  Otherwise, this product, like all other Plan Toys' products, uses replenishable rubber tree wood and vegetable dyes for coloring, and is smooth and well-machined -- good for the little one who sticks everything in her mouth.  On the same token, the loose peg was small enough to pose a serious choking hazard and I always make a habit of regularly inspecting this toy -- something I should do with all toys anyway.
B000055Y0X|1.0|I did not like this movie, neither did my friend or girlfriend. I seem to remember some hype about it as an old classic comedy, but it was not funny like it was supposed to be. Maybe if they did a remake of this movie that actually had punch lines to the jokes it may not be half bad. Some people may like this movie or understand it on a different level than me, but I dont understand.
630469654X|4.0|I went back and watched Ladyhawke yesterday, and I have to say that this is a near perfect fantasy film. The story is outstanding. The characters and acting are solid. The one downside... the bloody music! It's not that the score is bad either. But it is dreadful WITH this film. I would LOVE to see a new version of this film without the crappy 80s synth that spoils the mood in far too many places.
2070612368|4.0|I'm reading this to practice my French, and I'm finding that it's better than I thought it would be. Even though in English it just seems like a kid's book, it's fairly interesting in French.
B000KX0IOA|5.0|I purchased this title for our social justice learning group to view.  It was every bit as good as I remembered it from the big screen.  What I can't believe is that it has been more than 25 years since its release. No doubt this film was the apex of Ben Kingsley's career.  As a model for teaching the power of non-violent resistance, this film is unparalleled.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I bought this album because I heard Viva la Vida (the track) on TV and I've liked Coldplay's music up 'til now.  I am very glad that I did.<br /><br />This is a fantastic piece of work.  It's more upbeat than their earlier stuff, a little more driving and a little more produced.<br /><br />I've only had the album for two days and I've played the heck out of it.  First run through was a bit tentative, but the songs grow very quickly on you.  Lyrically, they're really interesting, and they all have good musical layers.  After a few listens I'm still finding my ear caught by new tidbits.  \\"Strawberry Swing\\" is the weakest track to my mind, simply because it deviates from the feel of the rest of the album without good reason.  But it's quirky enough to redeem itself.<br /><br />Of course this is all a matter of opinion, but if you like Coldplay and maybe wished they were a little more upbeat and full-sounding, Viva will be your dream come true.  All I know is that listening makes me real happy.<br /><br />Edit 6/27/08: After a week or two I'm still really enjoying this album.  One quirk that I've noticed about Viva La Vida is that it sounds way better through a set of decent headphones.  Somehow all the little details come out differently, they're more apparent and impressive.  It still sounds good through speakers, but it's just a weird phenomenon that I've noticed with regards to this album.  While I appreciate the difference in clarity and focus that headphones make, I'm not usually quite as partial to headphones.  The effect just seems exaggerated here.
B00008S2VF|5.0|After listening to many of this artist's productions, I have concluded that the U. S. Congress, the President, and the U. S. Supreme Court need to unanimously agree on a \\"National Resolution to Preserve the Brain of 'Madonna' Chiccione,\\" the same as the brain of Albert Einstein, as a National Treasure, and for the sake of future scientific study.    To the Madonna: For the common good of humanity, in your statement of final will, I ask that you please relinquish your brain to the people.  ~ Samuel J. Tibbs ~
0060775858|5.0|A bedtime story that wraps a child in comfort and security. From the subtle changes in the darkening room to the soft repeated whispers of goodnight this book is a must for any child you love. Ann Clarke, author of [[ASIN:0978723503 People Are So Different!]] based on tolerance and understanding.
0321544080|4.0|I've been a fan of Joe McNally for years and have heard him lecture in person a few times. To say that I've been looking forward to a book from him would be an understatement.    However, when I first heard about this book I wasn't sure that I wanted it. Normally, I like two kinds of photo books. Those that show the photographer's work or those that are of the \\"how to\\" type. This is neither in that it combines both genres......kind of.    It's certainly not a collection of McNally's work in the conventional sense. It is, instead, a potpourri of his photos. It's also not a \\"how-to\\" book since it doesn't give more than a cursory explanation of how the photos were made. All that said, I've found it to be extremely enjoyable.     The photos are typical McNally. Technically and aesthetically superb. Nothing less than what one would expect.    In his how-to explanations (which I think of as \\"how-to lite\\", no pun intended), Joe gives a  brief overview of what was involved in getting each shot. That's fine with me, as I've never understood why some photographers feel that they need to give the aperture and shutter speed for every shot. While such information can be useful if one wants to duplicate a specific effect, they are meaningless for most shots as they only represent the light conditions present at that place and time.    What comes through loud and clear are McNally's insights and practical advice. He doesn't tell us how to duplicate each shot but, instead, tells us why he did what he did to get it. Let's face it, he knows, and so should we, that we are never going to own the equipment that he does or are we ever likely to develop the expertise to use it in the ways that he does.    If you're looking for a portfolio of Joe's work or a how-to guide to help you duplicate it, save your money as you won't find that here. If you want to get into McNally's head and perhaps become motivated to improve your own photography as a result, you won't be disappointed.
1416550518|4.0|The author had a good sense of going back and forth in time with Grace in modern time in a nursing home having flash backs to her years as the house maid from the age of 14 to about 25. The characters were given good imagination with likable personality. Love it until the ending which makes no sense. A sister is in love with a man she is not married to, while her younger sister has a crush on him, yet they kill him dead. In between, there is also that mystery of why Grace went to work at the Riverton, while her mother appeared to be fired from the job. And if she was truely having an affair with the lady's son, which caused her dismissal, then 1) if I had a daughter, that would be the last place on earth I would put her in. I would take her as far away from that house as possible 2) the lady's son is a bad man. Apparently he got his wife pregnant and the maid pregnant all at the same time, because Grace and Hannah are the same age. Now later on, after Grace's mother dies, she suspects she may be half-sister to the rich girls she has been serving hands and knees, and yet, she does nothing to verify the truth and continues to serve the girls as their personal maid. Her aunt seems to hold the key to the secret and doesn't appear to be eagerly keeping it that way, I would suspect at first inquiry, she would spit the story out in a heart beat. Grace even gives up love and marriage to continue to be a maid. Now how stupid is that? The movie producer turns out to be related to Grace (if Grace is truly a product of Mr Frederick). I just hope she doesn't marry Marcus, because they can bear a stupid for a child. There is also a circle of single-moms in this story, far too many for such an intimate group. Well, there are other discrepencies in the time/age, but that's minimal and you really have to keep track of it to know.
B0013527I4|5.0|Once again, a triumph over the mundane entertainment of today's TV.  I remember why I loved this series so much every time I order and view the next season.  Jim Henson was a genius!
B000I2JDEY|5.0|I'm not sure how many people would agree with me, but after watching this movie again I was struck by something that I'd never noticed before. (Spoiler alert.)    First, I've seen this movie about a dozen times over the years, and like most people, what always stuck with me was the level of psychological damage that these two characters inflict upon each other. Edward Albee seems particularly sharp in showing how self-contempt and contempt for one's partner become symbiotic in \\"dysfunctional\\" relationships. George needs Martha's contempt as well as her love, just as she needs his contempt as well as his love. For them, the two emotions are two sides of the same coin--to such an extent that each emotion even seems to be a manifestation of the other. I've never seen a film that captures this psychological chemistry as powerfully as Nichols's adaptation, and the Burton-Taylor performances are truly remarkable. One can only guess how much the actors recognized these emotions in their own lives.      Moreover, when one eventually realizes the sort of \\"game\\" that's being played, the bizarre nature of the premise seems to be a pretty striking commentary on how our intimate relationships are based on understandings that are only exposed as \\"fictions\\" (or rather, only become \\"fictions\\") when consensus no longer exists. However weird the whole setup is with George and Martha's \\"son,\\" Albee seems to have meant it as only a more extreme, exaggerated illustration of this dynamic. When our relationships begin to erode, the premises or assumptions that they've been based on begin to erode as well. If George and Martha's son can be taken literally as a sort of psychic \\"buffer\\" or \\"crutch\\" they've created to sustain their tenuous marriage, the son can also be taken as a sort of metaphor for such unspoken premises in any relationship. Their pathology, I think, has a certain level of psychological truth that applies in a less extreme way to \\"normal\\" relationships as well.         Butwhat really hit me this time was something else. What I never fully appreciated about this film is that for all its psychological violence, for all the outbursts and cruel mind games that we see on display, the film ends with George and Martha still together--quietly, hesitantly considering whether they can now start their relationship on some new basis without the sustaining fiction of their \\"son.\\" True, there are no guarantees here, but I think that any view of this film as overly bleak is very misguided. If anything, George and Martha's relationship actually has a much greater chance of surviving than the sort of marriage in which each person has given up on each other for good. I won't go into details, but suffice it to say that I've seen what a truly numbing, deadening effect that failed marriages can have on people. Compared to what I've seen, George and Martha's story resonates with vitality in all its sound and fury, and the final scene brought tears to my eyes not because of what they'd lost--but for what they still have the chance to preserve in some new form. When I saw Nichols's close-up on their held hands in the final shot, I realized that what I was seeing was still very much a love story...free of easy cynicism on the one hand or easy sentimentalism on the other hand, and instead ending with a very fragile, hard-earned sense of hope.
0452289963|3.0|This book had some good points but all in all I found it slightly hard to follow.  I felt that if you followed the advice of the author you could very easily become indifferent to everything around you.  Perhaps I wasn't totally grasping the book in its entirety but as I said I did find some of it rather hard to follow
B0013FXWX8|3.0|KUNG FU PANDA is a perfectly acceptable entry in the ever growing list of CGI animated films.  Yet, because the list is not yet long enough to stretch back more than one generation, it is inevitable that the film be compared to TOY STORY I & II, INCREDIBLES, SHREK, ICE AGE, MONSTERS INC, FINDING NEMO, ROBOTS, etc. etc.  This may not be entirely fair (it's not like we compare a film like UNFORGIVEN to every western ever made)...but it's true nonetheless.  Upon leaving the theatre, my first thoughts were, \\"well, it's better than SHARK'S TALE and ROBOTS and ICE AGE II...but isn't up there with RATATOUILLE and SHREK either.\\"  I should be judging it on its own terms.  So I'll try to do that.      This is a fairly standard \\"sports underdog\\" movie in many ways.  The hapless Panda, voiced by Jack Black, is clumsy, overweight and hardly built to excel in Kung Fu, a sport / art form which he knows inside-out (as a mega-fan would).  Yet, when a serious threat to his town is unleashed, a wise old turtle comes to believe that this Panda may be \\"the dragon warrior\\" of legend, the \\"one\\" who can save them all.    Panda thinks this idea is pretty ridiculous, BUT it gives him a chance to hang out with some of his heroes, true Kung-Fu artists such as Tiger (Angelina Jolie), Monkey (Jackie Chan), Cricket, Snake, etc.  He relishes being with them, and even blows off most of their insults and mockery.      But his \\"master\\" (Dustin Hoffman, doing a really nice job here) is compelled to train Panda, even though he thinks it is a waste of time.  What do YOU think?  Will Panda find new talents in himself that he never suspected he had?  Will he earn the respect of his heroes?  Will he save the town?    I won't answer these questions here...but suffice it to say that you know the answers to these questions before the movie even starts.  This is a film where the journey to the answers is the key.    The journey is amusing enough.  The Chinese village is rendered lovingly, hinting at the feeling of watercolor painting, yet staying true to the almost 3D style of the best CGI films.  There is no question the movie looks great.  Within these settings, the journey unfolds with funny scenes showing the clumsy Panda attempting Kung Fu.  Yes, there's even a training montage.      In fact, the plot is so predictable that the film would be thoroughly tedious were it not for the relationship between master and student.  Black's Panda is a nice creation...he's funny & smart, and while he feels overmatched physically, he doesn't actually seem to think there's anything wrong with that.  He gets down on himself at times...but is remarkably resilient.  Essentially, even if his self-confidence is low (he knows he is not likely to be a pure Kung Fu genius) his self-ESTEEM is always high.  Hoffman's master is a bundle of energy and aggravation, and makes a nice foil.    I was disappointed that the other characters were so minor.  While I don't watch movies like this for the actors behind the voices, I had expected the Kung Fu heroes to be more a part of things, and to add more dynamics.  In fact, they were pretty minor.    The climactic scenes were not as exciting as I would have liked, either.  So in the end, the film was a mixture of amusing and creative bits, covered by a layer of predictability.  KUNG FU PANDA, no matter how great it looked, could not throw off the unoriginality of story.    I believe kids will like it, and I wasn't exactly bored myself.  But whereas TOY STORY and MONSTERS INC have warranted repeat viewings over the years, KUNG FU PANDA will probably NOT earn a space on my movie shelf.
0670020745|5.0|I feel that this book is a gem...and is for anyone who has dealt with or is dealing with the challenges of recovering from any type of \\"injury\\"; physical, mental, spiritual, or emotional.  An astonishing book.  Truly helpful and inspiring.  The author has shared an incredible gift and journey in this book.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|With all the cliches about how \\"radio-friendly\\" x&y was, I'm surprised half of these people bought the new album. Granted, I hate most of the stuff on the radio these days, but Coldplay is an exception. I happened to LOVE x&y. I loved the simple formula they used. It was refreshing for someone to stick to something that works. Inventive and experimental aren't always a good thing (see the last 4 radiohead albums). But Coldplay do pull it off here. I've been through it about 4 times now. Every listen it gets better and better. I'm very glad I got it and I am stoked for the next listen. Pick this one up...for sure.
B0007VZ9DK|5.0|The movie Casino is an insite into when the mob gained controll of a casino. Robert De Niro takes controll of the casino to run it his way onlyand he  is tough. Huge amounts of cash are funneld back to the mob. Joe Pesi tries to mussell in and he plays a great part. You get to see the cons trying to beat the tables, Rulett, and the machines. Definately a DVD to own.     M Innes Australia.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|After just buying Weezer and Coldplay I had low expectations that this cd would bomb. However I was surprised to see the different types of music involved and the different types of tempo's which offered a great experience. Not all the songs are great, but a majority are good. This might not have been a knock out of the part cd but by the first round though I was already hooked to certain songs.<br /><br />A must buy for anyone who enjoys good music. Offspring rises to the occasion with this one!
B000WGWQG8|4.0|I rented John Adams recently, and I'm thinking about purchasing it.  It's very good.    The series takes a hard look at a man who doesn't get as much attention as Jefferson or Franklin, but who was still pivotal and admirable. It's interesting take because they make a point of depicting him as a man, quick-tempered, often tactless and sometimes off-base, but a man of integrity and sincerity.    As depicted in the series, he despised politics to a degree that's hard to fathom in a politician of such stature. \\"I must study politics and war so that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.\\" He was ambitious, but cared more for getting the job done and done right than partisan politics.    I'm not much of a patriot. I care about the freedoms we have in our society, but I regard the idea of nations as being rather tribal. I have a high regard for the US not because it's my nation, but because of the US constitution which enshrines the rights of individuals against the desires of the majority. Yet the first two episodes of John Adams made me feel quite patriotic. It's stirring stuff.    I felt episodes 3 and 4 were the low point of the series, because they depict Adams fumbling in France and the Netherlands. It's true he did, but from the series you'd get the impression that he accomplished nothing between 1777 and 1788, which isn't at all true. Granted, it'd lack focus to show him shuttling back and forth to Europe and writing much of the Massachusetts constitution, but this section really needed something to counterweight the relentless focus on his shortcomings.    Fortunately, it picks up again with episode 5 and onward, and Adams once again shows as a man to be reckoned with, even when serving as Vice President and largely locked out of Washington's decision making. It's also interesting to see in passing both how hugely popular Washington was, and yet that Washington had mobs yelling in the streets over some of his decisions.    Paul Giamatti isn't someone I associate with serious drama, but he does a great job here. And his rather nebbish looks are important, because Adams was a nebbish, and yet a force of history. Laura Linney was great as well, and certainly strong enough for the part of Abigail. Many of the other casting choices, such as Tom Wilkinson as Franklin, are excellent. I didn't care too much for the casting of Adams' adult children, particularly in scenes where they're supposed to be 15-18 and they all look mid-30's.    The production values were excellent, usually very convincing. My only real problem with the technical aspects was the occasional inexplicable use of a tilted camera. I found it distracting.     - Gus
0061015725|3.0|First I want to apologize with the readers of this review because of my English knowledge. My native language is Spanish, so you may find some mistakes here. (It will be great if someone wants to send me a comment with the mistakes for me to know)    About the book: Is not to short, however all the action take place in a few days. Maybe that's why I felt like I was seeing a slow motion movie.     The book is written as if the author were the protagonist of the action and, more often than not, he gives you a few paragraph about some technical details, what  is great to let you know that all that happens may be possible in the real world, but sometimes feels like out of place. For example the protagonist is in a dangerous situation, and in that moment he takes time to gives us a long thought about how the wild animals behave and the reasons for that behavior.    At the end all the credible theories finish with a revelation worth of a bad science fiction story.     I had to make a pause in the reading about the middle of the book (because I was boring) and then after a while, start reading again to know how everything ends.
006054094X|5.0|Gavin spent over a decade in researching and following the sea route in writing this impressive volume - 1421 the year China discovered America.  With his professional training, experience, and the determination to find the historical truth, he came to the logical conclusion with convincing objective support of plants, architecture, drawing, animals, DNA, culture, custom, language, rituals and Chinese influence on the local people.  He documented in great details in this Chinese expedition around the world.  This pioneer adventure was under-covered even in China.  He did intensive and extensive scholarly work in reminding the world this forgotten first round the world voyage which paved the seaway with maps for Europeans to follow with different impact and outcome. This book attracted world-wide interest.  The Chinese version updates and corrects some of the mistakes in this American text.    China in the Ming Dynasty was advance in technology, powerful culturally, politically and economically.  With the surplus of free trade, China was capable of building the Chinese Armada - a fleet of over hundred of ships and thirty thousand crews.  With compass, sun dial and the guide of the Stars, the China fleet set up observatories in making calculation and charting maps with amazing accuracy.  China brought and shared the well-developed civilization and technology to people around the world without conquer, convert or discrimination, contrary to subsequent imperialist, colonist and missionary in suppression, massacre and brutality. China earned respect, trust and honor without shock and awe nor establishment of a Chinese Empire even she was capable of.  With gifts, goodwill and friendship, China won hearts and minds and people of distant lands were willing to learn and follow.    This book is an eye and mind opener especially for American hawks who currently cry \\"CHINA THREAT\\".  If Ming Dynasty China behaved as European Christians, Africa, America and Australia would be Chinese speaking, Confucian culture Empire with towns New Peking instead of New England, New Nanking instead of New South Wales.      Reading this book help review the history of these three continents under the doctrine of \\"love your neighbor as yourself\\" and Confucius' teaching of \\"among four seas, all are brothers & sisters\\".  This book is meaningful and significant in our annual celebration of Columbus Day in America.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I have never been a Coldplay fan. Their popularity baffled me: did it emerge from the simplistic songwriting, the channeling of U2 and Radiohead's accessibility, or Chris Martin's looks? I never got it. So when I semi-accidentally stumbled into Viva la Vida, not only was I surprised I gave it a chance but even more so that I enjoyed it.<br /><br />Coldplay has readily admitted to taking the best bits of their influences. This record, if it can be considered the experimental one, manages to walk the line of accessibility and pop. Because of that, make no mistake: This is a producers record. Brian Eno's influence escalates this record to new heights. Eno's work for Paul Simon, U2, Talking Heads, and even Microsoft has given him a legacy of not only making \\"sounds\\" that much better but also pushing a band's boundaries.<br /><br />To that extent, the arrangements on the record take the standard Coldplay songwriting and engulf them with a sheen that makes them shine on the record as much as they would live. Echoed vocals over a phased guitar and a huge organ sound make \\"Lost!\\" that much stronger of a track. Instrumental \\"Life in Technicolor\\" is an experimentation into already discovered waters, but the discovery here is yet another way to shake an arena. Inadvertent single \\"Viva la Vida,\\" with guest production by Markus Dravs, is carried by the harmonizing strings that keep Martin's now-lowered register incredibly palatable. Conjuring the spirit of Peter Gabriel, \\"Strawberry Swing\\" flings a nonsensical guitar line into a compelling drum rhythm and strings, creating one of the highlights of the record. While these are just the larger examples, Eno's touch all over the record  challenges the listener to really engulf themselves into the full spectrum of the record.<br /><br />I can't say this record made me a full Coldplay fan, but I will readily admit I enjoy this record more than expected and will keep on listening to it. There is simply too much in it, an economy of sound that I never expected or thought I'd hear. But this record has it; we should enjoy it accordingly. While Coldplay can be deemed \\"heavy soft rock,\\" this record can boast much more than heavy, soft, or rock could ever quantify. Recommended.or thought I'd hear. But this record has it; we should enjoy it accordingly. While Coldplay can be deemed \\"heavy soft rock,\\" this record can boast much more than heavy, soft, or rock could ever quantify. Recommended.
0452289963|3.0|I read A New Earth and struggled with it. Why do we feel the need to seek answers to life, our existence, our purpose, in books like this? Why not keep it simple?     I recently read CRYING WITH COCKROACHES by South African author Marianne Du Toit and what a joy it was!    The book is an inspiration from beginning to end. It is not about self-promotion or ego, it is just a simple tale of  what is possible when we are determined, generous and humble. The author does not take herself too seriously yet she gets so many important messages across.     Once we reach out to others and start looking away from ourselves, then life begins to have purpose. It really is that simple.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|Fleet Foxes, another in the infinite line of contemporary \\"animal\\" bands; what a special record!   I'm not really well versed enough to see in it comparisons to Wolf Mother or Wolf Parade or Deerhoof or Deerhunter or Grizzly Bear, Panda Bear or Huggy Bear (ok, so that's a blast from the past).    What I do see in it is a reflection of a more distant tradition.  There are compositional references, vocal styles, and arrangement nods to those more \\"baroque pop\\" 60's Beach Boys records; the epic scope and the lushness and depth of pop complexities of [[ASIN:B000005GYI Clube da Esquina]] an essential 1970's record by Milton Nasciamento and Lo Borges; yet there's also the spaciousness and intimacy of last year's Bon Iver record, [[ASIN:B0011HF6GE For Emma, Forever Ago]].   Like those references, the music is absolutely listenable and deeply enjoyable and somehow makes you feel like you're enjoying something quite special.    I love it.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|Like another reviewer has already said, I also have 2 words to sum this new OffSpring Project up \\"Bob Rock\\"! IMHO I see this an opposite of what the former writer meant. Bands who go to BR to have him do their new project realize what he does best. The OffSpring are an extremely intelligent band so they too knew what they wanted and from who!  'Motley Crue's, Dr. Feelgood', 'Metallica's, the Black Album', and 'The Cult's, Sonic Temple'... All of these bands were ready to grow and accomplish something they themselves weren't sure how to do. All of the 3 mentioned albums are killer!  Alot of bands get caught in the same \\"our albums all sound the same, or, were ready to grooooow..., let's make some changes, something great!  It has worked for the 3 other groups listed above and I trust as the dust settles on 'Rage and Grace', people will realize it's not Bob Rock or anyone else than our fav 'The OffSpring' who are directly behind this change (for the good) and this is a really great change.  The first 6 tracks smoke just as well as any song they've done. Maybe not as rough or polished but I for one dig the new sound, it's 'Rage and Grace' just as the cover is telling us. They are a witty bunch, maybe even pulled one over on all of us? Noodles guitar really screame throughout 'Rise and Fall' and even after the initial 6 tracks it's not that hard to catch on to what their up too.  \\"Kristy, are you doing O.K. hits on some hardcore issues and I love the slam on hollywood bimbo and male dramaheadliner's when 'Stuff is Messed Up rolls out. Dexter is never one to run out of things to say. The cool bass solo/guitar hammers are nice also so a bit of commercial change rides a double edge sword no matter what!  Sure \\"Smash\\" blew our hair back, and that lead up to 'Americana' (my fav)so Greg, Dexter, and Noodles have been experimenting, maybe without us being aware? but 'Rage and Grace' will grow on us all (hopefully even those who are hardcore meltdowns that stay young and angryforever)?  Trks# 1 3 and 4 are killer grooves I'm into the most so far. The ballads are weird (from the 'OffSpring?) but they wrote em so they wanted us to hear them as well. If we are truly their fans, we have to ride with them as well. Peace to the cause...
B000NT9DSI|5.0|This book is an excellent overview of a handful of people who experienced the atomic bomb that exploded over Hiroshima, Japan and the rescue efforts by some courages individuals immediately afterwards.     Given the recent concerns of the U.S. and many nations with Iran potentially becoming able to produce a nuclear weapon and the continued issues with North Korea's program, and the overarching concerns related to the proliferation of nuclear weapons technology, this book shows the real horrors of what an atomic explosion causes, both immediately - death and destruction - as well in the immediate and mediate aftermath - the terrible suffering of the survivors(including, severe burns, radiation poisoning, cancer and particularly leukemia, etc.). Particularly compelling was the story of how most of the population that survived the immediate blast effects, desperately sought out water, and how some priests stationed there from the west tried to help survivors.    This is an excellent, well-researched, and brief overview of the effects of an atomic bomb explosion on a city.
0425220931|5.0|We already are music, but this book helps reintroduce us into being music that we already are.  For music is a living breathing entity that's already thare and we are part of its conduit be it with our voice, guitar, bass, harmonica, etc.  All music is a voice and we shouldn't judge a voice by its cover.
0679805273|5.0|This is a great gift for ANY graduate.  I give this book along with another gift to grade school, high school, even college grads.  I do not particularly care for Dr. Seuss, but I liked this book so much, I even bought one for myself! It's very uplifting.  Enjoy!
B0000026CM|5.0|my mom was looking for this on cd insted of tape and i am so glad i found it for her
B0018AK9RA|5.0|all of you who are blasting Judas Priest for this latest endeavor are nuts. If all you want are power chords and high pitched screams Judas Priest has a plethora of recordings just up your alley. As for me one of my favorite albums of all time is Operation Mindcrime by Queensryche and they dared to actually have a concept to the album above 10-12 songs of varying degrees of the kind of thing they are known for. Now FINALLY Judas Priest takes that plunge and comes up with a really intense Metal Opera with a REAL story to tell. This album won't be for everyone but then again no album has ever satisfied everyone.     Judas Priest has really blown me away with Nostradamus's writing and musical direction. If your gonna whine about it please be very quiet while I smile and soak in the extaordinary music from my favorite band of all time .... and believe me I have been around almost as long enough to have been a classmate of Nostradamus's. =P
0446677450|1.0|I can't read this stuff. The stories are long and seemingly pointless. I tried skipping through to find the pearls of wisdom, but I never found any. One story tells in endless dull detail how he worked for 10 cents an hour when he was a kid. Who cares? Just get to the point. I've seen this guy on TV, and he's a salesman. He tells you, over and over, how rich he is and how smart he is, but he never tells you anything you can use. I suspect he got rich by selling these books, which tell you how to get rich, supposedly. Looks like baloney to me. I think he is a con-man.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|As a diehard Hendrix fan... like who isn't, I have to confess I felt that some of Jimi's best songs are conspicuously missing from this album. For example, I can live without \\"Dolly Dagger\\" but not without  \\"Spanish Castle Magic\\"!  I wish they had consulted me first when picking songs... but, oh well, heavy sigh, they did not.  Still, even with its organizational faults, Jimi still rocks.<br /><br />This is a classic CD; I carry it in my car at all times.  I know I am in the universal flow when I turn on the radio and find myself catching the next Jimi song on the radio waves.  (It's called hanging ten on the Tao.)<br /><br />There are some things you simply cannot get enough of, and Jimi Hendrix is one of them.  If you are not going to sit down and burn your own customized CD with your favorite Mr. Jimi songs, then get this album. It is the next best thing.
B0017I1FNK|4.0|This is not an album to slap into your car stereo to tap your feet with while cruisin' down the road. It is a marvelous collection of beautiful songs written, arranged and sung by some of the top talents in the business. It's theme is the down side of life but it is presented so well and with such profound sincerity that it avoids being maudlin.     ELH's choices of Karen Brooks, Pam Rose, Mary Ann Kennedy, The McGarrigles and her longtime friend and collaborator, Dolly Parton to sing with her help make this a great album to sit and listen to without distractions.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I am just blown away with VIVA LA VIDA ! The orchestration, production, vocals are breathtaking. Now, I am of the \\"older fans (way over 50)\\", but this is so reminiscent of the some of the late 60's music - Beatle-ish in some way, to me. IT flows so beautifully.   THANK YOU, it is an experience in itself.
B000GFLKF8|3.0|Spike Lee's modern take on the bank heist movie is a more effective social commentary than action movie. As entertaining and as suspenseful as the movie is, because the market is so full of shocking endings and neat plot twists that you already know that the ending will be something clever, which in itself has become formulaic, at least with movies in recent years. What makes this movie fun and socially relevant is the way Lee, in both subtle and not so subtle ways, includes matters of race, redemption, and guilt amidst a story pitting a highly intelligent criminal (Clive Owen) and a detective who has an insatiable desire to uncover the truth (Denzel Washington). This really is the kind of movie to watch on a late evening when you want to sit back and be entertained.
B00008MJ8H|5.0|I listen to this CD almost every night, and especially when I have a problem going to sleep.  Love and Friendship, Amapoula and Cockeye's Song are some of my favorites.  Morricone wrote this music years before Leone came up with the story, yet the film and the music fit together perfectly.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I were very worried at first when ordering this dvd set since I read all the comments about broken dvd's in this set. But so far all my dvd's has worked. SATC the show is just a good as I remembered it from tv. Maybe even better since now I can watch it without all those anoying comercials.  My husband and I have enjoyed watching all the episodes together.
B00005R8GU|5.0|If you like blues or Muddy Waters in general, you owe it to yourself to buy this.  It is really a wonderful work of blues and there is quite a lot of music here.  You get your money's worth and then some.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I just received this in the mail and after listening to both CD's, I wish that JP would retire, it's sad what they have become. I was born in 61 and remember quite well when Judas Priest was KICK A**. Their stuff from the late 70's, early 80's was GREAT. Heck, even after they had a couple of mis-steps there in the late 80's they redeemed themselves with PainKiller.     I wasn't a big fan of Angel of Retribution but gave them the benefit of the doubt, Halford just got back, they wanted to try some new stuff...fine. But then they follow it up with this garbage. Look, I understand that a group needs to expand some, I'm sure it's tiresome playing the same stuff over and over again. BUT for the most part, do what works...insert a song or two in the album that's different, but don't make the ENTIRE album different.     As a FYI the only two good songs they have on the album are posted on their website. If you're a die hard JP fan, sure, go ahead and get this to complete your collection. If not, don't bother.
B0002CHIJW|3.0|It's difficult to compliment or be positive in any way about Meir Zarchi's controversial film, because even though it does come down on the side of the female victim, her ordeal is so distressing and brutal that one feels unclean for choosing to sit down and be a willing observer to it.    Most people will be aware that this film is a rape/revenge scenario and probably will be aware that it has courted much outrage since it first shocked audiences in the late 70's, but few people will be privy to the fact that the abuse of Jennifer Hills (Camille Keaton) goes on for at least the first third of the movie and as such it is an extremely uneasy amount of time for a viewer to sit through. So much so, that when she enacts her revenge, it seems almost standard...a given. In fact it would be difficult to imagine the film if the producers had abandoned to revenge conclusion, as it acts as such a release of the pressure built up by the horrific preceding events.    'I Spit on Your Grave' is a title that gained much of it's notoriety from the hysterical \\"Video Nasties\\" bill that was circulated in Britain in the early 1980's. It appeared alongside movies such as 'Cannibal Holocaust', 'Zombie Flesh Eaters' and 'The Beast in Heat'. But while the majority of the Video Nasties were mere exploitation schlock (that in most cases seem remarkably harmless now), Zarchi's effort has retained it's extremely disturbing atmosphere because unlike the undead of 'Zombie Flesh Eaters', the funny looking Nazi creation in 'The Beast in Heat' and to some degree the outrageous cannibal tribes in 'Cannibal Holocaust', rape and rapists are very real. However, I must say that the rapists in 'I Spit on Your Grave' are such one-dimensional bad guys that it's hard to reconcile them to the real world. That aside, the movie is a story about an event that affects many women (although probably not to the vile extent that Keaton's character goes through).    The basic plot is very simple, there is no subtly here. In short form, a young female journalist is abducted while she is on vacation and is subjected to a series of appalling assaults on her person. Afterward, she manages to get herself together and embarks on a brutal revenge against her attackers. The movie is an extremely violent, dirty and utterly depressing experience...and this is actually the project's strong point. I watched this alone one evening and I came away from it feeling awful, feeling dirty and even ashamed. In fact, I could barely bring myself to tell my girlfriend what movie I watched when I was asked.    No movie before or after has ever had that effect on me.    In some ways, I believe I felt some of the feelings that a rape victim feels after such a disgusting event; dirty, depressed, angry, ashamed and utterly disillusioned with human beings...albeit to a relatively minuscule level admittedly. I could walk away from the DVD, but the experience stayed with me for days afterward. This end-of viewing feeling was certainly the overwhelming result from the 100 minute running time.    Although, I personally don't consider 'I Spit on Your Grave' to be an exploitation film, at least not in the same manner as 'Ilse: She wolf of the SS', or the myriad of Cannibal / Zombie flicks, it still suffers from the same weaknesses usually endured by low budget exploitation movies...bad acting, bad dialogue and poor advances in scripting and they take from the film, somewhat inevitably.    There also have been some who have attempted to portray 'I Spit on Your Grave' as a \\"pro-rape\\" fantasy, but I find that very hard to accept. Zarchi presents the attackers as incredibly cruel and without a shred of decency that it's impossible to imagine any viewer siding with their point of view. As difficult as 'I Spit on Your Grave' is to look at, the overall impulse is to identify with the innocent victim. Zarchi, who prefers the more positive title of \\"Day of the Woman\\" to the sensationalist 'I Spit on Your Grave', has always maintained that he had tried to manifest a \\"pro-feminist\\" angle with his film and is shocked that some people would think that he (or anyone) would attempt to make a pro-rape movie. This PR spin seems a little naive in the world of pedophile rings and violent internet porn, but such things were unknown when Zarchi set out to make his opus. The director, in fact, claims that he set out to make the film after helping a victim of rape in New York.    In conclusion, if you believe you have the stomach for it (and I don't mean that in a macho way) 'I Spit on Your Grave' offers the viewer an experience that no other film will give, if you chose to go down that road. But for most audiences, I feel that this experience will simply prove to be too much.
B000CCBCAS|3.0|Mike Newell's stylish 1994 hit, \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\", expertly fulfills the traditional criteria of romantic comedy, the most important one being that unlike in real life, (almost) everyone finds love with the right person - a conclusion never really in doubt, so this piece of information won't spoil anything.  A fine cast that includes Kristin Scott Thomas, Simon Callow, and John Hannah lends sparkle and charm to this tale of a group of long-time friends who, one by one, are crossing from carefree, single blessedness into the marital state.  Except for one: Charles (Hugh Grant), who just can't seem to get himself over that line, despite successive relationships with attractive women who all want to hook him.    Charles and his friends apparently occupy some blissful realm where little matters such as jobs and careers don't seem to exist.  Two (Phoebe and her brother Tom) are obviously wealthy aristocrats, but it's a mystery how the others support themselves as they float around, showing up at one wedding after another and co-mingling at receptions with a clearly upper-class crowd in which all the women wear large expensive hats.  All the same guests appear to show up at all the weddings.    I'm not a great fan of Hugh Grant, whose lip-biting, stammering, hair-pushing mannerisms drive me up the wall.  However, the role of the emotionally infantile and graceless Charles suits Grant almost too well, so it's hard to complain.  As the film opens, Charles and his elfin roommate, Scarlett (a wonderfully eccentric portrayal by the unfortunately deceased Charlotte Coleman), are off to the film's first wedding, where Charles, as usual, is the perennial Best Man.  Already troubled by his inability to commit, at the reception Charles meets a pretty American, Carrie, played by the mind-bogglingly talentless Andie MacDowell, whose casting is the only major flaw in this film.  MacDowell could give Tippi Hedren a run for the \\"Least Talented Actress Ever To Have A Career In Films\\" award, and for the same reason: a hopelessly flat persona, voice, and delivery.  This defect is particularly glaring amongst this group of fine British actors.  MacDowell's flat delivery, devoid of nuance, imagination, color, or shading of any kind, turns her lines into the dramatic equivalent of Wonder Bread.  It's a shame someone on the level of the rest of the cast couldn't be found for this role.    At any rate, although Charles doesn't figure it out for some time (although, of course, the audience does), Carrie is the Thunderbolt that has finally hit him.  For the rest of the film, we wait for Charles to acknowledge what everyone around him sees clearly, and, as we wait, we are treated to three more weddings and that funeral.  The second wedding contains a priceless turn by Britain's famed comedian, Rowan Atkinson, as a priest nervously performing his first marriage, and mangling the language of the wedding service as he does so.    The movie is also notable for including a happy gay couple (John Hannah and Simon Callow), without qualification or discussion.  Callow, one of Britain's most distinguished stage and screen actors, gets to chew up the scenery a bit, while sharp-eyed devotees of BBC's \\"Wire in the Blood\\" and \\"MI-5\\" series's may spot a young Nicola Walker, later one of the lead detectives in \\"Wire\\" and an operative on \\"MI-5\\", as one of the maddening folk singers (\\"Can't live/without yuuuuuuuuu. . .\\") at the second wedding.    The outcome of the story is never really in doubt; as is often said, it's the journey, not the arrival, that counts.  In this case, it's the wit and stylish performances (with the exception of MacDowell) that make this journey enjoyable - not to mention critiquing those varied wedding dresses, church settings, flower arrangements, etc.  The traditions of romantic comedy make it easy to ignore such minor questions as, \\"When do these people work?  What do they DO?!\\".    Nothing if not charming, \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" goes down easy and raises many smiles.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Just loved it !!  Its better then the oldest and newer version of Persuasion.  I say \\" buy this one.. you won't be sorry\\".
B00003CXXP|1.0|It would be difficult to suggest a director less-suited to the handling of Kubrick's work than Spielberg. Kubrick is cerebral, passionate, hallucinatory... Spielberg is prosaic, predictable, traditional. Kubrick likes to get under your skin with unsettling insights; Spielberg is the master of soapy drama and cheap-shot schlock.    Separately, each director rightly has his fans. Together... well, AI fully demonstrates just how disastrous the pairing could possibly be. It is a film without any redeeming merit whatsoever. Anything that Kubrick brought to the table is lost in a morass of Spielbergian sentimentality and a gush of glossy yet unappealing CGI special effects.    Spielberg has claimed that the (admittedly!) appalling Deus-ex-Machina ending was Kubrick's own. If so, we can only assume that Kubrick would have handled it very differently... or, in fact, that there was some sort of logical bridge that was not yet in place when Spielberg set to work. The first two hours of this film are nauseating and tedious beyond belief... but the ending is like an additional slap in the face, brilliantly emphasizing what an idiot you were to sit through the rest.    If you crave light entertainment, see Jaws, or Jurassic Park. If you want Kubrick, see A Clockwork Orange, or Paths of Glory. But if you value your time and your sanity at all, run a mile to avoid the embarrassing mess that is AI.
B0011W8X64|5.0|People may say I am not a true Floyd fan, but I prefer Gilmour to Waters,  Gilmour has such a powerful command of melody - true he lacks Waters' lyrical genius, but this is still an excellent album that quite simply needs to be fully experienced.  It is deep, hypnotic, and beautiful.
B0015AARJI|5.0|This has to be the best design for a controller ever made, the rumble is better then ever.
B000E33VWW|4.0|I really did like this movie. I knew the story of \\"In Cold Blood\\" and learning how Truman Capote came to write it, was a story within a story and was very interesting.
B00001U0E1|5.0|Love this movie.  Typical chick flick, but my husband enjoy watching it just a much.  Very funny!
0757302661|5.0|My husband and I are reading this book, as well as taking a Hypnobirthing class. The book is fabulous! It is very real, very informative. I am extremely pleased with the book and would highly recommend it. I would also recommend getting Gentle Birth Choices too.
B00140PK6O|3.0|To sum it up, I had trouble with the story itself, not really with the video. This item was in the well-acted BBC fashion. The scenes took you away, back to that simple time. The costumes were good and the charm was definitely there. The story, however, was flawed. Not to give too much away, but the angst became predictable and troubling. Opportunities for happiness were snuffed out almost methodically. The upturn during the last hour of the series doesn't quite make up for number of disappointments. It left me feeling completely unfulfilled.
B001226QR6|4.0|Eric and B.B. are so good that it is easy to overlook this album's short comings.  Most everything works well, making this a great collaboration between two musical giants.
B0010YSD7M|3.0|This dvd is for hard core fans only. Even Ben Browder couldn't make me watch this more than once.
B000YMBBH0|5.0|Buying the trilogy through Amazon was the best route for getting these movies.  Great movies and the HD quality is awesome as well.  R.I.P. HD
1423101464|4.0|Great series, lots of action, interesting connections with Greek mythology in a modern setting.  Particularly good for kids ages 12 - 15.
B000NA28I4|3.0|Whoever cast Ed Speleers with his very limited acting experience is the reason this movie is below par.  It could have been much better if the lead actor didn't smile or grin in every scene, especially when a scene was supposed to be sad or tragic.  Where was the director?<br /><br />If you are starved for fantasy, this movie is OK if you give a pass to the part played by Eragon.
B000W237RE|5.0|This is what real music sounds like.  There hasn't been much of it in a long time, so we are lucky the old stuff was so good.
B000VAPZM2|4.0|I enjoyed this movie very much. It reminds me of a modern day grease. I loved all the music.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Upon reading many of the reviews of this series I am having a difficult time understanding the reviewers who do not care for this set. It seems there are three main reasons for them not to like it:<br />*It's all drama*<br />*the quirky camera angles and shots*<br />*the 'stiffness' and language of the actors*<br />First off, yes, it is mostly drama with very little physical action. But that does not make it bad or boring - instead this is what brings the viewer in. And, with the inclusion of the (mostly) period-style language, one feels almost as if they were in the company of our nation's fore-fathers themselves. It seems that people in today's society need blood and guts action for them to like a movie. That's unfortunate, because just like in \\"Gods & Generals\\" (the Civil War flick), it's the drama that greatly enhances this movie. Yes, I would have liked to have seen a couple of battle scenes, but showing the wounded after the battle was just as moving.<br />As for stiffness of the actors: someone stated in one of their reviews here that ordinary people of the late 18th century didn't act like the people shown in this series. Research shows that, yes, folks did act very similar to what's portrayed. You have to watch a movie like this not with a 21st century mindset but with the realization that people didn't always socially act the way they do today. It amazes me how so few people understand this.<br />And speaking of personalities, I believe that all the actors - sans one -  fit their parts well, especially Benjamin Franklin. The one I was slightly disappointed with was the actor chosen to portray the younger General George Washington (during the 1770's). Although working well as the older PRESIDENT Washington, I feel they needed a younger man to play the part during the Rev War. The man chosen is just too old for the 1770's scenes.<br />But, Thomas Jefferson was spot on!<br />I do agree to an extent with other reviews that the way the film was shot can get a bit frustrating: angle left this scene - angle right the next - run with the camera the next scene...a little too overdone. But, you learn to over-look this. A minor thing in my opinion.<br />By the way, the sets (computerized and otherwise) were so accurate - the details were amazing: true candle lit rooms, pulling the curtain past the door to help keep the cold out, the hat racks, framed silhouette pictures, the furniture and the rooms of the houses themselves, the \\"extra's\\" in the streets (vendors, animals, etc.)...I could go on and on - all as accurate as I have seen in any movie. It reminded me of the photos of the homes from Colonial Williamsburg, and even the few colonial era homes I visited personally at Greenfield Village in Dearborn, Michigan.<br />And the clothing was perfect as well.<br />Not a detail was missed. It seems as much went into the sets and clothing as into the acting and dialog. How refreshing.<br />All things considered, this is a phenomenal work that has just blown me away. The best American History film I have seen yet.scene - angle right the next - run with the camera the next scene...a little too overdone. But, you learn to over-look this. A minor thing in my opinion.  By the way, the sets (computerized and otherwise) were so accurate - the details were amazing: true candle lit rooms, pulling the curtain past the door to help keep the cold out, the hat racks, framed silhouette pictures, the furniture and the rooms of the houses themselves, the \\"extra's\\" in the streets (vendors, animals, etc.)...I could go on and on - all as accurate as I have seen in any movie. It reminded me of the photos of the homes from Colonial Williamsburg, and even the few colonial era homes I visited personally at Greenfield Village in Dearborn, Michigan.   And the clothing was perfect as well.  Not a detail was missed. It seems as much went into the sets and clothing as into the acting and dialog. How refreshing.  All things considered, this is a phenomenal work that has just blown me away. The best American History film I have seen yet.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|This is not a bad album, but what I can say is that my opinion of this could not have been more similar to my opinion of Tool's \\"10,000 Days,\\" as I also waited five long years for that album. The Offspring was one of the first bands I ever started listening to along with No Doubt, Green Day, and Metallica. I've liked every single one of their albums to a certain degree, this one included. I checked their website out every once in a while for updates and they barely toured and it still took them five years to write this? Don't get me wrong, it's good, but I feel as though they really dragged a** on this because I hear a lot of recycled stuff from their old albums and just lots of room for cool breakdowns or better time changes or SOMETHING for five years of not releasing material; but they basically failed to deliver such things. However, to just review the album for what it is, they do pretty much stick to their guns for the most part. Half-Truism is my favorite track on the album, the way Dexter sings it is incredible and the music itself is good, not to mention the lyrics in the chorus are very emotional and epic. All around fantastic song. Other strong tracks for me include \\"Hammerhead\\" which is just real ROCK at its finest, especially the part where Dexter belts out the \\"and you can all hide behind your desks now...\\" part. \\"You're Gonna Go Far, Kid\\" is a fun, very catchy song that I like very much as well. \\"Stuff is Messed Up\\" is a really cool song with quite humorous yet ever so accurate lyrics about living in the world today and it's catchy at the same time. \\"Rise and Fall\\" is the bobbing your head happy punk rock song that I think is pretty cool. \\"Trust in you\\" is a really good punk song but it sounds like a lot of other things Offspring has done before, like they ripped themselves off hardcore on this song. It does have a really cool solo part in it, but the best way I can describe this song is that it's the best they could possibly sound when they're doingsomething they've done before. \\"Fix You\\" is the slow song out of the two very slow songs on this album that I actually like, it's got a nice melody, normally I hate songs like this but for some reason I like this one. As far as \\"Kristy, are you doing Okay?\\" is concerned, I understand the lyrics are meaningful, but I'm sorry, there is no way I can get into that song, as far as the music and the way Dexter singing is concerned, it is the worst offspring song ever! \\"Let's Hear it for Rock Bottom\\" is the other song on the album that I can't say I really care for all that much. The verses are good but the chorus is very lame and as a musician myself I can absolutely tell that the amount of time spent writing this song was minimal and it's just very lackluster overall. All the other tracks on the album aren't really good or bad, they're just mediocre Offspring songs, nothing really to say about them, nothing really specific I can point out about any of them. Overall it is a good album, but, to give an example of a band that took FOREVER to release an album that really surprised me is Green Day's \\"American Idiot.\\" Strictly in my opinion, that is an album that I felt was worth waiting for and I can say they really gave it their all. Offspring is still one of my favorites, they are one of those bands that replenish me with good memories when I'm feeling down, so if I were to be biased at all I would be on their side, but I just can't bring myself to say that this album was worth waiting five years for. Two, maybe three at the absolute most, but I feel they could have put a lot more work into it, I guess I should probably get used to the fact that they are most likely on their way out of the music scene. Nevertheless, enjoyable to listen to.
0316067598|1.0|First of all, let me say that I couldn't even make it past page 44 of this book. So maybe it's not fair to judge the entire book based upon this, but I did actually wanted to stop reading sooner but told myself to give the author a chance.    I was expecting a book along the lines of Black Hawk Down. Instead of a first hand account of the author's experience in the war, I got the authors opinion on everything from how great God, Bush, Texans and Navy Seals are. I'd rather have the author give me a compelling first hand account and let me form my own opinions.    I apologize for not reading further, but life is too short for amateur story telling. If I want that, I'll just watch the nightly ratings of Fox TV.
B000TERKLY|5.0|Though often overshadowed by The Wall or Dark Side, this is a magnificent album.  This is my favorite earlier Floyd album, even though it doesn't get the airplay of the others, it is truly a masterpiece.
0385340567|1.0|Hey guys, ever heard of a movie called... RAMBO?  The basic plot is nearly identical.  It is truly mind-bottling that writers can get away with such blatant plagiarism, and people even think they're creative!!  Yeah, I'm sure the ending is somewhat different and Lee decided to throw in some hastily-concocted sub-plot involving terrorism and such, but seriously?  I suppose one could say that Lee Child is an inspiration to would-be authors; apparently authorship isn't as difficult as it is sometimes made out to be.
1591840562|5.0|This book is great for anyone who has been toying with the idea of starting their own business.<br /><br />I've been kicking around the idea of opening a pub in my city for a few years now. Since real estate has slowed so greatly in recent months (my current career) it has occurred to me that my passionate desire to open a pub should be more seriously explored.<br /><br />\\"The Art of the Start\\", although not concentrating on pub opening, (How many books actually do?) does provide boatloads of useful information that any entrepreneur, no matter the business, can use.  Guy Kawasaki informs and reforms ideas and misconceptions I've had about starting my own business, all in a very \\"Guy Kawasaki\\" way. It should also be noted that the foundation for his success plan seems to me to be one of a high standard of ethics and selflessness. I can honestly say that its contents have truly lit a fire in me to pursue my dream.<br /><br />Now that I finished the book I will be recommending it to my mother who currently has a new business of her own. She'll have to buy her own however, mines not going anywhere.
0375805621|5.0|I had and loved this book's sister, 'Monster at the end of this book', as a child.  I had the book for my kids which made it through my first two unscathed.  When my last child (2 yr old) go a hold of it, that was the end.  So this board book was a great solution.  I got it's 'sister' in the board book format also.  I just love the drama that Grover (and Elmo) provide in this book.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|How can anyone says this is not Judas Priest....well it is...it's a mature version of Priest...this CD shows how intelligent the band has become...This Cd is \\"The WALL\\" of the 21st centuary...the strings and keyboards ad an amazing touch..I sat and followed the lyrics from start to finish...Rob is at his best and Glen and K.K have become very stylish players...this is an amazing transformation of a band that was given up for dead years ago when Rob departed....and yes Rob's voice is still amazing after all of these years.I am also a fan of the priest since the late 70's....Good to see the metel god's still shine upon us.
B00000JNOJ|5.0|A top rate blues album.  One of my favorites, it gets at least weekly listens if not daily.
B000P1KTW8|5.0|This Blu-Ray DVD is a joy and view and to listent to.  Unlike some performance DVD's Bruce and Dublin Session band are fun to watch.  Everyone is having a great time and performance is rock solid.  Now this is NOT the E Street Band.  They perform a few songs from the E Street Band catalog but the majority is from the Seeger sessions and other solo material.  So if you expecting an E Street Band type of performance your going to in for a surprise. I enjoy seeing Bruce stretch out and he's obviously having a great time.  I rarely buy DVD's but I'm glad that I own this one.  I'll be viewing it many times
B000VBP382|4.0|I love this movie. The music is fantastic and the scenery is breath-taking. It is an amazing collector's edition and I really enjoyed it. I will always like the book better but, if your a fan it's a good buy.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW TERRIBLE THIS CD IS!!! I AM GLAD I AM OLD ENOUGH TO HAVE SEEN PRIEST IN THE EARLY 80s WHEN THEY HAD FOCUSED TALENT. NOW THEY ARE SPOILED LITTLE CHILDREN WHO NEED A KICK IN THE A$$.
B000S5BUXI|5.0|The national took me a few listens to get into, but since I have, I feel amply rewarded.  Their music is so true to life - so nice to have music that speaks to someone older than 13.  There is not a bad song on the album.  Definitely one of the best modern acts.  Its bands like this that have restored my faith in modern music.
B0018S6YOE|4.0|Now, Normally I am against re-issues but since I never got around to buying the original, Which I meant to, I decided to wait for the re-issue. Reloaded's 3 new tracks are great. Especially [[ASIN:B0018NUM6K Take a Bow]]. Comparing the original 12 to them plus the 3 etxra tracks, Distrbia, [[ASIN:B0018NUM6K Take a Bow]], and [[ASIN:B001ADU8S0 If I Never See Your Face Again]], I really like the 3 new songs. That is the main reason why I gave it 4 stars.    I decided to knock off a star for 3 main reasons    1. DVD has no videos   2. The 2 Bonus international Tracks, \\"Cry\\" And \\"Haunted\\" Still didn't make the album.  3. Adding Chris Brown \\"Cinderella\\" and the [[ASIN:B000VI70U4 Lil Mama]] radio play remixes to [[ASIN:B000PMGPV6 Umbrella]]. Adding the 2 remixes would have been nice    The 3 new songs really add to the album. But owners of the original should just buy the mp3's. the re-issue isn't worth a re-purchase. I do believe the concert footage on the bonus dvd will be on the upcoming [[ASIN:B001AZI1W8 Good Girl Gone Bad Live]] DVD    Top 5 tracks  1. Umbrella  2. Take A Bow  3. [[ASIN:B0012IWIZO Don't Stop the Music]]  4. Hate That I love you  5. Disturbia
1416955070|3.0|City of Bones is about Clarissa \\"Clary\\" Fray. She goes to an all ages club with her friend, Simon, and witnesses a murder. The only problem is that she is the only one who can see the victim and the murderers. She is suddenly dragged into a world she never knew existed when her mother is taken and Clary is attacked by a demon. She is desperate to find her mother and figure out why all of this is happening to them.    I got this book from the library because I had read Cassandra Clare's Harry Potter fan fiction years ago. I couldn't believe it was the same girl. I was very excited to read this book! It has a good story and kept me interested, but there was something about it that I'm not sure I liked. I can't put my finger on it. The book definitely reminded me of her fan fiction The Draco Trilogy. Jace made me think of her interpretation of Draco in her trilogy. I wasn't impressed with the ending of this book, although I won't say why because I don't want to write too many spoilers. I will definitely read the next book in the series when it comes out.
B00164DWEA|4.0|\\"THE MADDER HULK GETS, THE STRONGER HE GETS\\". Apparently, ol' Jade-Jaws has been rebooted for the screen under the moniker; \\"Incredible Hulk\\" with a new director; Louis Letterrier, a new script by Zack Penn and has a new lead actor in Edward Norton. To be honest, I'm one of the few who appreciated Ang Lee's \\"Hulk\\", appreciated but didn't love. Sure, it was too moody, nary a smile on anyone's face, full of human angst and fake looking CGI,  but I thought it was reminiscent to the comic book when Paul Jenkins was at its helm.  2008's version of the Green Goliath trumps the 2003 version, with a different origin, more action and the CGI is a vast improvement over its predecessor. No, it is not a sequel to the 2003 film but a re-imagining that has close links to the \\"Hulk\\" (except for the color) who appears in Marvels' \\"The Ultimates\\" comic book.<br /><br />Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) is hiding out somewhere in South America, looking for a cure for his gamma-induced affliction, trying to keep his temper in check, keeping a low profile and avoiding a certain General Ross (William Hurt) who intends to make an army of super-soldiers from his own D.N.A.. After being pursued by a team led by Emil Blonsky (Eli Roth), Banner returns to America to pursue a cure and asks longtime love Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) for her help in finding a man named \\"Mr. Blue\\" who may be able to cure him of his gamma-powered alter-ego. Blonsky is hot on their trail and asks Ross to experiment further with the workings of gamma radiation and cellular manipulation with him as the guinea pig. Blonsky is a man who wants power--at any cost.<br /><br />The origin of the Hulk has been re-written from its 2003 version. Banner is a scientist who is unknowingly performing experiments on gamma applications to try to replicate a serum based on a World War II super-soldier serum (Captain America anyone?) that apparently got out of hand. Ross wants it as a weapon (no surprise) and Banner is the victim. Readers of Marvel's \\"the ULTIMATES\\" may see some similarities and may applaud this move. It was a good move to incorporate a new script to this 2008 film and Louis Letterrier seems to be the right man for its directorial duties. The script by Zack Penn in the hands of this director still has the usual touches of human drama and a moody atmosphere but at a better pace than Lee's rendition of ol'greenskin.<br /><br />The CGI effects is a step forward from its previous incarnation; an improvement but still not perfect. The Hulk looks more ferocious and feral than the 2003 version and the moments where he says \\"Hulk Smash\\" still puts a smile on my place. I was waiting on the line \\"Hulk is the Strongest one there is\\" but I guess this would ruin the film's mood, and become a bit too comical. The battle with the Abomination is the film's main draw. The fight is fierce, savage and above all, very hard-hitting. You feel the impact of the blows, and the snarls add a lot of animal-like ferocity. There is also quite a decent number of action sequences dispersed throughout the film. Banner's encounters with a Black-ops team in the first 20 minutes and with a small army contingent helps the film's pace. Hulk smashes cars, humvees, and crushes almost everything in sight; Hulk also \\"claps\\" with such devastation. There are also moments that put Hulk's relationship with Betty in the spotlight and the savage monster is truly only savage when provoked. Hulk gets to display some emotion and sensitivity in the presence of Betty. Nice touches, truly reminiscent of the comic book.<br /><br />Edward Norton's Bruce Banner may well be a little underdeveloped but by now, the film is probably relying on the fans to know what he is all about. Banner has that nerdy look but at the same time, strong and determined. Banner trains in the Brazilian style martial arts to try to control his anger by discipline. I almost wanted him to say: \\"Hulk knows Kung fu\\" but thankfully that didn't materialize. Norton gives a strong performance as our tortured scientist, I rather thought that he displayed the right emotions when one is afraid of losing himself. William Hurt is an outstanding General \\"Thunderbolt\\" Ross, his character is reminiscent of the other ruthless ones, Hurt has played throughout his career. Ross is a man of duty and has that `someone needs to get their hands dirty' attitude that gives his character a lot of depth. Liv Tyler is on par with Jennifer Connelly's Betty Ross. She's the anchor that pulls Bruce through the hardened moments.<br /><br />While the film has the tendency in becoming a bit overlong and fall to the pitfalls of too much melodrama and excessive display of human angst, the film has some cleverly placed bits of satire that assists the film's pace. You wouldn't believe Banner's attempts in communication in Portuguese; \\"..you wouldn't like me when I'm hungry.\\" Stan Lee and Lou Ferrigno makes cameo appearances which also add some subtle bits of humor.<br /><br />Ultimately, \\"Incredible Hulk\\" is a success and an effective reboot from Ang Lee`s 2003 version. The film managed to stay focused in its context of a \\"Dr. Jekyll-Mr. Hyde\\" formula and the same time delivered a cleverly action-filled popcorn film that delivers the goods. There are hints of an underlying plan with Robert Downey's guest appearance and the hints of a \\"super-soldier\\" does give comic book fans something to look forward to. The film is a great comic book adaptation and it comes highly recommended from me who has seen Jade-Jaws' ups and downs since 1979.<br /><br />HULK SAYS RECOMMENDED!  [4- Stars]red scientist, I rather thought that he displayed the right emotions when one is afraid of losing himself. William Hurt is an outstanding General \\"Thunderbolt\\" Ross, his character is reminiscent of the other ruthless ones, Hurt has played throughout his career. Ross is a man of duty and has that `someone needs to get their hands dirty' attitude that gives his character a lot of depth. Liv Tyler is on par with Jennifer Connelly's Betty Ross. She's the anchor that pulls Bruce through the hardened moments.     While the film has the tendency in becoming a bit overlong and fall to the pitfalls of too much melodrama and excessive display of human angst, the film has some cleverly placed bits of satire that assists the film's pace. You wouldn't believe Banner's attempts in communication in Portuguese; \\"..you wouldn't like me when I'm hungry.\\" Stan Lee and Lou Ferrigno makes cameo appearances which also add some subtle bits of humor.     Ultimately, \\"Incredible Hulk\\" is a success and an effective reboot from Ang Lee`s 2003 version. The film managed to stay focused in its context of a \\"Dr. Jekyll-Mr. Hyde\\" formula and the same time delivered a cleverly action-filled popcorn film that delivers the goods. There are hints of an underlying plan with Robert Downey's guest appearance and the hints of a \\"super-soldier\\" does give comic book fans something to look forward to. The film is a great comic book adaptation and it comes highly recommended from me who has seen Jade-Jaws' ups and downs since 1979.     HULK SAYS RECOMMENDED!  [4- Stars]
B00136Q2EI|5.0|David Gilmour is as much of a musical genius as anyone else who has ever carried the Floyd name.  I love this album as much as anything Waters did solo or was involved with before the band fragmented.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|\\"Jagged Little Pill\\" is one of the most memorable CD's of all-time for me, and like many others, I have vivid memories of the summer of 1995 that are associated with the many brilliant songs and moods of that album.<br /><br />While I enjoyed many of her songs since then, I was worried when she released the acoustic set of JLP a couple years back that she was going to fall back on the laurels of past success and never come back with something on the same level (creatively/musically) of that work.<br /><br />Flavors of Entanglement put to rest those worries - this is just a fantastic, fantastic CD.  Starting with the blistering beat of Citizen of The Planet and ending with the hopeful and forward-looking catchiness of Incomplete, the albums is indeed composed of many flavors and sounds, but reigning supreme on every track is Alanis' unique ability to create interesting lyrics and pronunciations and wrap them around great melodies.  It is refreshing to see that perspective and wisdom have contributed to the evolution of both her approach to songwriting and performing, but her voice is still as simultaneously beautiful and haunting as ever.<br /><br />You will not regret purchasing this CD at all, especially if you've been a fan of Alanis not only as an artist but as a poet and a person.
006135323X|2.0|I read brain rules just before this, and was hoping that it was the same - approachable writing, great anecdotes, well structured.  I found myself scanning and flipping through pages of even the most interesting parts, the experiments, because he was so long-winded and boring in presenting them.      At one point he spends a few paragraphs running into a friend during an experiment.  That's it.  No point, no relevancy - just \\"a funny thing happened.\\"  I'm happy he thought it was funny, but it added absolutely zero to his thesis.    PASS.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO THIS GUYS??? THIS IS TERRIBLE!!! WHERE'S THE METAL IN THIS? THE GUITARS? AND, OH MY GOD, THE DRUMS? WHAT THE ...? AND HALFOR'S SINGING, VERY WEAK. NO MELODIES, VERY, VERY BORING. BEEN A FAN SINCE EARLY 80'S AND I LISTEN FROM SOFT ROCK TO POWER, SYMPHONIC AND JUST PLAIN GOOD METAL AND I HAVE TO SAY THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST BORING CDS I HAVE HEARD IN MY LIFE!!! I DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO SAY.... THIS IS JUST SAD, SAD, SAD!!!
B000S5AH8W|5.0|This is not my favorite National album, but it's close.  Like most albums by this band, the CD is excellent from start to finish.
B0015XASFS|5.0|If you're a Josh Groban fan, this is a must have. Josh's dvd was recorded in Salt Lake City - and I was at that show. They did an amazing job at capturing what the show was really like. I really enjoyed the behind the scenes footage which allows you to get to know Josh a little better. I would have to say that his concert was one of the best concerts I've ever been to. If you ever have a chance to see him live, do it! This dvd is a great representation of the real show. My only complaint is that the cd only had a few of the songs that are featured in the concert- I wish there were more! The price was great, too. I went to Costco the next week and they were selling it for at least 3 or 4 dollars more than Amazon. Great buy!
B00140PK6O|4.0|Cranford is quite amusing at times as ordinary people go about their lives in a small town. Every sentence and gesture is analyzed by the denizens as they look for the things we all do: love, marriage, happiness, a good friend.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is easily one of the best album ever. An album attains the status of 'epic' when you can listen to it 3 or 4 years after your first listen, and still get the same chills and still experience the same anxiety and mood changes.    I understand why some people may not appreciate this album as much as others, but honestly, what everyone else has said is true, the more time you spend listening to the CD the more beautiful it becomes. I can't really see any current alternative bands ever releasing anything that could even be COMPARABLE to this CD for the next few decades. This album is like our generation's equivalent to Dark Side of The Moon    One of my Favorite Moments comes in Paranoid Android: The descent after the chaotic guitar riffs (It's incredible how much this album plays with your mind/emotions.. This song gets you extremely riled up, only to plunge you into a ridiculously relaxed, almost hypnotic state, and then back up again)       Watch Karma Police live in Glastonbury online, its awesome    From June 2008 issue of Rolling Stones:  \\"I think if you imagine Radiohead going through a jungle clearing a path, then we're the ones who are probably just criminally paving it. I would still give my left ball to write anything as good as OK Computer. I would become a eunuch just for 'Paranoid Android'\\"                                         - Chris Martin, Lead Singer of Coldplay
B000SXMQ24|4.0|I don't think this is Floyd's best album, but it is rock solid.  I've always prefered Meddle to this.  Still, it's a must own for any Floyd fan or rock enthusiast in general.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Coldplay-Viva La Vida ****<br /><br />Viva La Vida is by far Coldplay's most adventures album. The first in which they have truly expanded their style, and for me personally their first album since the debut that I have actually believed Chris Martin meant what he was singing about. Like his lyrics meant something once again.<br /><br />The title track 'Viva La Vida' and 'Violet Hill' are the current dueling singles, the later being the better of the two. Either way they are both great songs so much so that I think they will become massive hits for the band. 'Cemeteries In London' however is easily the strongest song the band has released to date. With restrained vocals that have more power in that state than they would if not. Imagery so bright the dark song becomes almost uplifting. '42' is haunting and catchy, and among the albums standouts.<br /><br />Nothing really here to call filler, all pretty solid. I am predicting that in the future this will be held as the bands greatest album, or at least one of the bands very top releases. Worth checking out.
B0001XALTG|1.0|DVD was scratched and I was unable to watch the entire film, very angry, I would return except you can't send back open CDS/DVDS.
0452289963|5.0|If you ever wondered why people do what they do, behave like they do or say the things they say, this book explains it all.  Eckhart Tolle delivers his deep insights in a very easy to understand writing style. It isn't a book you read once and never again, it is a book you study.  It will enrich you in an everlasting way.  I highly recommend it!
B000SXOI66|4.0|I think Meddle is a better album, but this is the album that everyone will remember Pink Floyd by.  And it's better than most bands will ever put out so it's hard to fault it.  Anyone who likes rock probably ought to add this to their collection.  There is a reason why this is one of the top selling albums of ALL TIME.  It is a monument of rock - almost anything Floyd was ever involved with was.
B0001CCXY8|4.0|i hadn't collected anything from cannibal corpse in several years,but i broke down and bought this.  it's a great release.  they still kill after all these years.  they know how to make good music.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I love fast tracks and here are my favorite songs   \\"Strawberry Swing\\" and \\"Lovers in Japan\\". Lovers in japan grows in you after some times and gets that perfect tone after a few plays. 42 Will depend on your mood. sometimes when we are depressed we like some darker songs than others and sometimes if you feel brokenheart then you like other songs or when you are happy and full of bright light then you are more incline to happy songs .. Try 42 and let me know... I myself like it a lot.   But my favorite is Lovers in Japan then try Strawberry swing. I bet people will request those song lots in the radio.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Shelter is an incredible love story.  But it is also much more than that.<br /><br />The acting is good, the story is incredible.  The love story is sweet and simple and unexpected--finding love with your best friend's brother.<br /><br />But what I find most exceptional about this film is a basic underlying theme that sometimes gay people are the ones with the common sense.  Obviously, in Zach's family, only Zach and Cody have any common sense.  Zach feels an extreme sense of obligation to Cody while it is painfully obvious that Cody's mother is lacking in maternal instinct.<br /><br />I think at first many will find Jeanne, Cody's mother, to be a somewhat shocking character in her nearly total disregard for her son's well being.  Sadly, it is all too common.<br /><br />In the end, Shelter is a beautiful love story where pure and simple love is found among a sad and complicated situation and it is pure magic that a family is born out of all the turmoil.<br /><br />There are moments of absolute magic in this film...scenes that should melt your heart...and yet they are actually quite simple.  When Shaun is looking at Zach's book of drawings and expresses the fact that he \\"get's it\\" and understands the meaning in the drawings and Zach just looks at Shaun in stunned silence.  The other scene is where Shaun tries to convince Zach to come over for steaks and tells Zach to bring Cody along.  Shaun again proves he \\"get's it\\" in understanding Zach's total commitment to his family.  Men and situations like that are rare.
B000000OAN|5.0|I found this album a bit difficult to get into... at first... but once I did it proved to be a work of unspeakable genius.  This is, quite simply, one of the best rock albums of all time!
B0000019PA|5.0|Wow, it really is true what some people have said of this album: \\"you either love it or hate it\\".  I got this album two years ago due to all the great reviews it got and here is what I wrote    ------    This review is really just repeating what others have already said... but I felt it was good to reiterate on the flaws of this album.    I wanted to give three stars but the vocals just bring this album waaayyyyy down and mess it all up.  On one side, this is a VERY good album.  I love the acoustic structure and all the neat sounds in the music but the lead singer is just annoyingly terrible!  For the first song, I was saying \\"okay, it's rough around the edges but I like it\\" but by the middle of the CD, he was still singing in that whinying, monotone and had me saying \\"just shut the #*%@ up, man!\\".  His voice is just unbarable.      If he could just sing in a couple different ways of if he would just not sing at all, it would even out but I think the lead singer just took an album that had very good potential and just made it unlistenable.  Still... I will keep this album on my ipod    ------    After I wrote this review, I had this album laying dormant on my ipod for over a year.  It was not until this summer that I gave it another try.  I was traveling with a friend and when she asked what I thought of NMH, I proceeded to rant about how over-rated they were.  She looked at me like I was crazy and said \\"A person of your musical style should love this band\\".  She told me to just open up my mind one last time and give it another chance to which I agreed and she began playing \\"Two- Headed Boy (part 1)\\"... and something amazing happened.  Suddenly, Jeff's voice was passionate and beautiful to me and his lyrical style was up their with Dylan's.  I immediately liked the song and began exploring the album.  I played \\"In the aeroplane over the sky\\" and that song blew me away, as did \\"Holland 1945\\" and \\"Two-headed Boy (part 2)\\" just about brought me to tears.    I so quickly became a lover of this album that I had to really ask myself what I hated this music so much in the past.  It is not one of my top five favorite albums and I listen to it on an almost daily basis.  It is true that some people will hate this album but thats the beauty of it.  Jeff just doesn't care about how people perceive him.  His music stands on it's own in all it's beautiful, insane glory.      I really wanted to love this album and now I do!
B0012HEB32|5.0|After watching the 1st Season all i can say is when will the 2nd Season Start! Well worth the time to download!!
B000V86OKG|5.0|This is simply the best show on TV with the best actors/actresses playing their roles as well as could possibly be done! Season 2 brings the incredible Jaime Murray (formerly of the unequaled BBC Heist series \\"Hustle\\") to mix things up. Like all truly epic TV shows, the cast is the reason we watch. Michael C. Hall was made to play this role as is the truly under-appreciated Jennifer Carpenter as his sister. I've loved Julie Benz since \\"Angel\\" and marvel at how she has found a niche as the ex-wife of and abuser and heroin addict.<br /><br />The best second tier character is David Zayas as Detective Angel Batista. Before he turned to acting full-time, he was a real NYC police officer. I believe every word he says. This season, we are also treated to the arrival of Keith Carradine for 11 episodes. I'll tell you, they really added the right ingredients and stirred the soup just right.<br /><br />The other highlighted character this season is Erik King as Sergeant James Doakes. Last season, he was the only one that suspected there was something \\"off\\" with Dexter Morgan. By the end of the last episode in season one, Sgt. Doakes starts tailing Dexter.<br /><br />Others have written of the plot. I praise the actors, writers, producers and all involved who had the vision to bring a series to TV where the hero is a serial killer and we root for him with all our hearts. This show is simply brilliant. When it becomes available on DVD, pick it up immediately and clear some time on your schedule!
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|Synopsis: The film grabbed my attention immediately as it opened with a young man standing atop the Sphinx with the pyramids in the background, for me it doesn't get any better than that. The first words you hear are \\"Let me tell you about my day so far\\" spoken by David Rice (Hayden Christensen), former average guy turned Jumper. And what's a jumper you ask, why it's a person who can instantaneously teleport themselves to anyplace in the world. They're here one second, gone the next.<br /><br />David misuses his power as one might expect, like a kid in a candy shop he pops in and out of bank vaults with loads of money and begins to live the life of luxury beyond one's wildest dreams. That is until he encounters Griffin (Jamie Bell) another more experienced jumper who instructs David in the dangers of being \\"different\\" from others. He learns that jumpers are pursued by a group known as the Palladin, a sophisticated, zealous group that believes jumpers are an abomination and dedicated to hunting down and kills them as though it were some type of holy crusade.<br /><br />The action gets fast and furious as David and Griffin teleport around the globe with the Palladin in hot pursuit. When David's girlfriend Millie (Rachel Bilson) becomes Palladin bait to draw the two out in the open Griffin's words ring truer than ever, \\"Welcome to the war!\\"<br /><br />Critique: The '08 film `Jumper' is a slick but not too original story that borrow heavily from the cult classic `Higlander' with a little `Matrix' thrown in to draw the attention of the sci-fi fans. While the special effects are quite good the storyline just doesn't seem to capture the imagination as the other two above mentioned films, the soundtrack is rather weak and uninspiring and Hayden Christensen is rather lackluster and unconvincing. What saved the film for me was the presence of fellow jumper Griffin as played by Jamie Bell. I'm sure it'll find an audience out there but one viewing is more than enough for me.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|With Bob Rock at the helm,you would have to think well produced. It was.Enjoyed the album quite a bit.After 1 listen,I was convinced.They re-visit past albums & add some new twists,which makes a fun mix of tracks.Trust In You...You're Gonna Go Far,Kid...Hammerhead...Takes Me Nowhere,Kristy Are You Doing Okay?...Nothingtown,Fix You & Rise & Fall highlight a strong effort.It's solid from beginning to end.If you have been a fan through the years,there is no reason to stay away.Go get it now.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Enjoy this movie for what it is...If you are a fan of good story, drama and great acting, look no further. I am a big fan of Paul's and he did a wonderful job on this series. If you are one of those history buffs that likes to bitch about how things in this film or any other historical movie are wrong...don't bother with a review. This is a movie, and all historical retellings are inaccurate to some degree and do you want to know why? Because you were not there nor was I; which means even if we \\"new\\" for a fact what exactly happened, we will still have some of the facts wrong...none of us were there.    So the moral of this rant, is enjoy this historic film for what it is...I am sure that they got it pretty close to the mark. And remember it's a movie not a choice between do I go to heaven or hell if I vote democrat or republican...muahahahahahahaha!     Eat it!
B00004ZB9D|5.0|He has a great voice and his lyrics are captivating. This CD will never get old.
B000W4D94I|5.0|Great action movie with superb Special Effects.  On Blu-Ray all you need is a breeze blowing and you are there with them.  Effects are great.
B000059XUO|5.0|There was the Crow comic book, and there is this movie.<br />the orignal comic and this movie are by far the best versions of The Crow.<br /><br />after this movie were several movie and comic sequils, a tv series that remade the story, and a comic series that did the same thing.<br /><br />NONE of these were in any way interesting.<br /><br />this IS the BEST version of the Crow. just as the orignal comic is the best of the comics.<br />the rest is garbage.<br /><br />there have been other actors cast in the roll and one even playing the same charture of Eric Draven.<br /><br />frankly I think that is a diservice to the memory of Brandon Lee<br />to recast his role and have someone else do it.<br /><br />lee is the ONLY actor who does it well.<br /><br />and it is not only lee who plays his part so well.<br />there is<br />Michael Wincott<br />who is excelent as the villen, Top Doller, he steals all his sceans.<br /><br />the fact is becaus of lee's tragic death, on the set of this very movie, some sceans were shot with a stunt double.<br />and yet Lee is still very much a large part in the movie with several sceans.<br /><br />this movie is about the dead coming back to life.<br />and that is very much punchuated by having Lee brought back to life in this movie.<br /><br />so this movie is the only one that is need for a collention.<br /><br />the rest are not worth the price of admission.<br /><br />the story is of Eric Draven who is killed along with his girl friend. some time later Draven is back to take revenge against the muggers who killed him. he faces Top Doller in a final battle and gains peace in the end.<br /><br />this movie is about reserection, revenge, atonment, and redemption.<br /><br />again with the movie having lee it is the theme of the dead returning.<br /><br />one of my favorite sceans is when one of the muggers is about to hurt Draven's girl friend and he quotes from some book about the Devil fearing good, and the mugger only mocks that. he mocks the power of good. but then Draven straps him to his own car with a bomb. and the mugger then sees the 'awful power' of goodness. I rather like that.<br /><br />this is one of the best movies ever made.<br />defitly a great 'superhero' movie.<br /><br />and again.<br />the best version of the Crow story Ive ever seen.that.    this is one of the best movies ever made.  defitly a great 'superhero' movie.    and again.  the best version of the Crow story Ive ever seen.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|I have all the Coldplay albums. I've already listened to this album many times over, trying to 'get it'. The first three songs are good, 'Violet Hill' is good. The rest of the album is forgettable. There is only a lot of electronic clinking-clunking instead of real music. And the band seems to have chosen repetitive strumming and crashing for rhythym sections. A bnad with such an infantile sense of rhythm. WTH??    To me, Coldplay is out of musical ideas. If this album is like this, you can imagine how the next one will be, if it will be. Musically bereft, devoid of any song running into more than 4 lines, and filled with electronica. The same \\" start with own sound - degenerate to alternate rock - degenerate to pop\\" routine has gripped Coldplay.    Coldplay are finished as a band. This album may go on and sell like crazy or whatever, but Coldplay's music is finished    Thanks
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Pour 7 ounces of Lulu (Gibb) into an 8 ounce glass.  Mix in 1 ounce of Petula Clark.  Add a dash of Dusty Springfield so it's not too sweet.  Chill over ice, Garnish with CeCe Peniston and enjoy. Delicious!  Serves 211,800 (so far)
B000ICLRJ8|3.0|This is a good to very good film.  Cast is very good. Visuals are great on Blu-Ray.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|To be blunt, this album is just to deep for the average Priest fan.  I own all the earlier Priest albums, and my personal favorites are Painkiller, Screaming for Vengeance, Sad Wings, and British Steel.  Priest tried really hard to bring something different to the table this time, and for the most part is succeeds brilliantly.  I think many of their fans just won't get it, because they are looking for either Painkiller brutality, or Screaming for Vengeance melody and \\"hits\\" as it were.  Judas Priest is a band that is looking for new ways to expand the genre, and frankly since they are pretty much 1/2 of the founding fathers of Metal, (along with Sabbath) I think they have earned the right to try some new things.  If you are willing to listen to the album with an open mind, and aren't looking for the same old same old.  You will probably enjoy this music.  If you want to listen to formula ad nauseum buy something by AC/DC.  (who I love by the way)
1582701709|1.0|Here's another one I tried reading but could not finish. The book is well written, I will give it that. I also have to give the editors credit for doing a good job; however, it is quickly so repetitive along the thought line that it becomes very monotonous. The power of positive thinking coupled with materialism is quoted repetitively throughout the entire book. Many of the quotes and concepts shared have been around for quite some time. The quick fix philosophy has many flaws in it as one can imagine.  I recommend reading the Bible; you will find \\"Many Secrets\\" to provide self-help and positive thinking as well. Save your money, this book is not worth your time or money.
006109594X|1.0|I would not recommend this book to anyone.  The whole cast of characters rang false.  Don't bother.
0330482866|4.0|This gripping thriller brings back the terrors of the Cold War as it follows four friends' lives after their Ivy-league college days. Follett curses his protagonist with amnesia, and follows his responses to this mysterious problem to reconstruct a saga of jealousy, betrayal, ideological commitment, and political ambition. He skillfully brings back the restrictions of social classs and behavioral codes of the times, nevertheless giving both the young men and young women action-filled parts to play. The novel effectively probes the issues of competing loyalties and loves, leaving it to the reader to identify with the best of these ambivalent heroes.
B0011FDVKE|5.0|I loved Bramble Rose so I was glad to get this new CD and I am not disappointed at all. In fact, I love this CD. Her voice shines on certain tracks, like Another Country and Broken, and delivers solid performances on I Know What I'm Looking for Now and Keep You Happy. Her lyrics have matured with her and are quite often moving and thought provoking. It's a great listen and I play it in the car each day. I don't care much for the french language song, but I'm sure it pays homage to her year in Paris and has a personal meaning for her. The rest of the songs are wonderful.
0736063684|5.0|If your new to working out then this book is for you. If you know the basics already then you don't really need this book.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|If you do not laugh during this movie, check your pulse! This is Chevy Chase at his best. A family favorite for decades!!
B0017I1FNK|5.0|I have been an Emmylou Harris fan for over 25 years and she never disappoints me with her albums. She really delivers in this one. And she remains true to her roots as a county/folk singer. All I Intended to Be is one of her finest releases since Wrecking Ball. I love it. You won't find much rock on this one, more ballads and folk music, but with Emmylou's angelic voice, each song will speak to you and make you want to listen for more. She is truly an American icon of country music and never seems to get the recognition she deserves, but for those of us who love her music, it just gets better and better. Thank you for the music! And thank you for Bonaparte's Retreat, Emmylou. I work in animal rescue too and admire your dedication to the cause.
B000RPCK1U|5.0|This is my favorite Bond film. I was born in 90' so i was 7 when the film was released and did not see it til i was 9 and i have been a Bond fan ever since although the Daniel Craig Films are an insult the the entire franchise as they dis-credit all the original films.    Bond must stop a Media Tycoon from starting WWIII for Higher Television ratings and exclusives for his company. Armed with Expert marksmenship and nifty gadgets bond goes undercover to get close to the tycoon and runs into an old friend as well.
0783230079|4.0|This is one of Robert Downey Jr best movies up to that time. A good heart warming and funny show.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|Katy Perry hasn't been one to disappoint long-time fans (including myself) in the past. That said, she doesn't do that on her debut major-label record, 'One of the Boys'.    While many reviewers of this particular record have thrown around the words 'attention-seeker' and 'desperate' (rather loosely, I might add), I disagree. The album's tongue-in-cheek and sometimes controversial lyrics give it a unique touch among countless teen pop and bubblegum-flavored albums, which are essentially a dime a dozen in today's modern pop world. The album is hook-heavy and slickly produced, but Katy's raw, genuine talent for both singing and writing are quite apparent, mostly in the cleverness of songs like \\"Waking Up in Vegas\\" and \\"Fingerprints\\", which rank among the album's top songs. Songs like \\"I Kissed a Girl\\" and \\"Ur So Gay\\" (not-so-ironically, the album's lead singles) give the biggest dose of controversy to the album, with Katy (embarrassingly yet humorously) yelling the word \\"penis\\" at the end of the latter track.    While hardcore fans of Perry have long embraced her quirky personality, one worry that I have personally is that incoming fans may be turned off by it, especially since her persona appears on ever square inch of the record from front to back. Nonetheless, 'One of the Boys' places Katy in front of today's modern up-and-coming female solo artists such as Colbie Caillat and Sara Bareilles because the album has serious tracks (including standout \\"Thinking of You') and fun, upbeat tracks (\\"Hot N Cold\\") that combine all that is popular on Top 40 radio at the moment - pop, rock, and dance music.    In \\"Fingerprints\\", Katy sings \\"I want you to remember me\\"; well, that's exactly what I predict is going to happen for years to come. Welcome to the big leagues, Ms. Perry.
0977326403|3.0|The book seemed to have info I need but I had trouble trying to figure out out to implement the ideas of the book into my situation.
0143038419|4.0|Very insightful bits in it, but mostly a \\"chick flick\\" if it was turned into a movie. However, being a chick, I thoroughly enjoyed it. I think a lot of people are like, \\"she's surrounded by poverty and all kinds of depravation and all she can think about is herself.\\" Well, so what? It's like another reviewere said, just because there are starving kids in Somalia doesn't mean I can't worry over my sick child. sometimes you have to take care of yourself first, and that in itself can be a hard thing to do at times. The story was capturing and despite everything else, still had a lot of good insight and inspiration. I would only wish we all had that kind of money to go soul-searching whenever we needed to.
B000EK76K8|5.0|This adapter does exactly what it's supposed to do - lets you hook a large desktop monitor up to your Mac laptop. No problems.
B0000C83YJ|4.0|Colour By Numbers still holds up as Culture Club's finest album.<br /><br />By the time of its October 1983 release, \\"Church of the poison mind\\" and \\"Karma chameleon\\" were already hits, reaching no. 2 and no. 1, respectively, in the UK. The arrival of the album proper consolidated Culture Club's status as one of the most popular groups in the world.<br /><br />Some may have missed the tribal percussion elements of the first album, but the new album mined Motown (\\"Church of the poison mind\\"), country (\\"Karma chameleon\\"), and gospel (\\"That's the way\\") influences to further refine the Culture Club sound. And the songs were so much better overall.<br /><br />Helen Terry was also added to the group; her vocal presence is most notable on \\"Church of the poison mind\\", \\"Black money\\", and \\"That's the way\\". (She also features on \\"Time (Clock of the heart)\\" which was included on the US edition of Kissing To Be Clever, and on the Japanese edition of Colour By Numbers, but was just a stand-alone single in the UK.)<br /><br />The singles here are largely the best songs on the album, though I still think that \\"It's a miracle\\" made more sense in its original version as \\"It's America\\". \\"Black money\\" should have been a single, but never was. I tend to skip over \\"Changing every day\\" and \\"Stormkeeper\\", but neither song is bad.<br /><br />\\"That's the way (I'm only trying to help you)\\" is really the highlight of the album for me. It is simply piano and vocals, but the interplay between Boy George and Helen Terry makes for a riveting listen.<br /><br />I'm not fond of the remastered edition; most of the extra tracks are available elsewhere, and I find the overall sound too compressed for my taste. My recommendation would be to find a used copy of the previous CD edition, and purchase the extra tracks from this edition as separate downloads.
B000FGGE7C|5.0|Great atmospheric sci-fi with a light plot, like a twinkie. The movie lhas an 'Asian Anime' design that looks great to me. The film has more power in its style than its story, so don't look there, just enjoy the picture and accept the arcade game plot and look. Otherwise, go someplace else.<br />Great on BluRay! and DVD.
0380789027|3.0|Neil Gaiman is one of my favorite authors. Unfortunately, many of the stories included in this anthology lack the brilliance of some of the author's later stories like 'American Gods' and 'Neverwhere'.     Many of these stories are either hit or miss. Some of the best in this collection include 'Troll Bridge', 'The White Road', 'Bay Wolf', 'One Life, Furnished in Early Moorcock' 'Murder Mysteries' and 'Snow, Glass, Apples' (quite simply, one of the most disturbing tales I have ever read. I will never think of Snow White in the same way.) These stories were all as good as Gaiman's later novels and display the unlimited creativity and dark wit that I have come to associate with him.     Some that I can think of that seem to be lacking something are, 'The Goldfish Pool and Other Stories', 'Looking for the Girl', 'Cold Colors' (a headache inducing tale, to be sure) 'Changes', and 'Tastings.' These just didn't seem to click for me.     In any case, there are certainly stories in here that warrant the purchase of the Mass Market Paperback version, not limited to the ones I listed. Neil Gaiman is one of our most interesting contemporary authors, and to miss out on some of the buried treasures contained here would be a mistake.     Not his best work, but certainly worth a read.
B000YXMMAE|3.0|It seems although thom yorke hasc given up all attempts at actual words but, to his credit his vocal abilties are still present. Its as if he plays his vocal cords as an instrument, eerie mellow and undoubtably couthe. His genious is present but it feels simialar lane staleys efforts in his final years. I hoped for an angelic almost surpassing effort perhaps better than o.k computer alas.... but when alls said and done it still better than 90 percent of the s**t nowadays even if its drab by there standards. Buy it, listen too it and tell me if you still feel it cause i do---------substance_x_06611@yahoo.com
B0007R4TAS|3.0|I saw this movie when i was a very young girl and still believe it is the best pairing of the characters of Mr. Rochester and Jane through the actors of George C. Scott and Susannah York!!!   I have John Williams score on CD!!  It is a very haunting film score!!!      The DVD quality is very poor, colors are muddles and there are lines in certain parts of it!!  However, I love the film and still have my VHS copy, so the 5.00 dollar price of the DVD  is cheap and I do not feel like I have been cheated!!   It would be wonderful if this fine film would have been better transferred to DVD for the people who have never seen this film!!!
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|Cloverfield takes a fairly unoriginal plot, mashes it together with an excellent cast of (mostly) Hollywood nobodies, and allows us, the viewers, to watch through the video camera of Hudson Platt.<br /><br />I loved the way this film was done. The same shaking camera that made a lot of people dizzy just made the movie seem all the more real to me. If anything, the first person filming style personalized the movie for me (rather than making me sick, as other reviewers have claimed. I never felt dizzy or nauseous at all while watching Cloverfield, but maybe that's just me) and made it easier to relate to the characters' pain. Also, the monster was totally awesome!<br /><br />This is an instant monster-movie classic in my book. I would advise renting it first rather than going out and buying it though, just in case you're one of those people who get sick while watching it.
B000002JB8|5.0|This is an amazing work.  From start to finish.  Vangelis is just magical with his arrangements and orchestration on this album.  The starting two tracks, \\"Bon Voyage\\" and \\"Sirens' Whispering\\" are so good and run so nicely into each other.  I was hooked from the first listen.    'Oceanic' builds on itself better than most albums you will ever hear.  'Spanish Harbor' followed by 'Islands Of The Orient' and 'Fields Of Coral' is an amazing 3-hit punch of Vangelis masterpieces.  'Song Of The Seas' ends the experience with the same feel as the beginning, except by then you have been made just a little more \\"whole\\".  The entire album is a wonderful journey from start to finish, which is the best way to listen to it.    Vangelis really does take you to the ocean with this recording.  HIGHLY recommended.
B001AACEP8|5.0|I LOVE Katy Perry!!  This album is fabulous!!!  Fresh fab pop sound.  Worth checking out for sure!
0767802470|5.0|There have many submarine films but this one is simply the best.  Films featuring U.S. submarines invariably depict spacious boats with clean, well-dressed crews.<br /><br />This film is totally different.  A real effort has been made to make the viewer feel the filth, crawling vermin and the compression of men into a very small space.  You can almost smell the stink of a tiny ship out on the sea for months at a time.<br /><br />You can also smell the terror of men forced to the bottom by attacking allied warships.  You hear the rivets pop as the ship is pushed to impossible pressure limits.  You feel the grief as the dying captain watches his beloved boat sink from the effects of an allied attack on the German sub pens.<br /><br />The highest praise I can give to this film is that it became the all time favorite of my pre-adolescent sons.  They watched it time and again and, even knowing how it would all turn out, shouted warnings to the threatened crew.<br /><br />One of my sons, no doubt heavily influenced by this film, commanded his own claustrophobic \\"boat\\" in the attack on Iraq.  He commanded four Marine Corps tanks, went four days without sleep and a month without a bath.  He and his brave men, in their own way, do honor to all those submariners and tankers who fought in all the armies and navies.<br /><br />I must mention the Hunley, the first of all militarily successful submarines.  It was a Confederate invention and killed the first three crews during training.  A testament to the courage of the Confederate forces, there were no problems in finding volunteers for a third crew.  Tiny, it was propelled by a crack shaft operated by eight or nine crewmen.  There was barely enough room to move let alone crank.  Like most of its submarine successors, it travelled primarily on the surface, but the atmosphere must have been fetid.<br /><br />It's \\"warhead\\" was an explosive charge in the form of a spear mounted on the bow.  In 1864, the Hunley made its first--and last--combat run.  She sank a Federal battleship--the first ship sunk by a submarine in history--but her courageous crew never returned.  They died in Charlestown harbor.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of Mexican Conquest novels, \\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"ship--the first ship sunk by a submarine in history--but her courageous crew never returned.  They died in Charlestown harbor.    Ron Braithwaite author of Mexican Conquest novels, \\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"
0446677450|4.0|I recently purchased this book for my husband as well as several other books in the series. My husband is in the military and also takes a big interest in real estate. Since giving him the books several of the other guys in his platoon have borrowed the books and have found new passion and insite not only in real estate but their personal goals in life. Although most books in the series expand on the writers experiences in real estate, the principals can be applied to many different occupations, personal and professional goals. I highly reccomend this book to anyone feeling the \\"hamster in the wheel\\" syndrome, (running real fast but getting no where) and anyone re-evaluating or concidering a career move. If anything, it may motivate you to make a change. Maybe not into real estate but a change to better your situation.
0783240236|3.0|This Hitchcock classic simply isn't up to the horror of the original du Maurier short story--an avian world holocaust with the imminent extinction of the human race.  Hitchcock's catastrophe is apparently limited to a few miles of North California coast.<br /><br />Possibly this was done to produce a Hollywood more-or-less happy ending but it was a mistake.  That combined with the limited acting skills of some of the actors, makes this a film easy to pass over.<br /><br />Ron Braithwaite author of Mexican Conquest novels, \\"Skull Rack\\" and \\"Hummingbird God\\"
0345495004|5.0|In this novel, Nancy Horan fleshes out the very little that is known about Mamah Cheney, the love of Frank Lloyd Wright's life. She paints an unflinching portrait of an intelligent woman dedicated to literature, the woman's movement, and Frank.<br /><br />The story is very well written, and is perfect fodder for book club discussions, but I fear that most will feel as my book club did; They did not particularly like Mamah or her choices.
0780619951|2.0|I liked all the actors but I agree with another reviewer that Val Kilmers character was a little odd. I guess it made sense if you think about it and I guess they were trying to imply the rot had already set in on the island.   Most of all, I did not like the special effects and I can only think that will be more and more noticeable as the film ages.  The animal costumes and makeup looked pretty bad-more like great halloween costumes. Brando, a great actor, has never been a favorite of mine and I watched this movie because I like Kilmer.   Overall, kind of a depressing movie that I wouldn't want to watch again.
B0015UXNGC|1.0|Urghh,  I'll never forget the summer I wasted trying to get through this book.  Can you say, uh, boring? [Insert worthless footnote here].<br /><br />I think I got to page 700 or so before I stopped caring about the life of adolescent tennis pros, football punters, garbage collection, and all sorts of non-sequiters.<br /><br />Clearly the most over-rated piece of literary diarrhea ever written.  It is almost like Wallace wrote a computer program to generate massive paragraphs filled with random sentences that individually made sense, but collectively were incoherent.  And to mock the reader, he filled it with worthless footnotes that pretend to enlighten the victim of his prose, but only served to lengthen the torture he inflicted on the reader.<br /><br />I will never get those weeks that I spent reading this trash back...I was in the prime of life, and to waste it reading such garbage...arghhh!
B00005QW5X|5.0|This movie is absolutely brilliant. John Cameron Mitchell is a legend and true artist of our time. Not only did he write and direct this movie, he also stars as a stunning Hedwig. After watching the behind the scenes documentary, that is also included with the dvd, you learn a lot of the main players from the first ever stage performance of Hewig are in the cast. The guitarist in the movie is actually songwriter for the musical book of the play, Stephen Trask. John Cameron Mitchell wrote the original book and screenplay. Their genius is breathtaking. You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll want to hug John Cameron Mitchell for being so awesome. And high five him. Truly a great piece of artistic beauty.
0877180121|1.0|I have been teaching piano to children and adult beginners for five years now.  At first I picked up this \\"classic\\" for my young beginners, ages 4-7.<br />Experience has taught me that this method is tedious, slow and CONFUSING.  Too much information is thrown at the learners in the first three written pages.  Too little actual playing is done from the get-go.<br /><br />At an estate sale I found an old, out-of-print book that helped me to re-think ALL of the current piano methods.  Beginners should be taught on a single treble staff until they master most of the notes.  The non-dominant hand should be used equally or MORE than the dominant hand.<br /><br />As the child learns to read notes, then music can be written on a double treble staff.  Once melody and chords are mastered in both hands you can introduce the bass staff using the same technique.<br /><br />After the pupil has mastered all of the above then the GRAND STAFF should be introduced.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I have not found ANY published method using this method, so I handwrite music for my pupils.  Maybe I'LL have to publish my own!  LOL.
0446402389|4.0|The first 3/4 of this novel is a remarkable achievement.  The prologue is harrowing, the dialogue razor sharp and the story and characters complex and fascinating.  But perhaps the greatest strength of the novel is its setting (The Soviet Union in the early 1950's) and the premise that a serial killer could murder dozens, perhaps hundreds of children, and go undetected because of the State's unwillingness to admit that murder happens in their `utopian' state.  Murders are blamed on vagrants and Western spies or are claimed to be accidents or otherwise covered up.  The notion that a party member could commit such atrocities is contrary to the propaganda machine of the totalitarian regime.  The majority of the novel is suitably bleak and cruel and suffocating as the state clamps down on its people and thwarts any attempt to solve these crimes. (Sounds dreary I know - but trust me, it's riviting).<br /><br />Unfortunately I didn't care for the ending.  There is the contrived plot twist that was completely unnecessary, but totally predictable - but I could live with that.  And then the common folk rally behind our heroes, at great risk to their communities, to help in ways that seemed a little too 'warm and fuzzy' to me - but I could live with that too.<br /><br />What I really struggled with was the aftermath.  I don't want to ruin the ending for anyone, but suffice it to say that many things get resolved in a completely improbable, sentimental way that is completely out of sync with the realistic, dark tone of the rest of the novel.<br /><br />I know I am probably in the minority here but I would have liked an ending that evoked Orwell's 1984.  I suppose most people like a happy ending and I can't help but feel that Smith compromised in order to pander to them.  To me, the aftermath sabotaged the novel.  It just didn't fit with the tone of the novel.<br /><br />The dilemma: How do you rate a novel that captivates you so fully, only to frustrate you in the end?  To put this in context, the first part of Child 44 isn't just good.  It's `Mystic River' good.  It's `Silence of the Lambs' good.  This could have been one of the best novels ever written.<br /><br />In the end, I settled on 4 stars.  The majority of this novel is too good to be ranked any lower and the ending (the last sentence of the novel is so sappy it makes me cringe to think about it) is so frustrating I can't bring myself to award it 5 stars.  Regardless of my whining, this is still a great novel, well worth reading.  (Of course, if you like a tidy, happy ending, you'll love the aftermath and feel all `warm and glowy' while you read the final page).<br /><br />Am I the only one who didn't like the ending?  In the comment section I have provided a synopsis of the ending I would have liked to have seen (don't read the comments if you haven't read the novel yet)t part of Child 44 isn't just good.  It's `Mystic River' good.  It's `Silence of the Lambs' good.  This could have been one of the best novels ever written.      In the end, I settled on 4 stars.  The majority of this novel is too good to be ranked any lower and the ending (the last sentence of the novel is so sappy it makes me cringe to think about it) is so frustrating I can't bring myself to award it 5 stars.  Regardless of my whining, this is still a great novel, well worth reading.  (Of course, if you like a tidy, happy ending, you'll love the aftermath and feel all `warm and glowy' while you read the final page).    Am I the only one who didn't like the ending?  In the comment section I have provided a synopsis of the ending I would have liked to have seen (don't read the comments if you haven't read the novel yet)
006135323X|5.0|This is a very good book with rational explanations of the irrational paths we trod.  Thanks Dan for letting a wrenching personal experience evolve into a wonderful expose of actual human thinking and endeavor.
B001675YQ6|3.0|An offbeat comedy treat that will entertain some viewers and annoy others.  There are some enjoyable humorous scenes and some touching romantic moments but this movie is not for everyone.<br /><br />Brittany Murphy's performance is pretty good, but Matthew Rhys seems to shine more brightly in this talented but quirky ensemble cast.  The chemistry between Brittany and Santiago Cabrera, while leading to a predictable outcome, is endearing and at times downright funny.<br /><br />Give this one a chance and you might be pleasantly surprised.
B00005JPNY|5.0|I hope the american viewers realized that it depends on them whether there will be sequels or not. So go buy the DVD!  Honestly, there are many who say the film isn't good or perfect, yes this is true, but just with good dvd sales numbers we can get the opportunity that we can see a much more better Director's Cut and two Sequels.  And don't get confused what the church is telling. It's just a movie and you yourself should decide what you watch.    So go and help the Fans to see a much better movie and to continue the trilogy.
B00003CXCD|5.0|The DVD arrived quickly and in new condition.  We enjoyed reviewing it very much. It was Audrey Hepburn's first starring role in a movie and the first movie shot on location.  Great movie.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I really wanted the album to be great..I am sad to say Priest dropped the ball on this one..23 songs on Nostradamus!!..Trust me I own every Priest album, and bootleg.Have been a Die hard fan since I discovered there music in 1990 at the age of 12..Turbo is a classic compared to this.
B0000X61UU|4.0|I have done this workout for years, recently switching from VHS to DVD. I get a good workout and don't have to try to keep up with some crazy dance routine. And the hosts are less annoying than some I've seen.    It does have a lot of jumping, so it's higher impact than I'd like, but I wear my shoes and work out on carpet and that's enough to help.
B000Y179KO|5.0|Simply stated, like women and fine red wine, The Eagles have only improved with age!
0399230033|5.0|We love this book.  The art is great and the story is fun.  My kids love to go through and follow the mouse, follow the balloon, identify the different animals, etc.  My son's favorite part is the different voices I use for the animals saying Good Night.  But one thing makes us sad - we check off all the animals' dollies (they find the armadillo's hysterical) but we cannot find a dolly for the lion!!  I tell them maybe he's sitting on it.  Surely he has one.<br /><br />At any rate, we love this book and would not hesitate to recommend it.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This is pure Metal imposible give 1 - 3 start is a 10 start, priest is back one more time to stay in the top best record of the year
B0000844M8|5.0|[[ASIN:B0000844M8 Born Free]] This movie was great when it was in the theatres and it is great on DVD. A good print well preserved and the sound intact. In widescreen it is great so you can experience the vastness of the landscape.    The story is great. It is a pleasure to watch over and over. They should make more movies like this one.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|I think it is fantastic for a grand band like Priest to show off their dynamics as a band and this CD does just that. It shows maturity and what a metal band can produce besides fast screaming music every time they put out a new CD. Thank you Judas Priest for showing me the next level of your abilities as a band. I've been a fan since'78 after hearing \\"Stained Class\\" at a friends house. I welcome the change.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|Saw this movie for the first time the other night. The trailer is incredibly misleading in that it leads you to believe this will be an action packed movie.  The only good thing this movie had going for it were the special effects. The action shots were few and far between, and it dragged on in places, especially throughout the first hour. I felt like I was watching the Ferris Bueller remake of Godzilla from the standpoint of the people being squashed in the street.    If I had seen this in the theater, I would have walked out. The largest complaint I have read about this movie is the shaky hand-held camera movements. I didn't have a problem with that. What really bothered me was the lack of anything happening.
B000301YY8|4.0|I will admit i'm not the biggest fan of james blunt, mainly because i didn't really like his voice, but i do think that everything else in his music makes up for it, the same way when i listen to singers like michael bolton who doesn't have the best voice either compared to the smooth clean voices of a boy band like the backstreet boys. but the lyrics which he writes with passion all make james blunt a true star.    I love his song \\"your beautiful\\", some of the lyrics in his songs are sad like \\"goodbye my lover\\", I'm not the biggest fan of sad songs either but they sure have their place in music of course as with all other emotions in life, this is a good cd to listen to on a lazy sunday or chilling out on a late night
1423101464|5.0|I enjoyed reading this with and to my son. The engaging character of Percy Jackson and those of his companions make this an interesting romp through modern myth, with the educational benefit of having visible roots in older myths. Do not pass these books by, as you will not regret reading a single one of them.
055299703X|5.0|I must be honest and say that I started this book in tandem with another just because I didn't think I'd be terribly interested in the subject matter, much as I love Bryson.  By the end of the second chapter, I wanted to book a ticket on the next flight to Perth.  The flora, fauna and folks that inhabit this wondrous country intrigue me strangely.<br /><br />Bill Bryson is one of the funniest writers I have ever encountered.  I find myself reading bits aloud to my husband at the slightest hint of encouragement.  I challenge anyone to read his discussion of running through a park trying to get away from some scary dogs, and ending up in an unsuspecting housewife's back garden, without laughing out loud.  If you can get through that section without giggling, you have nerves of steel.<br /><br />I learned a great deal about Australia that I never, ever had heard before.  This is a criminally neglected area of the world and I would love to find out more.  What better place to start than with Bill Bryson.  Highly recommended.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|This wonderful film has at last been restored to its original cinematic glory. I went to the Rialto in Leicester Square, London (where the film had been premiered) to see it in 1979, and this DVD brought the whole terrific experience back to me. TKAA was butchered for VHS release, with many little details thrown out: In many ways, the details are what makes the story of The Who fascinating. They highlight personality traits of all four members: Moon's reckless lunacy, Daltrey's pragmatic presence, Entwistle's wry stoicism and Townshend's restless energy. Of course the concert and TV footage is priceless. Any rock fan will be enthralled watching this. You don't have to be a Who fanatic. God bless the 'Orrible 'Ooo!
0780626494|4.0|Something I could show with my Mom in the room, plus I really loved it.
B00066N8JS|5.0|...Wow.  I really don't know where to even begin.<br /><br />All I can say, is that this album was made for Super Audio CD (SACD) - Trent and his crew really brought this album to life.<br /><br />Here's my setup:<br /><br />Denon DVD-2910 (DVD Audio-Video/Super Audio CD player)<br />Onkyo A/V Receiver TX-SR800 with 5.1 surround sound (with two center speakers)<br /><br />...and I'm listening to this album at a fairly loud volume as I type this.<br /><br />This is my first SACD purchase and I couldn't be happier with my decision to buy it.  The Downward Spiral was (for me) a 90's classic; the album is jam-packed with so much raw energy and emotion.  In fact, there were many times I felt my speakers couldn't handle all the sound, and because of this I often thought that the music never sounded like it should.  I often thought that Reznor simply put way too much into each song (samples, loops, random noises..etc.) because you couldn't always hear everything that was going on, making you feel slightly disappointed.<br /><br />That was then, and this is now.  And boy how times have changed, the SACD version of The Downward Spiral is not only mind-blowing in sound quality, but it simply makes sense to re-create such a complex album in high definition.  The multichannel digital re-mastering of each individual song brings an entire new sound to the same old songs you know and love, making it practically impossible for you (the listener) to NOT hear anything new.  It is very clear that Reznor and his crew have done A LOT of work on these songs, assigning channels to all the different sounds, drones, bass-lines, guitar riffs, drums, vocals that were previously forced to be spread across only 2-channels (left and right).  I kid you not, these songs all sound incredibly different from the originals, but ironically they sound the way you always thought they should sound: audible.  For example, did you know there was a repeating bass-line at the end of eraser?  One that shook your entire house?  I think not.  The same goes for Reznor's voice; you can actually hear him loud and clear on every song.<br /><br />In summary, if you own (or have access to) a Super Audio CD player and a 5.1 surround sound setup, this is one album that will not disappoint, period.  The audio is loud, sharp, in-your-face, and all-around-you, what else more could you want from Nine Inch Nails?<br /><br />If you don't own a SACD player, you will still hear a definite improvement of sound from the original recording.  All hybrid SACD's (including this one) come with a standard CD layer designed for playback in a standard CD player and have been re-mastered in stereo and Dolby Pro-Logic surround sound, something that the original recording was not.<br /><br />Fantastic job to all who was involved in the high definition re-production of this album.
B000VDDWDS|4.0|Compared to the standard edition DVD Master and Commander looks even sharper.  The big difference between two editions is the sound.  My player only does the DTS-HD (6 bit) sound instead of the DTS_HD Master Audio (24.5 bit) sound.  Still the difference between the standard DTS (1.5 bit) is amazing.  You can really feel the difference.  If you have a good or better sound system, you'll really notice the difference!
0307387178|4.0|It seems to me that many have missed the point of this book by Krakauer, which is a journalistic assessment of a young man, not unlike many in today's up and coming generation, who views the world as a sort of extended Disneyland.  McCandless' adventures are tainted by his own egocentric methods of refusing to listen to good advice, to learn anything useful about what he is planning to do (for many have done it before), and to literally avoid information that might help him prepare, all in an effort to naively increase \\"the adventure.\\"  It may be a sign of an ever-shrinking world, when those looking for the next adventures must heighten the effect of it by being intentionally naive about what they are doing, and by avoiding all guidance or knowledge.  Those that cite McCandless as intelligent may be missing the point about intelligence.  Intelligence is not something you gain in college, or that you are naturally gifted with from birth; it is a factor in how you deal with your own experience of the world.   Intelligence is exactly what McCandless was lacking.  He survives longer than he probably would have with even a slightly different turn of events.  It is not too far to go to say that he had a latent suicidal tendency, a deathwish (his eating habits alone suggest this), and fulfilled it slowly over the course of a few years.  What is dangerous in our attempts to make heroes of such young men, of such actions, is that in Romanticizing the death of these individuals we fail to see the difference when someone actually does perform beyond their capabilities to achieve selfless ends.  Krakauer's book is a must read, but we must also read what its author is saying about the society that produces such new adventurers.  This kind of faulty idealism should not be deified but examined for the uncanny sense of disaster it presages in a self-satisfied society.
B0010X745K|1.0|Spoiler alert (maybe)    It pains me to say that this movie was horribly disappointing. But I'm trying to be as honest as possible. I've been a Stephen King fan for over 15 years, and \\"The Mist\\" is very possibly my favorite Stephen King story of all time. It contained great insight into human reaction (people actually coped with stressful situations differently and their attitudes changed over time rather than immediately). Also, (and this is what most Hollywood movie-makers don't get) it contained suspense. True suspense. The use of subtlety and the probing of our imaginations is what makes things such as this more entertaining. What all the Mist creates, how it was done, where it came from, etc. is all left up to the reader to draw his/her own conclusions. The way the book leaves off, again, is inconclusive and is left to the reader to imagine his/her own ending.    Instead of great character understanding and creepy undertones (creepy, in my book, being that which is never fully understood but known to be far from good), we are given your average B-rate horror movie with unbelievably irrational characters (half the time it feels like instead of someone's views being changed by logic and assessment they are changed through unprovoked mood swings), and next to no suspenseful moments. As in most horror movies, situations that may have actually been surprising are drained of that opportunity due to visual/music cues that take more away from the entertainment value than it adds.    As I've hinted at earlier, the cause of the Mist is clearly defined in the movie (which I find funny, as there never existed a clear explanation prior to the film). An explanation of which adds to the comedy of the film (seriously, how many other movies used that explanation over and over and over again?)    And the conclusion was also final. Instead of letting the optimists believe that things would be better, and the pessimists believing that it was just a matter of time before the main characters were killed by the creatures in the Mist, we are given a downer conclusion that doesn't have much merit and is obviously a cheap attempt at shock value. Though the ending of the movie is suggested as a possible future outcome in the book, it is really just seems to be mentioned more as a passing thought. The book never draws that conclusion blatantly as the average reader would see that it would take a lot for David Drayton to lose his rationale and do something that extreme, until the last possible moment.    All in all I think Frank Darabont should've left this one alone. How he could make such amazing movies out of Shawshank and the Green Mile and then turn around and forget to use such tools as the element of surprise (so that it's actually surprising) and character progression to make an entertaining movie. Instead, I think he was too concerned with specialized social commentary and adapting the plot to show 2008 rather than the original 1980, to bother himself with making a film that wisely showed the timeless quality of human perspective and just how much differently one can react compared to another. But, as this movie has proven to me, it's easier for a director to ignore thought and make a poor movie than it is to take the time to show thought and create an excellent movie.    I guess if you don't mind buying movies that offer the same thing over and over again and doesn't mind insulting your intelligence, then this movie is for you. But if you want entertainment that has more substance, that has suspense, then save some money and buy the book.    Thank God I only rented this.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This record is much more creative than X&Y. It is not really this revolutionary thing like everyone is saying, I feel like they are back more to their creative Parachutes days instead of the boredom of X&Y. Its good though you should get it.
B00026WU82|5.0|It seems hard to believe now both as to the performer as well as to what was being attempted that anyone would take umbrage at a performer using an electric guitar to tell a folk story (or any story for that matter). It is not necessary to go into all the details of what or what did not happen with Pete Seeger at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 to know that one should be glad, glad as hell, that Bob Dylan continued to listen to his own drummer and carry on a career based on electronic music.    Others have, endlessly, gone on about Bob Dylan's role as the voice of his generation (and mine), his lyrics and what they do or do not mean and his place in the rock or folk pantheons, or both.  I just want to mention a couple of points here. Any song that starts out like Desolation Row with the line- \\" They are selling post cards of the hanging, they're painting the passports brown\\" will automatically get my attention every time- and keep it through over 11 minute of stream of consciousness, word play and harmonica energy. If I had to pick my number one favorite Dylan song (and the one that I have listened to the most) this is the one. Start me off with the \\"When you are lost in the rain in Juarez \\" of Tom Thumbs Blues as an appetizer and I am all set for a while. How is that for back-to-back treats- harmonica thrown in gratis?    Having mentioned my two favorites on this album I have hardly completed comment. I am not sure whether Bob Dylan was the voice of the generation of '68, or whether he wanted to be. However, few can deny that Like A Rolling Stone was one of the anthems of our generation- with or without  direction home. Highway 61 Revisited, the title track, has over the years gone up in my estimation as a song with an interesting story line (yes, who was doing what down on Highway 61) and a very rock beat. Of course, with Dylan one needs some thoughts of lost love, longing and perfidy so Queen Jane Approximately fits the bill. Well, I could go on and on but youget the point this is a Dylan album you must own. More than that though if you want to get a feel for the trials and tribulations of the 1960's by one of its best troubadours you NEED this album.
B0018AK9RK|4.0|I thought Nostradamus was the best priest album in a while. The past few albums I guess they have been trying to transition into the future and compete with the hard core bands, but the music just hasn't been as good as some other past albums in my opinion.      Judas Priest's Nostradamus is a really classy entertaining way of expressing Nostradamus' story and much more.  Don't judge it on the basis of a regular rock album, a lot of critics are saying \\"oh they get some designer to create elaborate album art and don't have any talent to back it up.\\" (thats like most bands these days that they are listening to), I don't think thats the case at all.  The instrumental composure of every song is excellent all though I kind of didn't like the tracks new beginnings, lost love and exiled due to the melody of the vocals, I thought it was a good album.  The double album contains a booklet with lyrics and some really nice album art.You can't get all the songs electronically, if your a Priest fan it's a good investment to buy it, well worth it for the remaining songs. If your into dark emotional classical music pieces and metal this album is mandatory for your collection.
B00026WU64|5.0|In reviewing Bob Dylan's 1965 classic album Bringing All Back Home (you know, the one where he went electric) I noted that it seemed hard to believe now that both as to the performer as well as to what was being attempted that anyone would take umbrage at a performer using an electric guitar to tell a folk story (or any story for that matter).  I further pointed out that it is not necessary to go into all the details of what or what did not happen with Pete Seeger at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 to know that one should be glad, glad as hell, that Bob Dylan continued to listen to his own drummer and carry on a career based on electronic music.    Others have, endlessly, gone on about Bob Dylan's role as the voice of his generation (and mine), his lyrics and what they do or do not mean and his place in the rock or folk pantheons, or both. Here we are going back to the early days when there was no dispute that he had earned a place in the folk pantheon. The only real difference between the early stuff and the later electric stuff  though is- the electricity. Dylan's extraordinary sense of words, language and word play has been a constant throughout his career. If much later ( in the 1990's) he gets a bit repetitious and a little gimmicky in order to stay \\"relevant\\" that is only much later after he had done more than his share to add to the language of music.    In this selection we have some outright folk classics that will endure for the ages like those of his early hero Woody Guthrie's have endured. Blowing in the Wind still sounds good and makes sense as an anthem of change - especially today when some serious social tasks remain to be accomplished.  Yes, the answer my friend is blowing in the wind (and in other locales, as well).  Also here showing Dylan's, sometimes disavowed, country roots is a very nice although Johnny Cash-less Girl From the North County. No anti-war song is more powerful than Masters of War- none. Anyone can write the easy peace songs about Where Have All The Flowers Gone and Give Peace a Chance but to really understand and really get mad about what we are up against you need to listen to this song. Pearl Jam covered it later for a reason- we still need to drive the warmongers from their marketplaces.     Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall hits right where you live, the lyrics could have come out of out of today's newspaper front pages (or Internet updates). The cover of the old blues classic Corrina, Corrina is fine. Another Dylan classic Don't Think Twice, It's All Right, about the never-ending subject of lost love and longing is as well. There are a few topical songs from that time that might not make sense today- but topicals by footloose troubadours have always been a part of the folk tradition-as it is safe to say is Mr. Dylan.
B0009F9O6W|5.0|This disc easily earns 5 stars right out of the gate.  It takes a bit of getting used to, as it is very eccentric, very British prog rock, but it is well worth the effort.  The album starts off with \\"Lemmings\\" which features alot of sax from David Jackson, an excellent start I must say, it just rocks, the keyboard floating in the background is stunning.  Next comes the anthem \\"Man-Erg\\" which features guitar work from Robert Fripp of King Crimson fame.  It's a deep, introspective look at our worse and better natures.  Peter Hammill does an outstanding job on vocals with this.  Very good track, it goes without saying.  Next is the epic \\"A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers\\", clocking in at 23:05, it's time to take a deep breath and completely go over the edge.  It's a long track, but holds together very well.<br /><br />The bonus tracks are a real plus, unlike many times when they are not.  They add to the dark, edgy feel of an already outstanding album.<br /><br />If you've never heard Van der graaf Generator, this is an outstanding place to start, it's classic prog rock at it's very best, and well worth every penny.  5 stars!
B0009MAP9A|5.0|In reviewing Bob Dylan's 1965 classic album Bringing All Back Home (you know, the one where he went electric) I noted that it seemed hard to believe now that both as to the performer as well as to what was being attempted that anyone would take umbrage at a performer using an electric guitar to tell a folk story (or any story for that matter).  I further pointed out that it is not necessary to go into all the details of what or what did not happen with Pete Seeger at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 to know that one should be glad, glad as hell, that Bob Dylan continued to listen to his own drummer and carry on a career based on electronic music.    Others have, endlessly, gone on about Bob Dylan's role as the voice of his generation (and mine), his lyrics and what they do or do not mean and his place in the rock or folk pantheons, or both. Here we are going back to the early days when there was no dispute that he had earned a place in the folk pantheon. The only real difference between the early stuff and the later electric stuff though is- the electricity. Dylan's extraordinary sense of words, language and word play has been a constant throughout his career. If much later (in the 1990's) he gets a bit repetitious and a little gimmicky in order to stay \\"relevant\\" that is only much later after he had done more than his share to add to the language of music.    In this selection we have some outright folk classics that will endure for the ages like those of his early hero Woody Guthrie's have endured. The Times They are A-Changing still sounds good today although the generational tensions and the alienation from authorities highlighted there is markedly less now than than in those days-not a good thing, by the way. The Ballad of Hollis Brown is a powerful tale out of John Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath about the plight of an up against the wall family farmer out on the then hard hit praries (and it has only gotten worst since and Dylan made one of his periodic 'comebacks' doing this song at a FarmAid concert in the 1980's).     With God On Our Side like Masters of War is a powerful anti-war song although some of the tensions of the Cold War period in which it was written have gone (only to replaced today by the fears generated by the `war on terrorism'). Only A Pawn In Their Game was a powerful expression of rage after the murder of civil rights worker Medgar Evers. The Hattie Carroll song shows Dylan's range by dealing with injustice from a different perspective (and a different class) than Only A Pawn In Their Game. But with no let up in racial discrimination in either case. Finally, in reviewing these early Dylan albums (and some of the  later ones, as well) I have noticed that they are not complete without  at least one song about lost love, longing for love or betrayal of that emotion. Here, there is no exception to that rule  with the haunting, pleading voice of Boots of Spanish Leather.
0743270754|3.0|A wonderful account of the Lincoln presidency and the man himself.  Probably because there has been so much written about Lincoln and it would be almost impossible to come up with anything new, the author chose as her primary context the team that Lincoln assembled to help him steer the country through its darkest hours.  As a fresh and interesting perspective on his administration it works.  If I have a complaint - and it's relatively minor - it is that the book veers into hagiography: it's hard to find any criticism of Lincoln anywhere.  Can he really have been that perfect?  I doubt it.  But what unexpectedly shines through is the man's humanity. The account of his tragic end and the profound sorrow of his colleagues and his country also left this reader with a sense of loss. No mean feat for an author telling such an old and well-knowm story.
B00026WU7I|5.0|It seems hard to believe now both as to the performer as well as to what was being attempted that anyone would take umbrage at a performer using an electric guitar to tell a folk story (or any story for that matter). It is not necessary to go into all the details of what or what did not happen with Pete Seeger at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 to know that one should be glad, glad as hell, that Bob Dylan continued to listen to his own drummer and carry on a career based on electronic music.    This is probably one of the strongest Dylan albums from first song to last that he ever recorded. Its virtue lies in the story-like quality of each song that, unlike some earlier unsuccessful attempts to tell a story in song, clicks here. Starting with the dream-like, forlorn tattered romance in Tangled Up In Blue that one knows can only lead to sorrow everything moves higher from there. Idiot Winds as close to knowing how Dylan will really feel in a relationship. The quietly beautiful, haunting message of If You See Her, Say Hello (`I had always respected here for getting free.'). And the finale Buckets of Rain is well done (if not as well done as Dave Van Ronk's mournful cover, well done nevertheless). If you like high symbolism, a la the French poets Rimbaud and Verlaine in your lyrics this one is for you.
B0015XASFS|5.0|My husband and I have watched the DVD numerous times, usually with the sound turned up so it feels like we're back in Atlanta at the live concert. Josh and crew put on a stunning performance and it was captured on the DVD. It's so fantastic that I'm afraid we'll wear it out so I've purchased multiple copies to make sure we'll always have one.
B0009MAP90|4.0|In reviewing Bob Dylan's 1965 classic album Bringing All Back Home (you know, the one where he went electric) I noted that it seemed hard to believe now that both as to the performer as well as to what was being attempted that anyone would take umbrage at a performer using an electric guitar to tell a folk story (or any story for that matter).  I further pointed out that it is not necessary to go into all the details of what or what did not happen with Pete Seeger at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 to know that one should be glad, glad as hell, that Bob Dylan continued to listen to his own drummer and carry on a career based on electronic music.    Others have, endlessly, gone on about Bob Dylan's role as the voice of his generation (and mine), his lyrics and what they do or do not mean and his place in the rock or folk pantheons, or both. Here we are going back to the early days when there was no dispute that he had earned a place in the folk pantheon. The only real difference between the early stuff and the later electric stuff though is- the electricity. Dylan's extraordinary sense of words, language and word play has been a constant throughout his career. If much later (in the 1990's) he gets a bit repetitious and a little gimmicky in order to stay \\"relevant\\" that is only much later after he had done more than his share to add to the language of music.    In this selection we have some outright folk classics that Dylan covered as well as a couple of his own that will endure for the ages like those of his early hero Woody Guthrie's have endured.  In fact this album is as much a tribute to Woody as it is a wake up call that a new folk talent has come on the scene. Dylan gets better in latter albums as he develops his own voice but this mainly cover debut album shows his raw talent coming out of the gate. We have the traditional House of the Rising Sun, Pretty Peggy-o, Man of Constant Sorrow, Elizabeth Cotton's Freight Train and a very good cover of Blind Lemon Jefferson's See That My Grave is Kept Clean. Song to Woody though kind of expresses what Dylan is trying to do as he first hits the New York folk scene and see if he can stay in Woody's company. We know the answer was eventually yes.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|Donna Summer's \\"Crayons\\" is an amazing return to form by this great singer.  \\"Stamp Your Feet\\" is perched at #1 in my personal top ten.  It's a great track that Donna co-wrote.  I haven't seen a lyric sheet, but it sounds like she's singing \\"Make a big a*s sound!\\"  That's my story & I'm sticking to it.  ...Anyway that's what I'm singing as I drive along the road!  The title track with Ziggy Marley bounces so joyfully that it's the perfect summer song.  I may be wearing out the repeat button on the chorus, \\"Take a walk on the wild side, Don't be afraid, you could be mine.\\"  \\"The Queen Is Back\\" sounds like a musical biography referencing her hit \\"On the Radio,\\" \\"She walks into the room & everybody knows, it's not a day too soon, she stands & strikes her pose.\\"  What a dynamic dramatic track! I also love \\"Drivin' Down Brazil\\" with its samba beat and Summer's expressive vocals.  Other tracks like the 7-minute \\"I'm A Fire\\" and \\"Science of Love\\" are also excellent.  This is a disc that is sure to be on my \\"best of 2008\\" list.  Bravo!
1845761502|5.0|With the recent death of Stan Winston I immediately set out to find this book seeing as how I had put off buying the book since it came out.  No one seemed to carry it and thus Amazon came through, with the cheapest price, as well.  Stan Winston was a genuis in character design and creation.  I have idolized his work since I first saw his name on the end credits of Jurassic Park when I was in 2nd grade.  One of my heroes, it is sad to see him go in a quiet whisper, but fitting to someone who always was behind the magic.
B001AU8ZLK|4.0|There's not really anything new here. But it's solid, and has a catchyness to it. Reserve judgment until you have heard it a few times. This album, much more than the others, reminds me of the Doves' [[ASIN:B000065SXM The Last Broadcast]].
0739365894|2.0|I thought I could rely on Jack Reacher to escape these leftwing anti-everything nuisances' that try to shove their politics down my throat every time I turn on the TV or go to the movies. I'm so tired of these authors, etc pushing politics in there so-called work. I hope Child doesn't join the ranks of King, Grisham, Baldacci, Iles, etc. This book and this whole topic makes me sleepy...
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Coldplay opts to strip the sound down on their fourth album, peeling back the lushness of [[ASIN:B0006L16N8 X&Y]] to a more [[ASIN:B0000508U6 Parachutes]] bareness. It works wonders on \\"Viva La Vida,\\" a solid album that finds the band expanding their range emotionally and musically.<br /><br />Chris Martin has long been a socially aware performer, and this time the lyrics reflect it. Even if you may have to dig in a bit, the line \\"a carnival of idiots on show\\" was reportedly added to the anti-war \\"Violet Hill\\" after Martin watched an episode of Bill O'Reilly on Faux News. Far less oblique is \\"I don't want a cycle of recycled revenge\\" from the finale, \\"Death and All His Friends.\\" Throughout \\"Viva La Vida,\\" phrases and words bring out references to love, war, God and spirit.<br /><br />The band, along with producers Brian Eno, Markus Draves and Rik Simpson, rise to the higher aspirations. Eno seems to be the obvious influence on the instrumental opener, \\"Life In Technicolor,\\" with a middle eastern dulcimer surging to the front of the album. Guitarist Johnny Buckland seems to be given more direct passages to play without the walls of sound that would bury him on \\"X&Y\\" or [[ASIN:B000069AUI A Rush of Blood to the Head]]. Instead of reaching for an obvious hook, the sound washes throughout the album with insinuating subtlety. Granted, the melodies are still majestic (the title track in particular) and the choruses built for stadiums, but the songs on \\"Viva\\" have more focus.<br /><br />Martin is in fine voice, warm and certainly in his comfort zone. He can still whisper and soar, but he also seems to be warming up to the fact that he can be nuanced as well. \\"Lost!\\" is the best example of Martin teasing out his range, ducking the incessant [[ASIN:B000002UJQ Radiohead]] or [[ASIN:B0006399FS U2]] comparisons and tapping his inner [[ASIN:B000065VB0 Peter Gabriel]]. This willingness on his part (and Coldplay's as a band) makes \\"Viva La Vida\\" an excellent album, on a par with their best works.
B00004CPEL|5.0|This is the most powerful work of documentation. I doubt if much more can be said about it.
1567184855|5.0|As a hypnotherapist myself, I help the people who come to me to get past current blocks they are experiencing by reaching deep into their sub/super conscious to find a greater interpretation for the life they seem to be living. Dr. Newton's work is outstanding in that he takes the opportunity of interviewing these greater interpretations through the clients he sees, and constructs a comprehensible framework for that life we experience inbetween our earthly lives, for us all to learn from. He presents clearly what happens to us after we die, how we choose and prepare for our next life on earth, and what happens to as we are born. Presented sympathetically and interestingly, this is a must read for anyone seeking a larger picture for their current circumstances!
B0016AJU2C|1.0|As a huge Alanis fan, waiting 4 years for a new studio album with new material was frustrating and sad to say not worth it. This album has two great songs, underneath and Straight jacket, the rest, including the onus disc are missing the usual Alanis emotion.they are quite mundate, boring and unlike her previous work bring no emotion or excitement to the listener. I really think she should get rid of Guy Sigsworth and find someone else to work with in the future. His influence is not going to help her lagging record sales putting out a pulseless release such as flavors.Alanis, please bring back some emotion! Anger, Joy, Fear , Gratitude, something we can enjoy. Alanis is an amazing talent, please pick up any one of her other albums and you wont be disappointed!
B000W94FIW|5.0|One thing you will hear over and over is that once you pick up one book by Coelho, you end up reading them all.  I, like so many, started with the Alchemist and was just blown away.  I approached this book, as I do all of Coelho's creations, with anticipation and VERY high expectations.  Anyone capable of the writing the Alchemist has the potential for great things.  My anticipation was justified by this poignant, and very touching book.  This is Coelho at his best.  An intensely personal tale that must be read and lived
0679720200|5.0|Camus was well known for defending values of justice, freedom and human dignity, I don't think his great work \\"the stranger\\" was a negative portrayal of human life in any way. The stranger is simply Camus' way of presenting his philosophy of absurdity in a very artistic, logical way.<br /><br />Camus's absurdist philosophy implies that life has no rational meaning, and there isn't a rational reason for the order of events in this world, therefore existence itself is absurd, which of course would contradict all religious beliefs that there is a divine reason for everything that happens and that life itself is divine. However, Camus in pursuit of his absurdist philosophy never believed that the absence of meaning in our lives should push humans into despair and agony, rather he believed in humans dignity under the pressure of this indifferent world.<br /><br />The stranger, or the main character of the novel: Meursault, who lived in Algiers, (Algiers was a French colony, Albert Camus was born there) is an emotionally indifferent person, who moves through life reacting to no event, even his mother's death. Meursault doesn't believe in God and doesn't have any emotional attachment to anything or anybody. Meursault on the other hand is an honest person who doesn't lie about his feelings and tells it as he sees it; he's simply a person with no hidden agendas and no mysterious motives.<br /><br />Meursault's life exists as a series of random events with seemingly no logic to why or when the event occur, not even his marriage decision or the support that he gives to certain friends seem logical. For no clear motive or reason, Meursault commits a murder and is taken to prison. The trial that takes place in the second part of the book is the most intense and mentally engaging part of Camus' stranger.<br /><br />The main focus of the trial shifts radically from the murder to an analysis of Meursault's character: his atheism, his lack of emotions at his mom's funeral, his brief interactions with people he met at his mom's funeral and even his conversation with the priest who came to prison to redeem Meursault and ask him to take Jesus as his savior. The court is trying to find the reason behind this irrational crime, just like society and religion are trying to find reason behind irrational events of life.<br /><br />Meursault is sentenced to death and pressured again by the priest to choose religion before he dies. At this point, Meursault, who was never emotional about any thing in his life, becomes very emotional about his rejection of religion and accepts death as the only destiny awaiting all humans. Getting rid of all hope, and accepting death was the only conclusion that allowed Meursault his inner peace.<br /><br />At a time of intense intellectual confusion after the second world war, Camus is not to be blamed for thinking that existence was absurd, at a time where lives are being lost for no reason and religion was being misused all over the world for political ,controlling, and non spiritual reasons.  If the reader is interested in philosophy, religion, or literature, the stranger is a fascinating journey into the human mind and an exploration of life's purpose.t at his mom's funeral and even his conversation with the priest who came to prison to redeem Meursault and ask him to take Jesus as his savior. The court is trying to find the reason behind this irrational crime, just like society and religion are trying to find reason behind irrational events of life.     Meursault is sentenced to death and pressured again by the priest to choose religion before he dies. At this point, Meursault, who was never emotional about any thing in his life, becomes very emotional about his rejection of religion and accepts death as the only destiny awaiting all humans. Getting rid of all hope, and accepting death was the only conclusion that allowed Meursault his inner peace.    At a time of intense intellectual confusion after the second world war, Camus is not to be blamed for thinking that existence was absurd, at a time where lives are being lost for no reason and religion was being misused all over the world for political ,controlling, and non spiritual reasons.  If the reader is interested in philosophy, religion, or literature, the stranger is a fascinating journey into the human mind and an exploration of life's purpose.
B00005LC1H|5.0|This show was and remains lightyears ahead of anything on American TV.  From start to finsih, it is sheer brilliance.  The ebtire case is hysterical and the chemistry between the characters is just obvious.  Who doesn't remember the Rat inspector episode?  How can one forget Mrs. Richards????  Is that a piece of your brain????  This is the best comedy ever produced;  Cleese is a genius!!
B0017ZB8M6|2.0|It's no surprise that the ghost of Alannis wanders throughout this album, since Glen Ballard was on production duties. Unfortunately, Perry is no Morrisette. Perry has lots of bark but little bite, and One of the Boys is firmly targeted at the teenage crowd who will probably enjoy it a lot. But for the rest of us, there isn't much to sink your teeth into.<br /><br />The beats are catchy, and the choruses will probably stick in your head for a while. But ultimately, it's the kind of album you may listen to a lot and find stuck in a CD binder years later. You sit there and stare at it for a few moments, wondering if it's worth another spin. And you usually decide it isn't.<br /><br />Personally, I think it's a little too polished to really rock out, and the lyrics are generally clever posturing instead of having the subversion strongly suggested by getting Madonna's seal of approval. She has a great, throaty voice that slips easily in and out of falsetto. But the package is over-produced, frankly. This slick, meticulous engineering is constantly at odds with her adventurism, to the point where you wonder how much substance is underneath all the stifling gloss and flourish.<br /><br />I think she could have a really hot album on her hands -- if and when she cuts herself free from the Starmaker Machine. If she stays on this path, she'll probably make a lot of money from touring and another album or two, and shovel more money into the coffers of people like Ballard. Then her fan base matures and starts listening to other stuff. And unless you're a Madonna, you're not going to be able to adapt.<br /><br />If she could make a real rock album, instead of this bubblegum hybrid, who knows. Sky's the limit. Joan Jett's the only one who's gotten close, and that was a while ago. You don't have to be another Avril Lavigne. One is more than enough.<br /><br />Edit: There's also Sleater-Kinney -- I can't believe I forgot them. Unfortunately, they disbanded a few years ago. But they might actually rock *too* hard for Perry's liking.y's liking.
B0015XASFS|5.0|This album is great, the best one yet! His voice is awesome, and the DVD shows a more relaxed showman.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|In its defense, I'd like to clarify some misconceptions about this album, which is getting dumped on by some for not being \\"real Priest,\\" for not being \\"real metal,\\" or for not being \\"restrained\\" enough.      The fact of the matter is that the album is \\"real Priest,\\" it is \\"real metal,\\" and it is not \\"restrained\\" because it is a biographical concept album--much in the same vein as Floyd's \\"The Wall\\" and Genesis' \\"Lamb Lies Down\\"--that thematically explores the inner conflicts of an alienated, persecuted, and disturbed individual.  (In fact, Priest works in some nice, subtle nods to \\"The Wall,\\" \\"Lamb Lies Down,\\" and also to Yes' \\"Relayer\\" throughout: have some fun and see if you can find them).  Halford comments in recent interviews that the band became interested in the life of Nostradamus because they saw parallels between his historical alienation-persecution and the general attitude of modern mainstream culture toward heavy metal as a musical genre.  In other words, Priest employs the life of Nostradamus as an allegorical representation of metal's outsider status--hence the recurring motifs of proud defensiveness, standing one's ground in exile, etc.  (In keeping with this thematic and allegorical focus, there are also some interesting lyrical and musical references throughout the album to earlier Priest classics such as \\"Sinner\\" and \\"Running Wild\\").       Whether all of this this is over-the-top and melodramatic is up to the individual listener, but I would suggest that those who think so are actually vindicating the point Priest is trying to make with this album; by complaining about one of the basic aesthetic conceits of metal as conceptualized by Priest, these critics show that they just don't get it.  To put this another way, people who think that twangy songs about drinking and cheating are irritating have no business listening to Hank Williams and then getting on his case.  So be  forewarned: \\"Nostradamus\\" is concept art metal in all its full-blown glory.As for the music itself, there have been a lot of complaints that Priest do not sound like they do on their more pop-oriented mid-period albums, and this is true.  In fact, the band reaches back to their \\"Sad Wings Of Destiny\\" and \\"Sin After Sin\\" period for most of the stylistic focus of this album, with longer, darker,  deliberately paced and more musically intricate, mood-driven songs.  And while this means that there is no \\"Living After Midnight\\" or \\"You've Got Another Thing Coming\\" on this album, it also means that there is no \\"Parental Guidance\\" or \\"Love Zone,\\" which is for the best.  But because this style of metal is very mid-70s, underground old school, the emphasis is on shading and dynamics: for those seeking indecipherable cookie-monster vocals or unending barrages of speed-riffing, this is not the place to find them.  (As a side note, some critics have said that there are no twin leads or guitar solos on this album, and that is simply not true.  Tipton and Downing are in fine form and are all over the place with chunky twin leads and blistering solos . . . and Halford's voice is superb, of course).      In the end, \\"Nostradamus\\" is what it is: uncompromising, vintage art metal for listeners who connect with all that the genre implies and offers.  Not all of the songs are spectacular--\\"Love Lost\\" in particular is a harrowing misstep--but most of them are certainly within spitting distance, and as a whole the album holds up solidly and does what great concept albums should do: it reveals its layers and complexities more with each listen, and because it isn't immediately accessible, it compels repeated listenings.
B0013527I4|4.0|[[ASIN:B0013527I4 The Muppet Show - The Complete Third Season]]    This was a marvelous collection of the third season of The Muppet Show.  Many bright stars of the time are on here.  The only thing I wish would be added - maybe to the next couple of seasons is that there would be a brief biography of the guest.  Sometimes I don't know who they are or what they were famous for and the show only shows a brief look at their talents - many times expanding out of their known talents.  It's the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. It's one of the things that I liked about the first season with the pop up trivia.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|I have loved Alanis's music, lyrics and sound since Jagged Little Pill. I own all of her CD's and I would have to say this is up there as one of my favorites. Her knack for lyrics and thought provoking songs has always grabbed my attention and her latest effort does not disappoint.<br /><br />On 'Flavors' Alanis writes straight from the heart and paints such a picture that you feel almost as if you lived it with her. It kicks off with a guitar heavy \\"Citizen Of The Planet\\" which is one of my favorite songs on this CD. She takes her listeners on a journey through the few rock infused tracks to her slower heartfelt songs.<br /><br />Standout tracks:<br /><br />\\"Citizen Of The Planet\\"<br />\\"Straitjacket\\" (one of my favorites on here)<br />\\"Versions Of Violence\\"<br />\\"Not As We\\" (a slower and beautiful song)<br />\\"Torch\\" (talking about letting someone go and laying your torch for them down)<br />\\"Incomplete\\"<br /><br />Every song on here is brilliant and worth listening to. There is not one single song that I skip over. Any alanis fan will be pleased as well as anyone who likes the singer/songwriter artists'. A must have!!<br /><br />~~~JAC  08'
0440241413|5.0|I would have never picked this book, but it was recommended by a friend.  It's considered \\"chick lit\\", not normally my style, but I was so glad to have learned about the author Sophie Kinsella as she is wonderful.    A fabulous read that I got through in just a day and found myself laughing aloud. I also found it hard to put it down until I was finished.  Lots of relatable situations and other situations that are just down right embarassing and quite laughable.      Becky is a bit shallow while have lots of depth and character at the same time.  (if that's possible) She's also a bit flighty, but her instincts and compassion for people make up that that.  A likeable character that you find yourself rooting for.  She's just plain fun.    Nice, light read and lots of fun.  I will definetly be reading more books by this author.
B0016AJU2C|5.0|I have loved Alanis's music, lyrics and sound since Jagged Little Pill. I own all of her CD's and I would have to say this is up there as one of my favorites. Her knack for lyrics and thought provoking songs has always grabbed my attention and her latest effort does not disappoint.<br /><br />On 'Flavors' Alanis writes straight from the heart and paints such a picture that you feel almost as if you lived it with her. It kicks off with a guitar heavy \\"Citizen Of The Planet\\" which is one of my favorite songs on this CD. She takes her listeners on a journey through the few rock infused tracks to her slower heartfelt songs.<br /><br />Standout tracks:<br /><br />\\"Citizen Of The Planet\\"<br />\\"Straitjacket\\" (one of my favorites on here)<br />\\"Versions Of Violence\\"<br />\\"Not As We\\" (a slower and beautiful song)<br />\\"Torch\\" (talking about letting someone go and laying your torch for them down)<br />\\"Incomplete\\"<br /><br />The few extra dollars is money worth spent on the deluxe version. The second CD includes an extra \\"big\\" booklet plus 5 extra songs; songs that are an added dose of brilliance. \\"The Guy Who Leaves\\" is my favorite on the second CD; great lyrics and very emotional. If you're going to purchase the new Alanis CD; pay the extra few bucks and go with this version!<br /><br />Every song on both discs are brilliant and worth listening to. There is not one single song that I skip over. Any alanis fan will be pleased as well as anyone who likes the singer/songwriter artists'. A must have!!<br /><br />~~~JAC 08'
B00154GEFU|5.0|I have so much respect for John Wetton after hearing this CD. And that goes for Geoffrey, Carl and Steve as well. This is one of the best CDs I've heard in a long while. As far as my taste is concerned, this is simply great music!.I personally have not had a lstening experience like this in a very long time. I love all the songs. John's voice sounds phenomonal and the instrumentation is perfect. I have so much respect for musicians of this caliber when they play to the songs and not to showcase their abilities. The lyrics are interesting and moving. I feel the passion through John's melodies and his voice quality delivers the message in the songs wonderfully. He is amazing. I believe any Asia fan will enjoy this CD immensley.
B0000YEEGM|1.0|The one star is provided for the portrayal of autism's essential awkwardness.  However, it's only one star.  The film exasperates me, disabled also, by perpetuating the syrupy sentimentality that disability carries some compensating ability - here (as usual) mathematical genius.  Nature's not like that, sorry to say.  What you're good at, you're good at, disabled or not.  I specialised in languages because I love language, not because I have epilepsy.  Yet, more and more this nonsense is ground out.  Cases of the idiot savant are certainly known, but they're extremely rare.  Parents and family who believe films like this (and e.g. A Beautiful Mind) are almost certain to be disappointed.   Disabiled people aren't somehow inspired.  They/we are just doing what we could do anyway.  Can we please be a bit more realistic?
0553804677|5.0|Expectations to me are often the harbinger of disappointment. Hype, that flimsy, distorted bubble promising a transcendent experience, lures me inside, often only to pop, and leave me with the wet, soggy truth. Hype and reality may occasionally be bed mates, but mostly they gaze wistfully at each other from across the room.<br /><br />This time around, the grand Marshall of the hype parade is Scott Lynch's \\"The Lies of Locke Lamora\\". Extremely positive early reviews of Lynch's debut novel had quickened my enthusiasm. How can one ignore a book that is receiving proclamations of awesomeness from the fantasy literati? Would it live up to its own hype? Could it live up to its own hype, or would my expectations doom it?<br /><br />So tempering my enthusiasm with a healthy does of scepticism, I was greatly pleased that \\"The Lies of Locke Lamora\\" was even better than I had anticipated. Oh yes, there is joy in Lockeville. Much joy!<br /><br />In fact, the novel's greatest strength is the joie de vivre that continuously bubbles through to the reader. Try to not smile, have fun and root for Locke Lamora, Lynch dares you. It is at these moments that the story becomes charming and magical. And when the latter half of the novel turns suddenly dark, the sharp contrast gives the conclusion even more gravitas.<br /><br />Set exclusively in the Venetian-inspired city-state of Camorr, where a grid work of canals differentiates the city's diverse districts, \\"The Lies of Locke Lamora\\" follows, not surprisingly, Locke Lamora, orphan, con-artist, rapscallion, and the reputed `Thorn of Camorr'. And with a moniker comes expectations. Only characters who are legendary and ooze with flair and style, may earn them. And Locke does not disappoint. Locke is the leader of a young band of grifters called the Gentlemen Bastards, who through elaborate schemes and deceptions target the Camorr upper class. The Gentlemen Bastards criminal misdeeds have earned them a place among the vast Camorrian criminal underworld headed by Capa Barvasi. Before you can say `Mafioso', Locke and the Gentlemen Bastards find themselves embroiled in a gang war between Capa Barvasi and a mysterious newcomer, the Grey King. All the while, the Camorrian authorities, no longer willing to tolerate Locke's deceptions, are spinning a tight web around Locke. Embattled from within and without, Locke must struggle to save himself and the Gentlemen Bastards. And he must do it with style. Pesky moniker!<br /><br />Lynch's strengths revolve around his vivid characterizations, particularly of the main characters, Locke and his best friend Jean, and his storytelling tendencies. The banter between the characters, which is heavily infused with a male-posturing and sarcasm similar in style to that found in movies like Ocean's Eleven or Reservoir Dogs, serves as Lynch's primary means of in-depth characterization. It is dialogue clearly written with an eye cast toward the coolness factor. If this strikes you as too testosterone intensive or you are allergic to anything snarky, you may wish to look for greener pastures, elsewhere.<br /><br />The main storytelling is straightforward, for the most part, following a three act narrative structure. Interludes, which fill in background information on the characters, come between the chapters dedicated to the overall plot. These interludes are slightly jarring and seem more appropriate to film, where the narrative is more linearly constrained, than in a novel, where mental asides convey thought in a character. This is a minor quibble, though, and does no real harm to the novel. In the light of awesomeness, flaws become transparent.<br /><br />Last Word:<br />The Lies of Locke Lamora is an auspicious debut by Scott Lynch and a very promising start to a new fantasy series. Infused with an infectious joie de vivre, the novel transcends into the magical, charming you to the very end. And leaving you to eagerly anticipate the next volume. Let the hype begin!rvasi. Before you can say `Mafioso', Locke and the Gentlemen Bastards find themselves embroiled in a gang war between Capa Barvasi and a mysterious newcomer, the Grey King. All the while, the Camorrian authorities, no longer willing to tolerate Locke's deceptions, are spinning a tight web around Locke. Embattled from within and without, Locke must struggle to save himself and the Gentlemen Bastards. And he must do it with style. Pesky moniker!    Lynch's strengths revolve around his vivid characterizations, particularly of the main characters, Locke and his best friend Jean, and his storytelling tendencies. The banter between the characters, which is heavily infused with a male-posturing and sarcasm similar in style to that found in movies like Ocean's Eleven or Reservoir Dogs, serves as Lynch's primary means of in-depth characterization. It is dialogue clearly written with an eye cast toward the coolness factor. If this strikes you as too testosterone intensive or you are allergic to anything snarky, you may wish to look for greener pastures, elsewhere.    The main storytelling is straightforward, for the most part, following a three act narrative structure. Interludes, which fill in background information on the characters, come between the chapters dedicated to the overall plot. These interludes are slightly jarring and seem more appropriate to film, where the narrative is more linearly constrained, than in a novel, where mental asides convey thought in a character. This is a minor quibble, though, and does no real harm to the novel. In the light of awesomeness, flaws become transparent.    Last Word:  The Lies of Locke Lamora is an auspicious debut by Scott Lynch and a very promising start to a new fantasy series. Infused with an infectious joie de vivre, the novel transcends into the magical, charming you to the very end. And leaving you to eagerly anticipate the next volume. Let the hype begin!
B0012QE4Q2|2.0|I read the Philippa Gregory novel years ago, and even though I wasn't that into the Tudor history at the time, I enjoyed the author's take on the Boleyn sisters very much.  So, having read and enjoyed the aforementioned novel, I couldn't wait to watch the DVD.  I won't go into plot details, for most people here have read the book and I'll spare you another synopsis.  However, if you haven't read the book, then you'll probably be either disappointed with the somewhat soap opera-ish plot or be kind of lost when you get watch this film.<br /><br />First of all, the costumes and period feel look very authentic and beautiful.  Unlike the Showtime TV series The Tudors, which seems to show a version of the sixteenth century fashion and mores that fit to their liking rather than mirroring reality, this film focuses on how things were really like in those times.  (To the costume designers of The Tudors -- women in those times wore headdresses ALL THE TIME!  They were considered harlots if they did not.)  Other than that, however, I found the film rushed and the story very soap opera-like, depicting Anne Boleyn (Natalie Portman) as both a petty and jealous sister and a victim in her desperate attempts to have Henry VIII's heir.  Portman did a terrific job though.  The accent is okay and her performance is wonderful.  I am less impressed with Scarlett Johansen, who seems more concerned with looking pouty and pretty than putting on a convincing performance.  I also didn't buy into the fact that Mary fell in love with Henry in such little time and with nothing but sex and a few conversations in common.  I had that problem with the novel, and I had it with the film as well, but somehow this problem is more glaring in the film, seems everything is very much glossed over.  The actors who play Henry VIII, Jane Boleyn, the Duke of Norfolk, Katherine of Aragon, etc., get very little airtime and are cardboard cutout characters at best.  Needless to say, I am disappointed with the film.  Gregory is a wonderful writer of historical novels.  I recently read The Boleyn Inheritance and loved it.  The filmmakers should have done more than just make this film look pretty.Gregory is a wonderful writer of historical novels.  I recently read The Boleyn Inheritance and loved it.  The filmmakers should have done more than just make this film look pretty.
159102594X|4.0|\\"The Blade Itself\\" is a worthwhile debut full of hard-edged, brutal dialogue and worldbuilding, nasty and anti-heroic characters and an overall gritty and stark tone. I admit I have a taste for this type of dark fantasy and gallows humor, so the book really works for me in a refreshing new way. These are not your normal epic fantasy type of characters. That said, I imagine some more traditional epic fantasy readers may be turned off by the hard-edged nature of the storytelling.<br /><br />Logen Ninefingers is a Northman who has worn out his welcome in his homeland due to his bloody, corpse-littered past. He now finds himself escaping from the new King of the North, an old acquaintance who no longer wishes to keep the Bloody Nine around. Logen's only recourse is to travel to the south to the empire called the Union. Inquisitor Glokta is a Union torturer of extraordinary abilities working in the House of Questions. Glokta, who once was a dashing, skilled warrior before he was captured by the Gurkish and tortured, is now a shell of a man, in constant excruciating pain and crippled. Captain Jezal dan Luthar is a young, arrogant swordsman and debutante who basks in his nobility, and strives to make an even greater name for himself in a highly publicized fencing contest. Logen, Glokta and Jezal are probably the most important of the major characters int the novel, and the majority of the story is told through their perspectives.<br /><br />Abercrombie successfully writes a style for each of his characters. Glotka, for instance, is much more cerebral in his chapters, his thinking process alway in overdrive as he works out the political angles and consequences of his situation. Refreshingly, he thinks the smartass things people would love to say, but don't have the courage to. However, much of this subject matter is dark and brutal considering it revolves around his occupation as Union torturer. On the other hand, Jezal doesn't exhibit much in the way of cerebral gymnastics, and this adds greatly to the perception of his character as mindless twit.<br /><br />Into the lives of these disparate characters, the wizard Bayaz is injected, a man who embodies mystery and appears to have his own agenda. If anything, \\"The Blade Itself\\" is a setup novel. We get an introduction to the characters, get a familiarity with the situation, tone and worldbuilding, and by the end the pieces finally seem to have been placed on the chessboard for the real story to begin. Therefore, not many questions are answered in this novel, and the story is far from self-contained, so if you dislike books without some sense of completeness to them, you may wish to wait until Abercrombie finishes the trilogy.<br /><br />Abercrombie's writing is simple and not heavy on detail or description. It is straightforward and a hard-boiled type of prose, almost a fantasy noir, that is used effectively to move the story along. As far as technical writing chops, \\"The Blade Itself\\" appears very much to be a debut novel which seems more focus on story than prose. There is a good amount of profanity and explicit, brutal violence and torture in the book, so if those things bother you, you've been warned.<br /><br />Last Word:<br />If you enjoy a gritty and brutal type of dark fantasy loaded with a plethora of nasty characters, then look no further than Joe Abercrombie's \\"The Blade Itself\\", a crackling debut novel that holds a vast amount of promise for the ongoing series.greatly to the perception of his character as mindless twit.    Into the lives of these disparate characters, the wizard Bayaz is injected, a man who embodies mystery and appears to have his own agenda. If anything, \\"The Blade Itself\\" is a setup novel. We get an introduction to the characters, get a familiarity with the situation, tone and worldbuilding, and by the end the pieces finally seem to have been placed on the chessboard for the real story to begin. Therefore, not many questions are answered in this novel, and the story is far from self-contained, so if you dislike books without some sense of completeness to them, you may wish to wait until Abercrombie finishes the trilogy.    Abercrombie's writing is simple and not heavy on detail or description. It is straightforward and a hard-boiled type of prose, almost a fantasy noir, that is used effectively to move the story along. As far as technical writing chops, \\"The Blade Itself\\" appears very much to be a debut novel which seems more focus on story than prose. There is a good amount of profanity and explicit, brutal violence and torture in the book, so if those things bother you, you've been warned.    Last Word:  If you enjoy a gritty and brutal type of dark fantasy loaded with a plethora of nasty characters, then look no further than Joe Abercrombie's \\"The Blade Itself\\", a crackling debut novel that holds a vast amount of promise for the ongoing series.
0385340567|5.0|I could not put it down... I have read every one and this one did not let me down once.... What a book..It is just so Jack... and this mystery town has all the right hooks... and of course another great dame..Now there is one draw back for some.. only if you choose to interpret it as such... and this may be a spoiler, so beware, but he does inject a somewhat anti war flavor in the book... But Jack is still a solider at heart and perhaps the author needs to insinuate personal feelings...
B000VNMMRA|5.0|[[ASIN:B000VNMMRA Live Free or Die Hard - Unrated (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]<br /><br />Very good movie, I loved it!!!
B0016HNOXQ|2.0|Look, I've always been a fan of Portishead, and I completely respect an artist's desire to evolve and change. I've even welcomed many changes from other artists I like. For example, I don't have a problem with Enigma leaving behind the Gregorian chants in later albums. I am not someone who thinks the artist has to make the same album over and over again. Having said that, I really just do not feel this album at all. There are too many outright annoying noises on half the tracks and nothing ever really gets going for my taste. I knew that it would be different, but this just sounds like reject tracks from the first 2 albums. Sorry, but if this is what took them 10 years to come out with, they could have kept it. If you're looking for any semblance of the old Portishead, don't bother with this. If you like the band enough to give it a shot, then be my guest. I did and was disappointed, but that doesn't mean you will be.
B000002JSZ|4.0|After the pomp and circumstance of For Those About to Rock, the group cut the crap, came back with a whole new arsenal of cool riffs, and proceeded to keep on rockin' the house. It didn't sell too well because of the lack of a huge hit single, but hey, it's good! I'd say it's Brian's best album with the band, other than Back in Black. And it's definitely a high point for Angus - his solos on every song are spectacular, but my favorites come from \\"Rising Power,\\" the title song, \\"Guns for Hire\\" (which also has a pretty sweet hammer-on/pull-off intro), and \\"Deep in the Hole\\". And Brian's vocals are at their most powerful: listen to him on \\"Nervous Shakedown\\" or \\"Landslide,\\" one of the fastest songs the group has ever done. He sounds great! Malcolm's really performing also, churning out memorable, hard-hitting riffs on every single song, with the blues \\"Badlands\\" arguably having the best on the album. And how about \\"Bedlam in Belgium\\"? One of the finest AC/DC songs, period, regardless of who's singing it. Everything great about this album is firmly in place and in fact excelling expectations. And the lyrics are actually good, by AC/DC's standards. Clever title, too. Speaking of lyrics, they're much more mature than usual - a lot of commentary about the general insanity of the world, protesting all the violence in the world. Or at least I think they're protesting, because as you'd expect from AC/DC's lyrics, they're sarcastic and exaggerated. I wouldn't call a single one of these songs, other than \\"Bedlam in Belgium,\\" a classic, but it's all it needs to be: a collection of solidly enjoyable songs. And, most importantly, they're having fun again, here in the wake of the \\"We are rock messiahs!\\" attitude of For Those About to Rock. \\"Brain Shake\\" is just a blast, and \\"This House is on Fire\\" is so entertaining I don't even care that the chorus melody is taken from \\"Hells' Bells\\". So I'm gonna defiantly give this a high score. How about that? And I used to think it was terrible, too! Which is why I deleted my old one-star review. Time changes everything...e, too! Which is why I deleted my old one-star review. Time changes everything...
0486424545|2.0|I love reading.  There is nothing like the printed page.  I also love a good movie.  In this case, I must definitely say I'll take the movie over the book any day.  I will say that I was exposed to the movie first but I don't believe that prejudiced me.  I was wanting to view the movie again after not having seen it in a while (it had not been a long while, mind you, because it is one of my favorites) but decided, since I had the book in my library, I would read it first before viewing the movie again so as to discover any subleties that may enhance my enjoyment of the movie further.  I had done that with A Room With a View (also by Forster) and it worked fine.  I loved the book every bit as much as the movie.  Alas, it was not to be the same with Howards End.  I have been struggling for the last few weeks (I don't get much time for reading these days) to get through the book.  Usually I don't want a book to end but in this case... well, the title of this review says it all.  For details on why I feel that way, I refer you to any of the other 2 and 3 star reviews, as they express my sentiments exactly and make me feel better to know it wasn't just me (although I am fully aware that everyone has their own opinion).  Suffice to say I will no longer torture myself with trying to get through the book.  Instead I will kick back and enjoy, guilt-free, another viewing of a very fine movie.  Kudos to Forster for having written the book which provided a story-line for Merchant/Ivory to make a very fine movie.  Kudos to M/I for making a very fine movie from, as another reviewer so aptly put it, a \\"mediocre\\" book.
B00005JNS0|5.0|No kids in the house. Bought this for ourselves both over 55's.  a great story and appreciation of animation for any age.  Great surround sound effects.
B00140PK6O|5.0|I had already watched this movie (in several parts) on Masterpiece Theatre (PBS), so I knew I loved it!!  Right from the start the story \\"draws you in\\" and you have to have more!  Old English village with all the \\"know everyone's business\\", the dry English humor, and the certain expectations of the village life that \\"must\\" be followed.  It is great.  If you love old English literature, in the catagory of Jane Austen, you will enjoy this.
1400032717|5.0|I was amazed to find that Haddon doesn't actually have Asperger's.  His portrayal is spot on. A fascinating and accurate look into the thought processes and experiences of a person with Asperger's.<br /><br />Stephanie Moulton Sarkis PhD NCC LMHC<br />Author and Psychotherapist, specializing in ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorders
B0010SEMP0|2.0|I guess that I wasn't playing close attention when I bought this.  I love vampire stories WITHOUT this much trashy romance.  The characters and the plot are predictable and stereotypical.  The dialogue is adolescent.  There are a few funny moments, but not enough to keep me interested.  I love Patricia Briggs's books.  This author is just not for me.
0307010856|5.0|What can I say...it's a blue furry masterpiece.  I read it so much as a kid that the cover of the book came off.  I'm finding more and more people that count this book among their all-time favorites.  An \\"interactive\\" book by old school standards.  Order this book now.<br /><br />Stephanie Moulton Sarkis PhD NCC LMHC<br />Author, Psychotherapist, and ADHD Expert
B00127RAJY|5.0|Workout is simple but still a good workout.  Don't need equipment just a couple of small hand weights.  Recommend it for people with busy lifestyles because it only takes 30 minutes.
B0013TPV0Q|5.0|I am one page from finishing the book so I think it's ok that I am breaking down and reviewing this. I am surprised that so many people didn't enjoy it, but there have been plenty of books that are described as \\"Hilarious!\\" and that contain \\"Side splitting humor at it's best!\\" that I wanted to flog the author with. Such is life. I savored every page and as usual, he made me laugh out loud...which really isn't easy to do.  For this, I would give him my bright yellow shoe horn (if you read the book, you'll get it).
B001041JLE|5.0|Thriller can never be beaten...Thriller 25 is THE best way to celebrate Michael Jackson and his tribute to music all around the world! I can't wait until he starts his tour!! I love you Michael Jackson!
0061245097|5.0|I cant wait for the next book to come in January.  See, lucky for me though I just finishing reading the 1st book yesterday!  So I had to run out and buy the 2nd immediately.  I pity all those who had to wait to see what happened between Cat and Bones.  I got to find out immediately.      This was a great follow up book for the first.  Its sexy, fun, and hella-interesting!  I love the how they dig into vampire culture.. at least in the vampire culture of Ms. Frosts world.  Every series has a different set of vampire rules, and I liked how they got into the politics a bit.      I am anxiously awaiting the third installment.  All I have to say though is I know that there has to be some conflict between Bones and Cat to keep the story interesting, but they are the main characters - when all is said and done, the need to end up together!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I watched the last season of Biggest Losesr and was amazed at the transformation of the woman that won.  I bought this DVD hoping to see some change for myself.  In the 30 days, I dropped 5 lbs although it feels more like 10+ since I'm in such better shape now.  I wish I would have done measurements instead of just weighing myself.  It has made an incredible difference in my body.  I'm much more toned all over and I dropped a pants size.  My arms, back, chest, legs are very noticeable thinner, more toned and my butt is way smaller!  I would really recommend this DVD.  I've had 3 kids and I didn't think I'd ever be able to turn my flab back into muscle, but it's working!  It is by no means an easy workout.  It's pretty simple to follow but extremely challenging.  If you keep at it though, it gets easier and you will really see a difference!
B0013TPV0Q|1.0|Very disappointed in this book, I was swayed by the good reviews I read. I now question their authenticity.  I have to admit I only read the first 3 stories, but as other reviewers mentioned I didn't even chuckle. As I was reading I kept wondering when I would get to the good stuff and then started to feel as I had been duped.  I'm not bothering reading the rest.
0380713802|3.0|Neither Here Nor There is probably more for the novice than the experienced traveller, but it is entertaining and has a usefully broad scope. Bill Bryson, an American resident in London, takes his readers from the Arctic Circle to Istanbul in something like a couple of months, mixing in parts of Scandinavia, the Benelux, France, Germany and Italy among others before passing through the Balkans.    Inevitably a lot is about finding hotels and places to eat, misplaced reservations and the pitfalls of communicating with strangers. This is travel writing, after all. And inevitably there tends to be quite a few clichés and national stereotyping. The commentary ranges from insightful (e.g. different perceptions of Amsterdam) to expected but fun (the police episode in Florence), to downright vulgar (\\"Quick restaurants - as in quick, pass the bucket!\\"). I found the first and last chapters, set in northern Norway, then Yugoslavia and Bulgaria, the most interesting. Bryson has more to say in out-of-the-way settings. And having travelled to the latter two at about the same time, I thought his observations both original and to the point. Nor does the book, written in the early 1990s, generally feel out-of-date.    Bryson's style combines a wide descriptive vocabulary with a matter-of-fact, colloquial tone. It drips with irony and evinces plenty of sniggers. The same note is held too long, though, which may explain why one doesn't laugh as much as one would expect: the jokes and witticisms eventually lose an essential element of surprise.    Perhaps not unusually for the genre, the book ends up saying as much about the observer as the observed. It provides a snapshot of how an educated and informed American views the European continent.
B000F5GNX8|5.0|I rented this thanks to a Netflix recommendation and was very glad I did. I knew next to nothing about this film going into it, other than that it starred Robert Downey Jr. and Val Kilmer (Iron Man and Batman, haha).     I was very pleasantly surprised--the dialog is sharp and witty and the story is fun. You can tell everyone had fun filming this movie, heck you only need to look at the outtakes for proof of that.     If you're a fan of dark comedy or action comedy, check this out. It is a shame that this film wasn't promoted at all when it came out, I don't remember hearing anything about it--and it is such a breath of fresh air too.
0156027321|1.0|Life of Pi launches from a collection of clichés about India into a shipwreck story where a boy confronts a group of dangerous animals on a lifeboat. The book's core, the mutual accommodation of the boy and a tiger, could have formed a sleek, original, colourful short story. But apparently anxious to meet novel length, the author added to that a set of  increasingly fantastic scenes, thereby ruining the strength of the original story, which is in the realistic treatment of the extraordinary. The writing is passable, marred by a weak structure, with repeated interruptions from a third part to the plot, situated in Canada, which is never developed.    Martell also seems to have thought the novel should be `about' something. So we are treated to trite, politically correct, ecumenical cant (of the type `Allah-Buddha-Jesus Christ' instead of `God') on how this should all be read to be about religious belief. In a bizarre syllogism, we are given a whole chapter about magical mongooses and a carnivorous island, then told that if we believe in that we should also believe in God. Except of course no one beyond the age of 10 believes in magical mongooses. The only thing which makes one trust in miracles is that this book got so many prizes.
B00005JPUN|4.0|The Good Things<br />*A few good, well-placed special effects.<br />*Good, strong, vivid photography and filming style.  At the very least, it is not too dull to watch.<br />*Still a valid and watchable story with strong themes about the dangers of society being invaded from the inside-out.  Corresponds well to modern-day society by incorporating the shuttle disaster and including some mention of other world-wide events.<br />*The science behind the story is strong and clearly defined.<br />*Also has a strong sense of paranoia.<br />*Includes strong themes about human nature; the emotional, irrational, and sometimes violent aspects that differentiate us from anything inhuman.  The dialogue and acting support this idea quite well.<br />*Characters, although not especially deep, are okay.  I think Nicole Kidman had a few good, smart moments.<br />*Has a happy ending!<br /><br />The Bad Things<br />*Some parts are intercut together in weird ways, and may seem convoluted (although this could also be a good thing, because its unique and stylish).<br />*It is pretty predictable.<br />*What is this, the fourth time this story's been made into a movie?!<br /><br />Of all the renditions of the \\"Invasion of the Body Snatchers\\" story, this one probably won't outdo the original 1950s or 1978 versions.  But it is a well-made film with good photography and a pretty good cast.  I particuarly like the fact that this version incorporates a stronger theme about what it means to be human (or perhaps inhuman).<br /><br />The disc has smashing good video and audio quality, and contains four or five short featurettes.
B0000039QA|4.0|the notorious biggie is a rapper from new york. he is aparently known for a great flow. i found out his real name is Christopher George Latore Wallace! did u know his favorite movie is the lion king? his first album was called a classic by many so lets see how his second album LIFE AFTER DEATH measure up.  this CD was released by world famous raper PUFF DADDY. it was about the same time as somethign called COAST BEEF. if u dont know what that was, it was EAST coast rap VS wEST coast rap. (it turns out the DIRTY SOUTH won LOL). PUFFY also produced the beats while BIGGIE is on the mic. the beats are a bit stale for my likings.  BIGGIEs favorite things to rap about are crime and money. yep that right, he has been to jail too! unfortunately he cant rap about much else and it gets a bit old after a while. maybe next time try rapping about other things. my suggestions: drugs, BBQ, knives, gunfights, money...the list goes on. his flow can also be annoying sometimes he stops and starts a lot. BIGGIE is also acused of dumbing down his lyrics and being a jiggy rapper. i think he is ok but not as good as the rap we have today.  his flow is pretty good but was done way better by tupac. i almost fell asleep.  btw its a double cd so its like 2 albums for teh price of 1.  its only a matter of time before notorious B.I.G (BIGGIE) blows up for the west coast. this guy has paid his dues and he gonna be the next big thing so get onboard now!. stay up, braaaa. i recomend you buy this right away!
B0015AARJI|5.0|bought it from thegamecrazystore seller for about 20$ less than amazon (NEW) and it arrived in TWO DAYS!!!. Anyways great controller much more comfortable than the SIXAXIS heavier, and not as cheaply made. vibration is a great feature to have I am currently using it on MGS4 and loving it you should buy it.
0142004235|5.0|Is is possible that Netflix may boost literacy? I just did a Netflix mini-retrospective look at James Dean's films: \\"Rebel Without a Cause,\\" \\"Giant\\" and \\"East of Eden.\\" Watching the complex story of \\"East of Eden,\\" reminded me that I had never read the Steinbeck novel from which the film was adapted. This came as a surprise to me, since I am a huge fan of Steinbeck's writings and have long considered \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" among my favorite novels. So, I embarked on reading the novel. I was expecting it to be good; I was unprepared for the depth of the writing and the brilliant insight into human nature that marked Steinbeck's writing at this stage of his career. In my opinion, if he had never written another novel besides \\"East of Eden,\\" he would have been worthy of the Nobel Prize that he won in 1962.<br /><br />The story is a complex and very moving modern setting of the Cain and Abel story told at multiple levels through several generations of the Trask family. Adam and Charles Trask lay the groundwork for the narrative by vying for the affection of their father, an ersatz Civil War hero who carved out a reputation and a fortune by misrepresenting the role that he played in key battles of the War Between the States. The saga continues into its main section with Adam's two sons - Cal and Aron - struggling to please him. Adam is raising them as a single father - with the not inconsiderable help from Lee, the live-in Chinese cook - after his wife abandoned the family shortly after giving birth to the twins.<br /><br />The most profound musings that stand as the intellectual and spiritual center of the novel are found exactly halfway through the narrative. The setting is that Lee, the Chinese cook, is having a theological discussion with a neighbor, Samuel. The crux of the discussion bears on varying translations of Genesis 4:7, in which God addresses Cain and implores him to overcome the temptation to sin. Lee describes the result of two years' of study by elders in the Chinese community who had undertaken to understand the issue in all of its subtleties:<br /><br />\\"After two years we felt we could approach your sixteen verses of the fourth chapter of Genesis. My old gentlemen felt that these words were very important too - 'Thou shalt not' and 'Do thou.' And this was the gold from our mining: 'Thou mayest.' 'Thou mayest rule over sin.' The old gentlemen smiled and nodded and felt the years were well spent. It brought them out of their Chinese shells, too, and right now they are studying Greek.<br /><br />Samuel said: 'It is a fantastic story. And I've tried to follow and maybe I've missed somewhere. Why is this word so important?'<br /><br />Lee's hand shook as he filled the delicate cups. He drank his down in one gulp. 'Don't you see?' he cried. 'The American Standard translation orders men to triumph over sin, and you can call sin ignorance. The King James translation makes a promise in \\"Thou shalt not.\\" meaning that men will surely triumph over sin. But the Hebrew word, the word timshel -\\"Thou mayest\\" - that gives a choice. It might be the most important word in the world. That says the way is open. That throws it right back on a man. For if \\"Thou mayest\\" it is also true that \\"Thou mayest not.\\"<br /><br />\\"Yes, I see. I do see. But you do not believe this is divine law. Why do you feel its importance?\\"<br /><br />\\"Ah!\\" said Lee. \\"I've wanted to tell you this for a long time. I even anticipated your questions and am well prepared. Any writing which has influenced the thinking and the lives of innumerable people is important. Now, there are many millions in their sects and churches who feel the order 'Do thou,' and throw their weight into obedience. And there are millions more who feel predestination in 'Thou shalt.' Nothing they may do can interfere with what will be. But 'Thou mayest'! Why, that makes a man great, then gives him stature with the gods, for in his weakness and his filth and his murder of his brother he still has the great choice. He can choose his course and fight it through and win.\\" Lee's voice was a chant of triumph.<br /><br />Adam said, \\"Do you believe that, Lee?\\"<br /><br />\\"Yes, I do. Yes, I do. It is easy out of laziness, out of weakness, to throw oneself into the lap of deity, saying, 'I couldn't help it; the way was set.' But think of the glory of the choice! That makes a man a man. A cat has no choice, a bee must make honey. There's no godliness there. And do you know, those old gentlemen who were sliding gently down to death are too interested to die now?\\" (Pages 301-2)<br /><br />Steinbeck's argument reminded me of the exquisite Grand Inquisitor passage in Dostoevsky's magnum opus, \\"The Brothers Karamazov.\\" The Inquisitor confronts a Christ who has returned to earth during the Spanish Inquisition and excoriates him for having condemned mankind to freedom of choice. Both Steinbeck and Dostoevsky are delving into levels that represent the quantum physics of the soul. This is great literature - writing that combines story telling as an art form with profound examination of the human condition.<br /><br />Even in the age of Netflix and Grand Theft Auto IV, there is still room for great writing - and great reading.<br /><br />Enjoy!<br /><br />Alht it through and win.\\" Lee's voice was a chant of triumph.    Adam said, \\"Do you believe that, Lee?\\"    \\"Yes, I do. Yes, I do. It is easy out of laziness, out of weakness, to throw oneself into the lap of deity, saying, 'I couldn't help it; the way was set.' But think of the glory of the choice! That makes a man a man. A cat has no choice, a bee must make honey. There's no godliness there. And do you know, those old gentlemen who were sliding gently down to death are too interested to die now?\\" (Pages 301-2)    Steinbeck's argument reminded me of the exquisite Grand Inquisitor passage in Dostoevsky's magnum opus, \\"The Brothers Karamazov.\\" The Inquisitor confronts a Christ who has returned to earth during the Spanish Inquisition and excoriates him for having condemned mankind to freedom of choice. Both Steinbeck and Dostoevsky are delving into levels that represent the quantum physics of the soul. This is great literature - writing that combines story telling as an art form with profound examination of the human condition.    Even in the age of Netflix and Grand Theft Auto IV, there is still room for great writing - and great reading.    Enjoy!    Al
B000RPTQ1C|1.0|OK.  I know that sometimes you have to listen to a CD a few times before really \\"getting it\\".  So far I have listened to the new Coldplay release four times and I have no interest in wasting my time with a fifth round.  The title track is good - the rest is boring.  I have nothing against Coldplay - I have all their CDs and loved X&Y.  This one is a waste of money.
0783231032|1.0|A boring comedy with no sense of timing, made even worse in its \\"extended version\\". It's like a long joke badly told; you cringe all the way through it. Rule of thumb: avoid any movie referred to as \\"wild\\", \\"zany\\", \\"wacky\\", \\"crazy\\", \\"insane\\", \\"hysterical\\" or \\"screwball\\", unless you have a taste for forced humor, overkilled comedians, worn slapstick, or excruciating experiences in general. If so, man, is this the movie for you: a dummy gets the best laugh!
0064471837|4.0|Sabriel is a classic coming of age/quest adventure. It's heroine is female which I liked because many of the fantasy type books have a male protagonist. Sabriel is a strong young woman yet vulnerable as well.<br /><br />I enjoyed how Sabriel didn't quite seem to know everything and \\"get\\" everything but she forged on knowing that even if she didn't get it perfect she still had to try.<br /><br />The storyline is interesting and you get the sense that there are many more stories about the \\"old kingdom\\" left untold.<br /><br />The author could have gone into the explanations in a little more detail about the necromancy, the \\"bells,\\" and what each person's role is but at the same time I think it is a tool to have the reader feel a little like Sabriel does: like she knows she needs to keep going on this quest, she knows that she doesn't know everything, but perhaps she knows enough to get her through successfully.
1600610234|5.0|I've just finished reading this book, and I can confidently state that it is one of the best books available pertaining to the subject of creating science fiction art.    The author does an excellent job explaining both the technical aspects of the drawings, but also how he goes about the design process.  There are dozens of designs explored, each emphasizing either a different approach or a different subject in a step-by-step manner.    There are other books of this nature available, but they are generally not as well thought out or organized as Mechanika.  It seems like there was a real effort put into this book towards covering a wide variety of subjects in a detailed manner, and it really shows.  The little tips sprinkled throughout the book make it invaluable.    This book should age well with the viewer, and long after all of the tips and techniques have been absorbed I imagine it will still be an excellent source of inspiration to thumb through from time to time.
0061142026|5.0|This was a fabulous fairytale that immediately brought to mind The Princess Bride by William Goldman because it's a very quirky tale with something for everyone. It's got fantasy, adventure, mystery, romance, swordplay, fighting, witches, and more. The main character Tristran Thorn is an extremely likable nice guy who has got a bit of luck on his side.<br /><br />I listened to the audio book which was read by the author himself and thought he did a marvelous job. He's got this soft lilting British accent which is perfect for the story.<br /><br />Younger readers may be warned of a few dirty bits but otherwise it is a tale that young and old would enjoy.
B0013527I4|5.0|I have all 3 avalible seasons in special edition and can't wait for 4 and 5! Although I miss the pop up Muppetisms from season 1 having the behind the scenes footage makes up for it. There is nothing, absolutely nothing like the Muppet Show.    If you remember when the first show came out you'll want this. Each episode contains something you've never seen before, a sketch that was only aired in the UK version. That's right, there were 2 different versions of each episode, the US version would have one musical number while the UK version would have a completely different one. The sound and picture is clear and if you look close you might spot the very rare top of the head or mysterious third arm coming in to frame.     For those new to the Muppets this is a treat. These are the origonal Muppeteers, the late Jim Henson and Richard Hunt and the pretty much retired Frank Oz and Jerry Nelson, Dave Goelz and Steve Whitmere round out the key cast along with Louise Gold and perhaps even a young Brian Henson throwing penguins.     Don't worry about letting young viewers watch, this is true family friendly entertainment. On the season 3 set you even get a rare and wonderful look at how puppets work. This should spark many a curious mind and get many new Muppeteers off and running. Some of their performers, Richard Hunt and Bill Baretta to name a few, started off as fans and became members of the family.
B00133MKVK|4.0|For the most part, we Yanks know Bassey for her contributions to the Bond films, with her rendition of the \\"Goldfinger\\" theme, without a doubt, being one of the best performances in all of pop music history. We are not as fortunate as the British - and the rest of the world - to be as familiar with the legendary singer's total discography.<br /><br />However, it appears that \\"Get the Party Started\\" should change all that as it is truly an album for the masses and those that truly appreciate a magnificent vocalist.<br /><br />Dame Bassey, looking much younger than her 71 years, possesses a vocal instrument that is unparalleled, sounding just as full and vibrant as she did forty-odd years ago. The album of covers allows the singer to delve into a variety of sounds with some songs obviously placing a sly tongue-in-cheek nod to her Bond songs in the arrangement department. Her selections include songs made famous by the likes of Pink (the title cut), Tom Jones (\\"I Who Have Nothing\\"), Grace Jones (\\"Slave to the Rhythm\\"), Lionel Richie (\\"Hello\\"), Donny Hathaway/Robert Flack (\\"Where is the Love\\") and Gloria Gaynor (\\"I Will Survive\\"). However, like a true diva, Bassey puts her signature vocal power on each one, making them new and fresh as only she could.<br /><br />The disc could have easily dismissed as a novelty or another in that long line of albums of covers by artists that have been released with excellent to moderate success (Think: Rod Stewart, Michael McDonald, etc.) But, Bassey, backed by a brilliant band and arrangements, has created something that stands above the norm.<br /><br />The party has started and looks like it'll go on for some time.<br /><br />ADDENDUM: The producers of the next Bond film should seriously consider Dame Bassey to return to her roots.<br /><br />Now, that would be special!!!
B000GFLKF8|5.0|The latest Spike Lee Joint, Inside Man, is the best bank heist movie since Pacino's Dog Day Afternoon... but it's much better. For those who may have thought that Spike has gone mainstream, you need to see the way he spins this plot. It's not even over when it's over, and the characters are built as multi-layered, free forms. This film is what you go to the theater to experience.    It's a crime drama. It's a mystery; it's a thriller. We're given a stellar cast: Denzel Washington, Willem Defoe, Jodie Foster, Christopher Plummer. It's about a bank robbery, but Denzel steals the film. Whenever he gets together with Spike, you tend to just let them work their magic. Inside Man is no different. There are perhaps three film makers who know New York City like the back of their hands - Woody Allen, Martin Scorsese and, yes, Spike Lee. Lee really captures the raw grit and emotion of the streets of New York and its people, post 9/11.
B000OYC3J8|3.0|Whatever idiot mastered this CD made it so loud that the drums crunch and clip during particularly loud parts.  This is particularly noticeable during the chorus on track 3 and the 0:05 part in Icky Thump.    The vinyl version was mastered by a different person and has none of this terrible clipping, plus all the different instruments sound more distinct and snappy.  Get that instead.
B0006B7MS6|5.0|This is one of my favorite period dramas of all time. The battle scenes were well done done, but not so graphic as to offend anyone. The character portrayals by Charlton Heston and Sophia Loren were excellent. I found this to be one of the better Hollywood epics.
B000U7169M|3.0|Yet another 4 star film that lost a star in the last minutes of the film.  This one lost it in the last 15 seconds.  Overall, still quality horror in the vein of Exorcist, The Omen, etc.  Effects ranged from blah to excellent.  I guess they spent the extra cash on the lightning, and couldn't afford a real-looking dead bull...oh well.  This is still worth a watch.  A rent, nothing more.
B000EYK4GW|5.0|What needs to be said about Dumbo ? Its a wonderful movie. Our kids, grandkids, and greatgrandaughter all love it !
B000ICL3KG|5.0|I went into watching this film with quite a bit of apprehension.  I had unfortunately listened to all the ostriches who have their heads conveniently buried in the sand.  Mr. Gore, who I was previously no fan of, presented his theory with conviction and sound science.  The delivery is in no way dry or monotone as some of the other lying reviews claim.  You can feel the \\"establishment\\" ooze off these other reviews.  It is easier for them to ignore the problem than face the truth.  Anyone who hasn't personally felt the effects of climate change has not been outside their house over the last 20 years.  You owe it to yourself to watch this film and think critically about these issues presented.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B000XUOIQ4|4.0|We now take care of a two year old Greatgrandaughter; she watches it on the DVD player, her Mama watched it on VHS, her grandmother saw it in the movie...they all love it.
0385720920|4.0|This book surprised me at first with it's vivid commentary on sexual situations occuring between the sex-addicted main character and random women. Being someone that appreciates a good writer, I quickly learned that the author isn't so much a pervert, as someone with a great amount of talent. The book was always a page-turner, but every once in a while, I'd hit about two chapters that went on a little more than they should.  It is all worth it in the end though, when everything comes together. I enjoyed this book a lot and read it very quickly.
1582701709|1.0|I am thinking this book is complete b.s. and wait... it is!!!  I have the Secret!!!!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Nostradamus is a dark, rich, intelligent and highly complex work that far exceeded my expectations. There aren't any silly fifth-grade-like lyrical fantasties (such as \\"Hellrider\\" and \\"Demonizer\\" from AOR) or tired guitar riffs from the metal graveyard here (such as from the past five Priest albums). This is music for the intelligent metal head. Fans of Nightwish and Symphony X will love this. Lots of orchestral arrangements and bridging interludes mix brilliantly with the thick Priest sound and Halford's guttural wail. However, if you wanna go \\"Hot Rockin'\\" or find your \\"Turbo Lover,\\" go buy a Jet or Airbourne album. This is metal for adults, what I hope will prove to be an ever-burgeoning market in the coming years.
B0015I2P0Y|4.0|Musically, this is a good CD and although the vocalist sounds a lot different, the band is in the Coldplay style. One compaint- the Volume on this CD is intentionally set very low so if you're putting a number of CDs in your player, you WILL have to get up and change the volume on this one so you can hear it.
B000F3UAFC|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this film. The deep characters enthralled me, especially Helen Hunt's character, who lives a conflicted life without regrets--if you can believe that--and who is immediately sympathetic, despite her nefarious reputation. The complex character-driven storyline kept me on the edge of my seat, literally. At one point in the film, I jumped from my seat, angry at one of the antagonists, a wimpy, red-headed prig, with a little dog she obviously loves more than she loves other people--I jumped from my seat in anger, certain she was going to hell. Everything came together in the penultimate scene, which set up a resolution I did not see coming. This is a story about love, trust, gossip, and the nature of truth.<br /><br />Note that Helen Hunt plays a different kind of character in this film, one that not everyone may find enjoyable. And some of the characters are weak, thrown in for comedic effect, which unfortunately doesn't always work. And if the critics are right, you might enjoy Oscar Wilde's original play more, but you can't get that on DVD.<br /><br />Bottom line: There is only a handful of films that have enthralled me as A Good Woman has. Despite the critics' balking, 93 minutes well-spent. I rate it 5 stars out of 5, because not only did I love watching it, I feel like I want to watch it again as soon as possible.
B0018OAPAW|5.0|Finally a breathe of fresh air from the Offspring.  To me Splinter never existed it was easily there worst effort they made us wait 3 years for only 30 minutes of material and most of that album was filler but it had a few good songs I'm not going to lie but this album blows it out of the water.  The 5 year wait was actually worth it I've been following this album ever since they were just thoughts in Dexters head.  I have listened to this album 3-5 times and I can safely say its not another Splinter this album is actually really good.  Theres actually a lot of stuff that reminds me of the Smash and Ixnay days theres no Pretty Fly For A White Guy songs on this album and I am really happy about that because I am quite sick of that song because it seems like it is on every one of there albums past Americana and that was a huge selling point for me on this album.  The production is GREAT and I can hear the BASS really well I think Bob Rock did a great job with the Offspring but I hope Rick Rubin produces there next CD or Brendon O' Brian.  This album reminds me of Conspiracy of One which in my opinion was there best work past there Smash days.  The only problem with the album is the ballads I don't like them they should of added 2 minute fast paced punk songs instead and this album would be perfect but maybe they'll grow on me but all I can say is this is a 5 star effort from the Offspring coming from a long time Offspring fan.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Beautiful cut of songs-I can listen to this day and night and it never gets old!!
B000AM4PBS|1.0|I bought this series from this seller on Feburary, and later I found I can't played them on my computer, I wrote to this woman seller, she said she will send me another copy, but until now the late of June, I didn't get any more information from her. and I contact with her many times, no answers.    I will contact more persons to solve this problem
B0016CQCMQ|2.0|I liked the Raconteurs first album and I find this one to be vastly inferior. The songs to me are just not well written and are not pleasing to listen to. There is something that is \\"off\\" to my ears in almost every song. I would recommend not buying this album and simply enjoying their first album, which is great.
B000VLOKQI|5.0|So, the who are not kids anymore, but they're still alright.  I've been a fan of the Who since I first heard \\"Happy Jack\\" way back when. I remember buying the single and playing the grooves off of it.  This turned me on to one of the greatest rock bands in history, and I never lost my enthusiasm. I'm glad this two DVD set came out, and I'm glad it revealed the ups and downs the band has had over thier long career.  Glad because it shows the Who as a bunch of human beings with all the faults and shortcomings of any human being. But, it also shows them in thier glory, as the greatest rock band you could ever imagine. The sheer power and brute force of the Who is shown, as well as the tender side.  The recording session for \\"Real Good Looking Boy\\" is excellent stuff.  By the way, Zak Starkey looks just like his dad, even if his drumming style is different. And seeing the great Greg Lake on bass was a real treat! Anyhow, this is great stuff, this DVD, and if you're a Who fan you should get it. If you're a Who fan, you already know most of it anyway, but you should still get it.
B000O599WG|5.0|I hadn't seen this movie for... well, decades.  In fact, I'd pretty much forgotten about it.  Sure, I smiled at the reference in GET SHORTY, but I'd pretty much forgotten this one.  Then I saw it at Wal Mart for a price too nice to pass up.  I bought it and watched it with my wife who had never seen it before.  We both loved it.<br /><br />A little while later I watched my dvd of TRUE GRIT, the film Duke won his only Academy Award for. Good movie, but I thought he was MUCH  better in RIO BRAVO (and BIG JAKE for that matter).  I watched RIO BRAVO again and was so impressed by the subtlety of his performance.  That's something people don't remember John Wayne for.  Usually we point out his swagger and his whole \\"tough guy\\" persona.  I think that sells him short- especially in RIO BRAVO.  Is it Duke's best?  Tough call.  It's hard to top THE QUIET MAN and THE SEARCHERS.  I think... yes, I must say it. RIO BRAVO is, in my opinion, his best performance.<br /><br />Bt BIG JAKE is still my favorite of his films.<br /><br />The bonus features on this dvd are well worth it as well.  In all I think this is a very nice package.
B000AP2ZDK|5.0|i was just starting to get into instrumentals when i picked up jd's donuts.  it is a complex mixture of innovative jazz and soul samples woven between amazing drums.  most of the \\"tracks\\" are too short to consider individually - but the album has distinct movements.    innovative, experimental, soulful - j dilla finished this album while on his hospital bed, suffering from a terminal case of lupus.  the first track is titled outro and the last is titled intro - this album is his final masterpiece.    if you're into a tribe called quest, madlib, slum village, or common you should check out this album.  (and if you haven't heard of madlib - check him out)  [[ASIN:B000E40UC0 Beat Konducta, Vol. 1-2]]  [[ASIN:B00009OOI6 Shades of Blue]]
B00005LOLD|5.0|\\"Sayonara\\" could have been an overly sentimentalized mix of predictable lectures on the evils of prejudice and the legacy of war, but its very fine performances, attractive stars, generally well-written script, and lush production save it from these traps and offer up a deeply romantic and affecting film experience.  There are a few nits to pick here, notably the casting of Ricardo Montalban as a legendary Japanese NOH actor, and a couple of overly cardboard-evil military bureaucrats, but these don't too adversely affect the overall high quality of the film.    Based on yet another of James Michener's \\"exotic location travelogue\\" novels, Sayonara examines interracial love between members of formerly warring countries (Japan and the United States), in the post-WWII, post-Korean conflict era (the film was released in 1957).  Marlon Brando, in a wonderful performance (I beg to differ on this point from the many reviews below), plays Major Lloyd \\"Ace\\" Gruver, a career Air Force man from a distinguished military family.  Already heavily honored for his work in WWII and the Korean conflict, Ace travels to Japan for some R&R.  His good friend and colleague, Airman Joe Kelly (Red Buttons, who won a Best Supporting Oscar for this role), has already put down roots there after meeting and falling deeply in love with a gentle young Japanese girl named Katsumi (exquisitely played by Miyoshi Umeki).  Kelly, something of a blunt-speaking rebel who doesn't come from the class and money that Ace comes from, wants to marry Katsumi and settle down in Japan, and is running into heavy opposition from Air Force brass.    Ace, as Kelly's superior officer, feels obligated to support the military's position here, and does his best to dissuade Kelly from marriage to a Japanese girl.  Ace fails, but he both likes and respects Kelly, and when he sees Kelly is determined to go through with the marriage, Ace agrees to serve as his best man - after Kelly finally manages to jump through all the hoops the military and the government throw up to prevent such marriages from occurring (and those hoops are a matter of historical record).  After Ace meets the lovely Katsumi at the dismally brusque little civil service, and comes to dinner at Kelly and Katsumi's little home by the canal, Kelly's brimming happiness dissolves Ace's remaining doubts about the marriage.    Ace himself has been engaged for years to the patrician Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens, who ended up in another classic as the wife of the ill-fated scientist in the original, \\"The Fly\\"), daughter of Lt. Gen. Mark Webster, and, therefore, from a family very much like Ace's own.  Hearing of Ace's stay in Tokyo, Eileen's father has brought over his wife and daughter so Eileen and Ace can spend some time together.  They appear to be ideally suited to each other, but Eileen, who is a refreshingly strongly written female character for the 1950s, is not too happy at Ace's tame acceptance of their long engagement, and his lack of urgency about getting married - from these she senses something is missing in their relationship on Ace's side.  Ace brushes off her doubts, reminding her that as members of a somewhat privileged class, they have duties and responsibilities to fulfill before they can suit themselves, and with this Eileen has to be satisfied.    Kelly and Katsumi begin showing Ace around post-war Tokyo, and one evening Ace sees the performance of one of Japan's best-known stage personalities, Hana-ogi, star of the prestigious Matsubayashi School; the school trains girls in singing, dancing, and acting for the stage, and they are strictly prohibited from dating and socializing outside the school (let alone with members of the American military).  The Matsubayashi girls are sort of theatrical vestal virgins, dedicated first to the life of the stage, and then to teaching the next generation, and, after the manner of the unattainable, exert a particular pull on the imaginations of the men in the US military occupying Japan.    For Ace, it is love at first sight.  Throwing caution to the winds and ignoring everything he knows about the barriers to such a relationship, Ace begins to pursue the frosty, off-limits Hana-ogi (nicely played by Miiko Taka, who, similar to actor James Shigeta, was actually an American-born \\"nisei\\" from Hawaii who had to learn the Japanese accent for the role).  Hana-ogi has a passing friendship with Kelly's wife, Katsumi.  To the amazement of all, Ace's dogged pursuit, and the whispers of Katsumi to her friend that the American is neither a boor nor a bigot, eventually melt the coldly unattainable Hana-ogi, and the besotted Ace soon finds himself in exactly the position for which he once lectured Kelly.    It isn't long before word of Ace's affair with Hana-Ogi gets out, and because of Ace's family history and higher rank, it generates even greater horror in the military than did Kelly's affair with Katsumi.  Eileen is humiliated and devastated as she realizes that she was right: Ace's feelings for her lacked a basic passionate gestalt, something that the Japanese performer has aroused in him without effort.  Her family is furious and mortified, and Ace goes from being the Fair-Haired Boy of the Air Force to its outcast.    From this point on, the film follows the difficult course of the two parallel Japanese/American relationships, for Kelly suddenly finds himself once again struggling with bureaucratic interference: despite the seeming finality of his marriage to Katsumi, he is still a career Air Force man, and is recalled home by the military - without his wife.  His despair at the prospect of separation precipitates the film's most moving segment.  Kelly's and Katsumi's fate also serves as the tie-break in Ace's conflict between his duty and his heart, and sets up the conclusion of the film.    The film is explicit about the brutal lengths to which the American military and government went during the occupation to stop G.I.s who wishedto marry Japanese women from doing so; nor does it shy away from exposing the cultural prejudices held by the Japanese (all Westerners are barbarians), and some of the less attractive aspects of traditional Japanese culture: Hana-ogi got into the Matsubayashi school because her poverty-stricken parents sold her, presumably as a future courtesan, but the people who bought her saw her special quality and instead sent her to the school.  Thus, Hana-ogi is also bound by duties and obligations and personal debt that she cannot violate without incurring dishonor.    The performances, starting with Brando's very sympathetic and nuanced portrait of Ace Gruver, are note-perfect - and that includes Brando's southern accent, which did not strike this reviewer as either \\"over the top\\" or out of place - the south produced many distinguished military families.  Red Buttons richly earned his Best Supporting Oscar as the passionately devoted Kelly, and James Garner adds his own unique quality in a supporting role as a Marine also trying to navigate a relationship with a Matsubayashi dancer. Ricardo Montalban gives a remarkably dignified performace as Nakamura, considering the absurdity of his casting in the role, and Patricia Owens gives the unfortunate Eileen depth and character. Miyoshi Umeki and Miiko Taka are convincing and affecting as Katsumi and Hana-ogi (considering that they, too, are inhabiting something of a stereotyped, idealized image of Asian women).  Joshua Logan, who was also Michener's collaborator on the film version of \\"South Pacific\\", did a superb job bringing the locations and story to life, and Franz Waxman composed the evocative score.  The cinematography is beautiful.    This is not the deepest film about interracial prejudice and military stupidity that has ever been made: it is a bit too \\"picturesque\\" for that.  But it is a thoroughly satisfying and beautifully made one.  Thus, despite its length (two and a half hours), and at least one highly questionable casting issue, its powerful story, moving performances, and potent atmosphere have the uncanny ability to hook and keep the viewer emotionally engaged throughout.  Repeat viewings for the sheer experience of the film are likely.
B00005JKLZ|4.0|Synopsis: When Alexander Hartdegen, a brilliant young inventor and visionary loses his true love on the night of his wedding proposal he becomes obsessed with the idea of time travel. Defying the \\"Order of Things\\", he builds a time machine in a vain attempt to change the past and save his beloved. When he discovers he is unable to alter what has already happened he flees into the future in search of the reason why events must remain as they are.<br /><br />What he discovers is a world in the aftermath of cataclysmic destruction where two distinct races, one living above the ground, the other below, have evolved from the ruin.  While this brave new world initially appears to be a New Eden he soon discovers that the old law of survival of the fittest still rules. Will Alexander finally uncover the answer to his question and learn to live once again and can one man from the distant past make a difference in this brave new world? Only time will tell.<br /><br />Critique: I must say I was surprised, no more like stunned. to see that the average rating for the '02 remake `The Time Machine' is only -3 Stars-. OK, I can understand and appreciate the H.G. Wells purists who like to see a storyline remain true to its original source, so there are some valid reasons for their less than enthusiastic feelings about this cinematic re-visioning.<br /><br />However once you move beyond that and embrace the changes you'll discover that this is a beautiful production in every way. The visuals are amazing, the acting solid, the soundtrack inspiring and unforgettable and the storyline surprisingly intelligent, even profound at times.<br /><br />While the original concerns of H G. Wells classic have been replaced by other issues, it is still a thought provoking and entertaining film nevertheless.<br /><br />My Rating: -4 ½ Stars-.
0553583182|5.0|Let me start off by saying that this is the first Review I have ever created...I felt compelled to write this because I owe it after Years of reading all your reviews to base my decisions and I want to give back.  I have studied this arena for over 5 years, and I own and have read literally every book written on this subject   ie: Ester Hicks (Abraham), James Ray, \\"Excuse me, Your life is waiting\\", Dyer, Wattles, Vitale, \\"Secret\\",  etc, etc..  I have always seen this book but for some reason I have ignored it for all these years for reasons unbeknownced to me...until 6 months ago I finally bought it on an \\"impulse\\", and I am grateful I did.  I cannot put a finger on it, but for some reason I am completely drawn to this book and it has changed my life.  Not to be dramatic about it, but reading this book finally turned on the \\"switch\\" in my head.  I cannot explain why this book, over all the others actually made me \\"get it\\".  I don't know about you, but when I read all the other books, I would apply it or think \\"positive\\"  for a week or two and then my mind eventually returns to the sewer   where its been all my life, and in a sick way, its comfortable.  This book has changed my perception on life and put me on a different plane of thinking, and most importantly, changed the way I react to bad situations, especially when the poo hits the fan.  I leave it in my bathroom (sorry, just being honest) and all I need to do is just read a couple of sentences, or even look at the book physically, to remind me and put me back on the right track.  Kinda like charging batteries in a way.  I don't know if it's the authors way of writing, or his style, but for some reason I am drawn to it and actually absorb its information ...It's like my little \\"Genie Lamp\\" I turn to when things go \\"south\\".  I'm a little O.C.D., so I bought 8 copy's for gifts and backups.  I could go on and on praising this book, and I hope this review helps you and others.  I hope this book helps everyone like it has helped me.  Namaste'
B0001I55OC|4.0|Synopsis: Against the backdrop of 14th century France a group of 20th century archeology students and their professor find themselves partaking in history rather than excavating it. They are transported back in time only hours before a pivotal battle between English and French forces is about to begin. While their initial desire is only to escape, as the hostilities progress they find themselves becoming involved in the conflict, choosing sides and ultimately playing an important role in determining the eventual outcome.<br /><br />Critique: The '03 release `Timeline' is an overall entertaining time travel/romance tale that relies on the audience interest in the characters rather than special effects to hold the viewers interest. Along with the time travel scenario there are also two love stories unfolding in this film, one between the professors son Chris (Paul Walker) and archeology student Kate (Frances O'Connor), the other between fellow time traveler Andre (Gerard Butler) and 14th century beauty Lady Claire (Anna Friel). It was the relationship and interplay between Butler and Friel that made the film for me. Without those two this film would've received -3 Stars- at best. Give it a try especially if you're a Gerard Butler fan.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|Im not a fan of ColdPlay but was hoping they might break out of their commercial cage and explore a little as they are talented. When I heard Brian Eno was involved I really got my hopes up. This album unfortunately is blandness personified, im sure Ill hear this at my upcoming corporate retreat.
B000O5AYCA|5.0|and opening for REM and I was blown away.  They managed to take a seemingly disinterested arena full of people and transfix them with their melodic, moody music.  There is a real senstivity to the lyrics that really resonate.  I immediately bought their albums upon returning from that show and their studio productions do not disappoint.  Great stuff.
B0016HNOXQ|4.0|I guess I must be one of the very few here that come to this with no prior knowledge of Portishead. Yes, I know they have issued two prior albums, and this is the first new studio album in over 10 years. But I haven't heard the prior albums, even though I'm aware that Portishead is hugely influential with it's supposed \\"trip-hop\\" sound, whatever that is.<br /><br />\\"Third\\" (11 tracks; 48 min.) starts off with a menacing opener \\"Silence\\" which immediately puts me into a trance and I'm loving it. Vocalist Beth Gibbons sounds mysterious but it only adds to the intrigue and appeal. There are no upbeat tracks on here as such, simply mood pieces and the tracks flow along superbly. \\"Plastic\\" includes threatening helicopter sounds but plays great. My personal favorites on here are \\"We Carry On\\", with a relentless underlying techno-beat that's just mesmerizing, \\"Machine Gun\\", a haunting song, and \\"Magic Doors\\", with an underlying Eastern theme. The guitar-heavy closer \\"Threads\\" sums up the album perfectly for me. In all, this is a fantastic album from start to finish, and I say this with apologies to any Portishead fans of the early days who were not amused by the new album. I had no pre-conceived notions or expectations but have found \\"Third\\" to be an absolute thriller.<br /><br />I had the good fortune of catching Portishead at Coachella earlier this year, and while it took me a while to get into it (they performed on the main stage right after the exuberating set of Kraftwerk), I really got into it eventually, which lead me to checking out this album. Would love to see them again, now that I've come to love this album.
B0016AJU2C|3.0|FLAVORS is a mature sound for Alanis Morissette. Gone is the anger-filled youth searching for her identity. This CD allows the listener to enter her mature world. I personally loved her anger-filled passionate early works. But Flavors still sounds like Alanis, just not so angry & depressed. The lyrics are pure poetry---typical of Alanis. She paints pictures with her words.
B000WTZ784|2.0|Really, that's the only sense I get from this can't-let-it-go release. Mike and Tony had lost Phil totally to his solo career, so they got Ray Wilson in to cover vocals. I don't buy the claim that Wilson sounded more like the the founding singer Peter Gabriel--he comes across more like Paul Carrack with his smoother rather than expressive voice. And having Tony do the keyboard work by himself that it took two other guys to do in the Mechanics was the clincher. It's probably the songwriting--after all, even the 80's lineup did material that was the product of more than two minds. It's a feature of progressive that more than just the singer gets to create the material, but this is the other extreme--the vocalist doesn't write the songs, he's just a mike holder. Hey, that's my new nickname for this used-up Genesis--\\"Mikeholder and the Other Mechanics\\"
B00005JPTI|4.0|I saw this film after it was released and I really loved it.  I've noticed that a substantial portion of the 1 star reviews are because the film strayed too far from the novel (which I have not read, so I didnt have that problem). I thought the movie as a whole was very well done, and its one of my favorite recent films.  My only gripe is that the alternate ending would have fit in much better than the ending that was shown in theatres(IMHO).  I also believe Will Smith did an excellent job.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I like the time period that the movie is set in. Mr. Darcy finally lets Elizabeth know how he feels about her. Its a really good love story.  On the most part its a really clean movie.
B00168ML1G|5.0|I am a big Marvel Comics fan, always have been, but I shall be amongst the first to throw stones at Marvel and Hollywood for the way they've treated so many of me childhood heroes on the silver screen. \\"Spiderman\\" was fine, but all the rest of the lot were... well, less than good.     Then comes \\"Iron Man\\". I was expecting \\"Fantastic Dare-Hulk 7\\" but what I got was something different entirely. It was really good.     \\"Iron Man\\" is well casted, well played, and indeed, well made. The action sequences doesn't steal the picture absolutely, as have been the case with earlier superhero films; nor does the film lack character development. The humour works, for a change, and although this film absolutely is sci-fi d'or, it somehow doesn't seem that far fetched. It is made believable, or at least acceptable.     Some critics will probably say it is not fast paced enough, but not I. I think they made it just right with this one, and I'm genuinely looking forward to the next installment (if one is on the way, of course).    Highly recommendable.
B0013DDM3A|5.0|They were awesome. They bought me ice cream and then sang me a song. I saw their concert and they sang a song just for me.
B00006LLLN|5.0|This album (a collection of songs that AKUS has recorded over the years at a live concert) is easily one of my top 5 favorite albums of all time.  I'm not a fan of honky-tonk country, but I found a love of bluegrass and the amazing insturmentation that goes with it when I first started listening to this group.  From the first song they had me hooked. What amazes me most is that this entire album was recorded live, which just goes to show how talented they all are.  The bits of audience reaction that are included do not get in the way of flow of the songs, but actually add to excitement of the songs.  I loved it so much that I bought the DVD of the concert as well (also great with some documentaries).  If you have other albums by AKUS or Alison Kraus, this is a must have!  It has the very best of AKUS from the last 15 years.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|Coming off of the last 2 Halford albums, Painkiller and Angel Of Retribution, which were both satisfying, I was pumped when I heard this would be a double album. I figured I would be getting 2 albums worth of good stuff. Instead I got about an EP worth of good material out of Nostradamus.    First, the songs aren't very memorable, but my biggest gripe is with the awful production. The synths/strings overpower everything else on the album. During the guitar solos, when I should be hearing the guitar above everything else, I hear that garbage instead because it is much louder than the guitar. Anytime there is the synth, which is most of the time, it is usually the most prominent element. JP is about guitars and Halford's voice and nothing should be overshadowing either of those. I checked the liner notes and Tipton/Downing produced it, as I expected upon hearing it for the first time. This is a prime example where there should have been some outside voice who could bring them back to reality. Even though I don't care for the songwriting that much, I think it still could have been at least OK if it had been produced correctly.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a very quick workout and the system she sets up makes it pretty fun.  Excercise #1 is not very hard, there are a couple of moves that are a bit more difficult, but I found the first one pretty easy (and I am not a hardcore workout fanatic).      I sometimes find that when the workout is done, I could press rewind and do it again, because you are just to the point when adrenaline is kicking in.     But, again, its a good, quick workout, and a good dvd to have available.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|WOW!!!!!  I am speechless when it comes to this release.  Where is the metal?  I have been listening to JP since Unleashed In The East was released.  I am all for change, but at what expense? And I did not expect or want a Painkiller sequel or even a Screaming For Vengeance sequel. Heck, I would of taken a Turbo sequel better than this.  This 2CD set just does not do it for me.  There is not one song on here that really grabs you even after a couple of spins. Maybe I need to listen to it more?  I do not think I can stand too!!      What is a mature version of JP?  If it means 23 tracks of monotony, then I want an immature JP CD to listen to. All I can say that this is very comparable to KISS \\"The Elder\\" and that was a terrible release by KISS.    I do not know how anyone can give this five stars.  Five stars should be reserved only for classics or the utmost exceptional pieces of work and this is neither.  Good thing there are a lot of great metal bands out there.  Can you see Heaven & Hell releasing something like this?  If this is what Priest is going to sound like from now on including the terrible track \\"Loch Ness\\" from their last CD, then I wish Halford never reunited with Priest.  His solo band & Fight have been much better then the last four JP studio releases.
B0009H1CKG|5.0|This is a show you want to see. Even after I went to bed, the music was still jumpin' in my head.
0312330537|4.0|Terribly written, at times Roberts is able to squeeze up to five unrelated metaphors into a single paragraph (see below).     However, for virtue of the great story and the sheer consistency of the bad writing, although this book will never be a life-changer, it remains a ripping read.     Possible candidate for the first movie-was-better-than-the-book award.    Excerpt:  \\"I pressed my lips against the sky, and licked the stars into my mouth...Within velvet cloaks of tenderness, our backs convulsed in quivering heat, pushing heat, pushing muscles to complete what minds begin and bodies always win. I was hers. She was mine. My body was her chariot, and she drove it into the sun. Her body was my river, and I became the sea. And the wailing moan that drove our lips together, at the end, was the world of hope and sorrow that ecstasy wrings from lovers as it floods their souls with bliss.\\" - (Scribe, 2006, p. 400)
B00008973A|3.0|Pretty much a must-have for the musical buff.  High points:  Audrey Landers, several good dancing numbers, Michael Douglas.  Negatives:  A bit on the campy side at times, but still a fun movie to watch.
B0017I1FNK|4.0|this is a great album..if you are a true emmy lou fan. there were a few songs i did not like thus 4 star.. but \\"five & dime\\",\\"kern river\\" etc are great.. must have for emmy lou fans. i enjoyed the album and recommend it.
B00006G8HX|3.0|Average followup to STII:Wrath of Khan.  High points:  Character development (every key character has something to do in this film), Leonard Nimoy.  Low points:  Comparatively weak storyline, a weak job by Christopher Lloyd (I guess I am just used to seeing him in the Back to the Future movies).  Still worth having in your collection, though, if you like Star Trek.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|All I can say is, It Was Worth The Wait!!! Donner Summer is Awesome. Crayon's Is an excellent disc, I recommend it to Everyone!!! Sincerely, Stephen
0689859414|5.0|I purchased it for her 13th birthday, she spent alot of time looking through the pictures, she even brought it to school to show her friends. It made her appreciate the Spiderwick series even more..
B000RPTQ1C|1.0|Coldplay is back to terrorize the world yet again with their 4th studio album, and wow is it ever a stinker.  This cold, calculated industry radio music leaves me yearning for the days of true innovation and revolution in rock and roll.  Instead today we have bands like Coldplay and Radiohead where every move they make is a precalculated marketing ploy that is but one element in a much larger precalculated marketing plan.  There is a definite absence of heart and soul and sincerity in this music.  It might as well have been created by industry-designed robots...and I'm not convinced it wasn't.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|How dare Priest use orchestration. How dare they use keyboards. The sky is falling. Give me a break! Priest's sound has been ready for this for a long time and on Tuesday they delivered it on Disc 2. I had been looking forward to this because i always thought that Priest should do something like this - a record where all the songs revolve around a common theme. Iron Maiden has been doing this for years. Since this is Priest's first time, it is called a concept. The aforementioned orchestration and keyboards only enhance the songs. It certainly isn't a deteriorating factor. Disc 1 serves as the jab that sets up disc 2 which is the overhand right. The first disc is good but the second is the thrill ride and the real meat of this set. In my opinion, anyone that wrote a review of Nostradamus on the first day couldn't have absorbed the music enough to critique it. Given the number of tracks, you will have to give this a few listens before making your own conclusion. As a long time fan i am proud of this effort from the band and i think they did an excellent job. The production is fantastic. For those fans that are still looking for another Screaming for Vengeance or Defenders of the Faith, it's not going to happen so get on with your life. There are too many bands that have tried to go back and recapture the past only to fail miserably. As long as the melody stays strong and their overrall sound stays true (as it does here) i welcome uncharted waters.
0060566108|5.0|Finally, a book that includes ideas that are based on research, not just someone's good ideas and stories. If this doesn't change what you are doing in your business, you'd better stop reading, start writing and tell us all your secrets.   Jim Collins is a great, inspiring author wh will engage you the whole way through.
B000Y35A94|3.0|As an avid phil collins era genesis fan I found myself thinking the release didn't live up to the pre-release hype it generated.  I am so used to the aggressive nature of collins's arranging, vocals, & drumming that I was bored with him this time.  I realize the guys are almost 60 & voices & joints aren't as flexible & strong as when you're half that age.  The chord arrangements were much lower to accommodate collins's poor vocal range (age appropriate).  Genesis songs from the late 70 thru early 90s were so strongly based on phils heavy vocal range that I think so many were now hard to duplicate now because of their age.  Anyway we can't go back to 1978 or 1980 (as much as we want to).  They still showed their dominant ability as muscicians & arrangers that my guess is they have influenced their 3rd generation of musicians even with a subpar effort.  Their staging & lighting were once again trend setting.  I found myself thinking how pretentious the guys were in the extras this time when in the past they always seemed so down to earth.  Collins seemed so crabby & discontent between songs & musical interludes as you can just see him standing there.  I don't know...  I'm just kind of unimpressed this time.  Collins said that genesis would never be a greatest hits band (genesis, a history movie) & I think that's what's happened now.  This is their 2nd biggest blunder next to calling all stations (huge mistake).  I just wish they could have faded away after we can't dance at the top & stayed away from the greatest hits crap that all bands end up doing.  anyway this dvd is okay but I think it was subpar musically from where they came 20-30 years prior.  I'm not living in the past but I think that some things are better left alone.
B00005JKN9|4.0|Scorsese's direction is right-on in this period film.  Very impressive acting by Diaz is surprising as well.  Lewis and DiCaprio give Oscar worthy performances as well.  The screenplay is so convoluted in sections that you'll wonder if it will ever straighten out:  It does.  This spool of yarn that irritates you to unravel,  reveals a beautiful pearl inside.
0743297334|4.0|Our book club selected The Sun Also Rises as last month's reading selection. Several had read the book years ago and were now re-reading it, while others had never read it. It was not everyone's favorite book, but we all admired Hemmingway's ability to convey complex characters and undercurrents using the simplest of words and spare writing style. It is Hemingway's enduring magic.
B000GCFO0I|5.0|My expectation of this film was low at the get-go:  I'm not,  nor have I ever been a \\"gamer\\" or had any interest in video games.  I watched this film with a slight grimace,  from the opening scene.  That grimace's etiology soon changed from sarcasm to intensity.  The cinematography caught my eye from the second scene.  The set decoration is pristine and the overall setting of the film is perfect.  I found the acting to be on point and the delivery of these lines,  from a great screenplay,  to be perfect.  The film does deliver it's intensity of gore,  but you can glance away and return quickly to your screen,  and you'll have missed nothing of this wonderfully crafted horror film.  I know NOTHING of the director,  writer, producers or any of the actors in this film:  I'm reviewing this film at it's core - A great film,  and most of,  a rarity in today's Hollywood - A very ENTERTAINING film.
B0010V4TZU|5.0|Vampire Weekend.  Really?    The name alone made me never want to hear this CD.  Luckily, I clicked to listen to a sample.  The King Sunny Ade-style guitar immediately caught my attention.  This could be good, or it could be really pretentious.    Fortunately, upon receiving the album, I found a quartet of college kids who simply love fun music.  Vampire Weekend takes their favorite sounds (organ, drums, African guitar), their favorite pop-stylings (reggae, ska, Juju), add some Talking Heads-ish smarty pants lyrics, a dash of Paul Simon in the lead vocals and create truly energetic songs that are surprisingly melodic and well-structured.    In indie-rock, melody-driven material is not easy to come by and more often than not, what meldoy there is usually sounds like an afterthought.  But VW puts melody back where it belongs ... in your ear and stuck in the back of your brain for days on end.    As a music listener who has incredibly eclectic tastes, but is also extremely critical, I find myself disappointed by almost every new \\"hot\\" band that emerges on the indie market (trust me, I hate most of even the most successful ones like Franz Ferdinand, Strokes My Chemical Romance and The Killers).  Vampire Weekend was the first \\"hyped\\" release I have heard in years that I actually fell in love with.
0380789035|5.0|Gaiman is a modern bard, he weaves the old tales into a new mythology that is complete and inspiring. Thank you Neil :)
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|I have watched this 20 or more times over the last 25 years. I never grow bored with it. It was a soundtrack for my teenage alienation. Absolutely brilliant.
B000F2CC72|5.0|I bought this for my children and they love it! A must by for any Michael fan!
1855384396|1.0|Embraced by the Light is one cliche after another.  This book is written as 'proof' that Jesus is God, and affirms the faith of the author and anyone willing to believe her words.<br /><br />Most of the story on her early struggles with faith, her near death experience, visions, etc are no different than any other near death account from a devoted Christian.  Her vision seems to me to be something similar to an acid-trip, as the vividness  and 'knowledge' she discovered is much like that of one using psychedelics.<br /><br />The authors style is one of cheap religious inspiration...no wonder this was a bestseller.  It preys on our desire to find deeper meaning in the world and to affirm existing faiths as truths.
B00139W3NE|3.0|I enjoyed the film and don't have a lot to add to prior reviews.  I was, however, very surprised at the terrible make-up job on Nicole Kidman athroughout.  I realize that Mrs. Coulter is supposed to look \\"hard\\", but it was way, way overdone.  The eyebrows were actually cartoonish.  Why do they do this?
B000VWYJ86|1.0|Follow the link: [...]  Read it.  That way you fully understand that the movie you are thinking of watching is not the book adaptation.  It is poorly thought up cliches that were vomitted from the bowels of someones cobwebbed imagination.<br /><br />This is the third installation of a horribly adapted movie.  The entire Bourne Franchise should be given the Worst Adaptation to a book ever.  I will say this - for the first time I really appreciated the Bourne Character played by Matt Damon.  He has always played Bourne really well.  However - who are the rest of these characters? What is BlackBrair? Who is Nicky Page? Who is?.... the list goes on.  What happened to Carlos the Jackal? What happened to Moe Panov? What happened to Alexander Conklin? Who in the world are all these characters?  The series sucks because the deviated so far from the book that the beloved character no longer exists.<br /><br />Truly. Truly. Truly dissapointing.
B0018M6J90|4.0|A quick review:<br /><br />I wanted to live in this movie. It is total eye-candy for the vintage-lover. Amazing costumes, thoughtful cinematography. Lighthearted with some hilarious scenes and good acting. A sentimental glance at love and what's worth having and losing, and amuse-bouche of the endangered virtue of personal integrity. Something about this movie reminded me of Down With Love, so if you liked that one, you'd probably like this one. I'm going to pre-order!
B00023B1LC|1.0|The movie is awful. Boring. Plotless and the only thing that relates to the entire book is the title The Bourne Identity.  The books that the movie is based on are three of the most cherished books in my library.  1st they do a really poor job of introducing the characters.  It was not till the third installation that I finally learned the name of several of the characters.<br /><br />Let me just list off who is not in the movie (these are MAJOR characters in the book too!):<br /><br />Alexander Conklin - Jason Bourne's creator & friend.<br />Moe Panov - Jason Bourne's doctor & friend.<br />Carlos - Jason Bourne's nemesis, his equal.<br /><br />These three characters are NOT just paramount in the story line - they ARE the story line.<br /><br />I am certain that the screenwriters, directors and everyone else on board with this movie never read the books and only wanted to make a quick buck.<br /><br />A sad excuse for a good book.  An absolute chaotic nightmare!
0385338686|4.0|The UnDomestic Goddess by Sophie Kinsella (Hardback Edition)<br />Review by K. Haney<br />If this is your first encounter with Sophie Kinsella's joyous writing, you will not be disappointed and will be eager to read more of her work. For those fans of the Shopaholic series, this book will be another addition to your collection of fabulous, fun reads in the Kinsella style! However, be warned that Samantha Sweeting is not Becky Bloomwood. Although Bloomwood from the Shopaholic series is great fun and addictive reading, with Samantha Sweeting, Kinsella brings more depth to the main character.<br />Sweeting is a lawyer nearing her 30's and on her way to becoming a partner in a prestigious law firm. However, her work is her life spurred on by an over achieving mother and what Samantha has thought is the life she really wants. When she discovers a crash-and-burn mistake she made at her Carter Spink Law Firm, and that it will cost the firm dearly, she flees London with no thoughts in mind as to where she is going or what she will do.<br />This is what brings Samantha Sweeting to a tiny suburb of London and to the home of Trish and Eddie Geiger. The Geigers mistake Samantha for a housekeeping job applicant they had been expecting. In her frantic need to get away from the problems in London, Samantha goes along with the mistaken identity and takes the job thinking it will at least give her a place to stay for a few days to think things through. She fails to consider the fact that a housekeeper is expected to cook and clean, something that is low on Samantha's list of qualifications. Cooking to her means \\"order in\\", and cleaning is something that miraculously has happened when she gets home from the firm and the help has taken care of things. With the reader's imagination allowing for a few impractical and unreal situations, Samantha is able to fool the Geigers with her quick thinking and chicanery.<br />Things go fine for a bit until Samantha encounters a wise and dreamy gardener who is not so blind to what she is doing.  With \\"creative\\" genius, Samantha keeps things going in the house for a while but the gorgeous and clever gardener becomes a problem as she finds herself attracted to him. The hilarious situations, quirky almost believable characters, and a Samantha that you care about, is what Kinsella creates in The Undomestic Goddess and what makes for an enjoyable, funny, and light read that will entertain you and keep you turning the pages to find out what happens to Samantha.so blind to what she is doing.  With \\"creative\\" genius, Samantha keeps things going in the house for a while but the gorgeous and clever gardener becomes a problem as she finds herself attracted to him. The hilarious situations, quirky almost believable characters, and a Samantha that you care about, is what Kinsella creates in The Undomestic Goddess and what makes for an enjoyable, funny, and light read that will entertain you and keep you turning the pages to find out what happens to Samantha.
B0010YSD7M|4.0|Even after reading all the terrible reviews here, I decided to take a chance and buy it anyway. I was expecting the worst and maybe that helped to make it one of the most enjoyable Stargate experiences I've had. Wasn't perfect at all but I really enjoyed every minute of it. I guess my expectations were a little lower than most.    So i suggest to everyone that has some doubts, go read all the bad reviews first, then buy it. You might just enjoy it as much as i did. A must for any fan.
B00132D808|2.0|When Panic!'s 1st (AWESOME) Album was released, I was totally stoked. Their music reminded me of Fall Out Boy meets Dresden Dolls and I loved each and every single song on that album. I was also fortunate enough to catch them at a small venue and I really dug their live show as well. Talk about entertainment at its finest! Their live set just reinforced my admiration for this band because personally, I strictly judge bands by their \\"live\\" performance (cuz lord KNOWS any schmo can record a hit in the studio). Naturally I couldnt wait for their new album to hit the streets, especially because \\"Nine in the Afternoon\\" was a catchy little ditty. Well, I snatched that bad boy up and the intro kicks in. Im Intrigued. Yes I am. Then it goes into \\"Nine\\" and its all good. After that Im like WTF? Talk about disappointment! Guess these kids are going to be back in Vegas playing \\"what THEY want to play\\" in no time. Too bad that original idea from their first album fell by the wayside and they decided to reincarnate The Beatles. Not a good move in my opinion. Why take a formula that works and change it? Thats the kryptonite for bands, dont you know? I mean, yes, its good to mature over time, but stick to the formula that works! Dont create such an extreme departure from YOUR original sound on your second effort! Well, I'll always love \\"Fever\\"... My only hope is that they go back to their original sound on their third album otherwise they have lost a fan. Very Disappointed!
B0010V4TZU|4.0|This is the kind of album that really fits into a groove. For all the intense praise hyped upon \\"VW\\", it's important to recognize that these songs are relatively simple and intentionally restrained despite the potential to harness their epic and pop-soaring potential. The bourgeois string arrangements are a great touch to most songs, if not a bit much at times, almost compromising the `groove' element I mentioned before. For the most part, the intros and verses of these songs are far superior to the choruses, ( of which most smack of repetitive indie rock janglyness). I almost wish sometimes that this album was entirely instrumental. (Imagine \\"M79\\" with no words and you get the idea).    Overall, good stuff, great for several listens and slightly deeper musically than what is initially revealed on first listen. However, like similar albums such as Hot Hot Heat's debut and Franz Ferdinand's self-titled, VW's first effort will need some solid follow-ups to be considered truly great.     But it gets a four out of five for the following reasons:    \\"The Kids Don't Stand a Chance\\" continues the tradition of great songs that start with \\"The Kids...\\" in the title.    All I honestly need from this album are seconds :56 to 1:07 of \\"Oxford Comma\\". For me, the greatest few seconds contained in a song from 2008.
B000WMFZMY|2.0|The sound of the El Cid is not good.  When you make it loud to hear the conversation - it will be too loud if there is only music and no dialogue.
0321525655|5.0|In this beautifully designed and well written manifesto, Garr Reynolds illustrates how your presentations can engage and even inspire audiences, with just a little more effort and imagination in the preparation and design stages.<br /><br />Most presentations we see are lists of bullet points. They are entirely 'left brain.' The best presentations, Reynolds says, use 'whole mind'  aptitudes and talents.  During preparation, he advises, get away from your computer.  Use paper and pen to sketch out rough ideas in the early stages.<br /><br />Remember that design is not decoration. Design is about making conscious decisions about inclusion and exclusion.  Simplicity is powerful.  Simplicity 'comes from an intelligent desire for clarity that gets to the essence of an issue, something which is not easy to do.'<br /><br />Make your audience feel something. Example: You're explaining the devastation of hurricane Katrina. Do you use bullet points, data, and talking points? Or do you show pictures of the wreckage and flooding and human suffering?
B0012E6R3W|5.0|Quite simply, this is what St. Anger should have been... All hail Testament! This is a phenomenal album. I could not be more impressed. After 9 years, they have returned with a vengeance. Step aside Metallica. In fact, retire. You couldn't touch this if you tried. Heavy, fast, awesome lead breaks, great lyrics, great music. The bar for 2008 has been set. To all the metal bands in the studio... good luck. Testament has ascended to the throne... Long may the reign.
B000WQWPKA|2.0|After watching the first twenty minutes of this film I had to eject the disc. Having watched the DVD countless times, there is a natural progression of the plot. The Blu-Ray version seems to have thrown all cohesion out the window in favor of god knows what, by deleting multiple scenes. These scenes assist in character development.     It just amazes me that here we have 30+GB of space on Blu-Ray, plenty THEY SAY to have all sorts of extra content, but not the whole movie?    I gave it two stars because I just can't force myself to give one of my favorite movies a single star.    I suppose a few years from now a \\"Limited\\" edition Blu-Ray will pop up with those missing eight minutes...
B0018OAPAW|4.0|The Offspring have been one of my favorite bands since I was 12.  I have practically grown up with them as an integral part of the soundtrack of my life.  That being said, Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace is a great album.  I'm not going to say it doesn't have its faults, but this is definitely one of the most cohesive ALBUMS they have put out.  I use album instead of CDs they have previously released where it was clear there were a few front-runners for a single, and a whole bunch of fillers.    What I didn't like about it?  The production quality does not add anything to this one, and actually detracts from the quality at times.  It sounds as if Bob Rock (jerk) forced a gritty, flat overlay onto an album that is truly dynamic and complicated underneath.  Its almost like listening to one of your favorite songs with a bad set of blown-out headphones.      What I liked?  Plenty to make me overlook the production.  As I said, as a fan of the Offsping, I love/respect them for their various tones, changes, and ability to adapt their sound on every album while still keeping the unique sound that made them in the first place.  Dexter's one-of-a-kind voice and the band's smooth use of harmonies really take the forefront on this record, more so than their previous.    Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace is a step up for the Offspring as it does have a more mature and cohesive sound.  The songs, while each different, all share the same feel of a band who has done it all and is looking to make an album for themselves and their fans, not their critics.  While I enjoy Splinter and Americana, those albums definitely had the feel of being written \\"with a gun to your head\\", with some great singles, and a lot of filler.  Conspiracy of One was a great album, but I felt they lost themselves in trying to emulate the other bands at the time.  This new album definitely stands out from the whiney, depressive so-called \\"punk-rock\\" that sadly infests the genre today.    Rise and Fall is definitelya return to what the Offspring do best.  SoCal rooted songs with great transitions and flows, and excellent story-telling lyrics. a truly diverse album, but not in a way where it takes away from the enjoyment.  This is a true \\"Push play, and never need to touch the skip button\\" album.  Definitely worth it!
B0012Q732O|1.0|This movie was trashed enough by other reviewrs so i just say i agree with them , this movie is boring , it could not make me feel anything , not surprise , not concerned , nothing except boredon .
B000VLE3IS|5.0|I love Led Zepplin and this package has all the great songs rolled into 2 cd's along with footage from their concerts. Anyone who is a Led Zepplin fan, this is a must for their library
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|I liked the book , and i do not understand what went wrongh with JUMPER , unlike the book the story is \\" empty\\" i did not care less about any of the characters * except the british guy *  such a waste of potential , rayden cristensen is a terrible actor and coupling with that girl from the O.C.   UAU ....... get's even worst .  I do not recomend jumper for anyone especially the ones who read the book.
B00005N6KG|5.0|Ok, so if you are like me and can't stand those miserable ipod head phones that come with your ipod, then these sony's are for you. The sound quality is awsome. The best thing about them is that they don't pop out of your ears at random (the way the white ipod ones do, and you know what I'm talking about). The fact that they go over the head makes them perfect for outdoor walks, runs or dog walking. I got 3 sets i liked them so much, and at the cost they are excellent. The sound quality is fantastic and the weight of the headset is really light. Remember your first sony sports walkman in the 80's that came with simillar headphones, well, these are so much lighter and allow for \\"surround sound like quality\\". You won't be sorry you got these, they get along great with my ipod and my iphone. Don't delay, get your's now .
B0011Z5IXC|5.0|I know the songs, i have listened to them back to back in a good audio rig, the new against the nineties remasters, and really i do not hear THAT great difference spelled in other articles.<br />Indeed certain frecuences were leveled in this 2007 job, but the old remasters sound very very well.  My recommendation - buy the complete studio works box, the old live The song remains the same -read my review about the brutal trimming Jimmy did on majestic songs. -, and How the west was won.<br />Also, Page declared remixing the instrument and voice tracks would take ages in the studio. There was no remixing as mentioned somewhere else.
B0015XASFS|5.0|This DVD/CD is wonderful - wonderful.  I saw it on the big screen in  San Francisco.  The high definition is exciting and the surround  sound is just perfect.  This is Josh at his very best.  Singing his  heart out and interacting with his adoring fans!!  This DVD is   almost like being at a live concert.  (I attended three of his Awake  concerts).  Josh is the \\"voice of the century\\" and the DVD can be  seen by the entire family.  This is Josh at his musical best.  I  highly recommend this DVD/CD.  The CD includes songs from his live  concert.
0316010669|5.0|Malcolm Gladwell is a \\"gatekeeper.\\" In his book, Blink, he opens the gate to a room of self-discovery - a room that allows the reader, perhaps for the first time, to realize that our actions and judgments often are not as \\"objective\\" as we might think.  Mr. Gladwell, through a series of examples and stories, explains that we each have our own \\"programming\\" - dare I say \\"prejudices\\" - about how we (and the cultures we grow up in) judge and respond to things we \\"see\\" and \\"know to be true\\".    He also says there are other more benign, untainted impressions that come to us in the \\"blink\\" of an eye.  About these untainted impressions he says: \\"We don't know where our first impressions come from or precisely what they mean, so we don't always appreciate their fragility.\\"  Implicitly he suggests that we also don't realize how powerful our \\"programming\\" is to potentially override and taint those benign and fragile first impressions.     Mr. Gladwell provides examples of what some people have done to preserve their \\"blink\\" experiences and offset their \\"pre-programming\\" - a fun read - I recommend it.     As I was reading through the book, I was reminded of two other books (both of which I highly recommend) by Ariel and Shya Kane.  In [[ASIN:1888043040 Working on Yourself Doesn't Work: A Book About Instantaneous Transformation]] and [[ASIN:1888043180 Being Here: Modern Day Tales of Enlightenment]], the authors include discussions of human mechanical behaviors - behaviors we absorb from our families and cultures at an early age.  They point out that we are mostly unaware of these mechanics and until we become aware of them, they can influence and even \\"control\\" our behavior and life choices - very eye-opening and easy to read as well!    All three of these books are well worth reading - enjoy!
0321356683|4.0|I like the code examples. Even though I have been a java developer for 5-6 years, there were things I really wouldn't have known if not for this book. The writing style is clear and easy to understand. I keep referring to this book for my day to day work at my job.
B000KX0HVY|5.0|You will not make a mistake buying this Elvis CD! This IS Elvis as you remembered him or as you want to know him now.  What a star! What a voice! DO NOT buy a musacked CD where the cuts are sanitized because he was thought to be so outrageous.  This, along with Elvis Live, just about does it and if I had to choose one... well it could be a toss-up but this one would cover a lot of ground.  You can't go wrong with this one!  No wonder, when I arrived by boat, from Cos, Greece, to the seaport of Kusadasi, Turkey and stepped off the ferry the seaside cafes were blaring Elvis. Trite but true he rocks for eternity!
0783225547|5.0|I think I received this movie on time (not important at the time). Great movie, had seen it at least twice before. Good story line, great action but family-friendly so I had no hesitation in letting our five and six year olds see it with us. Highly recommended.
B0014127BO|4.0|That title is likely an incindiary one, considering some of the bile being spewed in the less than complimentary reviews.  I don't begrudge people's opinions, certainly, and for folks who grew up on Reckless and Cuts Like a Knife, things may be different.    I was not an Adams fan until Waking Up The Neighbours came out.  It was the Robin Hood song that hooked me, I'll admit, but also the videos at that time.  I was fourteen, okay?  Waking Up the Neighbours, arguably his greatest single release of his career, launched him into the stratosphere of Rock legend.    I've seen it written here that Adams has never taken a risk in his career, and that is a baldly false statement on its face.  I submit that he did take a career risk and got burned for it.   Adams toured the ENTIRE WORLD for four straight years with his already extensive catalog, not to mention his Guinness record-breaking Everything I Do.  Adams' staple has always been his live performances, and so with his extensive touring, he continued to establish himself as one of the best live acts around.    Somewhere around 1995, A&M records threw a temper tantrum and started cleaning house.  One of the greatest travesties in the history of the Music Industry was the idea that the contract for one of the best-selling rock musicians of all time should be moved to Hip-Hop label Interscope, directly on the heels of his multiple-platinum record-breaking release.    It is perhaps poor timing on Adam's part that 18 Til I Die was an experiment in grungy rock star behavior.  With catchy tunes like the title single, It Ain't a Party (If you can't come round), and the Don Juan DiMarco tune Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman, the album also featured departures from Adams' typical shtick.  The song Star quietly appeared in the Robin Williams vehicle Jack, containing an atypical profanity.  I Wanna Be (Your Underwear) was an experiment in writing a love song with tongue planted firmly in cheek, and We're Gonna Win was a rare sports-themed anthem.      The liner art identified with the Spanish/Caribbean-themed Don Juan DiMarco film, also reflecting the culture local to Adams' equatorial Villa hideaway where he recorded the project.  It also contained some ultimately pretentious photos of Adams, and he admitted in an interview that the entire album was intended as a tongue-in-cheek nod to the pretention and angst of the rock star shtick of the mid-nineties.    Adams DID take a risk, and with the travesty done to him by A&M, his career and exposure was set back to a great degree.  On a Day Like Today was a Euro-pop inspired turn back from the previous venture.  Also very different from his former output, more internally focused and a little more relaxed.  Room Service was yet another experiment, recorded entirely in his hotel rooms, as well as this new album, 11.    Admittedly, Adams was never a deep lyricist, having rarely opined on political or social things ala Springsteen and Mellencamp, but he's always made a name on having fun.  These songs are written to be performed live, and they've never been intended to be some sort of high-minded artistic expression of deeply-held sentiment and thought-provoking treatises on the state of affairs in our world.  Who needs that crap?!  I want my music to be fun to listen to, and as a musician, fun to play and sing.    Why do people complain that there are tracks reminiscent of other eighties hits, like Mysterious Ways, We Found What We Were Looking For, Broken Wings and She's Got a Way?  Is there some statute of limitations for song titles that Adams has violated here?  Can songs stand on their own?  They do.    These tunes are more melodic that they were on On a Day Like Today.  The lyrics aren't Shakespeare, but they are perhaps more heartfelt than they have ever seemed in the past.  Adams and his crew have taken greater care in ensuring the instrumentation gives the best sound possible, and even the chord progressions themselves seem more tastefulthan they have in a long time.    I have waited seventeen years for Adams to return to the Hard-Rocking, almost Def Leppard-like sound of Neighbours, and he's still not quite there.  Perhaps when he returns to the studio again we will see something more aggressive.      But it's been over twenty years since Reckless.  Adams is a mature adult now, not a young rock star.  Despite his age, he still sounds the same, looks the same, and rocks just as hard live as he ever did, unlike certain other aging rock stars from his era.  Forgive him if he's mellowed out a bit.  I'd rather see that then an attempt to revive something that just isn't there, hello Rolling Stones?
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is by far the best HD nature documentary I've seen so far.  Very spectacular views and very well done.
B0008JIJ2E|5.0|The Karate Kid starring Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita is truly a treasure from the '80s. I love this film so much, I remember watching this movie over and over again as a little girl. Elisabeth Shue also stars, she is great in this film, I am a big fan of her work. I love the scene where Macchio's character goes to a Halloween party dressed like a shower, it's hilarious! I highly recommend this coming of age flick, great to watch with family and friends, enjoy!
B000069AUI|2.0|I was given this album as a gift three years ago and while it was new to me I immediately noticed that the lead vocalist had no idea of how to break away from singing very \\"clunkily\\" in syllables...to every song!!!<br />I haven't read all the reviews to this album (would take days) but wonder if he annoys anyone else as much as he annoys me?
B000002KBU|5.0|This album is so indicative of the hippie genre and how we lived it. Joni has captured that era in her songs \\"Little Green\\" and \\"My Old Man\\". All the songs on this collection are awesome and they will stay in your head and on your \\"pod\\" for time immemorial. I love this music for the memories and the good feelings it creates now.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|Season one set the rules  Season two broke the rules  Season three? all bets are off.... This show is the best sitcom on TV by so far it is almost unfair, i sit up their with Seinfeld? Family Guy? Scrubs? yes yes and HELL YES!  Most TV sitcoms have a 3rd season lull but this somehow got even better, you will laugh harder and fall in love with the characters even more...  Great cameo's from Britney Spears and James Van Der Beek (DAWSON!!), this season is just as good if not better than the previous.. If you have not got into this show, buy all 3 seasons and get ready to loose a lot of sleep.  one word... Legen WAIT FOR IT... DARY!
1416526242|5.0|It's rare to find autobiography as absorbing as this. Not only because of the author's unusual path from the desert of Somalia to the USA via the Netherlands, but also on account of the absorbing writing style. Clear and descriptive, the narrative of her eventful life had a profound impact on this reader. Born and raised in Somalia, Ayaan spent part of her youth in neighboring countries like Saudi Arabia, Ethiopia and Kenya, recounting what it was like to live there through the eyes of a child.<br /><br />She gives a lively account of the history of Somalia under the dictatorship of Siad Barre, explaining the clan system and comparing the relaxed Muslim practice in that country with the rigidy of Saudi Arabia and the hypocrisy and racism that go along with it. The short experience of Ethiopia and later the long stay in Kenya, both predominantly Christian countries, were different again and she really captivates with her descriptions of places and people. One of her most salient memories is the obsessive [[ASIN:965229215X anti-Semitism]] in Saudi Arabia. Where her family lived in the city of Riyadh, Jews were blamed for [[ASIN:1591025540 everything]].<br /><br />A sub-theme of the book is the increased radicalization of Muslims, partly because of the failures and the suffering brought about by Barre and the chaos of the civil war that unseated him. She noted this radicalization taking place amongst Somalis and others in Kenya where she spent most of her adolescence. This radical strain was brought to Africa by Arabs and Iranians, both [[ASIN:0595289444 Sunni]] and Shia, also reflecting the failure of secular ideologies and bad government in the dictatorships of the [[ASIN:1596980281 Islamic]] world.<br /><br />There are sympathetic but honest portrayals of her family and friends: her mother who showed healthy signs of independence early in life but eventually lost hope and became embittered, her loving and tolerant but mostly absent father, her brother who stayed in Kenya and her sister who, when she couldn't cope in Holland, died tragically after returning to Kenya.<br /><br />Far from stirring up feelings against Islam, this book makes one contemplate with empathy the location of each individual's birth, how little free choice there really is in a closed society, the powerful hold of your community's history and culture, the difficulty of resisting brainwashing and how grateful people in free societies ought to be for the blessings that a lot of us take for granted.<br /><br />Infidel is also about a second journey: A journey of the mind from the strictures of stifling, oppressive faith to the liberation of enlightenment and the embrace of [[ASIN:1932236473 Western]] values like individual freedom, freedom of speech and the rule of law. The fact that the individual mattered and had a right to life, to choice and freedom, was a joyful discovery.<br /><br />This theme interweaves with the history she so deftly chronicles: the collapse of Somalia, the slow decline in Kenya, Dutch politics in the face of dysfunctional multiculturalism that however well intended, harms individuals in the immigrant communities and society as a whole. More information of these developments in The Netherlands and [[ASIN:0847827534 Europe]] as a whole is available in [[ASIN:0767920058 While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within]] by Bruce Bawer and [[ASIN:1400097703 Menace in Europe: Why the Continent's Crisis Is America's, Too]] by Claire Berlinski.<br /><br />It is humbling to read of the author's wonderment and appreciation when she discovered Dutch society where even the police were friendly and helpful and where everything worked. Ayaan clearly loves The Netherlands; her words radiate with gratitude and appreciation of the culture and society. I especially enjoyed the account of her studies at the University of Leiden where she studies the great Western philosophers.<br /><br />Sometimes harrowing, the story of Infidel includes innocent childhood memories, mutilation, war, deprivation, tragedy, adventure, drastic adaptation and inspiring achievements. It is clear that Ayaan Hirsi Ali is an unusually courageous, empathic and resourceful individual. There are 11 black & white plates of family and other people who played a part in her life. As far as the religious aspect is concerned, I recommend the following informative books by two equally courageous women: [[ASIN:B00150IIKS Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America]] by Brigitte Gabriel and [[ASIN:B000W8WSGY Now They Call Me Infidel: Why I Renounced Jihad for America, Israel, and the War on Terror]] by Nonie Darwish.deprivation, tragedy, adventure, drastic adaptation and inspiring achievements. It is clear that Ayaan Hirsi Ali is an unusually courageous, empathic and resourceful individual. There are 11 black & white plates of family and other people who played a part in her life. As far as the religious aspect is concerned, I recommend the following informative books by two equally courageous women: [[ASIN:B00150IIKS Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America]] by Brigitte Gabriel and [[ASIN:B000W8WSGY Now They Call Me Infidel: Why I Renounced Jihad for America, Israel, and the War on Terror]] by Nonie Darwish.
B00164DWEA|4.0|The Incredible Hulk returns with a different lead actor and the Hulk has a new face and body.<br />  Those that were dissappointed in the first \\"Hulk\\" motion picture will find this second film much better and satisfying.<br />  Bruce Banner (now played by Edward Norton) is hiding in Brazil. Still suffering from the effects of the gamma rays that metabolize him into the Hulk everytime his heart rate and blood pressure increases above the level.  He tries to control it the best he can and is still looking for a botanical cure...any cure.<br />  At his work at the bottling company, he cuts himself on the electrical box switch and his infected blood drips and falls below. Knowing the health and safety laws, Bruce races down to the conveyer belt and finds the blood spill. He cleans it up. Unbeknowst to him, part of his blood has already passed through onto an open bottle being processed.<br />  The bottle ends up in the United States in the refrigerator of an man (Stan Lee in a cameo appearance). He drinks of it and suddenly the bottle falls to the floor. We don't see what happened to him, but we are told he got quite a kick.<br />  General Ross (now played by William Hurt) is told of this incident and it puts him on the right track to Bruce. he knows for sure that Bruce Banner becomes the Hulk, but he is also after Bruce for the military secrets he knows.<br />  General Ross has a secret weapon of his own to conquer the Hulk in Emil Blonsky (Tim Roth) who has been injected to morph as the \\"Abomination\\" beast.<br />  With the help of his former girlfriend Betty Ross (now played by Liv Tyler), he will try to control his rampage.<br />  Al this leads to a showdown between the Hulk and the Abomination beast in downtown Harlem.<br />  The very last minute of this film (before ending credits) contains a nice surprise cameo appearance ensuring the Hulk will return in another movie in the near future.<br />  Thanks to some lightning effects in the film, we also get to see the Hulk in his original comic book grey color.<br />  Bill Bixby, who played \\"Dr. David Bruce Banner\\" in the original live action tv series, \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" (1978-82,88,89,90) is seen in archive footage from the tv series, \\"The Courtship of Eddie's Father\\" (1969-72)<br />  Lou Ferrigno, who played \\"The Hulk\\" in the original live action tv series, \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" (1978-82, 88,89,90) returns in a cameo appearance as the University Security Guard accepting a pizza.<br /><br /> Update: The Hulk will return in the movie , The Avengers, to be released May 4, 2012. Mark Ruffalo will play \\"Banner\\". Lou Ferrigno will be the voice of \\"The Incredible Hulk\\".<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001ECDVH2 The Incredible Hulk: The Complete Series]] (1978-82).<br />[[ASIN:B00715QLKK Incredible Hulk Returns]] (1988-tvm). With Thor.<br />[[ASIN:B00715QRM2 The Trial of the Incredible Hulk]] (1989-tvm).<br />[[ASIN:B00009ATIM The Death of the Incredible Hulk]] (1990)-tvm).<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00285K1EK The Hulk]] (2003).<br />[[ASIN:B00AA2W4L6 Iron Man [HD]]] (2008).<br />The Incredible Hulk (2008).<br /> Iron Man 2 (2010).<br />[[ASIN:B005H9B44A Thor]] (2011).<br />Captain America (2011).<br />[[ASIN:B0099RFVXQ Marvel's The Avengers [HD]]] (2012).<br />[[ASIN:B00EB6F1TY Iron Man 3 (plus bonus features) [HD]]] (2013).<br />Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D, ABC 2013-present.<br /><br />Thor: The Dark World (2013).<br />  Story continues on [[ASIN:B00KMXQIYM Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Season 1]], episode 8 (The Well), broadcast November 19, 2013.<br /><br />Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014).<br />Guardians of the Galaxy (2014).<br />  Marvel's Agent Carter tv series (ABC, January 6, 2015)<br />  Marvel's Jessica Jones online series (Netfilx, April 10, 2015).<br />The Avengers: Age of Ultron will be released May 1, 2015.<br />Ant-Man will be released July 17, 2015.<br />Captain America 3: Civil War to be released May 6, 2016. (with Iron Man)<br />Doctor Strange will be released November 4, 2016.<br />Guardians of the Galaxy 2 to be released May 5, 2017.<br />Black Panther to be released November 3, 2017.<br />Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 to be released May 2018.<br />Ms. Captain Marvel to be released July 6, 2018.<br />Inhumans to be released November 2, 2018.<br />Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 to be released May 2019..<br />Guardians of the Galaxy 2 to be released May 5, 2017.<br />Black Panther to be released November 3, 2017.<br />Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 to be released May 2018.<br />Ms. Captain Marvel to be released July 6, 2018.<br />Inhumans to be released November 2, 2018.<br />Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 to be released May 2019.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|LOVE this show! Lorelai & Rory and the rest of the cast are so addictive! Received package quickly and in great condition! Will buy from Amazon again!
B000W7JWUA|4.0|It brings a lot of fun to me and my friends. It's a nice party game and the play time is not very long which is good so we can play multiple times in one party.
B000UX6THK|5.0|Alright I completely understand your frustation for those who bought seasons 1-2 special edition sets, ( not cheap might I add ) only to find out about this a few months later...it hurts. The real tell should of been what was missing in the first sets, come on no pilot...really. Well this is what should of been there the first time, the motherload. If you liked this series, this is everything you could ever love about it in one beautiful gold box! picture quality...excellent, sound...excellent, extras...hours and hours. This is worth the price and more, so don't be sore, just e-bay those previous editions and run,RUN and buy this or you will forever be sorry you didn't.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|The only good thing about this cd is that when Im tired It makes me wanna sleep.So If you don't get alot of sleep get this.This will put you to sleep.The music today is just plain aweful.
B000002UAU|5.0|Winning a Survey in England by a landslide as the Best Album Ever, this Beatles album does not disappoint. What a joy to hear all those songs again! These guys are Fab!
0446530891|2.0|The book grabbed me from the start -- it had suspense, conspiracy, interesting characters, etc.  Somewhere around the middle it lost speed, and by the end I was shaking my head in disgust.  Sorry.  The best part of the book was getting an \\"inside\\" look at how the Secret Service works.  I'm not sure how much of this was made up by Mr. Baldacci, but if you're interested in getting a (fictional) account of the Service, you will enjoy Split Second.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|This is by far one of the worst movie ever made. The plot is extremely amateurish and boring. Don't waste your money or time with the piece of trash. The entire movie is a bunch of teens talking and running in the streets of Manhattan, away from a perceived creature that you only have a very fast glance at. Not even worth a single star !!  What a TOTAL RIP-OFF !!!
0143038419|5.0|This book is incredibly well written, the writer has the gift to connect whoever reads the book with the story.  It does not matter if you are religious or spiritual, you will connect with her in so many ways.  Best book I've read in a very long time and you definitely walk away with something at the end, no doubt.
B0011FYJYG|4.0|For those of you who don't know the story, it is an interesting movie that revolves around the transition from silent films to talking films. A previous reviewer put it quite well when he said that while the movie makes fun of the silent film era, it also shows a respectful nostalgia towards it.<br /><br />Gene Kelly seems to have made an art out of covering his coincidental rise to fame with a single word: \\"Dignity.\\" Gene Kelly works with Lena who is beautiful enough for silent films. But her unrefined voice makes us aware that she will have a problem if movies go to sound.<br /><br />Gene Kelly later runs into Debby Reynolds. Their first meeting ends in a hilarious argument. If we know romances, we can sense that they will end up together. They later meet, and Kelly realizes that Reynolds is 'not so far above him.' But he is moved with compassion. (Perhaps due to his difficult past, he sees a parallel.)<br /><br />Later, we see that movies are going to sound. While this presents difficulties to all, Lena will have the most problems if she wants to keep her job. The only weak link here is that I don't like how Lena is often made the object of scorn. (All she really wants is to keep her job.) She's no saint to be sure, but is she really so bad for wanting to keep her job?<br /><br />Moving on, reynolds and Kelly meet again, and they begin working on a project together. We can see that the transition from silent films to talking films was not so easy. An especially hilarious moment is the miserable failure of the screen test (topped off by the sound going out of timing).<br /><br />But Reynolds and Kelly (former enemies) work together and find a way to save the movie. One thing that makes this movie so great is the harmonious mixture of speaking parts, singing, and dancing.<br /><br />One comical character worth mentioning is R.F. He gets a tad hypocritical: \\"Trust me, talking pictures will never amount to anything. They'll lose their shirts.\\" Later, he says: \\"I told you talking pictures were a menace, but no one would listen.\\"<br /><br />In many ways, this film is a great treasure.one would listen.\\"    In many ways, this film is a great treasure.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I was all excited to purchase this the day it came out.  Man was I ever disappointed.  It sounds like one long, very long song.  It never really rocks at any point.  If you want the Metal God style Priest then put in Screaming for Vengeance, Painkiller, or any of Halford's solo albums.  This CD is terrible.  You will soon find MANY in the used CD aisle of your local CD store.  They need to return to screaming heavy metal that rocks, not some boring long CD that is about some prophetic dude from the 1500's.  Trust me...dont spend your hard earned money on Nostradamus.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|The first few episodes were a bit slow as the stage is being set for the series.  After episode six, it starts to pick up and really gets exciting around episode eight.  After that, it was a rush each night to get home to watch Dexter.  Season two is even better than season one!  I now have Showtime because of Dexter!
B0019CSXAM|5.0|Season 3 has been a very awkward time for HIMYM fans... But over all was a very great season. It started off very strong and i believe that thhe writers strike affected this show in a very bad way... But all in all it turned out to be an amazing season. I just felt that they had too many filler episodes and not enough plot. And when they finally did a plot running they ran out of time. Still the writers never cease to amaze me... They dropped alot of classics and alot of hints towards who the mother is.. but knowing HIMYM it will not go the route every one expects it to go. and i believe this is the reason i have continued to watch and i recommend not only that buy, but let a friend watch as well. Chance are you and your friend will become as addicted to this show as i am...
B000VYX8PE|1.0|The marketing for this book is intriguing. Catchy. And not just for children. Using the negative to get one's attention works for adults as well. \\"Don't read this. This is bad. You're not going to enjoy it. Nothing good happens.\\" Unfortunately, not only does nothing good happen, but all the one-star reviews I've read are accurate. This is a bad children's book. This is a destructive book, with dark themes that have no redeeming value, not even the author's inclusion of vocabulary words. It's a sign of our culture, which has become mesmerized by what's ugly and demoralizing, something much easier to strive for and achieve than that which is beautiful and inspiring.
6305907145|3.0|No, this is not a mirror-image of Austen's work. In fact, it's not even close. However, it is an entertaining film and one that kept me watching, if for nothing else than the splendid myriad of scenes depicting Frances O'Connor strutting around courtyards in an early 19th century corset.<br /><br />If you are an Austen fan, this film might act as some sort of heretical treatise than an actual depiction of her vision of Mansfield Park, but for people like me, who know next-to-nothing about her work, I can say that the film was highly enjoyable.<br /><br />PLOT: Fanny Price is sent to live with a very aristocratic family. It is here that she delves into the realm of flirting with simple head-nods and that magic twinkle in your eyes. Drama, untold buckets of drama, unfold, and Fanny learns that to find love through purity is often a very difficult thing. In the end, Fanny finds love, and millions of women once again will be swooning over 19th century romanticism, wishing to God that there were more men nowadays who thought like they did back then.<br /><br />3.5 out of 5
1577314808|5.0|The Power of Now is a good primer for the follow up book, A New Earth.  I would recommend reading it first.
B000K7VHQE|4.0|Here they come now. One is wearing a 'Jesus was wrong' t-shirt while his eyes burn with hatred for everything around him, another is a suicidal scholar who is still getting over a failed relationship, and their leader: a self-help guru who just can't seem to help himself. These are some of the faces that make up the Hoover clan as they attempt to get their yellow van moving back down the highway by first pushing it. Their destination  is the Little Miss Sunshine competition in Redondo Beach,  California.<br /><br />Olive, the young, slightly overweight daughter of the Hoovers who has earned a spot in the competition, is the principle character here. She seems to be the force that brings this eclectic family unit together, and it is through her that all the members of the Hoover family find commonality and loyalty toward once another.<br /><br />Perhaps the wittiest film of 2006, Little Miss Sunshine is at times vulgar and will make you squirm a bit, but the subject matter is all about the fine trimmings of family and the message is clear during the last, nutty segments of the film, \\"Family is family, and you've only got one, so get over your differences and DANCE, baby!\\"
B000NA28I4|2.0|I have never been a fan of fantasy films or books.  The only reason I picked this up was because I have a thing for Garret Hedlund (the guy who plays Mertock).  He did a good job despite all the annoying preachy dialogue, and being a tool of the special effects department.  Otherwise the movie just drags on forever in your typical good and evil magical conflict.  He's wonderful eye candy no matter where he is to me, but that was this one saving grace in my eyes.  Otherwise it could have been much more than it was, moving quicker and trimming the fat.
0743277708|5.0|Well, being a jaded hedge fund manager this book was an awesome diversion. I read constantly and this is most probably my all time favorite book. Suspenseful, warm, sad, allegorical. I just loved it, recommended it to everyone I know, and will hopefully read this several times between now and when I meet my black rabbit.
B00164DWEA|5.0|Naturally comparisons to the 2003 Hulk movie are inevitable due to the proximity of release, the original was that bad, but the INCREDIBLE HULK seems to have a better handle on what fans want to see in a action movie / comicbook movie tie-in.  The pacing is great, dumping the all too familiar origin into the opening credits is editing genius.  If you're a continuity purist, you may even be able to connect the movies in your mind, but it is obviously intended to reboot the Hulk and ignore the 2003 release which is fine by me.<br /><br />After a brief glimpse of Banner, played superbly with all the pathos you'd expect by Ed Norton,  we are thrown right into the chase. General \\"Thunderbolt\\" Ross (William Hurt) and the US Army in hot pursuit of Dr. Banner, inevitably  leading to a \\"Hulk-fight\\" in a factory. This fight introducesTim Roth as  comicbook villain Emil Blonsky, initially only a soldier who wants to beat the Hulk by experimenting with the \\"Super-soldier serium (a plot line tied to the origin of Captain America) later transforming into The Abomination, a creature maybe surpassing the Hulks own incredible super-strength and aggression.<br /><br />The CGI is better than last time, but still not perfect.  I like the mix of live prosthetics and CGI used in the Extraordinary League of Gentleman for Hyde, better. The Hulk combat is classic and cool , isn't that the real reason to make a big budget Hulk film?<br /><br />Cool Cameos to watch for :<br /><br />Tim Blake Nelson (best known as Pendanski from HOLES) aka Samuel Sterns aka Mr. Blue aka THE LEADER is a major supervillain. In the movie we see events, probably cut, that make it clear he'll be back and brainy! Originally, in comic form a janitor at Banner's lab when hit by the same gamma radiation that turned Bruce into the Hulk. He green too, but evil and smart. Given the name games in the new HULK movie, and the altered nature of his origin, he may be BLUE this time.<br /><br />A cameo in itself is the original Hulk TV Theme by the late Joseph Hartnell (who died in 2005) which turns up now and then throughout the movie soundtrack. Thanks guys.<br /><br />The Hulk's original purple pants, briefly appear.<br /><br />The classic TV line: \\"Don't make me angry...you wouldn't like me when I'm angry\\" shows up, but not quite as you'd expect.<br /><br />Actor Nicholas Rose appears as McGee  in an homage to the reporter (actor Jack Colvin)  who pursued \\"David\\" Bruce Banner throughout the 70's TV series. This time he is a campus reporter for the college paper witnessing the HULK vs the ARMY.<br /><br />LOU FERRIGNO aka the ORIGINAL TV HULK is again a security guard (this time without Stan Lee). Lou is in great shape there, but this time he serves an even cooler role as the voice of the speaking HULK!!  Sweet!!  LOU you are still the MAN!!<br /><br />Even Ferrigno's TV counterpart, the late great Bill Bixby aka the original TV DR.BANNER shows up on the screen in a TV clip from what looks like the \\"Courtship of Eddie's Father.\\"<br /><br />Comic series / creator / writer STAN LEE makes his cameo in this one as the guy who get a Hulk-contaminated drink. I don't know if this one connects to a comic reference or not, but it is always great to see STAN \\"the Man\\" LEE, hopefully he's hard at work on Iron Man 2 , Thor and Avenger screenplays.Hartnell (who died in 2005) which turns up now and then throughout the movie soundtrack. Thanks guys.    The Hulk's original purple pants, briefly appear.    The classic TV line: \\"Don't make me angry...you wouldn't like me when I'm angry\\" shows up, but not quite as you'd expect.    Actor Nicholas Rose appears as McGee  in an homage to the reporter (actor Jack Colvin)  who pursued \\"David\\" Bruce Banner throughout the 70's TV series. This time he is a campus reporter for the college paper witnessing the HULK vs the ARMY.    LOU FERRIGNO aka the ORIGINAL TV HULK is again a security guard (this time without Stan Lee). Lou is in great shape there, but this time he serves an even cooler role as the voice of the speaking HULK!!  Sweet!!   LOU you are still the MAN!!    Even Ferrigno's TV counterpart, the late great Bill Bixby aka the original TV DR.BANNER shows up on the screen in a TV clip from what looks like the \\"Courtship of Eddie's Father.\\"    Comic series / creator / writer STAN LEE makes his cameo in this one as the guy who get a Hulk-contaminated drink. I don't know if this one connects to a comic reference or not, but it is always great to see STAN \\"the Man\\" LEE, hopefully he's hard at work on Iron Man 2 , Thor and Avenger screenplays.
B00125WAWS|4.0|As an historical document and a thought-provoking entertainment, this film can't be beat but unfortunately it didn't score a home run at the box office despite excellent reviews.  It's certainly an appropriate docu-drama for the times now since it shows us how far we've come since the '30's and how much further we'll need to come before we can call ourselves truly \\"The United States of America\\".  The scene of a Negro after being lynched then being burned to death was particularly disturbing but I'm glad Washington as director inserted this true incident into the film.  His direction is excellent and he's abetted by a fine cast of new and older actors.  Particularly amusing is the scene between him and Forest Whittaker as they carry on a casual debate in a humorous fashion.  I wish there were more films of this type rather than the inane Tyler Perry films that pass as comedy-dramas.  Washington & producer Oprah Winfrey should be proud of this inspirating film.
0743298039|4.0|Having already been SO widely reviewed here, I hesitate to add one more. This was a great read and as so many have said, filled with dramatic twists and turns and so much atmosphere. I'm giving this a four rather than a five star because it won't appeal quite as much to a reader who doesn't naturally find some intrinsic mysterious quality in old books and manuscripts. The story doesn't drag for a moment and the revelations will be satisfying. I won't cover the plot as it's been so well covered by others but do want to share that when reading this book, you won't be able to stop yourself from thinking that this would be an incredible film to shoot in very atmospheric locations with award winning opportunities for some of the most accomplished actresses in Hollywood and elsewhere- think Cate Blanchette, Nicole Kidman, and maybe Meryl Streep or Judi Dench, as Vida Winter to name a few- to really show their character and emotional range in a story that would be both mysterious and gripping to the viewer from beginning to end. Think of Kidman in the Others and Blanchette in The Gift. This is a toasty book to read when the weather turns cool and you have few distractions, because you won't want to put it down from beginning to end.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|The majority of the customer reviews I have read about Coldplay's success with Viva La Vida are accurate and eloquent so I shall not be repetitive. I don't see Viva La Vida as a departure from Coldplay's usual style; however, the band appears to be getting better at articulating their intentions. This album is chock full of soulful, orchestral, catchy songs that work. The music is far more valuable than its price tag; and yes, this is Coldplay's best effort to date. Enjoy!
B000002IP1|3.0|This CD was ok, but not the best of Phil Collins. I did receive quick service and product was in good shape.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Excellent writing and acting give this movie a great edge. I had no idea what would happen next and it's seldom a movie can surprise me anymore.  The Lives Of Others had me on the edge of my seat to the very end. Totally recommend it.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I am a casual Priest fan at best, so I can't say I was anxiously awaiting the release of Nostradamus, but with all the interviews and press that the band has done recently in preparation for the new album (see, marketing works), I picked this up the day it hit the shelves.  I was intrigued by all that I'd read, which described the album as \\"epic\\" and \\"daring\\" and \\"ambitious.\\"<br /><br />This sounds like a 3rd-rate, Broadway show soundtrack at best.  I'm all for a band being ambitious and trying something new, but I think the band forgot they're supposed to rock.  The songs are just boring.  When you finish listening to 23 songs and can't remember any of them, that's pretty bad.<br /><br />I listened to disc 1 and could barely muster the energy to put on disc 2.  I literally forced myself to listen to it, since I'd spent the $$.  It's not exactly terrible, but it's just completely uninspired and, in some instances, ridiculously cheesy.  The rhymes are forced & the lyrics are bland.  Considering the hype about this being a \\"concept album,\\" you'd think the lyrics would at least be interesting.  Nope.<br /><br />Oh well.  At least the cd artwork is kinda cool (and unlike the Jugulator cover, this one is actually in focus!) Way to go, Priest!
0757307272|5.0|Wow, I devoured the book \\"The Success Principles for teens\\" in 3 days and I am absolutely amazed how you are able to attack EVERY SINGLE negativity a teenager could possibly have. That fear, excuse, or problem - all answered. I have to admit, besides completely revamping my whole outlook on life, this IS the best book I've read in all of school.
0385340567|1.0|About the middle of the book I realized this plot is going nowhere interesting and started to scan read and even skip a few pages (not the kind of page turner I had in mind) when the story slowed to a crawl and was delving into far more detail than needed on uninteresting events.    This is the 7th in the Reacher series I have read and is the only one that I cannot recommend.  All others so far were either very good or great.  Just completed Without Fail recently and its plot and characters were far more compelling than the story line of Nothing to Lose.  Thankfully I have other earlier Reacher books to read and look forward to getting back to the old Jack Reacher.
0743277465|5.0|This quote rings like a clear bell on the final page of Josh Waitzkin's book.  Why?  His \\"Art of Learning\\" not a static prescription, it's is dynamic journey.  Within Josh's frameworks, learning means continually exploring oneself, re-framing adversity and despair as opportunities  for self-awareness and discovery, to find for connectedness between seemingly unrelated disciplines - in Josh's case, chess and martial arts.<br /><br />If you enjoy chess or martial arts, there's much great storytelling and competition here to relate to.  If you're a lifelong learner inclined to self-study, there's much \\"philosophy of being\\" to take or leave as you like.<br /><br />A joy overall.
B000VDDDY6|3.0|What is there left to say about this classic show? The episodes are wonderful and are the foundation for decades more of Trek in its various forms. The PIP feature is nice as well on many key episodes. The remastering is done tastefully, not heavy handedly, and blends in seamlessly with the rest of the shots so you never feel you are watching something new, although it definitely looks better than what you remember. Every so often the shots of the Enterprise scream CG, but basically, these remastered shows are the complete opposite of what George Lucas would do had he thought of Star Trek and wanted to go back and \\"improve\\" it. For me, that's a good thing. The reason I don't give this a higher rating is the terrible, awful, cheap, flimsy packaging. Honestly, this is one of those times where you ask yourself, \\"What were they thinking?\\" The discs are housed in a cheap plastic book that is probably cracked when you open the set for the first time because it is so fragile. (I returned this set three times because the packaging was cracked and damaged before I just gave up!) Removing a disc is cumbersome and one has to take great care not to scratch anything. Information about what's on the discs is given in plastic collector cards that look nice, but detract from functionality because you have to remove all the cards from a paper pocket that houses the plastic book of DVDs and search for the one card that relates to the disc you are viewing after you have fumbled through the cracked case for the right DVD and taken great care not to scatch the darn disc! Aaaarghhh!!! For the price on this item, even at discount rates, Paramount should have done better with the packaging.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|It is certainly not near the level of the transition/experimental CD's Achtung Baby or Kid A but it is also not a continuation of X&Y, which is a very good thing. Coldplay somehow managed to become one of the most promising, edgy, important, and respected bands around to one of the world's most hated overnight. People easily dismiss them now and seem to forget that Parachutes and Rush of Blood were 2 of the best cd's in the last decade. I don't care if you don't agree, you're wrong. But then, as we all know, they decided to become some giant huge marketing machine, copying U2 and following that with the dispicable X&Y. This band was by far my favorite until X&Y and that album and all the marketing made me hate them, like most of America.     So, I assumed they would continue that trend with Viva and am happily surprised they did not. It is not a great CD, it is very good, it is different, and I give them a ton of credit for not putting out another bunch of crappy radio friendly songs. Even the current single Viva is not really too catchy or radio friendly, it's just the closest thing on the CD.     I'm glad they took a chance here. They will probably alienate most of their pop fans and at same time not gain any further respect from the rest of the world but it's a solid effort. I'm not exactly sure what sound they were going for on this, it's hard to put a finger on it, a lot of big ambient sweeping guitars and keyboards.     It's good- my only hope is that the next CD they lose all the big production and desire to make money and fans and get back to the raw simple genius of Parachutes and Blood.     ps- Bono should be strapped to the front center seat of every Pearl Jam concert on the current tour so he can see what it's like for a band to play simply for the music and their fans and not full of absurd, overproduced light sets and canned speeches- love dino.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This is a great record!  I love it.   It's got some great guitar, keyboards and excellent singing!  How could one NOT like it!  A lot of the tunes are \\"build up\\" tunes where the guitars kick in and then the singing.  I love the lyrics which are kind of a mix between Iced Earth and Manowar!  Halford still has the pipes as does many a metal singer from his age group such as Dio.  So, will they play this entire record on TOUR?  Who knows.  All I know is that KK is great and Glen is doing some Yngwie type stuff on several solos!
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Let me just say that I'm one of those who find Coldplay incredibly boring. I can't stand the mellowness of all their previous work, and it truly made yawn to tears to listen to any of their songs on the radio.    I was quite impressed after listening to a preview of 'Violet Hill' a month before the album release, and I couldn't believe my ears when the same band I used to find painfully lame actually made a song I really liked.    I decided to give 'Viva La Vida' a chance, and I have to say that Coldplay is finally getting on the right track.
0786838655|5.0|Although I did not read this book myself, I bought it for my Grandson (a bright and curious 9 year old).  He loves it!      The good humor and mischievous nature of the book is revealed in chapter headings such as, \\"I Accidentally Vaporize My Pre-algebra Teacher\\", \\"Grover Unexpectedly Loses His Pants\\", and \\"A God Buys Us Cheeseburgers.\\"    He enjoyed J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series and then Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi's Spiderwick Chronicles, so I though though this would be an appropriate selection for his interests.  He is enjoying this series as well.    Not only is he identifying with the protagonist in the story, Percy Jackson, he is also becoming familiar with Greek Mythology.  An added bonus is you can download an extensive teachers guide from Rick Riordan's site.  The guide is a nice support for Moms who home school their children and is a fun way for all children to explore the characters and mythology found in the book.
B0017R5UAA|4.0|Fleet Foxes received a mention in Rolling Stone, so I thought I'd give them a listen as the description there piqued my interest.  The magazine does this funny little equation thing below a picture (i.e. THIS BAND + THIS SINGER + THIS SINGER = REVIEWED BAND).  Many times they get it wrong, and this is one of those times.  Yes, they include a CSNY comparison in the review, and FF's get high marks for aspiring to that level.  But in reality, it should have been the Y of CSNY that the comparison was drawn from, because the lead singer in FF's is basically Neal Young with better vocal chops and the knack for staying on key.  I didn't get the Beach Boys comparison in the math equation at all, as these guys are far from the coast musically and much deeper into the forest, but perhaps standing on a cliff edge with the ocean in the distance over a mountain.  There are some definite Led Zeppelin influences in their lyrical style, especially the more acoustic Led styles.<br /><br />My only nitpick on the band is the overuse of heavy reverb on almost ALL vocals and tracks.  (Hey guys, try some nice dry eq sometime and see what happens. You might like it!) Thus the missing fifth star.<br /><br />Nits aside, all in all, a great album, easily worth the low price.  Accessible for old rockers (like me) and the younger, indie crowd as well. Put it in the car, it's great for long, rainy drives and nighttime summer road trips!
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This record is absolutely phenomenal. Every time I listen to it I discover something new in its diverse and complex melodies. This album is unique in it's own way and Coldplay sound just keeps getting hotter and hotter.
B0017U7PT6|5.0|This is probably one of the best adventure films of the year.  It took me to a place I had not been before.  It showed me Wholly Mammoths and Saber Tooth tigers, and races long extinct.   Leave your history lesson at the door, and just enjoy the rollicking adventure of prehistoric man fighting oppression.  You might learn something.  Oppression still exists in the world in 2008 A.D.
B000001EL3|5.0|One of the bands most essential albums realesed March of 1976 this album takes a slighty different turn from there first three albums. This album is more complex than three chord songs yet inlcudes some of Kiss's most popular songs, \\"Detroit Rock City\\", \\"Shout It Out Loud\\", and Beth etc. Some Kiss fans dont like this album i think this album is great though. All in all buy today<br />1. Detroit Rock City 5/5 stars<br />2. King Of The Nightime World 5/5 stars<br />3. God Of Thunder 5/5 stars<br />4. Great Expectations 5/5 stars<br />5. Flaming Youth 5/5 stars<br />6. Sweet Pain 4.5/5 stars<br />7. Shout It Out It Loud 5/5 stars<br />8. Beth 4.7/5 stars<br />9. Do You Love Me 5/5 stars
B0002O0CM0|3.0|I have owned these albums for years on vinyl and even after all this time I still look at these albums as more curios than real Doors albums, which I know it is really unfair to the band since Morrison would have been the first to say that The Doors were a real band not just him leading a group of sidemen.    The music contained on these albums are good but for better or worse Jim Morrison had already become a cultural icon, and no matter how good the albums maybe it will always pale compared to earlier releases and compared to the legend of their frontman.    Lets talk about the music, the music sounds like The Doors, I am Horny I am Stoned sounds like it could have been an outtake from The Soft parade, \\"Ships without Sails\\" is an excellent song and it is too bad Morrison did not come back from Paris layed vocals on this track, it probably would have become their biggest singals hit since \\" Light My Fire\\".  Tightrope Ride expresses Ray Manzarek's sadness and anger at Jim's loss, \\"we're on a tightrope ride/Nobody by yourside/You are all alone/Better find a new Home/Don't go over the line or you'll lose your mind\\"    The music on both albums are of a transitional nature, this are three musicians who have endured the cultural maelstorm of the 60's and have come out of it on the otherside but not without loss, and now trying to find their way back thru the only medium they know which is their art, I think if the albums had been released under any other name but  The Doors the albums may have been more readily accepted, but you cannot climb or escape the shadow of one's own past.   Since these albums were created 37 years ago the legend of the band and the frontman as grown, leaving theses albums not just an epitaph for Jim Morrison and closing the final chapters on The Doors, but is also fitting epitaph for the 60's itself.   I would recommend these albums but keep in mind the spirit they created in.
B000001EL7|5.0|By the time this album came out Kiss were the biggest band in the world. Everybody was into kiss. This is another great album and would sadly be the last true classic hard rock Kiss album of Kiss... Anyways this album is a cool CD with nice songs like, \\"I Stole Your Love\\", and Love Gun. All in all cool album buy today.<br />  1. I Stole Your Love 5/5 stars<br />  2. Christine Sixteen 5/5 stars<br />  3. Got Love For Sale 4.6/5 stars<br />  4. Shock Me 4.3/5 stars<br />  5. Tommorow And Tonight 5/5 stars<br />  6. Love Gun 5/5 stars<br />  7. Hooligan 4.8/5 stars<br />  8. Almost Human 5/5 stars<br />  9. Plaster Caster 5/5 stars<br /> 10. Then She Kissed Me 4.7/5 stars
B000P0J02E|3.0|I didn't LOVE this CD.  It only has 3 or 4 good songs.  The only reason they are good is because it sounds like the other 2 Soundtracks.  It didn't blow me away, either.  The best tracks are the following : 1, 5, 12, 13.  Even so...the first song is not even complete.<br /><br />I was expecting the very best of Hans Zimmer...but it disappointed me.  So far, the best Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack is the first.<br /><br />If you are a complete fan of these movies..then its just good for your collection, and even so, its probably going to be in a corner collecting dust.  If you just like the movies and and thinking of buying this CD because of the music and previous experiences of the other soundtracks, then don't bother with this CD, you are not missing out on much.  Its not going to change your world.  Trust me, if you have the option of buying the single tracks online, then do so.  Its really the best option, and it saves you money...  Just buy the singles that are listed above.
B000E6ESL2|1.0|Let me tell you, I will be in the minority on this film. First of all,it's a mess. You assemble fine actors and a reasonable story. Then constrain them with horrible lines and bad writing.All of the charactors have had some distrubing incident. (like that will make them more interesting)I guess it was to give them a common thread.I watched hoping this film would get better,but by the mid-way point I didn't care.The ending if you call it that, was the most disappointing.If I was suppose to be entertained I wasn't. Don't waste your money renting this grooner!
B000094HMU|5.0|I hate Zefirelli, he is extremely kitsch to my taste.  I hate MET productions because I think they are usually too conventional to my taste.  Then, why I am giving to this Turandot 5 stars?  Well I do not have a rational answer to that question.  I have to confess that these 5 stars come from the depths of my heart and have nothing to do with my brains.  I really love Turandot,  I think this is Puccini at his best, moving dangerously close to that thin line that separates the sublime from the bad taste, but always moving on the sublime side.  Therefore you need an extremely intelligent stage director that would avoid crossing that line to the kitch side.  Curiosly Zefirelli succeed doing that!!!! I never thougth that Zefirelli was that inteligent!!!  I love Placido Domingo, I think he enhances every opera in which he sings and this Turandot is not an exception.  I always have serious difficulties following the line of Turandot's parts and hate that particular spinto way of singing used by most sopranos that sing this role.   However Eva Marton does an extraordinary job here.  Indeed she instills some sweetness into this rather cold role.  The scene of the three riddles in the second act is impecable.  The acting of both,  Marton and Domingo, is legendary to say the less.  You feel the tension and the anguish of the characters on stage.  Liona Mitchell is beautiful and delicate in her impersonation of Liu.  The scene of her death in the third act is particularly moving.  The action all through the opera goes fast paced thanks to the phenomenal singers/actors, the stage director and James Levine great (as always) musical direction.  Fully recommended.  This is a completely unbiased appreciation of this wonderful opera and production since I watched it, in the first place, with the sick intention of critizicing it badly.
B000MV8AE0|2.0|The only thing that kept me from giving this one star was the music of Beethoven--and in this film the music was minimal. More music might have added a star, but maybe not. The ten minute condensed version of the 9th Symphony was almost nonsensical in its portrayal in the film. The attempt to make the orchestra conducting interplay between Beethoven and his female protege come off as a sensual act was obvious, but for me did not work and was dumb, dumb, dumb, dummmmb.<br />  \\"Copying Beethoven\\" plays almost like a low-budget teleplay. The acting is passable, but not especially engrossing. I never really cared for any of the characters very much. The dialogue was mostly trite and contrived. The visuals were for the part not particularly interesting.  In all the film looked like it was basically slapped together in a rush. I was actually tempted to turn the movie off several times, but persisted to see it out to its ending. The viewing experience left me unsatisfied and disappointed.<br />  I think the film could have worked if it had been presented as a comedy.  There were many elements of potential humor in the presentation.<br />Some attempt was made to use the humorous aspects to lighten the story, but I think it would have been better to exploit this humor. The film should have embraced elements of farce, slapstick, and intellectual humor much like \\"Amadeus\\". As a serious story, however, \\"Copying Beethoven\\" is unbelievable, uninspirational, and silly. For a better take on the story of Beethoven, as well as better musical offerings, I would highly recommend \\"Immortal Beloved\\".
0765342294|5.0|do you like books?  do you like characters with superhero-like abilities?  do you like lasers that go pew-pew?  Then you'll enjoy this novel.
B0018AK9RK|1.0|This album hits below the belt!  I guess they needed a tour they could relax through.  The only song ALA Priest is Nostradamus!  I bought the Deluxe edition and did not recieve the insert for the ticket.  I got ripped off twice!  One lame album and no ticket.  I have followed Priest since I was a freshman in High School in 1976! Priest and Metal used to go together!
0812550757|3.0|I thought Andrew Wiggin was too much of a Jesus figure in this novel. His character was much more accessible in the first book.    It's a good book, and you really should read it after you've read the first one.  I just expected more from all the reviews saying this was better than Ender's Game.
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|This movie is great just because the producer and everyone else involved made the movie so real.
0786948523|5.0|I've already put my two cents in on the set.<br /><br />But here's my specific take on the monster manual.<br /><br />For a start, all the monsters that are in there have a reason and make sense to be there. Anyone that says this is a knock off really doesn't know what they are talking about.<br /><br />Metallic Dragons? Come on. Really when is the last time you had your pcs go up against them?<br /><br />Celestials? Yeah they are angels now. They aren't dancing around the issue anymore. Call it what it is and they do.<br /><br />As for them being unaligned, let's see. Why would a god rely on unpredictable demons and devils? Why would a god not make something say... loyal to his or her cause? Guess what fits the bill.<br /><br />The monsters themselves are actually well designed and appropriately leveled for a change. No more wonky cr system which failed to work even one tenth of the time, now you simply take the monster of the appropriate level figure it into the xp budget and go from there.<br /><br />I love the monster roles. It's a great way for a new and old dm alike to quickly determine if they need a monster in an encounter. You don't have to sit there and really think \\"do I need this\\" without having to go through the entire monster's statline anymore. This makes it incredibly easy on the dm.<br /><br />I notice how some haters here, are like \\"this destroys roleplaying\\" and it is the freakin monster manual. Just what exactly would players have a use for this? None. Not if they are role players and not simply powergaming idiots.<br /><br />The minions. Oh thank god for the minions. In the past if you wanted pcs to be slowed down by monsters you threw lower cr monsters at them.. which quite frankly often times would not hold a prayer to hit the party anyway so their presence was irrelevant. Now you simply add minions in. Minions for those of you just now joining the party are monsters that can hurt the party, tie up resources and actions and -can kill the party- if they ignore them. Their job is there to not simply die, but to tie up resources and actions. A well played out encounter with minions is truly a challenging and worthy fight of the heroic pcs. You add minions into an encounter to make it more challenging. I would not say minions are on their own a true encounter unless you want your pcs to slaughter a small army.<br /><br />The dragons were done a good justice here unlike the last game where they either sucked or were entirely too good for their own benefit (like never being used at all)<br /><br />They also tend to give you in this multiple examples of a monster (usually different levels or role types) so that you can use the monster again at a later time and the experience with it will be different.<br /><br />Orcs by the way now are something to be feared. FINALLY in past editions if an orc showed up even a level 1 wizard could laugh them off the table. Now.. nasty... how's a level NINE encounter sound?<br /><br />Even the lowly kobold is finally worth mentioning.<br /><br />If you are a Dm you are probably going to buy the monster manual, and it is definitely worth investing in this time around.<br /><br />Putting monsters into a game, was never so easy or this fun. I also find it humorous that the haters that think this destroys role playing, hate how monsters have flavor text describing things about them.. which encourage roleplaying...<br /><br />As for it feeling like a mini game most people missed the memo but D&D started as a mini game. D&D has -always- played better as a mini game. The reason they have the little emblems is not just for mini game purposes but also for a quick reference to know if an attack is ranged or not. The game does not do anything to hurt role playing, it actually encourages it especially compared to the last edition.<br /><br />I have to say as a 10 year veteran that really the monsters feel more dynamic and alive now than they have been since I started playing.e up resources and actions. A well played out encounter with minions is truly a challenging and worthy fight of the heroic pcs. You add minions into an encounter to make it more challenging. I would not say minions are on their own a true encounter unless you want your pcs to slaughter a small army.    The dragons were done a good justice here unlike the last game where they either sucked or were entirely too good for their own benefit (like never being used at all)    They also tend to give you in this multiple examples of a monster (usually different levels or role types) so that you can use the monster again at a later time and the experience with it will be different.     Orcs by the way now are something to be feared. FINALLY in past editions if an orc showed up even a level 1 wizard could laugh them off the table. Now.. nasty... how's a level NINE encounter sound?     Even the lowly kobold is finally worth mentioning.     If you are a Dm you are probably going to buy the monster manual, and it is definitely worth investing in this time around.    Putting monsters into a game, was never so easy or this fun. I also find it humorous that the haters that think this destroys role playing, hate how monsters have flavor text describing things about them.. which encourage roleplaying...     As for it feeling like a mini game most people missed the memo but D&D started as a mini game. D&D has -always- played better as a mini game. The reason they have the little emblems is not just for mini game purposes but also for a quick reference to know if an attack is ranged or not. The game does not do anything to hurt role playing, it actually encourages it especially compared to the last edition.     I have to say as a 10 year veteran that really the monsters feel more dynamic and alive now than they have been since I started playing.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I agree with all the other posts.  Takes the best aspects of Diplomacy, Risk etc, but easier to learn, faster to play, and more interaction and fun.  My neighborhood is now addicted, and my 9/8 year olds love to play as well.  I highly recommend the Seafarers expansion.  The Knights & Castles expansion makes it a much more complex game.  If you have an older edition (3rd edition) of Settlers and then get a new 4th edition of the expansions, you will need to get the \\"upgrade kit\\" from the Mayfair Games site for $10.  It is the frame of the board that fits together to form the water boundary.  The older versions did not have this frame, and it makes the older and newer versions somewhat incompatible.
0316143472|1.0|Well, I really looked forward to this book as I read Sedaris's other books and did laugh out loud a lot.  This one is different.  It seems as though the author got a bit lazy and really did just write down everything that went through his head.  This is what you do to get ideas for a book, not what you do to write a book.  The stories are not particularly funny and in some cases Mr. Sedaris comes close to pornography (two women in a bedroom with a horse), for example.  I won't go into detail. The scene is not pretty.  I think Mr. Sedaris has lost his touch.  If I could return this book, I would.  I refuse to donate it to the library as I wouldn't want to reduce the intelligence of the local community.
B000QXDED6|2.0|I knew very well that the film \\"300\\" would not be an accurate account of the legendary Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BC, a turning point in history where and when the course of the Western Civilization had been defined. Frank Miller's graphic novel based on the ancient event was not about the historical accuracy. It was about an entertaining story, as Miller described,\\"the best damn story I've ever gotten my hands on\\" and impressive, arresting visual style. You would think these are more then enough to make an entertaining epic action flick. Well, not exactly. I really wanted to like the movie and I did not expect much but it became boring very soon along with its visual style, slow motion, and even lot (300 as the title suggests) of nearly naked gorgeous hunks who were certainly the feast for eyes with their 6 pack abs and tight leather underwear but not for ears or brains. I am all for fun and entertainment. I love action movies, I am a fan of Comic books adaptations - many  entertaining movies were successfully adapted from the comic books. \\"300\\", IMO is very loud, very violent, very empty, and very boring - despite plenty of fight scenes, slow motion decapitations, and 300 magnificent dudes roaring HA-OOH! every five minutes or so.
B0013D8LOK|3.0|SWEENEY TODD is the perfect Tim Burton film.  It's dark and bleak and awash in blood with a terrific performance from Johnny Depp.<br /><br />The only problem is that the film is dark and bleak and awash in blood.  Unless you're into that kind of thing.<br /><br />Although I said this was the perfect Tim Burton film, it's not my favorite.  I still think his best was ED WOOD (Martin Landau won the Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his dead-on performance as Bela Lugosi).  SLEEPY HOLLOW was also very bloody but paper thin.  MARS ATTACKS traded blood for Martian ray guns but didn't hit the mark when it came to mixing humor and horror.  The two BATMAN movies he did proved that he can't film an action scene to save his life.  (I accidentally caught the ending of PLANET OF THE APES and it was such a head-scratching variation of the original shocker ending that I haven't felt any desire to see the rest).<br /><br />After watching a Tim Burton film, I usually think: \\"Good...but that was 20 minutes too long.\\"<br />And I didn't think that with SWEENEY TODD.  It's visually dazzling, the performances are fun (Sascha Baron Cohen was perfect), the music doesn't intrude on the story (I'm not a big fan of the musical).  Johnny Depp won a Golden Globe and he deserved it.<br />But it is dark and bloody.  I don't remember how many heads rolled in SLEEPY HOLLOW (a lot, I'm sure) but it felt like a lot of throats were slit in SWEENEY TODD, spraying blood all over everything.<br />As in a lot of Burton's work, you watch a scene that splashes gore everywhere and wonder, \\"Is that funny?\\"  Considering what happens to Helena Bonham Carter's character, it's hard to find a good chuckle when her last scene is so convincingly portrayed.<br /><br />Still, a well-crafted, entertaining film.<br /><br />I haven't seen the original stage show but I understand that a final musical number is left out of the film version: the ghosts of Sweeney Todd and the Helena Bonham Carter charcter return to sing one final number before the curtain falls.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I have been waiting for this Coldplay album to come out for a while now and now that it's finally here, I have to say that I am not disappointed. Some of you say that this entire record won't please the mainstream listener but I could also argue otherwise. Songs such as \\"Lost!,\\" \\"Violet Hill\\" or \\"Strawberry Swing\\" can easily please even upon the first listen. Viva la Vida is creative, experimental, yet typical Coldplay. I do prefer X&Y but this is still one of the best albums of 2008.  My only (silly) complaint is that the CD case is too large to fit into my CD holder. I don;t know why they did that, but whatever :)  Go ahead and order this record!
0792839749|5.0|Great to purchase this nostalgic film on DVD. Excellent reproduction of an all-time great family film.
B00003JRCQ|3.0|Persuasion is a beautifully filmed period movie. The british actors were at times difficult to understand. People whispered and then spoke loudly. It was sometimes hard to decipher the British accented dialogue. Worth watching for the costumes and scenery.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am on day 29 of the 30-Day Shred and let me tell you -- it has been incredible! I'm a 29-year-old mother of two and have been trying for the past six months to take off the last 25 pounds of baby weight. Before I bought this video, I had been working out for an hour and a half a day -- biking and using the Biggest Loser workout videos. In five months, I had lost nine pounds. Not bad, right? Well, in 29 days of Jillian's 30-Day Shred (at 30 minutes a day), I have lost eleven pounds. Of course, this is in conjunction with a healthy, low-calorie diet, but still! Incredible results!    As others have said, these workouts are INTENSE so start slow. Jillian offers beginner modifications for some of the more difficult moves, so don't give up. I had a knee injury (patellar tracking problem) a few months ago that would start acting up every time I exercised. Now, though, my muscles are so strong that my knee never hurts at all. Thanks Jillian!
1416550518|4.0|A secret is defined as something kept from knowledge or view. There are many such hidden truths and subterfuges in this novel as there are characters. Each secret sometimes inhibits the characters from being able to move forward in their lives because of the fall-out from their most hidden thoughts, wishes, desires. Deception, white lies, hidden agendas are all tucked away in the walls of this great house called 'Riverton' creating distance and mistrust between the characters.<br /><br />The reader enters the world of what life might be like at a 300 year old English manor where misunderstandings and secret agendas have the potential to result in tragedies or intrigue. What a high price this house pays for untruths, deceptions and cunning. Duty, responsibility, commitment, love, family ties, virtue, devotion and respect are values examined whether exhibiting the best in human nature as is often the case or the complete opposite.<br /><br />Our narrator is Grace Bradley who is 98 years old when the novel opens and it is her narration of the novel that initiates us to a page turning adventure which takes us on a journey throughout almost a century in English history. The reader learns what it was like to be in service to a wealthy family and what it takes to break away and strike out on one's own. Nothing is easy for anyone during the war and the aftermath sends its shockwaves throughout all of the families and countryside. Nobody escaped the war or its impact. All of England was affected. However, Grace only being 14 when she enters service in the Hartford home, has to conquer her own misgivings in order to grow and develop into the caring and accomplished woman that she is to become.<br /><br />The reader also gets to know the Hartford and the Luxton families and grows to foster feelings of sympathetic understanding or contempt as the novel unfolds. The novel was a page turner. It kept me engrossed, entertained and guessing until the very end. I would recommend The House of Riverton to anyone who likes historical novels, especially those set in the British Empire.<br /><br />The author Kate Morton also recommends other books where there is 'the haunting of the present by the past' or as Kate puts it 'the insistence of family secrets. A couple of these are THE CHATHAM SCHOOL AFFAIR by Thomas H. Cook and POSSESSION by A.S Byatt.<br /><br />Bentley/2008<br />[[ASIN:1416550518 The House at Riverton: A Novel]]anyone who likes historical novels, especially those set in the British Empire.     The author Kate Morton also recommends other books where there is 'the haunting of the present by the past' or as Kate puts it 'the insistence of family secrets. A couple of these are THE CHATHAM SCHOOL AFFAIR by Thomas H. Cook and POSSESSION by A.S Byatt.    Bentley/2008  [[ASIN:1416550518 The House at Riverton: A Novel]]
B0011UBDTK|5.0|This box set was worth every penny! a lot of work went into making it enjoyable and stylish! the pictures for every season were beautiful.
0321356683|5.0|This book is actually fun to read. It is well written and the concepts are illuminating and interesting.  Definitely a notch above the average java books that come out.  Highly recommended.
0743424425|4.0|Great Stephen King novel. It is different from the (excellent) Kubrick film-- more character development, alcoholism, and abuse. My only complaint is it is a little bit long.
B000YABYLA|1.0|I was conned into watching this garbage by my niece, because I suspect she likes to count the veins in my forehead. As a product, this ticks all the boxes, so to speak. As art or entertainment it is execreble. Garner and Simmonds are wasted on this utter slush. Juno (gobby and throttlable) is knocked up by her gormless embarrassment of a boyfriend (how this kid manages to find the door to get out in the morning is a mystery, let alone manage to impregnate this nauseating jailbait). \\"Why?\\" is also a mystery.<br /><br />And so this 'smart' teenager (and if she was so smart she wouldn't have gotten knocked up in the first place) sets out to blah, blah, blah..., panderd to by her weak, clueless middleclass parents.<br /><br />The premise and morality behind this movie are moronic. I can't speak for the U.S., but Britain really doesn't need this irresponsible trash. There is an adage you should remember - \\"if you're not condemning it, you're condoning it\\".<br /><br />America, switch on your TVs, and watch the news roll in about the disturbing debacle unfolding at your Gloucester Highschool. Trendies, bite me.<br /><br />Yours,<br /><br />Baby Cromwell, Nottingham, England.
B000N6U0E2|5.0|We sat on the edge of the couch until the last scene, and then we cried because we were so happy.  THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS is one of those movies you must see in your lifetime.  It does everything a great movie is supposed to do.  It takes the viewers out of themselves and puts them into the movie.<br /><br />The acting was perfect.  It never felt as though the people were playing roles.  It seemed we were looking into their lives.  Jaden Smith was incredibly good in his part.<br /><br />If the story had been fiction, I would have complained that it was too farfetched to happen; but since it really did happen, I simply have to admire the man who struggled with superhuman strength to be all the man he could be day after day.<br /><br />It made me think of the times when my life was more than I thought I could bear. (I've been there! [[ASIN:158851207X Solomon's Porch: The Story of Ben and Rose]]) And it made me think of how much better most of us have it every day than Will Smith's character Chris Gardner had it.<br /><br />My favorite scene in the movie was the church scene, in which the struggling man and his son depicted a reliance on God when they were near the end of their rope.<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this movie soon.
B0012GVKW8|2.0|I have always loved this movie and looked forward to seeing in Blu-ray quality. Both my husband and I were bummed. Some scenes were somewhat clear but the overall results were not worth paying for a so-called Blu-ray quality.
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|First, the camera work did not make me sick..  Maybe it's because I play video games.  It did not make my husband sick.  He does not play video games.    Second, for those who have complained about the acting, I say \\"who cares?\\"  I think the fact that these people were acting like you or I was a good idea in that it was an amateur filming the whole event.    Third, I was very impressed with the lack of monster sightings.  Normally, the monster is seen way too much.  The film had a creepiness to it that I could appreciate because I love being creeped out!  Then, when you do finally see Clover, it's really gross!  The way its arms look alone just made me shudder.    Fourth, if you watch the extras on the DVD, you will be amazed at how much of the movie was CGI.  I'm very critical of this kind of thing.  For instance, I'm appalled at the newer Godzilla flicks and the bad CGI.  Stick with the rubbermonster suits, guys.    Now, I do find a couple of things I did not like:  Marlena's and Beth's injuries were quite severe, yet they both were able to just walk around like normal!  And in high heels, no less!  Quite silly.  And the poor, sad image of the horse pulling its Central Park carriage through the streets so slowly.    I love Godzilla and Gamera, et al.  This movie is what the Amerikan version of \\"Godzilla\\" should've been.    Suspend your belief and you'll truly enjoy this movie.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I've been a metalhead and fan of Judas Priest since the mid-80s. I went through all the trauma and drama associated with this band and always listen to their music with a fond nostalgia for the good ol' days.<br /><br />I picked up Nostradamus because I had to. It's Priest for god's sake. They aren't the run of the mill metal band where you can bypass certain albums. This is a band where it is essential to own the entire collection.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Nostradamus falls flat. Song wise nothing stands out. Most, if not all of it is mid-paced with a slow tune here and there. The lyrics and chorus' seem  uninspired and Rob sounds like he's just going through the paces. He doesn't do anything new vocal wise. Hell, he doesn't even try to emulate the power he used to have. So what we're left with is almost 2 hours of music and only get a couple of glimpses of his patented falsetto. Not to mention some vocal tracks seem out of place. One song has a screech that comes out of nowhere for less than a second and is gone. It sounds like it was accidentally left in during final mix down. Track 2 (track 1 is just an instrumental) is the first actual song and I kind of cringed when I heard it. I almost felt embarrassed for Priest. This was...cheesy. And this coming from a guy who loves Manowar!<br /><br />Fortunately it gets a little better even though we stay in that mid-paced rhythm which kind of makes every tune sound similar. The musicianship is top notch and Glenn and KK's solos are what really stand out on this. In fact for a majority of the time, I just wanted Rob to stop singing so I could hear the next solo or orchestral interlude. This is one of those albums where the frontman is overshadowed by the band. If I could run this through a mixer and take out the vox, it'd be one of the best instrumental albums I've heard in a while.<br /><br />My 2 cents. I love my Priest but this one ranks low on my favorite releases by them. I'll give it a couple of more spins just to be sure though. I know some albums tend to grow on people and maybe this is one of them.ums tend to grow on people and maybe this is one of them.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|It has been decades since I've experienced music like this.  I remember hearing many of the rock icons for the very first time and this is joy.  Refreshing. Variety.  Life.      Enjoy it.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Jonah Markovitz gets an A+ for this project. Lead actors Trevor Wright and Brad Rowe also get an A+ for creating amazing yet believable chemistry between two gay men rarely seen before on the American silver screen. Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal did so with Brokeback but they also had a powerhouse director Ang Lee in an epically long film. Trevor and Brad deserve extra credit points on their permanent record cards. These men know how to express themselves with their eyes when words are pointless. Trevor Wright is a young Kathy Bates in the making.    Others have been critical of Brad's character Shaun saying that he was too patient. I disagree. This guy was rebounding from a split up in L.A. but as a writer he had the awareness to see the potential in Zach as a keeper. He saw the young man's selflessness and his freedom from the typical gay baggage.    The supporting actors also contribute greatly and are almost equally developed for their smaller roles. Tina Holmes' portrayal of the alcoholic sister is well played in her desperation not to be abandoned by another man. The role was dark and non-glamerous for the actress but she, along with the direction of Markovitz, create empathy and understanding for the character. Tina Holmes's character Tori shows emotional intelligence beyond her age and beauty. Ross Thomas as Gabe is adorable and comedic yet he too is developed to show admirable depth in his care for his best friend Zach.    The production quality is a standout for a low-budget indie thanks to the dollars invested by here! Films. The soundtrack is perfect and plays a key role in the film. Shane Mack's tracks define the tone of the film.    My only quibble is that the film could have been 15 minutes longer giving us a few more dialogue scenes with Zach and Shaun.    The story is perfectly set up for a sequel. I truly hope that Jonah will pitch the idea to here! Films and we as viewers can see how the characters lives evolve near CalArts.    I bought 3 copies of the DVD for family and friends who didn't see it in its short theatrical run. I also downloaded the soundtrack from iTunes.    PS: Producer J.D. Disalvatore is a hoot with her fun blogsite The Smoking Cocktail. Her dogs are in the film in the beach scenes in San Pedro and Malibu.
B000HEVZ6W|4.0|Iliked it, i will keep this in my collection, i sell the bumms on ebay lmao
014028009X|2.0|The book was a little more used than I anticipated, but I still enjoyed reading it again.
0385340567|4.0|This book is an improvement over his last novel, Bad Luck and Trouble. In that novel, Lee Child has his character, Jack Reacher, spend a lot of time with members of his old MP unit. Up until that novel, Reacher was a loner. Now, Child has returned Reacher to his solitary ways.    Nothing to Lose opens with Reacher stopping in the town of Despair, Colorado, for a bite to eat. Shortly, he finds himself in front of the Despair court, charged with vagrancy. He is driven to the city limits, dropped off, and told not to come back. These people don't know Reacher the way we know Reacher. No one tells him where he can and cannot go. They now have the full attention of a head strong man (and ex-investigator), and he won't leave Despair until he finds out why they don't want him there. Reacher meets up with a policewoman from the neighboring town, Hope, and together they work several plot lines. One deals with a dead body that Reacher literally stumbles over while walking in the desert, outside of Despair. Another focus is on the only company in Despair, a scrap metal business, and the owner. Finally, why is there a combat MP station on the outskirts of Despair? Reacher has his hands full in this novel.    Most of the novel is classic Jack Reacher; Self sufficient, ruthless (when necessary), resourceful. But Child takes a detour, with a thread concerning the Iraq war. I didn't think that Reacher was political, but as I thought about it, there probably isn't any reason why he wouldn't formulate an opinion of recent events. Although, it is never made clear how he knows so much about Iraq, as we never see him watching television, reading, or maintaining contact with anyone. It was a curious addition to an otherwise excellent book. The beginning and ending chapters are fast and exciting. Toward the middle, however, Child slows the pace. Which is unusual for him. But I think that he actually adds some definition to Reacher. I know that after I finished it, I kept thinking about those middle chapters more than any other part of the novel.    Child has created a different Reacher novel. Yes, you will have action and justice (the Reacher brand of justice). But you will also be exposed to some thoughts on the current military, the attitudes towards it, and its current theatre of operations. It's a departure from earlier Reacher novels, but it is still a good, \\"hard to put down\\" book.
0316143472|5.0|I loved this book and I adore the writing of D. Sedaris. I could barely put this book down. The stories are rich and full of delicious comedy and candor. I am looking forward to the next masterpiece from Mr. Sedaris.
B0013FDM7E|4.0|This is the 3rd version of Richard Mathieson's story 'I Am Legend', and this easily holds its own as compared with 'The Omega Man' (Charlton Heston) and 'Last Man On Earth' (Vincent Price). I really wasn't expecting that much from the film. Obviously Will Smith was always going to be the films saviour even if it was a complete Turkey. But its not.<br /><br />I agree with most previous reviewers that the first half is the best part of the film. However IMO the 2nd half and the special effects are nowhere near as bad as some reviewers have made out. Only at one point in the film did I think \\"thats CGI\\". Will Smith is very good and the errie deserted streets and his relationship with the dog are very well done.<br /><br />The film is only 96 mins long, which is also in its favour. Unlike a lot of Hollywood blockbusters this doesn't feel like it should have much, if anything cut from it. Most crucially of all, Neville (Will Smith) was a sympathetic character. This film has that crucial element that is missing from so many bloated blockbusters - characters you care about.<br /><br />On the downside there are a few contrived moments in the plot that I didn't really believe in. To some extent I agree with previous reviewers criticisms about the ending, but in the end the filmmakers just about got the balance between a completely happy ending and a resolutely downbeat one. Without actually giving away what happens at the end I can't say anymore than that.<br /><br />This isn't quite 4 stars for me but its better than 3 and I recommend it.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|I am a huge fan of the original novel Phantom of the Opera. When this film came out, I had not bothered to see the stage production, because I generally don't care for productions that are based on books.     Anyway, I ADORED this film. I thought it was a wonderful adaptation of the book. The actors, the sets, the costumes, and the music were all very appropriate.    After seeing this film, I saw the stage production in a major city (a production that received high acclaim) and was actually disappointed.
B0009KQOM4|3.0|i get these so when i go to the doctors or the plane or train stations i can watch them on my psp
B0017V7GLC|5.0|Not much to say here this is there most solid effort to date. Standouts \\" Black Cat, Season Of Illusion, Ghost, Predict the Day, Im not Scared, Runaway, The lovers, and Tomorrow. The Beats are sick and the presence and feel of the album is consistent. I saw these guys live and there is nothing like there presence. Compared to previous work this album is there most elaborate production even though I had extreme favorites off the others. None of there albums are lacking this one just has more lyrical content. And it just shows a more mature band musically and lyrically. Get this album along with MS KITTENS ..BatBOX and you wont be disappointed.      A
B000ULQV0W|5.0|I love the movie. I didn't want to watch it; it didn't interest me. I watched it. I loved it. I watched it again. I loved it more. A huge part of what I like about the movie is the music. I tell everyone the movie reminds me of Harold and Maude. They are both about young men and focus on their outlook on life and the world. And then there is the music. Cat Stevens and Eddie Vedder. The stories are incredibly similar; the music in both is amazing.<br /><br />Come to fine out Hard Sun is a remake. I am DESPERATE for the original, based on what I've read. Not knowing the original, I think the version here is simply amazing. Thank you.<br /><br />Aside from this one song... the soundtrack is beautiful. I've always appreciated Pearl Jam from afar, but the music in this movie spoke to my soul immediately.<br /><br />OK... at a loss for words. Love this music; love the movie.
B000WAEJZ0|5.0|The ONLY reason I bought this CD, as I already have ALL of Whitney Houston's  better albums on CD, was for the remastering of \\"How Will I Know\\", the GREATEST POP SONG............EVER!!!!!  However, after giving the full CD a listen, I was more than happy to have the entire CD.  All of her great songs from back in the 80's and early 90's are included here and, there are no stupid remixes that take away from the song itself.  The only exception to that rule is \\"I'm Your Baby Tonight\\" which, I believe, is a bit different from the original.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed with the newer mix, it's EXCELLENT, much better than the original version.  So, if you're like many people who have her Double-Disc Greatest Hits CD that included the AWFUL remixes which RUINED the songs, pick this up.  The songs are crisp, clear, and filled with the energy and that amazing voice which has made Whitney Houston one of the greatest singers of ALL TIME.
0743539478|5.0|One of the best thrillers ever. The vocal performance was absolutely perfect.  The story is addictive, don't be surprised if you find yourself arriving at a destination and not wanting to exit your vehicle until a chapter ends...
B000WQWPJQ|3.0|I own the original DVD version of the film and love it; it's one of my very favorite movies. So I was pretty excited to see it out on Blu-ray and picked it up. I knew that the island scenes would be amazing with the higher resolution...    I was wrong.    I'm seeing this in other movies, too. Some films, like the Pirates of the Carribean series are so sharp they makes your eyes hurt. Cast Away looked so much like the regular DVD version I though I'd bought the old format version.    I'm convinced there must be a cheap fast way and an expensive right way to issue a blu-ray film, and I'm convinced the studio took the easy way out on this one. Since I've got both version it's easy to compare, and sad to say, the blu-ray isn't worth the money. It's an awesome story, but I expected more from the blu-ray experience. Other movies do.
B0015XHP3G|5.0|i loved the rambo movies, oh dont let your young ones watch the last one Rambo4, it is bloody
B000VBJEFK|5.0|This movie - made by the same guy who created The Incredibles - truly raises bar for state-of-the-art computer generated animation feature.  Never mind the story; yes a rat (later rats!) cooking in the kitchen is not that appetizing.  But the character animations, combined with great voice acting, great rendering of Paris, makes this move a Disney classic.  The quality of imagery is just outstanding!!  Our two year old toddler son enjoys it so much, when he gets up in the morning he asks for \\"Rata! Rata!\\"    Highly recommended!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Beware - this is not just fast guitars and pounding drums. This is Judas Priest being artists and making an album that dares not only to be different from their previuos releases, but a concept album of the life of Nostradamus.   It's taking me quite a few run-throughs to listen to it all, but that's the beauty of a double album, right? Anyways, the songs on here are thoughtful and tell the story (music and lyrics) of the prophet during his life. All I have to say that the album is so good, I can't stop listening to it.  I give kudos to the band for not making another \\"Angel Of Retibution\\", or \\"Turbo\\". This is a big chance they took, but they are artists looking to expand thier horizons and away from the same old boring \\"heavy metal\\" sound. Metal bands today are so bland, and all they conc entrate are on fast giutars, drums and vocals of \\"kill your mom and dad\\". Music like that is what's killing the industry.   Fans of Priest - either try to change and mature like priest has done, or stay in the same frame of mind and keep listeneing to acts like Trivium and Avenged Sevenfold.
0671799320|5.0|Daniel Yergin made is his name as an oil industry analyst by writing this book. As far as I am aware, this book is the best history of the oil industry ever written.      It is comprehensive and begins prior to the start of the modern oil industry, discusses the U.S. oil industry when U.S. oil production on U.S. soil was a major player in global oil. It then proceeds to the rise of middle east production, the formation of ARAMCO (Saudi American Oil Company), and winds its way to the modern dominance of the oil and gas fields in and about the Persian Gulf.  You may need to check for an updated edition - if there is one - or supplement this book with the history of the oil industry within the last ten years.  This supplementation is just a function of when this book was published.  The book has not been superceded in its field.      This is required reading for any student of the global oil industry.
B000QEIORG|5.0|Generally speaking, the \\"Essential \\" consists of the band's greatest hits, the songs that immediately comes to mind when said band is mention. \\"The Colour and The Shape\\" is far from being a greatest hits album, but to me it is THE essential Foo Fighters.    You get the Foo back when, musically, they'd matured the most I've seen any band mature in a span of two albums, and yet, were still fresh enough to not have run out of all the wild ideas that make the Foo Fighters the Foo Fighters.    The fact that my favorite Fighters song \\"My Hero\\" is in this album kind of triggers a bias in my judgment of it, but speaking as objectively as I can, this is, to me, the best music the Foo Fighters have given the world.    This is not to mention the great songs I'd never heard before, like \\"Hey, Johnny Park\\" and \\"Up In Arms\\". There's also the matter of the bonus tracks on this special edition, including a very loud, very reckless track at the end where Dave Grohl screams his throat silly, much reminiscent of a previous band he'd been in. A perfectly loving tribute in pure chaos.    If you're a Foo Fighters fan and don't have this in your collection, I don't see how you could have been a fan in the first place. If you're not a fan but want to try out some of their music, this is an excellent place to start.
B000MO80P6|5.0|I think the Lord of the Rings series is excellent.  Each of the 3 movies are great and can stand on their own.  The Two Towers is the middle movie in the series.  I think it was the funniest of the 3 movies.  I would highly recommend this movie to any adult.  The movie is too long and serious for a kid, but teenagers would also like it.
B0015AARJI|5.0|i thought i had a write up on this, ok this controller rocks, it last alot longer than the one that came with my ps3. and it also has viberate, it is pretty good controller
B000V1Y43W|5.0|What a fun movie that everyone can enjoy!  Our two year old toddler son gets up in the morning and asks for \\"Wawadee!\\" (his pronunciation of Lightening McQueen - how cute is that!!!)    Very entertaining story, characters, and the animation is just incredible!  Plus the Blu-Ray format really shines for this title; because the whole movie is computer generated, you can REALLY see all the details at 1080p!    Highly recommended!!
B000MRAAJW|1.0|We ordered this product.  It was supposed to be a DVD playable on region 1  DVD players (which we have).  The DVD that was sent was for region 2 DVD players and we could not watch it on our machine.  We thought we were getting a DVD we could use.    We have mailed it back for return.  I would like to get a region 1 DVD, can I get one from you?    Thanks, Fred Powers
0060512806|1.0|Well, I gave what I thought to be a valiant effort at 260 pages, then had to say: no more. I'll admit it - I'm 53 years old, and while I have worked with computers for the past 30 years, to look at me you wouldn't think I was a computer geek, but perhaps I am. My beef is this: I grew up with the novels of Arthur Hailey (remember Airport?) where he spun out 8 or 10 storylines, then began to tie them together. Stephenson never ties them together. Perhaps you have to be 14 years old and have the attention span of a gnat to appreciate this (new?) writing style, but it's not for me.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|I'm a pretty big fan of Coldplay and had very high expectations of this release.  Unfortunately,  the CD comes off as dull and lacking of anything new.  In fact, it sounds like a watered down version of their previous two releases.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|CRAYONS IS ONE OF DONNA SUMMER BEST EVER. THE ALBUM'S NAME SUITS PERFECTLY TO THE SPLENDID RYTHM COMBINATIONS. MAYBE SOMEONE DOESN´T AGREE SUMMER´S NEW CO-WRITERS, THEY ARE YOUNG, BUT EXCELLENT... AND SUMMER'S VOICE IS IMPECCABLE. I LOVE ALL SONGS, BUT I RECOMMEND FAME (THE GAME), DONNA IS ONE OF BEST ROCK VOICES EVER!... STAMP YOR FEET GUYS!!!
B00004YZFR|5.0|Saw Gimmie Shelter again last night and suddenly I felt like I was envisioning what the great artist Goya saw when painting the horrors into the faces of his characters. The buildup to Altamont, because you know it's coming, is full of tension and dread cloaked in the mundane. The footage shot from the stage ecompasses almost every emotion and reality known to man -- joy, sadness, fear, anger, sensuality, frivolity, violence, psychotic reaction ... as Goya saw it, the horror of existence and who we are. The most amazing shots: The hatred for everything Mick Jagger stands for etched in the face of a Hell's Angel standing right next to him on stage, staring....In the aftermath of the killing, young men in police caps -- yet clearly not police or police hats -- milling around on the stage ineffectually.   People have ripped the Stones for living in a self-deluded bubble during these times, but you've got to hand it to a horrified, at times speechless Mick -- considered by many in those days the devil himself -- as he tries to calm the crowd, appeal for sense and sanity. \\"Babies, please...\\" I'm sure he was scared the Hell's Angels might kill him too.   P.S. -- One of the Angels knocks out Marty Balin, and, go figure!, he got up and wrote the smash hit \\"Miracles\\" just a few years later for Starship. Peace.
B0019X3ZZY|2.0|The essential \\"plot\\" of \\"Salò Or The 120 Days Of Sodom\\", what little of it there is, revolves around the abduction and abuse of a group of male and female teens by a group of older male and female extreme decadent pleasure seekers in the Fascist state of Salò in the latter part of the Second World War.    Pasolini's last film, and some argue his finest, takes its nominal cue from the Marquis de Sade's pornographic screed from the 1700's and presents a visually disturbing piece that has been the subject of much debate since its release in the mid 70's. If ever there was a \\"love or hate\\" film, then this is it.     To be fair, Pasolini achieves what he has really set out to do...which is to sicken the viewer. The atrocity displayed onscreen is virtually non-stop and humiliation heaped upon the young captives makes for a truly disgusting, if detached, experience. But beyond that, \\"Salò\\" has nothing else to say. There are some who have tried to present \\"Salò\\" as a critique of Fascism, but other than transferring de Sade's setting from 18th Century France to 1940's Italy, there is no clear comment on Fascism on offer here and that suggests that such effort to align \\"Salò\\" with such highbrow opinion is simply an attempt to intellectualise what is essentially a high class exploitation piece.    Where the film's success lies is more as a critique on depraved human sexuality and perverted power play, revealed in scenes showing the teenage captives being subjected to rape, humiliation, torture and finally murder all for the gratification of their captors.    There is also a sense of otherness to \\"Salò\\"  that accompanies other Continental films of the period, lending the it a weird feeling throughout and the film's notoriety also contributes to the overall sense of oddness that the work emits. But the work is not enjoyable or entertaining to any degree. There are no moments of redemption here or even any characters to identify with, on any level. Even the captives of theperverted bourgeoisie are rendered unsympathetic as they follow their new masters like sheep and then start `ratting' each other out. \\"Salò\\" is not a pleasurable experience.    However, the main problem with \\"Salò\\" is not the distasteful focus on anal rape, sexual humiliation or coprophilia. It's the fact that the whole project is just rather poorly executed. The dialogue is turgid and absolutely ridiculous at times, it's overlong, with unlikable characters and in between each appalling event the film is incredibly boring. There's no denying that for those with the stomach, the atrocity on offer in \\"Salò\\" makes for strangely compelling viewing, but when that's absent the film is simply ticking over its 1 hour 51 minute running time. The end result is that, beyond saying that human beings can sink to extreme depths of sexual depravity, the film is utterly pointless.
0812550757|4.0|I really enjoyed enders game, and was disapointe that the sequel was so different, but once i got used to the new writing style, I enjoyed this book very much. I found the moral issues of Human-Alien contact fascinating, and the plot kept me hooked.     the book  was way to long, and it progressed much to slowly. i also found it hard to connect to Novinha, and the author made ender a bit of a god, which was anoying.    other than this ,i enjoyed it a lot, but i think the Enders Shadow series is better
0061020710|3.0|It is difficult to make a judgement of how a Pratchett novel compares to the entire library of of his work.  It's like declaring a Zappa album \\"his best\\" or \\"worst.\\"  I have read a good percentage of Pratchett's work, however, and do consider CoM to be the weakest.  That is not to say that I didn't enjoy Pratchett's singular humor, but the depth and complexity of his later plots just isn't there.  Actually, that's an understatement, the plot itself just isn't there.<br /><br />As a collection of four short stories, it's pleasant enough.  The characters do not have the endearing qualities of many of Pratchett's later characters, but he does begin to solidify his mythos of modern archetypes which he utilizes with such genius.<br /><br />In the overall realm of books, CoM probably deserves 4 stars, but my rating is colored by knowing that Pratchett is capable of much more magic.  If you intend to read his entire catalogue start with this one.  If you are merely \\"Pratchett-curious\\", start with \\"Thud!\\" or \\"Small Gods\\" or \\"Hogfather\\" or even the non-discworld \\"Good Omens\\".
0316143472|4.0|My friends and I were hooked on Sedaris' books since Me Talk Pretty One Day, and I could not read many of the essays aloud to them because I kept cracking up in the middle. Though some of his stories are partly on the sentimental side whether they mean to be or not, much like his previous book, I found that I could not put this down. I admit I was disappointed when I saw that there were only 12 or so essays listed in the table of contents; but that was the only disappointment.<br />I highly recommend this book!
0553382179|5.0|I have really struggled with clutter. When we were married and my husband was deployed, in the apartment I had a narrow walkway from the door to the bedroom, and I kept stacking the dirty dishes to make room for more, everything else was lined with clutter. When we moved to a four bedroom home, one room and two closets were so filled, we could never use the stuff. Now, we are divorced, and I had a two bedroom apartment stuffed with boxes from the four bedroom home. Again with the walkways. I checked this book out from the library, kept re-reading the parts about what clutter does to our lives, then my former in-laws came to visit and I was mortified to admit, face to face, how I am raising our daughter in this mess. There it was, thrown open, no hiding, how I am living. So, I put the book in action, and with our daughter's help, within three days, the living room and kitchen were clean and clear. Now, we may sit down! And I may find the pet supplies, tools, towels, markers, shoes, and coats, right where they ought to be, right when I need them. It is so nice, and like Martha Cilley says, peaceful at home. I make a goal for this summer to clear the last untamed terrain of my own bedroom. All boxes, just a walkway. I have 6 weeks. Martha Cilley tells of a room she cleaned by giving away, throwing away, or putting away two items per day, until. I HIGHLY recommend \\"Sink Reflections\\".
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I have never felt so inclined to write a review.  This is only my second review and the first one was done in high school as an assignment.    This album is AMAZING.  I have been waiting and waiting for this album to come out because their previous albums are all so great.  However, I was not looking forward to the Spanish influence on their music but this album completely blew me away and exceeded all of my expectations.    It's not very different from their past albums.  It's still the Coldplay I know and love.  Well, except it's a lot less \\"sad\\" or \\"depressing\\" than their previous albums.
0060922583|5.0|I have finished half the book and ,with every chapter, become more convinced about the power of this book.  Makes you wonder if some negatives in our world are already using some of these things against the good of society. All those that want an explaination of why things are as they are and how can we change it,,,,read this book.    Also, the connections to the paranormal is astounding and will help open you to understanding the paranormal world.
B000001FSR|1.0|As I have surpassed 700 cds in my library, I thought it was time to add some Tom Waits.  I started with Closing Time and absolutely love it, but Frank's Wild Years is one of the WORST cds I have ever purchased.  No soul, hokey tunes, not something I like at all.  Perhaps Waits fans would like this but, as a Waits novice, I had to give this a second chance and I dislike it even more than when I first listened.  This cd will go into my recycle pile.  No camparison to Closing Time, absolutely none.
B000B8QG0O|4.0|My son loves Toy Story and Toy Story 2.  I personally think that the second movie is fun because there are new characters.  Voices are funny and story line is good.  I would recommend this movie for kids and for families.
0790737345|5.0|CITY OF ANGELS starring Meg Ryan and Nicholas Cage is a moving film.  Cage plays one of God's messenger's, Seth, who happens to fall in love with Maggie Rice, a heart surgeon, who is adamant into believing that Seth is actually an angel.  But as the film proceeds, their relationship blossoms into a sweep you off your feet type of romance that is seldom seen in films these days, but lives are altered in the process.<br /><br />The highlight of the film is Cage's character Seth.  Throughout the film he carries an expressionless but gentle and friendly façade with whom he meets, especially with Maggie as well as with his angel cohort, Cassiel (Andre Braugher) and hospital patient, Nathaniel Messinger (Dennis Franz); Franz and Cage's dive into the ocean and catch a wave scene is quite a metaphor to the film as well as the concluding scene, which only shows how the simple things in life are taken for granted.<br /><br />This may eventually become a classic, or if it is not already, end up on the American Film Institute's top films.  The production, the screenplay, and the cinematography are exceptional.  And for those who enjoy a little romance and tinge of metaphysics in a film, CITY OF ANGELS is not at all too deep to understand but enlightening.  The theme of this film is quite similar to films, such as MEET JOE BLACK and WHAT DREAMS MAY COME, which have the underlining meaning involving immortality.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I was originally introduced to Pride & Prejudice through the 1995 adaptation, and was curious to see how this one compared.    Liked: Far more dramatic.  Disliked: The change from 5 hours of material(1995 version) to 2 hours meant pretty much everyone was forced to talk at the speed of light at many points in the movie.  Which at times is hilarious, but...I also was sad that some of my favorite quotes were cut from this version.    And yet, I watched it over and over.  5 out of 5! ^_^ Definitely recommend this to every female.  I've no idea how it would be received by males.
B000TSIK14|5.0|More people need to buy this album. This CD contains some of the Scorpions finest pieces. I'm an avid fan of hard/melodic rock bands that were larger than life in the 80s. I would probably have bought this CD no matter what. I was pleasantly surprised however at the quality of this album. It is very solid from the start to the finish. The heavy is even more heavy than the Scorpions usually get and the melodies are addicting and enlightning. I believe this recording has done quite decent in other countries. More people in America that enjoy melodic hard rock need to purchase this. Kudos to the Scorpions.
6304712936|4.0|This is an enjoyable if grossly historically distorted account of Mozart and those around him. Please remember not to believe it! The pianist Moscheles who visited Salieri during his last illness in 1825 related that he tearfully protested his innocence to the last! Here we are continuing to believe in this nonsense.  Mozart's letters show him capable of vulgarites, but nonetheless reflects a generally sober and ambitious young man at times too full of himself, and prone to imaginary enemies, like his dad Leopold. Thus rivals are unnecessarily maligned e.g Clementi, and in this movie, Salieri. Contrary to the portrayal, Salieri was a prodigy, if not on such dimensions as Mozart. He was extremely successful as a composer, not quite overshadowed by Mozart in the 1780's yet, and considered by Gluck to be his true heir (indeed a fair assessment). At the time of Mozart's death, both Mozart and Salieri had fallen out of favour at court, since the new emperor Leopold II had no time for them but prefered his own favourite Cimarosa. Thus indeed there was no reason for Salieri to murder Mozart! In fact during this time they actually became good friends. Only some time after Mozart's death did senseless and malicious rumours start to spread about Salieri's poisoning him. It resulted in Pushkin's play, Dargomizshky's opera, and now in our times Amadeus. In fact Mozart died of overwork because he was trying to make enough money to support his expensive lifestyle (he detested being looked down upon by the nobility). What do we know of the true Salieri? He was highly respected, and Beethoven sought in out as a teacher. He was also generous towards his pupils, giving lessons to Schubert and young Liszt for free because they could not afford the fees.   Constanze did not fsir so badly. But still there were untruths, such as she abandoning him during his illness. He only fell ill after she returned from her treatment at the spa (yes she was ill, not going for fun). After his death, she proved to be an astute business woman and great custodian of his music, ensuring not only his lasting fame but also that their children were never in want. The world thought badly of her as a result of her father-in-law's and sister-in-law's relentless campaign against her.
1594489505|4.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns, the novel, begins and ends with Mariam, the illegitimate daughter of a bitter woman with all-too-good a grasp of how men work.<br /><br />Mariam has a tough life which only gets harder and harder under the influence of events over which she has no control.  Had this book been set in Europe, people would have accused the author of ripping off Kafka.  Instead, it is set in Afghanistan, and readers will instantly accept it.<br /><br />As a writer, Khaled Hosseini is even sharper in this novel than in The Kite Runner.  He evokes more emotion, brings Afghanistan more in focus, and and succeeds in every way--in the novel.<br /><br />My gripe is that at one point the novel leaves Mariam behind and follows another woman, Laila.  At this point, the story becomes slapdash.  it includes an insiders view of the sub-continental view of September 11, 2001--something that seems as necessary to Afghani literature as Hula dancing is to tales of Hawaii.  There was nothing wrong with this short story, but there was nothing special about it, either.  It seemed like an adendum, and not a particularly welcomed one.<br /><br />If you are looking for a well-turned tale with the power to make readers feel and understand a slice of Afghanistan, read this novel.  It's worth the effort.
B000P12LWY|4.0|I absolutely love this show.  It is incredibly entertaining, visually lush, well acted and well written (although not nearly as well acted or written as the second season, which bodes well for the show's future).  Jonothan Rhys Meyers, who plays the volatile King Henry VIII is perhaps an odd casting choice given that he looks nothing like the actual historical figure.  I can't help but wonder what they're going to do when they reach the period in Henry's life when he's supposed to be incredibly obese; I don't imagine Rhys-Meyers will manage to look the part no matter how many pounds (real or generated by computers or makeup) they have him put on.  In spite of this, however, his portrayal of Henry as charming but moody and dangerous is riveting, and his good looks evoke the early days of Henry's reign when he was both handsome and athletic.  Sam Neil and Jeremy Northam both give incredibly nuanced and believable performances.  I only wish Cardinal Woolsey could have lived to see the   second season. Katherine of Aragon is both stubbornly uncompromasing and incredibly classy.  Anne Boleyn is perhaps not quite as well done, although the sexual chemistry between her and Henry is palpable.  still, one can only wish an actress with more presence than Natalie Dormer had been chosen to portray the woman who moved Henry to defy the pope and all of Europe.  The show is, of course, rife with historical inacuracies.  As has often been pointed out, Henry had two sisters, not one; Margarate married King James IV of Scotland and Mary, who seems to be the model for the character Margarete Tudor in the show married the King of France, not Portugal, and she certainly didn't kill him. I can only imagine the producers decided having two Mary's, Henry's sister and daughter, in the show at once might confuse the audience, and in their defense, it is often difficult for people not overly familiar with the Tudor period to keep all the various characters straight. There are many other historical innacuracies as well, some understandable, some less so, but this is not a documentary, it is a fictional TV series, one attempting to appeal not only to amature Tudor scholars but to wider audiences as well.  Still despite historical inaccuracies and anachronistic dialogue, the show succeeds marvelously in it's purpose, which is to convey the drama and intensity of the characters and situations of the court of Henry VIII.
B000667GFK|5.0|This is a good cd, but the next edition (Edicion Diamante) has the same sons an 2 plus more, well both cd are great.
B00133KFGW|4.0|This movie is a little far fetched but it is a movie after all...good music, good acting, and fun to watch for all ages.
B00140PK6O|5.0|The acting, scenery, directing is superb.  This is no part of a Hollywood product; if you enjoy Batman movies and sex shows stay away from this.
0441013597|4.0|I gave this book to my brother as a present for his birthday.  He was looking for the books of Frank Herbert in the same layout, so he was pleased to receive the 6 first books of the Dune saga and started reading immediately.
B000AAP7BM|5.0|This Cd is a new edition to the CD Mexico en la Piel, has two new songs, it is a must have.
B000K4X5XA|1.0|Dear Warner Home Video:  How about taking a page from the Blu-Ray releases of \\"Blade Runner\\" and \\"Close Encounters\\"..? - Feel free to dole out all the the extended or director's cut versions you have... But PLEASE INCLUDE THE ORIGINAL THEATRICAL VERSION.  Do really expect fans of this movie to sit down with VHS or laserdisc, if they simply want to see the 1978 classic???<br /><br />Update:  At least Warner Bros finally made the ORIGINAL version available... But only in the big expensive 8-disc Blu-ray Anthology box set.<br />A shame, since I (personally) consider the first one as the only good Superman movie to date (although I expect that to change with the upcoming release of \\"Man of Steel\\")
B0001GMIOE|5.0|Same as the battery that came with the camera, seems to work well so far. Extra batteries are always good:)
B0011UBDTK|5.0|This product was much cheaper than the retail price and it is fabulous. I love the show, and have been a devout viewer for years. Since ordering the SATC series I have also enjoyed the added extras that come along with it. GREAT purchase, AMAZING show :)
B00006L85B|5.0|This record has all the good bolero´s songs of Luis Miguel so far, ans a DVD with many bolero´s videos, if you like romance then you must have this record.
0061245097|5.0|WOW!! This book is amazing it's everything I wanted in a vampire romance. I skipped book one but I am now on my way to buy it and I can't wait until book 3 comes out. Cat and Bones are wonderful together the perfect combination for a wonderful series.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This is a very wonderful story that the whole family can watch together.  Humor and sadness both, So injoyable!!!!
B000YAA68C|5.0|This is a great movie!  I love Gerard Butler's role and how they kept him throughout the whole movie, despite the fact that he was dead!  Hilary Swank did a great job with her role.  I've never been a fan of hers but she won me over in this movie.
0785125965|5.0|This book is really good, has a lot of good fights, the story is basic but is a good final to planet hulk, Jonh Romita JR's art is espectacular, if you compare this book with Pplanet Hulk it is a mistake because planet hulk is a very complex-interesting arc, and world war hulk delivers the final, now i want to read Hulk (red hulk) and find out what happens to our green/red goliath.
B00006WUWQ|5.0|I must admit that when I first saw the initial Austin Powers movie, I didn't really quite get it.  And I didn't really like it as well.  However, in retrospect, I must also admit that my feelings about the first movie (and sequels) slowly changed as I realized that really, this series of movies were/are not so much parodies of the James Bond films, but parodies of lesser known, earlier spy film lampoons and exotic, comedic spin-offs such as James Coburn's \\"In Like Flint\\" and \\"Our Man Flint,\\" the Matt Helm (Dean Martin) efforts, and so forth.  If you have casually seen a few or most of the \\"serious\\" James Bond films, you might not get this important aspect, as I seemingly did not at first, because while the Austin Powers films are supposed satires of the original Bond films, they are in essence, actually parodies of parodies.  Clear as mud?<br /><br />While this DVD trilogy is a great buy for those who love/loved the original three Austin Powers' films (and a fourth one is on the way, they say, yippie) and while one can easily get repeated laughs from frequent viewings of all three, while all three films are better than about 95 percent of most Hollywood comedies, past, present, and future, this collection will always remain a must have for even the most fussy collectors of recent comedy movie series.  And particularly collectors of comedic genius Mike Myers' best efforts past/present (especially considering the apparent critically and box-office misfire \\"The Love Guru\\").  These three Austin Powers films however, were not created equal, for various reasons.  For me, the first is great, the second even better (and the best of the three), but the third is a bit of a slight downer compared to the first two.  All three however, have their strong and weak points, and as to which one a fan may like better than another, it's all certainly relative, because all three are very good at the very least, and there are more than enough purely funny moments in all three to make this collection a must have.<br /><br />Mike Myers got his \\"big\\" start in the biz as a member of NBC's \\"Saturday Night Live,\\" where many of his characters/ideas and unique brands of humor and outlooks on life engendered popular and critical acclaim, including skits and sketches involving Deter, the German neo-wave TV talk/dance show \\"Sprockets\\" host, and Barbara (\\"I'm verklempt\\") and Wayne's World's Wayne (which led to two feature films).  But none of his work prior to his Austin Powers efforts truly showed his potential, in my view.  I can only hope that if and when we DO see a fourth Austin movie, it pays attention and tribute to the first two of the series, and less so to the third.  Breaking down the three films a bit more individually...<br /><br />AUSTIN POWERS, INTERNATIONAL MAN OF MYSTERY (the first):<br /><br />After a few viewings, it became clear to me that this was not so much a parody of semi-serious 60-70's spy, secret agent films as it was and remains a parody of all of those even remotely-genre similar films.  This realization is an important part of how one views this and subsequent sequels.  This idea is even cleverly incorporated (as are so many others), in the second film, when Austin is seen watching one of the earlier James Coburn spy spoof parodies while watching TV, when Powers says, \\"Hey, this is one of my favorite movies...\\"  This was in fact, the turning point in my own turn-about appreciation for Myers' entire Austin Powers trilogy.  For in more youthful days, I had loved the Flint and Matt Helm flicks and eventually came to see the Austin Powers films and general ideas, as what they were/are really all about, parodies within parodies.  And ones done with true comedic abandon.<br /><br />The first film gets at least 4 and a half stars.<br /><br />AUSTIN POWERS, THE SPY WHO SHAGGED ME (the second):<br /><br />After generally converting to a casual fan of the whole Austin Powers experience, after giving the first movie a few viewings, I was soready for another go-around, and the second film more than delivered.  It also cemented me as a die-hard Austin Powers fan.  New characters include \\"Mini-Me\\" and \\"Fat Bastard,\\" as well as much more Doctor Evil scenes and ideas, which were the highlights of the first film (and generally all three actually).  Both two, new main characters add to the general mayhem and funny parts, as well as does Rob Lowe as a younger Robert Wagner (\\"number two\\"), but there are many new incarnations and developments from the first film which only add greatly to the original concepts.  Mainly, consistent referrals back to the original effort, and imaginative additions and refinements to the first movie.<br /><br />Overall, the second film of this original trilogy is without a doubt, in my opinion, the best, and earns 5 stars, without a doubt, baby.<br /><br />AUSTIN POWERS, GOLDMEMBER (the third):<br /><br />After some clever and innovative beginnings, but which rely more on their star-studded offerings than their genuine humor or originality, this third Austin Powers film was/is undoubtedly the weakest of the three, but is no doubt worth at least four stars.  Mike Myers adds and plays yet another character here, besides Austin, Dr. Evil, and Fat Bastard, in the form of Goldmember, but a lot of the jokes and humor here falls kinda flat more often than not.  While it is still a great comedy, it is without question a step down from the first and second films.  The female lead, strong and relevant in the two previous efforts, is lacking here, because while singer Beyonce is as gorgeous as Austin's prior two female partners, her acting leaves a lot to be desired, and there really is no \\"chemistry\\" between Austin and her as was strongly present in the first two films.  There is also a continual but mostly tame, self-referential mock-parody of the series itself here, which gives me the feeling that this third entry wasn't too well thought out or written as were the original and first sequel.<br /><br />Therefore, at best, Goldmember barely manages 4 stars.  But its still pretty good compared to most other studio-released comedies, despite various shortcomings.<br /><br />After all is said and done, while this type of Airplane/Naked Gun series throws everything at the screen in rapid order, in hopes that at least a few of the many jokes and humorous ideas may stick, and add up to a truly enjoyable time and DVD collection bargain, these films and their own unique brand of humor, do just what they're intended to do.  And that is, to make us laugh or at least smile.  That is Mike Myers's general career gift to us all, and these three films will always do that for those who appreciate humor for humor's sake.  Even if you've seen all three, this is a great buy in that it affords not only commercial free and uncensored, uninterrupted versions of Myers' genius (seeing as how mainstream TV showings of all three seem heavily edited), but a great addition to anyone's collection of rainy-day, forget-your-troubles for awhile, get-a-way movie pleasures.  While a lot of the humor is crude and bodily-functioned, sophomoric nonsense, and definitely not suited for all tastes, a lot of the humor and intent additionally hits the mark more often than not.  And while most of the hilarity aims for nothing more than what is actually presented, throughout the series, there are equally funny but subtle ideas and perceptions scattered about which one can only discern with repeated viewings.<br /><br />If and whenever there is a fourth movie in this series, I can hardly wait.  Because while the first movie is great, the second even better and arguably the best, the third flawed but still hilarious in parts, all three together for the low price being asked as I write this, is no doubt probably one of the best film comedy collection bargains ever offered.  And remember, as was stated in the second film, paraphrasing, try not to think too hard about any of this making much sense, and just enjoy the overwhelmingly silly ride.ll pretty good compared to most other studio-released comedies, despite various shortcomings.    After all is said and done, while this type of Airplane/Naked Gun series throws everything at the screen in rapid order, in hopes that at least a few of the many jokes and humorous ideas may stick, and add up to a truly enjoyable time and DVD collection bargain, these films and their own unique brand of humor, do just what they're intended to do.  And that is, to make us laugh or at least smile.  That is Mike Myers's general career gift to us all, and these three films will always do that for those who appreciate humor for humor's sake.  Even if you've seen all three, this is a great buy in that it affords not only commercial free and uncensored, uninterrupted versions of Myers' genius (seeing as how mainstream TV showings of all three seem heavily edited), but a great addition to anyone's collection of rainy-day, forget-your-troubles for awhile, get-a-way movie pleasures.  While a lot of the humor is crude and bodily-functioned, sophomoric nonsense, and definitely not suited for all tastes, a lot of the humor and intent additionally hits the mark more often than not.  And while most of the hilarity aims for nothing more than what is actually presented, throughout the series, there are equally funny but subtle ideas and perceptions scattered about which one can only discern with repeated viewings.    If and whenever there is a fourth movie in this series, I can hardly wait.  Because while the first movie is great, the second even better and arguably the best, the third flawed but still hilarious in parts, all three together for the low price being asked as I write this, is no doubt probably one of the best film comedy collection bargains ever offered.  And remember, as was stated in the second film, paraphrasing, try not to think too hard about any of this making much sense, and just enjoy the overwhelmingly silly ride.
0452289963|5.0|This is a very insightful and useable book.  This is one of the few non-fiction books I've read that I consider a page-turner.  I did not want it to end, and I found it very understandable and extremely helpful in finding ways to experience a stress-less, appreciative, and happy existence while here on Earth.
B000W4KSWO|3.0|I've just received my copy of Ellington and Coltrane in the \\"Originals\\" collection, and feel disappointed.. Of course, the music is top shelf. BUT: The sound has only been slightly improved (I guess you have to be a wizard to improve Rudy Van Gelder's mediocre engineering), and moreover, the new digipack is really a cheap affair compared to the previous reissue from the 90's.. Bad cardboard, ridiculously small liner notes, low quality printing.. If you already own the 1995 reissue, just keep it: you really can live without this \\"brand new\\" version..
B000ULQV0W|4.0|This soundtrack is great, especially if you saw the movie, because than it brings back the images. Some songs are a little rough for me, but overal it's beautiful music. Just as you would expect from Eddie Vedder.
0452289963|5.0|No matter who or where you are in your journey of life and it's stuff, this is a must read.  Even for those who think they have all the answers!!!!  Get this book and read it!
B00012BSHG|5.0|This is the first inflatable pool we have ever purchased that did not have one of the rings deflate in the first few weeks! The pool is really nice looking with see through rings which offers additional viewing of your wee ones when they duck down under the water. It's super durable and is large enough to fit several kids or 1 or 2 kids and an adult. Very family friendly - it took approx 15 minuters to blow up with a pump and the bottom is nicely inflated as well for extra comfort.  We are very hard on pools, there is lots of running leaps directly onto the side walls and the walls take everything we have to dish out and more. The pool is also deep and high enough that kids can float in it and practice holding on to the walls and doing kicking exercises. Nice reinforcement if your kiddos have just started swimming lessons like we have. Overall, a great value and the best inflatable pool we have ever purchased!
0312323859|5.0|I am one of the few people who, I think, really gets Darcy. I don't think her transformation was all that miraculous first of all.  While she was admittedly shallow and self absorbed, I think she was a product of her upbringing and was not--at the core--a horrible person.  Throughout something borrowed, I saw little nuggets of kindness (or kindness in the mind of Darcy) toward Rachel.  Like when Darcy defended Rachel in high school when the Senior couple made fun of Rachael.  Darcy has always been Rachael's protector, partially because Rachael is a weak character, and partially because I truly believed that Darcy thought she was doing the right thing by her friend.  Even Rachael admitted that Darcy always put her friends above guys.  Darcy was never all bad--just misguided.  And once Ethan put it in perspective for her, I think the transformation really began.      Next, let me say that I couldn't relate much to Rachael.  Her character flaws and the personality set her apart from Darcy are were, what ultimately allowed Darcy to always \\"win\\" throughout their lives.  Rachael was insecure, lacked confidence, and was not a \\"go getter.\\"  I really admired these characteristic in Darcy, from being the one to lead the pack to introduce the girls to Ethan in elementary school, to going after Dex the way she did.  The author makes clear that the reason Dex and Rachael didn't end up together in the first place was not because Darcy was beautiful, but because Rachael was too afraid to take a chance--and this I cannot respect.      As far as Darcy's transformation happening rapidly, I think all the people who have commented have failed to realize one very important catalyst for the change--which Emily Griffin highlights.  It is that people sometimes strive to be better people out of the love you have for your partner--\\"Love and friendship--isn't that what its all about\\" and \\"they both are that much better together.\\"  I know that when I met my husband, the thing that attracted meto him most was that he made me want to be a better person--that is what you do when you are in love.  You always want to be with the person who brings out the best in you.  And who loves  you in spite of your flaws--that was Ethan.  He was sometimes amused by her character and complexity--and I thought you could see his disappointment with Rachel in something borrowed once he realized that she wasn't as perceptive as he once thought.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|Esta coleccion en Blu Ray realmente vale la pena, comenzando desde el precio, pues la coleccion en DVD es realmente cara. La imagen es perfecta y cada una de las versiones esta re-masterizada en alta definicion. Pero... siempre hay un \\"pero\\" los discos con los documentales y las escenas cortadas o extendidas no tienen subtitulos en espa&ntilde;ol, ni siquiera en close caption, este peque&ntilde;o detalle puede ser tedioso para los que no dominan el ingles, pero el material que tiene es absolutamente increible, el documental del disco 5 que habla sobre el \\"making of\\" de la restauracion, es uno de los mejores.<br />Si eres de los que se dejan llevar solo por la presentacion y el dise&ntilde;o grafico,esta puede ser decepcionante pues la caja es muy sencilla, pero si eres de los que valoran mas el material cinematografico esta coleccion es una de las mejores por lo pronto en Blu Ray
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|There have been so many versions of Queen Elizabeth's life, but I believe this one will stand out. I loved Clive Owen as Sir Walter Raleigh, and of course Cate was superb. A young queen is torn between her country and allowing herself to fall in love or be loved.  Focusing on her country at a time when her throne and people need her undivided attention is an intense, bittersweet glance into another Era.  When Elizabeth is tricked into allowing her cousin, Mary, Queen of Scotland, to be sentenced to death and beheaded, Elizabeth's spirit and ability to face and fight the mighty Armada of Spain are fully tested.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay  -  Author
055313597X|5.0|This book is an eye opener to say the least.  I am in awe at the atrocities committed in the U.S. toward the Natives.  I have just returned from a week on the Rosebud Reservation.  Atrocities are still being committed.  I guess what Americans don't know won't hurt them.
0452289963|5.0|This is a \\"must read\\" for those interested in  spirituality.  It's a must read for those interested in the preserving of our planet!
B0010358CQ|4.0|For an action release, this is very good. The action is intense and is driven by a plausible story, characters and animation. The plot holes and sometimes less than stellar writing will take audiences out of the element sometimes but overall there isn't a lot here to complain about. Despite how much I didn't care for the earlier release from this series, this release is surprisingly entertaining to watch. While it won't be something that I personally suggest to anyone who will listen, fans that are looking for a strong action release to spend an evening with would be well advised to keep their eyes open for this one.
0765316978|3.0|I gave this a 3, it was an enjoyable read but not up to the quality of the first or 2nd book. Still, Scalazi is a great writer so if you enjoyed the first 2 books I would recommend this. This books attempts to wrap up some of the major problems facing Humanity and surprisingly our leads play a big role in this. It focuses on John & Jane Perry, the protag's of the first 2 novels.    Something I would have liked to have seen is the reunion of John & Jane. In the first book they \\"meet\\" and she turns out to be a clone of his former wife. They begin a relationship that is sidelined due to their service in the war - understandable. And there was some remorse there, the chance of them both living thru the war was very very slim. So it was bittersweet for them to have met and not \\"be together\\" At the end of the 2nd book Jane is discharged as a reward for service and she gets to adopt a daughter and also gets to have John discharged early also. Great! But we don't get to SEE that. The CU says its happening and then this book takes places many years later - 8 years? So they are a happily married couple with their teenage adopted daughter. Awesome - but they would have been great to SEE!  Its the old \\"show us\\" don't \\"tell us\\" rule of writing.    Complaints: the books veers wildly from 1 plot to another. First its about the Perry's being drafted to lead a new colony and thats starts getting \\"good.\\" Then its about a Galactic Federations' attempt to squash Humanity and the Colony issues are sidelined. Then its about Earth being kept in the dark about all the above machinations and John Perry attempts to do something about all this.  Jane Perry is in the book a lot, but is sidelined to supporting role. She was really the more interesting of the 2 IMHO.    So, its good fun read if you like the first 2 but its very different. There is a lot of talk in the book, especially at the beginning and it takes a long time for any action to kick in. I don't mean to sound like I hated it but it could have been a much much better book.
B000O75F7C|4.0|I have never heard of these guys except by name. Until i bought this CD. And I ended up buying it out of curiosity. This reminds me a bit of... well I'm not sure what to say. They have a very unique sound that no one can define. And that is good if you are looking for something to stand out. And these guys definitely do. Lyrically, they have an unusual way they look at things, I guess. I have to get used to their sound. But I recommend this if you are looking for something different.
B00139XZF4|4.0|Some say this movie has dark moments, but I found that the dark moments were mild compared to current movies available. Special effects are outstanding (making blu-ray worth the extra cost), good story, ending not terribly satisfying, hopefully there well be a sequel. Golden Compass is definatly a keeper in my collection.
B000AMPZF8|5.0|This is the best cd i own the songs are just so beutiful and unique i listen to them every day they are definetly songs made for the twilight series please buy this cd matts voice is gorgeous the melodys and guitars are breathtaking so intersting and moving definetly the best rock music ever heard go and buy all thier other cds the bomb!!!
B000MGVCFY|5.0|This has always been my favorite Moody Blues album.  I recently upgraded to SACD capability and had to get this release to see if I could tell the diff from the old stuff.  I'm not the audio expert that so many of the reviewers of this release obviously are, so I will just say that the sound quality and speaker separation are awesome!  If you like the Moody's and have a good sound system, then you should check this one out.
B000002GFC|5.0|Review number 96. Specially for the asking price, this twenty track compilation of Cream's repertoire is an absolute must-have for any true patron - being casual, die-hards or even young / new fans. This CD freaking smokes! Tunes that I might often find myself looking forward to the most while listening to this CD while on the way to a show, work, etc. are \\"I Feel Free\\", \\"I'm So Glad\\", \\"Tales Of Brave Ulysses\\" (one of my personal Cream favorites), \\"Politician\\" and \\"Crossroads\\". Highly recommended.
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|I heard only one song from Katy Perry, and really liked the sound of her voice, so I thought I would buy the entire CD and hoped it would be worth the money.  How fun she is!  And what a great female strong voice.  Keep writing the catchy tunes Katy, I will continue to buy your CD's.
0452289963|5.0|This is a book about experiencing life deeply. It is not a re-hashing of Buddhism or Vedic teaching. Tolle simply describes the experience of living a more subtle life, of experiencing the deeper values of life.     This means more silence and less beliefs. And that is the effect of reading this book.    While I was not impressed with the simplicity of The Power of Now, in this case the simplicity of New Earth is deep and transforming.    Reviewers who are seeing religious beliefs here are seeing their own beliefs and not the effect of this book. This book is about letting go of beliefs.
B0009WQ3P0|3.0|When this box set was released in 1992, it was to commemorate 25 years of what had become one of the biggest selling bands of the seventies. So, why has it gone out of print?  For starters, fans of the Buckingham/Nicks hit-making version of Fleetwood Mac will be better served by 2002's two-disc THE VERY BEST OF. Fans of the earlier versions of the band (and there were many) that included, at various times, Peter Green, Danny Kirwan, Jeremy Spencer and Bob Welch, will be sady disappointed by their limited inclusion.<br /><br />Of the first three discs, all of the songs but two are from 1977's breakout FLEETWOOD MAC or later. That leaves only disc four to tell the rest of the Fleetwood Mac story. While it's difficult to argue with what gets included on this final disc (from their first U.K. single \\"I believe My Time Ain't Long\\" through Peter Green's classic \\"Black Magic Woman\\"), to include only one track (Bob Welch's \\"Sentimental Lady\\") from a classic album like BARE TREES then turn around and include four tracks from 1990's mediocre BEHIND THE MASK, only serves to show that the compilers were not really interested in telling the band's full history.<br /><br />Another problem with this box set is the sequencing. The four new recordings are scattered throughout disc one. The songs are not presented chronologically--you hear \\"Over My Head\\" (1975), followed by \\"Little Lies\\" (1987), then \\"Eyes of the World\\" (1982)--which provides for a haphazard listening experience.<br /><br />Also at issue is the 64-page booklet. It contains dozens of photos, but not a single word on the history of the band. Sure, they include a roster of each of the various incarnations of Fleetwood Mac as well as a U.S./U.K. singles and album discography, but nothing else.<br /><br />I purchased my copy as a factory sealed cut-out for only $10 so I can't complain too much, but this could have been so much better. [Disc-1 73:24, Disc-2 72:17; Disc-3 75:08; Disc-4 72:37]
B0000AKCLS|3.0|This phenom is getting major hype, huge kudos from newbies, some of it merited. He's got guitar chops, but is not original, and still has absolutely nothing on the generations of great blues guitar masters before him, whose stuff he's cobbled together into a slick commercial sound. Take the title track: Jeff Beck+ Stevie Ray Vaughan+ Buddy Guy+shreddy 80s/90s style is the end result, and you may still wind up thinking, hm, I've still heard better, more soulful, more honest. Go listen to some Guitar Slim, Roy Buchanan, Mike Bloomfield, Elmore James, the Kings, Icepick, etc. etc.
1400082773|5.0|Im am scratching my head over this book and wonder what Obama is trying to proove here?
B000VBJEEG|5.0|There are but a few movies that are made for children which grasp within them the childlike wonder, a hope for goodness to be rewarded and the joy when it happens, and showcase them to the audience.    There are even fewer among them that bring the latent child present somewhere in the hidden recesses of the adult person front and center, and be unashamed to be seen in all it's vulnerable glory.    Ratatouille, ladies and gentlemen is the rare gem that does it breezingly. The geniuses at Pixar achieve this impossible task with sublime panache, that too, with a creature that almost all of us revile: the sewer rat.    The premise of the story is simple. Remy, a rat living in Paris, prefers to raid kitchens instead of scrounging the gutters for food. He is also blessed with the talent for cooking exquisite meals. He find inspiration in the philosophy of late Chef Gusteau: a culinary legend: that \\"Anyone can cook\\". One night, while cooking at Chef Gusteau's restaurant, he is discovered by a Linguini, a cleaning boy, in a moment when his guard is down. Remy and Linguini, become a culinary duo with Remy guiding Linguini in creating delights for the refined palate and the restaurant soars to acclaim.    With such an unlikely artist, would the patrons advocate their habitat? This forms the premise of a inspiring story about breaking one's confines and stereotypes, and risking losing everything for what one truly believes in, that's delightfully woven by director Brad Bird and Pixar.    I was eagerly awaiting the release of this dvd and it is worth every penny of the 20 dollars that it is being sold for here. I applaud and bow to the talent and artistry of everyone involved in creating this reaffirming story and picturizing it.
B00006JDU9|3.0|By now, everybody will have long made up their mind on whether or not \\"The Phantom Menace\\" sucked; while the film continues to boast a number of fans, there's little debate regarding the notion that George Lucas spectacularly under-delivered what could have been one of the biggest films in history. True, it made a mountain of money, but in no way other than a mirrored leap in technology does \\"Episode I\\" come close to touching the original \\"Star Wars\\" trilogy for being a movie to base an entire generation on.<br /><br />Two Jedi knights - Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson, \\"Schindler's List\\") and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor, \\"Moulin Rouge!\\") - are sent to confront the leaders of the evil Trade Federation about their blockade and upcoming invasion of the peaceful planet of Naboo. Before being ambushed and fleeing to Naboo, the Jedi find out that the life of the planet's leader, Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman, \\"V For Vendetta\\"), is in jeopardy; they manage to rescue the queen, but following a daring escape, they are forced to land on the desert planet Tatooine. Here, the Jedi encounter a gifted young slave boy named Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), whom Qui-Gon is sure is the answer to an ancient prophecy foretelling of the one who would bring balance to the Force and destroy the deadly Sith - an agent of which (Ray Park, \\"X-Men\\") is hot on their heels...<br /><br />Rest assured, this is not a bad movie, but in trying to live up to the film-defining legacy of its three \\"sequels\\", \\"Menace\\" fails miserably.<br />Maybe it's the fault of the actors: Liam Neeson is really the only character who feels like he would fit into the Star Wars universe, while McGregor, Portman, Lloyd, and even Samuel Jackson (\\"Pulp Fiction\\") as Mace Windu are remarkably bad in their performances; the phrase \\"trying to act\\" is accurate, here.<br />Or maybe it's the new world that Lucas created: vistas like Naboo, Coruscant, and Mos Espa - though visually beautiful - rely so much on CGI that they lack the subtle depth that Mos Eisley, Hoth, or Endor had. And like the performers, none of them feel at all familiar or particularly in-tune with the Star Wars landscape we used to know.<br />Or maybe it's the un-climatic introduction to the romance that would turn out Luke and Leia Skywalker, and bring about the creation of Darth Vader - I mean, a 9-year-old (Anakin) getting the hots for a 14-year-old (Amidala)? Ugh.<br /><br />Or maybe it was just Jar-Jar Binks (Ahmed Best), who I loved, but everybody else on earth hated with a passion.<br />Yes, we'll just say it was him.<br /><br />What the film does hold in its favour, however, are graphics that were mind-blowing then and still amazing now: the Gungan city, the sea monster scene, the pod racing, and the ground/space battle for Naboo are visually delightful, and continued Lucas' trademark of raising the bar when it came to utilizing technology to its fullest extent. Eyeballs, prepare to be amazed.<br />The action scenes are also a lifesaver: after the fairly limited duels of the previous trilogy, watching the fast-paced, acrobatic encounters between Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, and Darth Maul are a breath of fresh air for the series, and definitely don't hurt expectations. In addition, the pod race is just about the most exciting scene in the movie - blending incredible visuals, impressive soundwork, and a healthy amount of exhilaration for an attention-grabber that even the nay-sayers can't admit they saw coming.<br /><br />To quote Roald Dahl, the film \\"has the same glacial beauty as an iceberg, but unlike the iceberg [it] has absolutely nothing below the surface\\": for all of its pretty things to look at, \\"The Phantom Menace\\" lacks the classic storytelling and archetypical characters that made its predecessors so successful with audiences. Even worse, the film lacks a feeling of kinship with the original trilogy: aside from a few names and characters, it feels too much like its own adventure, and hardly seems likethe beginning of anything as grand as what the first three films were.<br />Rest assured, Star Wars fans should be quick to pick this one up, and even non-fans will be able to have a fun time with it...but seeing as my disappointment is still intact, even nine years after the film's release, it's impossible to call it great.ilms were.  Rest assured, Star Wars fans should be quick to pick this one up, and even non-fans will be able to have a fun time with it...but seeing as my disappointment is still intact, even nine years after the film's release, it's impossible to call it great.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Viva La Vida.<br /><br />While it may seem like more of the same from the four man group that idea will erased after the very song \\"Life in Technicolor\\".  This and several other songs go from the norm of what people thought that this release by Coldplay would really be.  \\"Viva La Vida\\" seems to be the closest thing to the stuff that folks are used to and radio friendly.  \\"Violet Hill\\" to me seems like a departure from this and it has a different feel to it.<br /><br />There are a couple of double songs on Viva La Vida with about 7 minutes between each of the songs.  Both while on the long side don't feel like it at the same time.  While \\"Strawberry Swing\\" is like nothing that i've heard by Coldplay and should be their 3rd single from the cd in my opinion.  They are able to break from the expectations of this release and still keep pleasing the folks that listen to their music.  As far as writing goes Coldplay does that throughout the whole cd having written it themselves.  C. Martin seems to be at home throughout the release trying out different things vocal wise and for the most part rather well.<br /><br />Viva La Vida should do well on the charts and make for a great live experience as well one that i hope.  I'm able to attend at some point in the future excellent follow up to \\"X&Y\\".
B000NDI3SK|5.0|J. Bronowski makes the kind of connections (later a title by James Burke)that relate the moments in history that advance society.  It may have been the first such series on Public Television that had a huge audience and paved the way for History Channel and Discovery Channel.  It is as amazing today, in 2008, as it was when originionally broadcast in the 1970's.  Thanks to everyone who has made it possible to see this wonderful works again.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|play and play this cd and you feel.....his voice......his music.... into you...its almost.....scary ....so beautifull...its heaven.... its what music is!!!!!!!!!
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|I think Katy Perry is an artist I have been waiting to hear!  Katy writes her own songs, plays both bass and electric guitars, her songs are creative and hilarious. She is vintage beauty and originality. I love her and her album. Take a peak at a couple of my fav songs: 2 and 7, however 1-4, 6-7 and 11 are the best. enjoy and buy a copy, spread the word!! this album just debuted mid-june 2008.
B000055XMF|5.0|The Movie is set in the late 60's central London (UK)  I am not sure who or what was the staring role, was it the actors  or the Lambretta's  not sure but both were just excellent. Language at times is a little blue, but this all fits in with the culture and the times.     If you're a real scooter buff this is the movie to add to your collection,  I have had many a good hour watching over and over this classic epic  don't let this slip by.
0061245097|5.0|I have read alot of junk lately, but this is a really good series, I thought this story was even better than the first one.  I am really looking forward to Frost's next book!!
B0002XVQNU|5.0|excellent purchase again, fast turn around and exactly what you expect to get, if not more than you expect to get
1416914285|5.0|It was soo descriptive and creative  If you like the Twilight series then this book is a must read   One of my favorite books
B000WGWQG8|1.0|Besides the cockeyed video expressed by other reviewers, what makes this series really annoying is that they made it politically correct. Are we to believe that John Adams wife was his mentor and that she guided him on what to do? How about George Washington and Thomas Jefferson's wives, were they instrumental in their decisions too? I seriously doubt it. In 1776 the view of women was not as mentors and equals but as wives and mothers who watched after the home and children and that was it. They had no say in politics or for that matter much else. Another farce expressed in the movie is that at the Boston Massacre was started because a British soldier, Hugh White, was being picked on for no reason and that the order to shoot was not given by a British soldier. According to historians this is how it actually happened.     On March 5, 1770, Hugh White served as sentry on King Street.  Some time after eight o'clock, White entered into an exchange with a wig-maker's apprentice, Edward Garrick, who was demanding payment from a British officer.  The exchange escalated into violence, as White struck Garrick with his musket, knocking him to the ground.  Regardless of which version of the story is more accurate, it is undisputed that within minutes an unruly crowd of young men surrounded Montgomery and began hurling insults such as \\"Bloody lobster back!\\" at him.  When the crowd swelled and he began being pelted with pieces of ice, Montgomery hurried to the Custom House, banged on the door and shouted, \\"Turn out, Main Guard!\\"    The eight-man guard finally emerged and marched to his rescue through a swelling crowd.    Private Hugh Montgomery was one of the eight soldiers in the main guard commanded by Captain Preston to march to the Custom House in an attempt to save Hugh White.  After making their way to White, Montgomery and the other soldiers found themselves being surrounded by the mob.  They formed a sort of semi-circle.    Soon, after a confusion of snowballs, ice chunks, and coal rained down on the British soldiers, someone shouted \\"fire\\" and five Americans were fatally wounded.  Trial testimony never definitively answered the question of who shouted \\"fire\\" and who fired the fatal shots.  In 1949, however, with the long-delayed publication of notes of Thomas Hutchinson, it was revealed that Montgomery admitted to his lawyers that it was he who started the Boston Massacre.  Hit in the chest and knocked to the ground by a club wielded by one of the rioters, Montgomery responded, he said, by shouting \\"Damn you, fire!\\"  Montgomery fired first then the other soldiers followed.   Of the British soldiers tried in October 1770, the jury convicted only Montgomery and one other soldier, Matthew Killroy.  Both were found guilty of manslaughter.   Montgomery and Killroy pleaded \\"the privilege of clergy,\\" a procedure that reduced their punishment from imprisonment to a branding on the right thumb.  Don't believe me? Read it for yourself at the University of Missouri-Kansas City school of Law's web site [...]
0756404746|5.0|I wasn't expecting such a great book. The first four chapters went kind of slow for me. I liked it, but wasn't wowed. Once the book got into the story of Kvothe's life I couldn't put it down. I am seriously tired from many late nights of reading but it was worth it. I can't wait to dive into the next book!
B00005QGAZ|3.0|To be fair, it's got three of the best singles ever made, but it takes more than three great singles to make a masterpiece, and most of this is slick, MOR filler, not to mention painfully dated.    The sound effects on \\"P.Y.T.\\" alone are cringe-inducing. The McCartney duet gets points for tossing interracial love on top of the charts in 1982, but the song itself is very cloying. The title track's cheesy, but it did produce a ground-breaking video. Can't say I'm a fan of \\"Human Nature,\\" but plenty of people have a soft spot for 'yacht rock.'    Jackson's got a ton of compilations, and as long as you pick one with \\"Billie Jean,\\" \\"Beat It\\" and \\"Wanna Be Starting Something,\\" you don't need 'Thriller.' His REAL masterpiece is 'Off The Wall' - track-for-track, a stone-cold classic.
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I became a Coldplay fan when I bought A Rush of Blood to the Head at the Virgin Records in Times Square, a family trip to NYC. Apparently the album had just been released, and I never heard of them. After a few listens, I knew this band was going to be special. AROBTTH is still my favorite album of theirs because of that vintage Coldplay sound with \\"Clocks\\" and \\"The Scientist\\", and it may be my favorite period. I own all four of Coldplay's albums on CD, and I can tell you that this one is as good as any other, if not better.<br /><br />I think AROBTTH is hard to match, but then again, some fans may like this new theme so much that they rank it higher than AROBTTH. I do like the move to the warmth, brightness and new worldly instrumentation. It is monumentally different from anything they've done before. The album begins with an exceptional intro- one without lyrics- but it is perfect. It then closes with the same song basically, but Chris Martin sings in this version. It makes the album come full circle. VLV does not have the blow-you-way-immediately rock songs like \\"Clocks\\", \\"Yellow\\", or \\"Fix You\\" (although \\"Death and All His Friends\\" sounds like \\"Fix You\\" at the end). It may take some time to like VLV as much as their other albums. I like \\"Cemeteries of London\\" because to me it sounds like Coldplay of the past and eases you into the change ahead. If you're ready to accept Coldplay's new sound, then there is no bad song on VLV. I can tell you that it was hard enough making a Coldplay greatest hits mix on an 80 min CD after X&Y was released. Now it will be even harder. Each song deserves consideration.  Overall, it is good to know that Coldplay put all their effort into VLV (3 years!), and so everything in this album must have been perfectly planned out from order of songs to the selection of certain instruments. Another note- you will appreciate this album much more when you listen to it through earphones or headphones. I was able to hear all the intros more clearly and appreciate each song's details. Highly recommend! Good for Coldplay to keep growing and evolving as a band!ppreciate each song's details. Highly recommend! Good for Coldplay to keep growing and evolving as a band!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is the greatest DVD set I have ever bought.  It is really amazing all of the fascinating things that they show you.  The camera angles are amazing and it has footage of things that no one else has.  I love it.
B000KC8O3S|5.0|an awesome CD ... any fan of the series will enjoy this musical feast for the senses .. each piece brings back memories of the episodes and you can relive them all over again. highly recommended!!
B00025ETIW|3.0|I hate emo. I hate bands like Taking Back Sunday, Finch, Hawthorne Heights, etc etc etc. This is a dying trend of music that came and went pretty fast in the 2002-2005 time period, and frankly I'm glad it's gone, even if the pseudo hardcore/ freaky deaky stop-start-stop-start music is no better.    So what is it about this CD? Well this is what it is. My Chemical Romance and the Used, which are the only two bands in the emo/scene that I can deal with without wanting to kill myself because of how bad the music is, have one thing that the other bands do not. Rhythm and flow. That is, the music sounds like rock music that is chock full of quirks and curveballs, not a bunch of incoherant sounds that were accidentally meshed together and then saved by mistake. No, My Chemical Romance, while I admit that I used to hate, actually deserve some credit here, because they manage to make a music that is so incredibly mainstream friendly, but they still stay true to the fact that they are musicians. The craft songs that have a rocking feel to them, that you could bang your head to if you wanted. YES I SAID BANG YOUR HEAD NOT HARDCORE DANCE LIKE SOME OF THESE OTHER BANDS OUT THERE. Now I don't know what fans do at shows like these, I've never seen this band live and never intend to. Honest to God I sold this CD to protect my ego and pride, and get some money to buy some more Bad Religion, but I burned myself a copy before I did and every once in a million years I listen to it, because as much as I would love to dismiss this band as mainstream codswallup, I can't, because they're not. Their new CD, the one after \\"Black Parade\\" has rumors about it returning to a simpler punkier feeling roots. If they did that, that'd truly be great. They need to step away from the mainstream garbage because quite frankly, they're a step above it.    I don't have all that much more insight to the typical person who would read this review or like this band, but that's okay 'cause they probably spendmore time in Hot Topic than they would actually reading anything, and they probably already have this CD illegally downloaded for their ipod anyway, so it's not like I'm going to be the decision maker as to whether you buy this CD. But if I hypothetically was the decision maker, I'd say borrow it from someone, listen to it, maybe burn a copy, and if you're really into that, why not buy it.    Highlight Tracks: \\"Thanks for the Venom\\" \\"Till the End\\" \\"Give 'em Hell Kid\\"
0316143472|5.0|This was my first book by David Sedaris and it did not disappoint.  This book is humorous, Sedaris has a great outlook on life.  I especially enjoyed the piece called \\"That's Amore.\\"  The old lady in that story is quite a character, read it and find out what I am talking about.  Wrapping my review up, I'll end it by saying that I will be reading more from David Sedaris and that \\"When You Are Engulfed In Flames\\" deserves two thumbs up.
0894803123|5.0|I have a number of ice cream recipe books, and I also have my mother's custard-style ice cream recipe from way back. While I love custard-style ice cream, it is a lot of work, and sometimes I just want to throw together some ingredients and toss them into my [[ASIN:B00004RDF0 MUSSO LUSSINO  4080]] (the best ice cream maker there is for the home). That's where this cookbook shines. The recipes are great, and very fast.<br /><br />One caution: Most of the recipes use raw eggs. I personally don't care, since I buy only locally produced, organic eggs from free-range, non-debeaked chickens. I figure that how happy any animal is, whether human or beast, makes a huge difference in its health, and so far I have never had any problems.<br /><br />However, if you have concerns, you can use pasteurized egg products. Or you can use an excellent alternative cookbook, [[ASIN:B0002X1JMI The Ultimate Ice Cream Book]], which has many recipes that don't require eggs at all. Just be aware that eggs make a big (positive) difference in taste over recipes that don't use eggs.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I watched this on HBO and I DO NOT buy movies or DVDs but I had to buy this. Why? If you love this country and want to understand how it was founded as well as WHY OUR GOVERNMENT IS BROKEN AND NOT WORKING AS IT WAS MEANT TO, this is an important movie to own and share with your children.   I very strongly believe that the government is supposed to be \\"for the people, by the people\\" and that the people in government only have power because We the People allow them to have it. Unfortunately, our government has become corrupt with all the money passing thru congress and the congress doing what THEY want and not what we want. Politics was never meant to be a career. It was an inconvenience that people did in order to serve their fellow citizens. A person hired for 4-6 years at $140,000 a year who was not a millionaire before they got the job should not become a millionaire with in that same time span but they ALL do! Running for congress has become the \\"get rich quick\\" scheme for the 21st century. The problem is that instead of sticking to values, the people in congress are solely concerned with their own power and vote on things not based on right or wrong but based on how it will affect their career. That applies to BOTH sides. I don't care which side you are on, if you are intellectually honest, you have to admit that the people in our government today care about their career more than what's right.    The best quote from the movie is when John Adams tells his son \\"The peoples business must be done. If wise men won't then others will\\". Look at what we have today and you can see our country is being run by \\"others\\" right now.    Besides all that, it is a well told story and incredibly well acted and should win all kinds of awards. You are left with a feel of what it was like to live in that time right down to everyones rotting teeth. (That was a bit scary to be honest) It is a story filled with Honor, conflict and drama as well as characters you really care about. When the Declaration of Independence is read, if you love this country you find yourself tearing up with pride! I'm a guy and was almost blubbering during it. It is a very powerful moment in the movie.    This is a must watch for any Patriot and anyone who loves America. If you want your children to learn to love history, sit down with them and watch this over the course of a week and discuss it with them.    In reading the negative reviews they seem to be more related to how this was done compared to the book and/or that it was boring. I don't expect American history is exciting to everybody but take those reviews with a grain of salt. If you have ADHD this isn't a good movie for you. But, if you feel you don't know enough about this Country's founding and how we got where we are, then this will be \\"can't stop watching\\" TV. What's more, if you want to know what it felt like to live in a different time this movie transports there. I lost track of time watching this and was more engaged than almost anything I have ever watched. When I first watched it I thought it would be another \\"America is a bad country\\"/\\"the poor are always being taken advantage of\\" Hollywood movie that would make me angry. Instead I found myself amazed and inspired and a little confused as to how this got out of Hollywood without someone losing a job. I am so impressed that I am ordering copies for many of my friends and family.    Last, I was always proud to be an American but this movie made that so much stronger and is the reason why this is the first DVD series I have ever bought. Order it now and you will learn more about the founding of this Country in just a few hours than most of us did in all of our years in school. If I had the money I would buy 400 million and send one copy to every citizen. I can not recommend this strongly enough!
B0002F6AH0|3.0|I watched this set over and over.  Honestly it is the best in the market and I encourage any one who didn't know about WWII is to start with this.  It collects many newsreels from German Allied sources and builds the entire documentary narration on it! And some times vice versa!    The viewer must note that it doesn't tell the truth all the time; some times they hide important facts; ignore the achievement and greatness of certain people, events and some time it focus on certain unnecessary issues.  Something valuable in it as it shows interview with Nazi leader - generals and high ranking officers whom all died by now. And you feel that their statement is censored to save the purpose of the film and the allied point of view, some of the interviews with normal citizens from Germany are not fair as they are biased and non accountable.  The Sequence of even are nit the great even it is very good and very good quality.  If you wondering what happen in WWII with comprehensive good quality while you drink cup of tea I advice you to watch this set.
0385338724|5.0|This was an excellent book, the women I work with passed the book around the office and all talked about it.  Sophie Kinsella is now my favorite author.  I am now reading her Shopaholic series and I'm buying Can You Keep A Secret?
B000BTJDG2|4.0|With such a recent plethora of movies based on torture and gore to achieve their chills, it is refreshing to find a movie that retains some intelligence and still manages to get a few spine-chilling moments, with barely a speck of blood or guts to be seen.<br />First and foremost, this is a court room drama. And yet there is an interesting twist, because the subject is one based on belief, not on facts.. and it makes for some interesting moral questions.  The movie starts at the tail end of events as the priest is taken into custody.  A young woman, Emily Rose, has died in his care following an exorcism.  Was it neglect on his part keeping her from medical care for a psychotic epilepsy condition, or were his efforts justified and in fact medical intervention nullified the effects of the exorcism?  We are led through the events in flashback throughout the course of the trial, sometimes to eery effect, as the priest refuses to cut a deal and insists on telling Emily's story to a jury.<br />At the centre of the movie is the relationship between Laura Linney's jaded and agnostic defence counsel and her client the priest played by Tom Wilkinson.  The two leads play with conviction, but Jennifer Carpenter's physically demanding role of Emily Rose should not be overlooked.<br />Admirably, the tone is not one of full on shocks and scares - there is a neutrality which gives you space to make your own mind up, and yet allow you to see events as the Father Moore and Emily saw them.  It's this intelligence towards the subject which sets this apart from most other recent horror movies and makes this worth watching.
B0006L16N8|5.0|I first heard this On Holiday and ever since then It has never gotten too boring or too tired to listen to..excellent ++++++
B0017MO10U|5.0|GREAT SELLER, INCREDIBLE PRODUCT, SUPER QUALITY.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I have every album Judas Priest ever released. I even like the Ripper albums. I consider Judas Priest one of my favorite bands, so when I saw they had a new album out, I snatched it up. I was a bit hesitant to see it was a concept album but I figured, \\"what the heck, I have the others.\\"      Well, this album reminds me of that sorry song on Judas Rising called Loch Ness. Corny, long, overly  dramatic, forced, and boring. As far as I'm concerned, there is not one stand out song on the entire disc. What happened to cool stuff like Revolution, Sinner, Breaking the Law, One On One, Hell is Home, etc.    A concept album about Nostrodamus? How could I have ever thought that would be interesting? I wasted my money. I hope I don't like it because I'm getting old and not because it stinks.     PURCHASE WITH CAUTION.
B0000TLA9G|5.0|This is a great \\"best of\\" cd.  It is great for loyal fans as well as people just discovering the band.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|season 3 was ok. it wasn't as great as 1 and 2 but it certainly wasn't bad. It was a transition season, and like transition movies and books, it lost some of the charm the other seasons had because it had to convey a lot and keep its audiences while atempting to gain more fans. Moving from high school to college, meant a whole new staff, new story lines, new sides of neptune and still incorperating the original characters like Kieth.    When i bought Seasons 1 and 2 i couldnt tear my eyes away from the screen, but season 3 i was able to space out over days. The very last episode was proof that rob thomas hadn't lost his touch. It was pure veronica gold. The last scene of veronica walking down a rainy street away from the camera while the song \\"it never rains in southern california\\" plays was just haunting! It was perfect and as end to the series it did fine. It left hope for LoVe, showed us a forever strong bond between veronica and kieth, and keeps us thinking about veronica's future with the new knowledge of a secret society and its member's mishaps and jake kane's invlovment.    now, had they done a season 4 at the FBI, i think that would have been werid. as a promo on the dvd it was awesome! i loved being able to see were veronica would end up, but as a movie i really hope they do like a fourth season of the show with veronica still in college and answering some of season 3's questions in that brillant Rob Thomas fashion.    Overall season 3 is a must have for fans and curious newbies alike, not as great but still really really good.
B000HD1AEA|5.0|This was a really great cd.  Great for any true fans or for anyone who is looking for a new cd.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permanent waves is Like an Old Friend.  You  can listen to it over and over and the relationship is always the same, you can fall back on it at any point even if it has been years and everything is right with the world!    Permanent Waves was released in 1980 and followed up the last of the true long suite progressive rock albums Hemispheres while also predating 1981's moving Pictures by one year. Hemispheres is also a modern rock classic but is quite different from Permanent Waves in a number of different ways.  First of all the title track of Hemispheres is an entire side of the album like 1976's 2112.  Permanent Waves does include a 9 plus minute tune in Natural Science but no instrumentals although sections of Natural Science are fairly long instrumental sections.  I would also rank Natural Science as the best track on this great album though there are several excellent tracks here.  Natural Science is very relevant today or in any era as our awareness of Climate Change and our \\"carbon footprint' are very relevant to the theme of Natural Science which discusses humankind's lack of awareness of our effect on the natural world and even hints of genetic engineering or other newer science technologies that we have not fully grasped before unleashing them on an unsuspecting world.    Entre Nous is one of the very few love songs ever penned by Peart, Lee and Lifeson and it is a great one.  I am thrilled that they have been performing it live on the Snakes and Arrows tour and am hopeful they will continue to do so as I am slated to see them next month!  Different Strings which follows Entre Nous is another excellent love song and is a true ballad, one of the few ever from the group that features some excellent guitar work by Alex Lifeson and it is a gem.  I won't discuss Spirit of Radio or Free will because so many others have elaborated on them ad infinitum but I will mention the one clunker here and that would be Jacob's Ladder.  This particular song smacks of fillerand embodies virtually every cliche' that This Is Spinal Tap so effectively lampooned.    How can I rank an album 5 stars with one out of 6 songs being filler you ask?  The remaining tracks are so superb that they overwhelmingly balance out the weak Jacob's Ladder.  This one is in the top 5 of all Rush albums to date, highly recommended!
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|almost!    i like the 7min journey of a song but the songs dont really hook me like their earlier work.    3 star effort imo.
B0016HNOXQ|5.0|I have been a Portishead fan from the very beginning. I can still remember exactly where I was and what I was doing the moment I heard Dummy for the first time. Such is the power of their music and the impact it has left on me.     When I heard Portishead was releasing their first studio release in 11 years I was excited and a part of me was hoping it would be more Dummy-esque. Another part of me was glad that it isn't. Had they did another Dummy it would have been good, no doubt, but for me it would have come across as artistically lazy and creatively constipated.     Instead Portishead delivers a hard, gritty, and abrasive sound on 3 and it works, it works real well. Some of their signature elements are still here : Beth's haunting, mournful vocals; that eerie Theremin sound; their bleak lyrics; and the occasional beat that harkens back to Dummy. Other signature elements are missing: the samples and scratching; the trip-hop beats; the film noir soundtrack feel. These missing elements are replaced with relentlessly staccato drumbeats,  percussion that sounds like helicopters, high pitched tones, live drums and rock guitar.    The standout tracks for me are \\"Silence\\", \\"Nylon Smile\\", \\"The Rip\\", \\"Plastic\\" and  \\"Threads\\" because they maintain that old Portishead feel infused with a gritty breath of fresh air. Although all of the tracks are pretty good except \\"Deep Water\\" which is this weird Hawaiian luau song that doesn't really fit in but it does calm you down a bit before the sonic assault of \\"Machine Gun\\". The most notably different tracks are \\"Small\\" which goes off  on a two minute psychedelic tangent that Jefferson Airplane would be proud of and \\"Machine Gun\\" with its sonic assault of abrasive, unrelenting beats.    Before purchasing the disc, I burned a copy off a friend who had an advance copy.  In my haste to have this delicious morsel of music in my hands, I accidentally burned the tracks in reverse order starting with \\"Threads\\" and ending with \\"Silence\\". I must say the album flows beautifully in this order and, even after purchasing the disc, I find myself returning to my burned copy because the flow is more cohesive. Before you naysay 3 try listening to the tracks in reverse order. \\"Deep Water\\" is a perfect calm moment after the abrasiveness of \\"Machine Gun\\" and the abrupt ending of \\"Silence\\" is a perfect closer.     This is still Portishead, a more mature Portishead that is still forward thinking in their approach to music. Sure, those who want another Dummy or more mind numbing trip-hop (even though that genre has been dead for years) will more than likely hate 3.  It's a polarizing release and diehard fans will either love it or hate it. Frankly, I'm glad they've decided to try something different but at the same time manage to maintain their signature sound. Genius.
B000003GBN|5.0|Having listened to many many different recordings of Beethoven's 5th Symphony, this recording is outstanding! This version will move your soul.
1572705329|1.0|I've always been a fan of the British actress Prunella Scales and already own some of her readings of classic novels, including Cranford which she handles delightfully.  So it was a big disappointment to find that she seems to have completely misjudged her narration of Emma.  One of the pleasures of a Jane Austen novel is the author's deceptively quiet tone; its very understatement sharpens her satire and makes her jokes even funnier.  Unfortunately, Miss Scales has adopted the opposite approach, using a hopelessly inappropriate shrill, impatient voice.  Given that the opening chapters are dominated by two of literature's most tiresome characters, Emma Woodhouse and her feebleminded father, the result is unbearably irritating.  I gave up after an hour, and was glad to track down a far more enjoyable reading by Juliet Stevenson [[ASIN:962634394X Emma (Classic Fiction)]]- by far the best Austen narrator on the market today.
B0015UXNGC|5.0|My apologies if some other reviewer has already treaded the ground I am about to cover with my review. There are already so many good and long reviews here that I can't really imagine reading them all before putting my two cents in. However, some of the top reviews got me thinking about my reactions to this book, and I've decided to add them (perhaps in the hope that it will reward me with some general sense of loyalty to an author I have come to closely identify myself with).    To understand Infinite Jest, you have to understand David Foster Wallace. I personally have read and enjoyed to different degrees everything he has written, but for those only interested in getting a better grasp on Infinite Jest, I suggest purchasing and reading \\"A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again.\\" In that collection of stories and essays, you will find a sort-of \\"behind-the-scenes\\" look at some of the places where Infinite Jest came from. For instance, the character of James Incandenza can clearly be seen as influenced by real-life director David Lynch, whom Wallace met while writing a portrait piece on Lynch and visiting the set of \\"Lost Highway.\\" Actually, I suspect the seeds of at least one other character may have grown from that assignment; needless to say, Wallace's own discussion of Lynch's movies and their influence on him speaks volumes not only about what Infinite Jest is really about, but also how important his visit to one of Lynch's movie sets must have been to him.    The essay in \\"A Supposedly Fun Thing...\\" about television, though heady, also gives a good bit of insight into the mind of the man behind Infinite Jest. As does the essay about his childhood experiences playing tennis. But the key essay for figuring out Wallace's intentions with Infinite Jest is also probably the driest bit of text yet published under his name. Wallace's essay about post-modern writing gives a real sense of who he is as a writer, and what his feelings are about telling a story.    Wallace went to school as a creative writer in the lates 80's. He read a lot of contemporary fiction, and around that time, guys like John Barth and Thomas Pynchon were icons of post-modern fiction. And just as Wallace was exiting the university and entering the fray of American publishing, a new \\"style\\" of fiction had been born. It was called \\"meta-fiction.\\"     The tagline for meta-fiction was: it's fiction about fiction. Whatever that is supposed to mean, Wallace was probably thinking about it when he started to conceive of the idea behind Infinite Jest. In some sense, Infinite Jest could be described as a story about telling stories. People telling their \\"stories\\" at AA meetings. Hal reliving a childhood memory over the phone with Orin. Mario telling the story of the forming of O.N.A.N. as a puppet show.    But at it's heart, there is one clear thing that Infinite Jest most certainly is: it is a joke. The title is \\"Infinite JEST\\"! The point behind the book is to play an elaborate joke on the reader. Not a mean-spirited joke; just a joke.    But this isn't a shaggy-dog story. This isn't just wandering prose with no endpoint. The whole point of Infinite Jest is that it DOES come to a conclusion, you just never get to know how it got there. Wallace tells you that something tragic has happened to Hal, but he doesn't tell you what. And he gives you options for what might have happened, but he wants the reader to forever be wondering: what really messed this kid up?    It might be worthwhile to think about what one of the book's sources is. The title is drawn from a line in Hamlet, but the play's influence on the book doesn't end there. The James Incandenza character appears as a ghost near the end of the story, just as the king did in Hamlet. Although Incandenza appears before Don Gately, rather than Hal, which might suggest who the real hero is supposed to be. And the relationship between Hal's mother and her half-brother mimics the marriage of Claudius and Gertrude.Just as Hamlet devolves into madness following his father's murder, Hal's own descent into uncontrollable facial spasms can be seen near the end of IJ. As people remark about the weird expressions he is making, we're left wondering if Hal is actually going insane, or just losing control of his body. The plot of Hamlet seems to deal with one young spoiled man's inability to cope with the tragedy foisted upon him when his father is killed. Infinite Jest deals with some of these same issues.    Which goes back to the idea that this is all supposed to be fiction about fiction. Wallace's book is one big arch-joke on the reader. But the idea isn't to frustrate or upset the people who've spent months reading the book. The idea is to get them to question what they are really looking for in entertainment.     Do we really want to know who shot JFK? I've read Infinite Jest four or five times, and I would be very disappointed if Wallace ever came out with some coda telling us what really happened to Hal. I don't want to know. In his article about Lynch, Wallace talks about how disappointing Twin Peaks became after we found out who killed Laura Palmer. Why do we want the mystery revealed?    That's the beauty of Infinite Jest. The story goes on forever. I can keep going back and re-reading the story, because there is so much in there to rediscover, and so many different scenarios to postulate on that may get me to the same conclusion: that university bathroom in Arizona.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|After X&Y, I thought that all the fame that came with A Rush of Blood finally got to them. In this album, they've gone beyond their typical sound.  It's fresher, fuller, more experimental. Viva la vida, cemeteries of London,  lovers in Japan are highlights of the album. Overall, a milestone for Coldplay and definately a step in the right direction.
B000P12LWY|2.0|Completely disappointing. I can't believe that this is the same actor-- Jonathan Rhys Meyers-- who was in Match Point (Woody Allen).
0792833201|4.0|Lately I have been really craving a good suspense/horror film. And I could have sworn I had seen this before, but when I started watching it I realized I have not. And man am I glad now I have seen it.     It starts off with nice shots around the town where everything seems normal, and you can definitely tell Spielberg was directing this. The story evolves around a family in there home, who start to notice strange things happening around there house. At first the wife thinks it's amusing, some of the spirits seem to be playful, until one of the evil ones kidnaps there daughter and pulls her into the in between world.     The family then seek out help to get there daughter back, and all hell breaks lose.     --------    For a movie made in 1982, the visual FX are pretty good. Unlike if Spielberg had of made it today, it would be 90% CGI Overkill.    It's a great film, and just when you think it's over, it starts again and becomes a movie you are really not expecting.     I'm glad I realized now that I had not seen this before, or else I would kick myself. It is a great flick, and I can;t wait till I rush out and hire the sequels.
B000VS6P9Q|3.0|As I look through my i-tunes collection, I realize that I already have six versions of \\"Highway 61 Revisited\\" saved digitally on my computer. A few are various Dylan recordings and the remainder are covers by other artists. I have eight versions of \\"All Along the Watchtower,\\" nine versions of \\"Just Like a Woman,\\" and over a dozen renderings of \\"Knockin' on Heaven's Door.\\" All of this overkill begs the question; Does the world need another album of artists covering Bob Dylan songs? The simple answer is `Of course not\\", but the soundtrack for \\"I'm Not There\\" is not quite so simple.<br /> Over the course of two disks, thirty-four recordings by almost as many artists veer wildly all over place. Some are faithful to the original recordings, while others are incredibly imaginative recreations. For my money, it's the reinvented tracks that may help this collection become something more than a novelty. Perhaps the most surprising thing is how many of the most iconoclastic artists are the very ones who play it safest. Eddie Vedder sounds great on \\"All Along the Watchtower,\\" but he does nothing that hasn't been done hundreds of times before. Cat Power and Karen O created virtual carbon copies of Dylan's own recordings, leaving me to wonder why they would even bother, since any cover band could have done the same thing. Even Jeff Tweedy disappointed, with a true-to-form but straightforward reading of \\"A Simple Twist of Fate.\\"<br />The most successful stuff here are the acts who chose obscure material, or have rendered the song into something new and interesting in its own right. The Los Lobos version of \\"Billy 1\\" is totally cool, and casts an obscure gem in an entirely new light. Iron and Wine teamed up with Calexico to create as moody an interpretation of \\"Dark Eyes\\" as I could imagine. You'll have to listen twice before you even recognize it. I also have to give props to Yo La Tengo - a band that usually does not impress me much - for choosing \\"I Wanna Be Your Lover.\\" This may the hardest-rocking song this band has ever stumbled upon. I don't even know where Stephen Malkmus found \\"Can't Leave Her Behind,\\" but I'm glad he did, while Sufjan Stevens turns \\"Ring Them Bells\\" into a Van Dyke Parks-style show tune.<br /> I guess everybody will read this collection in their own way, but I doubt that anyone would consider it to be indispensable. As for myself, I intend to load a dozen or so tracks into my i-tunes, but I'll skip the recordings that bring nothing new to the table.  B Tom Ryanardest-rocking song this band has ever stumbled upon. I don't even know where Stephen Malkmus found \\"Can't Leave Her Behind,\\" but I'm glad he did, while Sufjan Stevens turns \\"Ring Them Bells\\" into a Van Dyke Parks-style show tune.   I guess everybody will read this collection in their own way, but I doubt that anyone would consider it to be indispensable. As for myself, I intend to load a dozen or so tracks into my i-tunes, but I'll skip the recordings that bring nothing new to the table.  B Tom Ryan
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|First off, I should preface this review by stating I found their first CD \\"Parachutes\\" to be a promising (if uneven) effort, was absolutely blown away by \\"Rush of Blood\\" (still one of my all-time favorites from any artist), and hugely disappointed with \\"X&Y\\" (sterile, overproduced, and somewhat whiny).  I've noticed from previous reviewers here that they either loved X&Y or didn't much care for it.  So I would say that if X&Y was your least favorite Coldplay CD, then you are going to love \\"Viva La Vida\\", and vice-versa.  This new CD is quite different.  The songs here are not as accessible or instantly-likable as those on \\"Rush\\".  However, after several \\"spins\\" of this CD, all but one (\\"Yes\\") have really grown on me.  Starting off the disc with an instrumental (\\"Life in Technicolor\\"), for example, seemed kind of stange at first.  But I think what they were trying to do was set the \\"tone\\" of this new CD -- and it works.  The songs remaing strong throughout.  I will eat a copy of this review if \\"Lost!\\" doesn't become a major radio hit.  And I have to say I'm glad that Chris Martin toned down the falsetto on this disc.  All in all, a great effort from one of the few bands that still seems to care about making \\"music\\", as opposed to disposable crap that no one will care about even five years from now.  I would give this CD four-and-a-half stars if possible (only because I still don't think it's quite as good as \\"Rush of Blood to the Head\\" -- although I wouldn't be entirely surprised if I changed my mind after repeated listens).  But I opted to go with five stars because it's just... that... good.
0385495323|5.0|Simon Singh books usually hold you from the first page and till the end. \\"The code book\\" is very well written and very informative. You will see how it's started and where cryptography goes, but even more interesting part of history of cryptography - life (sometimes secret life) of people who worked and continue to work on development of cryptosystems.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Before a track-by-track look at the album, I'll start by reviewing the album as a whole. Coldplay's new album, though maybe not a \\"breakthrough\\" album, still does have alot to offer. The music itself on Viva La Vida is much more diversified, and really I think it shows that the band have learned to implement their musical influences more creatively than before. Many of the songs are obviously influenced by certain artists (especially the Arcade Fire, Radiohead, My Bloody Valentine, and of course Brian Eno). Its also a little more \\"beatlesesque\\" for lack of a better word, but not to any great or noticeable extent. In fact, though the influences are at times EXTREMELY apparent, you're going to have to admit that these songs are Coldplay's songs and not rip-offs at any level. Though, to be fair, the first track \\"Life in Technicolor\\" uses a Jon Hopkins sample at the beginning, but there's nothing like \\"Talk\\" on here. It is  a solid opening track and interesting instrumentally. \\"Cemetaries of London\\" is really a walk in a new direction for the band; it really is more mature lyrically and even musically than their previous work. At times it even sounds foreboding, something you can't say that much about their earlier songs. \\"Lost!\\" is a rock solid track with a pretty catchy beat and melody, and I think will definitely be one of the popular favorites from this album. If the band knows what's good for them, this should probably be their next single.  The next track, \\"42\\", is definitely one of the more interesting ones, with a pretty strong lyrical and musical theme of death. This song really shows a Radiohead influence, especially the middle section, and has a sort of a John Lennon touch to it. It's probably the \\"craziest \\" song on the album, as it had multiple sections and pretty intriguing ones at that. \\"Lovers In japan\\" is hands down influenced by the Arcade Fire, and really they do a great job with it without losing their own integrity and keeping their own creativity.That said, it is probably one of the least ambitious tracks on the album, though that by no means is a blow to the quality of the song. \\"Reign of Love\\" is a pretty low key track that sort of reminds me of \\"Til Kingdom Come\\" from X&Y, though there's not as much as a country/Johnny Cash Influence. \\"Yes\\" is probably the band's first song about more mature love, so to speak, as it doesn't deal with unrequited heartbreak as much as it deals with \\"romantic\\" frustration. \\"Chinese Sleep Chant\\" is really one of my favorites, the My Bloody Valentine touch is pretty neat. \\"Viva La Vida\\" is probably the most \\"mainstream\\" and \\"catchy\\" track on here, and you've probably heard it so I'm not going to describe it. \\"Violet Hill\\"  has a pretty strong \\"chorus\\" and a sort of epic feeling to it. \\"Strawberry Swing\\" is a pretty relaxing sort of track that I guess you could say is, relative the album its on, the \\"Green Eyes\\" or \\"Hardest Part\\" of this album, though probably with a more Eastern flavor to it. The closing track starts with the classic Chris-piano deal then transforms into a loud and rhythmicaly interesting ending, then moves into the hidden track which is a pretty retrospective and emotional in a Sigur Ros sort of way. But really, to sum it up, this is one of the best albums of the year. It is more sophisticated than their previous albums, more diverse and interesting, and frankly I dont see how you could give this a below average rating. Most of these ratings are hardly constructive criticism and are pretty much all dismissive and dont really seem informed, nor do they seem to have even listened to the album. Give it a chance, its really not bad at all. Its no OK Computer or Sgt Peppers, but really I dont see why it should be, even though it seems like so many critics blame the album for trying to be as ambitious. Dont have a closed mind, and dont listen to closed minds. Great album, great band, one of the greatest out there right now. Dont pass up one of the few mainstream albums that actually has integrity.
0385493622|5.0|You will discover how one day dream can come true. From Pythagoras and Fermat and to Andrew Wiles - Simon Singh will help you to make more than 350 years way to solution of mystery in few hours (or in couple of days). This is really enjoyable historic reading - highly recommended.
B0006SSOHC|5.0|From an admittedly gruesome but purely artistic viewpoint, this first Saw movie is the only 5 star and by far the best film of the series.  Sure, the premise is a bit far-fetched and unlikely, but a good movie can ask you to believe the unbelievable, if it's well made.  If movies did nothing more than reflect our everyday mundane lives, there would be no reason to escape to the theater to bury ourselves in fantasy.  But if that fantasy just so happens to include a little carnage and gratuitous violence to the point of inducing just the tiniest bit of innocent nausea, then grab a barf bag, smile and enjoy it!  I'm exaggerating now.  I'll spare the synopsis I'm sure you've seen about the two men chained to filthy bathroom pipes with a violent suicide victim between them.  Instead, I'll focus on what makes this a brilliant movie.  There is an actual premise to this movie, and an actual psychology as well.  It's difficult to imagine the main antagonist in this work, Jigsaw, could have the financial or mental (or any other necessary) resources to pull off the stunts in this movie.  But to imagine a nearly surrealistic vengeance in such an unlikely form of vigilanteism still holds a fascination for the average viewer with a typically human blood lust.  What Jigsaw does to his victims is a vengeance that we all wish at some point that we could take....and as Jigsaw says, \\"I never kill people, I merely gives them the means by which they either kill themselves or survive.\\"  Of course, you should never try any of these stunts at home, kids...but there is a brutal realism, in the human emotions displayed by Jigsaw, and his victims.  His dream of 'helping people to appreciate the life that they too often take for granted' is taken too far to the extreme in this movie, and people should never go this far in real life, but in the fantasy of cinema, the sense of victimization of everyone involved is truly felt by the audience, even while watching someone inadvertantly slicing themselves open or hacking off a limb.  There is gruesome violence here.  There are blatant real emotions, self-preservation and testing of the human spirit in the extreme.  As always, this first movie opens and explains a premise, and all subsequent sequels destroy the beauty and carnage of the original...because with the explanations out of the way, parts 2-4 can focus on more special effects, violence and even less plausable violence scenarios.  This movie stands alone as a work of art...violent, bloody, grotesque art...but art none the less!  Parts 2-4 are good movies and a fun viewing experience, but this first movie keeps the human traps simple, more believable and less complex...leaving the complexities in the thin, flimsy study and testing of the fragile human spirit.  Sure, you can break a person emotionally, but if someone's going to kill him or hack off a limb, it's better to let him do it to himself!  This is a great movie!  An inspired, gruesome work of grotesque art!  Make a point to see it, but not if you have to chop off an arm or something!
B000TX7B5U|1.0|For me, this album is entirely unbearable to listen to.  Serj's vocals just sound completely retarted, and the rest of the music behind it doesn't display much talent.  But whatever floats your boat, I guess...
0307387178|3.0|I give Krakauer credit for not musing more then he did and sticking to the facts he was able to uncover.  It was an interesting and sad story.  I think McCandless was presented in a reasonably honest manner but did not understand his character so could sympathize with the parents.  At some point you let go and hope.  In this case McCandless was interesting, intelligent, charming but not world wise practical.  There just wasn't enough here for an entire book, albeit short.  The story was longer then a magazine article but to write a book meant including details in greater length then I thought necessary to appreciate the story.  I would have enjoyed the book more if the author has filled the pages with some detail of Alaska and the trouble others encounter and how Alaskans deal with the wild.
0375424474|5.0|I can't add much that hasn't already been said.  A 5-star book, easy to read and understand, and still interesting for a trained biologist.  I only wish it had been longer!  See other reviews for more in-depth coverage, I would only be repeating their statements.
B000ZOXDFA|2.0|I adored the first Elizabeth. It was perfect in it's script and flawless in it's acting. After watching The Golden Age however, I was utterly distraught. I cannot believe that this is made by the same man who directed the first film. It just doesn't seem possible.   Everything from the script, to the editing to the actors that don't belong, it just doesn't work or flow. If there is one redeaming aspect of this film, it is the once again brilliant performance by Cate Blanchette. She can do no wrong. She is one of the most skilled actresses out there, anywhere. However, my gripe is actually with her character. She doesn't even seem to be the same Queen from the first Elizabeth. Granted, years have passed, but this Elizabeth comes off as weak and undecided, jittery even. It doesn't feel right. Abbie Cornish also feels very wrong as the Queen's favorite lady-in-waiting. She is very out of place, no matter the beautiful costume she is wearing.     Samantha Morton as Mary Stewart is UTTERLY wasted. They could have just cast some unknown, so small and barely noticable a part she played. One of my favorite actors, Geoffry Rush was shamefully placed in the background and barely had anything to do with this film. His character was a favorite of mine in the first film.  Clive Owen is pointless in this. His character feels neither here nor there. Wrong choice in actors, I guess.     The plot was also confusing, it jumped around way too much and you never really know how much time has passed. There is no mystery or intrigue. Nothing to captivate. The final and supposedly huge battle is a few boring minutes long and feels almost out of place.    The costumes and wigs are magnificent, as in the first film.  Again, one of the only bright spots.     This is an extrememly dissapointing film that probably should not have been made. It seems very unnecessary. This is definitely one of the instances where a sequel is so much worse than the original.
B0000019PA|1.0|Hey World,<br />  Guess I'm the minority here, possibly out of my element? Just cant stand his over pushed voice and the repetative strums. Lastly, and most important his sick demented lyrics about little boys! Who would back this album??? This songwritter is truly a sick man who needs help. Shame on all the reviewers who cant spend time to scratch the surface. Sad sad sad sad!!!
B0007MWZEK|4.0|I've had my sweeper for about a year and a half.  I was never PERFECTLY happy with it- but it did what I needed. It does a pretty good job for daily pick-ups in my kitchen/dining area.  It works well on the hardwoods, and we have a large braided rug (dark) and it picks up all of the dirt. It's very easy to operate (It's my 4-yr olds favorite chore.). It's even easy enough that my kids empty it out.  It's very lightweight.    I am now having to get a replacement battery as it just can't get charged enough- but for doing almost daily pickups, and having lasted this long. I'm very satisfied.      My only complaint is it doesn't do very well on other carpet. The rugs in my kitchen have almost not pile to them, but any regular carpet (like stairs) or my other bathroom rugs, it just bogs it down and the brushes can't turn.  SO it's best on hardwood/tile/very flat rugs.    I would definitely buy another one (and planning on it for my bathrooms).
B0014KD46W|5.0|If you love hearing the easy flow of Winwood's voice, you will love this album. Smooth and easy listening to enjoy, especially when you are stuck in traffic. Sanity saver.
B0018AK9RK|1.0|I love JP, but this really blows. There are no twin leads, or screaming vocals, no wall of sound. Just 2 CDs full of ballads. I am not kidding. What is JP thinking?
0439813786|5.0|It was so enthralling! The illustrations were so descriptive that I could envision exactly what was happening in the text. Although the plot of the story was so captivating, the text was not elaborate but simple. That's what I enjoyed about this story... since the words were so simple and predictable, when looking at the illustrations I felt as if I could write the words they were meant to convey.    I have never had such a page turning read. I love to read and enjoy watching movies but both lack what this book had. When reading sometimes the author writes the simplest details out so you can follow the story, but those words seem to make me lose the excitement of the story. However, movies remove the necessity of the imagination and sifting through the story; it can be mindless.    This book removed the simple descriptions that cut from the excitement by replacing such texts with illustrations. Even the illustrations allow the audience to imagine as the reader is left to decode the drawings/photos into words so it makes sense with the rest of the text.    I loved it!!! I even enjoyed the format of the book. I loved that it had postmodern concepts (jumping between illustrations and text) but it also had an old school feel to it with the black trim on the pages, the crisp white pages with minimal text.
B000005S0E|5.0|This is one of The Cure's most experimental records ever, and I absolutely love it. It is a MUST for any devoted Cure fan. I feel that this cd deserves a lot more respect and attention. It is creative and fun with a twist of darkness and morbidity; two everlasting characteristics of the band itself.
0679847367|5.0|Oh, The Places You'll Go!  Classic Seuss made a wonderful gift for the graduate - even the very intellectuals - it brought back a memory of their childhood while delivering a serious message.
0143038419|1.0|I am an avid reader so I joined a book club. This book was on the list so, I bought it. I have had a hard time getting into it even though, I too, after my divorce went with a friend to Italy. It is probably just not my type of book, very slow, really boring.
0786948523|4.0|Let me begin by saying that I have not yet played 4E, but I greatly look forward to it. I have thoroughly scaled through all the books and, overall, have liked what I see. I have been playing D&D for about 3 and a half years. I began playing AD&D, which I loved, to playing 3.5 on occasion, which I liked.     The new rules may seem guided towards a boardgame setting, but I think the real issue here is creativity. Imagination people. These books are, and always have been, meant as GUIDES. They offer you stats and rules that help the DM create and manage campaign. The thing about a guide is that it's there to aid a game, not run it. That's up to the DM.    Yes, angels don't have alignments. So says the book. Everything that is needed is there. Stats, special abilities, etc. A good DM recognizes this and says \\"angels are good.\\" period. Just because the book doesn't state this doesn't mean the DM can't simply override it. Yes, there are some aspects missing such as the good dragons. They may not be needed as foes, but a it's always fun to grant a high level party the use of a dragon, in which case stats are needed. I feel that this, along with the highly recommended use of miniatures, is WotC's way of marketing other products, such as future books and miniatures. Unfortunately, there is nothiing to be done about this.    As far as the lack of roleplaying, again that's up to the DM. Nothing in these books takes away from the roleplaying aspect. Just because there isn't a detailed instruction set on how to run a non-combat encounter, such as the dragon tea party, doesn't mean that it can't be done. Perhaps the 4E books should be referred to as the \\"combat\\" aspect of the game. Any DM with some imagination and creativity can come up with the rest.      The monster manual looks to do exactly what it is supposed to: Offer stats, special abilities, and a brief description of monsters. Everything else is up to the DM.
B000WGWQG8|4.0|This is a very well done adaptation of McCullough's opus on John Adams.  Adams often gets lost between the great american icons Washington and Jefferson, but he has been fortunite in his admirors of late.  I thoroughly enjoyed this Miniseries, Giamatti is excellent as Adams and Linney is his equal as Abigail.  Adams was just as important as Jefferson in his own way, he just had the unfortunite luck of following the greatest American ever in Washington and being hounded by the skillful pragmatist Jefferson.  This miniseries explores Adams in full right up until his July 4th demise.  The realistic sets add much to this series, especially the White House in the middle of nowhere, you really get a feel for what the Adams must have felt in this isolated setting, cut off from the real power in Philadelphia.  Adams should be reveared as a great statesman, one who put the country above his own popularity, a man who defined the word Patriot, I for one am grateful for the this series and the book for which it was derived.
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|Reminiscent of earlier their albums, including Murmur, Green, with a dash of New Adventures thrown in.  A very raw, unrehearsed sound, the loyal R.E.M. fan will appreciate the fact that they can still drop an album.
B000U1ZV8K|5.0|lethal weapon 4 film pack,this was shipped promptly and was recieved 3 days after shipping date. recieved in excellent condition Im very satisfied with this product
0385338082|5.0|I LOVED this book, cannot say enough about it. I read it in 2 days and want to re-read already! I will definitely read some of her others. It's funny and totally relatable, can't go wrong!
B0014127BO|1.0|Want to know why this is an import? Anytime an album isn't fit for release in a major market like the U.S., that's a bad sign. Bryan needs to go back to his days of the rock songs that put him on the map and grow some balls.
B000002OVJ|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of The Who but this record is undeniable. The band is on fire and at a creative peak. I actually like the single disc version more than the double (I'm not a fan of the Tommy material, sorry). Everyone needs a copy of this.<br /><br />If you like high energy R&R like this and MC5, Stooges, Ramones, etc check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
B0017R1EDM|5.0|Yep it's daybreak and the Garboids want to have Kevin Bacon for breakfast. Then suck down some sheep like you would suck an egg. These creatures will worm their way into your hart and wrap their way around your axle.<br />This is a fun movie with all the standard horror elements including lots of &#34;don't move&#34;, and one element that was not expected &#34;Reba McEntire&#34; with a huge gun. This movie is worth re-watching.
B000001FMX|4.0|I hardly listen to this album anymore because I've kind of worn it out, but it's an alltime classic. If you don't have it already, get it pronto!<br /><br />Check out Mighty High...In Drug City
0452289963|1.0|Becoming more enlightened is what is suppose to happen after reading A New Earth. And I hope it reaches the author's goal.  Enlightenment is beautiful. Well, after reviewing the book, I realized that I am already enlightened. My enlightenment came through my relationship with God. Born-again Christians are already where Tolle says his book will take you. It wasn't my best read. I will pass on to another book lover I'm sure I'll meet along the way. For the Christian, the new earth will be the long awaited Kingdom of God, which Jesus spoke of during his earthly ministry.
B000N3SRRC|4.0|Love all the Howlin Wolf lyric references and Robin Trower guitar leads.<br /><br />Check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
B000OV170W|5.0|This is an amazing book; beautifully written and an easy read.  Jody Picoult captures her characters in a way that you can feel every emotion.  Although Anna is torn between helping her sister and her own emotional conflict, I can feel her pain. The choice that her parents have made is very agonizing. The ending is a shocker and brings you to tears.  I must read Ms. Picoult's other books and am looking forward to seeing \\"The Tenth Circle\\" on the Lifetime Network.
B0009SOFFY|5.0|We all know this is one of the greatest records of all times. If you're not a psycho fanatic (like me) and didn't get the huge Complete Funhouse sessions box this has most of the unreleased highlights. If you're new to the band, get this version. The remastered sound is much improved.<br /><br />And don't forget to check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
B0000028UK|5.0|If you liked Ten but thought it could be a bit heavier you'll love this. This is the strongest album by them, the only this closer is the latest self titled album. It starts strong with 'go' and even in the middle of the album when they start to experiment with 'w.m.a' you're still totally sucked in. A lot of rock albums tend to have song after song that sounds the same but each song here has it's own feel, no two are similar at all. This album also has perhaps their best song ever 'rearviewmirror', raw emotion and loud guitars dominate this album and anyone who wants to know what the 90's grunge was all about has to check out this.
B000002N2N|5.0|Hard to say, the first 4 are so great and there are other great ones, too. Either way, this is an absolutely essential purchase. It's often overlooked on the list of classic live albums (Kick Out The Jams, No Sleep Til Hammersmith, Grand Funk's Live Album). The energy is over the top. If you never saw the Ramones they really were this tight, played the songs this fast (and faster later on to fit more in the set) and played this many in a row without stopping. Incredible!<br /><br />Check out Mighty High...in Drug City.
B0011ZVTEO|5.0|I am a fan of many types of music including jazz, rock, dance, blues, bluegrass, classical, world, etc.  This is easily one of the top 5 albums ever created, regardless of genre.  It is a magical culmination of music, musicians, and timing.  If you listen to this (no really, close your eyes and really listen) and are not moved by it, you had better check to see that you still have a heartbeat!
B000002AP1|4.0|The songs are still great and Iggy's remix can't kill it. You can probably find used copies of the old CD with the original mix for cheap. Get both.<br /><br />Then get Mighty High...In Drug City.
B000005IS1|5.0|If not, quit wasting time and get it NOW.<br /><br />If you already have it, check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I got this album a couple of days ago and it has got be hooked on since then. It is another great album by one of the most talented bands of our time. The album has a nice range of songs and is a great addition to your coldplay collection. For someone new to coldplay, this is a great start.
B0009SOFGI|3.0|Not as monumental as Funhouse or Raw Power but still great. All guitarists need to study Ron's playing on this - simple but not simplistic, great tone and completely unique. Many have tried to imitate his style but nooone comes close. And Scotty, Iggy and Dave aren't too bad either!<br /><br />Check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
0143038419|4.0|This is a book about ecstatic experiences -- eating, feeling infused by God, and falling in love. What's not to like about it?<br /><br />Gilbert does get a bit sentimental at points, and her multiple, vague uses of the \\"God\\" notion do annoy a tiny bit -- and she also uses \\"so\\" in place of \\"very,\\" as in \\"I loved it SO much,\\" which hit my buttons as an English teacher -- but boy, are these small complaints about a book so full of heart that it makes you feel like you're with a friend the whole time you're reading it.<br /><br />I know everyone on Earth has probably read this book already, but if you haven't, give yourself a treat and pick up a copy. I just loved it.
B0015YIGJC|4.0|Mana, has been around long enough to put out a good show for the fans, it may not be the greeatest live cd that we wanted, but is good enough
B0016HMYEQ|1.0|couldnt watch the whole thing.. hud was running around with a camera the whole movie and it was making sick!
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I have just finished listening to the entire recording without a break. I used to love doing that when I was younger and I was very much looking forward to this time as well. Let's not minch words, I am a HUGE Priest fan. I always have been and up until \\"Angel of Retribution\\" I can think of only a small handful of songs that I haven't liked in their entire catalog. I purchased Rocka Rolla when it came out and have purchased every recording since.     When \\"Angel\\" came out, it was the most disappointed I had ever been in a Priest recording. That was not a familiar thing for me. The first half of the album had some gems..but for the most part I didn't enjoy the album. The second half in particuliar was hard to listen to as the songs lacked fire, focus, melody and any classic Priest dual guitar fireworks. \\"Lochness\\" was the beginning of what was to come and it has carried over to the new recording.     So....\\"Nostradamus\\"..it is a cool subject for certain. And I agree with others that to be successful, it doesn't need to have any \\"hits\\". But it does need to have some real strong song writting and it just isn't here. The songs all sound the same..no great variance in tempo, style and any two people could have been playing guitar..it was that ..ordinary.  The pattern started ..soft intro, heavy song.. fine..but mix it up even a little.      I for one feel that the song writting is the biggest disappointment here. Neither \\"Angel\\" nor \\"Nostradamus\\" are anywhere near as good as either of Halford's solo recordings \\"Resurrection\\" and \\"Crucible\\". They just don't have very good material here and no matter what you do with it..it is going to sound the same and ..frankly boring. I would have never been able to say THAT word with ANY of the previous recordings of Priest, Fight or Halford. Even the recordings with Ripper had much better material and were very enjoyable recordings.     Some will say..\\"You don't understand Progressive Metal..\\" this isn't \\"You've Got Another Thing Comin'\\" and you are right it isn't. But I really don't care what you want to call it. If a piece of music lacks a solid melody, chord progression, catchy riffs, and catchy lyrics, it doesn't matter what you call it. It is hard to listen to and is easily forgotten after you are done listening to it.     I love concept albums, but if you are going to release one, you had better make certain the material is extra strong as you have to carry a theme through the entire recording. King Diamond's \\"Abigial\\", Queensryche's \\"Operation Mindcrime\\", Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\" all had incredible material. Look what happened to   Mindcrime II\\", no Chris DeGarmo..(a main songwriter) and the material just isn't as good.      The band plays great, Rob is amazing..but none of that matters when there is nothing to latch onto...no melody to hook you (and do NOT confuse that with a hit, or pop..even songs like \\"Call for the Priest\\", \\"Burning Up\\", \\"Saints in Hell\\" and soo on, were never hits..but they still had melody and structure and amazing character.)no great riffs, Scott Travis is lost in the mix and not given a lot to work with.     I will listen to it again..(not all at once..that ship has sailed)and if I was too harsh or rash and rushed to judgement, I will be the first to edit this and applogize. But I feel pretty confident that won't happen.     I think I will go buy the \\"Fight\\" remasters and listen to some really great metal!    Peace!    pjones
B00003CXD5|4.0|I love the movie itself. The dialogue is humorous and carries a great deal of wisdom but the real treat is in seeing Bogart's performance as he gradually slips into madness, corruption and paranoia.    The reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I had to buy this twice. On the second disc, there had been a part in the documentary about Walter Huston that the DVD froze on and didn't play any further. I didn't have this problem when I ordered another copy, though. If this type of problem is extremely uncommon for this particular DVD release, then I classify this as a \\"must-see\\".
B0018AK9RK|5.0|The Metal gods have returned and delivered!  Granted the stick-up-the-b*tt \\"metal elitists\\" (The kind who think Deep Purple and Black Sabbath aren't metal) will call this non-metal because you can't thrash around to every song, Rob is actually singing, and you can actually hear what he's saying instead of Arght blghth blpthtth blith tlrth blrth blyth tlapth.  Bang your heads, with true metal heads, and give these elitist noobs the middle finger they deserve!
B0017V7GLC|5.0|Ladytron manages to grow and expand their sound with each new release.  Stand-out tracks include \\"Ghosts\\", \\"I'm Not Scared\\", and \\"Runaway\\", though I find the entire album a delight and I enjoy it more with each listen.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|The Metal gods have returned and delivered!  Granted the stick-up-the-b*tt \\"metal elitists\\" (The kind who think Deep Purple and Black Sabbath aren't metal) will call this non-metal because you can't thrash around to every song, Rob is actually singing, and you can actually hear what he's saying instead of Arght blghth blpthtth blith tlrth blrth blyth tlapth.  Bang your heads, with true metal heads, and give these elitist noobs the middle finger they deserve!
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I was really looking forward to the release of Nostradamus. I was one of the ones who also went against the conventional wisdom that this was a bad idea for Priest. I was sure the metal masters would prove everyone wrong and release a concept album that would stand the test of time and be referred to as a classic for decades to come. After one listen, I was shocked and bewildered.  I thought to myself, \\"What the hell is this?\\"  I attempted to rationalize my initial reaction and convinced myself this was one of those albums that needed several listens to understand and \\"get\\". I was sure it would grow on me and I would end up enjoying Nostradamus, confident I would be singing its praises in the near future. Unfortunately the more I listen to it, the worse it sounds. After my initial reaction, subsequent spins had me noticing the sub-par production, the less than inspired lyrics, and the tinny guitar tone. I'm still not sure what Priest was trying to accomplish musically with this release. The album is so disjointed and uneven, I'm having a hard time finding anything positive to say about it. As a long time Priest fan I find myself actually feeling bad for them. Other long time Priest fans who are disparaging anyone who dare criticize their beloved Priest are in serious denial. If you're using words like \\"progressive\\" and \\"mature\\" to describe a Priest album, you need to step back and be honest with yourself. You may like Nostradamus because it's \\"Priest\\", but compared to the myriad of previous releases, this one is a steaming pile.    With a heavy heart I must now relegate Priest to the list of once great metal/hard rock bands, i.e. Metallica, Dokken, Queensryche, Def Leppard, et al., whose best songwriting days are behind them. My hope is that Rob will continue releasing material under the HALFORD moniker so I can get some real Priest style metal in the near future.
B000I2IT44|5.0|This is the quintesential collection of all the PT output to date. For me , this stands as the pinnicle of their career and shouldn't be missed. Even if you have most of their albums,get this disc! This disc is a must have for anyone remotely interested in great thinking man's music.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Holy Smokes, I had no idea that other people felt the same. I loved this show when it was on and recorded all but one episode on VHS. Sadly I've watched them so much that they are no longer viewable. I want my DVD MTV.   Is anyone listening out there? Please put this show on DVD. PLEASE! Please note that I am willing to pay lots of money for this program. Long live Daria Morgendorffer.
158270208X|4.0|I really like this idea once you read the secret and follow up with gratitude makes a huge difference The Sercret Is life Changing....
B000RP4LEO|3.0|She has a unique take on the concerto which I loved.  The rest is just okay, however.
B001AU8ZLK|3.0|Look, to those of you who think this a \\"Masterpiece,\\" think a bit more.     Chris Martin and his mates may be due a Masterpiece, and no one would be happier than me if that happened, but this isnt't it.    The strongest song on this album is one of the last songs \\"Violet Hill,\\" and that leaves us wanting more, strangely.     Too much Brian Eno, and not enough of the 4 lads who have made Colplay great.     One man's view. More of Chris's great songwriting, less of Brian's \\"polish.\\"
B00005JKJA|5.0|It is startling that after 7 years no one really figured out what this movie is all about. If for any reason you have not watched this movie then please watch it first and then read my explanation. Spoilers coming:    Movie is about last days of Marilyn Monroe and her tragic death in 1962. Lynch originally intended to start with her death and go back in the past to explain it similar to Twin Peaks series. Someone powerful (like that midget) didn't like it and series was canceled.    Who is who in this movie?    1. Betty, Diane and Rita are all Marilyn. Betty represents Marilyn in movies (angelic naive look), Diane is real life (paranoid and obsessed) Marilyn, Rita is glamorous movie star Marilyn.    2. Movie \\"Sylvia North Story\\" is actually never finished movie \\"Something's Got to Give\\".     3. Cowboy is Dean Martin. He had exclusive right of leading lady approval. When Marilyn was fired he said: \\"No Marilyn, no picture.\\" Remember words from the movie: \\"This is the girl.\\" Dean Martin was also associated with mafia.    4. Betty is from Deep Rivers, Ontario. Marilyn's first big budget movie that made her a worldwide star was \\"Niagara\\" in 1953. Plot of the movie involves Marilyn planning a murder.     5. For role of Rita, Lynch chose Laura Elena Harring, the first Latina to be crowned Miss USA in 1985. Is it coincidence why she takes name Rita? No, because Monroe family was believed to have been Anglo-Spanish in origin. Rita Hayworth was actually Margarita Carmen Cansino, daughter of Spanish flamenco dancer Eduardo Cansino and English/Irish-American Ziegfeld girl Volga Hayworth.    6. When Betty and Rita enter Diane's apartment, Diane is found dead lying on her side just as Marilyn was found in 1962.    7. At the beginning of the movie you can hear someone snorting drugs and then falling to the pillow. Marilyn was declared dead by acute barbiturate poisoning.    8. In the weeks before her death, Marilyn called DOJ where Bobby Kennedy worked eight times. All phone callsfrom the night that she died are missing. This explains sinister phone calls throughout the movie.    9. Crash scene on Mulholland Drive is very important. It represents collision of glamorous movie star Marilyn full of money and fame with sweet 16 Norma Jeane represented as cheering young girl in the other car. The result is total amnesia. After the crash she takes name Rita (her true Anglo-Spanish origin and real life role model) and remembers the name of Diane Selwyn (real life paranoid and obsessed Marilyn). She also chose blonde wig (Marilyn was not real blonde, she dyed her hair). Glamour movie star Marilyn is lost after the crash.    10. And finally the blue box explained. It relates to famous Blue Book modeling agency. This is where all started. One of Fox's talent scouts noticed her in 1946 and offered a 6-month contract. After Rita opens the box she disappears and Diane wakes up. After remembering how everything started, movie star Marilyn is gone and all that is left is real Marilyn.  Key to the box in the dream sequence is triangular in shape indicating 3 different personalities of Marilyn.    I have watched UK import HD-DVD version with superb DTS-HD MA sound. Chapters are available but not in the menu. Highly recommended movie for all those interested in mysteries and suspense.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|It is my sad duty to inform the members of Judas Priest that they are not The Who. The idea for \\"Nostradamus\\" may have been well intended, but the \\"rock opera\\" style is best left to those who are versatile enough to pull it off. Rob Halford, you are one of the great vocalists in the history of rock music. But you are not Pete Townsend.  I understand the need for Judas Priest to stretch their (Sad) wings after all these years. But they need to understand that their core audience is heavy metal fans. That fan base comes looking for Halford's remarkable screeches and blazing twin guitar leads of Glenn Tipton and K.K. Downing. They will find none of that on \\"Nostradamus.\\"  Judas Priest has recorded their fair share of cheesy songs in the past. But for every \\"Loch Ness,\\" there has a classics such as \\"Sinner\\" and \\"Beyond the Realms of Death.\\"   \\"Nostradamus\\" contains enough curd to feed every metal maniac that will attend their upcoming world tour. As the late Clara Peller once said, \\"Where's The Beef?\\" The new Priest is a tasteless soy burger.  But let us not be too critical of Judas Priest. Perhaps this is a bad idea they needed to get out of their system, like Neil Young and \\"Greendale.\\"  Besides, the best thing about any Judas Priest album is that it heralds a Judas Priest tour. If the Priest can avoid getting too bogged down by \\"Nostradamus,\\" their live set should remain a killer.  Otherwise, it may be time to call in a real priest. For their dying career.
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|I don't know if thats a good or a bad thing for you, but I liked the movie. I suppose it depends on personal taste more than anything else though. I do tend to like giant monster movies, so I finally wound up breaking down and buying this movie after I saw it listed under my recommendations here on Amazon.com. I was not disappointed.<br /><br />So what is it? Thats the million dollar question, isn't it? The movie starts out as a group of friends throw a party for Rob, who is going away to Japan (nice nod to the country that gave us Godzilla, Gamera and Ultraman, amongst others). About twenty minutes into the film, some THING happens and from that point on it becomes about trying to escape New York city while a giant monster runs amok. Hudd, one of the main characters, decides to document the whole thing on the camcorder, which winds up getting spliced in with the existing material on the tape. The end result is pretty interesting... sort of the natural progression from the 'Blair Witch Project,' except with a little (or maybe alot) more meat on it's bones. The ending was great too... I'm not going to spoil it anymore than that, but I liked it.<br /><br />The story is very well done, I thought, focusing as much on the fact that theres a huge prehistoric monster rampaging through the streets of New York as it does on the characters, their relationships and their attempts to flee the city to safety. Despite what some people have said, we do get more than a few glimpses of the monster - in fact, it looks sort of like.. oh, I don't know, a multi-limbed reptilian-ape hybrid - but it is left mysterious. Nothing is really ever explained about the monster. Did it come up from the deep? Is it from outerspace? Was it a government experiment? Thats up to the viewers to decide. The makers of the film made a brilliant move in doing so, because keeping us in the dark makes the monster much more scary and unknown. And infinitely cooler in my opinion. However one clue MIGHT be seen off in the distance if you look very closely at the end.<br /><br />Now, as for the special features, they were okay but not great. The deleted scenes, outtakes and two alternate endings were interesting, though they didn't add much. And I prefer the ending they went with over either of the slight variations. The other special features, like the making of and especially the little featurette about the monster... those were much better. It was especially neat to go back and watch the movie after learning some of the details about the monster, because it made the beast's actions that much more interesting. And, it also made you feel more sympathetic for the creature too. But I won't say much beyond that.<br /><br />Over all, it was a great movie. The pacing of the action was very good, the monster was awesome (which you need for a movie like this), and the storyline, while similar to other giant monster flicks, was given a unique new spin. Quite innovative. The character of Hudd made an enjoyable, even sympathetic, narrator, and the woman playing Marlena (his crush) did a fun job in her role too. And it really winds up feeling like its an amateur blogger doing a home movie documenting some huge world-changing event. So kudos to the makers of Cloverfield. It REALLY is a cool new twist on giant monster movies, and worth seeing a couple times to take in everything. I liked it and strongly recommend it.nce if you look very closely at the end.    Now, as for the special features, they were okay but not great. The deleted scenes, outtakes and two alternate endings were interesting, though they didn't add much. And I prefer the ending they went with over either of the slight variations. The other special features, like the making of and especially the little featurette about the monster... those were much better. It was especially neat to go back and watch the movie after learning some of the details about the monster, because it made the beast's actions that much more interesting. And, it also made you feel more sympathetic for the creature too. But I won't say much beyond that.    Over all, it was a great movie. The pacing of the action was very good, the monster was awesome (which you need for a movie like this), and the storyline, while similar to other giant monster flicks, was given a unique new spin. Quite innovative. The character of Hudd made an enjoyable, even sympathetic, narrator, and the woman playing Marlena (his crush) did a fun job in her role too. And it really winds up feeling like its an amateur blogger doing a home movie documenting some huge world-changing event. So kudos to the makers of Cloverfield. It REALLY is a cool new twist on giant monster movies, and worth seeing a couple times to take in everything. I liked it and strongly recommend it.
B00154GEFU|4.0|I still think this lineup comprises such a depth of talent when considering music history.  A base of prog-fusion from howe (yes), wetton (uk/king krimson), & palmer (elp).  Downes (buggles) helps give more of a modern technical syncopation on keyboards.  When asia was released in 1982 only genesis & rush (up to that point) had really proven that prog rock can be hugely commercial yet still retain a profound level of sophisticated muscicianship.  They faded away as fast as they arrived in the midst of the dawning of the MTV era.  Wetton created great strain on the band with his control & alcoholism which resulted in the disbanding of the original lineup in 1983 after alpha.  Their other studio attempts were poor until now with phoenix.  I think this album represents what was great about the early stuff - it incorporates ideas from all 4 of these musical geniuses.  The 2007 comeback tour showed the guys in great form especially wetton with great vocal performances.  with the great nostalgia & response on the road I think it made sense to go into the studio.  the album is not the strongest or the most consistent but it has moments of brilliance.  my favorite track is wish I'd known all along.  This song has great harmonizing between wetton & howe & features great guitar work from howe.  Howe & downes were the leaders in musicianship  whereas wettons bass lines were predictably muted & unaggressive & palmer's drumming was uniteresting & unintricate.  It does retain ,though, the ingrediants of the original lineup - great keyboards, strong vocals, smart tempo changes, & awesome guitar work.  There are some instumental pieces here that are fairly interesting but they mostly evolve into a simplistic 4/4 rhythm pattern.  There are also some middle of the road adult-contemporary tracks that follow the verse-chorus-verse-chorus formula so attractive to radio.  All in all a relatively great studio effort made better by the history it has followed - 25 years in the making!!!
0440243661|5.0|Terrific book.  An actual \\"can't put down\\" type.  Great characters, action, narrative and ending.
0156421178|4.0|After re-reading Catalonia, some 20 years after my first encounter, I am disappointed. I do not think that this is Orwell's best work. It has many of his strengths, mainly the elegant, efficient and straightforward prose that he developed so impressively, but there are some flaws. Main flaw in my view is the fact that the main political theme has become dead and irrelevant. Stalin died some decades ago, the Soviet Empire collapsed, we don't need to dig in the little details of their abominable strategies any longer. Of course we can't blame Orwell for the fact that his concerns are not ours any more. But it shows that the book was not timeless in the sense of surviving its immediate subject, as his other non-fiction did.<br />Second main weakness of the book: the narration of the Barcelona street fighting and the attempts at understanding them are rather boring.<br />On the strong side: the tales from the Aragon front are much more interesting. Orwell saw less fighting than he was keen to experience, but he describes the trench routine with the same liveliness that he brought to Wigan coalmines and Paris restaurants previously.<br />He did see enough fighting to get dangerously injured. People said to him that few men survive a shot through the neck, so he was lucky. He thinks he would have been luckier if he had not been shot at all.<br />Orwell published the book a few months after his adventure, and before the Spanish Civil War was over. Surprisingly the book was a commercial failure then, and equally surprisingly it has later been named as one of the best non-fiction books of the century.<br />Why was it ignored in the early time? Possibly because he told the world things that the world didn't want to know. He busted the myth that there was a confrontation of the good and the bad in Spain, that democracy fought fashism. Orwell shows us that there were at least 3 camps, not 2. The most vicious fighting that he experienced was among the 'good guys'. The government side was influenced strongly by the communist party who had secured the support from Russia. Since no other country provided weapons to the government side, that secured a lot of mileage.<br />Orwell was a hopeless romantic, who loved the feeling of working class rule that he got when he first arrived in Barcelona. That must be the reason for the otherwise incomprehensible book title. That basically socialist attitude must also have put quite a few potential readers off at the time of publication.<br />Orwell later saw the few months in Spain as his political training period. It put him off communism and Stalin for good, but confirmed his socialist attitude, which however never found a political home in a party, though he did support Labor in his remaining years, from the outside.strongly by the communist party who had secured the support from Russia. Since no other country provided weapons to the government side, that secured a lot of mileage.  Orwell was a hopeless romantic, who loved the feeling of working class rule that he got when he first arrived in Barcelona. That must be the reason for the otherwise incomprehensible book title. That basically socialist attitude must also have put quite a few potential readers off at the time of publication.  Orwell later saw the few months in Spain as his political training period. It put him off communism and Stalin for good, but confirmed his socialist attitude, which however never found a political home in a party, though he did support Labor in his remaining years, from the outside.
0786948523|1.0|First of all, I have very little to add based on all the other responses. If you want to know how this version of D&D is bad, they'll tell you. What we need to look at now are the implications of this new era of gaming. This edition does not allow for the flexibility necessary to tell fun, unique stories. Not really. Not if you think about the limits imposed by the system and the archetypal themes the designers have abandoned in favor of playability or, rather, simplicity. The kind of role-playing I like to do focuses on the story, and I have always had an ear toward writing when I'm gaming. It's not like that for everyone, and some people may like the \\"game\\" elements of this edition. I don't like what I've seen and read because I don't feel like I can tell a good story with this rules set. This edition is more about powers and miniatures and those other elements of D&D. It's less about a generic fantasy system where everything is possible and more about combat and what story the designers have set forth. Role-playing should be less about what tropes the system demands and more about your own imagination. Just look through the books and see how the designers are telling you how to play. What races do what. What classes work this way. What powers this type of character should have. How you should interact with the rest of the party. The list goes on.
0307386171|2.0|Did I really have to get in the bedroom with these pathetic souls?  McEwan is a brilliant writer and I have enjoyed reading his other books.  But this one bored me...with no empathy for the characters and their outcome.  A Booker Prize...NO!
B0013D8LOK|1.0|Dearest-On-Earth and I were all pavloved for \\"Sweeney,\\" after \\"Fear And Loathing,\\" \\"Blow,\\" and/or all the \\"Pirates.\\"  But after viewing \\"Sweeney\\" - in abject horror and shock - we both agreed that A) In \\"Smokey And The Bandit,\\" when Sally Fields inquired of Burt Reynolds, \\"do you like Stephen Sondheim?,\\" his reply - NO! - was entirely and altogether appropriate; and B) I guess \\"we SHOULD have known better,\\" because English movies have a justifiable reputation for being stultifyingly BORING.  Unnecessarily explicit, too - I mean, snuff films aren't really enjoyable.
B00005A0N5|5.0|When I got this for X-Mas, I knew it was going to be good.  After listening, while reading the lyrics, I was blown away.  I don't have a favorite Nightwish album, because they're all practically perfect, but this was a big jump from \\"Angels Fall First.\\"    This album, definitely Tarja's, really explored her range and potential as the singer.  Some of the songs ( Devil and the Deep Dark Ocean, Pharaoh Sails to Orion) seemed to tie together to me, but its just a thought.  This is a great start for new fans, but this must be in your library if you like Epica, Within Temptation and Kamelot.  This is an oceanborn masterpiece!
0974872407|5.0|This book beginning/ending is a masterpiece in its own right, and every page in between is a celebration of great storytelling. One of the best books I've ever read.
B000URDEB0|5.0|When I knew Nightwish was having a new singer, I was as nervous as everyone else was.  But after listening to Amaranth on Nuclear Blast, all my fears went away.  Her voice suites the new twists this album has, and I think, this is their best to date.  The lyrics are deeper, the themes more mature and lyrical, and of course, Anette's beautiful voice brings it to life.    All the songs are amazing in their own way, so I don't have specific favorites, which was a surprise when I bought it.  I saw them in Vegas back in May, and they were unbelieveable!  Yes, I am sad Tarja left, but Anette deserves a chance if you still love Nightwish.  Sure its different, but you shouldn't judge a voice by the first time its heard.  This is for anyone who used to love, and who's getting into Nightwish.  This begins a new era for the band, and I'm so excited of what's to come!
1933492279|3.0|what to say what to say... this book is very high quality book, glossy full color pages, thick ones to boot! my only qualms in this book is that when i bought it based on reviews i read i thought it was a concept book but instead it looks like a finished product (if they were to exist). i notice they take one idea and milk the ish out of it for many pages at a time, the few concept pages i saw were fantastic. its a great book if you are looking for a book with many repeating images from different angles on some pretty interesting designs in full CG then this is for you. if you want something with a little more concept in mind more rough around the edges and more diversity, then maybe you need to find a different book. or call me maybe ill sell it to ya! ;)    -gianni
B0002ZYE1Y|5.0|\\"Nemo\\" was the first song I heard from Nighwish back in '04.  My friend was e-mailing me, and sent me the song.  Since then, I bought the album two years later, and still treaure it today.  I really don't have favorites, but I agree that this was their breakthrough to American soil.  Here are some immortal songs:    Dark Chest of Wonders (Anette's version is amazing!)  Nemo (my conversion song...)  Planet Hell (epic and soundtrack worthy!)  Creek Mary's Blood (very diverse, but touching and stunning!)  The Siren (loved this in Vegas!)  Ghost Love Score (Toumas should compose with a song like this!)    This is the album to convert your friends with, since its more soundtrack like and gripping.  I'm glad their touring America a lot more, we need a break from the disasters like Miley Cyrus, Madonna, Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears.  This one needs to be checked out, and one you won't forget! NW forever!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|If you are looking for a traditional Preist Metal Album, This is not it.  With that said, this is an absolute awesome Album! If you take Opera, Broadway shows, and a Rock show and mixed them all together you would have This CD. It is a project that I feel only Preist could has pulled off. It shows how much talent is in this band. Rob's vocals and Downing & Tipton's awesome talent is truly reveiled. This is not just a Heavy Metal Band, They are true Artist with Talent! I truly am so glad I purchased this CD and will treasure it forever!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|If you are a fan of the series or enjoyed the movie \\"Serenity\\" then this is a \\"must have\\" and the current price can't be beat. My only complaint is that they discontinued the series.
B000O1799U|1.0|One of the more difficult to get through movies you'll experience in a long time.  Do not be fooled by the \\"Best Picture\\" award.  Most musicals feel a need to advance some hint of a plot either with - or between - the songs.  Not this film.  It simply enjoys its own awful songs too much to let the audience in on any sense of what is going on.      And did they give Jennifer Hudson the Best Stereotype Award?  In a one-dimensional role requiring exactly no range from an actress, she hit all the right notes.  They give ACTING awards for being yourself in front of a camera now?    Might be the worst \\"Best Picture\\" ever.
1591841984|3.0|If you can stand repetition after repetition of the same sentences and concepts, then you may be able to get some interesting information out of this book. The author goes on and on with the same quotes of Steve Jobs, the same examples. I get the impression Leander Kahney is assuming his readers are a bit dummies or affected by ADD and they need to be reminded every few pages what the book is about.<br /><br />Apart from the poor style, the book includes some useful information and draws a good picture of the complex personality of Steve Jobs.
B000IFQLSW|4.0|I listened to the CD portion of this set first, in the car, and really enjoyed it.  Then, as I later had time to watch the DVD, knew that I'd enjoy the CD even more when I could visualize the musicians making it.  Kenny Wayne and the video guys obviously had a good time doing it, and their respect for the blues musicians (very few of which I had previously heard of) is obvious.  Then, to hear these men (and one woman) talking about making music for 30, 40, 60 years - however long - is fascinating.  It kinda makes you catch your breath and say, 'Wow!'  The jams you get to see and hear are what getting blues musicians together is all about.  Awesome CD / DVD set.
B000K15VSA|5.0|Finally, they release the original version!!! The set is great, the story boards are really cool. I bought this for a friend for father's day, Blade Runner is his all time favorite movie, we saw it when it first came out back in high school. I recommend this collection to anyone who appreciates original works.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|WEll, i knew nothing could compare to X&Y but this is pretty close.. I love 42, thats my favorite song. Im actually going to BUY the album.
B001AACEP8|5.0|This cd is going to be one of my most listened to cd's this summer. I love it. It is so much fun and you can really tell she loves doing what she is doing. She sounds great on all the tracks and I would definitely recommend this cd to anyone.    My Favorites :    1) One Of The Boys  3) Waking Up In Vegas  7) Hot N Cold  8) If You Can Afford Me  10) Self Inflicted  12) Fingerprints    All the tracks are awesome and this is not just the \\"I Kissed A Girl\\" girl. Buy this!!! :)
B00005JPFH|4.0|I'd say the Spiderman franchise is doing pretty well in movies. Unlike other comic characters where there's never a story to tell and a lot of action sequences have to fill time, Spiderman has a life. And boy does it get complicated. Spiderman 3 is deceptively simple on the surface, but themes do take root and also tie together the earlier movies. I'm not sure why some people feel this is all too complex though, your average 10-year-old will get it, and guess who comics are actually for? What makes it even better for us adults are the powerful themes underneath like vendetta, breaking the law for a higher purpose, forgiveness, even what it takes to get married. Despite Spiderman being a hero, his life and the life of the villains aren't alien to us. That's successful screenwriting in my humble opinion.    If there's one thing I didn't like about this film it's Peter Parker's dancing sequences. I wish I wasn't kidding, or that even that is was just a singular event. They're really a misplaced idea, a goof that absolutely should not have exceeded seconds of screen time but lasts minutes. They unfortunately really cheapen the movie by taking the viewer out of the experience. Others might take issue with the length of the movie, but I feel it uses every second (except the dancing) to effect, and didn't bother me.    Overall I do like this movie though, because it represents one of the purest, most important cultural ideas. That is one many comics share, of the hero, of being an upstanding human being. Today kids are exposed to anti-social stuff constantly... whether it's videogames that are about shooting everything in the face and jacking cars, or TV reality shows about lying and backstabbing and prostituting yourself, or thug music that celebrates materialism and egotism. I feel sad for kids, what are they going to be inspired by? They're in training to be mediocre people who get their rocks off on disgusting behaviors. I'm not some nut who thinks they'll go postal, I'm just sad there's so little \\"good\\" in the world of cinema and elsewhere anymore to lighten all our days.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I am a filmmaker and also do sound and got these about 3 years ago for dialog monitoring. NOT music. These ARE the primary use for these phones. And they are near perfect for that. I know of very very few people in the business who complain about the 7506s for this, their accuracy with the human voice for this price is astounding. And thus why they are the most popular and remain to be for ENG/film (on any budget).<br /><br />NOW - for MUSIC - shocking quality as well! I've never listened to a MDR V6 because I got the 7506s, I assume overall better. But these headphones for music listening I USE my 7506s almost exclusively (when I use headphones anyways =). The bass is not muddled, so many phones just miss out with the bass, these imo are near perfection for my ears. The mids and highs clear and open imo and good. And the low response heh phones twice the price of 7506s don't reach the level these do (and the reason is because these were made for studio monitoring/dialog levels...)<br /><br />The DURABILITY of the 7506's are legendary I must say and from experience. I've thought they've been broken so many times and they still live on. Bad long trip accidents when I didn't have a hard case from my sound equipment heh they roll around and even been squashed and come on perfect. A scare when they are folded like the ear piece got bent up, but they weren't! That's why they last, the parts and folds, they may seem flimsy but theirs a method to the \\"madness\\". They are light and quality parts.<br /><br />I've also not had issues with the top quality connector, and the padding? I wear them literally EVERY day for 3 years for both music enjoyment and film/ENG work, and the padding looks nearly new. Really still amazed because I take crud care of these =)<br /><br />COMFORT - well they are amazingly so. Now they can get sweaty and after hours use well ANY wrap around full ear phones will get bothersome and sweaty. Also adjust easily to fit nearly any head size (assuming youaren't a Ferengi or something =)<br /><br />CONCLUSION - Really I'd buy another of these in a heartbeat. The price/quality is unmatched imo (for what I do, again primary use isn't music although I use them a lot to listen to music) I am curious to compare myself with the V6s for that reason, but see no need. Also Senns HD models but I know what these phones were made for: it WASN'T music again - important to realize, but for studio/dialog monitoring. They get 5 stars beyond for that. And 4-4.5 for Music too, and thus a total of 5 stars hands down =)<br /><br />Amazed at the quality/level for music listening. You can get \\"betteR\\" sharper mids with some HD models etc. but - they sound fantastic adjust some EQ if want - really and I hardly do that. I rant still but I just love these suckers! One of the best investments I've ever made, and I actually HATE Sony otherwise =D
1591841992|4.0|Very succinct in making its (strong) points.  The pull-out chart near the end is great & so if the final \\"cheat sheet\\".  Strongly recommended!
B000YRY8BG|5.0|I loved it! Great actors, lot of suspense, well directed. Bill Nighy's performance alone is enough reason to see it! I agree with others that towards the end it looses a bit of grip, but to me it's still an excellent series and I enjoyed it immensely!
B000063UR1|5.0|if you love this movie then you will appreciate that is is now on DVD. sort of weird but then it always was.
0194001067|5.0|The Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary is an excellent tool for me as a non-native speaker of English to boost by command of the language.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|This CD is soooooo much better than anything Coldplay has released prior.  The musical arrangments are totally fresh, exciting and definitely interesting. This CD has ENERGY!  It is sort of like listening to \\"space rock\\" with the exciting multi-level musical layering and FX that is dazzling.  You can hear Brian Eno's mastery of musical magic fingerprints all over this CD.  Gone are the boring, and repetitive formulaic songs that plagued X&Y and prior Coldplay CDs. Now, there is powerful and intriguing song structure that takes Coldplay to a totally different level.     My favorites on this CD include: \\"Lost!\\"; \\"42\\"; \\"Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love\\"; \\"Yes\\"; \\"Violet Hill\\" the arrangement was just plain thrilling; and the serpentine and delicious \\"Death and all his friends\\".
B0000X61UU|5.0|I have been doing this workout for years and I'm in better shape than any of my friends that frequent the gym.  I have a few of my neighbors exercising with me and they all say that they are in the best shape of their lives, a personal trainer isn't as good as this video.  This is not for a person that has not exercised for a while, or a beginner.  You really have to work your way up to it, but it's worth the effort.  I wish Cindy would make another exercise video as good as this one!
B0006L16N8|3.0|6/21/08  Before you read this review check out Coldplay's latest CD \\"Viva la Vida\\". It is light years ahead of this CD \\"X&Y\\".      I guess I am so addicted to Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, and other great bands of the 70s-80s that Coldplay falls flat on it's face for me.  Or, my expectations of \\"almost uniformly\\" stellar British rock bands is unrealistic.    As most people do when listening to music, one finds that you do compare the new with the old.  And so, in fairness to the change in technology and my own personal taste, I compared this band to my current favorite in world rock music, the astonishing rock-your-rear-off Afro Celt Sound System Band whose singer Iarla O'Liondird's vocal range is so utterly astounding. (Even Josh Groban plays AFCSS at his live concerts).     After listening four times to this CD \\"X&Y\\", I still found Chris Martin's nasal, and at times, irritatingly whiney voice boring and monotonously repetitive. He is up and down his vocal range over and over on nearly every song.  About midway through the CD it felt like I was listening to the same song over and over with musical variations.  For me the song lyrics were mostly juvenile and often trite.  Especially on the song \\"X&Y\\".  HOWEVER, Their band members' musicality and instrument talent is undeniable. For this reason I can say I somewhat enjoyed the CD.  Overall, if I have to pick a listen to again, maybe, these songs merit a redux: \\"White Shadows\\"; \\"A Message\\"; \\"Low\\".
0515141429|4.0|This is the first in an established series that has a lot of first-timer mistakes.  Many of the decisions/actions that the female characters choose seem very much out of a typical female reaction.  Like, sure, I'm going to invite a homeless, recently released prisoner into my home/bed and leave him alone while I go to work.  Duh!  But the central figure--Jack Reacher--comes right out of that superb American tradition probably established by Dashiel Hamlett going through the Raymond Chandler-John D. MacDonald and now bringing us back around.  Many of the newer \\"adventure\\" style novels either tend toward silliness (Clive Cussler), a dementia to detail (Tom Clancy Inc.) or have blood thirsty female leads.  This novel leans more towards the old school notion of the Lone Wolf good guy making a difference on shady moral ground.  Horrific violence, but still a welcome addition to an outstanding group of American anti-hereos.
1400064287|1.0|The author does not practice what he preaches.  The important point is to  get to the \\"core\\" of your idea, simplify it enough so that the important message \\"sticks\\", and tell stories.    Here are his two best \\"sticking\\" examples, so you can save your money and time. When Bill Clinton ran for president he had several important points to make, James Carville helped reduce those points down to \\"It's the economy stupid\\" and it stuck.  The other good example was Regan's line that got him elected \\"Are you better off today than you were 4 years ago?\\".  These were \\"core\\" messages that worked.    The rest of the book did NOT stick. It was a mostly a slow, drawn out snooze-fest.  Get anything by Seth Godin instead if you want marketing inspiration.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I don't know about the rest of the planet but I prefer my music under-produced.  They are an increcible band but where did the emotion go?  This album has been replaced w/ Brian Eno (also a fan) but where is the originality on this album?  Coldplay touched my heart when I saw them in Atlanta on \\"The Rush of Blood to the Head\\" tour.    I'm just sick of the computer tricks w/ music.  I want to hear a good band and Coldplay fit the bill on the 1st couple of albums.    I'm disappointed but not saying its bad music;  I just wanted more from these guys!
0061537934|5.0|Peter Egan, of \\"Road & Track\\" magazine said to read it, I'm glad I did. The relation between racing in the rain and the living life is explored through the thoughts of \\"Enzo\\" the dog. Read it, you'll love \\"Enzo\\" and you'll love your own dog all the more for the experience. Peter Egan is right.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|I have never stopped being a fan of Donna Summer since the late 70's. She is back with a vengeance, the same great voice and up to date NEW songs! She produced a great collection to get herself back in the spotlight, which is where her beautiful and strong voice belongs! Never listened to Donna's music before?? Try this, you will be pleasantly surprised. She appeals to new and seasoned fans alike!
B00005RHGK|4.0|Someone reviewed this movie before and wrote what i'm about to say again:         \\"I suppose that a lot of people going to the movies today have grown up on such tripe as Scary Movie, the Friday the 13th series and other crappy horror films. I suppose these same people expect that every little detail of a film must be explained on an adolescent's level, so as not to confuse them while they watch the films with their eyes as their mouths cannot keep from running while in the theatre. It's a funny thing - sound when added to a film allowed for certain nuances of the theatre to be present, so that the visual didn't have to do all the work. So to those who would call this film bad, I say: turn off your cell phone, stop talking to your buddies, and pay attention to the movie.  Jeepers Creepers isn't the finest horror film ever made, but it certainly is one that can scare the bejesus out of you. Certainly there are very standard plot devices in action here - but isn't that part of the formula for a horror film? ...     Jeepers starts off using bits and pieces of known scare tactics and then milks them with a wink and a nudge. Should the lead characters go back and see whats up at that creepy looking house where the even creepier looking guy was ....? Of course not! The characters even acknowledge this fact. However, pulled by the same force that requires everyone passing an accident to rubberneck, they do. (And let's face it - if they didn't - the movie wouldn't have been made).  At once scary, silly, laughable, and immensely frustrating, Jeepers Creepers shows us a new (albeit traditional and truly old hat) villain: a monster! .  Just what this monster wants is never fully explained as the film truly frustrates us by setting itself up for an obvious sequel (which I truly hope gets made).  The film features fine actors performing honestly and well. Eileen Brennan appears in an extended cameo that is quite unforgettable. The script is good, the cinematography is quite welldone.  When you get up from a horror film, you are hopefully intelligent enough to know that the action on the screen is not possible in the real world. You have just been treated to little fright akin to a ride on a good roller coaster. If the movie made you jump, squirm, turn from the screen, or possibly yelp, then its done its job.  Jeepers Creepers does far more than that. This is a good film that delivers on the scares and leaves you wanting more.  Check it out!\\"      So that's it, hope this review have helped you choose this movie ....... trust me you won't regret it ^^
0307387178|3.0|I read this book to my husband and while we finished it in about 4 nights, I can't say that I loved it.  The author took too many opportunities to give mini biographies about other people, including himself, which I found irritating.  Also, the author seemed to scour his dictionary for obscure words that the average college graduate and avid reader would not recognize.  I ended up keeping a list of words I had never heard before and looked them up on [...].  And lastly, the kid was self absorbed and a real jerk to his family.  Interesting because it is a true story, but...
B0014XCMVM|3.0|Flavors of Entanglement surely beats \\"So Called Chaos\\" in catchiness and heartfelt tunes, but I don't think these songs can top her first three offerings. \\"Underneath\\" and \\"Tapes\\" are great ear candy, while the remainder of the other songs come across as heart-wrenching torch anthems, but the hooks aren't like they were in the past. I'm hoping this is a grower, and it very well might be.
0385340567|2.0|\\"Nothing to Lose\\" was the second Lee Child book I've read, and it ticked me off even more than the first one did!   Not only is Reacher (and obviously Child) a sympathizer with American traitors, he also categorically laments that \\"1945 was the last time the US was in a war that it should have been in\\".  Yah, when we were fighting to save Brits, and his home country.  Obviously you can't attack Britten with impunity, but it's OK to blow up America!  He also says \\"no American soldier thinks the Iraq war is worth it\\".  Bull.  I've rarely talked with an American soldier back from Iraq that thought like this, and I work with vets daily.    Lee Child writes a decent yarn, but he should keep his anti-American sentiments in the British tabloids, and sit his *** back over there when he does so!  This is the second, and last, Lee Child book I read.    RA
1878424505|5.0|For anyone who beats themselves up, for what others think or say about them, who question the past, present and future of their lives, this book is a way to keep it all sane. Seems it worked for Alex of the Yankees and it you want it will work for you too!
B00004TJKI|5.0|This Otto Preminger directed film is vintage Jimmy Stewart who plays a country lawyer recently voted out of the county prosecutors office he held for many years. Fishing seems to have replaced legal work and as the film opens his long time secretary (Arden) is asking for enough money to cover her pay check. He needs a case to bring in some fees. Laura Manion (Remick) shows up looking for a lawyer to defend her Army officer husband, Lt. Frederick Manion (Gazzara) who is accused of murdering a local bartender who apparently raped Mrs. Manion. Nothing seems to be like it appears. A lie detector test on Mrs. Manion says one thing and the forensic evidence taken after the alleged rape seems to say the opposite. They seem to be happily married but Mrs. Manion is often seen in public without her husband and in the company of other men. Lt. Manion seems a solid citizen soldier but is he always that way in private? Can Stewart defend him on the basis of temporary insanity? A great performance by Stewart as well as by everyone else with many surprise turns. As great as Stewart's performance is, the movie would not be what is without a terrific, albeit somewhat minor, performance by Joseph Welch as the retired judge who is filling in for the regular judge. With a dry sense of humor and perfect timing, he makes the courtroom scenes so outstanding. A genuine classic. [...]
1582701709|1.0|I am so tired of chiropractors claiming to be experts in curing cancer and heart disease, and now in this book being experts in psychiatry. When is some govt. agency going to get after them and force them to clean up their act. As for all of the \\"philosophers\\" who contributed to the Secret, I would be curious to know how many actually have degrees in philosophy, and who are either professors of philosophy or written books on philosophy. It is interesting that although the book states that the Law of Attraction was known and practiced by a lot of very famous people throughout history, it gives no references to any statements by such people supporting their knowledge and practice of such a law. It is one big lie. Unfortunately, it shows how gullible most people the majority of the people who read the book thought it great.
0440234743|3.0|Troy Phelan, worth $11 billion, loves his business and hates his ex-wives and children. Rumored to be suffering from terminal cancer, Phelan calls the family together to sign a new will. The heirs cooperate by providing psychiatrists to observe and verify that Phelan is in his right mind. That's the apparent game plan, but Phelan has a second and more shocking one. Thus opens The Testament.<br /><br />Probate law isn't very exciting, and John Grisham decides to dress it up with a cast of characters that are almost parodies of parodies, so much so that they didn't resonate with me. As a result, the \\"exciting\\" beginning bored me.<br /><br />The bulk of the story eventually shifts to recovering alcoholic and drug addict, attorney Nate O'Riley, who is sent straight from rehab to Brazil to find a missing heir, Rachel Lane, who is a medical missionary to the indigenous people there. His journey is harrowing and tests his limited strength to the limits. But the journey also is a beginning of his personal redemption through receiving Salvation for the Lord, Jesus Christ. As soon as the redemption part of the story begins, the book vastly improves. Without that element, I would have rated this as a one- or two-star effort.<br /><br />It's unusual for a secular writer to put a major Christian theme in a popular work of fiction. I applaud Mr. Grisham for doing so.<br /><br />May God bless you, Mr. Grisham!
B00008NG5V|5.0|Been a Jack Johnson fan for a few years now, his stuff is great.  Makes you want to kick back on the beach with a chair, an umbrella, and possibly an adult beverage and let the worries of the world slip away!
0385340567|3.0|Unless you feel like you have to read every Reacher novel in the series, you could skip this one.<br /><br />If you think America should withdraw immediately from Iraq, you'll like this anti-war book better than those who favor continuing to fight there. The primary subtext for this novel is that being in Iraq is bad for America, soldiers, and veterans of that conflict. If you believe that fundamental Christians are all scheming to create the Apocalypse, you'll also like this better than if you are a God-fearing, Bible-reading Christian.<br /><br />Beyond whether or not you agree with the subtexts, the book's primary weakness is that it moves too slowly. After Reacher is expelled from the town of Despair to the town of Hope, he seems to spend most of the book traveling back and forth. Ho hum. Lee Child would have done better to develop a plot that kept Reacher in hiding in Despair. The book could have been 170 pages shorter and a lot more fun to read.<br /><br />For those who want their villains to be veritable devils, this book will also disappoint. This villain is more annoying than threatening.<br /><br />As for the big ending and what's at risk, it didn't seem credible so I couldn't take it seriously.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I was expecting this record to be something along the lines of X&Y, except with some more of the experimental Coldplay everyone's been hearing about.  This album actually goes far beyond X&Y and broadens and redefines Coldplay's sound.  They sound much more confident and refined, and this shows through the execution and production of this album.      Viva La Vida sounds much different from X&Y, and in my opinion, much better.  Lots of songs have many atmospheric effects and lush sonic textures, which only adds to their already classic sound.  I especially like their use of piano throughout many of the tracks.  This album should be worth picking up for old Coldplay fans and new ones alike.
B000YAA68C|3.0|A nice film but has too many flaws for me to appreciate. Lisa Kudrow is disgusting EVEN if she is right about a lot of men it doesn't mean she had to lower herself to their standards! It isn't for the whole family because of the language and bedroom scenes.
0060090383|5.0|I love Marian Keyes. I first fell upon her during my search for British Chick Lit. I started off with Lucy Sullivan...and have since read just about all of her wonderful novels. Marian Keyes has a zest for emotional humor, sometimes sad, always bringing it all to life on the page.<br />With Rachel's Holiday Marian Keyes helps the reader find something in Rachel we can all relate to. Somehow, even with Rachel's odd and very serious situations I found myself loving her, cheering her on and laughing all the way.<br />A great read for anytime!
B00125WAWS|4.0|A wonderful movie for most of the family. There are few scenes that you won't want your younger children watching.There is a small amount of foul language and a bedroom scene.  There are a few inaccuracies but that is nothing new to hollywood. The acting is great!
B000OHZL1W|5.0|Fun movie to watch even after all these years.  Nice to have it in HD quality.
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|Well, at least the title is accurate! There is a bit of foul language and a bedroom scene so it isn't for the WHOLE family. It is interesting and the acting is decent but the story is soooo lacking. The ending is just plain with nothing to rave about. I guess I could describe this movie as a firecracker that is buzzing and buzzing but just comes to an abrupt stop!
B000OCXMAE|1.0|This album might be a good piece of work (IMO it is not). But the problem is that it bears the Linkin Park brand. This is simply not Linkin Park even though it was made by the same people. If this was the first album to be released, they would not achieve the fame and popularity they have today. Do not touch this album at all.
B0013527I4|5.0|[[ASIN:B0013527I4 The Muppet Show - The Complete Third Season]]<br />Those of us who grew up with the Muppet Show as children always looked forward to sitting down and eating dinner in front of the TV.  It was like live Theatre to us.<br />As adults, we can appreciate what our parents liked about the show.<br />The DVD is well cut, and the bonus features are worth the price, which is low!  Grab this one for sure!
0061020710|5.0|I'm just finishing Pratchett's entire series of Discworld novels, enjoying each as much as those that came before. \\"The Color of Magic\\" is where the story begins. Pratchett has a wonderful combination of wit, satisfying characters and plot-building skills that never fail to entrance.     These are not really fantasy, not really science fiction, but almost a genre unto themselves, combining shrewd political and social observations with unfailing entertainment value in a fascinating imaginative world.    Ideal reading on a long flight, or as a solace for the sleepless.
0375424474|4.0|My colleague Neil Shubin did a superb job at explaining sophisticated concepts in evolutionary biology while remaining accessible and even entertaining. I had the pleasure of seeing Neil give a talk where I work, at Stony Brook University, and he is as interesting in person as he comes across on the page. This book is a much better introduction to evolution (even though it is not written with that specific goal in mind) than most other stuff that is out there. Shubin weaves his own history as a biologist with the history of how we became we, and the result is a must read for anyone interested in how science works.
B000BYA4JM|4.0|Madonna is the reigning goddess of pop, but she's had considerable trouble in finding movies which emulate the same box-office success.  While it's now regarded as a classic 80's movie, WHO'S THAT GIRL (1987) was in fact not such a big hit when originally released; and most critics raked Madonna across the coals for her performance.  Growing up in the decade that style forgot - aka the Eighties - I have a soft spot for the films of the era, so WHO'S THAT GIRL is a valuable addition to the collection...and Madonna isn't half bad, y'know!<br /><br />Streetwise Nikki Finn (Madonna) has just been released following four years of jailtime after she took the fall for her boyfriend's murder.  Now she must find the evidence which will clear her name and bring the true killer to justice.  Nikki's unlikely cohort turns out to be Louden Trott (Griffin Dunne), a stuffy young businessman assigned to transport her from jail to the nearest bus-stop.  Chased by crooks and undercover cops, Nikki and Louden bounce from one hilarious misadventure to the next...but could love ever be on the cards?<br /><br />Madonna is a delightful presence and plays her role like a combination of Betty Boop and Judy Holliday.  Griffin Dunne is the perfect straight-man to Madonna's comic shenanigans.  The strong support cast also boasts John McMartin, Haviland Morris (\\"Sixteen Candles\\"), Sir John Mills and Bibi Besch.  Madonna provided several chart toppers for the soundtrack (\\"Who's That Girl\\", \\"Causing a Commotion\\", \\"The Look of Love\\" and \\"Can't Stop\\").<br /><br />Sadly the only DVD extra is the original trailer.  A must-own for 80's movies fans!
0790749556|4.0|I read the reviews you have.  It seems no one picked up the Mae West bit that Ginger did with Randolph.  Not too campy but obviously having some fun.  There are a few other insider moments as when   Fred says he has to get out of the dressmaking business because his voice is going up an octave!!  There are others which I will let you have the fun of discovering on your own.  Irene Dunn is a class act and Smoke Gets in Your Eyes is tops.  I felt Randolph was a bit wooden, but nice to look at.  Ginger and Fred have a free energy that is wonderful.
0452289963|5.0|In this book the author shows how to attain true happiness.  He fully explains the ego and how to remove yourself from the pain-body it so wants for you.  True joy emanates from the formless diminsion that is within you.  Just knowing this consciousness is one with who you are brings love and peace to yourself. He helps us to align our purpose with the awakening of humanity.  The bringing of light into this world becomes your purpose in this life.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|...By other great music.<br /><br />David Gilmour should stop playing Floyd songs(I'll pause while all the Floyd fans' heads explode :) )<br /><br />and Barrett songs, too(smaller head count but perhaps more rabid :) )<br /><br />at the expense of his own...There, I said it.<br /><br />As another reviewer pointed out: where are the songs from his other albums? Some of my favorite songs are on those albums.<br /><br />I suppose one would have to be near Grinch-like to put on a tour and not play Floyd tunes when faced with a sea of wide-eyed Floyd fans.<br /><br />To bypass the whole Tour setlist catering process, he should just do a 'David Gilmour Live in his back yard' ala PF at Pompei.<br /><br />PS:This is a really good DVD :) all the MTV wannabe ADD video editors 3-cuts-a-second-should-come-with-motion-sickness-pills should take note
B0014YVC6W|5.0|i saw this movie when i as a little kid. the movie was one of my favorites. now that i have it on blue ray i can watch it over and over again.
0739366416|5.0|This is a very good and interesting book.  I suggest you republican lovers read it because it has a part where he said even President Bush gave him \\"Praise\\" on a job well done.......
B000LPQ6DE|3.0|I've read the book before watching the movie and was a little disappointed by the film to say the least.   The timeline in the movie tried to follow the book pretty precisly but I feel that some important parts of the story were left out. If you haven't read the book and like the genre in particular this movie is probably pretty interesting, although I was not extremely amazed by the acting talents either. If you read the book before hand you are most likely going to be as disappointed by this movie as I was.
1582701709|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read for increasing positivity.  The book was given to me as a gift from a good friend of mine, and after I read it I bought one for each of my daughters and recommended it to several friends and co workers.  My daughters liked to say that the book said the same thing over and over again in the beginning, but I told them to keep reading because they were just trying to drive home the point.  They have both read the book now and have become more positive in the things to say and do.  After reading the book I can look at and see the good thing in everything instead of looking for the bad or being negative.  My new attitude has even changed the way other people act around me in a good way.  I would recommend this book to anyone!
B000YABYLA|5.0|This movie deserves full marks for an original portrayal of an unplanned teenage pregnancy - a topic which does not especially interest the movie industry but which is a huge problem in the US. It also gives an honest insight into the abundant numbers of dysfunctional families who have no business adopting kids.     Juno MacGuff is a funny and complex character played very well by Ellen Page. This movie is funny at times - especially Juno's dad who is brilliantly portrayed by Simmons.    This is a thoughtful movie and should not disappoint those who like films with a social message.    In my opinion, this movie should be seen by every teenage kid.
0385340567|3.0|I think I gave this as many as three stars because I'm such a loyal Lee Child fan and always like to see what Reacher is up to. However, I do not recommend this for anybody new to Lee Child's books; it's the only one I haven't devoured with great gusto (all of them), and I was eagerly awaiting its U.S. publication. The story plods along for most of the book, with interminable, boring trips in and out of the town of Despair. The plot is thin, and the only real action happens in the last few pages. And, as someone else pointed out, he doesn't tie up all the loose ends. I have no problem with the so-called \\"liberal\\" stuff people have ranted about, but we didn't get to know the villain too well, and he seemed more cartoonish than evil. All in all, a big disappointment. But I won't give up on the Jack Reacher books, because they've all been winners until now. All that said, my husband thought this one was fine.
B000H7J9QM|1.0|I liked the movie.  However I felt duped as it is not in 1080P like it says.  It has black bars at the top and bottom of my screen its more like 1920 X 800 resolution.
B001BEK8E2|5.0|A man is dead, a woman was raped, and that's all that can be definitely said. Somebody has committed murder, but nobody knows whodunnit.<br /><br />And that's the basic plot of Akira Kurosawa's \\"Rashomon,\\" a hauntingly pessimistic look at how the \\"truth\\" can be warped and changed by different people's perspectives. It's a magnificently eerie piece of work, filled with suspense and some really astounding acting -- particularly from Toshiro Mifune as a laughing bandit.<br /><br />At the Rashomon Gate in eleventh-century Japan, a man (Kichijiro Ueda) takes shelter with a priest (Minoru Chiaki) and a woodcutter (Takashi Shimura) during a rainstorm.<br /><br />The woodcutter is depressed and the priest is horrified, over a recent crime: the vicious bandit Tajômaru (Toshirô Mifune) was arrested for murdering a man named Takehiro (Masayuki Mori) and raping his wife Masako (Machiko Kyô). But when taken before the police, Tajômaru claims that he had his fun with the woman and killed her husband honorably in a fight.<br /><br />But Masako begs to differ; she claims to be the victim first of the sadistic bandit, then of her cold-hearted husband, whom she says she stabbed. And when a medium calls up the spirit of Takehiro, he claims that Masako was unfaithful, asking the bandit to murder him, then spurned by Tajômaru. Her actions drove Takehiro to suicide. But the woodcutter himself claims to have seen the altercation -- and his version is wildly different from them all.<br /><br />During the filming of \\"Rashomon,\\" director Akira Kurosawa stated that the film is a reflection of life, which doesn't always have clear meanings. The same could be said of truth. Questions are raised by the events of \\"Rashomon,\\" but given no easy answers -- sometimes no answers at all (my biggest question was how Masako's gown stays so white if she's always weeping on the ground).<br /><br />Are Kurosawa's insights dark and depressing? In a fascinating, hypnotic way... yes. But while calmly pointing out the ability of human beings to lie even to themselves, he acknowledges that there's good in there too. The illusions and innocence of the young priest are stripped away, yet the knowledge of how despicable people can be is tempered with the knowledge that \\"real\\" truth isn't necessary to have goodness.<br /><br />And Kurosawa's directorial skill is no less striking -- light and shadow whirl and dance in a frankly beautiful woodland setting, serving as a pretty backdrop for some very ugly acts. Kurosawa was even brave enough to touch on the unique idea of having the deceased testify. The spinechilling seance scene, starring a downright spooky, stark-faced Fumiko Honma, is a haunting classic scene.<br /><br />And the masterful fight scenes deserve an extra shout-out -- they reflect the person telling the story. Tajomaru's are more stylized and choreographed, while the woodcutter just sees two freaked-out guys rolling and staggering with swords.<br /><br />Toshirô Mifune chews the scenery with gusto as the barbarian bandit, especially with that crazy hyena laugh. Machiko Kyô initially seems to be overacting, until you see how unhinged her character has become, and Masayuki Mori does a pretty solid job for a guy tied to a tree. Minoru Chiaki and Takashi Shimura add an extra dimension as the innocent young priest and the tormented woodcutter.<br /><br />Gloomy, thought-provoking and ultimately quite freaky, \\"Rashomon\\" still defies conventional filmmaking, brilliantly crafted and exceptionally directed. And that's the truth.to themselves, he acknowledges that there's good in there too. The illusions and innocence of the young priest are stripped away, yet the knowledge of how despicable people can be is tempered with the knowledge that \\"real\\" truth isn't necessary to have goodness.    And Kurosawa's directorial skill is no less striking -- light and shadow whirl and dance in a frankly beautiful woodland setting, serving as a pretty backdrop for some very ugly acts. Kurosawa was even brave enough to touch on the unique idea of having the deceased testify. The spinechilling seance scene, starring a downright spooky, stark-faced Fumiko Honma, is a haunting classic scene.    And the masterful fight scenes deserve an extra shout-out -- they reflect the person telling the story. Tajomaru's are more stylized and choreographed, while the woodcutter just sees two freaked-out guys rolling and staggering with swords.    Toshirô Mifune chews the scenery with gusto as the barbarian bandit, especially with that crazy hyena laugh. Machiko Kyô initially seems to be overacting, until you see how unhinged her character has become, and Masayuki Mori does a pretty solid job for a guy tied to a tree. Minoru Chiaki and Takashi Shimura add an extra dimension as the innocent young priest and the tormented woodcutter.    Gloomy, thought-provoking and ultimately quite freaky, \\"Rashomon\\" still defies conventional filmmaking, brilliantly crafted and exceptionally directed. And that's the truth.
B000P12LWY|5.0|If you like a bit of English history and drama ...this is the series you want to watch . I actually have SHO that this show airs on. Although I sent the first season to my mom as a mother's day gift . When i ordered this from Amaz. It came right away and they gave me a better price then the used ones people were selling out there . Thank you Amazon
0061245097|5.0|To save the man she loves from the government, Cat Crawford left Bones years ago. In the meantime, she has adapted to her new life, exacting justice on rogue vampires as an agent of the United States. Thanks to Bones, who is himself a vampire, she is among the most adept at what she does, which makes her a target for assassination. Once again, she needs him in her life, although everyone else says it's a doomed relationship and he should be avoided. Bones is possibly the only person better at what Cat does than she is, and he does bring out her best. Though Cat planned on keeping things professional, Bones had other ideas.     ***** If you want to read a book that follows a formula and is virtually indistinguishable from the last urban fantasy romance you read, or reads like a standard romance, except for the fact that the hero or heroine has fangs, fur, or both, then look elsewhere. The Night Huntress series is fresh, though it does have some of the hallmarks of the genre. Cat and Bones are a fantastic pair, perfectly simpatico, even when they are at odds. What's more, he's one of the most compelling heroes since J.D. Robb's Roarke. Don't just take my word for it though, read the books. *****     Amanda Killgore for Huntress Reviews
1582701709|1.0|I have to say that this book is a total waste of money, I had in mind to leave an extensive review to explain why until I read the review of the Secret by another review I read prior to what I had in mind, but this person just does it so clearly and as I agree with all the points made, please see: longhorn24 review, it says it all in an excellent and accessible fashion - I am returning this book back for a refund.
B000000W5L|5.0|This album is so good that not even Mick Jagger was happy with it.  That's good enough for me, as I have come to the conclusion that Mick has poor taste in music.  I've heard his solo albums, and they suck.  This, however, is a masterpiece of eclectic blues boogie, and it sure as hell rocks.  Pay no attention to the negative reviews you may have read about Exile, just buy the cd and get on with your life.  Such creativity, such awesome power, such a display of guitar tectronics that you'll be bowled over before you can finish listening to it.  It is, however, an album that takes time to get used to.  While that may sound confusing, it just is what it is.  Exile On Main Street is the definitive Rolling Stones album.  It has it all.
B0002I831S|5.0|This is a terrific product. There are 22 original episodes included and the graphics are wonderful. Just the thing for true Trekkies!
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|Death at a Funeral is hands-down the drollest, funniest comedy I've seen in years. It has that wonderful British knack of downplaying instead of overworking the truly absurd plot. Plus I've never laughed so hard watching a naked man in all my life.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have never seen the biggest loser tv show or heard about Jillian Michaels until I saw reviews on consumer reports about how wonderful this fitness dvd was, so I bought it and tried it out. WOW, I wasn't expecting it to be this great. It gets the job done and the time goes by fast. She is a great instructor, funny and VERY motivating. I have now purchased another one of Jillian's workout dvd's because I was so happy with this one. I would recommend this dvd to anyone!
