B000002JS6|5.0|Back in Black is a great album and AC/DC rules. Brian Johnson is also a really great singer.
0440219078|5.0|Being a teen myslef I think that this book would be great for every kid my age.  What kept me turning the pages is the little bits of information about this world Jonas lives is, and how it differs from the life we live  today.  Every chapter would reveal something new, that would be intresting  and different from how we go about life.  Then, when Jonas started his  journey to &quot;Elsewhere&quot; with his favorite newchild, life changed  for him.  They then knew real pain and it took everything they had,  including the memories Jonas had got from The Giver to stay alive.  He  hopes, but never finds out if his leaving will make the memories of true  life go to everyone he knew.  Then, you get a very unexpected ending which  almose lets you think of what happens to him.  This is a very fine novel,  great for any teen who would want to read it.
B000002A3T|5.0|when i first heard some of pink floyd's music, back in 1994, i thought it was weird and different from the music of most other bands. i heard songs like &quot;run like hell&quot;, &quot;comfortably numb&quot;,&quot;wish you  were here&quot;, &quot;another brick in the wall&quot;, etc, and i couldn't  really tell if i loved them or hated them, but the one song that i heard at  that time that really got to me was &quot;in the flesh&quot;, the first  track of &quot;the wall&quot;. i'm not really a die hard pink floyd fan but  i decided to try them out. first, i purchased the &quot;shine on&quot; box  set which contained most of their early 60's psychedelic stuff, i really  didn't enjoy it. the best three albums out of the whole set were &quot;dark  side of the moon&quot;, wish you were here&quot; and &quot;the wall&quot;.  so i traded the box set in and go those three albums. but one album out of  the whole pre-dark side of the moon era that i think sounds great is  &quot;atom heart mother&quot;, i've heard bits and pieces of it. I recently  purchased the division bell and when i first heard, i thought it sucked,  but then i listened to it alone in my bedroom and i thought it was  fantastic, that's more than i can say for their other albums. dark side of  the moon is cool, but wasn't musically aesthetic for me, and the same goes  for wish you were here. the wall was good but it focused more on a story  rather than musical pleasure. in my opinion it was a great idea to go on  without roger, their better now than they ever were. i enjoyed every single  song on the album, it almost made me cry, the guitar work is excellent. my  favorites are &quot; a great day for freedom&quot;, &quot;lost for  words&quot;, &quot;high hopes&quot;, and basically , the other eight  tracks. for the people who say that this album sucks and that pink floyd  now sucks because roger waters left, GROW UP!!!
185984054X|5.0|Three cheers for Christopher Hitchens!<br />A brave and intelligent book.  It comes as something of a relief to know there are still journalists out there who aren't afraid of the media canonization process.
6302779278|5.0|I've seen a lot of movies in my lifetime, and I am usually really picky when it comes to giving a movie great credits. But I will really give this movie a rate of 5 stars - both for story, filming, actors, best soundtrack  and best costumes. This is the best movie I've ever seen - and I still mean  this 6 years after I saw it for the first time.
B000009ED0|2.0|I hadn't heard of Kid Rock before being floored by &quot;Bawitdaba&quot;.  I thought it was Rage Against The Machine, it was so good.  I rushed out to buy this disc and to my utter disappointment, the rest of the album has a  fraction fo the energy and inspiration of the lead track.  Boring,  middle-of-the-road rap, sub-Anthrax guitars, a general lack of creativity  and buyer's remorse are what I found after listening to it a couple times  (to be fair).  If only there was a CD single, I would've saved myself the  trouble and about $8.
0060930349|5.0|To think that anyone is capable of giving a completly unbiased summary of American history is impossible in my opinion.  People should take this book for what it is and quit focusing on what was left out.  Anyone who wants a  general introduction to the history of the United States from a  conservitive point of view should check this book out.
6304140711|1.0|Possibly the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my life.  Reese Witherspoon is a beautiful and talented actress but this movie doesn't give us any evidence of that. Horrible acting, horrible writing... in fact, just  about everything in this movie is horrible.
0684847817|5.0|This book is absolutely breath-taking. For faerie lovers and collectors, I highly recomend this book to add to your collection
0060925000|3.0|Seth's characters are realistic, though somehow shallowly portrayed. Many scenes show great wit and perception. I felt it was almost worth wading through the religious and political tedium (which did, actually, teach me  something about India's history) in order to find out what happened to the  characters. However, I felt somehow ripped off at the end. In all, a book  that's worth reading once quickly, but one I won't read a second time.
068483605X|5.0|I first picked up this book when I was 12 years old, I read it from cover to cover. I was in awe of an author who could make me feel so deeply for a group of rabbits. Fourteen years later, I have probably read this book 20  times, I have worn out two paperback copies. It is a wonderful story that  teaches the reader about human nature and not just rabbit nature. It's  entirely possible to see a little of yourself in the powerful BigWig, the  quick-witted Hazel, or the clever Blackberry. I still shiver at the thought  of the Black Rabbit of Inle. A must read for any book lover!
B000002UBU|5.0|This is a very underrated album.  I orginally bought it just for American Pie (easily one of the best songs of all time!), but soon discovered other good songs on this album.  Track #7, Everybody Loves Me, Baby, is one of my  favorites.  It is caustic, cynical, and easy to sing along with.  #8,  Sister Fatima, is a slow thought-provoking song.  A terrific album.   Something for everyone.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica rules ,and in my opinion the best songs are &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Wherever I Roam&quot;,and  &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;.
B00000ADG2|2.0|I love Lauryn Hill, really I do. I especially loved her song, &quot;The Sweetest Thing&quot; on the Love Jones soundtrack, so when I heard all the hype about her new album, I wasn't surprised. She has a powerful  voice.....BUT this album is not for her. She only has, like two good songs  (Ex-factor and Mahogany-the hidden track) but even those songs are just  GOOD not GREAT. This album is highly overrated and was a huge  disappointment. How she has won all those awards with this album is a pure  mystery to me. Her voice is amazing,  but the songs on this album just were  not for her. I am so sorry I bought this and it pains me so much to  remember that I didn't buy it on sale!  Don't believe the hype, this album  is not all that. Period.
0140277447|3.0|My mom used to tell me these stories and I didn't quite believe them because they were so fantastic.   Though I did believe the Holocaust, I tought some of her stories were too fantastic. Now with Chang's book, I  feel that what my mom has recounted to me as true.  I do find the numbers  that Chang has spouted to be a bit unbelievable, but what if only 100,000  people were murdered?  That is still beyond imagination, beyond normal  human behaviour.  Look at the ethnic cleansing going on in Kosovo.  Look at  the Mongol hords, Stalin, Hitler, Killing fields in Cambodia.  These all  really happened.  It is impossible to say that these stories are all made  up.  Humans are barbaric and even if you just don't believe Chang's  numbers, you can believe that some of her stories are true.  The tragedy is  that some readers disbelieve her.  How can you say what she wrote is all  lies?  If you say she is lying, maybe you just can't face up to the truth  yourself?  That some countries/people/cultures sometimes get out of hand  and do horrible things.
0684843749|5.0|This book is loaded with all the information needed for the beginner and nonbeginner to boast up their levels of confidence. I plan to use the book to help me prepare for shows that I wish to compete in. Gives illustrations  of other bodybuliders like Lee Priest, Darrem Charles, Lou Ferrigno, Frank  Zane, etc. Those who gave this book a bad review doesn't know their $%& from their elbow! They don't appreciate the idea of hard work! Get the Book  it is great!
B00000G3PA|3.0|Why does EVERYONE have to be a BADASS in this movie??  Talk about extreme--this is it!!
080013799X|5.0|I just have to say that this is THE greatest movie of the 10th century.  NEE!
0374172897|5.0|As an homage, not a sequel, to Virgina Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway, this  book is a tremendous success.  The lightness, yet extreme complexity of these words  are remindful of Woolf's work, if not as elaborate.  The characters  are, at once, likeable and repulsive, as they encounter the hours of their  lives.  This, however, is a mere reflection of the conflict in all  individuals, struggling to  distinguish the good from the bad as we proceed  through life.  Most enjoyable.
6302597544|5.0|Lot's of action in this video!  Angus never slows down; even for a second!  The sound quality was so good if it was only an &quot;audio&quot; tape, one might mistake the music for a &quot;studio&quot; version!
0684867621|5.0|I love Stephen King's writing but sometimes I just don't have time to get into one of his &quot;heavy&quot; novels. I started Bag of Bones about a month ago and can't find time to get a big chunk of it read, and reading  little bits by little bits is by no means enjoyable. My dream vacation  would be to have a clean house, no one in it but myself, a pile of fast  food, with microwave nearby and my entire Stephen King library (only  unfinished ones) and about 2 weeks. This book was given to me by my  daughter as a birthday gift and I read it relaxing in the tub in about 3  nights.  Really enjoyable!!! I really like the idea that Tom Gordon is  real!!
B000001DWG|5.0|BEFORE PEARL JAM,ANDREW WOOD WAS A ARTIST MOTHER LOVE BONE WAS HIS CANVIS! HEROIN TAKES ANOTHER STAR ...WILL IT EVER STOP!!!THE MUSIC ON THESE CDS IS ONE OF A KIND SMOKE A JOINT AND LISTEN TO ANDREW PREACH!!!
B000002NHN|5.0|magic...as are all her works.  This album will leave you haunted and yearning....with a strong desire to read (or reread) the Inferno
0684867621|2.0|Suddenly, King is churning out his writing.  His latest work is a 20 page short story that was extended into a 200 page &quot;hardback&quot; for a few more &quot;greenbacks.&quot;  The story has no real plot or even a  purpose.  A few of the ideas are good in the book but its mainly just plain  boring.  How many times can he describe the forest to the reader.  Its just  plants, plants, and more plants.  King, stop trying to milk your readers  and start producing good fiction again.  By the way, Storm of the Century  was another ill-conceived flop.  If not, you'll turn into just another Dean  Koontz and look at him now.
B0000039QA|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS DEFINTALY WORTH LISTENING TO AND WORTH SPENDING AROUND $22.00. THIS IS BIGGIES BEST ALBUM. THE BEST TRACKS ARE HYPNOTIZE, NOTORIOUS THUGS, MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS, AND GOING BACK TO CALI. ALL THE  OTHER SONGS ARE ALSO WORTH LISTENING TO AS WELL.
B00000IQC8|5.0|No, this isn't a Navy Seals review folks. Clerks is a masterpiece in the world of low budget indie flix and as a comedy, out ranks any of Hollywood's over priced attempts at laughs. Silent Bob, er, Kevin Smith is  the king of clever dialogue, subtle and not so subtle low brow humor and  Stars Wars references. This movie admittedly starts slow, but it's just  building it's foundation in order for Smith to floor you later. For those  of you who haven't seen a Smith flick, Do so now. Come October when his new  masterpiece, Dogma comes out, be prepared because those of us who have will  be laughing quite loudly at some references you wont get. Don't get me  wrong, Dogma and his other films will keep you utterly entertained even  from your first viewing. Also, the DVD has a much better ending, it ends on  such a down note. Life ends on a series of down notes.(Insider joke,  sorry)(By the way, Shermer Illinois as listed in a previous review does not  exist, it's a fictional city in John Hughes' movies that is referenced in  Dogma.)<br />Nooch!!!
0140501711|5.0|A short book (usually printed in an oversized format) for little children about two ducks who look for a place to nest in Boston. The illustrations are delightful and children love it. This book won the 1942 Caldecott Medal  for best illustration in a book for children. I enthusiastically recommend  it.
B00000295A|5.0|This is by far the best album from Jay-Kay. His first album set the standard for all to come but none have topped it! The some-what Austrailian sound added to his music by the didjeradoo shows his unique taste and blend  of music. His political veiwpoints stand out most in my mind and his  digital vibrations keep you feelin' good.
0800109090|5.0|This film is an absolute feast for the senses.  Shot in Canada, the panoramic mountain scenery is breathtaking and was filmed by John Toll, whose mastery of mood and lighting is phenomenal and he was deservedly  awarded the cinematography Oscar for this film. James Horner, of Titanic  fame, wrote the absolutely beautiful and haunting musical score.  Last but  not least, we have the beauty of Brad Pitt, who is so beautiful to look at  who cares about the actual story?  The other brothers, played by Henry  Thomas (of E.T.) and Aidan Quinn are not bad to look at, either.  The story  is a big lush soap opera type western, but it was nevertheless  exciting,  romantic, at times frightening and fun to watch.  It was a good story, and  although women seem to like the film more than men, it has a lot of wartime  action to satisfy the men in the audience as well (to say nothing of the  presence of Julia Ormond, who is quite beautiful in this film).
0451452739|5.0|The best sci-fi novel ever. I highly reccommend that you read the book right after watching the film(the best film ever made).
6305358567|3.0|The reviews called it brilliant; I found it tedious even as I found the quality of the acting excellent.  Cate Blanchett certainly looked the part more than anyone else I've seen who portrayed Elizabeth; nevertheless,  everything else seemed off.  I particularly didn't like the staging and  photography.  It began to annoy me about midway through when I noticed that  absolutely every scene had to be &quot;framed&quot;.  Either a balustrade,  a curtain, a bannister, a door, or something was set in the foreground  through which one viewed the scene.  This became increasingly distracting  until I almost lost the thread of the narrative.  I am surely in the  minority on this; however, as beautiful as the costumes and hairstyles  were, as well acted as the parts were; nevertheless, the mediocrity of the  direction, the diddling with history, and the affectations of photography  ruined this film for me.
B000001GQD|5.0|This is without doubt the greatest ever recorded performance of the Rachmaninov.  But I do NOT advise buying it unless you already know the piece.  Richter reveals the concerto as a masterpiece.  He does this by  taking a long-sighted approach which emphasizes structural solidity,  somewhat at the expense of the more short-term qualities which make  everyone fall in love with this piece at first hearing.  For those, turn to  someone like Ashkenazy, Rubinstein, Janis or the poorly recorded Van  Cliburn.  Then buy this CD later!<br />Much the same applies to the  Tchaikovsky, except that the orchestra is even better and the performance  not quite as stellar.  For the greatest Tchaik 1 ever, turn to Horowitz and  Toscanini.  If you need modern sound, listen to Argerich.
0783226063|5.0|Being a Frank Herbert's unconditional fan, and having read all 6 novels regarding the Dune universe, I was quite sceptic regarding a possible adaptation for the big screen of such a magnificent and rich narrative  work.  I shouldn't have worried - it captures the bold intensity of  Herbert's books (though mostly the first, I must admit) and manages to  surprise, awe, seduce, horrify, scare to death and enthrall all in a mere 2  hours of silver - outstanding! David Lynch goes over the top but still  lands on his feet - not an easy acheivement, and quite a formidable cast to  backup the richly woeven plot. Superb!
0684867621|1.0|Y A W N.  That really sums it up.  Will someone out there tell me what has happened to the REAL Stephen King???  I haven't seen anything but boring from him lately and am beginning to lose faith ever since Gerald's Game. Do  I dare spend my hard earned money on his next one??
B000002C4J|5.0|I can't tell you how much I love Celine's album.  Her songs and voice together create something that is unmatched.  There is a song for each emotion and each person in my life.  Keep singing Celine!!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Everybody loved Ghostbusters when it first came out, and with the release of this new DVD, how can people not want the third movie to be produced? With an amazing ten extra scenes and a wealth of other features,  Ghostbusters should make as big a comeback as Star Wars.
6302054982|5.0|This is absolutely one of my favorite films. Even after repeated viewings. Strips wiseguy life of its veneer to expose the self-absorption, betrayal and fear at its coarse base. <br />The dinner scene (the deer's hoof in the  car's grill is deemed a sin by Tommy)has to be one of the most morbidly  hilarious ever filmed.
6303471730|5.0|You'll view this one over and over.  Pseudo slap stick comedy with a Western touch.Check out the large stellar cast - each making a great contribution. Sparks fly in the Wayne/O'Hara combo in a hilarious way.  Something for everyone - This however is not a total lightweight - Indian  issues, divorce and early settlers issues portrayed with sensitivity. A  video you'll want to share with others.  Buy it!
B000006OAM|5.0|Ophelia is a daring, brilliantly conceived, and tremendously well executed album.  Remarkably enough, if you spend time with the lyrics, every song opens a door into Hamlet.  Merchant has clearly examined her title  character and provides a series of astonishing insights into the play.  The  music is richly textured and haunting.  I listen to it almost daily and am  continually struck by the depth of thought and feeling invested in the  songs on this album.  Bravo to Natalie Merchant for writing and producing  such an erudite and educated record.
0316779237|3.0|The first story, &quot;SantaLand Diaries&quot;, is hilarious, as funny a piece of writing as I have ever read.The other stories are quite amusing, but don't rise to the level of the first. Sedaris clearly has exceptional  talent, and I will definitely try out his other works. Comedy(whether  performing or writing) clearly being the most difficult art, makes this  collection worth the modest retail price.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Despite realizing how obvious it was, I sort of dreaded the idea of anyone writing new Star Wars music, even the original maestro himself. I mean, what could possibly compare to THE Star Wars soundtracks? How could someone  pull off another musical collection like that? Well, I don't know HOW, but  John Williams does it! &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; absolutely rocks,  Anakin's theme pulls off quaveringly heart-wrenching chords and, though a  little weird, &quot;Augie's&quot; is annoyingly addictive. If the movie is  anywhere near as good as the soundtrack, I'll be one happy camper on the  19th, I can assure you that.
B000003RCY|4.0|Although many of the songs sound exactly the same, this is still a powerful CD.<br />Anyone who is interested in anything German, or any anti-social teenager who is full of hatred and anger should definately buy  this CD!<br />All joking aside, the best song on this CD is #5: Seeman. See?  Who says Rammstein always has to be so ear-deafening. This one stands out!
6300151379|5.0|I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO MEET THE NUT WHO HAS DECIDED NOT TO RELEASE THIS VIDEO! IT HAS BEEN A FAVORIT OF MINE SENCE I CAN REMEMBER! I OWN THE RECORD,AND I THINK I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO HAVE THE VIDEO TOO PEOPLE,  HELLLOOOOO?!!!PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PUT MY NAME DOWN ON A LIST TO GET ONE  OR TO A PETITION TO BRING IT BACK!!!!!!!!
B000002J23|5.0|Yes &quot;Drama&quot; is a GREAT cd.  The band went through a strange transformation to create this underated masterpeice.  &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; ranks right up with the other YES epic classics.  Although  the line-up is very different, their old style seems to shine through, with  six/seven minute songs.  Don't be turned off by the change in  musicians!  I was at first...until I listened to it.  It then became clear  that this CD was simply GREAT!  It sounds like a perfect hybrid of  &quot;owner of a lonely&quot; mixed with &quot;The Gates of Delirium.&quot;  A smooth transition from Progressive Rock, to their later POP Rock style.   This CD has somthing for everyone!<br /> DRAMA is fresh, exciting,  powerful, complex, catchy, and a great buy for all YES fans!!
0684833395|5.0|I'm really someone who reads alot, and when I picked up Catch 22 I was worried.  More oftem then not, 'classic' books are disappointing.<br />But by the second page I knew it was a masterpiece.  When I reached the ending I  knew I've never read anything quite as good.<br />It's the ending that  captures you, cause it's what the book is all about.  It's not about war  being bad, but about the line between ideology and individuality.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Pink Floyds &quot;a saucerful of secrets&quot; is an overlooked Floyd masterpeice.  This CD is bursting with psychedelic goodies.  This a good glimps of Pink Floyds song style.  It has the shorter diddys and the ten  minute long prog rock epics that give Pink Floyd their name.
B000002UW1|5.0|REM has been a constant in my stereo since I first heard Superman from Life's Rich Pageant in 1986. I like REMs new stuff, but its albums like LRP and Document that I always come back to. Recently, my CD player was stolen  out of my car, and all I could think of was &quot;How soon can I replace  Document?&quot;  It's an excellent CD that I have never tired of, and not  only does it mark a pinnacle in REMs career as band, it opened the door and  let good college radio be heard by more than just college students.
630339406X|5.0|This was the best film I had seen of Tom Hanks until &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; and still I consider it to be  equal to &quot;Gump&quot;. The chemistry between Hanks and  Elizabeth Perkins is perfect and the laughs  are  endless (don't miss the scene where Josh [Hanks] comes home and his  mom [Mercedes Rheul] goes hysterical on him). &quot;Big&quot; is the kind  of movie that makes everyone feel like a kid again.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Once the CD started playing, I couldn't press the stop button! One of the greatest CDs I ever heard. I got it yesterday, and played it three consecutive times. Nothing compares to this one. Soundtracks these days  aren't like they used to be, but this one is sure as great as the first  trilogy.
B00000IQCZ|5.0|I love Judy Garland and I think this is her best film of all (not to mention my favorite). My  sister and I watched it one evening just before  Christmas '98 and my 6 year-old nephew watched it with us and now whenever  he mentions it he refers to it as &quot;Clang, clang&quot; (&quot;Clang,  clang, clang went the trolley...&quot;). He's watched at least 7 times now  since that evening and he loves it. Those of you who havn't seen &quot;St.  Louis&quot; and are fans of either Judy Garland or great musical films see  this film. It is so magical it's hard to believe it was a true story.
0767824571|5.0|I too ordered the DVD as soon as I read about it and ordered it and was to be shipped May 1st. Still have not recieved it and I read now will not be released until Dec.of 99...  What gives from me too????????
B00000IQMT|5.0|In perfect honesty, I would've preferred George Lucas to focus on Episodes 7,8 and 9. I must be the only person on the planet NOT looking forward to the new STAR WARS movie. I felt the same way about TITANIC too.<br />This  means I am able evaluate the score on its merits as a piece of musical work  - not as a piece of merchandising or just the soundtrack for a blockbuster  movie.<br />Where do I start? I was NOT expecting anything quite like this.  After the familiar STAR WARS fanfare fades away, it is clear that Williams  has decided to take a different approach this time around. The tone of the  album is much much darker than any of the three previous scores. If you  listen closely to Anakin Skywalker's beautiful theme you can hear dark and  ominous shades of the Imperial theme mixed in.<br />My favourite track is  definitely the final one - &quot;Augie's Muncipal Band and End  Credits&quot;. Its essentially a very well put together compilation of the  first three tracks on the CD. <br />The best compliment I can give this score  is that like the previous three it can definitely stand alone as an  excellent musical work. You don't have to like (or watch) The Phantom  Menace to enjoy the music - and that is what the best movie soundtracks  always manage to acheive.
0375408266|1.0|Social cause, historical context, I should have been in heaven.  Instead, it took him years to figure out what I knew on the bike ride and the historical context was just there to trigger all of the emotion that each  reader brings with themself about the holocaust.  If you want a book to  sink your teeth into, there are unlimited titles that would do a better job  than this.  Oprah's Book Club is a wonderful idea, but I think that she  missed the mark with this one.
6303832563|5.0|I first saw this film about 2 months ago in my college film class.  I have to admit that I wasn't too impressed with it--mainly because of its unconventionality.  However, after a second viewing I was a lover for life.   I can't stop thinking about it!  The cinematography is absolutely gorgeous  and the music is unforgettable.  Though I have no interest in the Hopi  Indian tribe or its message, the film was captivating and so, so exquisite.   You must see this film if you call yourself a film lover.  Oh, I also have  some copies available.  Email me.
B000005IRG|2.0|This is not a terrible album, but its popularity with music snobs comes from the fact it never gained commercial attention. <br /> There are so many bands of this time period and genre that are far superior to Television :  Pere Ubu, Talking Heads, Squeeze, etc that are truly good and not riding on  the praise of critics
0684867621|1.0|I could not put this book down! Not because it was good, but because I kept waiting for it to get good. I kept asking myself if it was written by Stephen King? I put this in Stephen King's &quot;uh-oh&quot; list!
6303165680|5.0|A wonderful movie to watch with someone you love (or could see yourself loving somewhere down the line). The question of commitment rears its ugly head over and over, and makes it appear Charles (Hugh Grant) is unable to do so. In fact, the film seems to make the case he's been biding his time waiting for the thunderbolt to hit from out of the blue; when it finally does (in the person of Andie MacDowell), it misfires a few times.<br />The film is enhanced by not being teddibly British (but suffers from not showing enough of Britain -- it might as well have been filmed in Toronto for all we saw of the countryside and Scotland). The supporting cast is marvelous, with Kristin Scott-Thomas and John Hannah moving on to bigger and better things. Andie MacDowell has been unfairly described as the weak link, but her character is rather ill-defined and flighty to begin with, and she didn't write the awful &quot;Is it raining? I hadn't noticed&quot; eye-roller at the end. Friends have told me other actresses could have been much better in the role; I highly doubt it.<br />Definitely worth grabbing on video. The DVD holds no significant extras -- kind of a disappointment, since the screenplay book shows many deleted scenes and rejected TV spot scripts -- *some* of them must have been filmed.
B00000ICD9|2.0|Sure, the artistic design and special effects are great, but were the screenwriters drunk when they spewed out the script?  The unusual premise aside, the characters are not believable and the plot is choppy and  contrived.  People think this movie is &quot;deep&quot;?  Come on!  A film  isn't deeply philosophical just because it is about death and the  afterlife.  It has to make sense too!
0783233477|5.0|Some people say the movie was too long.  Not for me.  I like it so much I kept repeating chapters on DVD (especially the scene from the coffee shop where they kept missing each others glances) even before I saw the whole  movie.  Overall, I watched it for 4 hours and loved every minute of it.
0790735431|5.0|I first saw this film in 1992, when it came out on the TV in the UK.  I accept that it is not a true story, it never really pretends to be.  As to the historical accuracy, it is not meant to represent just one mission, but  to give a feeling for what it must have been like.  Since watching this  film, I have been in contact with many people who actually experienced the  war, and none of them have made any uncomplimentary comments - they know  what it was made for, and respect it for this.  In my opinion, it is one of  the greatest films ever made.  There is a depth of character which I have  not seen in any other film (although I haven't see Saving Private Ryan).   This film works on many levels, and as such should be given a chance, even  if you hated it first time around!! One last point - read the novelisation;  it makes the film make a lot more sense, and also shows how the  scriptwriter originally imagined the film to be!
0671449028|5.0|This is the last book we read before the lights go out.  My 2-year old loves it and knows when it's over it's time to go to sleep.  He even &quot;reads&quot; it to us.
B0000069NM|5.0|If you're thinking of buying this CD don't hesitate. I got to meet John Scofield b/c his daughter goes to my school and he came and jammed with us. He's awesome.
076782444X|5.0|Not only was the music &amp; dancing entertaining, but I found I was very impressed with the morality when the main characters decided NOT to have sex.Because of this I will buy this video for my home library.
0451167716|5.0|I'm a huge fan of the Godfather trilogy and I finally sat down and read the book.  I was not dissappointed in the least!  The book delved more into the characters so you understood why they did what they did and what  motivated them.  Now when I watch the movie, I get a new understanding on  the characters and actually enjoy it more.  Now if you read this book and  then watch the movie, be aware that there are differences (as with all  screenplays written from books) but they are minor.  As for the reader from  Savannah, GA who thought the book was horrible and overrated and the  Frances Ford Coppola was a genius, obviously you don't read much do ya?
0792837541|5.0|I personally grew up with this movie, and now that I'm on my own, I can't wait to share this with my family when I start one.  If you love Kelly, then you must see this movie.
630417893X|5.0|I would like to say very clearly that this film was wonderful. Even though many customers have mentioned that Audrey Hepburn couldn't sing in the film, I believe that Hepburn was a suitable actress for her part. Julie  Andrews may be a talented singer as well as an actress, but Hepburn is a  very talented actress and matched her part better.   My Fair Lady is a  recommended film to watch. The film is funny, romantic, interesting, and  filled with wonderful music. I admit I cannot actually explain how well  directed this film is, but why don't you just see it and find out.
6302491940|2.0|Content of the movie is great but transfer of film to video and subsequent tape duplication produced deplorable picture quality. Is this movie going to be released on DVD? If so wait for the DVD version.
B00000DHTF|5.0|That the vast bulk of the material on this 4CD set is comprised of hitherto unreleased material is stunning. Some of the material, especially that produced in the early 1980s, had previously circulated as bootlegs.  This being so, the most surprising and pleasant aspect of the compilation  is the most recent material. I had always been disappointed by much of the  (overproduced) Human Touch and Lucky Town albums, and believed that  Springsteen was a talent in decline. The material released here amply  proves that such a view was mistaken. Songs such as Happy, Trouble in  Paradise, Sad Eyes, Back in Your Arms, and Brothers Under the Bridge are  Springsteen Classics to rank alongside 4th July Asbury Park, the River and  the rest of them. Thankfully these classic tracks have now been released.  My only grouse is the shameless marketing of the record company - a single  CD is to be released containing mainly extracts from Tracks, but which  includes 3 unreleased songs; this seems to be an abuse of the company's  monopoly power in the market for Bruce's music, and is extremely  exploitative of the consumer.
B00000IP2L|1.0|Mr. Wylde's talent is unquestionable.  This CD is very hard-driven, heavily distorted thunder from Hades.  He is an excellent guitarist and has displayed tremendous potential lyrically.  However, the listener should  beware of impending darkness, bitterness, anger and tremendous despair.   The resulting fusion with various insturments is &quot;Sonic Brew&quot;.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Being a student of music in general and a true lover of Tom Waits' music, I find quite a bit new about this album.  That gloriously bluesy guitar-banjo thing on &quot;Chocolate Jesus&quot;, the combo of dobro and  pump organ on &quot;Pony&quot;, and the most incredibly complex lyrics he  has written to date make listening to this album an incomparable joy.   Unlike most artists, Waits didn't do his best work in a creative burst  around his 20's and 30's, it is only coming out now.  Look around, I'll bet  you can't find another musician who actually gets better as he gets older.
0802130208|5.0|To review it would be to ruin it.  It is a masterpiece
B000002UCQ|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite Beatle solo albums. It's an incredible piece of work with tons of great songs... I just love this album, and find something new each time I listen to it (which is a lot, by the way). George  seems to be able to communicate so many things through his music, and I  find that it touches me emotionally more than anyone else's. All of  George's work speaks to your heart through beautiful melodies and lyrics. I  recommend this album to anyone interested in George's work... :)
B000002GEY|5.0|Being an avid radio listener to classic rock stations when I was a teenager, I would always hear deejays play songs by Supertramp.  I happened upon &quot;Breakfast In America&quot; and was in tears of joy, because half  of the songs I had heard on the radio were on this CD.  However, it is the  obscure songs that makes this album incredible.  &quot;Oh Darling&quot; is  a catchy tune (Davies and Hodgson's dual vocals sound great together), and  &quot;Lord Is It Mine&quot; is a beautiful lullaby-like song.  But  &quot;Child Of Vision&quot; is perhaps the greatest song on this CD.  The  last three-and-a-half minutes of the song displays some heavy, phenomenal  piano work that I could listen to for hours.  Check out this album....you  won't be disappointed!
B000002UZ4|5.0|This CD was my first real exposure to the Pet Shop Boys, and its responsible for getting me started on a rather large and pricey collection of their material I've accumulated since then.  In any case, this CD is a  must own...I can honestly say that there is not a bad song on here.  Even  if you are familiar with the Pet Shop Boys from what was played on American  radio during the 80's their's plenty of new material here.  The album is  chronologicaly arranged.  Starting with &quot;Left to my own devices&quot;  at track 11, none of these songs were ever given U.S. air play, yet all are  brilliant.  And, in the first 10 tracks are such favorites as the immortal  West End Girls, Suburbia, Opportunities, and Always On My Mind.  A  highlight of the whole disc though is the song Heart which simply works  perfectly.
B0000025HU|5.0|This is really a great, great album, up there with the likes of Pepper (easily) and Abbey Road and anything else that I've ever heard.<br />The Clash have a fairly diverse sound; but heavy analysis aside, the fact is that the  music is infectious and yet it is also serious and angry in places.<br />My  faves: Spanish Bombs, Rudie Can't Fail, Lost in the Supermarket, Train in  Vain, Clampdown.<br />All the songs are top-notch, and more than worth a mere  listen. I'd say: Go Out and Buy this CD. Listen to it.
0670880728|5.0|I absolutely love this book! Helen Fielding is a witty author who has managed to take the pulse of all single women everywhere and from that, create Bridget Jones. Every one of my friends that have read this feel as  if Bridget Jones is their personal story, and you will too!
B000002LCK|5.0|A two disc set, but disc 1 alone is worth the price.  Shows New Order's history chronologicaly, and contains a plethora of terrific songs including Temptation, Blue Monday, Bizarre Love Triangle, True Faith, and (in my  opinion) perhaps the greatest song ever recorded, Perfect Kiss.  I agree  with an earlier review that this is the best thing you can buy to summarize  New Order, although in this compilation you miss some of their more  guitar/bass oriented songs like Age of Consent, Sunrise, and Dreams Never  End.  The second disc is comprised of the b-sides corresponding to the 12  songs on disc 1.  The highlight here is the Marilyn Monroe / JFK piece  '1963'.  Instrumental versions of several songs are here too.
6303332609|5.0|This is the greatest movie ever known to man kind........if you have not seen it you should either be forced to watch it or you should die.. the spanish is better than the english because you don't know what the hell is  going on so it is 10 times funnier.
6305265488|5.0|I watched this movie with some friends and I was so intrigued with the drama and the actors and actresses.  Namely, Dougray Scott and Drew Barrymore.  I would recommend this to anyone I meet.  It is a great film to  watch as a family.
630522577X|5.0|My Fair Lady is a feast for the eyes! I've just seen it for the first time (it wasn't my kind of movie when it was originally in theaters--I was into Bond then). The restoration is magnificent. This film has the eye appeal of  a huge banquet  table covered with sumptious desserts--you just don't know  where to start. The color, the definition, the depth is startling--you have  to remind yourself that it was made in '64.      The credits read like a  list of Who's Who in film history--George Cukor, Jack Warner, Andre Previn,  Lerner &amp; Lowe. Rex Harrison's effortless performance is brilliant, no  doubt due to his refinement of the role from the show's long stage run.  Audrey Hepburn is precious as Eliza Dolittle who's character wins our  hearts and truly transforms as she learns to be a &quot;lady&quot;. Miss  Hepburn clinches the deal in the race track scene where she ventures  outside the boundary of conversation and vexes members of London's high  society with tales of her ailing relatives--she endears herself to viewers  for all time! This is a must-have for my film library where it will reside  next to such rough and tumble DVDs as Hard Times, Das Boot, Black Rain,  Goldeneye and Unforgiven!
B000002H6C|5.0|THE LAST GREAT TRUE METAL RECORDING FROM THE THRASH MASTERS BEFORE THE GREAT SELL-OUT.
6305169187|2.0|Armageddon has it's (small) moments but never really has a plot except blowing up some dallas cowboy meteor. And the 18 days that supposedly is left 'til annihilation is hopelessly inaccurate. Face it, if you want this  amount of absurdity, watch WCW. Although it is better than Godzilla.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Some people just don't get it.  This movie is really critic-proof.  It's not meant to be a movie that changes the world or saves the human race.  It's a movie...entertainment...an escape!  As such, it should be remembered  that the music is a part of that experience.  How can people complain about  there not being enough of the &quot;older&quot; themes??  This is a NEW  movie.  With NEW themes.  Remember, that there were only a few main themes  in the original Star Wars.  Williams then added more as the movies kept  coming.  By the time Return of the Jedi came around, there were something  like 15-20 themes being used.  So now we have Episode I...there are a few  themes for the main characters, just like in the original.  There are also  a few nods to the past, rather tastefully placed if you ask me.  And  complaints about the ending??  There are still two movies yet to come,  people!  Including the darkest chapter of them all (Episode III).  So let's  all just relax.  Watch the movie...have a great time...escape for a little  while.  THEN go back and listen to this soundtrack again.  I bet you you'll  be humming all these tunes for years to come in anticipation of the music  we have yet to hear for the next two movies.  It's Star Wars for crying out  loud!!!  It's GREAT!!!
630508999X|4.0|Yes, it is true the original had a great story and the second is basically a rehash. But to those who say the ending is lame,sure it isn't as good as SCREAM, but inventive in it's own definitive right. Anyone out there wonder  why no one was gutted this time 'round.
6303394000|5.0|watching a man put all of his foibles and talent on the screen is a rare event. this film is a paen to all the artists whose talent and self destructiveness took them from us. fosse was a special man and those that  followed his career can learn from his excesses and brilliance
B00000IQMT|5.0|Primero quiero decir, que no me sorprende en absoluto, John ha demostrado que es el mejor y que no hay nadie que pueda substituirle en la saga galactica. Coincido con todos mis colegas de Listasonora en que John ha  variado y ha compuesto temas nuevos sin olvidar por completo acordes  anteriores de la saga. John si alguna vez puedes leer esto. I LOVE  YOU.<br />Pd: Cuando vendrás a España de gira.
B000002534|5.0|This album contains some of Santana's best sonic and percussive work.  The song, Promise of the Fisherman illustrates the lyrical qualities of Santana's guitar playing at its best.
0451191153|5.0|The best book I have read in my young life is the Fountainhead.  I don't have to be anyone's hero but my own.  All of you out there who hate this book can go wallow in your own guilt.  I've decided to be free.  Get out of  my way, I can do anything.
1563523302|3.0|This book is interesting in that it points out that most truly weathy people are those that saved their money.  But to what purpose?  They seem to promote saving money only to give it to follow on generations.  What a  waste of life!  The best example of this was one millionaire they talked to  who said that he wanted his children to &quot;have a better life.&quot;   Presumably they will if they do with his money what he did not do: spend  it.
B00000IL1K|5.0|You know how you get sick of the radio, hearing the same songs over and over? Plug in this cd, and i promise, you'll love it.
B000002LPD|5.0|This is one that really stands out for me in the Van Halen collection. I contains some of the best guitar work by Eddie and great vocals by Sammy. I think it's one of Van Halen's best cd's that they ever made with Sammy.  Lots of energy and work defenitely went into making this album how great it  is now.
6305358567|1.0|What a wretch of a film.  <br />So many historical errors one stopped counting and just gave up -- pummelled by the general awfulness of the script.<br />In short, &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is just another cynical attempt  by film producers (with an eye to protecting their big investments) to  pander to a mid-range audience they consider to be ill-educated thickos who  will just be dazzled by pretty costumes and go home very pleased with  themselves over their venture into 'history'.<br />Considering how well  &quot;Elizabeth&quot; has done -- one assumes the film producers must be  right.
B000002MTR|5.0|I have to give Red Hot Chili Peppers a lot of credit for this one. They put a lot of time into making sound so good.
B000002GD9|4.0|This, the first  album produced by the five member band alone, is a nice blending of pop and soft rock. The standouts are &quot;From Now On&quot; and &quot;Give a Little Bit&quot;, though songs like &quot;Even in the  Quietest Moments&quot; and &quot;Babaji&quot; are good too. A good, fun,  though unsatisfying journey. Every song is over four minutes long.<br />Oh, by  the way, did you know that the piano on the mountain (on the cover) is not  an illustration?
0684803356|5.0|For Whom the Bell Tolls is the story of an American teacher who feels compelled to join the leftist cause during the Spanish Civil War. At the moment when the world was beginning it's plunge into cynicism (where it  remains) Hemingway creates a Romantic hero in the world's last great  Romantic movement. Jordan is very human and very real. He believes in the  cause for which he fights even though he suspects his side may well lose  the struggle. Pablo and Pilar are memorable characters. Pablo has let fear  get the better of him. Pilar is one of the strongest women in 20th century  literature. Hemingway takes all to a satisfying destination. This work is a  must read for all those who believe that one should not struggle for  anything which will not benefit the self. Jordan went to Spain to fight an  evil, powerful and unjust force. He believed the world COULD be changed for  the better.
6305144176|5.0|Robin Williams is always a good laugh and this film is no exception
0380973464|5.0|This is a monster book- almost a 1,000 pages but I couldn't put it down!  It's a post-cyberpunk, Clive Cussler/Tom Clancy action adventure.  It skips from WWII crypto plots to modern day darwinian business dealings,  culminating in a climatic treasure hunt!  This is Stephenson's best yet-  Snow Crash was brilliant for it's pure vision but it was like reading an  MTV video- Diamond Age refined the vision and Stephenson's skill as a  writer improved- but Cryptonomicon puts the whole package together!
0790739909|5.0|I admit I saw this film a little late, but now I'm about to buy it so that I can watch over and over again. One of the sweetest films I've seen, a fantastic cast, great soundtrack and brilliant direction. Seen it twice and  still haven't gotten over it, I don't think I want to. I really do wish I  could fall in love like that, over and over again. Well, theres a first for  everything. NOT TO BE MISSED AND WORTH EVERY STAR.
0375707972|2.0|Even more surprising than how boring this book was is the fact that some people actually loved it.  It had absolutely no depth or insight as to motivation, character, or more importantly, the gravity of the holocaust.   I'll never forget the glorious moment I finished it.  Keep to talk shows,  Oprah.
1573225517|2.0|I finished reading the book a week ago... frankly I can't even remember most of the characters' names.  I decided to pick up this book when a friend of mine gave it a glowing recommendation, and must admit I was very  disappointed. I thought Rob was pretty lame... and yes, he was just wasting  away in the record store.  Laura was no better... sounded almost  emasculating, and for that, I felt sorry for Rob.  The best part of the  book was the music theme running throughout... yes, songs can evoke serious  memories and strong emotions just by hearing a few bars, but tell this guy  Rob, and the other two cronies who work at the store with him to wake up  and smell the coffee.  Rob's efforts to get in touch with all his  ex-girlfriends who dumped him, including his first girlfriend from grade  school or junior high, was the epitome of immaturity. I didn't warm up to  this book at all, and wanted to finish it to see if perhaps there was some  redeeming feature at the end.  Sorry to say there wasn't any! Boo hiss!
0792833686|5.0|Great music, great laughs, great dancing. What more could you ask for
B0000062GE|5.0|This CD is the must get CD! I think the song  &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot; is the best on the CD, but most of all the rest of the songs are awsome too! Like &quot;Hauntinng Me&quot;! I would have to say I would give this a  rating of 1,000 stars if I could! This is definetly a:~~~ MUST GET CD FROM  STABBING WESTWARD!!!!<br />E-Mail me at AmeriJan@MSN.com put Scott in the  Subject!
0767835107|4.0|Cruel Intentions is a great movie. It's very funny, tragic and sometimes thrilling. The ending needs a bit of tweaking and it was actually kind of disappointing but it picked up the pace with that excellent epilogue. When  it was intense, it was intense. Probably the sexiest movie of the year.  Great music too. Lots of fun when it was but it did slow down a bit after  the 2nd half. Still check it out.
B000001FTQ|4.0|This is very much worth getting if you're a major  fan of 80's U2. &quot;Bad&quot; is magnificent live,  the live ASOH is exhilarating and moving like the original but in a somewhat different way, and  &quot;Sunrises&quot; and &quot;Love Comes Tumbling&quot; are two lovely  songs which should maybe have been on The Unforgettable Fire instead of  &quot;4th of July&quot; and &quot;Elvis Presley.&quot; LCT is especially  moving, with one of Bono's finest vocals.
0790740443|4.0|I thought this was an OK developement of a short story scifi idea.  Kurt Russel didn't have to work his way through sonnets (which seems to be the main critism) he played the part to fit the role perfectly.  I think if you  look at this as a story, rather than a vehicle for actors, it's really very  good.
6305291500|4.0|This is a good movie and the DVD presentation is decent.  There are no extras, besides the trailer, but I think that it is worth the price.<br />The main reason that I bought it and that I think it deserves one star above  the middle-of-the-road (3) is that there are TONS of guy movies out,  including Terminators, DieHards, SciFi movies, etc. - and not enough movies  for the guys' wives. This is a movie that my wife and I could both watch  together without her getting the  &quot;I-watched-your-movie-now-you-owe-me&quot; attitude after.<br />If you  want a good DVD to help you feel less guilty for having 20 movies for every  one of your wife's, get this one.<br />Jeremy
6304106017|5.0|I though the movie was great.The special effects were great.Not only that,but the story had a brain.And George Clooney was sooo tough and cool while Tarintino was paranoid,and in a way dorky,but hey,he wrote the story  and probabley that was his intention.And I got to give props to Robert  Rodriquez for the GREAT directing.
6305161879|4.0|I love the movie &quot;A Fish Called Wanda&quot;.  It is one of my all time favorite movies.  If you haven't seen it, go rent/buy it - there is no better time to see it, now that it is on DVD!<br />Therefore, this is a review  of the DVD - not the movie.  The DVD has a very good presentation of the  movie - the best you can watch at home (as mentioned above).  However, the  sound is lacking - dull mono.  Maybe this movie was originally recorded in  mono, but I would be surprised.<br />Next there is the lack of extras - you  get the trailer and &quot;cast notes&quot; but virtually nothing else...   just a dumb fish screen saver.<br />I don't mean to be so down on this DVD, it  isn't terrible, it is just a disappointment to think of all of the  unrealized potential.  First of all, there is the sound.  Then, there was  no behind the scenes featurette, no comentaries, no deleted scenes,  nothing.  With Kline, Cleese, Palin and Curtis in the cast, there could  have been all kinds of killer extras.  But there wasn't...<br />At this point  I would give this DVD 3 stars.  However, it earns an extra star because MGM  bowed to pressure and put it out in Widescreen.  They originally planned on  P&amp;S only.<br />So thanks a lot, MGM, but now get busy on a  &quot;Collectors Edition&quot;.<br />Jeremy
630197767X|5.0|Perhaps one of the Greatest motion pictures of all time...This movie can make anyone alive have some hope...This movie was about Love and Desire and determination...No movies nowadays have so much positive emotion...ROCKY  will always be a True Cinderela Story...It's how it helped me continue my  Boxing Career..Take Care and Buy This Movie...God Bless...
0783225733|5.0|If you read all of the other reviews, you know how great this movie is.<br />So, why do you need the DVD?  Put simply, this is the best DVD ever created.  It has a wonderful, anamorphic picture, amazing surround sound,  TONS OF EXTRAS - including 2 commentary tracks that explore the movie from  two different points of view - etc., etc., etc....<br />If this was the only  DVD movie you could ever see or own, the cost of the player would still be  worth it!<br />Jeremy
B000002C1X|4.0|It really irritates me when people say that this is Pink Floyd's best album.  It's not.  Don't get me wrong, there is some very good songs on it such as Comfortably Numb and Another Brick in the wall 2 but it is not as  strong all the way through as some of their other albums.  There are just  too many drab songs and Water's moaning and complaining gets old.  I think  it could have been alot better if Waters would have let some of the other  band members do more of the writing.  Pink Floyd was always at their best  when they every member of the band was envolved in the writing.  Albums  like Wish You Were Here come to mind.  Every member was envolved in the  writing and the result was a far superior album.  So if you're new to the  band buy Wish You Were Here or Dark Side of the Moon first.
0783225970|3.0|I guess that I am going to disagree with everyone else who reviewed the movie. This movie was NOT THAT GOOD. I guess that if I had seen this movie when it first came out, I might think of it as a &quot;classic&quot;. Also,  at that time, I wouldn't have been comparing it to Pacino's performances in  Carlito's Way, Donnie Brasco and Scent Of A Woman.  However, since I DID  see how great Pacino could be in those other movies first, Scarface just  seemed overly long, contrived and - in the end - just plain stupid.<br />I  know that I won't change any of your minds, but maybe someone who has read  all of your rave reviews will read mine and think twice before plunking  down the cash to see &quot;Pacino's greatest performance ever&quot;.  Get  the other movies I mentioned first.<br />I would be giving this movie 2 stars,  but I DO really like Pacino's accent in this movie - so he gets another  star.<br />Jeremy
B00000IBRX|5.0|I left this movie with eyes swollen by tears but a smile on my face. The scenes in heaven were absolutely breathtaking. The scenes in hell scary enough to make you want to change your life around.Everybody should know a  love like portrayed in this movie.
6305363668|5.0|I'm not getting into the argument about which version is better. It seems there's a lot of emotion flying about but suffice to say that each to his own, and as long as you enjoy it.<br />I think this movie is based on a novel  by Stanley Kubrick (I think??? Correct me if wrong!) called 'Do androids  dream electric dreams' (another book I've never got round to reading).<br />In  terms of casting, this film about did it perfect. Harrison Ford was,  naturally, the choice for the cop, with Rutger Hauer providing the  performance of his life. Each of the other androids are played beautifully,  especially Darryl Hannah's unusually cast role as a sex droid, capable of  breaking a mans head between her thighs.<br />The music is almost definately a  classic - it drifts along catching the ear, slightly permeating the feel of  the city, it's rough streets awash with grime.<br />There are several classic  scenes in this movie; the snake womans (painful) demise (who'd of thought  death could appear so disgusting and beautiful, yet its a robot...), 'Time  to Die', the final moments for Ford and his new lover.<br />I think you'll be  hard pushed to find anything close to this in it's genre, and for me  personally it rates in my top ten favourites (somewhere). Buy it, watch it,  love it.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|THIS CD IS THE BOMB!!! I'M ONLY 12 YEARS OLD BUT I STILL LOVE HIS MUSIC. VOODOO CHILD[SLIGHT RETURN] IS THE BEST SONG I THINK EVER MADE IN THE HISTORY OF ROCK. IF I HAD ONE CD TO BUY IT WOULD BE THIS ONE. SO CARRY ON  HENDRIX OR I'LL COME AND GET YA!!!!!!!!
6302814782|5.0|Okay, it's a teen flick. It's manufactured to sell (young hunks, beautiful women, weird humour, vampires!) but it's still good. There isn't a lot to say about this one. I think you have to watch it to appreciate it, and it's  definately aimed at the younger generation (cue 500 e-mails from over 40's  telling me that I'm being ageist). Best soundtrack as well...wish it  included the Run DMC / Aerosmith song played by the punks at the campfire  (remember them? they were the fireside meal for the vampire gang). Get this  movie and you'll fight to keep it out of your VCR.
0790705141|4.0|I've just done a review for Blade Runner and said it was from a book written by Stanley Kubrick...whoops.<br />Anyhow. The Shining. I do like this film. I think it scared me sensless first time I watched it, so top marks  for that. Duvall and Nicholson play so well, both human characters with  their flaws (okay, Jack's a bit more flawed than most). It really drags you  in, the entire claustrophobia of it all, spun against a background of snow  and ice (archetypal good things).<br />I drop it a star purely from  beligerance against the novel adaptation. You cannot enjoy King films once  you've read the books - or at least not to the same extent. Try it if you  haven't - you'll be pleasantly surprised.<br />Oh yeah - one more thing. I  can't watch the 'Here's Jack' bit anymore without seeing Homer Simpson  fluff it three times in 'The Simpsons' version of this - 'The Shinning'  (Quote Bart 'Don't you mean Shining'? Willie: 'Shhh! Do you want the  coprighters to hear you? If your in trouble, just call me with that shin of  yours...')
6303212379|5.0|Oh I do like this film. I haven't seen it in a few years now (being 24, most people laugh when I mention this as a fave movie), but I still remember some of the lines. I always wondered what it would be like to have  these sort of adventures, and this film encapsulated this for me as a  child. I don't know if it still has appeal for kids (I'm waiting til my  nephew is old enough before I buy it for me...er, him) but I'm willing to  bet that it still has appeal for a lot of young adults who remember it  first time around. Buy it for nostalgia, buy it for a kid, but buy it  because you know that you wanted to be on those waterslides, in the ship,  in that gang...
6305076464|4.0|Okay, I know I've only given it four stars. You see, it's not that I don't like Fawlty Towers. I agree, it's a rare comedy that survives so long, and is still funny. It's just that I've seen these all so many times now, that  it's kind of like looking at a photo of a favourite place.<br />You see a  clip, you know the episode instantly, you know the jokes instantly. If you  watch the episode, you know what will happen. Yes, it is funny. Yes, there  are episodes that I'll watch again, but there are still moments that I'll  hit the fast forward on, there are still scenes which I find embarrasing  (for some reason).<br />This means that the entire series collection becomes  more of a monument than a watchable purchase. It is a classic. I don't know  of a series that ended just at the right time like this did, that retains  its charm even now. I do sing its praises...it's just that I can't watch  them like I used to.
0792151712|4.0|Wow. What a lot of anger against Titanic! I thought I'd add my two pennies worth (such as it is) to the entire broiling pot!!!<br />Titanic is not the best movie of all time. I do like it though, and I think it is best watched  in the cinema. I think most of us have seen it by now, so this review  serves little more than the opportunity for me to post my opinion amongst  the others.<br />A lot of criticism went onto the lead actors of this movie.  Okay, Leonardo was hired for his looks, Kate for her 'classic English rose'  (if only you all knew how much that term is abused) and the supporting cast  for their ability to drown well.<br />It doesn't detract from the entire feel.  It is always tricky filming a work of fiction based on reality, especially  so recent an event. For me, it really brought home what it must have been  like on that ship, how much anguish there must have been. I (macho male  that I am) shed a tear at the final moments; the old couple in bed, the  musicians, the mother tucking her children in with a prayer.<br />The rest of  the plot tries to add all the common elements from all other films to make  this the business. It does work (though not all the time). I did get a bit  fed up with the Billy Zane thing - how obvious is it she won't touch you?  Typical villain...<br />Anywho...I'll stop now before I go off on one.  Enjoyable movie, buy it if you love it, borrow it to see it, don't watch if  you're feeling a bit anti Hollywood...
6305076650|5.0|Yes, it's one of those. As far back as people can remember, there is always that film which you'll either rant on about for years or never speak of again. Welcome to the Horror Show. Richard O'Brien wrote this as a  pastiche of all the science fiction and horror movies of the time. This  shows through in the opening song through to the 'King Kong' esque ending -  with Rocky climbing the RCA tower. The acting is never intended to be  serious. Indeed, Tim Curry hams it up to such a degree that each gesture  can be a joy to watch...or a pain to behold. I fall into the former. I love  the entire feel of this movie, and the songs I still find myself singing  along to in the shower. For those of you interested, we English still  occasionally enjoy Richard O'Brien as the first presenter of the absolutely  bizzare &quot;Crystal Maze&quot;, and one of the dancers is a (once)  beloved Christopher Biggins - famous for being weird. Even more strange,  Richard O'Briens succesor in the &quot;Crystal Maze&quot;, Ed Tudor-Pole,  played Frankenfurter for many years in a succesful run of the show. I had  to struggle to give this five stars. Not because I think it doesn't deserve  it, but because many people won't enjoy this, and I seriously think that it  should be watched before buying it. This film doesn't deserve to be taped  over with the latest series of 'Friends'.
B00000I8DY|5.0|For those who bought Rene Jacobs glorious recordings of Cavalli' s La Calisto and Caldara' s La Maddalena ai piedi di Cristo, this recording will be no surprise, for it is obvious that this Belgian artist is one of the  finest conductors around. And his way with Mozart is just as winning, he  makes us hear new things and have us on the tip of our toes. His cast is  excellent, headed by Veronique Gens sounding better than ever, here surely  is one of the great Mozart sopranos of the XXI Century. Everybody else is  great in this recording, but if that were not enough, the nice people of  Harmonia Mundi include a CD-ROM that is a marvel in itself. You just won' t  believe all the information that is included, this is a must for anyone  interested in this opera. Do please buy this recording, made by people who  really love Mozart for people who really love Mozart.
0380973464|2.0|This over-hyped genre piece will no doubt appeal to net heads and cyberrats, who have no knowledge of literature and it's antecedents, save Tom Clancy and his ilk, and could care less. Comparisons to Gravity's  Rainbow may make good copy, but the idea is laughable and absurd.  Pynchon  is a serious artist and novelist.  Stephenson is a word-drunk, abeit  clever, pretender.  True art should teach, not simply flaunt itself on the  back of the latest &quot;hot-button&quot; techno-craze.  Unfortunately, a  serious waste of time and space.  Relentlessly unoriginal.
B00000255F|5.0|One of the best albums of all-time.  A must have for anyone who likes music.
6301971582|3.0|All hail Jenny Agutter, for she is god. Well, I know it's not the normal way to start a review, but I've been a fan of Ms Agutter for many a year, and it was her presence which drove me to seek out this classic sci-fi  flick.<br />The special effects fall a bit short of Star Wars (released less  than a year later), and the budget was presumably wasted on the overgrown  Washington DC, but the entire feel is of a possible future;  a place that  could exist...but probably won't.<br />The hook to this film is the 30's  sentence, and this in itself adds an interest to the entire movie. However,  the plot does seem a bit bizarre on occasions (the kooky robot, for  example), and you do find yourself nodding off towards the end when he  finally escapes.<br />I think it was a very difficult story to end  satisfactorally, and it tries its best, but you are left feeling slightly  let down, as if 'Was that it?' is hanging in the air.<br />All in all, I'd  recommend buying the far more dazzling 'Twelve Monkeys' for a good  futuristic holocaust pic, or try the book 'Chrysalids' by John Wyndham as  another alternative (similair kooky ending, but carried off better in  text). Do watch this film, though, because it is worth it for the  originality factor alone.<br />One more thing...buy it for someones 30th.  They'll love it.
0380973464|5.0|I just completed reading this amazing novel. I just couldn't put it down! This is Stephenson at his finest yet, and without a doubt this will be a book talked about for quite a while to come. Very strongly recommended!
6304466498|2.0|I don't like this film. There. I've said it. Come and beat me up. Tell me I'm a moron, I don't care. Y'see, I do have a sense of humour, it's just different to yours.<br />Spaceballs is all the slapstick parody jokes humanely  possible rolled into one film. It is funny (on occasion), it's just you  could do this as a series of sketches on a comedy show rather than as a  film.<br />I'll give you a couple of examples from England. French and  Saunders. Silence of the Lambs done as a parody of their own careers (very  bizarre). 15 minutes top, split into 5 minute chunks. Absolutely  hilarious.<br />Adam &amp; Joe (obscure comedy show). Seven done with dolls  and cuddly tolls. The head in the box scene has to be seen to be believed.  10 minutes top, absolutely hilarious.<br />Now we come to Spaceballs.  Stretched to it's limits in terms of time, the jokes fall down more often  than not, and although there are some truly funny scenes, I wanted it to be  a 20 minute film, not over an hour.<br />Buy this if you love the humour. I'm  sure you will anyway. But PLEASE watch it before buying. I'd hate to see  yet another copy at the car boot sales.
B00000IFWE|4.0|In a recent interview, Tom Petty said that this was not an &quot;I got divorced&quot; album. I'm not too sure I believe that as this is an epically sad compilation. In the past, he has been angry at loss, or  sarcastic about it, or even momentarily frightened. In the songs contained  in this album he seems to have been existentially scarred by whatever  happened. Within the context of the album even the &quot;I'm OK&quot; and  the story songs sound like he's trying really hard to convince both us and  himself.<br />He is still a great rock and roller, and I really enjoy his  music. I love the almost tragic songs on this album but I still like to  hear him kick the doors down every now and then. Think I'll go pop  &quot;Long After Dark&quot; in the stereo.
078322172X|5.0|Well, what can I say?<br />This film has to be watched to be believed. The lead character (played by Willis) leads you on a journey that eventually questions even your own sanity as it twists and turns. How can he be from  the future? Is time travel impossible? Is he insane?<br />You are kept  guessing even to the end, and are then shocked to discover the terrible  truth about his nightmares as a child...<br />I for one would recommend this  film purely on the journey it leads you on, backed by the nightmarish  landscapes and the eventual feeling of claustrophobia. Who would have  thought that the future could be so bleak? Yet...<br />Time travel is always a  difficult subject in films. If you are to believe the subject, it brings  the film all the more closely into your imagination. And to actually see  that time travel, even if it is real, cannot change time (which is very  confusing in itself) is an amazing yet horrific trip.<br />The only comment is  that although the final scene 'I'm in insurance' gives you hope, it does  feel slightly tacked on by Hollywood, and you hope that despite this, the  future is still assured (no matter how it turns out) - mainly because it  disagrees with the entirely plausible script up to that point.<br />I hope  I've not given too much away if you don't know the film. It's worth buying  - you'll watch it again and again.
6304039506|5.0|For those who know Marlon Brando only from his recent fiascos, such as The Island Of Dr. Moreau, it might be hard to believe that not only was he the greatest actor of his generation, but his acting set the standard and style  for many of his contemporaries and most of those who followed over the next  10-20 years.  Take a look at Streetcar (and, while you're at it, his Terry  Malloy in On The Waterfront), and there can be no question of his  greatness.  But what is most amazing is that, while this is one of the  greatest performances in the history of cinema, it does not overshadow the  other three leading performances.  In fact, Vivien Leigh's Blanche du Bois  is also arguably one of the greatest performances ever captured on screen,  and Karl Malden and Kim Stanely are just as perfect in their supporting  roles.  Elia Kazan was always an actor's director, and this was never more  apparent than in this film. Even the censors could not dilute the power of  Tennessee Williams' play (as they would a few years later with the  adaptation of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof), but it will always be the acting that  will keep the viewer mezmerized.
6304509170|4.0|Back in the good old days of Beta-Max, I used to own this video and watch it on a fairly regular basis. Now I own a VHS (and my Beta has died), and I lost Scanners.<br />Last year, I managed to get a copy of it, and sat back to  watch it again. I was genuinely surprised - not because I'd forgotten what  happens, but because it has aged. This is not to say it is any worse - it's  still all the film it used to be...but you'll see the early eighties  written all over this film, down to the clothes and the special  effects.<br />Okay...I'm putting people off now. It's not bad! The film still  has a first rate plot. The acting is still impeccable. I'm still confused  as to exactly what the end means, but there you go.<br />Buy this film and  watch it. You will enjoy, and you may agree with me. hopefully, some up and  coming director will get a copy, and decide that this is a movie that can  be remade for now. Hopefully, he'll actually speak to Cronenberg and get  his input. When he does, I'll be first in the queue at the cinema.
B00000ILBK|5.0|I myself have been a Star Trek fan all of my life: old Trek, Next-Gen, DS-9, and the movies.  This is one movie that my non-Trekker friends actually went out of their way to see.  All around, a most excellent movie,  though not the best in the movie series.  As I mentioned above, it is  certainly the best of the odd-numbered movies-- if one were to put the Trek  movies in order from best to worst, the even-numbered ones would be at the  top of the list, and so would this one.
6305365121|4.0|This film was critisised right from the start for being a long TV episode. To be honest, I don't care. Rather than the majority of Star Trek movies, which have a 'universe - threatening' feel, this kept it simple and  enjoyable.<br />First Contact was a better film, it has to be said, but this  does not make this any less of a film than it was.<br />True Star Trek fans  will, of course, snap this film up. The general public will like it because  of the TV episode feel, and all over it's only sufferance will be the  complaints that it could have been shorter (hence a TV episode). I  disagree. The film was enjoyable from start to finish, and has added to the  rapidly improving quality of the ST film series.<br />I won't be buying the  video. But I'm going to catch it on rental, and also when it's on TV. Good  fun for all the family (except the plastic surgery bits) - especially Troi  and Riker getting a bit hot under the collar...
6305171769|4.0|Hopefully, H20 will be the absolute final curtain for Michael Myers and the &quot;Halloween&quot; saga.  This installment takes second place behind H1 and H2 (tied for the very best in the series) since it's the only  &quot;Halloween&quot; sequel to have the closest continuity with the  original characters (excluding H3, an entirely distinctive film in the  series).  My only wish after seeing H20 is that H4, H5, and most definitely  H6 should have been scrapped from the Michael stories so that Laurie's  daughter Jaime and the silly religious cult could not damper the interim  between H2 and H20.  Also (as much as I hate to admit it), having Dr.  Loomis perish in the ER inferno at H2's conclusion would have brought him  justice instead of excessive, predictable pursuits of his most-feared  patient.  If those things were accomplished, one would end up with a  well-balanced horror trilogy with decent continuity and plausible plot  elements.  But alas, this blasphemous wish will never come true, so I'll  digress.<br />H20 was about a 60/40 horror film: 60% chilling and 40% majorly  trite teenage sex, drugs, and slayings (seemed to precisely fit  &quot;Scream's&quot; three derranged canons for all horror flicks). Also, L.L. Cool J. gets an &quot;E&quot; for effort for his somewhat underdeveloped character.  Finally, the score could have been tremendously remedied by John Carpenter and Alan Howarth'ssynthesizer knack.<br />If I could give H20 3.5 stars at Amazon, it would be  more accurate of how I feel about this sequel.  Fortunately, I'll be a  philanthropist to Michael just this once!
6300183971|4.0|I have an admission: I have never read the book. I picked up a copy a few years back and I gave it a shot, but the thing confused the hell out of me, and I gave up in disgust with myself for not coping with it. I then watched  the film.<br />This, I thought, is better. Yes, it's complicated. Yes, I need  to watch it three times to figure out what is going on. But you know what?  If you have the perserverance, you'll find yourself down the pub after  several 'small' drinks pretending to blow away the landlord by pointing at  him and shouting 'mordeeb'. Great fun. My landlord now prefers it if I stay  outside.<br />I'm probably never going to read the book. I'll probably try  again, but this film has made the thing accesible (so I don't have to). MTV  generation, eat your hearts out.<br />Final recommendation: buy it, watch it,  watch it, watch it. Then bug the hell out of your friends by forcing them  to watch it. They'll never speak to you of it again. Oh, and my dad calls  it Duane.
0823016285|5.0|I've been a professional painter for years, and am now studying book illustration.  Gary Faigin's book is fascinating, informative, incredibly instructive, and in short, possibly the best book I've ever bought on any  topic.  Is he planning on writing The Artist's Complete Guide to anything  else?
B00000IQMT|3.0|When listening to Duel of the Fates, I often have to check and make sure that I haven't popped in a CD from the Indiana Jones Trilogy.  Modern movie music, much like movies themselves, may be devoid of innovative and  creative energies (opting instead for proven (read:stale) products), but in  a moment of supreme irony, Williams cribs off himself.  Don't get me wrong,  I love Star Wars, and this album is not &quot;bad,&quot; it just lacks  inspiration.  Its five parts Star Wars, four parts Raiders/Temple of Doom,  and two parts Danny Elfman.  Also, there is a huge spoiler among the song  titles (not an unexpected plot element, but still...)
0684867621|2.0|I think this book should have been marketed or labeled to the correct readers, 15 and under.  This was pretty tame, pretty lame and just plain boring.
B000001DTM|5.0|A dear friend of mine introduced me to this album.  From the very first chord on track 1, I was hooked.  I have been a U2 fan-atic ever since.  I now own all their cd's and most of their imports.  Every single song on the  disc is nothing short of perfection.  It hooks you in, and does not let go  until the very last chord.  It makes you cry and smile at the same time.   Bono's voice has never sounded better, and the almighty Edge's guitar  rhythims never sounded so perfect.  Try this guys.  You will not be  disappointed. This is the greates album of all time.  Timeless.  Thank you  Bono, Edge, Adam, Larry.  You will always be number &quot;One&quot; in my  book.  Other bands pale in comparison<br />Diatribe over, thank you very much.  (Gosh I can get carried away).
B000002IZ4|5.0|Easily the best CD i own or have ever heard.  This  CD does not have a bad song on it. If you like alternative music at all, this CD is what you need to buy. I am a huge STP fan, and this is their best CD. I am very excited  for their new CD coming this summer. EVERYONE BUY IT!!!!!
0800141326|2.0|What happened here? We were hyped into thinking it'd be a psychotic pyros-laden joyride, and it turned out to be a rain-soaked hunt for a pregnant iguana who's never shown totally in one shot! The acting isn't a  huge improvement over the Japanese dubs, the plot is the same as all the  radioactive monster on the loose films, and the monster itself is never  seen clearly because of all the rain (clever trick since the monster looks  so dumb, with its gangly arms and Leno-size chin.) The monster itself is a  wimp compared to the old Godzilla, who would have eaten NYC for breakfast  and shrugged off the volley of missiles that ended up doing the  iguanasaurus in. The FX were pretty good, although you could tell they were  CG. Not as good as the Japanese outings.
B0000047EC|3.0|There is no question that Metheny and Haden make beautiful music together; but except for a few cuts (especially the last one, &quot;Spiritual&quot;) I find the beauty skin deep, lacking passion. The music for the most part  is forgettable.
1885283148|5.0|Having read all that I could get my hands on, this the by far the best of the astronaut autobiographies.  Amazingly, it was actually written by the astronaut.  A thoroughly human story.
0792837916|5.0|This movie may not be for everyone but it wouldn't be fun if it was.  Elmore Leonard fans will love this one.  Leonard's trademark twists, turns and drop-dead dialogue are present, accompanied, of course, by some  colourful characters; a miami gangster, a South American drug lord, a west  coast drug kingpin-slash-limo driver and a shylock-turned-movie producer.  Check it out.
0385493800|3.0|I bought this book the old fashioned way (in a book store).  I hesitated to buy it (for only a brief moment) based on the preview on the book jacket, but being an avid reader of Grisham, I couldn't pass it up.  Wow!  the book is so much better than the preview might lead one to believe! I'm  impressed that Grisham can still come up with unique story lines in unique  parts of the world.  The ending pleasingly caught me off guard as well.
0767802659|1.0|Just when you thought that ShowGirls was the lowest the industry could ever sink, Verhoeven pulls something even worse out of his.....pocket.  I am fed up with directors who believe they can ignore everything that makes  a movie worth watching so long as they feed us mindless special effects,  skin, and gore.  Every no-talent actor in this movie needs to go back to  the 90210 set they walked off of.  And who is the idiot who cast Doogie  Howser as a secret intelligence agent.  The only thing entertaining about  this piece of garbage was that the plot, characters and setting were so  stupid it was all FUNNY.  I would pay real money to see this thing spoofed  on Mystery Science Theater 3000.
0385484518|5.0|Believe me that I'm really moved by Morrie's greatest lesson to all of us. I was really lucky able to get this book from the US and when I've read it, I never let it down until I finished with the classes.<br />Tuesdays with  Morrie already declares love is the most rational thing and bide with the  care, the trust and the relation, our lives can be much a better place to  live. Morrie taught us to accept death as living and not a disease, because  through him I've understand one of his greatest quote, You'll learn to live  when you learn to die. I've met no one so true and able to show us the real  meaning of life.<br />The book covers on every aspect from family to regrests  and finally aging then dying, Morrie shown us that satisfaction with life  is very important and able to go on, live on is the best gift you can ever  receive.
068815333X|5.0|The fifth in the Kenzie/Gennaro series has everything you've come to expect from Lehane: hard-boiled action, great dialogue and characters and a deep emotional core.<br />I cannot say enough good things about Lehane. Search  out all his books now.
B00000DF6O|5.0|Just plain fantastic. This thing will knock your socks off, from the drive of &quot;Bad Case of Love&quot; to the plaintive &quot;Blues Man.&quot; B.B. has outdone himself this time-- he wrote all the songs, he and Lucille  performed them perfectly. Most important, this is the first album he  produced himself-- and the recording quality is superb. You've never heard  B.B. King (or his great band) like this. Buy it. Change your life.
B000001DYD|3.0|I like this CD. I don't listen to it often, but the violin-pumped Man-Size is the weirdest, most frightening track I've ever listened to all the way through. PJ's got guts and I like her! But you have to be in the mood.
B000000OAN|5.0|This is where I started back in 1975 with Queen (on an album and have upgrated to CD).  I became addicted - and fast!  From Death on Two Legs to '39 to Love of My Life --- What a Voice!!  This was a great place for me to  start with Queen and I kept going, and going, and going. . .  I definitely  recommend it.  Go beyond Bohemian Rapsody and listen to Freddie at work.   His live shows were beyond any concert I have ever attended!  He is greatly  missed by his fans!
6304595247|5.0|This film is MUCH BETTER than William Wyler's awful adaptation.  It's the whole story, and remains faithful to the spirit of the book.  The acting is excellent, the music is incredible, and the costumes are wonderful--notice  how the styles change over 18 years.  This is a wonderful movie!  I can't  say that enough.
B00000IQV6|5.0|i LIKE THIS MOVIE BECAUSE IT HAD MIXED EMOTINS THE LAUGHING STAGE AND THE CRYING STAGE. i AM GONNA PURCASE IT WHEN IT COME OUT ONLY DVD
6304297912|4.0|Mind provoking, startling, the type of movie you cover your eyes during, but still peek through your fingers because you don't want to miss it.  McGregor is extraordinary, Bremmer is charming.
B000000OU0|5.0|I listen to this CD nonstop, everysong is excellent, there is not one lousy song.  And for not singing together for awhile, they sound great live.
1573225517|4.0|Although one of the funniest books I have ever read, High Fidelity's nakedly honest excursion into the psyche of modern man confirms everything I have suspected about the way men think and operate. I wanted to be wrong  about my suspicions, but Hornby has convinced me that I have been dead on  point since my first date.
B000001E3V|3.0|Think of this album as a compliment to the IN CONCERT album.  The original version of WHY DOES LOVE... is replaced by an inferior version on the enhanced set (the solo on the original is a personal favorite) and a lot of  the material does not overlap.  My suggestion - buy the original first,  pick this up if you are a Clapton completist.
6303443214|3.0|This movie is still on my top 10 list of favorite vampire movies, but it pales in comparison to the book.  Once I read the book, too many things didn't make sense.  Why did the director take so many liberties?  What's  wrong with making a longer movie?  This isn't a bad movie, but I beg of all  of you - PLEASE read the book!  And get someone else to play Lestat if you  do any more of the books.
0792840070|5.0|This is movie is artfully crafted and filmed. GREAT CASTING! Mickey Rourke has the rep of a bad boy but is as sexually desirable , decadent, almost insatiable as he has ever been on film. Kim Basinger is also exotically  gorgeous as Elizabeth. These two create a gem of a film not to be missed!!!
6305107122|5.0|What more could you ask for? A total pycho that can not be killed by any means known decides to kill anybody who crosses his path. John Carpenter truly is the best horror writer ever, Wes has nothing on him.
B000002UAU|2.0|Almost the entire album is mediocre and not worth a purchase. The lyrics and melodies are infantile and grating, not to mention repetitive. When I hear songs like Lovely Rita, or Good Morning, Good Morning, I cant help but  think they are best suited for kindergardeners. The one exception to the  album is &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;, one of my favorite songs of all  time. This song is brilliant beyond description or compare, and redeems  this album, making it a necessary purchase, unless you're willling to tape  that one song. Why this unbelievable mediocrity is so praised is beyond me.  When you hear it I'm sure you will agree.
B000006UNG|5.0|This album is Talk Talk's finest and all-around most accessible album -- it serves as the crossroads between their earlier new wave/pop sound and their later experimental period. Gone are the synthesizers in favor of more  acoustic, orchestral textures. &quot;Life's What You Make It&quot; and  &quot;Living in Another World&quot; are the 2 notable singles from this  album, but the rest is equally fabulous. Mark Hollis explores soft,  introspection on &quot;April 5th&quot; and &quot;Chameleon Day&quot;. The  bookend pieces, &quot;Happiness Is Easy&quot; and &quot;Time It's  Time&quot;, are among the most emotionally-charged songs in their entire  repertoire. The former is full of joyous optimism, regardless of its  religious connotations (be they negative or positive); and the latter  wavers between gentle verses and ominous church-choir vocals in the chorus,  ending with an uplifting procession of flutes that serve as the cathartic  calm-after-the-storm.<br />The later two albums, Spirit of Eden and Laughing  Stock, are nearly on par with this album, but this goes down as one of the  greatest sleepers of the 80's.
0688170528|5.0|I walked into Coliseum Books in Manhattan and saw this book in the new paperback release section.  Drawn to its beautiful cover, I picked it up, purchased it and began to read. I found this novel very moving and well  written, with well developed characters that I felt close to.  The  relationship between Chris and Emily was captured perfectly.  Although the  story of the Harte's and the Gold's is a sad one, it is one that has stayed  with me since having read it.  If this novel is truly being considered for  the big screen as stated in the author's biography, I can't wait to see  it!!!
6305335745|5.0|Based on short stories written by Stephen King,  George A. Romero (Dir. Night Of The Living Dead) has made a top-notch horror flick.  This movie will make you laugh as well as make you cringe.  King also has a role as a  backwoods hillbilly farmer.  If you are a horror buff this is a must see  classic.
B000002UDB|5.0|I know I'm alone in saying this, but i think this is the best work the Beatles ever put out. Songs like Fool on the Hill, Blue Jay Way, Flying, and Strawberry Fields Forever are to me, their best songs. Period. A must  have for any fan and significantly better than their other works, which  tend to be brilliant but highly inconsistent(especially the White Album  which is over 50% filler).
0800103661|5.0|...........How realistic this movie is. It doesn't go into a farfetched future where you say &quot;wow that would be cool, or that sucks&quot;. Sort of like Fifth Element or Judge Dredd, Those movies not only sucked but  you really did not care what happened to the characters because it was a  sci-fi movie. Gattaca is NOT like that. It takes place in a future not to  distant where everything that happens is very damn possible within the next  50-100 years. So you sit there in disbelief at how *f'd* up that future is.  I think this movie deserves to be seen by everyone with any type of  intelligence to understand where our society is going.
B000001EC1|2.0|it's a typical hits cd in the way that it excludes some gems. it's missing &quot;edge of a broken heart&quot; and &quot;she don't know me&quot; which makes it a shame but not a total, pitiful shame.
B000002C1X|5.0|There are too many blue stars, so this album must be excellent. If almost all the people liked The Wall, white stars must be wrong. The best rock opera by far. I dont regret I bought it, and I still listen it, at least  once a week since 1987.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Mr. Williams has done an wonderful job with this soundtrack. I think it was a very wise decision to start with some brand-new music than to use a lot of the old music from the other three fimls(even though it was just as  good). It is nice though to have some of the old themes mixed in with the  new songs to give it just the right touch. It was cool to hear the familiar  &quot;Darth Vader Theme&quot; mixed in with &quot;Anankin's Theme.&quot;  There was also the &quot;Empire Theme&quot; and &quot;Luke's theme&quot; in  some of the songs. &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;(my favorite) was  incredible. It was so awesome with the choir put in with the orchestra.  Another one of my favorites was &quot;Augie's Municipal Band.&quot; It's  just a fun, fun piece. The &quot;Sith Spacecraft&quot; was very good also.   It would have been nice if the &quot;End Credits&quot; ended in a  triumphant close instead of just dissapearing into nothing. It also would  have been nice if we could have had the complete soundtrack, but it was  still incredible.  If you read this, Mr. Williams, then well done.  I am  really looking forward to the next two Star Wars soundtracks.
B000002UB6|3.0|I liked this album when I heard it as a child (my stepmom played &quot;Maggie Mae&quot; for me, and I thought it was cute, although I wished they'd finished the bloody song!) The trouble with the album is that they  took a bunch of good songs and surrounded them with should-have-been  outtakes, and they did not care enough to make a cohesive 14-track album as  in years past. That having been said, the stuff on here is cool (especially  &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot;, &quot;The One After 909&quot;, &quot;Let it  Be&quot;, etc.) My favorite ad-lib is John saying &quot;That was Georgie  Wood with 'Dig It!' Now, it's ''ark, the 'erald Angels Come!'&quot; just  before the LP mix of &quot;Let it Be&quot;. I still don't see what Paul  objected to on the re-mixes of &quot;Let it Be&quot; and &quot;The Long and  Winding Road&quot;-I thought that the backgrounds were tastefully done, by  Phil Spector standards (hey, there weren't 27 guitars playing the same  backing part over 18 basses!)but I can see where Paul would have felt angry  about not being consulted on his own songs.<br />I'm curious as to why they  felt the need to release something that they themselves were so  unenthusiastic about, but I suppose they were contractually required to.  It's just a shame that they Fab Four left their music in the hands of  someone, and left him basically holding the bag, with no support from them.  But, all in all, it's a worthy addition to your Beatles collection, and I  liked it, even if no one else did.
B000002H6C|5.0|Yes, the production is thin and weak, but this album contains some of the band's most complex, interesting and above all LONG songs. Songs like the title track and &quot;Blackened&quot; show their early speed-metal style at  its peak, with all the deadly precision of a Tomahawk cruise missile, while  &quot;One&quot; and the near-instrumental &quot;To Live Is To Die&quot;  display Metallica's true songwriting genius hiding behind all the  testosterone. Definitely one of the best metal albums ever.
6304508611|5.0|Stephens Kings master thriller is on video. Sissy Spacek stars as Carrie. Carrie is a girl terrorized by her class mates. She uses her evil powers to get revenge on her classmates. She later uses her horrific powers to create  a living nightmare.
B00000I8UD|5.0|Loved Japan, loved Brilliant Trees, Secrets of the Beehive and Rain Tree Crow, and love this album !<br />I bought this cd blindly because of the credit Mr. Sylvian has managed to build up in my cd-collection. Listening  to Dead bees for the first time, only &quot;I surrender&quot; really  managed to settle comfortably in my mind. But now, after playing it over  and over again (15 times or so) I just can't get enough of the whole bloody  album. <br />Why, Mr. Sylvian, do you have to come up with such brilliant  music ? But please, do it some more!
0684867621|4.0|This is one of the best Stephen King novels I've ever read.  And who says it isn't a horror story? Trisha's mother and brother are creatures-from the Black Lagoon.  No wander she strayed from the path.  Wouldn't you?
6304806426|5.0|The English Patient ranks among the finest pieces of cinematography in modern-day film.  The scenery is breathtaking and captures the haunting isolation of desert terrain.  The music is as captivating as the storyline  because it reaches deep within the viewer's soul recreating the sense of  joy, bliss, and anguish that the characters experience within the viewer's  heart as well.  This is a story of love which exemplifies quite a few of  the many forms it can take.  The relationship between the nurse and her  english patient is touching and the romantic love between the Count and  Katherine is passionate, blistering and real.  This movie experienced  much adversity during its production by an independent film company and it  was a welcome surprise to see its recognition as Best Picture at the Oscars  two years ago where it is very unusual for an independent film to take the  top prize.<br /><br />  Personally, I have seen this film over 5 times and will  watch again in the future.  It is definitely worth owning on DVD in order  to experience the optimal conditions for viewing its gorgeous  cinematography that is so very rare in movies today.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I listen to this CD driving to and from work, often keeping the engine running for a minute or two in the parking lot to hear the end of one of these wonderful songs.  Sarah's voice and the superb arrangements are  extraordinary!  Thank you Sarah, for always elevating my mood!
6304437730|1.0|I bought this movie for my little ones and for myself to help us improve our Spanish. I was surprised at the amount of noise (loud background sound effects, yelling, etc.) and lack of actual dialogue. I have since bought  the Spanish dubbed Toy Story and it is excellent.
6304493738|5.0|Of all the Tarantino-inspired noir films of the nineties, &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; is one of the best.  The director, Bryan Singer, deftly establishes a tone of foreordained doom and he's assembled the ideal cast  to bring off some of his ideas.  Gabriel Byrne, as an ex-crooked cop trying  to go straight, conveys the right amount of weariness and resignation for a  frustrated man.  But he's equally matched by Kevin Spacey as the locquaious  narrator of the story and Chazz Palmenitari as his arrogant and brutal  interrogator. <br />The film is a particularly perserve depiction of the  failure of men to challenge destiny - five men are arrested for a crime  they didn't commit and are engineered by a mysterious crime overload -  Keyser Soze- into going on a suicide mission to destroy a boatload of  cocaine protected by dozens of armed thugs.  No matter how they try to take  control, or flee, their fates, they cannot and the film is most fascinating  when we see the noose tightening around them.  The film becomes great when  these puppets start noticing their strings - suddenly all their motives and  motivation, their braggadacio and their greed, look like pale jokes.   They're the fools in their own tragedy and they don't even realize it until  it's too late. <br />Singer's best joke - his coup de resistance - is to play  this same game on the audience - to make a mockery of our sense of knowing  (and consequently mastering) the events we watch.  Some may argue that the  ending makes the film redundant but as a demonstration of our modern sense  of powerlessness - the sense that our lives and even how we interpret them  are shaped and controlled by forces beyond our control - it's one of the  most satsifying that I've ever seen.  After thinking you've understood  everything, how shattering to discover that you haven't learned anything at  all.  Delicious.
0312084986|5.0|All Creatures Great and Small was a wonderful book.  I learned a lot about James Herriot and his life.  This book showed me all the  strength it takes to be a veterinarian.  I really reccomend this book for people who want to  learn about a great man and an exciting job!
6304696566|5.0|I first saw this movie in 1956 in a small town theater in Wisconsin.  I was nine years old and to this the day the movie has &quot;haunted&quot; me with its beauty and horror:  the color and enchantment of the monument  valley vistas juxtaposed with this sort of anti-hero of a man who would  shoot out the eyes of an already dead native American.  That scene sticks  with me like the memory of some dream I am unable to lose in my  subconscious...difficult to explain.   At nine years old I didn't  understand the word hate and prejudice etc.  Now when I view this movie, I  remember my &quot;innocence&quot; of 1956.  I remember the magic of a movie  which simply does not lose its strength over time...truly a great film!
B000002LIX|5.0|I'd agree with the other guy, the reviewer from amazon isn't listening to the music, they're looking for some quick catch tune to make a good song, they aren't paying attention to the power perry is speaking throughout  &quot;Three Days&quot; that keeps you going and wanting more when the songs  finishes.  This and all of the jane's albums are worth the money!  These  guys rock.
6301768809|5.0|This movie features great performances by Stallone, Brian Dennehy and Richard Crenna. Great story but most of all great action. You will remember this film after seeing. One of the top five action movies ever, up there  with Road Warrior, Aliens and Terminator.
0790733226|1.0|This movie purports to be about science, but it posits science as something one takes on faith. I believe that would be religion. Science is about method and empiricism. Carl Sagan rolls in his grave, as do Einstein and newton.<br />I'd sooner watch films of penile surgery.
B000002LPD|5.0|This album rocks. It's the best album with Sammy on lead vocals
B000002AZ8|5.0|This album is just plain creepy.  The title refers to life, but it's all about death.  Or at least how to make it through life, as the liner notes say, like Sisyphus, toiling with burdens Musically, it's a great and  challenging, if very raw, success of rock.  But you can't ignore its timing  and its themes:  Eddie's last words on the album are &quot;some die just to  live.&quot;  And, as one fellow reviewer pointed out, this is the part  where &quot;stupid mop&quot; makes sense, twisted and demented and  open-ended, making stange connections between love, death, and suicide, all  spoken by kids.  Confusing at the time, this may end up considered their  best, for its message and consistency, and, of course, the songs that kick  your tail through it - cordoroy, black circle, last exit, nothingman, etc.   So eddie playing the accordian on bugs was a bit of a stretch....
0316152196|5.0|Once again, another great book by Connelly -- Angels Flight.  I can't wait for his next book.  I couldn't put this one down.  And yes, I did read &quot;The Poet.&quot;  I still think this book is every bit as good.  Keep  up the good work, Michael!!  You make reading worthwhile.
B00000373U|5.0|When I saw Elliott perform in London, a member of the audience screamed out after &quot;Rose Parade&quot; - &quot;that's one of the best songs written in the last 30 years!&quot;  Elliott just kinda shrugged.  Whether  it is or not, the imagery in that song is brilliant - a spectacle of modern  life supposed to be thrilling but ultimately banal - &quot;they say its a  sight that's quite worth seeing;  it's just that everyone's interest is  stronger than mine.&quot;  Too true.  The songs/stories that surround it  are low-key, nuanced, and fresh.  Sometimes a bit nihilistic, sometimes  hopeful, all trying to escape from stasis.  One of the best of the 90s.
B00000IMYA|5.0|I would walk, no run - to the nearest store and pick this up today. Great reading material too.
0399143904|5.0|in this book Clancey Brings back the Hero at the end of Excutive Orders, John Clark and Ding Chavev, as they lead an international swat team
B00000DG1R|4.0|Basically I bought this cause &quot;A view to a kill&quot; was stuck in my head from watching the movie. It was pretty much what I expected, lots of catchy as hell pop/dance tunes. The suprising thing is it isn't crap, like  a lot of that kind of music is. Sure Rio and Hungry like the wolf aren't  exactly the most substantial songs ever but they stand up as true pop  classics cause they are just, well, to damn catchy. Same can be said for Is  there something I should know, reflex, girls on film and the erie and  terrific Planet Earth. Ordinary World is so much more than that a truley  terrific song and Electric Barbarella is a strangley appealing techno dance  tune. Problem is, there are too many dumb expirimental songs, like all she  wants is and wild boys but as long as there are cool catchy pop  masterpieces like a view to a kill that's fine with me.
B00000I9MK|5.0|This album is definantly one of my favorites. It basically equals &quot;If You're Feeling Sinister&quot;, and it's way better than &quot;Arab Strap..&quot; A very good buy for anyone!
6304240562|5.0|Greatest zombie flick ever made.The music, acting and location are perfect.Buy it,watch it, love it.
6305066345|5.0|Some people seem to think the movie should have been less serious.  My question to them is, why??  The movie was intended to be about the relationship between a father and son.  Basketball was the back-drop.  A  realistic portrayal of the behind the scenes sleeze that takes place in the  world of Black athletes.  Great movie...a classic.
0792153189|1.0|Deep Impact vs Armageddon?  Comparing one trash pile to another doesn't make one good! Both movies were diabolically bad!
B000002I53|5.0|Begining to end, the best example of Coltrane's ability to unstructure standards into new dimensions.   Coltrane tempts the listener into free jazz expressions, yet never loses the theme along the way. Excellent choice  for any jazz taste.
6302902010|2.0|I would love to see the original version of 1958 with Sidney Poiter and Dorothy Dandridge.  How can a person get a copy?? Help, I will pay.
B00000BKDW|5.0|THE ARTWORK IS GORGEOUS, THE PRODUCTION IS SUPERB, THE VOCALS ARE PERFECT, THE LYRICS ARE BRILLIANT,  AND THE SHEER MUSICIANSHIP OF IT ALL IS LIFE-INSPIRING. NOT TO MENTION THAT MURRAY AND SMITH'S JOINT EFFORT ON THE  TITLE TRACK IS THE GREATEST GUITAR SOLO OF ALL TIME.  TO HEAR IT IS TO LOVE  IT.
6304813759|5.0|I took my husband to see this at the theatre and didn't tell him what it was about.  It was one of the nicest afternoons that we have spent together in years.  Even my 75 year old mother enjoyed it. My son just bought me the  sound track for Mothers day!
B00000BKDX|3.0|Point 1:  Bruce is great in-studio, but he often sounds winded and off-key live.  2:  The sound quality has a &quot;distant&quot; feel to it that doesn't match up with Maiden's studio production.  3: &quot;Live After  Death's&quot; saving grace--&quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot;  from the  Hammersmith portion of the new CD set is the Greatest Live Heavy Metal  Performance Ever.  Period.  4:  The cover is the most beautiful Maiden  cover ever, which means it's the most beautiful ALBUM cover ever.  5:  A  Maiden collection isn't complete without this album, which also serves as a  physical sort of boundary between Maiden's glory days and their sllightly  less successful years.
0684867621|3.0|I thought that this book was a good way to pass the time, or catch a few zzz's, whichever you prefer. I collect King's books and will continue to do so, but this one would have been better if combined with 2 or 3 other  novellas.
0062502182|5.0|It's simply the best book I have ever read. I just couldn't stop reading it. It tells you so much about one's dreams, ambitions, and life in general
6301773551|5.0|If you don't like this you are insane. How could you not love the adventure, the blasters, and the lightsabers
6300213714|4.0|Sometimes, something is SO good that you wonder, &quot;Had anyone ever thought of this before?&quot; Well, a friend of mine turned me on to a historical book by the name of &quot;The Persian Expedition&quot; by  Xenophon. The premise is similar to that of The Warriors in that we follow  the adventures of a group of 1,000 soldiers trapped in a foreign land  trying to get to the sea (all the while having to fight any enemies they  encounter along the way) because from there they can get home. Watch the  movie then read the book! And you can find them both at amazon.com! (I  wasn't paid to write that.)
0688170528|5.0|This is the first book by Jodi Picoult I've ever read.  I finished it in less than two days.  I couldn't put this book down.  It is immensely readable.  I cannot say enough great things about this book.  I loved the  characterization, the feelings it evoked, etc.
B0000028RR|5.0|Don't judge Rage by my one-line summary - it's not the actual music i'm comparing them to Nirvana with, it's the originality and quality.  I think the only 2 bands to excel in those categories are Rage and Nirvana.  It's a  pity bands like KoRn and Limp Bizkit are on the top of most &quot;favorite  lists.&quot;... Buy this and Evil Empire as soon as you can!
0451191153|5.0|This book is not just about independence but more of a self-recoqnition pro. Yes, this character is an independent man with his interpretation of a philosophy. And yes, I couldn't help but fall in love with this Howard,  personally being a lot like the person he is. I let it be. I don't fight  the system, but I do fight back in my own actions. The truth is, I haven't  even finished this damn book yet. And I won't tell someone to like this  book or don't like it. And itt doesn't matter if this book brought up some  words in the past...it's your book, it's your story, and it's your  interpretation. You see it, you read it, you decide what this means to  yourself and your views. Real life is not about others, it's about you.
B000002IO1|5.0|I first heard of Alannah Myles by hearing Black Velvet on the radio. I loved the song. A friend loaned me the CD, and I was surprised to hear that most of the songs are hard, raunchy rock! I soon bought my own copy of the  CD, and play it a lot. Also like the next CDs, Rockinghorse and Alannah.  .Alannah Myles should be a lot better known than she is.
B0000009RX|5.0|MY REVIEW IS FOR THE RE-DONE VERSION OF MONEY/LUMPY GRAVY. APPARENTLY IN THE 80'S FRANK REDID THE BASS AND DRUM TRACKS AND REMIXED IT. IT WAS RELEASED AS A DOUBLE ALBUM ALONG WITH LUMPY GRAVY. I HAVE ONLY HEARD A BIT  OF THE OLD VERSION AND THE NEW ONE SOUNDS ALOT DIFFERENT IN TERMS OF THE  SOUND QUALITY.(sounds like it was recorded in the 80's!)SOME PURISTS MIGHT  NOT LIKE THIS VERSION BUT I THINK IT'S GREAT! I'M GLAD THERE ARE TWO  VERSIONS OF THIS GREAT MASTERPIECE OF AMERICAN ART. THIS ALBUM ALONG WITH  LUMPY GRAVY (which can be described as part two of MONEY) IS AN EDITING  MONSTER AND IS A TRULY ORIGINAL PIECE. FOR THOSE LOOKING FOR ZAPPA THE  GUITAR PLAYER, THERE ISN'T MUCH OF THAT ON EITHER OF THESE ALBUMS. TRY HOT  RATS IF THAT IS WHAT YOUR LOOKING FOR.    THIS IS DEFINITLY ONE OF ZAPPA'S  BEST. EVERY SONG IS CLASSIC. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
0875845851|5.0|This recognised classic can be read in many ways.<br />In one sense, it makes a general point about the introduction of new technologies. It's certainly true that a new technology will often appeal to  price- , convenience- or  reliability- concious markets, before it performs well enough to enter  mainstream applications. The Internet itself is an example of this kind of  &quot;disruptive&quot; technology (cf Papow's Enterprise.com).<br />Yet the  book does more than make this point. It also analyses the effects of the  arrival of new technology in several very different markets, and looks at  how incumbents and new entrants responded. As one reads these vivid  stories, impeccably researched, one can picture marketing departments  scrambling, and CEOs evaluating their stock options. <br />The narration of  Honda's entry into the American motorbike market, familiar to any MBA  student, is given an added twist, based on the perspectives of the people  who did it. It is almost worth buying the book just for that story.<br />Where  it doesn't succeed so well - though it makes a valiant attempt - is in  suggesting how companies might respond to the threat of cross-over  technologies. This area might be helpfully expanded in future  editions.<br />Nevertheless, a must-read for anyone serious about modern  business.
B000000H6D|5.0|For all of you that have been swayed by the media to believe that the Gothic subculture is a bunch of braindead, trenchcoat wearing, classmate shooting, movie blaming idiots, then listen to this album.  True Goth is  coping with the world around you.  Looking at the ugly and making it  beautiful.  Plus, Christian Woman and Black No. 1 have to be 2 of the best  damn songs I've ever heard.  Peter Steele takes raw emotion and turns it  into what he himself calls &quot;sonic therapy&quot;.  This is most  definately their best album.  Also check out the remake of Seals &amp;  Crofts &quot;Summer Breeze&quot;.  Great album.
6305426651|5.0|Roberto Benigni took on a tough task.  There have been so many movies made about the holocaust that it is difficult to add anything new to the genre, but Benigni did it.  This movie wasn't about death and destruction and the  evil side of human nature.  It was a celebration of life and one man's love  for it...there was only one minor problem, the use, or misuse rather of the  word sacrafice in the conclusion.
B00000IGGA|5.0|New listeners may want to check the album notes to reassure themselves that it is indeed the same man singing each of these wildly differing songs (just compare &quot;Picture in a Frame&quot; and &quot;Filipino Boxspring  Hog&quot;  You've got to love him, if only for the titles.) &quot;Georgia  Lee&quot; will break your heart. <br />Waits is an acquired taste, but if you  like his creativity, gritty voice, and wonderfully disturbing sense of  humor and outrage, this venture can't fail to please. Lots of great  harmonica from Charlie Musselwhite, too.
B00000IO4I|5.0|Jane Horrocks' performance as LV was the best I've seen in a movie.  Who knew that people with that much talent were permitted to exist in our society?  Of course the rest of the cast was stunning as well...Brenda  Blethyn was much more deserving of the academy award than Judi Dench.  She  really made me hate her and her loud mouth, uncaring ways, yet in the end  she got my sympathy, something I'm never willing to give out.  And Michale  Caine's own performance as he sings of his washed up carreer is worth  seeing.  The script is funny at times and devastating at others, and it  isn't the happiest of stories, but it has more spirit than can usually be  captured on film.
0060916540|3.0|I almost cringe just thinking about this story.  Psychology majors should check Touching the Void and This Game of Ghosts to analyze the effects of childhood and family dynamics on adult behavior. Simpson is not the best  writer, but Touching the Void definitely exemplifies the harsh decisions  that mountaineers are forced to make.
B00000DFSK|5.0|I love U2. I especially love Adam Clayton but thats a whole other subject. Their music is great to listen to and their lyrics are meaningful.  Bono can sing, Edge is a great guitar player, Larry can work the drums and don't  even get me started on Adam. Buy this CD.  It is terrific and a must-have.
0385493800|1.0|Having read all of Grisham's previous works, I was eagerly anticipating The Testament -- especially after hearing an interview in which the book's author talked about his religious convictions.  <br />However, I lost interest  in the book's characters and the plot quickly.  This is the first John  Grisham novel I have quit reading.  It just didn't grab me.
B000004286|4.0|Everytime I listen to this CD, I am taken back into the film and remember the profound loss, deep hope and stirring battles. A beautiful CD. If you love the soundtracks to Last of the Mohicans, Glory, and Empire of the Sun  - then you will love this as well.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This Movie provided an excellent story line with excellent SPECIAL EFFECTS. Although they did tend to draw somethings out a bit... IT IS WORTH SEEING AND/OR GETTING!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000042MY|5.0|I love this soundtrack!  It is deeply moving and fit the film perfectly. I can't even describe all the emotions that this beautiful soundtrack stirs within me everytime I listen to it.  If you love the soundtracks to  Braveheart, Glory, and Empire of the Sun - you will love this one too.
B00000099Y|5.0|It is really a shame that people constantly compare Tool with bands like KoRn and Rage, because although they are somewhat sonically associated, neither bands come close with the shear cleverness of Maynard Keenan's  lyrics. Anyone that likes this album should seek out lyric sheets to this  and any of Tool's albums. They'd be surprised...Such as the song  &quot;Eulogy&quot; about false martrydom, that has been rumored to be about  the way people reacted to Kurt Cobain's suicide, or &quot;Hooker With A  Penis&quot; about people always putting down bands because they &quot;sell  out to the man&quot;, to which Maynard replies, &quot;All you read and hear  or see on t.v. is a product, begging for filthy dollar. Shut up and  buy.&quot; I'd recomend this album to anyone who doesn't mind thinking.
6304479697|2.0|What a tragedy: In these Las Vegas performances, Elvis looks and sounds better than ever -- but the experience is marred by almost shockingly incompetent filmmaking. It would be acceptable if the only flaw was that  performances look as though they were shot in Super-8. But what really  ruins this movie is that for some unknowable reason the filmmaker  inter-spliced positively banal and truly boring interviews throughout, with  the most peculiar Elvis fans a person could find. An example: We're treated  to watching to English fans ride around on a bicycle that Elvis donated to  their fan club. The interview segments have the inadvertent effect of  making Elvis fans look absurd and making the rest of us wonder what could  be wrong with a star who has such pallid followers. It's just too bad that  these otherwise wonderful performances are marred by such bad judgement and  lack of direction on the part of the filmmaker.
B00000099Y|5.0|The first time I heard this album my nose started spontaneously bleeding. I think it was an inner ear thing. But seriously, this is an absolutely incredible album. Every time I listen to it I hear something new. Keenan  brilliantly captures the hopelessly lost yet cynical nature of so many of  us. Not the most listener friendly piece of work, but then again we knew  this wasn't Alanis!
6304479689|5.0|This is the single Elvis documentary to capture the real energy of his best live performances. He may not look his very best -- drugs and weight-gain are slightly evident -- but he is positively electric on stage.  The filmmaker also conveys a real sense of Elvis as the leader of a working  band, not just as a lone, packaged figure. Most of all, the film gives the  viewer an appreciation of Elvis's gospel roots and how they colored his  live performances and his selection of bandmates. The musicianship of his  band is also on fine display. This may be the only Elvis concert film worth  having. He is stiff in Aloha From Hawaii (if you've only seen that you'll  be surprised at how mobile he is on stage here) and in Elvis That's the Way  It Is he looks and sounds terrific, but the inter-spliced interviews and  fan profiles are absolutely absurd. This is the real movie to have if you  want to see Elvis live.
6305365121|5.0|Picard Turned in kind of a maquis to stop federation from getting off the planet and he had his crew to help ''the battle for paridise has begun''
B0000065M3|4.0|Finally there's an on-screen Elvis who actually *looks* like he lives in the 1960s. This movie features the side-burned, long-haired Elvis we know from the seventies -- but in peak form. There's good on-screen chemistry  between him and Mary Tyler Moore and a terrific cameo by Ed Asner as a  neighborhood cop. The movie makes an admirable attempt to speak to social  issues of the day, which is a real surprise considering that in most of  Elvis's previous roles he played race-car drivers. All in all a fun movie,  and a real departure from Elvis's usual on-screen fare.
0767817648|3.0|One hates to get caught agreeing with such insufferably elitist movie critics like Pauline Kael and Leonard Maltin, but their misgivings about the movie Blue Thunder are fairly accurate.  Kael goes too far in calling the film &quot;Suspense In A Void,&quot; for its implied argument that the film skimps over characters and plot is unfair.  The film establishes good audience involvement with the characters, helped by the fine performances of Roy Scheider, Daniel Stern, and Malcolm McDowell.<br />The main draw, of course, is the helicopter, a French-built gunship, reminscent of the AH-64 Apaches featured in Firebirds, but sporting a Gatling cannon with a fire-rate of 4,000 rounds per minute, and high-tech surveillance cameras and microphones.  The ship's lethality is demonstrated in a terrific test run by the Army for LAPD brass; the ship blasts away at cardboard dummies representing terrorists and civilians within a mockup of a city block.  The film pointedly highlights civilian dummies getting blasted; the audience thus forgets that, given the hopeless interminging of terrorists amid civilians, the gunship's ability to pick out the right targets comes through as well as can be honestly expected.  It all closes out with a delightfully explosive strafing run of a bus manned by terrorists.<br />Frank Murphy (Scheider) is assigned to test Blue Thunder over LA, this over the trepidation of old Army foe Colonel F.E. Cochrane (McDowell).  Murphy and his copilot Richard Lymangood (Stern) test the ship's surveillance capability in hilarious fashion when they stare down the cleavage of a waitress and then listen in on a CHP cop (nicknamed Double Dork by Murphy) in bed with another man's wife.  But then they get wind of the real reason for the chopper's existence when they follow Cochrane to the city's federal building and record a conversation between Cochrane, other members of the Blue Thunder project, and several government types; they've been instigating rioting in LA's barrios to justify bringing out Blue Thunder in a program called Project THOR.  It is a plot that lacks even a minor level of believability or plausibility.  <br />The action scenes and cast are good, but the absurdity of the plot ultimately hurts the film.  Nonetheless, the visuals are worth a look.
B00000IQMT|3.0|Lest you have any doubt that the &quot;Phantom&quot; soundtrack is just another movie soundtrack, go back and listen to the original Star Wars soundtrack, which blows the new one away.  &quot;Phantom&quot; just sounds  like a bunch of techno-war music. The individual characters' themes are  weak.  Disappointing.
0399143904|2.0|The story has some stuff  that Mr. Clancy wrote before ,like  an attempt against wife and daugther ,the character of Mrs Carol is like Mrs Elliot, and big mistakes . A good geographical research would avoid some mistakes.  Manaus is in North Brazil not in  Central part . Brazilian Army and  Security agencies looks with care all foreigners settlements in the Rain  Forest.  Manaus Airport is also a Brazilian Air Force Base . Never , I  repeat never, a chopper with a machine gun would land or lift without  permission from Brazilian authorities. Best Luck and hard work will bring a  better book.
B00000IIXH|1.0|I gave such a low rating because Springsteen really rips off his fans. Everybody who saved money to afford the 4-CD-box (which I highly recommend) now has to pay an additional expense for 3 more songs. Plus, the given  selection may not match everyone's personal choice.
B00000ICD9|2.0|I was hoping to come away from this movie with more than the empty feeling than I did. Even though the visual presentation was intriguing and beautiful, why the Vail's? No one appeared as they were until some  prerequisite had been met on the part of the newly deceased. Williams  sucked in this quasi-emotional serious piece.  I was unable to feel any  empathy for his self absorbed wife, the piece meal way we learned why she  took her life her left much to be desired.  I had no pity for her  character, and thought she should have been left in hell where she belongs.  I guess I am blaming the wrong people, the screenwriter and the director  share equally for bringing such crap to the screen.
0553573411|5.0|I enjoyed this second book much more than the first in the series.  The world that Hobb has created really gained a lot of depth in this book.  The characters have really taken off and he's given them great development.   Just in case you didn't grasp this from the other 40 reviews, this is quite  the book and comes highly recommended.
6303332609|5.0|I think it is one of the best B movies made
0425132153|5.0|Yes, this book is wonderful - read it, you'll see what all the fuss is about.
0767811046|1.0|I could pick this piece of junk apart all day long. 1) What's with the setting?  Is this what the world would look like if Hitler won?  And if it is  what did he do with all the Hispanic people in Buenos Aires. 2)  Giant bugs who can destroy spaceships and move asteroids out of orbit with  their flatulence?  Stoooooopid! 3) The whole battle plan looks like it  was thought up by a six year old.  Why send infantry into  a herd of  giant insects with pea shooters when you could nuke the crap out the planet    from orbit or drive over it with tanks? 4) If someone gets impaled by  a giant insect's leg, then they should be dying, not running   around a  bug cave taking bugs out with an assault rifle at the end of the movie. 5)  Thank you for the all-time worst line ever spoken on the silver screen by a  dying character:  &quot;At least I got to have you, Johnny.&quot;  Hey  director, next time just kill the stupid   supporting actress and be  done with it. 6) Could you give Johnny Rico more promotions over the course  of one week?  If enough of his   superiors keep dying maybe he could be  commander and chief of the armed forces before his  21st birthday. 7) A  co-ed shower scene.  Only the idiot who directed ShowGirls could come up  with something so  adolescent and unrealistic.   8) Doogie Howser in a  Gestapo uniform?  Why don't you just put Pee-Wee Herman in a Darth Vader    suit, you mis-casting moron.
0374172897|5.0|Hats off to Michael Cunningham for not only having the chutpah to tackle &quot;a legend,&quot; but to layer stories translucently on top of one another to create another view of life. To say that Cunningham tries to  imitate Woolf is absurb. This book never attempts Woolf's stream of  consciousness and knows it. If readers bring that assumption to this book,  they are in for a major disappointment. If on the other hand they examine  the way that characters - Clarissa, Laura, and Virginia --  &quot;create,&quot; the thematic ideas will come through. This is not a  &quot;light read&quot; with emphasis on heavy story plotting, but a  psychological study of three lives that cross paths with one book. Keep  your existential minds alert: there is no reality, only perception.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have practically worn out &quot;Eden&quot; in the few days since it arrived in the mail. I'm a recent fan of Sarah Brightman, having seen her on public television doing a duet with Andrea Boccelli. By no means a  student of music, I have come to appreciate the clarity, range and beauty  of her voice. In the right mood, many of her songs bring me close to tears  of joy. &quot;Eden&quot; seems to bridge the gap between classical and  popular music in a lovely way. I loved &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot;  perhaps as well; still trying to get used to &quot;Dive&quot;. I am so  pleased she is coming to Montreal on June 20th, I can't wait!!!
630469797X|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The plot, dialogue, and special effects are all completely laughable.  I did not get scared once during the movie and I laughed the entire movie because of how bad it  was.  I don't understand how people think this is a good movie.
6304106017|5.0|No matter how much Rodriguez had hoped this movie would have been credited to him, it is Tarantino who steals the limelight. This film will undoubtedly join the now long line of films in Tarantino's name (even  though it is not truly his).<br />I didn't know the plot when I watched this,  and believe me, it's the best way to see it. Unfortunately, you'll have got  the gist from reading the earlier reviews. Oh well.<br />The blood fest begins  right from the start, and doesn't truly stop til the last vampire is dead.  Clooney pulls off a performance that leaves you wondering how the hell he  got involved in Batman. And Juliette Lewis once again proves she is the  queen of kooky (and we love her for it).<br />The only damning thing to say  about this film is the slightly poorer special effects towards the end -  some of the vampires are a little unconvincing.<br />A must for Tarantino  lovers, Clooney lovers or just plain gore lovers.
0440219078|5.0|I love the way Lois Lowry describes everything so carefully. Her ideas were wonderfully displayed! Recommended for anyone with an imagination and an open mind.
630419949X|4.0|I was tempted to give this three stars, but I think that the good pace and action sequences justify the four.<br />This is a standard action movie. The plot touches on the ludicrous at times, and there are some nice holes to  poke your finger into if you are in the mood, but the action is more than  enough to keep you interested and watching.<br />The biggest complaint you can  address to the film is probably Schwarzenegger's invulnerability. Okay, he  gets hurt. But he carries on as if it never happened, and the number of  times he avoided the guns (which were a brilliant weapon)...I had to  laugh.<br />This films definately worth a watch for the action. Don't expect  much more, however, and remember there are other actors who are more than  capable of pulling this off.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I found that OFFSPRING did a very excellent Jop. They really did put different kinds of music(Rap, Crunch, POp,and Rock) together in most of their songs, which my friends and I like. They are really the sound of the  Millenium. Betta have one.......of your own.
6300151379|5.0|You can see from all the messages below how popular this particular movie is. All the more shame that it is so hard to get hold of.<br />This movie encapsulated the 80's feel for a lot of people. It did what the  'Never-Ending Story' never could, it gave it true magic with a great story  (albiet an old one) and mixed it with whatever it is that makes a movie  watchable again and again and again - something only Disney had seemed  truly capable of before.<br />Add to this the fact it is live action (a rarity  for such a tale), and you fall all the more in love with it.<br />Special note  must go to David Bowie for the inspired soundtrack and the impeccable  acting (well, as he does). His evil prince lord added all the more to the  movie.<br />All in all, the sooner they get this back on the shelfs the more  people will be satisfied.
0060920084|1.0|If you're looking for a diatribe of total exaggeration and falsity, this is your book. Did I say book? Maybe doorstop would be a better description.<br />Having grown up, and traveled extensively through the areas that the  author describes with such deft fictitousness, I question whether he ever  actually has been to the places he relates.<br />I grew up in the Mid-West and  moved out to the West Coast (Portland/San Diego) in my late teens, but the  lifestyles the author describes of Iowa in particular are so bent out of  proportion, and contrived, that this is one book that should definitely be  left in the outhouse.
6304913176|4.0|Once upon a time, movies were realtively simple. You could pigeon hole your horro movies, your action movies, your romance movies.<br />Then, the joy of crossing over started a new wave. The romantic comedy, the action  thriller.<br />Follow on from this and we start to see the lines blurred to  the point that it is arguable what the film is actually about in the first  place.<br />The result of this can be seen all too clearly in Starship  Troopers. What is it? It is an action movie? A bug movie? A horror movie? A  scathing depiction of life? What?<br />In it's own supposed cleverness, ST has  suffered the worse of fates - to be misunderstood. Perhaps even members of  the cast were never quite sure what it was meant to be about in the first  place either.<br />Forget the novel. Forget the clever ideals and the hidden  messages. Watch the film and (as I rarely say) don't listen to the hype.  Enjoy the action, the silly OTT acting, the weird humour. all if it is  actually fun, if you forget the rest.<br />I'll be putting this on my 'must  buy' list, because it is so watchable. You can start getting deep when you  really get to know it. But perhaps that's the point?<br />Fianl thing: Doogie  Howser will take years to lose the typcasting.
0767819543|5.0|Central Station is one of the greatest movies I heve ever seen. It's sensible, extremly well done, Fernanda Montenegro has undoubtely had the greatest performance of the year. Despite that, once again the Academy  Awards decided do give the Oscar to the movie whose productors spent more  money (a silly movie called &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;...).
0684867621|5.0|One of Stephen King's best.  Could not stop turning the pages. It's like your there, taking every step thru the woods.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is unlike any other band I have ever heard in my life.  And Aenima is yet another example of how truly incredible this band is.  I thought Undertow was amazing, but somehow they surpassed amazing with this album  and have achieved lyrical/instrumental perfection!  Talk about being  &quot;moved&quot; by a song.  Every song on this album is powerful.  Aenima  is a MUST HAVE if you are any type of &quot;music&quot; afficionado.  It  is, by far, the best album I've ever experienced!
0671721720|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised that the second book in this series was better than the first (which was awesome).  The character development of Honor Harrington in the book is solid and deep.  Action packed, good story.  I  passed this and other Honor Harrington books because of the female lead  character.  I made a BIG MISTAKE.  The is one of the best  sci-fi book I  have read in a LONG time.  Honor Harrington makes other space heros (Cpt.  Kirk and company) look like whimps!  But read On Basilisk Station first.
B00000IQMT|5.0|If you like John Williams or previous Star Wars Cd's, then you'll love the Phantom Menace.  I didn't want to listen to it until I saw the movie but i couldn't resist.  I just sat and listened to it for 74 minutes straight.   Very captivating.  Buy it!!!
0767819462|4.0|I tought 'Step Mom&quot; might be junk before watching the film.  However, Julia Roberts acted really good and I'm so impressed.  I recommend &quot;Step Mom&quot; for everybody!
B0000060NF|5.0|In the same league as &quot;Born To Run&quot; by Springsteen,&quot;Pet Sounds&quot; by The Beach Boys and &quot;Zen Arcade&quot; by Husker Du,&quot;What's Going On&quot; is pure passion and beauty that will bring  you to tears in its splendor.If you truly love and believe in the power of  music,this record will change your life.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is exactly what I had hoped for when this CD was released. It's the perfect blend of new music with just a touch of themes that are hauntingly familiar. John Williams is at his best. Lucas once said that Star Wars was  meant to be a silent movie and that the music should tell the tale. With  this new soundtrack, Williams has once again proven that he can indeed tell  a story through his music. Thank you John!!
B000002UDB|5.0|Everybody should own this CD, if only for one song. Probably one of the best songs ever written...Strawberry Fields Forever!!
078401213X|1.0|My previous attempt to review this film apparently &quot;censored&quot; by Amazon.com staff, and rightly so, considering the words I had used...  I think that I would not need to say much more.<br />However, I must confess  something about me:  I hate cyberpunk and I hate hip-hop even more!  I  don't think that the ideas are so original in this film and I believe it is  somewhat overrated.  By for me, that is beside the point.  I find this film  very aestehtically dipleasing and I could barely force myself to watch  it.<br />I do understand that certain people may have a completely different  opinion thatn mine, but that is a matter of personal taste.  As another  viewer said, &quot;you'll either love or hate&quot; this film.  Apparently,  this film was reviewed by people who loved it (who knows, other angry  reviews might have been removed and people didn't bother again! ;-).<br />So,  that is my warning to anyone pondering to buy this film, especially after  having read the raving reviews here... :-)
6303014100|5.0|When I first saw R. Maxwell's GETTYSBURG, it was first run, and the theatre was full to capacity.  Most in attendance were re-enactors or historians like myself.  Although the film propagandizes to a degree,  GETTYSBURG explores the energies that drove both sides during the three-day  ordeal in and near Gettysburg, PA, in July, 1863.      The Civil War was  fought heart to heart as well as hand to hand, and this film's strength--  like M. Shaara's novel, THE KILLER ANGELS, on which it is based-- is its  heart.  GETTYSBURG might have its greatest fans among history buffs, but it  remains an American story worth seeing and seeing again.     Show this film  to your children. Unless we understand the terror that war is, we will be  forever bound to re-engage.
B00000099Y|5.0|9 songs all of them great the top half of them beyond great. third eye is too beautiful (the second half of it is indescibable). the title track aenema off the scale, eulogy unbelievable, pushit...these songs start out  great and then explode into something that touches on religious experience.
067101756X|4.0|I suppose what most convinced me of Corso's truthfulness in this expos of the events which occurred at, and then followed from the 1947 crash of a mysterious flying ship, was his whole attitude toward the events throughout  the narration. Corso was not intent on convincing his audience of the  reality of aliens; he had lived with this knowledge for so long that for  him it was an unpleasant and inescapable fact. He concentrated instead on  telling us what the results of this alien presence were, how the  governments of the world thought and reacted to what they regarded as a  threat to our species, how new technologies grew from the refuse found at  the Roswell site, how different branches of the government jealously  guarded their secrets and developments from each other. A lot of emphasis  is also placed on the US government's fear that enemy nations had their own  UFO crashes and were extrapolating alien technologies faster than we were.  After reading this book, which names names without hesitation and finally  makes sense of our rapid rise in technology, Project Blue Book, and the  Roswell crash itself, I don't which I find more frightening...the  ubiquitous presence of these inhuman and unfriendly beings, or the reality  of governments which will go to any lengths to keep people from knowing the  truth.
0380002930|5.0|The first time I read this book I was in the seventh grade.  I am now almost thirty years old, and it still remains the most enjoyable novel I have ever experienced.  This story has everything a reader would want in a  bood; adventure, suspense, romance, and betrayel, all the while maintaining  a certain amount of mysticism.  Yes, the characters are rabbits, which may  not seem credible to most readers at the start of the novel, but very soon  into the story you begin to realize this is not just a tale about bunny  rabbits.  It is a tale about a small group of wanderers forced to flee the  only home they've ever known.  Once out in strange and unfamiliar country,  they must rely on each others strengths and capabilities in order to  survive and build a happier, sturdier future.  Along the way, they  encounter all kinds of enemies, from foxes and dogs, to man and all of his  unnatural creations, to the mos evil enemy of all, that of their own kind.   You will be forever moved and touched as you follow the adventures of  Hazel, Bigwig, Fiver and their friends.  I can't imagine anyone coming out  unchanged after reading the incredible story of the rabbits of Watership  Down.
0399143904|5.0|This book is a must for Spy / Terrorism fans.  A must read for Readers of Debt of Honor and Executive orders. Great Tension and suspense.  Light on the Technical Mumbo Jumbo but packed with Acronyms. A little weak on the  ending but neverthe less a great read
630534731X|5.0|After waiting what seems an eternity, they've finally released this film to high-quality video and DVD. The quality of the transfer is so good that you see things you didn't before on the first release in the early  eighties. I am someone who highly appreciates the older style pre-digital  era of models and wires, and the sheer craftsmanship of the special effects  and miniature work is awesome indeed, rivalling 2001 for it's splendour,  plus it's nice to know that it was all crafted by human hands rather than  just churned out on a cumputer keyboard like so much is today. <br />True, the  live action and acting could use some work and there are more scientific  and physical inconsistencies and flaws (done for dramatic license no doubt)  than there should be, but still, it's a lot better than some of the junk  that's put out now! (the incredibly horrible &quot;Starship Troopers&quot;  comes shudderingly to mind!!)<br />The nostalgia factor for those of us who  grew up in the 7eventies is powerful, but for those of you who have not  seen the film ever before, you need to remember WHEN the film was made and  try to enjoy it for the art that it is rather than try to make something  truly meaningful out of it. (I sometimes wonder if the reviewers who  trashed the movie as they did ever enjoyed entertainment for it's own  sake!) But if you like seventies sci-fi and can enjoy a film that is  designed solely to entertain, you'll love &quot;The Black Hole&quot;. It is  definitely a unique piece of work.
6300181340|5.0|This movie somehow escaped me till now.  I wasn't born when it first came out in theaters, but it sure holds up with suspense and good acting.  I loved it -- and I've become a Tippi Hedren fan because of it.  Saw her  recently on a TV movie, and she was just wonderful!
B000002WYT|5.0|About a month ago, I was talking to my friend who is a big DMB fan.  He told me I should go to their concert at the Gorge with him.  I wanted to hear them before I bought tickets.  Crash just happened to be the one that  I bought.  I love the whole CD.  My favorite song is So Much To Say.  I  also like The live album and their new one.  They give such a wide variety  of music that I think everybody should atleast buy one.  I know you would  like it.
0553108034|2.0|I guess no.  Most publishers would not want more than a year to lapse between hardcover publication of a [potential] best-selling series. After reading this book, my guess is that George went through a difficult period  in his life that delayed his writing this book AND changed its  &quot;ambience&quot;: this book is nasty, brutish, and crude--I will  probably not finish this series. Accomplished craftsman that he is, the  book works, but not with the 'feel' of Volume 1. I have no worries about  George as a writer, but if my guess is correct, (I) hope he works through  his personal problems.
0380002930|1.0|bunnies talk, walk, sleep, eat, and die. Wow...uh huh....that sounds fun.  COME ON!!!!!  IT WAS BORING!!!!!  If an author's going to write about wars and society, use humans, not bunnies (!?) next time. And by the ways, who  the hell keeps tallies of how many times they've read a book?  It's so  obvious it's fabricated.
B000001EG6|5.0|This album has everything a person could ever want to listen to. If you are in a happy mood, sad mood, angry at the world mood or a reflective mood- this cd will not disappoint you.  Listen to the words and I guarantee  you will be moved. Then listen to the music and get ready to be blown away.   Raw talent and plenty of it.  And you will also feel as if you have been  given a small window into the mind of a real legend-Elton opens his soul in  this album (along with the lyrical master, Bernie Taupin) in a way that  forces you to not only recognize their human fears but your own as well.
B00000ILBK|1.0|This one is almost as bad as ST V- the final frontier!! Horrible, Horrible, Horrible, and did I mention that this one is HORRIBLE !!!
6302206294|1.0|This was a disappointment.  The Star Trek Robin Hood episode with Q was much better than this.  Costner has done some good movies, but this is not one of them.  Definitely one to skip.
B000002AS3|4.0|Everything after this was relatively bland.  But you have to appreciate the rock arrogance of this album.  Even the ballads have a bite.  And you can dance to &quot;Columbia&quot; all night long.  If you hated their later  stuff, you probably won't be reading this, but you should like this album  anyway.
1573225517|5.0|What a great, hilarious surprise this book was. I had no idea it was going to be one of the funniest novels I've ever read. Rob is a perfectly sympathetic character, regardless of his shortsighted faults. As  frustrating as he is, it's hard not to wish him the best. I've been through  a slew of great contemporary comedies recently - Bridget Jones' Diary, Was  It Something I Said?, Animal Husbandry, Isabel's Bed, etc. - and this is  one of the best I've encountered. Can't wait to read About A Boy now...
B000002UD1|3.0|I was slightly disappointed with ONE DAY AT A TIME.  The first time I ever heard it was on The Lennon Anthology.  The anthology version is by far better, just him, his real voice, no layering effects, more mellow. I don't  get Nutopian National Anthem, I don't know why!!!  Is it because it's 3  seconds of blank space???  Other songs are great, though!!
B00000IFWE|4.0|It doesn't rank up there with Petty's early masterpieces, but Echo is still a solid album.  On first listen, none of the songs really stand out.  But the more you listen to it, the songs just seem to grow on you.  The man  is a genius.  I can't explain it, but he can make the simplest music sound  so good.  If you like TP &amp; the HBs, you gotta buy this album.
6302662648|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen--it had action, comedy, and an excellent script full of intelligent humor and character interaction.  Excellent job!  I could see this movie again and again and again...
0451188470|2.0|I had purchased this book awhile ago but decided to read it when I heard that Kate Capshaw had optioned it for a movie. What a disappointment. It's boring. The love story is banal. Helen is obnoxious. There's not much of a  plot. This is what Hollywood thinks would make an interesting movie? Which  underwritten character is Tom Selleck playing?
B000002L68|5.0|From beginning to end, the album shows what Prince is made of. The album begins going off the hook with Let's Go Crazy, and ends with the sentiment, calm Purple Rain. No matter how old Purple Rain gets, it will remain one of  the greatest albums in music history.
B000002NJS|5.0|In deze cd krijg je de eerdere spirituele, psychologische kant van Madonna te zien met enkele van haar succsnulmmers als : &quot;Ray of light&quot;, &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;the power of good-bye&quot;, een prachtige cd die  vast en zeker niet in je collectie mag ontbreken
0871137380|5.0|It's about time that true heroism found its way into the book stores.  <br />   Bowden does for commandoes what Blind Man's Bluff does for submariners. He shows that there is real gut-wrenching heroism behind the headlines and  that these stories should and must be told.<br />    Both these books are a  window into worlds that most people would never otherwise experience. Here  is proof that tales of risk and valor are worth telling.<br />   Read them  both.!!!!
0061053430|5.0|Is a great book that does an excellent job of explaining all of the Marine hardware with technical blueprints and many other diagrams. The way the book explains in words is very understandable, even for the simple  minded(no offense intended). Buy this book if you are a Colonial Marine  fan!!!!
B00000IQMT|4.0|It's a sountrack and it's Star Wars. There's new material and old material, linking it to the other movies very well. I wouldn't be surprised if the music transistions throughout the first three episodes. I can't see  why people are thrilled with the soundtrack but I can't see why some people  don't like it either. Just remember this first movie is supposed to be more  dramatic then episodes 4-6.
0887306101|5.0|This is a very well written book stuffed with great advice.  I just couldnt stop reading it which doesnt happen all that often when investment books are concerned.  The authors background in future trading  is obvious and the biggest part of the book is dedicated to commodity and  currency futures trading.  Perhaps the biggest discovery I made while  reading the book is realising that these traders feel that markets are all  similar and you can jump from one type of market to the next if you get the  basics right.
0553274503|5.0|I'm a hard-core science fiction fan, but this book, which has a miniscule sci-fi element, is one of the better I've read.  A mentally disabled man receives a series of experimental treatments which turn him into an  intellectual, and his situation affects not only his life, but those of the  people around him, in many interesting ways.  Check it out - it's a quick  read, but full of insight on how we perceive others.
B000002UAO|5.0|Why pick favorites? I always found that a silly excercise. Who the hell cares? Or better put, why should anyone care? This favorite's jazz just illustrates our conditioned fragmented thinking stuck in duality. (Read  your Zen books.) In the meantime, if I were stuck in a Scottish castle  (with electricity) and had only one CD this would be it. HA! Naturally, I  would be burning some 'Norwegian Wood'.
B000001Y42|5.0|All you pessimistic jerks, please buy this Cd I know I am, andcheck out my other reviews on other hit CD's. Same name.
B000002I2M|4.0|This is quite my favourite Doors album.  The title track is amazing, and The Wasp just sends shivers down your spine.  And don't forget The Changeling and L'america.  A good place to start, as far as Doors material  goes.
0671045857|2.0|I can only hope that Mr. King wrote this to make a few bucks until he finishes the next Dark Tower series!  I listened to the 4 CD version of this book and after CD #1 and #2, I had to look at the author to make sure  it was Stephen King.  The last section was great but hardly worth wading  through the first 3/4th's of it.
6300151379|5.0|Needless to say I agree with all of the other pleas to re-release this movie.  I have searched for a long time to find somewhere to buy it with no success.  I watched it with my children, when they were small, and would  like to include it in my movie library for my enjoyment, theirs, and one  day their children. Thanks in advance for the re-release.
0880293667|5.0|I have no understanding for people who claim that this volume leaves out some of Poe's most important work; it does not do that at all! On the contrary, this is a complete collection of his short stories and poems, and  also includes a biographical introduction, &quot;The Narrative of Arthur  Gordon Pym of Nantucket,&quot; and various critical writings of Poe. Every  Poe-fan should have this comprehensive edition!
B0000025F7|3.0|This album is not the Michael Jackson that we all know now.  With this album he could have been the KING OF DISCO.  This album is all disco and all happy go lucky songs except She's Out Of My Life, but we all know he  seldom is able to find happiness in his own life.  The only thing I think  truly makes him happy are his own children and all the wonderful children  around the world.  Michael has improved in every album.  You cannot use the  amount a record sells all the time to decide whether or not an artist is  good or bad.  You need people who really truly enjoy, love, and appreciate  music to decide if a record is good or bad.  If you like disco this is the  perfect album for you.  In my opinion Michael's true solo career started  when Thriller was released.  From Thriller to HIStory Michael proves that  he is the KING OF POP.  I believe that sometimes if Michael doesn't beat  one of his old records it's because of 2 reasons one could be that some  people believe all the tabloid lies and false accusations and allegations.   Another is that they really just don't like that style of music.  The last  is that they just want to follow the croud.  I only gave this album a low  rating because I really don't like disco too much, but I did like the songs  OFF THE WALL and She's Out Of My Life.
B0000028RR|5.0|I bought &quot;Evil Empire&quot; for my first Rage Against the Machine album, and loved it instantly, so of course I had to buy this one. It's better than &quot;Evil Empire&quot;. It doesn't have one bad song on this  album like some other cd's you may buy.
6300183211|5.0|Fantastic movie. Fast paced and riveting, non-stop action packed which I am having trouble getting hold of in a VHS Australian format.  Can anyone help??  (jlm@anzsec.com.au)
6300274268|5.0|An amazing adaptation of Lewis Carroll's work. It has such a surreal and dreamlike progression, it seems to float through a stream of consciousness. Definitely one of my favorite Disney films. (Even more Surreal at times  then Dumbo's Pink Elephants and Pooh's Hephalumps and Woozils)&quot;  Top-notch voice characterizations from  Richard Haydn(Caterpillar), Ed  Wynn(Madd-Hatter), Jerry Colonna(MarchHare), Bill Thompson(White  Rabbit/Dodo), JPat OMalley(Tweedles, Walrus&amp;Carpenter) and Sterling  Holloway(Cheshire Cat.
1881273156|5.0|An excellent book.  I am buying several copies for my family
B000002JNJ|5.0|Thank God for Pantera.  This album shows a side of metal many have tried but never succeeded in.  The only other band I can say did this type of metal was the Metallica of the 1980s, but they're gone now, so back to the  review of this album.  I actually found this album to be fairly decent for  a debut.  Though Phil Anselmo's vocals didn't have the power like they do  today, everything else about the album is excellent.  To me, the best track  on here is &quot;Cemetary Gates,&quot; a song with a slow beginning, but  powerful through out the rest of the way.  Another highlight on this album  is the song &quot;Domination,&quot; a powerful in your face tune with one  of Dimebag Darrel's best guitar solos ever.  I must add Vinnie Paul proves  that he is one of the best drummers out there.  I have never heard such  drumming talent as he showed on here.  Big thumbs up for him.  So if you  don't have this album, buy it.  It's a good start for anyone interested in  growing a good heavy metal collection.
B000002KIE|5.0|Why do these bad reviews point to the musical abilities of these guys? Who cares if the songs aren't technically correct, or if the vocals don't have a big enough range? YOU'RE MISSING THE POINT! If you that's the way you  judge music than stick to your perfect and contrived bands like Rush. That  must be pretty boring though,not being able to like any music unless it's  musically proficient enough.One of the most talentless albums I've ever  heard was Red Kross-Born Innocent, but it's also one of my favorites just  for the fact that it makes me laugh, both lyrically and musically. <br />Also,  as far as the question about them being sincere or a scam, who cares? Music  should be fun. Not all music (punk especially) has to make some kind of  social, economic, political, or moral point! Read the Bible for that. As  mentioned earlier this album made people realize how complacent and utterly  rediculous the corporate music was and still is. I guess the point is that  this album woke up alot of people and made them understand that you don't  have to be Jimmy Page or Getty Lee and fit some kind of Music God role,  just plug in and say what's on you mind.  Don't be afraid to do it your way  and who cares if you sell a million albums (although that wouldn't  hurt).<br />Even if the Pistols were fabricated and professionaly marketed,  this album &quot;in it's time&quot; was a slap in the face. On that  criteria alone I give five stars. <br />All I know for sure is the songs still  get my drunk ass barking along (in the wrong key)!
6300251616|3.0|Dark Star was made on a shoestring by John Carpenter with the help of Dan O'Bannon, both graduates of the University of Southern California film department. This is a better film than most &quot;B&quot; sci-fi on late  night cable because there is real ingenuity and intelligence at work here.  And the beach ball alien loose on the ship is a precursor of things to come  -- you see, Dan O'Bannon went on to conceive the story for ALIEN and to  direct other darkly humored sci-fi classics like RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD,  while John Carpenter went on to direct HALLOWEEN, THE FOG, THE THING, and  others. An impressive little movie, shot partly on the USC campus by  talented graduates only a few semesters after George Lucas was there.
6305013578|5.0|This film is essential in the pioneering of science fiction film. Without it many films could not have been made. It is visually stunning and worth seeing just for the wonderful silent era photography.
B00000IFWE|5.0|I wasn't too impressed with &quot;She's the One&quot; but am very pleased with &quot;Echo&quot;.  Thank the lord Petty doesn't change his style like many artists gone bad.  This is traditional Petty that will surely impress  you if you are a true Petty fan.
6305426651|5.0|It has been a long time since I have seen a movie that touched me like this one did. Very funny and light-hearted, yet deeply emotional, this movie will make you laugh, cry, and at the end, clap and cheer. This movie  is for anyone who can say, or would like to say, LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL!
B000002P5W|4.0|This isn't exactly the best album in the history of rock'n'roll (that would be Are You Expierienced?) but it just doesn't get me the way Hendrix usually does. But its a must for any fan.
B00000768B|5.0|I am a 36 year old male and always haveand always like ABBA.  It's one group that I really unwind to and also havegrown up with them in a sense.  No collection is complete without atleast one CD from this group. Harold  Conner
0671045857|5.0|Once again, Stephen King has made his point about how an author can make you SEE. While not as long as some of his works, ALL the King focus is present. Together, the author and reader of this story made me weep for  this little girl and want to fly to her rescue while at the same time  standing in awe of her courage and determination. You know what it was  like?  It was as if he captured in words the spirit of that woman marathon  runner who got within yards of the finish line and just fell, only to get  up and stagger across the line an inch at a time as the World watched. Some  may bitch about the length of some of his stories and some may bitch about  the horror in his stories.  Guess what?  Life IS horrible a disturbing  amount of time. King writes about how the human spirit can stand in the  face of such horror. The world is better for his writing.
0684867621|4.0|This was truly a great book that amazed me because it certainly wasn't his usual work.  It kept me interested, but I wish it was a bit longer!  I can't believe it ended when it did.  There were a few situations that  weren't developed enough (caller with misleading info about Trisha).  Otherwise, I really liked it.  Suspenseful, and exciting, no doubt!!
B00000IQMT|3.0|Okay first things first: The score is a fine score and one that is written, performed and presented with undeniable technical skill.  So whats  missing?  Passion, life, in short spirit.  The scores for the trilogy so  far have excelled because they were about a passionate struggle between  light and dark, and the music is a gut reaction to the film at a primal  level.  With Phantom, the problem lies in that William has to Reverse  engeneer the score, create a new canvas and apply it to a film that lacks  the singlemindedness or character focus of the first three.  I don't think  Williams found an anchor point to hang the score off of like he did with  the trilogy and it shows.  The score is precice, surgical and is signature  Williams, but sadly the force was not with our brilliant pilot, and while  he certainly got the job done there was simply no flair.
B000002H97|5.0|The song I am going to recommend is &quot;Where ever I may Roam.&quot;  What James Hetfield was trying to say is that you choose your own path through life and nobody can choose it for you.  It doesn't matter what  other people say you will keep going your own path.
B00000HYXB|5.0|when I listen to this music, I transform myself in a apocalyptic knight, ready to defeat the tyrant and to save the weak people. Give me a sword!!
B000005AYM|4.0|Badu certainly finds a niche in the music world with this album...people who like good music.  This album contains songs that build on past successes of other artists but puts a pleasant spin on the sound.   Certainly a good addition to a music collection.
6305297525|5.0|Breathtaking effects and story go hand in hand to develop this magnificient story.  A classic love story with a number of twists.  As usual, Robin Williams puts in a stellar performance. Excellent film
B0000025HU|5.0|This is hands down my favorite album.  It is so rich with musical variety.  Every track is really quite unique.  The lyrics are a great mix of politics and satire with many just being free styles on personal  issues.<br />I would tell anyone to buy this album even if they have no  experience with punk rock.  I love the Beatles too, but this album beats  Sgt. Pepper and The white album ANY DAY!!
B000009ED0|1.0|I heard/saw the single on MTV and rushed out to buy what I thought would be a great CD.  To my dismay, what I got was track after track of the same tired lyrics.  An entire CD of someone saying how great they are and that  they get all the ho's is about as boring as it gets.  The only good thing  about this disc is the music behind the lyrics.  Save yourself some money  and just get the single.
B00000ILBK|2.0|I am a Star Trek Fan, however, this movie lacked energy.  As with Star Trek 1,3,5 and now Insurrection the Movie was slow, even boring at times.  The only thing keeping it from getting one star was the great special  effects and a few really great scenes.  I would rent this one!
6303695825|5.0|I use excerpts from this film to show in my high school World History class. The video captures Hitler's oratory magic and one can see why the German people fell under his spell. The pictures of the Party rallies are  simply amazing as Hitler walks between 200,000 of his followers. This scene  is definitely a jaw dropper for my students.   I must agree with my fellow  reviewer that the film seems to spend a little bit too much time in some  areas.  For example, when the Party members are marching in formation by  Hitler with him saluting them...well, this takes forever and is too long  for the attention span of a teenager.   Overall, excellent film.
B000000OU6|4.0|very surprised about the bad reviews that this album got from the web site customers, it seems to be written by the same person anyway, slash is at his best. a great album although Axl would have made a better leading  singer, it doesnt live to the GNR albums but still a must for any rock fan,  just listen to the solo on song 12 and email me what you think
630018403X|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out in 1986, and I've seen it several times since.  I now serve as a youth minister, and I think this movie is a vividly accurate portrayal of the fears and struggles that most teens face  in this &quot;Post-Modern&quot; world...finding your own identity, peer  pressure, relating to parents and other authority figures, etc...  Some  scenes are light-hearted and comical, others are deep and serious, showing  the somewhat contradictory lives that teens live today.  This is all the  basis for the plot, in which five very different high schoolers come  together for a Saturday detention, interact with one another, and  eventually come to appreciate each person's unique individuality.  This is  80's pop culture at its best!  A must-see!
6305372411|5.0|It is the greatest series I have seen on the Apollo program. Anyone who wants to be more knowledgable on the Apollo program must see this.
0783230893|5.0|If you're looking for an evening of great entertainment that will make you laugh and cry, this is the movie for you.  As many times as I have seen this movie, I still find it as fresh, funny, warm, and yet just enough  suspense to make it interesting.  What a rare mix of emotions.  Finally a  movie out of Hollywood that isn't blood, gore, sex, sex, and more sex.  Pur  entertainment.  A movie that when it's over, you feel like you have  definitely been enterained!
0140434143|5.0|I am an avid fan of Jane Austen's writing.  Her wit and social satire are brilliant and still incredibly relevant today.  While Mansfield Park does not, to me, surpass her brilliance with Pride and Prejudice, I found I enjoyed this book more than Emma, which I think is slightly overrated.  Mansfield Park had me on the edge of my seat for the final third of the  book--Jane Austen is a timeless author and a breath of fresh air to those  of us who are tired of the sex, violence and lack of originality so  prevalent in today's &quot;literature.&quot;  Three cheers for Jane!!!
B000000645|4.0|Sure, this sounds like an extremely pretentious piece of crap. What saves it is the following: 1) Heron and Williamson were not trying to be pretentious; 2) It explores grounds which defy classification; and 3) It is  unique in that it creates a sound which could have been recorded today,  tomorrow, or thirty years ago. It is in its way as naive and starry eyed as  those peace protesters you see in the news footage from the 60's.
6304711891|5.0|I just finished watching the Rock and it is a high octane thriller.  Cage, Connery and even Harris have phenomenol acting in this movie.  If you are in the mood for a great action thrill ride this is the movie to see.  The  movie is about Nicholas Cage (a biochemist), Sean Connery (an Alcatraz  escapee), and a group of Navy Seals trying to retake Alcatraz from some  psycho marines.  The marines are lead by Ed Harris who  is trying to get  money for the families of the people he lost on the black operations that  he did all over the globe.  A noble cause however not the right way to  approach it.  Finally, I think this is definetely a movie you should watch.   .
B000002KDW|4.0|The best live band ever. Imagine a Rolling Stones you felt like you could hang around with. They were big enough so everyone knew this band, but not so huge that it was &quot;uncool&quot; to be a fan. Thinking about them  makes me want to drink a pint and kick a soccer ball. Shame Rod got more  into being star than making good music. Real shame that Ronnie Lane is  gone- buy Rough Mix, better than any crap that Townsend did subsequently,  and Ronnie's work is great.
B0000027F8|5.0|Not popularly known as a serious musician let alone a talented lyricist, George Michael puts all doubts to rest with this magnificent 1990 release, his follow-up to the more upbeat and danceable &quot;Faith&quot;.  What's  more astonishing is that he was still in his mid-20's when he sat down to  write, arrange, produce and perform these insightful, romantic, wistful,  and sobering commentaries on the state of modern love and living, the best  of which are &quot;Praying for Time,&quot; &quot;Freedom,&quot;  &quot;Waiting for That Day,&quot; and -- for sheer boldness --  &quot;Cowboys and Angels.&quot;  All four songs surely reflect flashes of  genius and are among the best of Michael's career.  The fact is, few  musicians are better than Michael in turning a phrase.  From the opening  note of &quot;Praying for Time,&quot; you know you're in for something  serious, and you get it: &quot;So you dream from behind your door/Say  what's mine and mine is not yours/I may have too much, but I'll take my  chances/cause God stopped keeping score/I guess somewhere along the way/He  must have let us all out to play/turned his back/and all God's children  crept out the backdoor.&quot;  But the pessimism is tempered.  Depite the  dark imagery, the song is actually hopeful.  Musically, Michael scales new  heights here, especially with &quot;Waiting for that Day,&quot; which has  one of the best hooks you are ever likely to hear while evoking in the  listener deep feelings of nostalgia.  &quot;Listen Without Prejudice&quot;  remains one of the most unfairly noticed albums of the 1990's.  Buy it.   Some redemption is in order.
6305265488|5.0|This real-to-life Cinderella, actually Danielle, shows that there was more to the little cinder girl than a sweet demure nature. She is bolder, more intelligent, and no wear near as big of a doormat for her stepmother and  stepsisters. In the same respect the stepsister are a far cry from ugly and  wicked, well, at least one of them is. The story centers around the love of  a young girl for her father and also for her prince. But, can a prince love  a girl who has no father, and sleeps in the ashes? The lovers seem  unlikely, except for the help of one painter, who shall remain nameless.  This movie shows that true love conquers all, and, what goes around comes  around.
0783226063|5.0|I have always loved this movie, and was in for such a treat when I purchased this DVD!  The sound quality was wonderful, whenever someone comes over, I have to play a scene w/ the thumpers so they can get the full  effect!  Great flick! Do Buy!  &quot;The sleeper has awakened!&quot;
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan has always done a great job with vocals, arranging,and lyrics.  The performances on Ball are outstandingly fresh and spicey.  Not only has she brought a great new sound and vitality to some old favorites  but has also proved once again that she can meld with an audience.  Great  job Sarah and Band, Cammille Henderson brings the richness and Smoothness  needed to back up Sarah, Ball is sure to be a great success.
B000002BQK|1.0|After hearing the delightful &quot;Honey&quot; I figured Ms. Carey had finally decided to brave new frontier so I bought the cd.  How wrong I was!  Save your money and just buy the &quot;Honey&quot; single since it is  obviously the only good song she will ever make.  The rest of the cd is  pure dribble in true Mariah Carey fashion...
0385493800|1.0|As an avid Grisham fan, I was very disappointed with this book. Truthfully, I couldn't even finish it, which is unheard of for me.  But, Nate's journey to find Rachel just seemed to drag on forever and if that wasn't enough, I really had difficulty reading about the nasty  &quot;heirs&quot; to the old man's fortunes. They couldn't ALL be so  horrid, could they?  Very boring-I would not recommend this book to anyone.
B00000F1D3|4.0|I hated myself for buying, but I hated myself even more for liking it.  It certainly isn't anything deep yet if you are able to forgive youself this cd is great fun.  &quot;Runaway&quot; and the re-vamped version of &quot;We  All Sleep Alone&quot; are reasons enough to recommend this cd.
0684874350|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book-couldn't put it down. It's amazing for me to think I have nothing in the cupboard for dinner-when what I actually have is probably more than these people ate in one year! Anyway, a great  read. I would highly recommend it.
0380799006|5.0|If you have more than one child and want to understand the rivalry and bickering and arguing - AND gain insight on useful, practical ways to improve your children's relationship with each other - then read this book.  What makes this book so valuable is that the powerful ideas are presented  in a very down-to-earth, easy-to-read format that you'll enjoy.
B000001FY5|5.0|After the Wailers split, Marley released &quot;Natty Dread,&quot; and &quot;Rastaman Vibration&quot; -- albums of mostly classics that are marred by weak production.  Well, this album totally ends all that!  From start to  finish, this record is lush and rich in percussive and guitar  textures.<br />Also, it's all strong songs (well, &quot;Turn Your Lights Down  Low&quot; isn't too great, but...) that gel together perfectly --  definitely *NOT* the &quot;singles collections&quot; of &quot;Catch a  Fire&quot; and &quot;Burnin'&quot;.  A contemplative album that gets its  point across with fantastic production and superb songwriting.  Definitely  his post-Wailers peak.
6300189821|1.0|Those words pretty much sum it up for this turkey of 80's film making. To be fair there were really not very many good comedies during the 80's, (only 2 were Ghostbusters and the Breakfast club), but this movie was a  rock bottom. While there is nothing wrong with a fantasy of a mannquin  coming to life for the person who created her-it belongs in a childrens  fairy tale! If not for Kim Cattrall being as wildly attractive as she was  in this movie I might never have been able to get all the way through it.  Part two I have not seen nor do I have any desire to!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I`d only listend to the two download tracks, but that was the BEST what I`d ever heard of LIVE- ALBUMS. I hope Mrs.McLachlan realease more Live- tracks like this.
0790705141|5.0|Jack Nicholson and Shelly Duvall give both powerful and believable performances as Jack and Wendy Torrance respectively. The real star of this film though is the Overlook hotel itself. The most memorable scene for me  personally will always be the scene when Jack confronts Wendy and Wendy  actually walks backwards up the huge staircase while at the same time  defending herself with a baseball bat from Jack. When viewing pay close  attention to the scene when Wendy is left in the bathroom after Jack chops  down the door. Listen to the sound of the wind as it gives the scene an  errie and chilling effect.
0792839129|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever when I was a kid and still love to watch this movie. This movie is very exciting and entertaining for all in the family.  Too bad they don't make movies like this anymore. Dick Van  Dyke did an awsome job in this movie. A must see!
0440178002|4.0|Although I did not finish Shogun, I thoroughly enjoyed what part of it I did read. It is an extremely entertaining and exciting novel about a forgotten period. Despite the errors in Clavell's portrayal of Japanese language and to some extent, culture, as an Englishman, he has a  penetrating insight comparable with Pearl S. Buck and James Michener.  I  strongly reccomend this book to anyone. Its length is shortened  considerably by its intricate plot - a bit of patience will reward the  reader greatly. I salute Clavell on this magnificent book.
B000009ED0|5.0|This is truly a great album. I've heard a lot of albums in my time and I gotta say this is one of the best. If you don't like it then you obviously take life too seriously. It's fun as hell, all the songs kick a**. Get it  and you won't regret it I promise!!!
0553062182|1.0|As someone actually diagnosed as highly sensitive and high-strung in general, this book came as a recommendation.  If only this book was actually useful.  I got pretty disgusted by the author's pop-psychology and  pseudo-intellectual ramblings on how sensitivity is actually over-arousal  from one's environment.  The use of the word &quot;arousal&quot; for what  could have been more neutrally termed &quot;awareness&quot; was a pretty  big tip-off that this eminent psychologist and lecturer is pretty  insensitive to those around her and that this book is meant to make waves  and sell copies rather than actually help the people it is marketed  towards.  If you are indeed someone who falls into the category of highly  sensitive, or easily overwhelmed, or hyper-aware to the point of withdrawal  from society, get yourself some professional help and do not buy this book.  Many psychology self-help books are utter piffle and this book does  nothing to discourage that assertion.
630512065X|4.0|&quot;Cats&quot; was simply incredible.  I have watched it at least once a day since I got the tape for my mother for Christmas.  The singing was, despite being dubbed, still impressive, as was the dancing.  I was bowled  over by the talent of Jacob Brent, who played the magical Mr. Mistoffelees.   Sir John Mills' performance was touching, and Elaine Paige's rendition of  &quot;Memory&quot; was unforgettable.
6304613199|3.0|I would have felt a bit miffed if I'd paid cinema prices to watch this. However, on rental or cable this movie is worth a shot.<br />We all know the story by now...dinosaurs rampage and eat lots of people. What is mildly  surprising about this movie is the distinct feeling of deja vu. There are  no real additions in terms of feel to the original, other than a different  cast and a weaker plot.<br />Don't get me wrong - this doesn't make the film  unwatchable. Just bear it in mind while watching it. It's almost certain  that you'll love it if you loved the first, and there are some great (if  not a touch contrived) scenes.<br />It will, however, probably make you glad  they didn't (please!) venture into making a third.
6304806426|5.0|If you have ever loved someone, you can feel the pain in the ending scenes when he goes back to find her dead body, it blew my mind away... it is a passionate love story that you must watch with your loved one. It is a  remarkable story with many underlying threads, all of which come together  in the end. I guess that is the definition of a masterpiece. Visually ,it  is lyrical; beautiful photographic touches like when they show the lower  part of her neck as an abstract piece of art... Highly recommended.
6303148352|4.0|Jurassic Park has come under many criticisms and many adulations since it's release. Main areas of upset over the movie cover everything from lack of plot, not adhering to the original book, being a Crichton movie (his  plots all generally involve the same theme - watch WestWorld) and generally  being sold on graphics rather than anyhting else.<br />I'm not going to argue  any of these points. They are all valid, and they all have some  worth.<br />However, I do believe that in essence, the movie is well  intentioned. The idea was to utilise computer generation graphics to bring  us dinosaurs - which it has achieved. The plot is sturdy enough to support  this original premise, and the action enables us to watch the slick work  without, on occasions, even realising the non-existance of the  creatures.<br />If you can accept that original premise, and realise that you  are not going to get 100% accurate dinosaur behaviour (as if we could  tell...) then this movie is definitely worth a watch.
6300271439|1.0|face it folks, she can't act...she can't sing either but that's a different story.  anyway, this comedy is not funny unless the idea of madonna running around with a leopard and too much makeup amuses you.
0880381736|5.0|~All I will say is that this the book that got me hooked on reading.   Going through school I was forced to read total trash which put me off  reading.  Until one day, way back (damn I feel old) I bought a  computer ga  a quick note, my copy of the book was lent to no  less than 10 people all  of whom enjoyed it.  Happy reading  Peace  Zanthras
B00000C28M|3.0|All I will say is that I was personally at this performance in 1962(?) at Carnegie Hall.  When B. anounced that he and Gould couldn't agree on a single interpretation, you will hear on this CD a general laughter.  I sat  in the balcony and the student next to me booed.  His lone voice isn't  recorded but it describes my thoughts.  Neither B. nor G. lived up to their  performance responsibilites, which were, of course, to present a unified  performance of Brahm's great work. <br />You must decide for yourself whether  the student was right.  After the concert, I regreted not having booed too.   <br />John Ellis
0871137380|4.0|As a reporter, Bowden has really hit this one out of the park.  He takes a relatively forgotten and overlooked incident in a backwater African country and turns it into the poster child for the horrors of war.  I have never  read a more compelling account of what flying bullets will do to the human  body.  Bowden succeeds in spades in plunging the reader into the dusty,  blood-drenched streets of the Somalian capital.  However, Bowden introduces  so many characters in so many different timelines, that it becomes nearly  impossible to follow all the different threads of the story.  If he had  concentrated on only five or six major figures, it would have made it  easier to follow the tragic tale.  Nonetheless, this is an important book  about the horrors of war and one I won't forget so quickly.
6305095442|5.0|This movie is hilariously funny and creative.  I guess it's technically a horror movie but I think of it primarily as a &quot;comedy about horror&quot;.  Bruce Campbell gives a performance that puts most physical  comedians to shame and it's made even funnier by his good looks.  He simply  doesn't look like a wacky comedian.  I'd recommend this film to anyone  looking for laughs, originality, and just plain fun.
1558807381|5.0|This is one of my favorite fantasy movies of all time. It is the only one I know of that actually has a story about unicorns in it, and TOM CRUISE! I saw it the first time on HBO after it left the big screen, and I'm happy to  know there are other people out there who feel the same about this movie.  It may have flopped at the box office but in my heart it is indeed a  success!!!
6304806418|1.0|what an insult to Eva Peron, to be portrayed by such human filth as madonna.  the argentinians didn't even want them in their country to film this and who could blame them?  if you are a madonna fan you'll probably  love it, as she is her typical self-worshipping self.  if you're not a fan  don't waste your time.
0780623703|3.0|The phenominal intromagnetic colourizational effects collaberated with the high magnitude sound quality to produce a film which displays qualities both captivating and intriguing.  Miss Witherspoon charicterized the role of the daughter quite charmingly,  allthough I must admit to being shocked at some of her morrals, ( hint:  That scene in the car...)
0380973464|4.0|Having finished it and taken a few days to let it settle, I have come to the conclusion that Cryptonomicon has some of the best scenes of any Neal Stephenson book, but is just too large and far-reaching to hold together well. It is certainly worth the time it takes to read, hence the 4 stars,  but I can't really gush about it overall.<br />The high points: * The people  of Qwghlm * The Galvanick Lucipher * The division of Grandma Waterhouse's  estate * Douglas MacArthur<br />Only Stephenson would try (and succeed) with  character development by calculus. The reviews here keep comparing this to  Tom Clancy, but I just don't see it - Stephenson has some very big themes  here, just under the surface: Liberty, Responsibility, Quality - not  necessarily informing the flow of the story, but certainly informing the  characters and props.<br />Reccomended, but not as highly as his previous  work.
0380002930|5.0|The first time I read this book I was in the seventh grade.  I am now almost thirty years old and it still remains the most enjoyable novel I have ever experienced.  This novel has everything a reader could possible want; adventure, suspense, romance, betrayel, and never-ending mythology.   Yes, the characters are rabbits, which may not seem credible at the start  of the story, but soon you begin to realize that this is not just a tale  about bunny rabbits.  It is a tale of a group of wanderers who are forced  to flee the only home they have ever known.  Once out in strange and  unfamiliar surroundings they must learn to rely on each others strengths  and capabilities in order to survive.  While searching for a new home they  encounter many dangers along the way, from foxes and dogs, to man and his  many unnatural creations, to the most dangerous enemy of all, that of their  own kind.      You will be forever moved and touched as you follow the many  adventures of Hazel, Fiver, Bigwig and their friends.  I can't imangine  anyone coming away unchanged after reading about the rabbits of Watership  Down.
0064431789|5.0|This short children's book, which won the 1964 Caldecott Medal for best illustrations in a book for children, is about a boy (who has gotten into trouble because he has been unruly) whose imagination takes him to a land where he becomes King of the Wild Things. This is a great book. The only  thing unfortunate about it is that it wasn't around when I was a child.  Many scholars regard this book as important in understanding and  visualizing children's dreams and imagination. The New York Times listed  the book as one of the major works in children literature. It should be on  the shelf of any serious student of children literature; but then, it  undoubtedly already is.
6304316267|5.0|A brilliant demonstration of the effects of the automobile on the contemporary American cultural scene. Burt Reynolds's performance is only eclipsed by Sammy Davis Jrs estatic portrait of a Ferrari driving priest.  Reynolds's best performance up until the recent &quot;Cop and a Half&quot;.  Along with Chevy Chase, he is America's best arthouse performer.
B000002LCK|5.0|Just for the 12&quot; mix of &quot;Kiss&quot;, my all time fave track, period - the mother of all progressive and epic house today. And &quot;Blue Monday&quot; grabbed the torch from such gods as Moroder and Cerone, and  ran...and is still running. You must also purchase &quot;Low Life&quot;,  one of the most brilliant records ever made - does more for me than  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; or &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; ever could
630505116X|5.0|This movie has everything, action, romance(a little anyway),comedy, suspence, horror. The SFX are quite good and the movie moves along at a good pace, there is never a boring moment. The plot is very good for this  type of movie and the ending...well i'll just let you find that out. This  is a must see.
0375707972|3.0|I thought this was an interesting story, but after reading the book just consider it an average read. It's not long and easy to read...two of its best features.
B000002KBH|5.0|Some other reviewer gave the LP four stars and said he or she couldn't give it five stars because of Till the Morning Comes and Operator. Excuse me, but that person is clueless. Pigpen was on his way out and he knew it.  He'd be dead in a few years. Operator is a soul searching, soul wrenching  lamentation and his legacy to his fans. It's too bad the band only played  it live twice. It's a killer tune. Till the Morning Comes is a bit weak,  but overall, this album defines the Dead in 1970. (Workingman's is just a  tiny notch below it.) Operator, can you help me, help me if you please?
6303477259|5.0|PULSE is the best rock video I have ever seen. I am a 52 year old professional classical musician, but have been an admirer of Pink Floyd since 1973 when I bought DSOTM. The advent of CD's and videotape has  enabled me to re-discover this great band. This video is not to be missed.  It MUST come out in DVD.
B000000JO3|5.0|As those of us who were around in the early eighties can attest-- this was one powerhouse of a band that vitually defined east coast Hardcore. Live or on record, Minor Threat was the real deal-- more intense and credible than  1000 Lollapoloozas (or whatever the alterno/hippy gathering of the year  happens to be... Oh yes, Woodstock '99). If you want to understand American  Harcore, buy this record (along with the Bad Brains' Roir cassette, Black  Flag's first four years compilation, DOA's &quot;Hardcore '81&quot; and  perhaps The Dicks' &quot;Kill From the Heart.&quot; That should get your  heart started...
6304143184|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie.  nothing comes close.  If you haven't seen it already, I highly recommend it.  you will like this movie.
B00000IBRX|5.0|I left in tears. This movie is amazing! Yes the special effects are great, but it's the emotional aspects of the film that really hit home.
B000002IZ4|5.0|One of my all time favorites....I think CORE is better though.  I love every single songs in it.   I highly recommend this CD.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Having grown up with the Star Wars trilogy and its music I have been eagerly awaiting the new episodes and their music for years.  Now S.W.E.I. is practically here, and we are deliciously treated to an advance of the  movie through John Williams haunting score.  Many people have criticised  the CD for not including previous well-known themes, but what we all have  to realise is that it is a completely new film, with new characters and  itsown storylines.  In this context, we must also take into account that  is is a SOUNDTRACK, meant to provoke feeling and create 'ambience' for the  events in the movie.   Although the comparison to SW and TESB is  inevitable, we must review and listen to The Phantom Menace in itsown  right, and here is where John Williams paints us a new portrait of the Star  Wars world we have come to know and love.  With only a few references to  earlier themes, which he has masterfully woven into the new ones (the  emperor theme -  dark and foreboding in the Dartha Maul appearance - is an  excellent cut) Williams presents us with work that stands up there with  masterpieces like Schindlers list, TESB, Raiders of the Lost Ark,  and the  underrated ET.  The 'Duel of the Fates' is a piece that will stay in mind  for a long time, as is Anakinstheme  (which, like Anakin,  I hope will  transition in the next movies to its inevitable conclusion).  Tracks to  listen to with special attention - 14 and 15 are classic Williams and track  8 (&quot;He is the chosen one&quot;). John Williams does it again !
0790729989|5.0|This....story and I call it a story because it's not just a movie to me. It just so happens that Andrew Walker wrote the greatest movie ever written and it made more than 95 million dollars. I have The Seven Deadly Sins  tattooed in red on different parts of my body and needless to say it is  something I strongly believe in. I'm not going to ask that you  &quot;like&quot; this movie. I only ask that you understand it and if you  understand this movie then you've just taken a step to being human. As far  as &quot;hey do I want to see a good movie tonight&quot; you could watch  something else but if you haven't seen Seven it would be a Sin not to!
B000002LND|5.0|I WAS BORN IN 1986,so by the time I was around 10 or 11 Maddonna was not that popular with kids, but when Ray of Light came out,I really started to like her music.I really liked songs like Frozen, Ray of Light,and The Power  of Good Bye (so did alot of other people I know)I have the cd and I listen  to it,like all the time.SO I STARTED LISTENING TO SOME OF HER PAST  SONGS,AND I THINK THEIR REALLY COOL! MY MOST FAVORITE SONGS WERE LIKE A  PRAYER.LIKE A VIRGIN,CHERISH,LIVE TO TELL, VOGUE (HEY I LIKE ALL OF THEM)I  REALLY LIKED MATERIAL GIRL! BUT MADDONNA IS NO LONGER A MATERIAL GIRL,BUT A  SPRITRAL GIRL,AND THATS HOW I THINK SHE SHOULD BE RECANIZED!
0767824571|5.0|You have to see this movie and I'll tell you why, most if not all of your friends have seen it and when they bust out with &quot;The Vorpal Bunny&quot;  you'll have no idea what they're talking about and you will be  totally out of the loop to some of the best &quot;inside jokes&quot;.  Go  out and  rent it, buy it, hey  worship it i don't care but if I ever refer  to Monty Python and you don't know what I'm talking about  then &quot;I  will fart in your general direction&quot;.
B0000088ET|5.0|Having had the original vinyl from way back, I have always been hesitant about buying older music that has been transfered to CD.<br /> Not only has this incredible double album been carefully transfered with careful remastering, but with the inclusion of a second disc with the encores from the appropriate Japanese shows this is even a better aural experience than the first time.<br /> The only really true recommendation to you a prospective buyer is to buy it and PLAY IT LOUD!
B00000FCBC|5.0|IT'S METALLICA WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU EXPECT. NO OTHER BAND, BUT METALLICA COULD MAKE THESE SONGS OR ANY OTHER SONGS BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL BAND. THAT IS WHY METALLICA IS THE GREATEST BAND EVER. DEFINITELY KICKS SOME  MAJOR @$$ !!!!!!
B00000880Y|5.0|Truly, in my own humble opinion this is one of Donovan's greatest albums.<br /> Forget what all the music critics would have you believe about his music being one dimensional or even dated or not holding up well over the years.<br />The majority of Don's music is pretty good but this album, which was one of the few albums almost everyone growing up in the Sixites had, &quot;Open Road&quot; (which for one reason or another has not seen the light of day on CD, let alone remastered), &quot;Barabajagal&quot; and &quot;A gift from a flower to a garden&quot; are simply the best.<br /> This is of course written about the remastered Import version on BGO records and not the original US/Epic records release. Songs like &quot;Season of the Witch&quot;, &quot;Sunshine Superman&quot;, &quot;Writer in the sun&quot; and &quot;Three Kingfishers&quot; are of exceptional sound quality with the remastering treatment that was done to preserve the legacy that was Donovan at the time to be past on.<br /> I would highly recommend this to anyone, especially if you have children! But that is not a prerequsit.
6300214435|5.0|Is it just me, or is this just the best movie ever made?        I can't help it, but this is the most action packed movie of the 80's.        ok, watch him destroy kali ma, the secret temple, and set the Indian childrens  slave free!
B000009HF2|5.0|It's Peter Frampton, it's live, it's remastered, it's the biggest selling live album ever. What more do I need to say? Oh, just one more thing, GREAT music is timeless.
0399128964|5.0|Dune is the first science-fiction book which I had read. Till I read this masterpiece I thought science-fiction is just the battles of some star-ships. But it is much more than this. While I was reading I was  imagening the atmosphere of Dune. Events and the philosophy comes together  in this book. I read all the books of serial. I was excited with the  Atreideses, I was living with the Fremen while I was reading. I learned  lots of things from the serial. I reccommend everyone to read the other  books of the serial too. A reader from Turkiye (Turkey-Ankara)
0380973464|5.0|Right.  By now you know that he could have cut out several of the Stephen-King-reminiscent verbosity, but for idea generation it's a gem.  The way he deconstructs academia is worth the read alone.  I agree that it will appeal only to certain types (the scientifically inclined and hackers,  nerds and literati) but for those it will thrill.  Stephenson is showing  real signs of improvement; this exceeds Snow Crash or Diamond Age by  leagues.
6304083769|1.0|The animation may be great but the story is confusing and boring . Compared to even Macross II this movie really sucks.I thought there would be more of a story in it but its so stupid and I would say unfinished.A  waste of time.
6305365121|1.0|I had high hopes for STAR TREK INNSURECTION after seeing JOHNOTHAN FRAKES directorial debut STAR TREK FIRST CONTACT which was a classic. All the hopes I had for this film were dashed in the first five minutes that I  watched it  from the lame special effects to the script, This film gave me  visions of STAR TREK V a film I wish I could forget so all I have to say is  MR FRAKES shame on you!!! for such a letdown since your last effort.
B00000G3CK|4.0|Probably one of the eerie features of the film was that I used to live at an address of 216, so the symbolism had a little bit of extra &quot;funkiness&quot; if I may.  The film will pretty much have a very  select viewing audience.  It probably won't appeal to the mainstream, but  it does have the viewer smiling at its quirky moments and eerie mood.  As  you get into the movie, you feel yourself being drawn into the madness.   With each head episode the protagonist has, the results become increasingly  severe, pushing the viewer to cringe at each subsequent occurance.  If your  taste is more drawn to the mainstream, go ahead and watch a film with  sophomoric and easy to understand humor, with water added for a watered  down plot.  If you want a change from the everyday film, Pi is highly  recommended.
0345410025|5.0|Harry Lorayne, a master magician and card entertainer, is also one of the world's leading memory experts. &quot;The Memory Book&quot; will change your life, literally. In the book, Lorayne describes in detail several  memory techniques that, with a little practice, will have you remembering  virtually anything you want. Among the techniques, the three I use the most  are the Link, Substitute Words, and the Peg. The Link is used to remember  any number of items, such as 20 objects, etc. The Peg is used to remember  any number of objects in order. Using a phonetic type alphabet for numbers,  that is, assigning a consonant sound for each number, Lorayne shows how to  memorize numbers easily. The techniques really do work. Frankly, I've never  spent so little for something that has changed my life so much. One  testimonial is in order: I am a professional teacher. The first day of  class I use one of Lorayne's techniques in my class that allows everyone in  the classroom, including me, to remember the name of everyone else in the  classroom. And it takes less than 20 minutes. The systems work. The only  minor quibble I have with the book is that after reading this book, I also  read widely in the area of memory improvement. Other books have used the  identical techniques to improve memory, so I'm confused as to how much of  Lorayne's techniques originated with him, or were borrowed from the  literature. This minor point aside, you really do need to have this book on  your &quot;READ&quot; list. A real treasure.
0060930349|5.0|Apparently, some pencil-necked, postmodern revisionist history prof at Washington State has incited a \\"trash Paul Johnson\\" campaign on Amazon.com.  To capture the true flavor of Johnson's magnum opus, read the  review just below mine.<br /><br />Of course no historian is truly objective, but  history does consist of objective historical facts. Johnson demonstrates  conclusively, through his assimilation of both the great events and  historical minutiae, that America, guided by a moral vision superior to any  yet seen (especially socialist utopianism), is the greatest nation the  world has yet seen.<br /><br />As for the revisionists, to paraphrase Jack  Nicholson: Go sell historical relativism somewhere else; we're all stocked  up here!
6305358613|5.0|One of the best films of the year.  I truly believe that the Oscar should have been won by Cate Blanchett due to her miraculous performance of &quot;Elizabeth&quot;, at least she did win a Golden Globe award for best  actress in a drama.  After watching her portrayal of &quot;Elizabeth&quot;,  I could see why the Elizabethan era was considered one of the best period  of England's history, England had a very strong leader.  For those who have  seen the movie, I was amazed at how Blanchett at the end of the movie  resembled the paintings of Queen Elizabeth.  I had always believed that the  old paintings were exaggerated, now I can see where it came from.  Bravo to  Blanchett for doing such a remarkable performance.  I can't wait to see  what other roles she has played.
1558908420|5.0|We haven't seen a Sylvester Stallone like this since the first half of Rocky (I).  Although the film is the result of an ensemble effort, it hangs on Sherriff Heflin's broad shoulders, albeit occassionally uneasily.   Robert De Niro is outstanding as the outsider Internal Affairs officer who  isn't allowed to follow his instinct.<br />The plot is complex and densely  interwoven without overly tortuous artificial twists and turns.  You know  throughout that there won't be a happy ending and the conclusion leaves few  people standing.  <br />In a sense, the fictional town of Garrison is a  credible state of mind.  One can almost smell the dry-rot.  The portrayal  of an informal, yet powerful, hierarchy within the official police  structure is all too believable.<br />The direction does not insult one's  intelligence by over-explaining everything; you best pay attention.  The  music is perhaps bigger than the film itself but appropriate in providing  an animated but dark backdrop to what we see on the screen.
0684867621|5.0|I could not put the book down, King has done it again.  I felt like I was lost in the woods.  Great story of personal survival and dealing with what nature has to offer.  READ THE BOOK King fans you won't be sorry
0930289455|5.0|Just as Frank Miller &amp; David Mazzuchelli's perfect &quot;BATMAN:YEAR ONE&quot; is the definitive Batman origin story, so is &quot;THE KILLING JOKE&quot; the definitve Joker origin story. Far and away the greatest  Batman v.s. Joker story!  The characterization, story, and art is dead-on!  NOONE should miss this story--it's as essential to Batman lore as &quot;The  Dark Knight Returns&quot; and &quot;Year One.&quot;
6304117752|5.0|I believe this is the greatest musical ever made and possibly the greatest movie, too!
0684867621|5.0|A totally absorbing novella that pays homage to Bradbury's Something Wicked This Way Comes.  Instead of a smile carved into a waxen bullet, we have a transistor radio and a determined pitcher.  Brilliant!
B0000042H4|5.0|I just received my copy of Solti's ring from Amazon.com.  Needless to say, this collection is a must for anyone who wants to embark on a lifelong study of the monumental Ring Cycle.  Aside from the impeccible production  and thrilling performances, the work also has the &quot;feel&quot; of the  golden age of stereophonic recording, which of course it is a shining  example.  They just don't make 'em like this any more.  This recording will  literally be treasured for centuries to come...and now we can own a  remastered copy, for not much more (I would guess) than the orginal LPs  would have cost.  Highly recommended.  (And by the way, you won't find a  better price than this.)
630428540X|5.0|This movie should have won and Oscar.  I was sobbing at the end, but in a good way.  I love it!!
B0000025ZF|5.0|This album is no good to people with just one-brain-cell minds. It is so great that a certain level of intelligence and artistic taste is needed to get it. None of Pink Floyd albums without His Rogeness reaches this peak of  instrumental and lyrical quality. And Waters summoned God for the strumming  and picking chores. While those years Eric Clapton was playing poppish  rubbish, Waters put him in the real thing: blues guitar. I think that the  guitar solo from the &quot;Sexual Revolution&quot; is only comparable with  his works with Derek and the Dominos, especially &quot;Have You Ever Loved  A Woman?&quot;, and do not forget the acoustics through out the album. A  real masterpiece. Maybe this was rejected by Gilmour 'cause he cannot reach  Clapton's quality and feeling with an Strat in his lofty hands. I love the  voices and feel of the background singers too. Definitely a MUST if you  have more than a-brain-cell within yer skull.
6302517028|5.0|ALL THREE OF MY CHILDREN HAVE LOVED THE VIDEO. UNFORTUNATELY, I SHOULD HAVE REALIZED, THAT INSTEAD OF RENTING IT, I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT IT INSTEAD!!!
630471288X|5.0|The movie was one of the greatest I've ever seen.  Leonard Maltin doesn't know what he's talking about when he calls it &quot;overlong&quot; and hollow, and predictable.  Sometimes it seems if a movie doesn't have French  subtitles, it doesn't get the respect it deserves.
B000007VLL|4.0|At a time when most divas sound like crying infants, it is refreshing to hear the leather-lunged vocals of Bonnie Tyler.  Tyler combines the crispness of Rod Stewart with the brawn of The Dave Clark Five's Mike Smith  and the tenderness of Petula Clark to form a terrific vocal  package.<br />Tyler's brawn shines brightest in Total Eclipse Of The Heart and  Holding On For A Hero.  Eclipse is a duet for which credit should have been  given to the unidentified singer who helps Tyler along.  Hero is a  NASCAR-fast raver (even using the melody of an NFL Films riff used by MRN  to open its broadcasts) that leaves the listener exhausted at conclusion.   <br />Tyler downshifts to tenderness in It's A Heartache and Lovers Again.   Here her brawn comes through again, though tempered.  Complain if you will  that she comes on too strongly; she nonetheless does well.<br />Faster Than  The Speed Of Night combines a Meat Loaf-flavored melody (not surprising  given that the song's writer, Jim Steinman, also penned for ML) with  Queen-style guitar and backing vocals mixed with Supertramp-influenced  piano.  And it rocks.<br />Though it takes awhile to get used to many of the  songs on this album, it's still worth a listen.
B00000IQMT|5.0|WOW!!! i was awestruck by the end of this remarkable cd! john williams is the master yoda of the music world and damn, does he ever use the force!  the soundtrack was far better than i ever thought it would or could be.  what a marriage to the film. mixing the old with new and even more haunting  themes, mr. williams has created a true masterpiece that will live on  forever, long after all this initial hype wears down--now i can't wait to  see the film! i could not remove my earphones and played the cd straight  thru twice. do not hesitate-get in line now for this cd. truly epic and  awesome.
B000002UDV|5.0|Okay, here's the deal:  This is a great album.  Anybody who can't hear that is tone deaf and, well, stupid.  Sgt. Pepper is a great album, too.  Pet Sounds just happens to be better.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have yet to find a Sarah Brightman CD that I don't like, but this one is just outstanding.  Her voice just seems to get better and better - it has a fine bell-like quality.  The choice of songs on this CD is also beautiful,  and suits Sarah's style perfectly.  Her interpretation of the music from  The Mission and Titanic make your spine tingle! Her version of Nessun Dorma  would make even Pavarotti envious.  Just wonderful!
0446605409|4.0|Another of Demille's hard to put down novels.  I enjoyed it thoroughly, especially after the middling disappointment I felt after reading  Spencerville.  Detective John Corey is a funny, interesting, crude guy who  personifies Demille's talent for creating humor-filled wiseass main  characters.  Being a Long Islander by birth who now lives elsewhere, I  thoroughly enjoy his work.  Perhaps his best look at LI however, is found  in The Gold Coast.  I sometimes think that to truly appreciate Demille's  humorous main characters, one must be from the NY metro area.  As I have  traveled around the country, I have heard many people criticize us as being  rude, obnoxious, brusque, abrupt, abrasive and short tempered.  Well, many  of the descriptions are correct....if you're from NY.  So, why should John  Corey, a detective in NYPD be any different?  And remember, Nelson Demille  is a New Yorker, so of course, he imbues many of his characters with the  traits I'd be willing to bet he shares, too.  As I read this book, I  smiled and chuckled to myself many times.  Having left LI, the book helped  me to remember all of the things I loved about living there.  Unfortunately, the area Demille sets the novel in, the Town of Southold is  no longer remotely similar to the rest of Long Island.  It is what LI used  to be and is no longer.  His description of the area made me wonder if  Nelson Demille wishes some of the damage caused by the over-population and  over-development of the &quot;Island&quot; could have been prevented.  The  disappointment I found was the &quot;Ramboesque&quot; boat chase.  When I  read the book the first time, I thought it unnecessary and superfluous.  When I re-read the book the second time, I found the chase annoying and  amateurish.  But, that's criticism from a fan who can only aspire to the  over-all talent contained in this popular author from the place where I  Demille, could you please write more quickly?  I've run out of your books  to read and I want more.............&quot;
B00000255X|4.0|I love this album, but like many of the reviewers, I have to agree that some of the songs don't hold up to repeated listening.  Joey is too long, not In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida long, more like Alice's Restaurant Massacre.  Great  song, but not something you can listen to over and over.  Otherwise, it's a  wonderfully moody album--like a great spice rack.  Some songs you can  consume all the time, others are to taste.
0385493800|5.0|I found this book a refreshing change from Grisham's previous books. It is great vehicle for contrasting world views and an exciting story. I highly recommend it.
0399143793|4.0|Although the action begins in the first chapter, there is little familiarity between the reader and the characters. This can cause the first 75 pages to go a bit slowly.  However, Child makes up for this in the  gradual unfolding of the plot. I must say that I was slightly disappointed  with the conclusion, more specifically (w/out giving anything away) - with  the way things end up between all the main characters.  This was not  necessary in order to continue the character of Jack Reacher in future  novels.  So what if there are a few technical errors in the book.  Fiction  is just that - FICTION.  Enjoyment of the book is clouded by nitpicking  over minor discrepencies.  I enjoyed this book and must recommend it to  all.
B00000DFTH|1.0|I've been a diehard Sabbath fan since the first album.  I have stood by Sabbath through thick and thin and eagerly awaited their reunion - but this CD is nothing less than an embarrassment.  The music is flat, offkey; Ozzie  is a zombie attempting to make up for not being able to sing by screaming  &quot;f***&quot; through the whole concert.  The audience sings more than  Oz.  I was sorely disappointed - but I will always be a loyal fan.
B00000IQMT|4.0|John Williams is one of my favorite composers, even surpassing composers like Copland and Stravinsky. I've grown up listening to these Star Wars tunes and never get bored with them. The only thing that was not very  satisfactory was the pieces' dissonance &amp; extreme dynamics. Sometimes  it is just too hard to listen to the CD without turning the volume a couple  of notches. Then suddenly a loud passage appears, completely blowing my  ears off. Its rather dissonant harmony and twisted melody fit the theme,  but may be difficult for some listeners to actually enjoy it. Aside from  all these minor things, another masterpiece from John Williams. Bravo!
014028009X|5.0|This book has received some of the most vicious and petty reviews of any in recent history.  Of course if Fielding had been a man, she would have been universally appluaded for her exhuberent wit and candor and  entertainment skills.  As a woman she is ripe for marginilization and  outright crucifixtion.  How sad that we as a culture havent evolved to a  sense of humor about ourselves as women -- that every heroine must be  living alone and loving it, performing neurosurgery for charity, or ladling  soup to ophans unless she is to be praised.  The fact that this book  rocketed to the bestseller list and stayed there speaks for itself. I found  it fun, hilarious, fresh, charming and a great read -- bridget is self  deprecating, doesnt claim to be mother theresa or ghandi.  why must we wish  that on her?  nick hornby wrote with wit and irreverence about his sex life  and everyone just about broke a leg trying to deify him (I love him too)  but helen fielding is being skewered with red hot needles, and I'm not sure  why.  she wrote a comic novel, not a sequel to The Feminine Mystique.  So  what?  And it may be true that this book doesnt hit everyone's mirth spot  -- then why not just ignore it?  why go out of one's way to throw poison  darts?  I think I know why.  It's called Jealousy, and it's been aorund  since the beginning of time.  Ms Fielding deserves not derision, but  applause --  for a sharply honed novel and for starting a Bad girl trend  that moves away from the banal let's  not-offend-anyone-or-tell-too-many-truths claptrap that female writers seem  doomed to.  Helen?  I say write another book, make it even more shocking  and irreverent, and send your critics a superbly wrapped lemon they can  suck on.  I thought her plot was skillfill and would make a terrific film,  especilly the finale.  Loved it, and that doesn;t make me a mindless idiot.   It makes me human.
6305171769|4.0|I thought that H20 was definitely one of the best.  I have read the other complaints - and I bet most of them have never watched the rest of the Halloween movies.  Michael didnt know that his sister Laurie (Keri) was  still alive - when he broke in to Dr. Loomis' house and went through the  files he discovered that she is still alive!  He wants to kill his entire  family to end the curse of the Thorn.  That is why he came back after  Laurie and John.  I though the ending was great!  Having Laurie kill  Michael was definitely the best way to end it - he terrorized and tore  apart her ENTIRE life, and she wants revenge!!  If there is an 8 who will  be the killer?  If there is an 8 it will be LAME!!!
0767802519|4.0|An interesting and endearing film revolving around the unlikely match-up of a professional killer and a beautiful young girl with some MAJOR family problems. Jean Reno does a wonderful job of under-acting as the cold, stony  &quot;hit-man&quot; who is unwittingly and unwillingly dragged into the  troubles of a young innocent whose life is about to be ruined by some  crooked cops. These two produce such magic on screen together, that you can  almost forgive Gary Oldman his psychotic over-acting as the prime bad-guy.  The action scenes are both original and believable: genuine  edge-of-the-seat stuff.   Director Luc Besson finds a nice balance between  the drama of human interaction and the fast-paced action of a great  thriller.
B00000ILBK|1.0|Let's get real.  The Federation is at war with the Dominion and the crew of the Federation flag ship are out on a Love Boat cruise.  I don't know what the writers were thinking on this one, but they obviously weren't  thinking about what was happening in the Star Trek universe.  Let's hope  the next movie is more in line with what's happening on TV, or contains Q  or possibly even Spock.  Anything else will kill any further interest in  Star Trek movies.
0553108034|5.0|I have long been a fan of George R. R. Martin's novels, but nothing he has done before has been so well realized as this series.  Unlike some of the reviewers here, I found it very easy to pick up (after two years) and drop  right in where I left off -- I found myself so familiar with his wonderful  cast of characters that  -- unlike the first volume -- I almost never found  myself flipping to the character list at the end ... These people are real,  familiar, fully fleshed, and complicated, and he makes it easy to feel I  know them all.  A wonderful, and in my view, breathtaking, accomplishment.   I do agree with the others on one point.  George, don't make us wait so  long for Volume 3 (or 4, 5 &amp; 6 if my information is correct)
0899663036|5.0|A Tree Grows In Brooklyn is the story of Francie, Katie,Neely,and Johnny Nolan  and their lives as a family in WWI Brooklyn. It is a true classic and it and Gone With The Wind are my two favorite books.A Tree Grows In  Brooklyn has anything any reader could wish for ; sex, love, pain,  happiness, sadness, or beauty.It could be a children's book or an adult  book, in my case it is a children's book but my mom read it  so I guess it  could be either. A Tree grows in Brooklyn is a true page turner that  everyone should read.
0811821846|2.0|This book just doesn't work for me. It was cute and all, but I guess I'm just not enough of a die-hard fan. I donated the book to a highschool though and it seems to be constantly checked out.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Once again Metallica has proven what a versatile band the really are. What other band could make such old songs sound so good, if they wouldn't of put this cd out I would of never even realized that songs like Loverman, It's  Electric and Astronomy even existed and I don't know what the originals  sound like, but when Metallica is doing them they kick A__!! And another  thing, when they are doing Tuesdays Gone, they sound like they are having  so much fun, and what a great backup team they have, the Harmonica is  jammin'!!!! They haven't sold out, they are just showing that they can do  anything and a TRUE Metalica fan would encourage them to do so....THANK YOU  METALLICA!!!!!!!
0060392584|5.0|Within the pages of this book i came to concretely realize  . .  and place in perspective just what we live in.  Never have i been so blown away and completely enthralled with ONE human beings action towards a hippocritical  society. The worst part about this book is knowing that someday you WILL  have to finish it. A MUST read for any person willing to expand themselves  . . . and let me put it this way . .  for expansion's sake . . i absolutely  HATED Manson one long time ago . .  i felt the need to understand him  before i hated him . .  i read the book . .  and realised just how  ironically close my already existing life mirrors his. Just another  forgotten and unscathed mastermind.
0140430350|4.0|When I read the book I got the impression that I was given a unique  oportunity to look at the Victorian society and recognise the things that  were both good and bad about it. The novel is &quot;without a hero&quot;,  as Thackeray proclaims, but it is about the life and development of two  women Becky Sharp and Amelia Sedley. By comparing and contrasting the two  of them, Thackeray manages to show his readers that society in the  Victorian Era  influenced the development of the character of his  heros,  but not to the point of actually making them what they turn out to be. It  is a wonderful book, full of insight and ever so true for our own  time as  well. If you want to know many truths about the Victorians and their lives,  that's the book to read... You will, undoubtedly, enjoy the experience
B00000BKI4|4.0|finally!  geddy lee has resurfaced.  and this new, earthy band he's fronting is way cooler than his former band, Rush.  i feel this is geddy's best work since &quot;by-tor and the snow dog&quot; in 1974.  and is it  just me, or does the middle-eight of &quot;the funny bird&quot; sound  supiciously like &quot;la villa strangiato&quot;'s coda played backwards?   oh well, no matter.  welcome back, geddy, and keep rockin' and rollin' the  world!
B00000DHRZ|1.0|I'm convinced after listening to &quot;Americana&quot; 8 or 9 times; that The Offspring have offically reached previously uncharted artistic depths at this juncture in their careers. Essentially all &quot;Americana&quot;  is, is a bunch of obviously shamless plagerisims of older songs (they used  to be called &quot;covers,&quot; but not when they've rewritten the  lyrics). Oh yeah, great lead single fellas in &quot;Pretty fly for a white  guy'&quot; I guess that's testement to your Wildean wit. My overall  impression of these guys judging from the video's and these gormless songs:  are just a bunch of Alternative-Nation geeks that go through life bending  over for a cheap laugh and never once making an erudite or poignant musing.  For all of you who loath The Offsprings latest opus as much as I do; go out  and purchase &quot;The Record&quot; by Fear, it puts this unremarkable  piece of commercial dreck to shame.
630471193X|3.0|I loved the movie when it came out, and would rate the video or original release 4-5. It is a touching story of an average person demonstrating that we all have the potential to be more than we ever imagined. I was  disappointed that the DVD cut out several scenes, like Kyra Sedgwick's  character going to the local bar looking for John Travolta's character  after he disappeared. Another small scene of collecting flowers with Kyra's  character children.<br />I would have liked to have seen more extras, like a  mention of how the writer developed the storyline. What books or other  videos on the subject influenced this movie.<br />It rates a 3 because on DVD  where you can do so much more, taking out scenes seems like a waste.
B000009DUY|5.0|The man can't be human.  The humbling shock of the movie and peaceful resonance of the mellow brass produce an uplifting, soul-searching for patriotism a time since past.  A-1 again &quot;Johnny&quot;!
0525457585|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. It brought me closer to the characters thab any other book I have ever read. I feel that they will be a part of me forever. I look at the world differently, hopefully more open to others.  Thank you, Mr.Ende.
0790737345|2.0|Wondering why Wim Wenders wasn't credited for this blatant borrow.  An  attempt to copy the original, slight shift in character and story.  The result, a contrived effort to change a little here and there.  The  chemistry seemed to be lacking between the principals.  The singular  strength of the original story, proves that Wim Wenders vision splendid  endures, even if it had to be Hollywoodized.  Check out the original Wings  Of Desire-Wim Wenders, with a riveting cameo by Peter Falk.    City is  ultimately saved by it's well thought out soundtrack. ...A filmmaker
B000008GS2|5.0|this is what music is all about great songs and nicely writte
0767803434|4.0|I like Harrison Ford in this film and I think it is considered one of his best films, specially I like the idea of the film, and the sound was amazing and effective and makes your heart pounding the whole film.
6303426468|1.0|I saw this movie at a drive in theatre and was tempted to connect a hose to the exhaust pipe, feed it through the car window and start the engine. Carbon monoxide poisoning is a merciful escape from the sight of  Schwarzenegger going into labor dressed as a middle aged woman. Oh, the  humanity!
630441403X|5.0|Many people say that they don't like this movie because it is too depressing.  I say, &quot;Yes, but that's not the point.&quot;<br />The reviews above say it best--this is a love story, but most of all, it's a  story of unconditional love.  It's love that comes out of the most unlikely  places and touches people who think that they have nothing left to  give.<br />A dark, depressing film, but powerful.  Nicholas Cage is both  convincing and intense.
6305365121|5.0|Despite heavy criticism, I think that Insurrection was in the same bracket as the even-numbered films. It is the first odd numbered film to be as good as an even numbered one. It brought back the feel of the series, and it was  great to see more of the new Enterprise (In First Contact, the ship was  dark, claustrophobic and only the bridge and engineering were seen in  detail). Big improvement to the engine room and bridge sets (the silver  strips between the wall panels, and the new viewscreen, were nice details).  I get the feeling that nobody liked the emergency manual control stick. It  was an interesting piece of hardware- and at least it aknowledges the fact  that the ship has a manual steering linkage. The computer generated ships  were flawless, and the most convincing yet created. The briarpatch was also  the best nebula ever made (similar to the one in The Wrath of Khan.) Though  Insurrection was nothing wild story wise, it was true to the series. At  least this kind of story hasn't been done on Trek movies before. This film  also had the best locations ever. The mountains, lakes and forests make a  refreshing change. A stunning achievement on the part of the producers.  Micheal Piller writes good stories. At least there were far less plot holes  in this film that in First Contact, and a lack of convenient co-incidences  make this screenplay hold together better than First Contact's, which I  thought was let down by all the plot holes riddling it.
0880381736|5.0|I read this book about once every two years, and every time I feel like I'm visiting old friends.  I have a deep emotional attachment to the characters in this book - no other books have come close to achieving that  for me.  I also think that Weis and Hickman came up with a fascinating  concept of good and evil in their fantasy world.  I wrote a term paper in  high school about how the dynamics of good and evil on Krynn relate to the  justification of the existence of evil in Christian theology.  Altogether,  the book is entertaining, emotionally driven, and thought-provoking.
6304415346|4.0|First Contact was thrilling. The gigantic pullback shot out of Picard's eye at the beginning is magnificent. It makes you feel as though you're falling or floating. The ILM effects are top line, although the battle  sequence in the film was far too short. The best shot of the film was the  Enterprise eclipsing the sun. This story is an excellent followup to the  classic episode The Best of Both Worlds. (Although, I personally thought  the episode was better). Storywise, First Contact is a little divided. The  scenes that took place on the ship were spot on, but the earthbound part is  a bit irritating. also, there were not many scenes of the Enterprise  herself doing anything, and the film gets a bit closed in at times. The  only real drawback to the film is the plot that is holier than swiss  cheese. There are several plot points that are just far too coincidental  (like the time travel bit, and the fact that the Borg manage to get onto  the ship so easily). And the writers seemed undecided on the number of  decks that Enterprise has. Is it 24, or 26? And what is sickbay doing on  deck 16 in the engineering section? These plot mistakes clutter up the  otherwise superb story. Still, this one never fails to impress, but more  than any other Trek film, this one is best viewed in a theatre.
B000001FYZ|5.0|The scorpions rock our crazy world! These fine compensation mullet sporting lads have put out so many great albums. Not to mention their forty year old asses being able to fit in those tight spandex all these years.  The Scorps jam, and I would highly recommend this album to any red blooded  metal fan.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The first time I saw Aliens in the theatres I was about 8 years old.  I remember seeing the sentry guns scene.  But as I got older and watched it more, it felt like it was just my imagination.  But when I found out it  wasn't, OH MY GOD!!!!  This movie should be #1 on every sci-fi freak's  list.  I can't wait for my Special Edition DVD to arrive at my house!  5  xenomorphs, all the way!!
B0000041Q3|5.0|While it may be sacrilegious to say, I do not deny that I listen to this Turandot for Liu. As performed by Montserrat Caballe, this Liu is unrivalled, and this is a recognised fact by fans and critics alike.<br />Much ado has been made about the casting of the two great sopranos against each other in this opera where it is so easy to take sides.  Indeed, it has been noted that this recording could very well have been recorded with the two ladies switching parts.<br />In &quot;Signore ascolta&quot;, Caballe floats the climax with her legendary pianissimo for a extended time frame - it must be heard to be believed.  She manages to steal the show from the two big-name leads and rightfully, she has earned acclaim for her conribution.<br />Her performance in this recording is a &quot;tribute to and respect for Sutherland&quot; and thereby, we must give the title character credit. Not normally heard in Puccini, Sutherland has for once excelled for this composer.  She continued to make Turandot one of her calling cards and has been acclaimed the world over for her interpretation. As Turandot, her voice can manage the extremes of the role from the chilling riddle scene to the &quot;melting&quot; of the ice princess.<br />Her diction here is also quite an improvement over her previous recordings. While it may not be what the producers want it to be, many will remember this recording as &quot;the one with Pavarotti's &quot;Nessun dorma&quot;. Well, some publicity is better than no publicity. But indeed, his is the definitive reading of the great aria. Bold, strong, supple, bright and ringing, his voice lends an air of grandeur and passion to the record.<br />Zubin Mehta leads the performance and sets his seal of authority with a well cast and well performed record that is history in the making.
6300183971|1.0|Lynch, Sting, giants worms, a prologue spoken in a Russian/Latin combination......where do I begin? Incomprehensible, dull, pointless, mind-numbing, banal, utterly contemptable.....in other words, the sort of  film that is impossible to enjoy if one is sane, rational, and  intellectually sound. You stand warned: viewings may cause extreme  drowsiness and suicidal contemplations.
6303212379|5.0|Fun, well put together, and heartwarming.  This film is touching and increadibly funny.  I grew up begging my parents to rent this for me almost every week since i was 9 yrs old.  I AM NOW 23.  It still rocks the house.   Now I finally own it.  While wondering how many people actually take heed  in what we write here, I hope I can do something to make sure that this  film keeps alive and available for children and adults of all ages.  Everyone should own it.......
0345428056|5.0|On the book jacket Stephen Coonts writes that &quot;McNab is the best suspense thriller writer ...since Alistar MacLean&quot;.  I did not realize that Mr. Coonts was old enough to know of MacLean, but I am.  Andy McNab  may not be the best since MacLean, but he is assuredly a fine writer.  He  has developed a close knit plot, cleverly inserting various possible clues  and factions (PIRA, DEA, CIA, SIS, et al) into his storytelling.  As a  craftsman he has maintained continuity while providing the beginning,  middle and end of the story, never leaving the reader in a lurch.   &quot;The Guns of Navarone&quot; may have been better, but I read that  about 40 years ago.  I look forward to &quot;Crisis Four&quot;.
1572524413|3.0|Gabin is an aging gangster who has stolen gold bullion from Orly airport and wants to fence it so he can retire. But a rival gangster has other ideas and the rest of the tale deals with beaucoup double-cross, treachery  and a final death-dealing confrontation. The Fox Lorber packaging is  misleading--a very young Jeanne Moreau does not have a starring role, only  a minor supporting one. However they have atoned for this by releasing a  sharp, crystal clear print with new,  highly visible sub-titles. Gabin is  the star here giving a virile magnetic performance and showing why he was a  top star in France for over four decades.
B00000EZTQ|4.0|ok i ordered this like 2 months ago an it's still not here what gives?? it was gonna be a birthday present an if it dont come in time it wont be on time now will it. oh by the way nice movie.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is clearly the Smashing Pumpkins best album yet.  Don't be fooled by the early signs that this would be some electronic record.  Only a very few songs actually incorporate drum sequences, but the ones that do are well  done.  <br />Often Corgan sings to little more than an acoustic guitar or  piano.  Most fans of the Pumpkins maybe be confused at first but after one  or two listenings the true beauty of this masterpiece is realized.   Highlights include 'To Shelia', 'Blank Page', and the poppy 1979 inspired  'Perfect'.
6302135621|1.0|I couldn't  wait to get this movie, really thought I'd been missing something for years.  Then I saw it, didn't get it, didn't like it, but forced my way through the entire movie.  Maybe you intellectual, artsy  types go for this, but give me Star Wars any day!
0451196716|4.0|Awesome book, minus one star for the ending. Even if Garraty died, it would have been more clear or satisfying than the ending given. i love the comradery that develops among the boys and i felt that i was one of them,  just trying to stay alive. this book gripped me, as all of King's work  does.
B000003S2K|5.0|Having been an Eno enthisiast for many years...since 1982, I own all of the selections listed here to include many that are not. This work by Eno (next to On Land) is my favourite. The movements of each period strke me  deeply. It evokes thought on the &quot;big here&quot; and the &quot;long  now&quot;. A definte for Eno purists...
B00000ILDF|3.0|'Alien 3' is certainly not the 'Citizen Kane' of the 'Alien' movies, but it fares pretty well for its plot. I think that this film got so much bad press because the first two movies were so good, and by comparison, this  was just plain lousy. I do have to admit that this is the worst one of the  lot, but it isn't so bad that I can't watch it like all the other films.  Also, DO NOT see this movie without seeing 'Alien Resurrection.'
B000002TWN|5.0|This is one of the best CD's ever released. D'Angelo has a style all his own. I will be listening to this CD until I am old and gray.
B00000IBRX|5.0|Wow.  This is what movie making is all about - taking us to a place we've never been before, all the while enthralling us by the ride.  This is the most visually stunning movie I have ever seen. Couple this with a powerful  story of unconditional love and you've got movie making at its finest.  I  was deeply moved by the story.  I was very pleased with the joyous  presentation of heaven.  There's something in this for all faiths.
6305365121|5.0|I loved the &quot;Imzadi&quot; scenes and how they softened Picard's demeanor.  I don't think they used enough of the whole crew that we're used to seeing, or the battle scenes, but the special effects and stunts  (costumes, etc.) were awesome!!!
B00000IMYA|5.0|This is a stunning 2 CD set.  The music speaks for itself but the incorporation of the entire performance by Duke and his band, with all of the audience reaction and, you have to hear it to believe it, near riot (at  a jazz concert? in 1956?? give me a break!!) Disk 2, Track 6 &quot;Riot  Prevention&quot;, makes you feel as though you were there with the lucky  souls that WERE there (I was 7 years old!).  The liner notes must be read  just to get the story on how they were able to recreate the concert in  stereo, real stereo, not manufactured, and how the original LP record  release was a &quot;manufactured&quot; concert.  If you are an Ellington  aficionado and even if you have the earlier releases of Ellington at  Newport, this release is a must!
6302420245|5.0|Cary Grant and Doris Day at their best in one of the funniest movies of the time.  Back in the day when being a working girl was quite a struggle (still is at times!)Day encounters Grant when his limo splashes her new  coat on a corner in busy Manhattan.  How Rude!!  Grant decides to make up  for it by sending his top employee to apologize and reimburse her for the  outfit.  What ensues is a hilarious look at what every girl dreams of and  every man fears.......Marriage.
6302759110|2.0|I saw DRACULA and afterwards I felt letdown about it. Having seen BELA LUGOSI'S version I was hoping it would be like that unfortunatley it wasn't and here's why I think it wasn't as good as the above. I found that KEANU  REEVES and WYNONNA RYDER to be miscast in thier respective roles who they  play I won't say just watch and see what I mean. Also I found GARY OLDMAN  to be a little weak as DRACULA in his potrayl he didn't seem to scare me at  all. The only person who I feel saves this film is ANTHONY HOPKINS who's  great in his role who he plays I won't say but I'm sure you'll agree  So  all in all I can't recommend DRACULA.
0451191153|5.0|Ayn Rand's philosophies while thought provoking seem to trick the reader into doing exactly what she advises against. It's ironic that her philosophies preach individual thought and yet if one were to believe her  it would be the exact opposite of what she preaches. It's a must read for  architects just because the hero is based on Frank Lloyd Wright and for non  architects as well.
B000002I2M|5.0|Although there are some stand out tracks on other albums, LA Woman is the most pleasing album overall that the Doors produced and one which exudes quality on all the tracks. It is the most blues oriented of all the albums,  whilst still maintaining the &quot; other worldly&quot; mystic tone that  was the Doors trademark on tracks like L'America,  Hyacinth House, and the  WASP.<br />The production mix showcases equally the musicianship of the Doors  as well as the strong vocal talents of Morrison. The instrumentation is  more complex than in other albums, less pop oriented than other Doors  albums - the Doors were coming out of their musical adolescence with this  one. If you own one Doors album it has to be LA Woman.
6303454488|5.0|For years, Bob Dylan has been putting out songs for every generation.  For the short fourteen years of my life, I have come to appreciate his songs, for they truly come from a gifted man.  His performance was wonderful, and  I would reccomend it to any Bob Dylan fan young or old!
B0000025SB|3.0|How many of you bought The Final Cut when it was first released? Those who did recall the aridity of those times, more than two years into the Reagan regime; and remember the few bands we looked toward as saviors, the new  albums we awaited like Revelation. We were still one year short of the  Orwell jeremiad, yet the gray mind-glue factories of soul-killing blandness  were in place, w/ Men At Work strapping us with blinders, and the Police w/  their feedbags of Hall &amp; Oats. Rock was greedy, empty, and soft.  Animals and The Wall were years in the past, their primal assaults now  faint from overplay, their scabrous eloquence a fact yet ever-dimming as  the political winds grew colder. But now it was Spring, and an uncommonly  warm Easter. The Final Cut was finally in the stores. I remember its  factory-fresh smell, the gunmetal gleam of its lavish gatefold jacket w/  the glorious photoart and the lyrics beneath. I admit that I read all the  words several times before I gave it a listen. And...I remember thinking  that it was not the lyric of a rock album. The words did not convey  excitement, hope or anger--complaint, yes, but of a moping, impotent sort.  Cloying, misty nostalgia for a Pre-War England that Roger Waters knew  nothing about (he was a tadpole). Suicidal futility. Nasal shrillness about  how the world is an abortion because we no longer show proper respect for  the old pieties and civil authority. How subversive! For Rock to kill its  enemies it needs bold sweep, a singleness of purpose, it has to know what  it believes. Waters tries to make peace w/ the villains he pilloried in The  Wall, the authoritarian bullies of postwar England who killed the Nazis and  became Nazis in the process--he tries to enlighten us w/ the Schoolmaster's  point of view. Waters tries Complexity, he spins Ambivalence around like a  new toy. Need I add that this is the death of his muse? After digesting the  depressing words, I put the record on. The music fit the lyrics.The songs  and motifs were somber piano tinklings. The guitar bits were aimless, fey  noodlings. My God, those Ronettes on &quot;Not Now John&quot;. For the  pits, a wheezing saxophone solo. Thank you, Floyd, for this cold bucket of  gormless bile on my youthful fire. ***A short time later I heard U2's War,  which came out the same week and which possessed all the beauty and rage  and brilliance Floyd had lost, or never had. Odd, the paths Life shows us.
0425129586|5.0|After you've read the last chapter, you'll see that this one is much more of a &quot;how&quot; dunnit than a &quot;whodunnit&quot; (no peeking, please). The denouement is truly spectacular!  Buy this book; you will NOT  be disappointed.  Agatha Christie's plotting skills approach the genius  level.  By the way, if you want to experience a highly unusual tale from  the mind of Dame Christie, check out the killer in Endless Night, a superb  5-star psychological murder mystery. Cheers!
0553108034|2.0|It's really hard to relate to his characters.  You only get about 8 - 10 pages at a clip, and wait over 100 pages until you get back to them.  Really crowded!!!  Too many characters, and most are under the age of 13.   G. R. R. shows his lack of connection to this age group (and female  characters especially) by making most of them wooden - you really start  hoping that they die soon just to get them out of the way of the more  interesting figures - like the dwarf.   I won't be reading the next  installment...
0767835107|5.0|this dvd sill satisfy all your entertainment needs and more. it is funny sexy and incredibly interesting. If this was a book it would be a definite page turner.
0553573403|2.0|Poor character development and plodding plot.  The author brings in interesting events (like the dire wolf discovery) and never really develops them in time to keep you interested.  Female characters especially are  poorly done.  Yuck!
0783233477|5.0|I gave up listening to critics a long time ago.  Buy this movie and you will see why.
B000002IVF|3.0|After hearing the lackluster &quot;Oh Yes I Can&quot;, I was skeptical of the next Crosby solo shot. Even the cheap/ugly cover artwork turned me off and still does for that matter. But once you get past all that and the  first 2 tracks, which are a bit long, then it becomes clear that David  still has something left to give. &quot;Old Soldier&quot; should be his  theme song. This tune is great with its extended instrumental ending.  &quot;Through Your Hands&quot; is another very original tune which is top  quality. &quot;Columbus&quot; is a good efort. &quot;Helpless Heart&quot;  will make anyone who is or has been in love, misty eyed.  &quot;Natalie&quot; is another good effort. Overall 3 stars, but there are  some 5 stars tunes on this one.
B000003RCY|5.0|In my opinion Herzeleid is far better than Sehnsucht. I recommend this to anyone that likes techno/metal/industrial. An absolutely awesome sound.  And if you ever get the chance, GO SEE THEM LIVE.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought this from listening to the samples right here and I can say that this is really an exceptional piece of work from start to finish.  Hasn't left the tape deck for two months...
B000002BE9|5.0|Excellent Work.  Sleep To Dream is one of my favorites for getting into that &quot;Get out of My way and let me work&quot; mood.  Her arrangements are great and the music is very well instrumented for a first work.  The  only thing really different from the angst of the rest, however, is  &quot;Slow Like Honey,&quot; which is a very nice torch-ish song.
0679601686|5.0|When I first discovered Pride and Prejudice, I thought I stumbled on a gold mine. Jane Austen has been my favorite of authors ever since. To date, I have read the book three times in less than three years. I have fallen in  love with both Lizzy and Darcy each time, and consider them great friends.  Mr. Collins never fails to make me laugh, nor does Mr. Bennet. I always  pity Charlotte in a way, but then, after all, she chose her own hard lot...  Don't know what I mean? Read the book, and you will never wonder again.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I have found this Cd to be great.  There are many songs that are worth listening to.  Many songs speed the sense of danger and excitement,  others stroke fear, many are also comical.  Also with Anakin's Theme and Queen  Amidala, the careful listener will find samples from characters that appear  later on in the trilogy, like the imperial march for Anakin.
6300181278|5.0|Buy i
6303481272|5.0|This is one of the best animes I have ever seen, it ranks right up there with Akira.  Ninja Scroll has excellent artwork and animation, not even the smallest details are left out.  The only downside to this anime is a couple  of rather graphic sex scenes, so be prepared, but aside from that the rest  is pure action.  Jubei is also one of the coolest characters I have ever  seen, and all of the characters in the anime balance out rather well.  As a  final thought, the sword fight between Jubei and Mujuru, the blind  swordsman, in the bamboo forest, is the best action sequence in any anime,  period.
0671891634|2.0|The first half of this book picks up where his previous (and much better work) One Up on Wall Street left off.  About half way through though Lynch veers off and rambles on and on about SNLS and other obscure stocks thereby  abandoning his &quot;buy what you know&quot; theory (unless, of course you  are an investment banker and probably wouldn't need this book). A big  letdown after loving his first book. Difficult to get through after first  half.  Better to re-read OUOWS again.
B000000WG4|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I was just beathless.  This Cd was the best CD I've ever heard.  Now I know why everyone likes it so much.  I would suggest this CD to anybody who likes any type of music.  I learned about  Mike Oldfield from Richard Branson's autobiography &quot;Losing my  Virginaty&quot;, another favorite of mine.
B000000WCA|5.0|This is excellent. I prefer it to SpiceWorld. The best tracks are 2 Become 1, Love Thing, Last Time Lover, and Who Do You Think You Are. Keep going girls!!!
0792836014|3.0|This disc looks awesome and the performances here are exceptional, but the sound quality is terrible why would they not put this in 5.1 dolby digital? the cd sounds great and these are wonderful songs but iam very disapointed  with the sound.
B000006NXP|5.0|There is no shortage of great interpretations of this extraordinary symphony, but this one is rather special. Despite having the great VPO, which can produce the most opulent sounds imaginable (listen to  Barbirolli's recording from the 60s!) Kleiber opts for a lean, rather  austere sound. His tempi are fast, and the dramatic climaxes - the coda of  the first movement, for instance - are punched home with the greatest  vehemence. He eschews any hint of sentimentality in the slow movement, and  the final passacaglia movement is simply sensational: Brahms marks it  &quot;allegro energico e passionato&quot;, and that's exactly what we get.  Kleiber's grasp of the architecture ensures a tremendously powerful  cumulative impact. In the end, there is no doubt that this is one of the  greatest tragic experiences music has to offer, and this performance does  it full justice.
B000002UWF|5.0|louis prima  is  the king    i can't get enough of it . i get  sad everytime i realise  he's gone. all we have  are his recordings  and thank goodness for them.
6302799066|5.0|My lasting impression of &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is, &quot;This could have really happened!&quot;<br />Consider that on January 25, 1995, a Russian radar crew mistakenly identified a Norwegian scientific rocket as an  incoming missile.  In Moscow, a signal went out to the nuclear briefcases  which always accompany President Boris Yeltsin and top defense officials.   In addition, urgent radio contact was made with Russian submarine  commanders.<br />For the record, the Russian government had been notified  several weeks earlier that the launch was coming, but no one told the radar  crew.
0679805273|5.0|This book shows what a charming Genius Dr. Seuss was in his unique writing for children (and adults who still love his books).
B000002MZ9|5.0|This is a Neil Young and Pearl Jam record despite the fact that it's only credited to Neil.  This CD shows that classic rock and grunge aren't as different as they are made out to be.  Every song on this is a winner, but  my favorite is &quot;Peace And Love&quot; cowritten by Young and Vedder.  I  used to like &quot;Downtown&quot; until it got played to death by radio  stations.  Pearl Jam later released the &quot;Mirkin Ball&quot; CD which  included Vedder songs that were left off this one.
0671027344|5.0|I dont know if the people who wern't touched by this book were reading the same one I was... I am not a teenager, but I could identify with charlie more than any other book i have ever read.  The person who said that she  didn't know anyone who had an experience like that in highschool must have  been a snotty cheerleader who didn't look past her clique.
B000002KM6|5.0|VH was never better than this '81 release.  Eddie's furious riffs, Alex's unmistakeable thunderous beat and David Lee's clever lyrics and primal screams combine to make this lesser known album a classic that will stand  the test of time. You won't find any better than this, particularly the  first five songs.  Awesome!!!
630471288X|5.0|I agree with the previous comments, Shawshank was a movie that deserves much praise.  I for one rank Tim Robins as well as Morgan Freeman in my Top 10 List of best actors and this movie is a big reason why.  And yet there  were no Asteroids or Aliens trying to conquer the world and no amazing  special effects to dazzel you, I wonder why it is so good...  Could it be  the brilliant yet simplistic plot and deep characters?<br />It appears (cross  your fingers) that it will be out on DVD on June 16 according to Amazon.  I  hope this is true.
B00000DFSK|5.0|u2 gets down and dirty with this release of the best hits.  they truly show that they are the all time best group of the 80's and still in the 90's.
B00000CQJZ|4.0|This was the first film version to tell the tale of Richard Hannay's quest to clear his name and stop a group of spies from passing on secret information. Wanted for questioning involving a murder Hannay (played by  Robert Donat) must get to Scotland, a clue bequeathed to him by the murder  victim. The problem is who can he trust? Can he get anyone to trust him?  His one hope is a young woman he meets on the train to Scotland but she  believes him to be the murderer. With time running out Hannay must find out  what the spies are up to before he is caught and imprisoned for a crime he  did not committ.<br />This is a wonderful film, much better than the first  remake starring Kenneth More. There are some wonderful touches of humour in  the film and a good degree of tension.<br />This is a good DVD transfer, very  good for such an old film. The sound quality is fine although some people  might be expecting something better. Considering the age and condition of  the film this is a good print.
B000001EMW|5.0|Having read the above &quot;review&quot; from Steffan Chirazi, I am rather sadly reminded of a much overquoted saying; &quot;Those who can - do, those who cannot critique!&quot; The tradgedy is that the above reviewer,  regardless of any &quot;training&quot; and &quot;accomplishment&quot; has  apparantly  failed to absorb the singularly most important concept in music  - it is to be heard. We do not listen to Mozart because he was technically  brilliant, nor Chopin for his virtuosity. One does not applaud the speaker  for speaking, but rather that what he says takes root within us, and stirs  a common chord. Herein lies the flaw in his critique , he is measuring less  on the merit of the work so much as its failure to fit within a limited  rubric, (i.e. he is using the wrong tool for the job). I will submit that  though the works are limited by their genre to a certain lack of diversity  in insturmentation (they were originally written for electric guitars and  drums and thus limited to the parameters thereof) their solid composition  proves itself by its ability to affect  listeners as strongly regardless.  Perhaps if one were to question the genre of classical music (What makes it  &quot;classical&quot; in the first place?), one might get a hint at my  message. Or perhaps one should throw out any notion that it is the works,  and not the instuments, nor even the musicians themselves that are of any  consequence.  Or perhaps Segovia was a fool for transcribing Bach to  guitar? After all the pipe organ and harpsichord are as popular among  modern composers as they ever were.. And yet we seem to manage to give  these young &quot;ne'er-do-wells&quot; our consumate blessing as geniuses.  Perhaps it is the yard, and not the yardstick that matters? Perhaps; but I  doubt Steffan could agree....Thankfully, it is up to you and not Steffan  wether you choose to listen! We mortals live such a short life...why waste  it on limitation?
6305363668|5.0|Bladerunner is based on a book by Philip K. Dick called &quot;Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep&quot;. To fully understand this film you need to read the book. After reading the book you won't beleive how much more there  is to the story. I first fell in love with the movie, ( and by the way I  like both versions, each has something different to offer)and years later I  read the book. Now I love the movies even more. I consider this to be the  best scifi film of the century! To all the other fans I can only say &quot;  READ THE BOOK NEXT!!&quot;
B000008FNB|5.0|this album is the best i have ever heard.  i love the mac and this is the best. it has all the best hits, all the best symphathy songs, and ALL the best love making songs. i will always be here for anything new and will  ALWAYS love Fleetwood Mac....#1
B00000DFSK|5.0|U2 gets down and dirty with this release of the best hits. Tthey truly show that they are the all time best group of the 80's and still in the 90's.
B000001EMW|5.0|Having read the above &quot;review&quot; from Paul Elliott , I am rather sadly reminded of a much overquoted saying; &quot;Those who can - do, those who cannot critique!&quot; The tradgedy is that the above reviewer,  regardless of any &quot;training&quot; and &quot;accomplishment&quot; has  apparantly  failed to absorb the singularly most important concept in music  - it is to be heard. We do not listen to Mozart because he was technically  brilliant, nor Chopin for his virtuosity. One does not applaud the speaker  for speaking, but rather that what he says takes root within us, and stirs  a common chord. Herein lies the flaw in his critique , he is measuring less  on the merit of the work so much as its failure to fit within a limited  rubric, (i.e. he is using the wrong tool for the job). I will submit that  though the works are limited by their genre to a certain lack of diversity  in insturmentation (they were originally written for electric guitars and  drums and thus limited to the parameters thereof) their solid composition  proves itself by its ability to affect  listeners as strongly regardless.  Perhaps if one were to question the genre of classical music (What makes it  &quot;classical&quot; in the first place?), one might get a hint at my  message. Or perhaps one should throw out any notion that it is the works,  and not the instuments, nor even the musicians themselves that are of any  consequence.  Or perhaps Segovia was a fool for transcribing Bach to  guitar? After all the pipe organ and harpsichord are as popular among  modern composers as they ever were.. And yet we seem to manage to give  these young &quot;ne'er-do-wells&quot; our consumate blessing as geniuses.  Perhaps it is the yard, and not the yardstick that matters? Perhaps; but I  doubt Paul Elliott could agree....Thankfully, it is up to you and not  Steffan wether you choose to listen! We mortals live such a short  life...why waste it on limitation?
B000002WPI|5.0|This album's quite good, and the best tracks are 2,4,6,8,9,10, and also that remix of track 4 on #12. Everybody's just better sounding in rhymes and beats than their solos, even though their solos are hella tight, too.
6304240562|5.0|THE MOVIE IS SPINE TINGLING ENTERTAINMENT FROM THE BEGINNING TILL THE END, IT FEATURES SOME FINE ACTING BY THE LEAD SWAT CHARACTERS AND A GREAT SUPPORTING CAST. THE ZOMBIES ARE A LITLLE UNREALISTIC BUT THE MOVIE IS OLD  AND EFFECTS HAVE IMPROVED SO MUCH THAT WE ARE A LITTLE SPOILED BUT THE OLD  FASHION GOOD SCRIPT IS THERE. THE STORY MAKES SOME SENSE AND THE PLOT IS  ENGAGING AND MANAGES TO MAKE THE VIEWER TRULY INTERESTED IN THE  CHARACTERS..IT IS A MUST HAVE MOVIE FOR ANY HORROR FAN-A RARE MOVIE THAT  TOPS EVEN THE FINE ORIGINAL FILM.THIS MOVIE REMADE TODAY WOUDLD BECOME AN  INSTANT BLOCKBUSTER.
6301744136|5.0|Short Circuit is one of the best movies I ever saw!  Nova robot Number 5 gives lots of laughs and stuns you with the impressive robotic technology he has.  I'd recommend this film to anyone who loves high-tech, likes to  laugh, and loves to watch action-packed movies!
B00000IL1K|5.0|If you like music that can move you inside, this Album will do it exceptionally. Her voice is the most seductive l have heard.
6305399212|5.0|Since the director cut is also being released on vhs that means I can hold off on buying a DVD until they go down in price.  Thanks Fox!
6302413931|5.0|THE MOVIE IS GREAT AND PROJECTING THE INSANITY OF THE WHOLE CONFLICT, FROM AIMLESS MISSIONS TO LACK OF DIRECTION FOR THE GI'S. IT IS A DARK AND DISTRUBING FILM-BUT THE VOICE OVER BY MARTIN SHEEN IS CLASSIC/AS WELL AS  HIS ACTING ABILITY. COPPOLA SUCCEEDS IN PLACING THE VIEWER IN THE MIDDLE OF  SENSELESS WAR WITH NO CLEAR ENEMY. MARLON BRANDO IS NOT AT HIS BEST HERE  AND THE FILM IS A LITLE LONG BUT IT IS DONE SO WELL CHARLIE SHEEN WAS ASKED  TO DO IT AGAIN IN THE ACADEMY AWARD WINNING PLATOON, BOTH FILMS ARE A MUST  HAVE.
B000001GRE|5.0|What we've never felt in Mahler is the predictablness of his creative means, the rhythmic pulse,the recurring harmonic language and the melodic &quot;lives&quot; which emerge. Not in the obvious ways through his emotive  spectrum from enchantment to funeral-like dirges but rather the way  Mahler's rhythms seem matted to the sound. A consistent pulse of  symmetrical patterns, fours and Sixes, or a Waltz never changing ,creates a  philosophical severity to my mind. Without rhythmic changes music remains  lugubrious, burdened. And this is what Boulez clarifies in Mahler,sometimes  like a surgeon letting you see things you really would rather not see. We  also hear the sublime ugliness, the mixtures of brass and woodwinds with  emphasis on the lower darker colours. Boulez's proclivity for the pure  abstractedness in music I think leads him here toward this kind of  obviousness because ultimately Mahler doesn't move in terms a depth,he is  not about motivic development, he didn't know what that meant, at least for  his own private creativity.Instead his music moves from event to  event,relentlessly but withthe conviction in symphonic form as the means of  cohesion. A fascinating aspect of Mahler was that his convictions were not  always strong and his music questions what beauty was as well as affirming  it. The&quot;Seventh&quot; is the darkest work here of these late  symphonies, and again Boulez feels it on all these questioning, levels not  only obviously dark instrumental colour but rhythmic heaviness and one of  incessant repetition of a few melodic means. The result for me was more  unsettling than an affirmation.
B00000IBRX|5.0|A visual masterpiece!  The most moving film to come along in years.  If you've ever lost anyone close, it will hit home with its story of love, pain, loss and redemption.  I only wish I knew more about art because some  of the images help tell the story (as a great film should) and I'm guessing  that they were inspired by masterworks of impressionism.  Williams gives  another tragic performance with a touch that only a gifted comic can.  Gooding and the rest of the cast were great.  If you've ever though about  love and loss this film will leave you thinking...if not crying.
B000002KAT|5.0|I started to write that the album is &quot;out of this world&quot;, but it's not accurate. This is such an incredibly earthy surge of music that the phrase just wouldn't capture it. <br />I can remember the first time I  ever listened to this album -- I think the only Van Morrison I'd ever heard  before that was &quot;Moondance&quot; and &quot;Brown-Eyed Girl&quot;. The  cuts from AW never get played on the radio, even now. Maybe that's why I  never see it for sale today in music stores -- the only place I was able to  find a copy was through Amazon.com, which blows my mind. To borrow someone  else's comparison, it's like being unable to find a copy of  &quot;Ulysses&quot; in a bookstore.<br />Anyway, my first boyfriend played the  entire album for me. Maybe it was a test, or maybe he had no motive except  to share the joy. When the needle touched down (vinyl days) and the first  cut started playing, all I could hear was Van's flat-out weird voice. It  sounded freakish, novel, dissonant, like nothing I'd ever heard, a sound I  would never comprehend. I had always liked what I'd learned by default:  melodic, catchy vocals, songs that hooked me quickly and presented no  challenge. Van is an acquired taste -- music for adults. <br />I can't  remember how long it took me to bring this album to heart, to hear it  without preconceptions or an aural pop filter. I think less than a year. I  was eighteen, nineteen. After a while it sunk it, like learning a rhythm.  You can't really listen to just one song on this album -- if you don't  listen to it all at one sitting every time, I can't believe it's really  swept over you completely. It's the one album I've ever come across that  forces me to listen in the way I'd look at a painting: to have no choice  but to see it all, to take it in all at once.<br />I wish I could describe my  impressions of it more generally, less personally, but other people have  done that better already. I just want to say that if the only Van Morrison  you've ever heard is the same two songs they play over and over on  &quot;classic rock&quot; radio, then get a copy of this right away -- and  if you don't like it after six months, give it to a friend and let the  music find its way home.
B000001OAA|5.0|. . . especially fun to listen to when you're down.  Many good songs, although I'm surprised more people don't like fix me now.  It does border on the Euro-trashy, but they do it well...
0812550757|5.0|The first 50 pages I found really hard-going and kind of preachy. I hated the way Card was always finding the pure, good core in every character. I don't think everybody is fundamentally good. At that point I would have  given the book three stars top!<br />But suddently, the sun came out and it  was good: The story pushed ahead, breathtaking revelations about the  pequeninos, very good characters, real suspense!!<br />It's not at all like  'Ender's Game', but that doesn't make 'The Speaker For The Dead'  inferior!<br />I just finished 'Xenocide' and was disappointed!
B000000OA6|5.0|Innuendo hits you in the face from start to end and it never grows old.  That, more than anything else, remains the most important quality of any good album - you can listen to it over and over again for eight years  without getting bored.  The title track sets the (high) standard for the  rest of the album, which sounds highly interesting, to say the least.
0606001034|5.0|Maybe becuase these things really happened I love The Diary of Anne Frank even more.  She may write about what other teenagers write in there diaries but that's what she was, but there's know denying that her experience was  like any others.
B0000019PA|5.0|This is an amazing album. Jeff Mangum's beautiful voice croons out some of the deepest and most meaningful lyrics I have ever heard. This record is filled with great folky acoustic tunes, with stunning horns and cool fuzz  bass. Two-Headed Boy is one of the best songs recorded in the '90s and all  the songs are great on a stellar level. Every inch of the record is new and  original and exciting. To put it quite simply, In the Aeroplane Over the  Sea is the best album of the decade, and its eactly what music should be.
B000002MP2|5.0|This album absolutely rocks. From the loud, brash Welcome to Paradise to the sad, but cool FOD. This is definetly Green day's best album and as a bonus, it has the greatest inlay card ever!
0060916540|4.0|How far can the human body be pushed before total collapse? What can the mind endure before succumbing to what seems like inevitable termination? Joe Simpson's tale of survival after what should have been a fatal  mountaineering event begins to explore the limits of human capability.  Readers in our book group felt the prose was not first rate but written  well enough that few wanted to put the book down. This book is good enough  to become canon in mountaineering literature. For those with no  mountaineering experience, some of the climbing aspects and descriptions  may be difficult to envision. Nonetheless it is an amazing story. Our group  read this in conjunction with Caroline Alexander's book &quot;The  Endurance&quot;, another incredible story of survival against unbelievable  odds. While Simpson's ordeal occurs over the span of a few days, the story  of Shakleton's group living on the ice for nearly two years explores the  other spectrum of what it takes to survive - the two stories seem to  compliment each other in the scope of human endurance.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Oh, what the heck, see it once so you can form your own opinion. Rent before you buy, please! Actually, I think I fell asleep in the theater a few times. Thank god my boyfriend was with me though, or I would have been  really bored! It was a good laugh though...
B000000WA4|5.0|You've probably heard it before, &quot;MCIS is the best! I can't believe it!&quot; etc.. and the truth is, they're all right. This is one of my favorite albums of all time. Billy's lyrics coupled with the rocking beauty  of the band's music makes this album a must. From the hard-core romantic  pain of &quot;Zero&quot;, to the ironic humor of, &quot;Lily (my one and  only)&quot;. Every song on the album is unique and amazing.  It's truly a  work of art.
6300182355|3.0|I'm stretching it by giving it 3 stars :)... I think I was seven when I saw it, and I probably shocked my little mind from the violence, occasional gore, and sexual scenes and ideas presented in this movie, but I must say,  it's very nostalgic.  Sexy females, strange costumes and equipment,  interesting races, and occasionally good acting... haha!  All I can say  right now is, where is PART TWO??!!  They should seriously consider making  it with better acting, of course greater special effects with the  technology now, and a good story...
6302491940|4.0|I saw this movie years ago and forgot its title.  I kept telling people about the great moments and the premise -- Michael Caine a bit dimwitted with a rep as a master thief.  Couldn't get anyone excited about it, so now  I'm going to make them watch the video.  The interview with the  &quot;king&quot; in the prison bathroom, the mini cars zipping around the  Fiat test track, the cliffhanger ending.  I was in England recently and the  London paper considered this a classic sleeper, possibly cult movie.
B0000025HG|5.0|this is a beautiful release with water as the theme and it works.the tunes are produced well and sung to perfection...classic duet (no more tears) w/donna summer is a treat. splish splash is a try at rock/pop/dance which  works only because it trys so hard to. the ballads are classic barbra. get  wet!!!
0780625129|5.0|This film is truly superb and gives a strong message past the obvious but poignant observations about the neo-nazi society.  The message is really how all hates and prejudices, no matter how well justified, are really  pointless.  &quot;How have these negatives beliefs made anyone's life  better?&quot; is what the film is asking.  Also, this film is one of the  only films in history to give a realistic depiction of and give events that  would actually lead to someone with deep-seeded beliefs reforming.
B0000025JT|5.0|this is pure pop music heaven...great songs, production and backing from Gibb. it would be hard to top this but they should work together on a project again...
B00000IQMT|5.0|Master John Williams once again has accomplished an excellent work with the soundtrack of Star Wars, Episode I. It's full of passion, drama and evokes the music of the first trilogy.  I can't think of any musician with  such talent to create and capture the music in a way that moves you so  deeply. He has the ability to make, with his wonderful music, movies more  attractive, more entretaining. You just can't see o listening to them once,  but over and over again, until they are part of you. They never are  forgotten. John Williams has always made magnificent music, but Star Wars  for me is the best. It will trascend generations and still, it will be  wonderful. He has the force with him. He always will.
B000002HPT|5.0|Absolutely great..if u want beautiful vocals..go for this one..it's not some dumb yelling like Hill Billy-James Hetfield does..
0385484518|1.0|Tuesdays with Morrie was simply an attempt to explain death, written by someone who does not know how to write.   I painstakingly managed to complete this thin book for a school report after hours of boredom. It was  only after much difficulty that I was able to actually focus on the boring  text.   I can usually finish a 400 page book within a couple hours.  Tuesdays with Morrie was fortunately far from 400 pages. However, it took  forever to finish.   I can recommend this book to no one.
1573225517|5.0|They keep calling it a man's tale or heaven for music lovers. I'm a girl and the last album I bought was Jacko's Thriller (all right I'm exagerating). High Fidelity is real life told in good light. It is a book  about life's little idiosyncrasies, about love and the fear of  loving.Everyone with a heart, or a brain for that matter, can't miss it.  Also if you are someone like me that dreams about being asked their top 5  favorite film list, it is definately worth the sleepless nights.
6305428425|5.0|This movie is a genuine surprise. Mira Sorvino, Lisa Kudrow, Camryn Manheim and Janeane Gorafalo all turn in amazing performances. Outrageously funny and smart, Romy and Michele is a gem. The DVD lacks features as it is  a Disney title but the movie is great and certainly deserves a purchase.
1573226521|4.0|The book starts out in a very sinister way. Whispers,weird characters and then a murder.I started devouring the pages waiting, waiting for that moment when the book would turn into a bloody mess.But it doesn't. Instead  it starts describing the life in a secluded island and that is what's so  great about the book. The sinister feeling never fades but we as readers  accept the fact that this is more than a murder, slaughter book.We start  enjoying life in this beach,wondering why all the foreshadowing didn't  happen.When the book finally commits itself we are more than happy to enjoy  the fish smell.
0897500482|5.0|For those of you who wish to grasp an understanding of the man behind the myth, this book will take you along the most direct path. It shows in more ways than one why Bruce was a pure martial artist in the truest sense. His  philosophy of fighting is a combination of many years of complete  dedication and searching one's inner self to realise your full potential.  Sadly, it was the same dedication and desire to achieve the impossible that  lead to this extraordinary human beings demise. After studying the arts for  18 years, this still remains the best book on my shelf.
B000007ODM|5.0|Heard this in Germany last month. So glad to be able to find the CD here as everyone keeps trying to cop mine and now I can direct them to Amazon.The Latinesque language is made up and has no special meaning. Enjoy  the beauty of this CD and let it take you to lovely places.
B0000024UO|5.0|why everybody likes johnny lang, is beyond me. johhny winter plays authentic blues to the point you may question if he shouldn't have been born black.  guitar players in search of some licks that will melt their  amps can learn from this. 'be careful with a fool' is full of the kind of  stuff that blazes. their is no question about it, this cd should be in your  collection.
B00000DFRS|5.0|In order for an artist to become real with their music and themselves, they need to reflect on their life and note obstactles that can detract them from their gift.  Whitney is very vocal about her past problems and  sings her woes to the masses!  I found this new CD to be autobiographical  of her life with Bobby Brown and how she is expected to be treated: LIKE A  LADY!  She lets us know in no uncertain terms that she isn't going to  tolerate others attempting to discredit her marriage and her man.  She  wants us to understand that despite our dislikes or thoughts about Bobby  Brown or her marriage, it is here to stay.  This CD contains sassy lyrics,  hot hip-hop beats and a voice that resounds to tell all that she is no  longer a girl from the mid-80's who debuted with an album, but a mother,  wife, actress, businesswoman and woman of the 90's.  Her urban, hip-hop  sound is fresh and totally within her realm as a singer, I don't expect to  hear Foxy Brown or Lil' Kim lyrics from Whitney, that isn't her style,  besides, she is a mother who is clearly a role-model for her daughter,  Bobbi Kristina.  I was shocked to hear the term, &quot;bitches&quot; used  in the Missy Elliott song; In My Business, but this is clearly Missy  Elliott's style of writing and Whitney effectively gets the message across.   Now, if only Bobby Brown will listen and begin to respect the woman he  claims to love.
0156528207|5.0|Never in my life have I ever read a story of such magnitude.  Never have I encountered  something so genuinely poignant.  I have read only the original French version of this story, and have found it glorious and  inspirational.  It will remain in my heart and in my life until the day I  might read it to my own children.  &quot;On risque de pleurer un peu si  l'on s'est laiss d'apprivoiser.&quot;
078322706X|5.0|This movie left me with a gut-wrenching yearning in the depths of my soul. Yearning for the deep, passionate love that can be experienced between a man and woman. I thought that this movie was done in such good taste as  opposed to most of the mindless, tasteless twaddle that's put out now,  especially when it comes to sexual intimacy. This movie showed the  sacredness of true intimacy as an act of love and the innocence and awe of  one experiencing that for the first time. <br />I also loved watching the  relationship portrayed between Bill and and his daughter, Susan. How I wish  I had a father like that.  This movie really did the job for me in taking  me out of reality and into fantasy for a while. I know life must really be  like that for a few fortunate people. I absolutely adore this movie.  The  actors were fabulous. This movie touched me deeply and I will definitely  buy it.
0380973464|5.0|Oof.  Just finished reading the last half of the book in one stretch.  If you like Sterling, Gibson or Clancy, you should like this book.  Stephenson has taken a sizable chunk of truth and changed the names.  The treasure  hunting subplots are invented, but the cryptographic and technical  explanations are dead-on (clear, but not tedious).
068815333X|5.0|Once again I have neglected reponsibilities to read a Dennis Lehane mystery.  Every one of his books takes you right in to the action with him, Angela Gennaro, and Bubba Rogowski. &quot; Prayers for Rain&quot; continues  the tradition of excellent phrasing and insightful observation of life as a  private investigator in Boston. This is a book for all of you who enjoy  great characterization and a believable story.  I look forward to the next  one from Dennis Lehane.
0061092037|4.0|Archer is one of my favorite authors but Fourth Estate can not be considered as one of his best. Still compelling, entertaining and a page turner. On the other hand it lacks the originality of Kane &amp; Able, As  The Crow Flies, First Among Equals and A Matter Of Honor. But Still A Must  Read.
078062369X|4.0|Wesley Snipes was just plain ol' ass kicking.  He is one bad mofo in Blade.  I didn't really care for the story, but Blade packed so many good action scenes, it makes it a worthy purchase.  You'll also love the sound  if your packing a nice home theater set up.
0783211856|3.0|I would never quarrel with a film-maker's right to produce whatever he wants. But Spielberg verges on revisionism of the worst kind. It's not relectively revisionist. It is without admitting it and for the sake of  itself. I'm not talking about the Holocaust, I'm talking about the man  Schindler -- Schindler as remembered by countless others other than  Spielberg was not like the one in the movie. Just because Spielberg says he  was doesn't make it so.<br />He tugs on all the obvious heartstrings, he tells  you how to feel and when exactly to feel it. It's interesting the film is  black and white because all characterization is. All the right Oscar  elements are in place and you can be sure Spielberg knew it. The Academy  gave him the award because they were afraid of the moral response they'd  get if they didn't. Also their choices are suspect at best anyway --  Shakespeare in Love? As a filmmaker he hardly does anything innovative or  new.<br />Most of all, this film, as does Saving Private Ryan, proves the  dangers of Speilberg's taking a piece of history and passing it off as  objectivity instead of his reading of it, and having people readily accept  it. This film should be titled &quot;Spielberg's Reading of History, Part  I&quot; and continued by Ryan...I'm sure there's more to follow.
0670880728|5.0|From the very beginning, I had a smile on my face and knew why so many people have raved about this book.  The caption on the inside flap sums it all up &quot;Bridget Jones is me!!&quot;.  I thoroughly enjoyed the  scheming and the plotting her family goes through to set her up, and her  description of the 'smug Marrieds' is brilliant.  It made me very happy to  be single and provided some quality girly-giggles.  Cannot say enough and I  WANT A SEQUEL!!
B00000IL67|5.0|Well his career is finally complete!! A Box set!!!! Its a great set, great songs, and the book is great.  This is a must for any alice fan!! Dont loose sight of the fact that like any &quot;box set&quot; its is basically  a greatest hits.  I've been waiting for this for years!!!
0783233477|5.0|This movie has so much going for it with drama, suspense, mystery, romance, great music and subtle comedy.<br />The dialog, timing and acting retain the sophistication of a stage play without being stuffy.  <br />If  you're looking for special effects and action sequences, this movie will  disappoint you. For those who appreciate thought provoking drama and  character development, where all the action is in the dialog and acting  you'll love this movie.<br />Sure, there are some hokey lines and unrealistic  events, but the movie is art not documentary.  Let yourself go and allow  the scenes to capture your imagination.  <br />    This is one of those movies  that you can see again and again despite it's three hour length. The main  characters are wonderful, but most notable are Hopkins, Pitt and  Forlani.<br />    The tension and conflict between Hopkins and Pitt characters  is in sharp contrast to the soft-spoken romance between Pitt and Forlani.   Brad Pitt plays both roles so well with minimal dialog allowing his facial  expressions to say it all.  Pitt projects an extremely confident  &quot;death angel&quot; who is forceful with Hopkins as they have  discussions as &quot;gentlemen&quot;.  With Forlani, Pitt is the naive and  innocent &quot;Joe&quot; and plays up his character role with comic  reaction to various situations as well as he does the romantic parts as  someone not quite sure what to do.  As Forlani puts it &quot;diffident in  such a seductive way, yet powerful&quot;.<br />Martin Brest is a master at  movie making with his attention to detail and perfectly timed  performances.<br />   The music sets the tone for each scene in a way that  adds to the emotion of the visuals and dialog.  It really draws you in.   <br />    Although a little melancholy at times, I wouldn't consider this  movie a tearjerker.  It's a beautiful work of art.
B0000033PB|5.0|&quot;Live at the Royal Albert Hall&quot; (1993) was decent, and &quot;In the Hot Seat&quot; (1994) plain reeked.  In lieu of ELP's regrouping during the 1990's, &quot;Black Moon&quot; is by far their best-sounding album of  this decade.  Every track, except &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot;, continues  to strike deep accord with my ears!  &quot;Changing States&quot;,  &quot;Farewell to Arms&quot;, &quot;Paper Blood&quot;, and &quot;Better  Days&quot; are my personal favorites; I will never become bored listening  to each of their spry keyboard melodies from the ever-quirky Keith Emerson!   When I first purchased the album in 1992, I barely recognized Greg Lake's  distinct vocals, but that's just the plain result of a 13-year hiatus!   Even with age, Greg, Keith, and Carl sound fabulous as ever on &quot;Black  Moon&quot;!  This CD definitely compensates for the lackluster dross played  in &quot;Love Beach&quot; (1978).
630512065X|5.0|I loved the Video but did miss the audience participation.  The music is great but missed so many of the lines in the on stage production and with the Video I got the story much better.
0670881791|5.0|A few of the previous reviews complain about phantom problems.  This is not about church bashing:  the good Father could have been a Mayor.  And several of the good people so to speak, are men.This is an extraordinary  book that will remain with most readers for a very long time.
6305365121|5.0|The movie's creators tried to make this as a stand-alone episode, not tieing too much into the series so that just anyone could just pick up and watch it.  Anyone who critisizes the movie for being a long episode is just  telling the Paramount people that they did their job well.  And I say they  did.
B00000I41G|5.0|This is the best album Kenny Burrell ever did. Of course he had great help.
6301773551|5.0|You must see this movie! the Effects ARE AWE inspiring and totaly great. lightsabers and blasters and x-wings OH MY! BUY IT OR DONT. IT ROCKS TOTALY MAN! YEAH!!!
0780625129|5.0|This is the greatest movie to come along in a very long while.  Unlike regular HOLLYWOOD productions, AHX tackles some very controversial subjects, such as racism, reverse racism, violence, and the truth about  gangs and gang life.  Nothing is glorified.
B0000057C5|3.0|This album has quite a few gems on it. Rammstein's heavy guitar rhythims combined with the base tones of the lead singer and the lyrics auf deutsch make for a heavy-hitting album. Du Hast, Alte Mann, Engel, and Klavier are  great songs with alot of artistic merit in the lyrics (provided you speak  German) and well thought out guitar and synthesizer  rythms.<br />Unfortunately, these gems are among several songs in which the  band just tried too hard to be hard. A mistake which often makes them sound  like a bad KMFDM cover band rather than an original concept. Kuss Mich is  almost comical in it's cheezy music and cheesier lyrics, and is totally  comical if you think that these guys are serious. The title track is an  interesting combination of a great guitar combined with rather abstract  lyrics and a techno rythim which sounds as if it was sampled from a video  game. It almost works, but not quite. It gives the impression of Type O  Negative being merged with Elevator Muzak.<br />Don't even bother with the  English language tracks. The translations are mostly wrong and English just  doesn't work as well musically. Du Hast is totally wrong. The song's title  and chorus play on a homonym that just doesn't exist in English. &quot;Du  hasst&quot; means &quot;you hate&quot; while &quot;Du hast&quot; means  &quot;you have.&quot; Therefore, &quot;Du hasst mich&quot; actually does  mean, &quot;You hate me&quot;, but &quot;Du hast mich gefragt&quot; means  &quot;you have asked me.&quot; The translator does the best he/she can, but  it throws the whole meaning out the window. It's not entirely the  translator's fault, but it does make for a bad song to end the album  with.<br />The good does tend to outweigh the bad, however. Feel confident in  buying the album, but be prepared to use your skip track button a few  times.
0684867621|5.0|When I picked it up, I first noticed how short it was.  But once I got into it, that didn't matter.  This was probably one of the best King books that I have read in a long time. And it being so different from the rest of  King's books, is really what made it so gripping.  Through King's plot  developing, I was pulled into the story and felt evrything that Trisha  felt.  Her pain, her sorrow, her fear, and most importantly, her joy. I was  so hooked, that I read this book in one day.  If anyone out there is loking  for a good, exciting read, please read &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom  Gordon.&quot;
B000002UAX|5.0|this is one of the greatest beatles albums ever.  A must get for all Beatles fans.  second only to Abby Road.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I bought it when it first came out and my husband and I had a blast listening to it. Every song was beautiful and meaningful. Actually better than 5 stars.  It takes you to another world.
079213690X|5.0|As I said, I have no idea how historically correct this movie was, and neither do any of you that are saying it was &quot;hogwash&quot;, but what I do know is that the fight scenes were fantastic, the acting by Gibson was  surprisingly good, and Patrick McGoohan was excellent. Whether the story is  anywhere near the truth or not the storyline was good, and the action was  fabulous - I don't really understand these silly people giving it 1 star as  they know no more about what happened then, than the rest of us.
6305177473|5.0|&quot;The Parent Trap&quot; with Lindsay Lohan is a wonderful remake of the Hayley Mills original; warm, touching, and very funny.  Great supporting characters with good chemistry between Quaid and Richardson. I  can't say enough about Lindsay Lohan's performance.  She was tremendous,  and most delightful to watch.  My compliments to the entire cast.  WELL  DONE!!!!
B000005RUX|5.0|When I first heard pearl jam, on mtv all those long years ago, it awoke something in me that hadn't been touched since I had first listened to the doors, an almost magical connection with the feeling and meaning of the  music.  The raw emotional appeal of the words and lyrics caught me and I  still listen to it regularly to this day.  Basically, it has a lot of  catchy guitar riffs, cool guitar licks, wild solo's, a sweet yet angry  singer with a lot of soul...This alblum just rocks.  Get it, sing along  with it...feel it.
B00000I8UD|5.0|Sinking your neurons into this cake is no mistake. From David's soul soothing vocals to musical trips through jazz, blues, and Indian incantations, the entire project exudes a care and mastery not seen in  today's art. One must be patient and receptive to the aural delights which  inevitably come. Rarely can a musical disc achieve what usually takes years  and years of painstaking ritual: a mystical experience. If the title  metaphorically suggests an irresistible gravitation toward sweet but  catastrophic end, at least this beautiful album will medicate the journey.
0767802772|5.0|Where is the sound track for this movie? The music was fantastic. If anyone knows where to get it, Please let me know. Or a list of songs, Title and artist . Thanks.
B000002N2Z|4.0|DEftones are by far the best band in the world.  If you like Korn, Limp Bizkit, or Pantera.  You will really like deftones.  I recommend this cd to anyone who likes really loud music with kickass quitars and really kool  vocals. BUY THIS CD.  Around the fur iz even better.
B000002UXZ|5.0|changes....what can one say?  i just turned 18 and kind of discovered this classic wild guitar music on my own.  no old geezer pushed it on me.  just love it.  i got my friends listening to this cd, and theres something about  the soul in his playing that &quot;changes&quot; everything.  they keep  telling me, ryan will you start listening to people who are alive? what  they don't know is that this is eternal.
B000002LND|4.0|This is a fabulous Madonna CD. All the hits &amp; the two new songs are excellent. However, I believe I share many others's comments that &quot;Live To Tell&quot;, &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;, &quot;Open Your  Heart&quot; and &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; sound very different than on  &quot;True Blue&quot; and that &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; and &quot;Express  Yourself&quot;'s original versions are better. But buy it anyway!
6302902010|2.0|Porgy &amp; Bess-Comp Opera is a disappointment. The film moved slowly and had none of the vitality of the 1958 release. This version misses the beat.
6305311463|5.0|With so many things compiled on those two discs, you don't know what to do first.  I have already seen the original movie that came in a VHS box, but, now that I have a DVD player, everything has been so cool!  It's the  director's cut of the movie and almost everything is different, like  when...nah!  I won't spoil it for you, enjoy this movie because it is the  best you will probably ever see.
0440224764|5.0|This book is absolutely the best of Grisham. And I've read them all! The ending has a twist like no other !
6304032579|4.0|After a six-year hiatus, Albert R. Broccoli resurrected his James Bond series with one of the series finest efforts, the action-packed Goldeneye.  Sadly, Cubby Broccoli and SFX wizard Derek Meddings would not live long  past the completion of their film.<br />Pierce Brosnan takes over the role of  the last word in secret agents, and does so with a fine mixture of the  hard-nosed cynicism of Timothy Dalton with the relaxation of Sean Connery  and a nice touch of the humor of Roger Moore.  <br />A superior script kicks  off in 1986 with the sabotage by Bond and his close compatriot Alec  Trevelyan (brilliantly played by Sean Bean) of a Russian chemical weapons  plant that has been supplying international terrorists.  In the raid,  Trevelyan is executed by ambitious Red General Oromov - or so it seems.   Thinking him dead, Bond blasts the place to smithereens and hijacks a plane  to return to safety.<br />Fast forward to 1995.  Communism has fallen, but in  its place has risen &quot;families&quot; of organized crime.  The most  powerful is the syndicate named Janus, one of whose members is sexy ex-Red  Air Force jet jockey Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen, who comes off more as a  pest than a killer).  After playing cards in Monte Carlo with James, she  seduces a French helicopter pilot, but as he begins to impregnate her she  crushes his spinal cord with her calves, then steals his chopper - a  machine fortified with material protecting it from electromagnetic  pulses.<br />The theft angers James because the new M, head of MI6 (Dame Judi  Dench), is a bean-counter - The Evil Queen Of Numbers, as one ticked-off  MI6 bureaucrat mutters - who had dismissed the threat posed by the theft.   He is made more upset when Onatopp teams with Oromov to use the chopper to  sabotage Severnaya, a tracking station controlling a nuclear warhead  orbiting Earth - the Goldeneye.  The warhead-satellite is detonated over  the tracking station, its electromagnetic pulses short-circuiting anything  within a hundred miles operating an electric circuit - except the  EM-shielded helicopter.<br />Bond is sent to Russia to find the chopper and  prevent further such sabotage.  Along the way he meets Janus - to his  horror, it is Alec Trevelyan, burning with a lifetime of simmering hatred  of the very nation he once served.  Now, with the help of CIA agent Jack  Wade (Joe Don Baker) and the sole survivor of the Severnaya station, Bond  races to stop Trevelyan and Onatopp, for there is another Goldeneye  satellite which they intend to explode over London.<br />The film grabs the  viewer and stays on a riveting course to its spectacular conclusion.
B000002OX7|5.0|CONTAINS MANY GREAT SONGS. BABA O RILEY, WONT GET FOOLED AGAIN, AND BEHIND BLUE EYES. A MUST FOR WHO ENTHUSIASTS
B00000373U|5.0|This is the first Elliott Smith record I ever heard and, after having listened to his other three I have concluded that it is also his best. None of the others match it's emotional power. If you gotta get one or if you  are new to Smith, this be the one!
6302250269|2.0|Much was made of this film when it came out, and complaints were made that it didn't feature any appealing male characters. I put it to you that it doesn't feature any appealing characters, period. Thelma and Louise achieve  their just liberation, but the means they employ to do so are: murder,  alcohol, debauchery, and suicide. Hardly inspiring for feminists or anyone  else.
0515123447|5.0|Having lived in the South all my life, I just knew that Jack was sunk in that first chapter.  What a fabulous surprise when he turns out to be the hunky protagonist!  Great plot twists and turns that keep you turning the  pages.  I highly recommend this book.  It's a wild ride!  Can't wait for  the next one from this great new author!
B00000ICD9|1.0|BORING.  I did not like it because it was so boring.  Save your money for a non-boring movie.
0380973839|5.0|First, let me say that I am not a big science-fiction fan. I read this book in fifth grade(1982-83) because I remembered that it was an NBC miniseries in the late seventies, and I never got to watch it. I am glad I  read the book first. It is very surreal; for added effect, play nothing but  Pink Floyd instrumentals when reading this. It will captivate your  imagination. I must re-read this book, for I can not pin down anything  specific right now. Still, I know that this is for everyone, not just  sci=fi lovers.
B000002UDV|5.0|There may be music out there that you enjoy more than you enjoy this album, but I promise you there is nothing &quot;better&quot; to be had.<br />Brian Wilson is Brian Wilson and the Bealtles were the Beatles and  each had a unique voice and vision.  They are, simply, different.  While  Brian Wilson couldn't write &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; neither could  Lennon and McCartney write &quot;God Only Knows&quot; or &quot;I'm Waiting  for the Day&quot; or &quot;Caroline, No.&quot;  Or, for that matter,  &quot;Don't Worry, Baby.&quot;<br />There's room for all of us out there,  folks.  Pet Sounds is a masterpiece and nobody on the planet could have  given it to us except Brian Wilson.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the only album I can pop in a Cd player and just listen without having to skip past  filler or turn down the volume.  even if Nirvana was still around and if they didn't help bring along grunge music, this album  would still classify as a true legend.  As for anyone who thinks Nirvana  belongs with boy bands and britney spears, realize that these bubble gum  bands are the products of the break-down of popular music that came after  Kurt's suicide. Take your hillbilly band Metallica off to never never land
B000002H70|5.0|this is the best album ever....perfect mix of melody and melancholy. i've been listening to this album for almost 15 years now...everytime i listen to it...it feels like i'm home again...<br />you owe it to yourself to give  this a try...
B000002LFU|5.0|Alot of people don't like that 80's sound, but this album used those big drums and reverbed guitars perfectly! Inspiring!
B000002MY3|5.0|Wow - I just heard this CD at a friends house and I had to buy it for myself.  An awesome voice and an awesome band - what more could a music lover ask for.  Count me in as a member of the Alanis Morissette fan club.   One bit of advice:  Listen to this music at high volume.
0684867621|1.0|I am an avid fan of Mr.King's but this was not one of his better books.  It was just a book about a little girl lost in the woods. Come on Stephen, you can do much better.
0385486804|5.0|though out our life we get a chance to do so much and it is or selves that stop us.  it is our very own lack of faith and our dis belief in our selves that stops us from being what we could do.  Here is a story about a fellow  traveler who shead his limitations for a pair of boots and a pack and took  on the world.  Sometimes we win but more times it takes back the life it  gave me.  Only the few have what it takes to try to be what they could be,   and even fewer truely have it.
0312199066|5.0|This is a well written book and very candid view of Gene's experience in the Apollo Program. I like the no holes barred approach. A must for anyone who is interested in space history.
B00000J2KX|5.0|When I heard that a Stanley Kubrick box set of DVDs was being relaeased I was very excited.  I also heard that all the new editions were supervised and approved by Kubrick himself before his untimely death.  Why then is The  Shining portion of the set being released full-frame????  Amazon, please,  is this a typo?
6302732875|5.0|Calling this a movie is an injustice. Put simply, this is what happpens when the best actors collaborate with fantastic direction on a flawless script.<br />Shame on you if you don't see this!
6303997198|1.0|Again the critics dissapoint me.  This movie was an utter disgrace.  I was anticipating such a great film but was left kicking myself for enduring the entire film naievely waiting for the story to thicken or grab my interest.   The movie in general had a very monotone feel about it.  Granted it's not  an action flick.  However, I have seen some fantastic love stories.  This  is definitely 1 of the top 10 worst movies I have ever seen (READ THE  BOOK!)
6300248178|5.0|Phrases like this have made this movie an icon, who could forget &quot; So you cooked up a story and dropped the 6 of us into a meatgrinder&quot; these wonderful comments and many others have propelled this action movie  adventure classic into the company as such greats as The Wizard of Oz and  Gone With The Wind. If you want to see Arnold at his best,buy this movie,  What an awsome concept, that whole unable to be seen because of the mud  thing, well thought out and fantastic direction, buy this movie, after all,  is'nt this what it's all about ?
0780624890|5.0|The DVD format of the movie The Blade, is just outstanding.  A great way to show to first time buyers.  I'm totally impressed on the virtual reality effects of this production.
6305126062|1.0|The old Little House on the Praire view of the west, with Redford shot through six inches of cheesecloth and nothing but handsome, straight-talking honest folk in sight - no racists, or world wrestling  federation fans in 4X4s, or gun nuts. This idealized version of Montana is  contrasted with the city, with its neurotic vegetarians. (The movie,  incidentally, is a paean to the beef industry.) Anyone who really lives in  the country (I don't mean on a sprawling ranch like Rob Redford) will  recognize the Hollywood sham straight off, but people must have their myths  I suppose... unbearable.
6302816580|5.0|I am 22 now and I was about 10 when the movie came out and when it came out on video I  got it and watched it over and over again neverless the tape got warn out and I have not had a chance to buy a new copy yet but  will soon but know that I have went through some of the things that Lincon  Hawk went throgh with his son Mike with my duaghter in New York &amp; I am  in California to better myself and having trouble with the mother not  letting me talk to her or my family see her but I still send  birthday,christmas, and easter presents to her anyway it makes me feel  closer to the movie     -Mike
B000001FDK|3.0|If there is one thing that truly frustrates a Broadway fanatic like myself, it is the success of Grease.  With many better shows out there, this is the one that gets performed every time you want to make an easy  buck.  However, if you don't mind a very light musical, this is the version  to buy.  I made the mistake of purchasing the Tommy Tune remake and it is  AWFUL.  John Travolta when he was young and thin is a thing to hear, as he  plays this part with great skill, and the rest are good enough not to pull  it down.
6305365121|1.0|I have been a ST TNG fan for a long time.  I was The series was mature and real, the social commentary intelligent, the characters expressive and and well developed.  <br />What happened?  I almost walked out!  Did Disney get a  hold of this?<br />Star Trek fans, you will be disappointed!  It lacks all of  the good things the series and &quot;First Contact&quot; had.<br />Don't  bother.  Let's hope the next one returns to the things that were good about  trekking.
B00000IQMT|4.0|A wonderful score!  I commend John Williams on another winner! Especially the &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; (track 02) and the last track (track 17)!  Movie scores have always inspired and motivated me especially those from  the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies!  Highly Recommended!
B0000062S0|2.0|I like two songs on this CD: Walking into Clarksdale and Shine a Light. The rest is boring and both men sound tired and feeble. There are a couple of Ok songs, but two thirds of the CD is way too slow and serious. What a  disapointment. These guys mellowed out too much.
0792152328|1.0|This movie would have been merely bad had it been an hour shorter. As it is, at least three-too-many endings combine with a predicatable plot and wooden acting to result in a spectacularly abysmal film. There are better  ways to spend three hours of your life.
B000001E8P|5.0|I am completely addicted. It is so incredibly rare that I am blown over by a band this much. (Geez, has it EVER happened THIS much?)  It hit all the right buttons in me.  Every week I find another song that I just can't stop  listening to. And I've had the CD for a year. WHY isn't Pulp HUGE in the  US?? Could someone tell me? They are amazzzzzing.  I am 27 and this music  makes me feel like I'm 17 all over again. All these feelings just seem  totally fresh and new. Go and buy this album. Or if you have it already,  buy it for everyone you know.
0780623703|5.0|Listen...everyone MUST see this movie.  It's more than beautiful.  It conveyed a message I really wish I could translate into words.  Like other commentators had said, Pleasentville touches different people in different  ways.  If you have insight to what is beyond the surface (i.e. visual  effects, physical prejudices) you will find this message too...and the  visual effects will do nothing but enhance the message and meaning that is  brought to you!  This is definitely one to keep!
B000001EMW|5.0|I am a cellist and a Metallica fan, so when I heard about this CD, I HAD to find it.  I was so awestruck to hear every detail of each Metallica song accurately played by these four AMAZING cellists.  It is such a great CD to  listen to again and again.  I am positive that any true fan of either  Metallica or of the classical cello will love the sounds of this CD.
0767802810|2.0|Although Kathleen Turner does an admirable job salvaging this film, there is very little I can do to recommend it.  Nicholas Cage is painfully bad.
6304140428|5.0|My first exposure to this story was a theatrical production.  It sparked an interest that has not diminished.  This story is so riveting that even after seeing the film a half a dozen times, I don't get tired of it.    <br />Elizabeth Taylor is simply incredible as the boozy, crass Martha.  She  turns in one of Hollywood's greatest performances of all time.  I continue  to be haunted by the scene of Taylor staggering around the yard, calling  with absolute terror in her voice to her missing husband.<br />I cannot  recommend this movie heartily enough.<br />Buy it!
B0000009SI|5.0|If you want to know why Frank Zappa was one of the greatest musician and outstanding composer in his period, just buy this record and you will get a regular example. This album is a must in each well classified collection of  FZ. I still miss him.
6302194296|5.0|Why does todays film makers thinkthat they have to use endless gore,violence and sex to get people intothe theatres.This movie proves the point that ifyou have the right actors-Max Schreck et.al. ,right  background,lighting and script you can put together a horror film which  doesnot depend on these things to besucessful.Although plagurism was  involved inthe making of this film it is stilla master piece of its  time.Very disturbing use of lights andshadows and sound and the  excellantpart played marveously by Max Schreck make this movie one for all  young would be directors,actorsand producers to study. a real textbook  example of what can be rightabout film.
B000002JSR|5.0|This album was released after LZ's breakup.  It consists of the studio album outtakes that weren't used to fill the gaps on Physical Graffiti.  Basically, its the eight worst tracks by the best rock band in the world.   However, LZ (apparently) never wasted studio tape: all these tracks are  worthwhile.  I Can't Quit You is a 1970 rehearsal of a blues cover found on  the first album.  Ozone Baby, Darlene, and Wearing and Tearing were three  punk-influenced tracks recorded with In Through The Out Door.  Bonzo's  Montreax is a drum solo in the spirit of Moby Dick.  The others are tracks  from 1970-2.  Although the tracks are weaker than other Zep material, these  songs are worth a listen from time to time.  After the other 9 CD's, buy  this.
6300213714|5.0|Top notch street gang flick!  People can either love it or hate it - no inbetweens!  Fight scenes were okay, simple yet realistic-looking.  One of the more powerful scenes in the movie had nothing to do with the rumbles:  Two obviously upper-class couples enter train occupied by the  haggard-looking Warriors.  After glancing at the latter, the couple  disembarks.  Prior to this, Warrior leader stops female partner from  &quot;fixing&quot; herself, clearly for the  benefit of their uppy-class  fellow passengers.  More than a mere film depicting gang violence per se,  &quot;The Warriors&quot; evoke feelings of pride and rough justice, as well  as touching on the what is unfortunately a very wide social and behavioral  gap between classes in society.
0385493800|5.0|after Mr. Grisham's first novel, this is my favorite.  I &quot;fell&quot; into the pages..I was the invisible companion to Nate (his main character)...it was dark sometimes, and sometimes scary, but I loved and  could feel John G's. ease in writing this book.  Nothing disappointed me  about it. I had none of those &quot;oh why didn't he?...or why ..!tdidn't  she? feelings...it was mystery and travelogue (with no blathering on about  unnecessary scenery) and depth of characters.  All of whom I wish I could  call and say &quot;hi, how are you?&quot;.Perfect
0964385619|1.0|A cup of milk is nutritious.  A cup of milk in 10 lb of water give you almost the same nutrition, if not more.  But what do you feel?  <br />The author does have a good idea or two, but he IS a salesman.  He promot them  in a misleading way just like all the want-get-rich-guys you can see on TV  commercials.  Haven't we already see some people quickly figure out, after  reading his book, that they should not go to college, but instead, getting  rich quick by managing smart people.<br />It's true that Bill Gates dropped  out of Harward and becomes the richest man, but that doesn't mean every  out-of-schools can become Bill Gates -- You have to be smart enough to get  in there anyway.<br />Like an old saying, learn swim in the water -- The  result may vary, you are warned.  Make sure you have a rich dad taking care  of you.  Good luck.
B000001FA4|5.0|now, rebuilding my cd collection i'm getting all the fine cd's i've ever layed my hands on, and since i got my &quot;unforgettable fire&quot; copy today, i've just listened to it 4 times in a row -so far, it's still in the  cd player- and i guess it'll be a li'l longer there. if you haven't  listened to any u2 album before, where were you all these years?!?!? and if  you want to buy any of them, &quot;unforgettable&quot; is u2 at its best. i  love ALL u2 albums but i guess, this one and &quot;achtung, baby&quot; are  the most special for me and, of course, my favorites. 'nuff said!
B0000009OP|5.0|Morphine hangs in that sublimated space between (or perhaps among) jazz, rock and blues, with simple, soulful tunes driven melodically by the fantstic saxaphone and dreamlike two-string bass melodies, the genius lies  in the simple, elegant musical articulation and sandman's thoughtful  lyrics.  This album will appeal to all lovers of good music and has a  hallowed space in my permanant music collection.
0792898095|5.0|This beautiful film shows the developement of Spanish society since the end of the Franco years by following a twisted tale of love and scandal.  The emotions are awesome.  I will remember the final line forever.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjrk always tops herself and this album is no exception.  This is my all time favourite album. If you don't own this album it is like a whole genere of music doesn't exist to you. I could say lots about it but the album  speaks best for its-self.
0385493819|3.0|I have read all of John Grisham's books.   This one is certainly not among the first three, but off course much better than thr recent ones.  The subject is interesting but the outcome is a little bit like a chewing gum,  sticky and stretchy...
068484267X|5.0|An eloquent tribute to the strength of the human spirit! Definitely not for the faint-hearted.
0140042520|5.0|I didn't much care for &quot;On The Road&quot; after the first 50 pages or so and i'd pretty much thought that this great &quot;Beat Writer&quot; was nothing but hype, but after reading &quot;The Dharma Bums&quot; I now  believe Kerouac is one of the greatest writers of modern times.  READ THIS  BOOK!!!!
6301963911|5.0|This film is just absolutely hilarious!  Woody Allen's &quot;New York&quot; sense of humor (and timing) really shines in this film. The lines are just memorable and used so often in conversation that we forget  where they came from. I can't tell you how many times, in dealing with  people and their problems, I have described the &quot;subject&quot; by  using the line &quot;I don't want to be part of any club that wants me as a  member.&quot;  More people have that problem than you might think. Diane  Keaton's wardrobe is just outstanding.  Great film all around.
067144901X|5.0|My first son wanted this read over and over four years ago. Now, my two year old cannot get enough of it! After all those readings, it STILL gives me a little chuckle. I believe the sing-song-y nature of the prose is what  appeals. With the last line, &quot;it's quiet now, what do YOU say?&quot; I  point to my son's chest. After only a reading or two, each of my sons began  to point at themselves when coming to that page. It was also an excellent  way to introduce animal sounds.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This movie is most deffinently the best Startrek Movie ever released onto the bigscreen. It has it all! Science, Romance, Action, Mystery, Comedy, o yeah and did I mention Comedy!! What better way to see it than on DVD. Get  it today! Trust me! you won't regret it!
B000001FCB|5.0|This is the recording that makes me proud to be Brazilian.  The repertoire consists of some of Jobim's most beautiful songs.  Elis Regina is impeccable.  &quot;Aguas de Marco&quot; is the most inspiring musical  portrait of Brazil I have ever heard.
B00000253N|5.0|When I was 16, I read Salinger's Catcher In the Rye. Never before or since has a book spoke so plainly to me, or communicated thoughts I had always had in my heart but, due to my lack of eloquence, was never able to  articulate nearly as well as ole J.D. A lot of Dylan's songs are like that,  but no album of his connects with me like this one. Dylan has always been a  bit of an enigma, hiding behind cryptic lyrical word games. But like his  song &quot;Sara&quot; from the same period, the songs on Blood on the  Tracks leave very little to the imagination. Dylan wears his despair,  courtesy of a recent divorce, on his sleeve, penning 10 songs that are  moving, bitter, sad, and beautiful.  Tangled Up in Blue is rightfully  considered one of his loveliest statements, and it carves the lonely path  that the other nine songs follow.  Idiot Wind is a spit of rage directed  externally first, then at himself.  You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You  Go is poiginant and probably the warmest song here.  The trio of songs that  close the record might be the best.  Shelter From the Storm and Buckets of  Rain are both stunning, but If You See Her, Say Hello is the crown jewel  and ranks with Girl From the North Country and Just Like a Woman  as  Dylan's most beautiful song.  Blood on the Tracks is arguably Dylan's best  album.   My only complaint - Dylan should have included the amazing Up To  Me, available on Biograph.  It was recorded for the album and itfits  perfectly with the rest of these songs.
B0000024K1|5.0|This is by far one of the top three rap/r&amp;b recordings of all time.  It showed a lot of people that rap isn't always about dissin' folx, smackin h*es, an all about the benjamins.  Many of today's rap artists have  forgotten what made Public Enemy a household name: Sensational tracks, deep  lyrics that made you rewind the tape over and over again before the end of  the song, and a deep message that presented the truths of the world as they  are.  Back then, it wasn't about air time on the radio, and Public Enemy  demonstrated their lyrical power without using the outlet of the radio  stations (in fact, anytime I hear any of their songs on the radio, I have  to do a double take and make sure it's not a sample).  Some may say they  are extremists, but those are people who try to sugarcoat the ugly reality  of it all.  Mental midgets will want to avoid this album for its deep  messages, all others will want to pick this up.  It is rap lyrical art at  its highest form.
0385493800|3.0|I got this book hoping that Grisham would go back to the twists of plot that made Runaway Jury and the Partner excellent.  Unfortunately, that was not the case, although the story was passable.
B00000G3HZ|5.0|This movie has an universal appeal:  how we react when a friend dies, how we changed from angry young students to citizens (&quot;when you are 20 you want to change te world, by 25 you wonder if you will still achieve it, by  30 the world has changed you&quot;).  The acting is great, with some great  moments, especially by William Hurt, not to mention the naive character  played by Meg Tilly. I call this an &quot;onion movie&quot; because each  time you watch it you peel off a layer and find something new.  Definitely  a movie to see, but not for people who think that a good movie consists of  blood, violence and spilt guts. But why the 18 yr age restriction???
0375707972|5.0|I read this long before it was chosen by Oprah, both in German and in English, and was astonished when Oprah added it to her list.  I write to encourage thoughtful readers--readers who do not watch talkshows on TV--not  to be misled by the reviews that Oprah followers are submitting.  This book  is subtle, engaging, full of food for thought.  It is an excellent choice  for a bookclub, because of its ability to provoke discussion and  reflection. It is a Bildungsroman with layers of meaning, an easy, flowing  read, and an inquiry into the human condition in all its frailty.  I  recommend reading it without consulting reviews that may disclose the  plot--just jump in and see what you find.
B00000F169|4.0|I bought this movie, because I was working on modern real-world weapons being developed and some of the things these weapons will do reminded me of this movie. I remembered it being more humorous then it seemed it was this  time, but the &quot;alien&quot; beachball scenes, talking with the frozen  commander and the failed launch activity still brings a bit of a giggle. If  you are a fan of John Carpenter or Just a Science Fiction Movie addict like  me I highly recommend this film. If not, It is still good, but would no  longer meet my top 10% list.
6304118392|5.0|In the beginning of the Directors Cut, Oliver Stone states, &quot;I wanted to make a film about the 1990's.&quot;  This is what emerged.  When you think of this decade, violence.  Look on the news and in the paper,  violence.  As many of Stone's movies do, this sends a message.   The  gretuitous violence is there for a reason.  A great story (by the great  Quentin Tarantino) and a great cast.  A classic Tarantino plot with  colorful, dark characters.  I must applaud Stones ability to make you  thrust your hands in front of your eyes in fear, and then make you laugh  with a character named Scagnetti. A must see with a great cast and an  unrelenting message.
1567184855|5.0|I feel like I received insight into the meaning of life! This book is remarkable and should be read by everyone whether they believe in reincarnation or not. I could not put the book down and couldn't wait to  hear what the advanced souls had to say! Gave away a bunch of copies to  loved ones.
068815333X|5.0|This series gets better with every book.  I was unable to put this book away until I weaved through all the plot twists which were spiced with wonderful dialogue.  Do yourself a favor and grab this one up quickly.  I  can't wait until his next book.
B000009VOL|2.0|I bought this cd based strictly on these reviews. I received it today. I'm listening to it now; I've been listening all day. There's something about it I can't shake. All the reviews were ultimately favorable, yet  nondescript. It seemed so mysterious I HAD to check it out. Moon Pix is a  bit like the Velvet Underground, Kristen Hersh, Mazzy Star and the Cowboy  Junkies all rolled up together but never as good as any of those, yet still  good. Moon Pix is not great, but it could be. Moon Pix is full of MOMENTS  and all those beautiful melting moments have entranced me. The music is  there, although at its worst its repetitive. The emotions are there. The  mood is set. Her voice is beautiful, but I'd love to see her bloom into a  more mature lyricist. With so many glowing reviews of this disc it's  surprising to see nothing under Cat Power's other two discs.
0792839234|3.0|One has to be a die hard horror fan to get into this movie...The acting is bad and the lines are poorly written but The Tall Man's presence makes up for all of this...He is naturally scary..The ending left fans wondering but  I heard in later movies the loose ends will be tied..It does not sound like  it but I am a die hard fan..This movie is certainly a cult classic...
6303972810|5.0|I've seen this movie many times and never grow weary of it. I sincerely hope the studio chooses to re-release it for it stands as one of the best fantasy productions to date and I would love to have a copy in my personal  collection.
B000003S0Z|5.0|Back when I bought this album, albums had two sides (whether on vinyl or tape).  Because of what I liked musicallyn back then, I initially loved side one (let's call it the &quot;progressive rock side&quot;) and was  bored by side two (let's call it the &quot;serene side&quot;).  Eventually,  though, I found the understated, beautiful songs on side 2 as enjoyable as  the rhythmic, complex songs on side 1.  Looking back, I think the album  parallels  Eno's career: the first side represents his rock-influenced  Bowie/Roxy Music/solo stuff, the second side represents his later shift to  ambient music.  Both sides are simply incredible.  Regardless of your mood  or musical preferences, this album can meet your musical needs --- play the  first part of this CD when you want to tap your foot, play the second part  if you want quiet, thoughtful music.  I wish more CDs were as well  constructed as Before and After Science.
6302787564|5.0|Although most reviews of this movie have focused on the appeal of watching Michael Douglas flip out and exert revenge on the society that has rendered him 'not viable', what I really love about this movie is its portrayal of  Los Angeles as a kind of disparate urban jungle, and the enormous social  barriers existing among people living in close geographical proximity.  There is a palpable sense of desperation and tension throughout the movie,  not just in the central protagonist, but also in the 'extras' who in other  movies do no more than fill space. Above all the movie feels as though the  camera has just happened to follow D-Fens around for one day, there is a  sense that he is a very unimportant man in a big city, and all the time the  viewer is aware that the world around D-Fens is going on, regardless of him  or his actions. This contrasts sharply to most action movies where it seems  as though the hero or heroine is the centre of the universe in which the  film is set, and that all other characters or objects are simply there to  allow them to do their thing.
B00000IP4H|4.0|Chuck Billy has one of the best if not the best voice in this genre
B00000IOSU|2.0|I love listening to Sarah's songs, but this CD just really irked me.  What's with the whisting, clapping, and screaming in the background?  It was So annoying, it really ruins the mood and tune of the music.  Instead  of serenity, it was chaos.  Blah...bad recording.
6304117272|4.0|Cameron had to cut an additional twenty minutes from the finished film due to his &quot;final cut&quot; contract with Fox. The result made a film that had interesting characters and moral complexity considerably weaker and  less interesting.<br />With the footage added to the VHS edition (it is  similiar to the laserdisc edition issued a  couple of years back), the film  actually becomes a richer, more consistent and rewarding experience. The  additonal footage adds clarity to the plot and also makes the characters  more interesting.<br />The plot becomes a little predictable and run of the  mill by the end, but it doesn't make this flawed classic any less  compelling...just a little disappointing in the end. Although Cameron tends  to create films that run on a little too long, usually its justified by the  action and additional shadings added to the characters.<br />Although shot on  Super 70 (one of the first films to use this format to its advantage)so  that the cropped version doesn't suffer as much from the grain problems of  most video transfers, the wide screen version adds to the epic elements  that make this such a watchable film.<br />Highly recommended.
B000002UDV|5.0|What more can I add? Opening with &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice?&quot;, the album/cd is a virtual masterpiece, and includes one of the most beautiful popular songs ever recorded, &quot;God Only Knows&quot;. If you haven't  ever heard it then your musical education is NOT complete.
0780622650|3.0|Lost In Space attempts to capture the tone of the original series' first season. Gone is all the camp and the hokey special effects that appeared in the original series. As a kid I thought the series was pretty weak, but an  enjoyable diversion.<br />The visual effects and production design are top  notch, but like most latter day Hollywood productions, the script is light  on characterization. The first hour works fairly well before becoming a run  of the mill television movie.<br />William Hurt is interesting casting as the  father. His intrepetation is unique to say the least and very  disfunctional. Gary Oldham plays the role of Dr. Smith as if he is  channeling the original actor from the series.<br />On the whole, there are a  number of dazzling set pieces, but the whole is less than the parts.
B0000024SI|5.0|Simply the best.  I think this album makes other stuff at the time see petty and insignificant.  Also, for whatever reason, I consider Dylan's voice an asset on this album.  When other people do &quot;Like A Rolling  Stone&quot;, they always seem to fall short of the Highway version, even if  they have a &quot;good voice&quot;.
6304681496|5.0|Cage plays a great role and the script is not &quot;dumb&quot; as Maltin suggests, but it has much humor and is full of energy.  It also reminds of what psychos really are in prison.  Oh, and Mr. Maltin, about the countless  explosions and actors playing the same kind of criminal roles.  Yeah, it  called an action/adventure movie.  I wish sometimes critics would just let  people enjoy the movies and not tell us how moronic we already know they  are!  As Siskel and Ebert would say, &quot;Thumbs down!&quot; to Leonard  Maltin.
B0000024R8|2.0|This being my second Dylan CD (after Freewheelin') I kinda knew what to expect. Some songs were good, but others weren't.
B00000IQMT|5.0|If you're looking for the music from the Phantom Menace trailer, get the soundtracks for the classic trilogy; there was no new music in the trailer. But if you're looking for classic John Williams in the Star Wars style,  this CD is a must listen. There aren't many themes from the original movies  in this new soundtrack, but there are a LOT of subtle hints woven  throughout the soundtrack. &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot; is particularly  striking, including quiet reminders of the &quot;Imperial March&quot;.  Another great soundtrack by John Williams!
B00000I8UE|5.0|I've only owned &quot;Traveling&quot; for four days, but I have not stopped listening since the first note. Every time I listen I choose a different song as my favorite of the album. Her voice soothes and exites.  Her writing has moved forward since &quot;Blue Light 'til Dawn&quot; which  has just lost it's spot as my favorite. Buy the C.D. NOW!!!!!!!!!
B00000J631|5.0|I haven't heard the cd yet, but the ataris played their song twice, at a recent concert I went to, and it rocked!! They're awesome, and so is Blink-182. The whole cd is going to rock
B000002NHN|5.0|Art Bell uses Loreena McKennit as bumper music.  He got me hooked!  What a fantasic voice.
B00000ICD9|4.0|like the novel 'the celestine prophesies' you need to move beyond the 'storyline' for this one. the only reason i wouldn't give it five stars is that it was simply too packed with ideas and concepts that just watching it  once in a theatre isn't enough...AND the folks who needed to hear what the  film was really saying just couldn't grasp all the wonderful comments and  insights. i love robin williams, but even if another actor played the lead,  i'd still recommend this to people who are brave enough to go beyond that  they see on the screen and actually THINK about what is being  conceptualized.
B0000019PA|4.0|Although I don't think it's as jaw dropping as &quot;avery island&quot;, I was utterly blown away. Certainly one of the two or three finest records of 98. Deeply felt, deeply personal. Utterly moving. Incredibly original.
6304806418|5.0|I loved the movie version of &quot;Evita.&quot;  I am a little suprised that the DVD does not include any extras that the high end laser disc has.  The transfer looks and sounds great, and Madonna and Antonio Banderas are  excellent (however much I would have like to have seen Elaine Paige  recreate her original triumph!)
B000002J09|5.0|Every song in this album is amazing! This is pure Rock n' Roll. The real thing, or like in U2's song - even better than the real thing. Jimmy Page is the best guitar player I've ever heard. In fact, throughout the last 30  years, I've never heard anything at this level. This is the greatest Rock  album ever!
0385482582|2.0|I enjoyed the inside perspective on Intel that Andy provides and agree with the basic premise of the book.  But its the same old paradigm shift stuff just repackaged under a different name - strategic inflection  point.<br />If you haven't read much on paradigm shifts then you should read  this book.  But if you have, you'll probably find it boring.
B000002KHF|5.0|It takes a long time before one realizes the greatness of this album. After listening to Van 3 or 4 times, I realized that this is my most successful money investment. Every track in this album sounds better than  its former, and the entire album sounds better with every listening. Since  1970 very few artists have created better music.
B000001IMX|5.0|This is true ST!! This is one of the true old school punk albums of all time along with &quot;Fresh Fruit&quot; (DK) and Damaged (BF).  Be true to your roots, be empassioned, be INSTITUTIONALIZED!!! Proof you can wear a  tie and be hardcore at heart!!!!
0780625129|5.0|This is the greatest movie i have ever seen. It shows forms of violence that can only send a chill down your spine.  Edward Norton was great, but Edward Furlong deserved more attention, sometimes it is harder to play the  silent than the outspoken.
0140182829|5.0|This is a strange, haunting novel that has been forgotten lately.  I'm glad to see that Penguin has finally decided to reprint it.  Alain-Fournier's novel served as a &quot;creative seed&quot; for John  Fowles' The Magus.  Within five pages you will find yourself lost in the  haunting, folkloric, and Jungian world of fiction.
0767833058|5.0|I remember first seeing this film (as a little kid) in 50mm.  The screen was huge, showing every last detail of the beautiful countryside panoramic shots that fill the movie.  I was blown away.  Then I got to watch a truly  fun story with great acting, sometimes cheesy dialogue (but I don't mind),  and an honor and spirit that's hard to find today.  Cleese's cameo is truly  great and Costner is downright fun in his second over-the-top performance  (Fandango being the first).  Great fun and even moreso in widescreen.
1878424114|5.0|I did not spend my money on this book, actually I have the audio.  It was given to me by someone who also did not spend his money.  He found the book in a box of things that someone threw out.<br />This way is not for everyone,  but neither is the author preaching things that are not true.  Any of us  could have figured out the basics of what he is trying to say happiness is  about.  But most don't stop to try.  <br />If you think that none of what he  has to say is useful<br /> 'Be outwardly kind to others and you will get this  in return, don't obsess over money and what you need will come to  you.'<br />Then you are exactly the reason why I turned to this book.
0790733226|5.0|During my theatre viewing of &quot;Contact&quot; I was seated in the back row. What I witnessed that was almost more remarkable than the film was what went on in the audience (or what did not go on) -  During the entire  duration of the movie NOBODY moved - no bathroom breaks, no popcorn runs.    &quot;Contact&quot; was completely entralling.  A wonderfully orchestrated  concept in addressing some of the most difficult philosophical questions  ever asked.   A few great surprises to keep the audiences on the end of  their chairs.  How many people got goose bumps when Hadden says from the  Russian spacestation: &quot;Want to take a ride?&quot;    As I read some of  these reviews my only comment for those slightly disappointed in not have  the great visual alien revelation at the end is:  Look beyond the physical,  this movie is about ideas and intangibles, use your mind. I'm sure the  Vegan alien would have had to work overtime to &quot;make it easier&quot;  for you, too.    And for those of you who think this is Sagan's way of  saying there are aliens and flying saucers all around us - Wrong - this is  actually Sagan's way (or science's way)  of saying that if there was life  out there, because of the vast distances, a transmitted signal would be the  first (or most intelligent) way to try to communicate and not zooming  around in flying saucers. Sorry,  Roswell,  I'd like to believe but as  Jodie Foster says &quot;I'd need proof, wouldn't you?&quot;    Carl  Sagan  believed it was possible.  That's what &quot;Contact&quot; is about:   &quot;What If&quot;...
0767811038|4.0|I loved this movie on several levels from its cornball script to its dazzling CG bugs. What a surprising and wonderful gift to have a book I loved as a teenager brought to the screen as it could never have been done  until now with all of the '50's sensibilities(?) intact.  Hats off to those  who made this possible.
0375707972|4.0|Beautifully written and disturbing at the same time. I couldn't put it down.
B000002HEP|5.0|Simply a tremendous album! <br />I just can't understand why I hadn't heard of Kyuss before now.  Started with Queens of the Stone Age and drilled down.  <br />Not what I was expecting to hear- maybe too many Black Sabbath  comparisons in other reviews led me to believe this could be repetitive  drooning and too much speed metal.  I hear everything from Jimi Hendrix,  the Stones, some Pink Floyd psychelia, and a little Metalicca (but none of  them overdone).  Tremendous variation throughout and avoids any  repetition.<br />Time now to try out there other albums.
0375707972|5.0|The Reader is a mesmerizing allegorical tale of post World War II Germany's attempts to reconcile the horrors of the Holocaust with the remainder of German life and people as they knew it both before and after  the War.  When Hanna, a former SS Guard, takes the innocence of 15-year-old  Michael Berg, she takes his soul as well, and he is left only with numbness  that permits his daily existence.  There is no absolution; what is lost can  never be regained either for Michael or the second post-war generation.  An  intensely psychological book that asks many more questions than it answers.
6300214370|5.0|This movie always has a way of cheering me up. Not only is Kevin Bacon endearing and charming, but the movie itself is excellent and inspiring. Maybe I'm cheesy, but I love it.
B000002AGB|5.0|EXCELLENT WHO LIVE ALBUM. IT HAS TOMMY LIVE AS WELL AS OTHER AWESOME SONGS. NOW THAT THEY HAVE JIMI HENDRIX AND THE WHO LIVE AT THE ISLE OF WIGHT, HOW ABOUT THE DOORS LIVE AT THE ISLE OF WIGHT? I RECOMEND THIS CD TO  WHO FANS.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|All I can say is that this CD is phat.  I'm a rapper but I like this CD very much.  Before I hated The Offspring but I got this CD and all the songs are good (except for pay the man)  So all  y'all rappers out there  try this CD, and see if you like it.
B0000062FJ|3.0|The bonus tracks are an excellent addition to the never ending stream of unreleased Woodstock recordings. The sound is brilliant - especially on &quot;Savor&quot; where the silence is almost palpable. &quot;Fried  Neckbones&quot; comes as a surprise to those who thought that &quot;Soul  Sacrifice&quot; was the final number performed at the festival. (How could  anyone top &quot;Sacrifice?&quot; The answer is that even Santana  themselves couldn't. Neckbones is almost lethargic in comparison.) The  unedited version of &quot;Soul Sacrifice was released on the Woodstock box  set in 1994 but the mix here is much much better. The stereo definition is  spot on.
0790738139|5.0|This is one of the great movies of our day. I've watched it several times and am still picking up new tidbits. I always knew that Kevin Spacey and David Straithern were great. But to see Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce come  out of virtually NOWHERE to drive this film -- WOW! That scene where those  two beat up each other as they figure things out is so powerful...it gets  me every time.
6302732786|3.0|This tribute proves there can be only one.  It was sad to see so many people attempt to do Freddie's music.  I thought Axl Rose should have stayed home.  Although he did prove how much of a show man Freddie was, and  what great shape he was in for his concerts.  This tribute makes you  realize how much was lost when the world lost Freddie.
B0000047EC|5.0|I was lucky enough to discover the beauty of this album during a late summer westerly trip across remote Sonora Pass in the Sierra Nevada.  Now, the record is forever linked with that hot, dusty and beautiful experience  for being so perfect for the moment.  Whenever I am in a mood for  reflection, I invariably reach for this CD.  It quietly moves you across an  earthly and emotional landscape.  Very satisfying stuff.
0060920084|2.0|Funny, but Mr. Bryson tries too hard making the book funny for his English audience.  Most of his preconceptions are outdated.  Since the book is 10 years old, some of that is understandable.  It would have been better had  he compared his actual experience against the preconception rather than  telling of the foreboding preconception and then fitting the experience to  it.  If you're from the UK and love this book -- great, but it's not an  actual depection of reality in the USA.
B000003S0D|5.0|This is a brilliant record. It is one of those rare things: an album that can stand up as a whole work of art, not just a collection of tracks. Each song seems to contribute to a theme which  - apart from the Lizard suite -  doesn't actually exist. I call it Fripp's masterpiece because, unlike the  other Crimso albums, this is Fripp's own musical conception from beginning  to end. The sound is timeless (yes, even the lyrics have aged well).  Classical and jazz elements are combined with a prog-rock attitude to  create a self-contained universe. Standouts include: &quot;Cirkus,&quot;  &quot;Happy Family,&quot; and &quot;Lizard&quot; (especially the bolero  section.) [You can hear the remix of &quot;Bolero&quot; on the FRAME BY  FRAME box set.] If you you have to have just a few KC albums make sure  that, apart from COURT, LARKS, RED &amp; DISCIPLINE, this is in your  collection.
6302484391|5.0|This is so much fun to watch!  I mean, here are 3 young women who are absolutly obsessive about getting married to a rich guy.  Of course in the end they end up with who they truely love even if they aren't rich... Or  are they...?<br />How to Marry a Millionaire is a great movie to make you  laugh and have a good time.
080017948X|5.0|I thought I wouldn't like this movie. But once I saw it I got caught up in the interesting premise and charmed by its good-hearted underpinnings. Hopefully will join &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; as a classic. Bill  Murray is great and the whole story just keeps you laughing throughout. One  of my favorite movies.
B000002U8U|4.0|I give this 4 and half stars, I had this as a 8 track in 1978 , loved listening to it in my car then with the music playing loud as I could get it, from Old time Rock and roll to the famous final scene, beautifull music  which I think deserves more attention that it seems to get.
0670880728|5.0|Gee people, why do you find it hard to call a spade what it is? A SPADE. This book was fun. I didn't go to sleep until I finished it. Literary Classics are great but this is great too. You read and come across  scenarios that apply to some experience you've had in your life. Most women  go through what Bridget Jones has gone through. I'm in my twenties but  gosh, I seem to be already familiar with a lot of what Helen Fielding is  writing about. I really enjoyed reading this and for all you critics who  think giving a bad review makes you seem more knowledgeable, you may wanna  rethink. It doesn't hurt to see what is good and admit it. And feminists,  GET A LIFE! Also for people who read a few pages and cast the book off as  boring, you may need to learn the virtue called patience. You shouldn't  really be reviewing anything after a chapter or a couple of pages. You  could actually try reading the book to the very last page before you bless  us with your comments.
6302881005|5.0|You have decide what is more important in life the real love between a man and woman or the material things that money buys. More importantly if a man and a woman really loves each other and respect each other know one should  be able to come between them.
0684833395|4.0|I have had this book for a long time, but I always chose to read something else.  I think the war theme had always turned me off.  However, this is a wonderful book.   Many times while reading this book, I found myself  cracking up, rereading the passage and then, cracking up again.  I have to  say that I really didn't like the story line that much and there were some  chapters that I enjoyed much more than others, but having said that, on  balance, the book was just really good.  I would read the book again in a  heartbeat!  It's a really funny and clever book--and it's not really about  war.  The war just provides and interesting and dynamic setting that can  support a variety of backdrops and situations. <br />I can't give this book  five stars, because I think I could like a book more.  Also, it would be  nice if more people gave ratings other than 1 and 5 stars.  Anyway, 4 stars  is very good!
B000002UDV|5.0|This album is unabashedly spiritual, emotional, and great. The arrangements and timbres are amazing. Quite an achievement for its day. Every glorious mono groove is filled with rich sound.
6300151379|5.0|I agree that this is the best movie of all time.  I also have seen it so much I have it memorized.  I recently found a copy at a drugstore a few blocks from me, but I think that was a miracle since I had been looking for  years.  The fact that it is off the market is just a ploy to get people  like us desperate for it so when it is re-released we will pay big bucks  for it.  Begging for it to be re-released on a  forum that is only seen by others who beg for it to be re-released will do  nothing.  Amazon doesn't read these reviews, and THEY can't re-release it.   I don't know who is specifically responsible for it being taken off the  market, but, believe me, they know the demand is there and it will be  re-released someday.
B000002P2V|2.0|&quot;Who are you...I really want to know&quot;...so did everyone else. Really only worth it for the title track, unfortunately. The performances are okay, but there's not much here to hold your attention song-wise. For  completeists only.
B0000024SI|5.0|Still sounds great after all those years and brings back a lot of memories. Dylan wears well ovet time. Ballad of a Thin Man is my favorite song on this one.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Ranks with the best of Dylan, Dire Straits and anyone else in this neck of the woods.  The writing, performance, and production are all astonishingly good.  A cautionary note:  Field testing indicates that playing this record  tends to put people's lives on hold, while they do little else but listen  to it and sing along.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is still my personal favorite; one of the few albums without a bad cut on it. Very together and mellow. The album that made me really pay attention to the Beatles and realize they were serious musicians. We went  through a lot of the same changes, that's what made the Beatles very  special to me as I was growing up. It's hard to believe these are the same  guys who sang I Want To Hold Your Hand and other fluff.
B00000AF95|4.0|Paul REALLY rocks this album.  I'VE HAD ENOUGH and GET ALL YOU CAN TAKE are definite highlights.  The CD was angry and high-intensity, but Gene's songs (and especially his meandering and convoluted lyrics) leave a lot to  be desired.
6303942830|5.0|This film is one of a kind. It contains a successful blend of the numerous aspects of film (romance, drama, action, suspense). The scenery is beautiful. The acting, as well as the producing and directing, is superb.  An absolute treasure!
6305311463|1.0|This is by far the worst movie i have ever seen.  There was no plot.  And the thought that the rest of the world would wait for a few idoits to save the world is laugh out loud funny.  If you plan to buy a movie just move  along.  This one isn't worth the money.
6305263248|5.0|This movie is an instant classic for Robert De Niro and Jean Reno fans. Natascha McElhone is a lovely dazzler combining a sensuous understated beauty with a journeyman actor's presence. With a simple look or a roll of  her eyes she speaks volumes. De Niro has never been tougher or more  compelling as the everyman, Sam. He reminds me of Bogart in his grittier  roles. Jean Reno is quickly becomming one of my favorite actors. He is a  man's man with a sincere delivery and deep sad eyes. He also adds the aura  of the world weary but stoic Frenchman to the mix. I love French and the  bits of French dialogue interspersed in the movie resonate with wryness.  The interplay and rapport between the Jean Reno and Robert DeNiro  characters  plays true and is one of my favorite things about this  relatively realistic action film. Frankenheimer has a superb eye for detail  and the cutters have done a marvelous job. This story will keep you on edge  for most of its running length. The action scenes are cut in broad swaths  that leave you wanting more. Get this film and an Audi S8 while you're at  it. You wont be sorry.
6303433766|5.0|This amazing film exposes the true frienship between two girls.I found it very sweet, although the end was horrible. The murder would not have happened if Pauline's mother would take her time to understand her  daughter. She signed her death certificate by herself. I am not saying it  is normal to kill a mother, or  any person at all--- the girls have no  excuse from the point of the common sense. However, they have been going  through the difficult times; it often happens wiht teenagers that they  concentrate only on one person and have an intense friendship.Juliet's  mother waqs more understanding in this way.this movie made me think for  days.. the performance of Kate Winslet was outstanding, and Melanie Linskey  did a good job also. Both actresses were right for this movie. Needless to  say, this movie is my favorite!
B000005S5N|5.0|This is quite a departure from &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot;. The songs are dark, moody and introspective. I don't think most of their fans were ready for this album when it first came out. It's very sophisticated and  most people were expecting more songs like &quot;Take On Me&quot;. I first  purchased this on vinyl when I was a senior in high school. I loved it for  its moody dreamscapes then and I love it now for the same reasons. I often  think this album would have been a hit if it had come out five years later.  Worth the price of the CD for &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot;, &quot;I've Been  Losing You&quot; and &quot;Soft Rains of April&quot;.
1573226521|4.0|Wow . . . what was that all about?  True for any artistic work . . . it depends on the person experiencing it.  For those whose life is absent of adventure, The Beach is a well written collage of action, suspense, and  conflict, serving as a motivator to go and experience life.  For those who  seek the never ending peace, tranquility and joy that Paradise offers, it  is hopeful, and in some instances validated our notion of what Paradise  must be like (in the early part of the book at least).  For those whose  pessimism looms in the forefront of their conciseness, it's predictable,  but well written., The Beach is creatively written and filled with  symbolism.  It is bound to strike a cord with almost anyone who reads the  book.  Lesson learned . . . Paradise is a perfectly beautiful place and  can only stay that way if mortal man never discovers it.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Wow! I got this cd, and listened to it, and here's what I have to say about it : WOW! I especially love &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;! This is a great cd!!!!!!!!!!!!!
055321263X|5.0|Wilkie Collins is generally regarded as the originator of the mystery novel (at least, in  the English language). The Woman In White is a stellar example of a mystery - it is more a suspense story than a true mystery  novel like modern detective stories.<br />In my opinion, one of the best - and  most intriguing - techniques used in this novel is the multiple points of  view. You are presented with a series of chapters, &quot;evidence&quot;  from the various characters involved. It keeps you guessing - Is Fosco  really so evil? Or is he, as he presents himself, merely an eccentric and  foolish-fond old man? Are there things going on that the &quot;heroes&quot;  are not privy to? <br />This book, even though it is long, really held my  attention. It was hard to put down. There are points where I jumped, or  gasped, when the plot took a sudden turn.<br />Collins is a masterful writer.  There have been a lot of suspense novels since The Woman in White, but I  doubt there many that are near as good.
B000004286|5.0|This soundtrack should have won the Academy Award for best soundtrack. It is a superb piece of work by James Horner, and I found it superior to his work on the movie &quot;Titanic.&quot; I also recommend the soundtrack to  the movie &quot;Glory&quot; another masterpiece by James Horner.
079073804X|5.0|In 1973, this movie was reportedly the most graphically horrifying film ever in wide release. For todays' teen-gorefest set, it may prove to be a disappointment, however. &quot;The Exorcist&quot; is far more cerebral than  most contemporary horror films, relying on suspense to shock its audience  rather than visual effects. Even after seeing this movie countless times,  the part that still spooks me the most is in the beginning, when Fr. Marron  is examining an ancient artifact.....and the clock on the wall stops!!  Hmmmmmm. Good one for a stormy, lonely night!
0790729709|4.0|The Bodyguard is the only Whitney movie that I  enjoy best.  Her movie debut just sparked some public hysteria that was both captivating and sensual because of the good credits coming from the movie soundtrack, which  I believe gave the movie the good ratings.
B000002KIE|5.0|The Sex Pistols broke so many rules of music in such a short time that it is amazing. They offended everybody, and they were not even afraid to. &quot;Anarchy In The U.K.&quot; has to be one of the best songs ever  recorded. Motley Crue, Megadeth and Green Jelly have also done covers of  that song. &quot;God Save The Queen&quot;, &quot;Pretty Vacant&quot;, and  &quot;Holiday In The Sun&quot; are also some great punk songs. This CD is  worth whatever price it is being sold for, for &quot;Anarchy In The  U.K.&quot; alone.
630460291X|5.0|Of the many Robin Hoods out there, this one was definately up there with the best of 'em.  The story was great, and the DVD was even better.  The transfer was good, but the wide screen ratio wasn't that great.  The audio  was superb, however, and it sounds great on surround sound.  A definite  must-buy for any DVD/Robin Hood fan!!
6303481272|3.0|This is a very strong movie which starts out well and keeps the action well paced. The animation is very good, though to my liking when a limb is chopped off you should be able to see bone.<br />The plot is average. The main  problem I have is that the main character, who comes up against  super-powered villains, seems to be able to pull off several super-human  things himself, such as still being able to pull off something not humanly  possible (not enough strength) with 8 broken ribs and a broken arm.<br />But  the only annoying thing about this version of the movie is the english  dubbing. Please, if you want it to be more clear get the subtitled version  instead. The script can't be literally translated in the dub, since it  wouldn't fit the lip movements of the characters. This makes for poor  dialog exchanges that make no sense.
B00000DLVA|2.0|After reading some of the on-line reviews, I find it interesting that the very individuals who fell for the Cardigans because of their good sense for pop hooks are the very ones who &quot;commend&quot; them for getting away  from it.  The Cardigans have effectively stalled their career with this  tuneless, banal effort which just simply doesn't take advantage of their  great strengths - quirky, but interesting tunes with great hooks, and lots  of nice guitar work behind the scenes that you seem to discover more fully  with each listen.  Needless to say, I was very disappointed in them for  turning their back on what got them there to make a more  &quot;artistic&quot; album.  Give me a break.  The band themselves said  they were tired of hearing &quot;Lovefool&quot; on the radio all the time.    Duh.  Where would they be without that song?  Some people just don't feel  comfortable with success...and if they don't get back to what brung 'em  there, nobody will notice their future releases.  There....I said it.  The  Emperor has no clothes.
630443796X|5.0|Goldie Hawn and Eileen Brennen exhibit perfect comedic timing in this film.  The facial expressions, the mannerisms, the voice inflection--they all combine with a witty script to make this one of the funniest and most  fun movies I have ever seen.  Although at first glance, Hawn seems to be  playing yet another dumb blonde;  in reality, her character is not dumb but  merely naive--the army provides her with the experiences to mature and to  become independent.  I really love this film.
0780624890|5.0|The movie is just perfect. The only thing I didn't like about the DVD is the fact that there was no &quot;full screen&quot; version available. This small &quot;technical&quot; minus did upset me but the movie itself is just  terrific, and I hope there will be Blade II
B00000163G|5.0|This is one of the best Rap CDs I've ever heard!!! Everything right from the beats to the rap are brilliant!!!All the songs are really good,and you don't normally find that on a double CD!!!2Pac's best,definitely!!!
B000002H70|5.0|Even after more than a decade, I will find myself in a state of shock and emotional paralysis while I listen to this album. Robert Smith is etched in my memory as the greatest of 20th century poets.
B000002NFM|5.0|This album demonstrates the power of rhythms and drum beats.  Their lyrics are sparse but very fitting... just enough to allow you to tell how much of the song is left.  As a matter of fact, track four is based off of a line  from the Beastie Boy's Album Ill Communication.   Another side note, for  you gamers out there, it is an excellent music CD for Quake and Quake II.   The songs fit the general mood of the game, and Track 7 Narayan, plays  during the boss levels... a fitting track.  When track 2 Breathe plays,  your adrenaline starts pumping and you really get a rush.  Overall a must  buy if you are interested in understanding our current realm of music.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This CD has the most awesome songs, and I listen to it almost all day long.
B00000IP2L|2.0|If you expect anything remotely similar to the acoustically written tunes of Book of Shadows, you will be greatly disappointed. In fact, it almost seems as if Zakk is deliberately trying to distance himself from his  heartland roots in an effort to &quot;redeem&quot; himself as the wild  powerchord crunching axeman of Ozzy Osbourne. The result is a group of over  the top songs that offer little substance or melody. Unfortunately,  &quot;Sonic Brew&quot; gives the impression that the melodic &quot;Book of  Shadows&quot; CD was nothing more than a stretch beyond his stylistic  confines. That's shame.  As for &quot;Sonic Brew,&quot; it is an overly  aggressive, underproduced collection of songs that offer its listeners  nothing more than a reason to bang their heads. Typical from you'd expect  from an 80's guitar god.
0060977493|5.0|Ms. Roy has been very bold in her use and misuse of English language in this book. She has broken all rules of conventional literature. Her unique style makes this book a pleasure to read.  Most of the book is written from  a child's perspective about life. The godliness and innocence of childhood  has been beautifully captured in this book. Its refreshing to visualize the  world through a child's eyes and how small things mean so much big to them.  The weakness of the book is its thin plot, average prose and some weak  characterization.  This book stands free of national boundaries and  cultural bounds. In my opinion, the Booker Prize is an adequate judgement  of the book.
B00000IPHA|5.0|Humor, Adventure, Scenery, History, Action, Professionalism   This movie is excellent.
B00000IQMT|5.0|<BR>(Not a spoiler, but read after you see the movie)<BR><br />  I finally saw the movie at the opening night, and really loved it. It is definetly not as superbly magnificient as The Empire Strikes Back, but it certainly  is one of those great Star Wars flicks.<BR> <br />  John Williams' new and  rich musical enhancement is as nostalgic as other visual elements of the  movie, like old familiar characters like C-3PO, R2-D2, Jawa(!), The Sand  People(!) and so on. I can understand why many people were disappointed  that almost none of the old music were used in the movie, but I am sure  they wouldn't have worked very well for this movie because, aside from  those familiar characters, this movie is not like other previous relatively  slow moving Star Wars movies.   <BR><br />The grandeur melody of Duel of the  Fates was, as long as I remember, used only for the final battle, and it  worked very well. It perfectly fits the spooky and mysterious look and move  of the haunting Darth Maul and its fast paced action sequences. <BR><br />  I  personally gave this CD 4 stars before seeing the movie, but now I give it  4.75 hoping the complete version of the the soundtrack,like the special  editions,  will be released some day. Till then, I will listen to this CD  again and again along  with special edition soundtracks.  <BR>Highly  recomended
0792151712|4.0|Ok, folks, Let's calm down a bit, especially you with the negative reviews. To have such a visceral rejection of this movie's basic plot is in itself a symptom of your own emotional shortcomings. - And no, I'm not a  teenage girl. Look, there's some unspectacular acting moments (Did you  really want Anthony Hopkins and Debra Winger to play the leads?)  There's  some occasional special effects believability questions.  There are even  gaps of justification of the story line.   But a BILLION dollars at the box  office!  And they were &quot;mostly&quot; teenage girls?  And how many  teenage girls are on the &quot;Academy&quot; voting committee?    Look at  the number of reviews on this webpage- It has often been said that Art  becomes great not when it is &quot;good&quot; or &quot;bad&quot;, but only  when it absolutely cannot be ignored.
B000009DUY|5.0|I have been listening to music of all types and sounds for over 60 years.  Never, have I been so emotionally moved by the sounds emanating from the orchestra and chorus. I recall D-Day vividly, but was never emotionally  involved until seeing Spielberg's masterpiece and listening to John  Williams incredibly moving symphonic poem.
0684867621|5.0|I love this book and am an avid fan of S. King. On the other hand, my Mom doesn't appreciate his work.  I gave her this book to try and she gave it back to me the next day.  She had already finished it and totally loved it.  So even if your not a King fan, give it a try.  I think you'll love it!
0792151712|5.0|Although I waited eons to see this movie, originally not caring whether I saw it or not (hey, everyone knows the ship sinks), thinking Leonardo DiCaprio a teen idol (and I'm much too old to be attracted to that!) I was  surprised at how much I enjoyed it when I finally saw it! Good old Leo,  even though he IS 15 years my junior, was surprisingly appealing! Go  figure! After researching the boat and its sinking, I was impressed at how  closely it tried to stay to reality (except for the love story, of course),  though it could have stood to add more of the reality of the situation with  the stories of the Strausses or the Astors, etc. All in all, I was pleased  with the film, its music, and its actors, and am much more addicted to it  than I ever thought I would be.  What a story!
6300214753|5.0|Ferris Bueller's Day Off is one of my favorite movies of all time.  I don't care how many times I've seen it, there is always something to laugh about.  Matthew Broderick has great charisma in the role of Ferris, an 18  year old seinor who just needs a break from school to chill with his best  friend and girlfriend.  The best movie John Hughes ever made was this.  I  have seen this movie so many times, I'm proud to say that I can now recite  the line &quot;My best friend's brother's girlfriend, knows this guy, who  knows this kid, who's going with the girl who saw Ferris pass out at 31  Flavors last night.  I guess its pretty serious&quot; at the drop of a hat.  Endless laughs, great charm, and at the root, a feel good movie.  Don't  you wish High School could really be this much fun?
6302720419|5.0|People give this movie a hard time because the special effects dont compete with the ones of today. The fact is though, is that this movies plot was original. It was not just another vampire, werewolf, slasher, etc.  movie. It brought something new all together to the world of horror. As for  the sequels, there a different story.
B000002Q88|2.0|&quot;Not their best&quot; is not a fair assessment, actually, &quot;their worst&quot; would be appropriate.  Saying that In the Spirit of Things ranks among their worst would do injustice to the other album that shares  space with this disk at the bottom of the quality-Kansas discography.   Jeeze, that's harsh.<br />Does it mean the disk has no redeeming value?   Hardly!  Even the worst Kansas album is better than a lot of material out  there.  And there are some nuggets on this disk, albeit, only a few, and  they are offset by some of the lamest material the band has ever put  out.<br />Highlights:  Ghosts, like Peaceful and Warm which would come out  nearly a decade later paints a wonderful picture of the American heartland.   A good song.  One Big Sky - there are several songs penned by hacks on  this album, this one is the best of em.  Rainmaker another slice of the  heartland and is the basis for the album's concept, a mythical Kansas town  blown away by a storm.  T.O. Witcher, the only Steve Morris contribution  that is remotely listenable is a wonderful acoustic piece. Bells of St.  James - ah, at last a Walsh penned tune that ranks up there with Kansas  material from their heyday.  This is a great tune.<br />Lowpoints:  Every  other song.<br />In the Spirit of Things was &quot;ambitious&quot; - I like  that term.  It means not capable of living up to its potential.  It was a  great concept that suffered from some fatal flaws.  There was the requisite  bow to Morris for material.  Thing is, Morris's material is way too shallow  for a Kansas album.  Then there are the pop contributions from non-band  members.  That's not Kansas!  The only other time they did that was for  Play the Game Tonight, doubtless the worst song on their Vinyl Confessions  album.  Walsh could have worked on this more, put more of his own material  into it.  <br />Now, the tour for this album was quite good.  If you have the  King Bisquit album of Kansas performing at the Tower Theater,listen to The  Preacher/House on Fire medley.  It is expressive and it RIPS.  I'd  recommend the King Bisquit album over In the Spirit of Things because the  band chose wisely in the song selection for the show and left all the hokey  stuff on the studio album.  Unfortunately, they should have left a lot of  this album's material on the editing room floor prior to  release.<br />Questions? email me
B00000DFRS|5.0|This project was a tremendous effort.  Whitney released an album at a time when the music charts were and still are saturated with hip-hop.  Well, she didn't let that deter her.  WH came out with a little hipness of her own  and deserves all the credit due.  <br />WH doesn't have to compete to stay on  top because she earned her place in the Industry!  It is obviously were she  belongs.
0441172717|5.0|I first heard of Dune when I had images in my head from childhood from the 1984 movie. So 2 years ago I saw the movie, and imeddiatly read the book and the the other 5 sequels. Absolutely the best ever. The romance,the  intrigue, the politics, the worms, and of course the mind expanding drug  Melange.
B00000IL1K|1.0|Honestly,Sarah could have done her songs solo. Or she can sing with just one instrument. I'm so sorry Sarah I have to throw out this CD.
0783226063|1.0|Hmmm. I read and enjoyed Dune, and thought Herbert just gradually lost it on all the sequels. Lynch came along, made this movie and short-circuited his way to utter garbage. Expensive to make, this thing died in the  theatres, and rightfully so. It still turns my stomach.
0399143904|5.0|This action packed adventure is a roller coaster ride through the harsh realities of terrorism and the almost untouchable secret counter-terrorism group, Rainbow Six.  If you've never read Clancy before read this first.   You'll love it, and you'll get a sense of Clancy's unique style.  He  creates 5 or 6 strands which he will tie together at the end; perhaps the  most incredible Clancy finale ever.  The end will leave you in awe.  Also  read Without Remorse, which is the Clancy book which developes the main  character, John Kelley, who becomes CIA legend John Clark, one of the main  characters in Rainbow Six.
0060920084|5.0|Having just completed a 30,000 mile road trip to photograph citizens in 53 towns in the USA with the funniest names you've ever heard, I can tell you that Bryson's observations are excruciatingly on target and snortingly  funny. He sees beneath the contrived commercial and pointless  idiocies  that coat America's  boonies and larger towns. It's satire with an  appropriate but minimal garnish of respect and every word is true. He sees  us as we  are and makes us laugh out loud. I want him in my car for my next  foray into the boonies. If you don't think he's funny, then you must be in  his line of fire.
0440180295|1.0|Why the fuss with this book? It was boring, tedious, and made no point. Vonnegut's works are depressing and life-hating, which stems from his suicidal tendencies.
0385484518|2.0|After reading Tuesdays with Morrie, I felt throroughly unsatisfied. The book was more like a self-help book--something along the lines of &quot;Life's 101 Greatest Lessons.&quot;<br />I think Mitch Albom had an  immediate instinct to deify Morrie...not that there was anything wrong with  that, but he certainly lost some perspective.<br />I'm glad that others have  found a great deal of inspiration in the book; virtually all of my friends  have flocked to it as well. However, as a piece of literature, it simply  doesn't stand up...it's more of a pop-culture phenomenon. I'm surprised  that no one else has shared my opinion.
B000002IWQ|5.0|During the 1980's, I knew of Rush's existence, but it was limited to just &quot;Subdivisions&quot; and &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;.  It took one wondrous Saturday in March 1995 for me to open my eyes and my ears to what is now  one of my all-time favorite rock bands in the entire known universe!   &quot;Counterparts&quot; was the Rush album that become the hair of the dog  that bit me with their lyrical and instrumental genius!  It was my freshman  year at Purdue, and I was a DJ for my residence hall's radio station.  I  was looking for something new to play since most of the CD's down in the  studio were those of crappy, hot 'n'cold, nondescript Gen-X bands that all  sound the same when all of a sudden, &quot;Counterparts&quot; had caught my  eye.  Seeing that it was Rush's latest album at the time, I decided to give  &quot;Speed of Love&quot; a listen to.  Two words instantly came to mind at  that track's conclusion: INDELLIBLY CAPTIVATING!!!  After hearing the rest  of the tracks, I wondered where Geddy, Alex, &amp; Neil had been all of my  life?!  I bought this 1993 masterpiece a few days after that rock religious  experience.  20+ albums later, I am proud to say that I will be a Rush fan  until the day I depart this good Earth!  Anything more would sound  redundant based of the multitudes of rave reviews that this Canadian  &quot;thinking man's&quot; trio has received on all of its delightful  works.  But to all of my friends who think that Geddy sings like a little  girl, I'd toss champagne in all of your eyes (HAH)!
6305320802|2.0|I received in one Amazon bundle four of the greatest American musicals written -- Oklahoma, Carousel, South Pacific and Gigi.<br />Gigi is just sensational -- the anamorphic widescreen format presents a glowing, richly  detailed picture. And it's great to switch to the French language option  and hear the French singer Sacha Distel sing for Louis Jordan (though he's  not credited).<br />The Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals, courtesy of 20th  Century Fox, are a disgrace, and not up to the quality of their VHS  releases! Without anamorphic mastering, these widescreen releases lack  clarity and visual punch; you end up noticing the lines on the television  and groaning about the lost opportunity to present these great musicals in  their highest possible quality. I suppose we'll have to wait for Fox to  re-issue them anamorphically as 'special editions', and buy them all over  again!
B0000028RR|5.0|RATM's message comes through loud and clear on this album. Even if yuo don't have any political views, the rock-rap-funk mix is guaranteed to pull you in. One of the best albums this decade.
B000002UAI|4.0|The ironic title says it all. Still, that didn't stop The Beatles from trying to put together the best album possible while under the gun from constant touring, making movies and churning out singles.<br /><br />\\"Beatles for Sale\\" features some seminal songs and begins to show the influence of Bob Dylan particularly on Lennon's material such as \\"I Don't Want to Spoil the Party\\", \\"I'm A Loser\\" and others. The album has a stronger country influence than their other albums beginning with \\"Baby's in Black\\" and continuing on with many of the other originals on the album. The stereo remaster sounds marvelous and this album benefits from the remastering perhaps the most of any other early Beatles album released. The previous CD was released only in mono; the stereo mixes here are more balanced with a nicely balanced mix on most tracks lacking the instruments in one speaker and vocals in the other that would be a hallmark of their early stereo mixes.<br /><br />McCartney's  \\"I'll Follow The Sun\\" is one of his earliest written compositions to be  recorded by the band (superceded only by When I'm Sixty-Four). Melodically  interesting, but lyrically weak McCartney's dour reading of the song  doesn't help it transcend its limitations.<br /><br />The two collaborate on \\"No  Reply\\" and it works fairly well as a standard soap opera boy meets girl, boy  loses girl song. The performance and music pull the song above the other  mediocre material on the album. Eight Days A Week musically recalls Things  We Said Today. It's a bright spot in a very dark, poorly conceived  album.<br /><br />\\"Beatles for Sale\\" could probably have been improved with the inclusion of the band's \\"I Feel Fine\\"/\\"She's A Woman\\" single and some material from the EP that featured \\"Slow Down\\" (such as \\"I Call Your Name\\" an early Lennon track written about his mom Julia)but at the time they didn't know that.<br /><br />Recommended.
044651652X|1.0|The scariest thing about this book is that people think it's any good.<br />I read this book a few years ago out of curiosity to see what all the fuss was about. As I read it, I realized, to my astonishment, that the strictly  standard Harlequin Romance I had read a few years previously, again out of  curiosity, had been much better.<br />Harlequin Romances, if the one I read  was any example, are at least workmanlike. You get what you pay for.<br />This  book, on the other hand, is such an abject failure of any kind of writing  that you don't know whether to laugh aloud at the writer's incompetence or  cry at what has happened to people's standards of what makes a good  book.<br />The writing is not just bad; it is stupidly, triumphantly bad. The  characters are not believable and what the author has them thinking and  saying is riddled with unintended comedy.<br />If you want to read something  better than this book, go to a drugstore book rack, close your eyes, put  out your hand, and take home the first paperback romance you pick up. If  you want to read something much better, there are books on similar themes  recommended in some of the previous reviews.<br />A one-star rating is far too  high for this book, but it is the lowest Amazon will go.
B000002BYD|4.0|For all of the grief this band has endured over the last eight years, it's amazing they have been able to stay together and thrive.  &quot;Yield&quot; shows them to have struck a balance between the quiet, melodic side and  their inner grunge Id, and it makes for a rewarding album. Occassionally  baffling, but always affecting (see &quot;Given to Fly&quot; and &quot;In  Hiding,&quot;) &quot;Yield&quot; is the sound of a band refusing to cave to  trends, still searching, yet confident enough to make a great, big sounding  rock album. Bravo.
B00004THO3|1.0|The scariest thing about this book is that people think it'sany good.<br />I read this book a few years ago out of curiosity to see what all the fuss was about. As I read it, I realized, to my astonishment, that the strictly standard Harlequin Romance I had read a few years previously, again out of curiosity, had been much better.<br />Harlequin Romances, if the one I read was any example, are at least workmanlike. You get what you pay for.<br />This book, on the other hand, is such an abject failure of any kind of writing that you don't know whether to laugh aloud at the writer's incompetence or cry at what has happened to people's standards of what makes a good book.<br />The writing is not just bad; it is stupidly, triumphantly bad. The characters are not believable and what the author has them thinking and saying is riddled with unintended comedy.<br />If you want to read something better than this book, go to a drugstore book rack, close your eyes, put out your hand, and take home the first paperback romance you pick up. If you want to read something much better, there are books on similar themes recommended in some of the previous reviews.<br />A one-star rating is far too high for this book, but it is the lowest Amazon will go.
0880381736|5.0|This book is not only clever, creative, and well written; it appeals to almost any audience. I have recommended this book to many people all of which pounced on the next book (Dragons of Winter Night) hungrily. I  noticed the only bad review of this book was given by a person who could  not write a sentence correctly. Basically, to enjoy this book you need to  understand the English language. Some critics are having are hard time with  this. Anyway, buy this book and prepare to buy more in this series. You  won't regret it.
B000009EO5|5.0|This score is such a great combination of styles, from the haunting title song and &quot;Deborah's Theme&quot; to prohibition's jazzy &quot;Speakeasy&quot;. It won LA Film Critics Award and BAFTA Film Award in  1984. Also nominated for Golden Globe Award.
B000002IZM|5.0|Vangelis is a genius. This sound really created a noir atmosphere that is unsurpassed even today. I watched the DVD version atleast 20 times. My favorite tracks are, Love Theme, Tears in the Rain and The Ending Credits.  The Love Theme is an alltime favorite of mine.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I saw Cher perform this number on T.V.and she is an excellent artist and enjoyall of her music.  Harold Conner
6304994540|5.0|This movie could be the best thing that ever happened to me. After seeing this movie, I immediately decided to memorize it (due to the extremely funny lines) and get hold of every piece of Lebowski memorabilia I could.  So what am I saying? You should definetly buy it...
630518299X|5.0|The TRUMAN SHOW WAS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! What an ingenious idea! Jim Carrey does a great job in the movie, and so does Harris. This is the best movie there ever was and there ever will be!
6303149200|5.0|Too bad some folks feel like they have to trash this film.  I actually suspect narrow minds at work.  This is a great film, ahead of its time, and fair in terms of the beliefs it depicts. My only negative comment about the  film is that it portrays pagans as conducting human sacrifice in  contemporary times, something that is not done these days.  The sound track  is great, beautiful folk/Celtic music.  I hope they make the soundtrack  available in the US, if anyone is listening.  Buy this video, enjoy it and  play it at least every Halloween.
0964385619|5.0|I read a lot of books on investing,saving,and retiring early, but this is the first one that actually taught me how to make my money work FOR me. When you consider buying something, always ask yourself, &quot;Is this  income-generating?&quot; I'd always thought of my home as an asset, but  this book taught me otherwise. I have since purchased two rental properties  and highly recommend this quick-read for anyone open-minded enough to read  past how the author made his fortune and who is willing to find a way to  make his/her own!
0792151712|1.0|THIS WAS THE ABSOLUTE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND WE ARE NOW ALL DUMBER SITTING THERE FOR ALMOST 4 HRS AND WATCHING A STUPID MOVIE
0553108034|2.0|The plot to this story is immense, with many different facets.  However, at every turn in the book the author would perform extreme violence or debase women in such a way that seemed to go beyond the context of the  story.  Perhaps the author wished to show the violent nature of people or  portray a character as evil, but the nature of acts committed to women,  from graphic rape to extreme violence instead brought me out of the book  and made me angry at the author, not at the character committing the acts.   Other talented authors have conveyed character motives and attributes in  different ways, unfortunately this author did not.  I will not be  purchasing any future works from this author.
6305365121|1.0|This is definitely one of the weakest of the trek movies.  I liked The Final Frontier (#5)better than this.  Not enough here of the real Trek stuff that made the universe all that much better.  Too bad too because  Frakes has really resuscitated the trek movies better than LN ever did.  Nimoy was good with #6 and Frakes with Contact.  This just doesn't cut it.  Oh well, that dasturdly odd number curse of the Trek Movies I'd say.
6303407188|4.0|Should I feel sorry for Lugosi? I could not help it, I pittied him
0375707972|1.0|I am a thoughtful, avid and intelligent reader who does not watch daytime talk shows.  I found this book boring, offensive and pointless.  Don't be bullied into thinking that you are not intelligent if you do not like this  book.
0670881791|5.0|Not really my usual genre, yet I couldn't wait to pick it up again and sample more of the story. The prose is so eloquent it transports you to France. The chocolate is tantalising but more so one can visualise the  village entirely and feel the wind of change. The best I've read in a long  time.
0553212478|5.0|Mary Shelley's classic book has often been regarded as the first science fiction novel. Brian Aldiss has referred to it as the first novel of the Scientific Revolution. It should be required reading of any college or  college-bound student. The version I read was the original 1818 edition. In  1831, Mary Shelley made a number of changes (but, nothing of great import;  for example, in the 1831 version Elizabeth is no longer Victor's cousin). I  did read the author's new introduction to the 1831 edition however. This  introduction is well done. In this novel, written in the epistolary form, a  young (age 21) student at the University of Ingolstadt, Victor  Frankenstein, discovers the method of imparting life to inanimate tissue.  He uses his skills to construct a creature and to give it life. The  creature's and Victor's lives are intertwined and the reader can detect  much of Mary Shelley's early life as well. Her mother (i.e., her creator)  died a few days after her birth. The female act of creation and its results  is an aspect of this novel. Others have pointed out that this is a true  female novel. Although, the monster &quot;inspires loathing&quot; in all  who see him, I came to the conclusion that the real villian in this story  was Victor Frankenstein. He allows his own creation to control him.
6300214826|5.0|Why must every movie critic make negative disclaimers about this movie? When I watched it, I don't I moved for almost a full minute after it concluded.
0380973634|5.0|It never ceases to amaze me how the fantasy genre is consistently overlooked as a source of &quot;serious literature&quot; (whatever that means).  No, &quot;Neverwhere&quot; is not pregnant with convoluted  Jamesian sentences, nor does it possess the lyrical beauty of a Nabakov  novel, or break any new literary boundaries.  What it does do (more  completely and thoroughly than anything I've read in quite a while) is  ENTERTAIN.  Gaiman is a wonderful story-teller, and &quot;Neverwhere&quot;  is resplendent with a well-constructed mythos, three-dimensional  characters, and a storyline that hurtles you through the pages like a  juggernaut.  The protagonist, Richard Mayhew, plays an affable anti-hero,  and Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar are quite possibly two of the most  entertaining villians ever put to print. It is a worthwhile literary  endeavor.  Anyone that tells you otherwise is either incompetent or just  plain wrong.  Will this book be on The Modern Library's Top 100 books of  the 20th century?  Probably not, but considering what an outright farce  that was, who cares?  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; proves that the art of telling  a tale has not been lost; buried under a rubble of rhetoric maybe, but not  lost.  I consider this to be as credible of a form of literature as any  that has been written.  To those who consider it an airy form of escapism:  think again and come up with a more cogent response.  It simply isn't true,  believe me. This is what fantasy so desparately needs to be.
0380973464|2.0|As a person who considers Snow Crash and TDE two of her all time favorite novels, you can imagine how much I was looking forward to reading C. What a dissapointment! I actually liked the small, self-contained digressions  (cereal, etc) within the book more than the whole. The arch antagonist  (can't even remember his name) was like an afterthought, can't even be  compared to Raven. The characters' preoccupation with sex was funny for a  while, then got tedious. The math and CS side of it was interesting (Van  Eck phreaking!) but I'd say don't waste your time &amp; money with the  hardcover, get a condensed paperback.
B000002H2H|4.0|this is definetly not metallicas  best but sure is up top on my list. most songs are great except for escape, and ktulu. buy puppets, then kill, then maybe this one. you will still be amazed at the solos and double bass that  lars does.
0141301104|5.0|Dahl's works are always a joy to read. In both his works for adults and children, he exhibits a wonderfully wicked sense of humor, as in this book where the ever-so self-righteous &quot;Royal Society for the Prevention of  Cruelty to Children&quot; is a front for the witches. Now that that cover  is blown, wouldn't masquerading as an oppresed religion (as several  self-proclaimed &quot;witches&quot; seem to be doing here) be *exactly*  what one would expect them to do? Shortly before hatching their next  fiendish plot, of course.
B000002H33|5.0|this cd is definetly their best. the guitar riffs, drums, and bass solos all are so complex yet like always, metallica makes them sound simple. if you only buy one cd, make it this one. battery, puppets, and leper messiah  are awesome
B0000041Z5|5.0|Solti came late to Brahms and did not establish himself as with Mahler, Bruckner, Beethoven.  However these intrepretations provide interesting insights into Brahms and the complexity of his orchestral writing.  Never  sell Solti short with Brahms.  An excellent set at an excellent price.
0671015206|2.0|All arguments both pro and con are valid.  Yes this book does tell you about the lifestyles of those they studied.  Yes, it is also presented in a statistical format (the authors are statisticians, not writers).     Most  of the millionaires interviewed had incomes around $100,000 per year.  What  I think the public wanted was a step by step book on how to get there  earning $30,000 per year or less, like everyone else does.  This book does  not do it, all it does is give boring stats.   To the authors, if you'd  like to write a real hot selling book, then study the lifestyles of common  people who got rich on a modest income, then have someone else write it for  you.
0141301104|5.0|I'm 11 yrs old and lovedddd!!! this book. It kept moving all the way through. It was also scary. It was so real that it made you think it could happen.
006016848X|1.0|Don't even bother with this book.  It should be an IDG book in yellow and black called &quot;Marriage for Dummies&quot;.  I sold mine at a yard sale.  The author himself has been through 1 divorce, what does he know about  keeping a marriage intact?  It uses stupid examples and the book makes its  point in the first chapter.  It should have never went to print.  For a  real marriage pleaser, read &quot;His needs, her needs&quot; by Dr Willard  Harley.
B000001FTQ|5.0|bono,larry,adam and edge should collectively be known as GOD.this cd should be known as the bible.Bad is the defining moment. eternally in your debt lads. finglas lives in more places than finglas........
0385486804|4.0|Krakauer enters the mind of this troubled, idealistic young man in an amazing feature story about the tragic death of Chris McCandless. My only gripe with this book is the confusing chronological order. However, it  teaches us to never test nature because we will lose.
1573300403|5.0|Sure, my only comment to this wonderful DVD is ...wonderful music, wonderful quality, wonderful colours... that's all!<br />Flavio
0060273224|5.0|Sabriel is one of the best books that I have ever read! It completly enthrolls you in the ever devolping plot and the need to learn more about the wonderous main character. THe plot is a little complicated. I had to  read it twice to actually catch everything, but it really is a wonderful  book! I would recomend it to anyone who likes an action packed novel and  loves fantasy.
0380973464|2.0|I actually *bought* this in hardcover -- something I don't usually do but  I have very much enjoyed Stephenson's earlier work (including Interface  &amp; Cobweb under the name Stephen Bury) and thought this would be worth  the clams.  It's just not.  I wish his editor had told him to slash 500  pages -- &quot;just keep the 400 best, Neal&quot; and then I wouldn't have  had to sit through weird digressions that mean nothing to the plot or  furniture really turn some people on.   It was supposed to be a letter to  Penthouse and that's just what it read like.  Yawn.<br />I reacted very badly  to his stereotypes about men and women (he seems to be in the  women-are-inscrutable-and-so-much-smarter-than-mere-men school of odd  reverse sexism).  In this world either you're a wimpy new-age sexual  disappointment or a Nip-killing caveman with enough pheromones to rend a  catholic high school delirious.<br />The story pops around from WWII to the  present and there are interesting bits of actual factual content around  Ultra and the German Enigma engine but I found myself wishing I was either  reading a straight history of Ultra or a fictional  novel about something  else.   There's plenty of good stuff out there on WWII and it would make  for more entertaining reading anyway.<br />The underlying philosophy seems  about as well thought out as the average Wired editorial - it may appeal to  a bunch of socially inept webheads but to anyone who looks for something  beyond drooling accounts of how much horsepower, RAM, Mips, penile inches  etc. it's kinda flat and thin.  Basically technology is really cool and you  can make a ton of money and get babes (who of course aren't doing any of  the actual technology) doing cool things.<br />The comparisons to Tom Clancy  are certainly justified.  I've always thought poor Tom only had one good  book in him (Hunt For Red October) and everything else was just the turgid  right wing blather of someone who gets a hard on from watching military  hardware.  I thought Neal was better but he'll probably sell a killzillion  copies of this book and we'll have to suffer through an endless parade of  sequels.  Just say no
0380973464|1.0|The ambition is admirable, but this book is more tedious than Dickens at his worst.  Snow Crash is one of the great sci-fi novels of our time.  This is not.  Please don't waste your money or time with it.
0783225733|5.0|Ron Howard did a excellent job directing this movie. Tom Hanks and Ed Harris was great as usual. I can relate to the time the events actually took place. I watched this movie on DVD with a home theater system, the  sounds are so life like. This movie is a must for your collection.
B000002UAR|3.0|there are some favorites on here (eleanor rigby, good day sunshine, for no one and got to get you into my life) but i prefer rubber soul for its overall sound and unity. this seems to pull in too  many directions at once  and is less even than other albums. not my favorite album
B00000IQBN|5.0|This is a brilliant film misunderstood by those who wanted it to be something else.  Kubrick's visual style is magnificient, as always.  There are many bits of Kubrick's dark sense of humor, particualrly in the opening  dueling sequence.  One theme that seems to be pervasive:  Man is often  ugly, but what he creates is often beautiful.  I miss him alreadyTony  Tsendeas
B0000041Q3|5.0|to me a perfect blend of music and voice. Puccini's music is so melodic and sweeping in grandeur. My favorite is Caballe as Liu; her voice just floats on the final notes of signore, ascolta. i also love nessun dorma.  this is the greatest opera written by Puccini, to me, because of its  tightness of overall design and the majesty of its music.
0486284735|2.0|i know she is supposed to be one of the classic greats, but i just can't get into her writing (i force myself because i feel that i should read the classics, if only to make me a well rounded reader). i found the book slow  going and to be quite honest, boring.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|They have f**king sold out to the mainstream.  Their older albums have more originality and quality sounds.  Plus all the song on this disk sound the same.
B000002ULO|5.0|I must say, this album is a jewel. From folk to progressive numbers, this album may show all the music routes he had tasted over the years. And fortunately enough, it also has great lyrics. &quot;Somedays&quot; is  heart-breaking, so does &quot;Young boy&quot; (kind a father-to-son song).  And the supersub &quot;Beautiful night&quot; should be the new standard  Paul would consider when he might go on and release (I truly hope so) a new  album. But even if he doesn't release any other record, this a great ending  for such an incredible career. A must have.
0380973464|5.0|I mostly read Neal Stephenson because of the fabulous writing style he exhibited in Snow Crash and Zodiac.  His descriptions are uncannily evocative and his informal, present tense prose carries one along like a  fascinating conversation with a really intelligent friend.  I was  disapopinted with Diamond Age because he lost quite a bit of his  irreverence with that effort, but he has made up his ground  here.<br />Everything one might love (or hate) about Stephenson is present in  Cryptonomicon, from the wild similes to the long and convoluted  digressions.  And at over 900 pages, we get a heaping helping.  When I read  a really well written book, I am often disappointed when it is over.  Here,  as with Charles Dickens's novels, I am grateful for every page.  If you are  a fan of Stephenson's, then Cryptonomicon is a big, powerful dose of  exactly what you're looking for.
B000002UAU|5.0|In many ways, this album is a peak: technically, culturally, changed the way the music was made and sold, among many other aspects you can write down about it. Technically, this album was a challenge. EMI's Abbey Road  was still using four track machines in 1967 and they had to record 9 or  more tracks in this machine, each track is different in sound engineering:  distortion, heavy equilization, speed of instruments and vocals varied  because they used a primitive oscillator; and it's surprising that you can  hear clean treebles and a rich bass. Culturally, at those days London began  to experiment a cultural change. The youth wanted papers, magazines, music  all of them different from the &quot;official&quot; ones. This album made  underground respectable. Perhaps Frank Zappa's music was more innovative  and techically challenging, but the Beatles were part of what I'd call  &quot;rock and roll royalty&quot;. So If they were experimenting with  sounds, recording techniques, clothes and other, there'd be a bunch of  people being ready for following them. Maybe &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and  &quot;Revolver&quot; are better because they have a better group of songs;  as a matter of fact, each song of those albums could be a single and be a  smash hit because each song is great. Sgt. Pepper's needs to appreciated as  an album, hailed on those days as &quot;conceptual album&quot;. Perhaps,  today, it's not conceptual, but the Beatles were utilizing a full orchestra  in &quot;A Day in a Life&quot;, indian sounds in &quot;Within you without  you&quot; and capturing the whole scene of that era: love is all you need.  For those who think that &quot;Lovely Rita&quot; is a silly song, get the  music sheet and see the fluid melody the bass is following (in a stacatto  figure), as well as &quot;Goog Morning, Good Morning&quot;. The outstanding  crescendo at &quot;A day in a life&quot; comes directly from Stockhausen.  Paul McCartney was interested at his musical ideas and the time, and this  is a more abstract representation of Stockhausen's background. Also, this  album made evident that the Beatles were taking drugs (Lucy in the sky with  Diamonds - LSD), and many quoted that &quot;Henry the Horse&quot; from  &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; is a reference to heroin. The  line &quot;I'd love to turn you on&quot; had connotations of repressed  sexuallity and let me introduce you to the drug scene. That's why the BBC  banned &quot;Lucy in the sky with diamonds&quot; and &quot;A day in the  life&quot;. At this point, the Beatles quit touring, so the album was sent  on tour instead. So that's why I think this album is a peak and a classic  you should, at least, listen, because  such a great album could never be  equalled.
B000000132|5.0|This is one of my favorite Renaissance albums, (and I also really like &quot;Ashes are Burning&quot;).  &quot;Black Flame&quot; is wonderful, and &quot;Mother Russia&quot; is worth having the album for in itself.  Then  there is &quot;I Think of You.&quot;  Just Wonderful!!!
B000001FTD|5.0|If I ever make it as a recording artist, I'll cite this album as a profound influence.  My brother and I were simply changed forever after listening to this album (hundreds of times).<br />Very fast, very heavy, and  one of my all-time favorites.  I wish I could have seen them live during  that era.<br />I've got most Anthrax CDs and really, the rest aren't that  great, but I also like the &quot;I'm the Man&quot; EP and &quot;Attack of  the Killer B's&quot;.  The earlier albums had bright spots but were too  inconsistent, and the later albums with Belladonna were just plain crap  (i.e. State of Euphoria, Persistence of Time).  The new singer wasn't bad,  but the band never regained &quot;Among the Living&quot; form.<br />Also check  out S.O.D.!  (Stormtroopers of Death)  The &quot;Speak English or Die&quot;  album has also been revered to almost cult classic status.  S.O.D. was  composed of mostly Anthrax guys.
0380973464|5.0|From the rave reviews I had read, I had expected a meaty, and provoking insight into the (fascinating) world of cryptography. Instead, its more of a tradtional novel w/ a crypto bent. This is not an indictment, more of a  caveat. A fave read of mine over the years.
6305364648|2.0|Mild escapist fun.  Only worth a look if you haven't seen it.  <br />There are some good sequences and FX (a bridge blowing up, excellent missile effects) but overall the drama feels stilted, plodding.  In particular  there is a really slow fifteen to twenty minutes when the main character  chooses to interrogate his wife.  In the theater it was painful.  At least  on DVD you can just hit skip.  <br />The humor is decidedly lowbrow.  The Bill  Paxton subplot did not work as well as intended.  To misquote Paul Thomas  Anderson, &quot;Little dick jokes.  I don't know.&quot;<br />Also, the villain  was fairly weak, and the green screen composites in the final sequence just  look like shoddy work.
0385486804|3.0|While Krakauer is an excellent author, I was amazed that he failed to delve more deeply into the subject of the religious convictions of the subject of the book (Chris McCandless). I would have finished the book much  more satisfied if the author had offered a more complete picture of  McCandless's search for purpose and meaning in life. McCandless believed in  God, or so we must believe since his last written words (as included in the  book) include thanks to the Lord and mention of God. Jon Krakauer  identifies with McCandless and his search for an identity, but why did the  author avoid the more serious question of why someone with some belief in a  higher power would seek salvation in the wilds of Alaska? Why did  McCandless look down, at the Earth, rather than up, to God in Heaven, when  he went looking for &quot;the answer&quot;?
6303334598|5.0|A real feel-good movie.  And isn't it nice that it really could happen to you -- as it is based on a true story.  And of course, Nic Cage is yummy.
B00000B9N3|5.0|I have just received this disc, and it sounds fantastic.  I particularly enjoy the trueness of the recording, with the crowd noise and the applause, and particularly the bells of the cathedral. I wholeheartedly recommend  this cd, as I don't think it is possible to dislike the recording if you  enjoy classical music.
0783230893|5.0|I read the book first.  This is the first time ever that I actually thought the movie was BETTER than the book.  I'll watch it again and again.  Was the secret really in the sauce, or was it just another tall tale????
B00000ICET|5.0|Few first effort films are as endearing or enduring as Dark Star.  Humerous, frightening and odd it is a must see for any avid SciFi viewer.<br />Dan O'Bannon and John Carpenter's first effort.
B000002U82|5.0|This is an album about human existance, our greatest fears, and what keeps us from living in harmony.  This album encompasses the feelings and experiences of the entire human race as a whole.  A true masterpiece.
0062502174|5.0|I read the alchemist at a period in my life when I was very low, stuck in a rut and generally full of despair. It didn't solve my problems but it's very simplicity cut to the very heart of them and helped me to look at  these problems with a clear and dispassionate eye. Everyone has points in  their lives when they are stuck in a rut, depressed and convinced that  no-one else can understand and frequently all it takes to find the strength  and motivation to change our circumstances is the voice of a stranger,  someone outside of our everyday lives who empathises and finds the words to  express our sorrows. It has been said that life is simple, it is only human  beings who seek to make it more complicated. Likewise, The Alchemist is a  fable and does not seek to detract from its message with needless metaphors  and over-sophistication. This book has no illusions of literary grandeur -  it doesn't need any. Instead it has a quiet and subtle power which compels  the reader to confront his/her fears and rejoice in our desires and  aspirations. Only the most jaded or cynical can fail to be moved. I urge  everyone to go out and buy it - I assure you that it will help you in your  darkest hours and make brilliant the brightest of days.
6304925034|5.0|This is a film that can be watched over and over; you will pick out delicate nuances with every viewing.  This is Nicholson's tour de force - his strongest cinematic performance without question. This script is simply  without equal; dramatic without contrivances.  The humor in this film is  exceptional as well.
6305176299|4.0|I think Dennis Hopper did a superb supporting role as the psycho villain in the movie, Speed.  His thirst for vengeance in exchange for cold cash was well put together.  Hopper carries the whole lead in this movie.   Although smart and lethal Hopper seems to be, Keanu Reeves, with his  heartthrobbing good looks, makes his move to stop the wise and  temperemental Hopper.  The movie takes you around the greater LA area--the  freeways, boulevards and to LAX, which are fun to watch. The movie stunts  evolving the speeding bus are shocking with disbelief throughout.  Lastly,  Sandra Bullock is just another cute face in the movie with her &quot;help  me, rescue me&quot; role.
0380713802|5.0|After reading all the other readers'reviews, I realize it all has been said about this book. I will just add a few personal points. I have experienced this book from the perspective of a &quot;double  foreigner&quot;: I was born in Chile, South America but have been a  resident of the US for the past 19 years and now I find myself living in  Europe for a 1 yrs. stint.  Let me tell you, when you are in that position,  you can really use laughter to help difuse the many frustrating situations  that come up.  This book certainly did that!  It is so right on target.I'm  in Belgium now and have travelled to some of the countries Mr. Bryson talks  about and it seems we have shared similar experiences.  Also, after reading  his book, I decided to visit Brugge and he was SO right!  It was the most  beautiful and perfect place I have EVER seen so far in Europe. Amsterdam  WAS full of washed out hippies, derelict looking people and garbage  everywhere. Waiters in Europe ARE rude and on it goes.  He really nails  it!! I too found myself laughing out loud and waking my husband at 4:00AM.  to share chapters with him. This book will lift the spirit and leave you  knowing you're not alone when feeling like a foreigner in a foreign land..  but it doesn't have to be a bad thing, it could be a hilarious thing!
6304936303|4.0|Bruce Willis &amp; Damon Wayans teamed up for the first time in this action film on gambling, drugs, prostitution, city violence, prostitution and family breakdown, etc.  which centers the LA scene.  Demoralizing as it  seems to be, the Last Boy Scout is quality entertaining for mature  audiences despite of the vulgar language that is spoken throughout.  And  Willis &amp; Wayans are good at that.  Sick humor is the best word to  describe it.
0553577123|5.0|This book is really what Anne frank was thinking when she was in hiding, that is why I find this book so great and compelling. Reading her story makes you realize how great life really is.
6305090564|3.0|Deep Rising is one of those nonsense movies I've seen.  If the producer is trying to impress the viewer with the gruesome sea monster in the movie, then he succeeded.  Visual graphics &amp; sound performance for the DVD is  absolutely astounding. Other than that, it's silly.
0792833686|5.0|If you're like me, you don't want to waste your money on a DVD that you'll only watch once and never again. Have no fear - &quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; is one you'll watch again and again. Every so often, we put it  in just to watch some of our favorite scenes. The DVD itself is very good  quality - good color, good picture and sound. Highly recommended!
630416923X|5.0|This is a staggering overview of rock's most significant band and one of our century's greatest cultural forces.  There are countless clips one could only classify as &quot;priceless&quot; but I'd have bought it for the  &quot;Rain&quot; video alone.  The progression these guys made in the few  years they were together was nothing less than miraculous.  Imagine a band  today taking as many artistic risks in a six-year period.  It doesn't even  seem possible.  Thank God The Beatles came along, however short their stay.
B000002579|5.0|L. is one of the most important album of my life. Carry on is the song of my high school days. In Italy Kansas are not so famous... why?
6303589170|4.0|At first sight, I immediately fell in love with this movie.  In the beginning, the movie seemed a little slow, pointless, and mostly vague.  But, there's a reason for this.  This aptitude of slowness helped to  develop the main character of the film.  As you saw Starman start to  'form', or 'develop', you saw that his motives were an innocent act of  courtesy on the behalf of humankind whereas, adversely, those hard core  scientific folk saw him as a mind-eater or brain-washer.  This movie really  made you think about life and its subsequential intricacies.  <br />I really  enjoyed &quot;Starman&quot; for it's low-key progressional storyline and  it's great special effects.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who  enjoys movies such as &quot;ET&quot; and &quot;Close Encounters of the  Third Kind.&quot;<br />Overall, I feel that young movie-goers might enjoy this  movie for its special effects while a more mature audience may appeal,  additionally, to the soft and ageless storyline.
0553269631|5.0|This book continues to move me so; I find myself re-reading it on an almost annual basis.  The genius of the book is the gradual revelation that Singer -- whom the chararaters have with a sort of moral authority -- is  really a flawed and empty person himself.  The pace at which that  information is revealed may not suit everyone, but the slow unravelling of  the story only adds to the impact of the revelation when it ultimately  comes.<br />I'm glad to hear that a few English teachers are still assiging it  (obviously to the protestations of some of their students)!
0316920045|4.0|No, the man is not Thomas Pynchon, at least, not beyond his unintentional absorbtion of certain Pynchonesque plot mechanics(if you've read &quot;V&quot; then the overall structure of IJ will seem, at times,  annoyingly familiar).  He is, however, extraordinairly talented and ballsy  enough to produce a dense, 1000 page work of art for an age that barely  reads at all anymore.    <br />Perhaps the  funniest, most poignant element of the novel is its built-in joke on its  harshest critics: people too thick to pick up on the brickbat-subtle irony  of this novel certainly won't grasp the hilarious irony that this book,  which comments on the shortening of our collective attention span and  increase in our cravings for things to fill the void created by this  withdrawn attention, is actually too long and drawn out for them to finish,  much less enjoy.  My favorite critique on this page is the from the person  who first discusses how intelligent they are and how great their vocabulary  is, and in the process of doing so, mispells &quot;intelligent.&quot;  This  is exactly the sort of cosmic irony that makes IJ doubly rewarding.  You  don't have to be an elitist prig to enjoy the novel...scorning the  intellectually lazy is not elitism, it's simply the spoils of  victory.<br />Finally, for all those &quot;I wish there was a zero star  rating&quot; folks out there, here are a few concepts that might come in  handy when next you pick up a book without pictures in it: Metaphor.   Irony.  Allegory.  Allusion.  Self-Effacement.  Satire.  Puns.  No, the  goddamned book is not about tennis (here's where the metaphor concept comes  in folks). No it is not about Quebecois separatism.  Yes, it is  horrendously long and unsubtle and dense with clinical terminology of  questionable veracity. But yes, it is also a very rewarding read, if you  happen to be an active reader, rather than one of these pathetic brain  donors who are passive in the face of all pop-culture (exactly the  needlebrains this book skewers with a red hot poker).  Yes, you may have to  look up a few interviews with Wallace, and you may have to use a dictionary  (gasp! anything but that...heaven forbid you expand your vocabulary). But  isn't that what reading should partly involve...taking you out into the  world and forcing you to confront your ignorance and maybe take an active  role in diminishing it?  Shouldn't it occasionally provide something beyond  a lazy summertime thrill or banal escapism?  IJ's de facto answer, just by  its sheer bulk, is a resounding yes.
0385493800|5.0|I have read Grisham's other books and really enjoyed this one. The mix of different topics made this one of my favorite Grisham books. I liked the differences between The Testament and his other books. It was a real page  turner and I like the religious aspects of it. Working at a recovery home I  found that aspect of the book particularly interesting. I would like to  read more eclectic books like this from Grisham.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This cd is so great because you will feel the same about it years into the future( that is if your allready a phil fan).  The small amount of $ this costs will pay you back ten fold, with memories of the 80's and just good  listening!!
B00000IQMT|2.0|I realize that this is a whole new trilogy and a lot has changed, many might think it wrong to compare this score with the old trilogy, but I don't see how you cannot. The score to the Phantom Menace doesn't even  sound like Williams did it. In  the original trilogy, the music for each  character fit them so well. What we have now is more so music to fit what  is happening in the movie. What I missed most was the single melody that  was present in almost every piece that bound them all together. This  consistency that made the original trilogy music so great is not present in  this new score. So it is with regret that I give this CD a score of 2  stars. My only hope is with the next two films, they bring back the formula  that made the original trilogy score so powerful and moving.
6300271285|5.0|The Music is very catchy, I have a tape of it and play it frequently.  Moranis is at his best (nerd mode) and the evil dentist is a scream.  The antics of the creature are really something to watch, and it is OK for kids  to watch as well!
068815333X|4.0|LeHane writes a very enjoyable mystery with excellent character development, good plot needed more twists and turns. Excellent read I recommend it.
6303921248|5.0|Whether you are a true Jane Austen fan or an English history buff, you'll love this updated BBC version of Pride and Prejudice.  Langton correctly casts Ehle as the perceptive, outspoken, country-raised Elizabeth Bennett  and Firth as the wealthy, landed, aristocratic Fitzwilliam Darcy whose  &quot;pride&quot;, and the issue of &quot;pride&quot; in general, captures  the focal point of Austen's novel.  Langton does excellent work in weaving  true English history with Austen's mix of characters -- from the  not-so-subtle humor of Mr. Bennett towards Mrs. Bennett at his modest home  at Longbourne to the insipid behavior of Mr. Collins at his benefactor's  grand estate. The videography is better here than in Persuasion and has  much more depth than Sense and Sensibility.  I hope Langton will take an  opportunity to do these as well!  While the movie set is 5 hours long, it's  length is needed to move the main characters down Austen's intended path of  self-discovery -- where opinions can be altered and pride can be misread.
0385493800|4.0|As an early Grisham reader, I had started losing interest in his works but I decided to try once again.The Testament was a spellbinder from the very beginning.  Even the title itself is filled with intrigue. The plot based  on human greed is a common one although for most people not on such a grand  scale. The contrast between the superwealthy and the superpoor is a  wonderful study on life for most of us who fall in between these extremes.   During the entire reading,I wanted the story to develop along the lines  that the two main characters lived happily ever after, knowing full well  that this was not a depression type feel- good effort.  The book has a  powerful, sad, beautiful ending with poetic justice. Although not a  classic, I give it a very high rating for to a great extent, it captures  the end of the century  living style.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I waited 5 hours in line &amp; 2 hours in the movie theatre to see the midnight showing on opening day, and it was worth all of it (In fact, I'm going to see it again tonight).  The next day I went right after work to  buy this, and I have to say again, it was worth it.  The music is  excellent, and accentuates every bit of the movie.  This is a must-own for  every Star Wars fan!
B000007R0S|5.0|Great cd especially on dts, harmonys are super a must buy for dts fans
0593044703|5.0|I love this book. I read it in two days, and didn't get much sleep in between. It was imposible to lay down
068484267X|5.0|I am an avid reader whom enjoys all types of books, and I pick this book to be one of my favorites.  No lengthy explaination needed. Buy it and enjoy.
0793518326|5.0|Sure there are inaccuracies. (wrong guitar tunings, muffed lyrics). Some instruments are even mis-identified but the authors have worked a miracle in getting ALL their official releases transcribed.  For guitar players  like me this book is straight from heaven. For the other gripers here I say  Have You Got Something Better? No, you don't.<br />The various guitar fills  and licks are ALL there. There are details that I, a 20 year Beatle  listener had never noticed myself.<br />If you are a musician and love the  Beatles, buy this book!!
6302797535|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time at Century 24 in Sacramento, CA...I was 12 at the time, and I laughed my A@$ off!!! I have seen it DOZENS of times since, and it actually gets FUNNIER every time! If you don't want to  see it for the understated, yet over the top performances, view it for the  cast alone! David Niven, Maggie Smith, Nancy Walker, Eileen Brennan...and  that guy who plays the blind butler, Alec Guiness(he went on to play a bit  part in some Sci-Fi movie a year later, but I don't think it caught too  much attention)! Buy this Video; if you don't like it, you must E-mail me  and tell me why! (Offer not available to George Lucas)
0553108034|5.0|George R.R.Martin has succeeded in creating a fantasy world that reads like real-world medieval history - with a few magic extras thrown in. The fact that not everyone in the story runs around throwing flaming fireballs  from their hands lends a more urgent and &quot;fantastic&quot; air to the  magic that does occur.<br />What amuses me, in a sad sort of way, by other  readers' comments about the violence toward the women in the book is this:  do you not care about the violence toward the men? Is it for some reason  acceptable that men are hacked to bits, beheaded, dismembered, etc.? There  are characters in the book that are entirely selfish and willing to do  *anything* to get what they want . . . men and women both. Martin has  created fully realized characters that live. To assume that these  characters reflect his personal attitudes is shortsighted and naive.<br />Read  the book with no preconceived biases and you will be amazed at the sheer  depth of the tale.
0060977493|5.0|The language of A. Roy is magnificent.  She is able to paint a wonderful story with vivid detail.  Each time a word or phrase is repeated throughout the novel (which is quite often and a wonderful, fresh approach), it takes  on more and more life, and makes more sense.  I hope that the author will  continue to amaze and astound with her wonderful talents.
B000002B7S|5.0|This album rocks. Now You See It is one of the best Ozzy songs ever! If you like Ozzy you'll love this album, buy it or Your'e No Different then a rock critic.
6304539258|5.0|It is only fitting for the man who reinvented Special effects with Star wars to come back and reinvent the effects with the above mentioned film after 20 years. The scene with jabba just goes to show that we are fast  approaching an era when films would cease to be a linear experience. pretty  soon we will be watching  &quot; THE REVENGE OF BRUCE LEE &quot; with the  lead actor ,a digital construct. Mr. Lucas go forth and multiply !
B000001EHS|5.0|Fifteen years of pure rock - this is the best of the first 7 Def Leppard albums rolled up into one, with a new hit - When Love &amp; Hate Collide. Some of these songs define Rock 'n Roll itself - they are truly musical  masterpieces.<br />A must have for all rock fans...
B0000025VU|4.0|I'm not among the Dylan fans who rank Infidels as one of his best.  While it's a consistently strong effort, it has neither the fire of his classic 60s work or the starkness that has marked his best albums since (Blood on  the Tracks, Desire, Oh Mercy).  But I really like it anyway. Why?  It's the  songs, stupid. Infidels is one of the sole bright spots during Dylan's  darkest artistic period (1978-1988).  Jokerman is rightfully considered a  classic, and Sweetheart Like You, Liscense to Kill and I and I are also  strong.
6301790170|5.0|From the opening sequences, you'll find this movie loaded with action in probably the seemiest place on earth.  It's the perfects setting for 4 down and out escapees from society to meet one another in an effort to save the  profits of the oil company.
0374172897|4.0|The opening of this book is one of stunning and vivid artistry -- it's a most visually arresting first chapter. Like Moliere, Cunningham has a real talent for choosing the right words. Each word was carefully selected for  its contribution to the work.The author obviously labored at this short  novel.  Cunningham properly gives credit to Jonathan Galassi as a  &quot;secular saint&quot; who scores another popular, literary victory  after &quot;Charming Billy.&quot; But we almost expect work of this  literary quality from Farrar, Straus &amp; Giroux and Roger Straus, who in  Vanity Fair of May was critical of publishers who &quot;add nothing to  literature.&quot; Clearly, this work is a literary gem. The close of the  book also held a rich surprise, which showed the strength of Cunningham's  (Woolf's) technique as a storyteller. The multiple layers and flowing  connections of events and symbolism among the lives of the three women  proved subtly meaningful and unobtrusive. Of the three characters, Mrs.  Woolf was the most intriguing to me -- but she was the muse, after all.  Some players outside the leads were not as sharply drawn and were in some  cases so pretentious and shallow that we may not have had much empathy for  them.  It seems to me that not only has Cunningham written a wonderful  novel but also he brings a great many readers back to Virginia Woolf, which  in itself, is a great service to those who respect his writing.
B000005RS1|4.0|Some songs makes the CD really worth: the live version of &quot;Cindarella Search&quot;, expecially the lead guitar, is wonderful. Some other songs, like &quot;Lady Nina&quot;, are nice, but have to be labeleled definitively  as &quot;B&quot; sides. These are the minority on the CD, and after all I  think this is a very good one. I liked the first edition which missed  &quot;Keyleight&quot;, &quot;Fugazi&quot; and &quot;Script for a Jester  Tears&quot; and I think these three songs add a great value to a CD which  was already good.
B000002UAX|5.0|An astounding variety of styles and emotions is on display here, from the studio virtuoso Beatles. Soft and loud, direct and surreal, funny and serious, simple and complicated, old fashioned and radically new, the list  goes on and on. Many great songs almost get buried in the avalanche of  their fellow songs. What an experience!
0767802659|1.0|Look at the white Johnny Rico....When I heard that ST was being made into a movie I barely contained my excitement.  Just think, powered armor, great effects, incredible sound, fascinating story.  After ten minutes I thought  I was in the wrong theatre.  I had a hard time not killing the teenagers  behind me who seemed awed by the &quot;really deep story.&quot;  Apparently  they have never read the book...or any book for that matter.  I don't think  this movie could have been worse.  No redeeming qualities whatsoever.  I  guess Hollywood thinks all of us are mindless morons who like flashy  lights, things that go boom, and actors (hahaha) we should feel sad for  because their hair got out of place.  I guess being &quot;snooty&quot; is  expecting Hollywood to make an intelligent film based on an intelligent  book.  Independence Day was the movie to not think and just have fun.  ST  was the movie to show the world that most of the best SF was written in the  40's - 60's.
078062551X|5.0|This is a complex film of alien mind control and matter control versus the strength of humanity. Each night the aliens put everyone to sleep and give them new memories and identities as part of an experiment. In look it is  remeniscent of Bladerunner, the aliens are straight out of Hellraiser but  all together the film comes out as unique. The City is the star, a dark  shapshifting mass of skyscrapers walkways and bridges, which adds an extra  element to chases as doors appear and staircases change shape. This film  lingered  in my memory growing in stature, and was even better the second  time around even though I knew the ending. A sleeping classic waiting to be  recognised.
0679731369|5.0|Read this book.  Read this book. Read this book.  But first, read Pale Fire, by Vladimir Nabokov. That done, read this book.
0684867621|5.0|I am a big King fan. I really enjoyed this book. I have read most of King's books and feel that this story to be so realistic. I grew up in the country as a kid and spent alot of time in the woods. I always wondered  what I would do if I ever got lost and now I know what it would be like. I  felt everyting that Trisha felt. I enjoyed this novella very much. I am  trying to encourage my 12  year daughter to read it. I think it would be a  excellent book for young adults to read. I am also a Baseball fan so I can  relate to that part of the book also. Very delighted with all of King's  novels. He is truly an artist.
B000002GYN|5.0|I still really like the Eagles' first album.  Part of it is nostalgia -- it takes me back to my youth.  The other part is obvious -- these songs are terrific.  The Eagles have a style that is immediately identifiable and  inimitable.<br />I also enjoy the banjo of original Eagles member Bernie  Leadon.  And &quot;Train Leaves Here This Morning&quot; is one of those  songs that shuffles along with quiet understated majesty, as only the  Eagles can do.
B000002BFL|2.0|the songs all start to sound the same after 3 tracks.  a very talented man who needs to find a new inspiration.
6305365121|4.0|I thought the movie was great. Sure, It was on the light side but you needed something like that after First Contact. Frakes did an excellent job directing and I hope he sticks around. The special effects were amazing  even though they were not done by Lucasart. I think they focused too much  on Picard and Data. They need to develop their other characters such as  Troi, Crusher, or LaForge. Ok, so it wasn't as good as first contact but it  still was an action-packed film with humor, good villans, and all-around  good acting.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is the most exciting soundtrack I've ever heard. In addition it's some of the best music I've heard. Period. And I've heard a lot of music. John Williams has written some amazing music in his time and this is  absolutely no exception. The choral elements, especially in Duel of the  Fates, are haunting and the sheer power of the London Symphony Orchestra is  overwhelming at times. Williams manages to constantly keep the listener at  the edge of their seat while stepping up the intensity. Just when you think  it can't get more powerful, it does. And then it elevates another level.  This is a masterpiece by John Williams and can easily stand without the  movie as a piece than belongs in any music lovers library.<br />Of course this  all comes from a true Star Wars fan. :)
B00000I9MK|5.0|I have to admit to the shame of only owning Tigermilk on tape. The quality of the recording is abysmal, as it has been passed from friend to friend and re-recorded so many times I've lost count. However, us fans have to  make do with what we can get, legally or otherwise. The owner of the  original obtained his in a mysterious manner through contact with the band  themselves. The luck some people have! I suppose if you employ the theory  of six degrees of separation the possibilities are endless! However, having  said that, I can claim to have seen Stuart David munching on a Big Mac in  McDonalds next to Central Station, so although that may not sound as  thrilling as it was, it made my day!  Although the re-release of Tigermilk  is a good thing, I'll kind of miss that buzz you get when you discover  someone else owns a copy too. It has a way of uniting you with a total  stranger that very few things can.  This summer will be a good one. I can  tell.
6302990114|5.0|I have seen this movie many times and still loving it...can't forget all the characters, especially Salom Otterbourne.
B00000DQWT|5.0|Even if you don't see the movie, this recording will blow you away.There is so much here. I would compare it to Joni Mitchell's &quot; Heijira &quot;. An awesome effort of pure genius. If you don't get this album,  you're dead and too stupid to fall down.
6305451591|5.0|I saw this show twice, and absolutly loved it. I can't wait till it comes out on vidio. It is a great show for the hole family.
B000002VFW|5.0|i think lisa stansfield is the best singer. this cd is very strong contented about love. this is the best cd she ever came out with , she speaks her mind and is not afraid of love.i give this cd two thumbs up!!
6304071906|5.0|Heaven's GAte is one of the 20 top films ever made. A true classic American film. In fifty years no one will remember the Matrix and Something About Mary, but Heaven's Gate will be discussed by a new generation of film  makers and audiences. Watch the film and make up your own mind. Some times  myth becomes reality. The myth was that this is one of the worst films ever  made, the reality is that it is a classic. The finest film made in the  1980's.
6304708491|5.0|The movie is wonderfull, but more than that is the best picture quality agains the original record...
0679457313|5.0|... and I do read a lot of books.The characters, Chacko, Baby Kochamma, Ammu, Velutha and of course the twins will stay with me forever. I couldn't put the book down.  Read it, savor it and re-read it.
B0000019PA|5.0|I played selections from this album at work and to other folks not neccessarily into this type of music.  They were coming up to me and asking who the singer was and I had to slowly say the name of the band with a  poker face.  Come on, &quot;Two Headed Boy?&quot;  The lyrics are weird but  the emotions are honest.
B00000IBRX|5.0|The universal lack of response to this movie sickens me. Over here (Scotland) it played for less than a week in the cinema and it was empty. This was one of the greatest films I have ever seen and probably the most  underated. Anyone who found this film boring probably is.
0553212443|5.0|This is the classic tale by of Ebenezer Scrooge who receives a visit from the ghost of Marley, his late business partner, on Christmas Eve. Scrooge then travels to the past, present, and future with three ghosts. The Ghost  of Christmas Future shows Schrooge what his funeral will be like and what  the future holds if he doesn't mend his ways. This is a story that lifts up  one's spirits, not only at Christmas time, but throughout the year. I  recommend it highly to everyone. I usually reread it every Christmas.  Several individuals have also pointed out that not only is this an early  time-traveling story (perhaps the earliest), it is also probably the  earliest story about alternative futures, later popular among science  fiction writers as well as historians.
B00000IIXH|2.0|But settled on 2 due to the rehashed material.  If The Fever and The Promise (even in this bowlderized version) had been included on the original Tracks, that would have been a great set.  As it is, Tracks is  weakened by the exclusion of these two songs (among other less notorious  omissions), and 18 Tracks is has only a few worthwhile songs (most notably  Growin Up, Hearts of Stone, Born in the USA, Pink Cadillac &amp; Brothers  Under the Bridge, besides the new cuts).  Of the new songs, The Fever is  legitimately a great song.  The Promise could be  Springsteen's best song,  although this version doesn't live up to it's full potential (I appreciate  that The Promise is finally available, though).  Trouble River is probably   the worst song on the set.
B000002JSN|5.0|Trust me, if you are a Led Zeppelin fan and appreciate good music, there is no way you will not fall in love with this one.  It is different than their traditional hard rock, but the flow and meaning of the songs and  music is a work of art.  To me, they really peaked on this album, it  doesn't get any better up or down. Disc two is my favorite classic rock  album by itself. I can't say enough about it. The music gets to your soul  and makes you feel like only great music can.
0060925000|4.0|The characters are delightfully portrayed &amp; most vivid!  The description of Indian village life was  excellent enough to make you want to visit one!<br />The only things which prevent this from being a 5* review  are the lengthy political scenes, which though informative, really did test  my patience! I just wanted to get on with the story!!<br />Approach this book  with Patience!
0451523938|5.0|Stevenson's classic short novel, first published in 1886, of a physician who believes in the dual nature of man (a good and a bad side) and who discovers a drug that creates a separation of the two personalities. Mr.  Hyde has all of Jekyll's evil instincts and, as pointed out in the  excellent accompanying essay by Vladimir Nabokov (included in the edition I  read), is a part of the greater persona of Jekyll. Hyde is pure evil and  Hyde's influence and control grows with time. Soon Jekyll finds that the  transformation comes involutarily and the drug begins loosing its power to  transform the physician into his normal persona. A fascinating novel that  had a big influence on a large number of later writers. It should be a  required classic for all students.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is the best soundtrack ever! For many other soundtracks, a couple of songs are good, and rest are craps. But all songs in TPM are really great. I could feel the jolt of &quot;imperial march&quot; all over again.
006107327X|4.0|I think it's a cool book, but it's a little bit commercial, because it seems like Warner Bros. decided everything.
B000002UAI|4.0|This is one of the only times I can think of where a band laid bare their musical inspirations for all to see on a disc of their own. It gives us a chance to see the Fabs as excited acolytes (&quot;Rock 'n' Roll  Music&quot;, the covers), novice songwriters (&quot;I'll Follow the  Sun&quot;, written when Paul was 16), and young men grappling with the  realities of life in general (think about it-it's 1964, John's on top of  the world, and yet he's so unhappy he writes a song called &quot;I'm a  Loser&quot;!) It's ironic too that this album came out the same year as  &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, which was all Lennon/McCartney, as opposed  to this LP, which is mostly covers. I think &quot;Leave My Kitten  Alone&quot; would have made a great addition to this album, and &quot;What  You're Doing&quot; should have been a B-side. Also, I love the daffy vocal  effect on &quot;Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby&quot; (the massive wall of  echo, so unusual for a Beatles LP). And I too think that a true stereo  version should come out on CD, along with all the &quot;American  versions&quot; that aren't on CD (i.e., the high-hat intro to &quot;All My  Loving&quot;, the re-mixed &quot;She's A Woman&quot;, the quick guitar run  at the beginning of &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot;, and the original  Capitol LP mix of &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot;-the rhythm guitar  sounded completely different on that one, and I've never found a pressing  that had quite the same effect. It sounds compressed on all the re-issues,  even those in stereo, on LP at least). And, listen close to the verses (not  the chorus)of &quot;I Don't Want to Spoil the Party&quot;-it sounds like  John and Paul, but it's actually John singing both parts, just as he would  on &quot;Woman&quot; years later!
0553573411|5.0|I read this book first, then read Assassin's Apprentice to see where it started, then finally  Assassins Quest with bated breath.  Glad I picked it up.<br />&quot;Royal Assassin&quot; is a lovely play on words, best understood  once the story is over, as is the premise that &quot;Chivalry ain't  dead&quot; which, while never uttered, provides the foundation for the  protagonist's existence.  That sense of irony is ever present throughout  the series, and is beautifully complemented by Hobbs' use of adjective  given names:  Shrewd, Desire, Verity, Constance, Regal, etc.  The measured  development and revelation of each character's flaws and motivations is a  beautiful example of how to write a book that startles you with plot  twists, all of which ultimately make sense.  The hardest character to reach  is Regal, which is a shame, since he is a believable self-justified  villain.  <br />Hobb's system of magic is easy to grasp, and does not require  too great a suspension of disbelief to incorporate, since so few people in  the book actually practice the Skill or the Wit.  Her ability to  demonstrate the suspicions and superstitions of commoners is admirable.   Most compelling, however, is her ability to get inside the &quot;coming of  age&quot; problem with a stark realism that most cannot achieve.    Hobb is  also able to address intimate relationships, love, and marriage from a very  human, and often humorous perspective, a skill that is rarely displayed in  the fantasy genre.  The setting is rich with vivid depictions of life in a  medeival castle.  You can smell the stew cooking in the kitchen, and taste  the warm bread that Fitz wheedles from Cook when it is fresh out of the  oven.  You also appreciate the plain difficulty of getting things done,  even for one endowed with the Skill.  And you empathize with the  archetypical ailing king, whose hold on life and his kingdom are both  weakening, and who nonetheless battles to impose his will on the events  shaping his kingdom.<br />Best of all, Fitz is an imperfect protagonist, who  must rely on tenacity and his various friends to achieve his goals and  survive in the deadly environment of court intrigue.  The only problem with  reading this book is that most contemporary fantasy pales in comparison.   Robin Hobb has raised the bar.
6304167660|5.0|I have been watching movies for over 50 years and i think the part between Tim Hutton and Natalie Portman is one of the most beautiful love stories i have ever seen in a movie. It was done with words and looks between the two  and it was fantistic. I thought i was crazy thinking the way i did, until i  saw some of the other reviews.
0767812417|4.0|This was one of those films that looks bad until you get into it, then it's actually worth while. Everyone in the movie looks like they could use a good scrubbing or bath.  Bill Sykes is one of the most vile villans in  the movie world. I mean he's just evil. Overall, I would say this is a  movie for all ages. There are only two death scenes in the whole movie; one  is when the bad guy dies and the other isn't even shown. I say buy it and  see for yourself. This movie will suprise you.
B000001E8P|5.0|catchy outlandish sarcastic sad retro groundbreaking odd brilliant stupid beautiful scary ugly fearless perfect we need this man in the whitehouse now go out and vote.
0060977493|5.0|I'm surprised at what I had to write as a one-line summary.  The sum of the parts is gut-wrenching.  However, when I think about this book I inevitably smile.  Venutha having tea with the twins (Estha in drag), Rahel  with her Fountain in a Love-in-Tokyo and silly glasses, Estha singing along  with the nuns in the Sound of Music, the twins shivering their legs and  acting like clerks.<br />  I think that looking for an Epic in this novel is  missing the point.  The God of Small Things is all in the overlooked joys  of everyday life.  That is where hope comes from.
6303942830|5.0|This movie probably rates as my all time favorite.  Lush with beautiful scenery, enchanting music, and an enthralling story line, the movie builds through a sequence of battles and heart-felt loss to absolutely captivate  the viewer.  The second half of the film is especially captivating, and not  really for the faint of stomach (and hence it's R rating).  This is  definetely a movie for the big screen - or simply turn down the lights,  turn up the surround sound, and enjoy one of the best epics of this decade.
630521610X|5.0|Scream was one of the best movies ever.  I must agree with a couple of the reviews before where they said that this started all the teen movies to date.  I remember seeing this move a couple of years ago with some friends  and loving it(not just because of Neve Campbell).  She did help the movie  alot though.  Wes Craven did an excelent job on both this movie and Scream  2 keeping you guessing until the very end.  Once again, an excelent job on  a true classic.
B0000067X1|5.0|listen, all of the damo suzuki+can stuff is incredible(check out &quot;future days&quot; and &quot;ege bamyasi&quot;), but this is the best of all. long spread-out groove-y noise and unrelenting rhythym... an  amazing record to drive to. i read something in spin magazine that called  &quot;augm&quot; self-indulgent noodling or something to that effect, but  they didn't get it--it's meditational music, not poptones. i listen to it  when i get home from work to unwind-a righteous brain massage.  &quot;cannibalism 1&quot; has a 6-minute edit of this song. when i first  heard it, i hated it... but sound bites are deceptive. don't be  fooled--there is a lot more to this album than 30 seconds of realplayer can  convey. buy this record, listen to it again and again. <br />side note--when i  was a kid, we had a lowry organ with a preprogrammed set of beats with  adjustable tempo dials. &quot;peking o&quot; uses the same organ, but it  took me many repeated listenings to realize that.
B000005JH5|5.0|I bought this album (yes, album) 18 years ago, and I've never tired of it.  If you're just getting into Kate Bush, The Kick Inside, The Dreaming, Never Forever and Lionheart are the ones to start with.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is the must-have cd for any heavy punk-grunge fans out there. The music feels so right, and the lyrics take the songs to another level. AND its a great way to calm down if u feel tense. So, basically this is a  SUPURB CD
0684867621|5.0|This book is what would happen.  Having been throughly dissappointed by many of King's more recent outings, I was hesitant to try this slim volume.  Fortunately, I forged ahead and picked it up.  King is at his best when he  tackles archetypal horrors, and this work contains just such a element.  The protagonist, Trish, is a typical King child: tough, optimistic,  determined, intelligent, and besought with trials that most adults would be  unable to face.  One of his best in YEARS!
0684800713|5.0|What a jewel!  Hemingway's style and prose is so refreshing.  With every page I wanted to jump in and join the group of expatriates on there vacation.  He capture the fine details and the pains of life with his  brevity rather than relying on grandiose paragraphs and sentences.  Sometimes beauty is found in simplicity, and this story is the perfect  example.  A must read and must own for anyone's personal collection.
B000002NJS|5.0|For many years she has grabbed the attenion of millions of fans with her power of strength and freedom. Her work is always changing and &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is a masterpeice of this age. I wait for her to once again  astonish the world with her work. She is a strong woman. -Jacklyn Watkins
6301773551|5.0|A Must see over and over again
6305426651|5.0|This movie shows how truly touching a parent's love for a child can be. It was a wonderful movie. Definitely my favorite of 1998, or probably even of 1999.
006016848X|1.0|This author is trying to pass some of his ungrounded, unscientific, unproven, PERSONAL FEELINGS as FACTS in his &quot;Mars vs. Venus&quot; series. I am lucky to have read many academic journals and books on gender  studies to realize this author is laying FALSE claims ! Readers, don't get  CHEATED!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Everyone from Cher herself, all writes and the produce team have created a winner.  It is the first new album I have bought in years, after I sampled the music online.  A real sing along with album.  Thank you Cher and team.
B000002OXU|5.0|This album was one of the first I ever bought, and I have bought it many times over the years. The lyrics bring to mind real feelings, emotions and situations. Who's Next is one of those albums that speak to the inner soul.  Sometimes when I need to recharge I will put this album on and let my mind  go. Listening to this album never fails to make me feel better. This album,  as well as other Who albums, are/is great therapy for the mind. This album  is one of those albums where it is hard to pick a favorite song because all  of the songs are great. I never put it on to hear just one song, I put it  on to hear the whole album. Truly one of the best albums of all time.
B0000028RR|5.0|WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BEST CD OF THE 90'S..HANDS DOWN!!ANYONE WHO LIKES HARD ROCK, BUY IT IF U DON'T LIKE IT AND WANT YOUR MONEY BACK......THEN U DON'T REALLY LIKE HARD ROCK....GO LISTEN TO HOOTIE!!!!!I CAN'T WAIT FOR THEIR  NEXT ALBUMN AFTER EVIL EMPIRE(ALSO A MUST HAVE)..WAKE UP!!!!!
B00000I8UD|4.0|Having waited a zillion years for this latest Sylvian solo album, I think I was expecting some kind of masterpiece. I don't think I'm alone in this, as all the other reviews on this page are from die-hard Sylvian fans like  myself. Yes, he's a genius pop star, but there are some disappointing  moments on this album. &quot;I Surrender&quot; is borderline pop cheez. I  love Marc Ribot, but what the hell is he doing playing like George Benson?  He's used much better as a junk-yard guitarist a la Tom Waits, like on  &quot;Midnight Sun.&quot; I would love to hear more Bill Frisell with  Sylvian, as &quot;Dobro #1&quot; is gorgeous but too short.  &quot;Wanderlust&quot; is simply one of the best Sylvian tunes I've heard.  But I must say that I miss some of his more creative musings, like the  experimental treatments used on songs like &quot;Gone to Earth.&quot; Nice  job, David. Please don't make us wait 10 years for the next one!
B000003S5H|5.0|This CD is probably the best I've ever spent my money on.  The one thing I'd say though, is it's not really dance or techno or house or anything, it's softer than that, but it's the most beautiful, wonderful, awesome CD  I've ever owned by far!  You really should buy it, I can guarantee you  won't regret it.  If you want to ask me anything about, feel free to email  me!
0671015206|5.0|This is a concise book that describes the way millionares are. Frugality, work and no Mercedes Benzes are the secrets to richness.
B000002UAR|5.0|In my opinion, the best of the Beatles and one of the top 5 best albums of all time.
B00000ICD9|5.0|There are so many scenes in this movie that say so much.  When I first realized that the characters taking Robin Williams through the mindscape were his children, it all hit home with am emotional whallop that I will  never forget.  There is a strong message here, not only of the wrongness of  suicide, but of the infinite possibilities open to us if we decide to look  for them.
B000002I27|5.0|Is there really a need to review this album? Any album with Doors music on it is worth purchasing. But while I'm at it, I'll write a short review.<br />Strange Days was, of course, the follow-up to The Doors' stellar  debut album. Slightly more poetic than its predecessor, Strange Days is no  less genius. The album contains several hit singles (Love Me Two Times,  People Are Strange), but is most beautiful when percieved as a whole. Sit  back and listen to The Doors as they change rock forever and influence  millions.
6302814782|2.0|A movie which could really have been a philosophical, meditative masterpiece such as Schumacher's later Flatliners, but instead turned out to be a cheezy, obvious tale with some pathetic plot &quot;twists,&quot;  The Lost Boys is perhaps one of the most unfortunate films ever created.  For some reason, the creators took a paradoxical approach of telling a  moderately comical story about some vampires but ended up creating a  crumbling mess of cloying cuteness through which one may catch glimpses of  what grandeur they could have achieved had they put more depth into it and  turned it into a parable about generational decay and its relation to the  supernatural evil. As it stands, even the reason for the existence of all  those &quot;damn vampires&quot; is unclear, because their commander lacks  any depth whatsoever and appears in two or so scenes - first, to serve as a  comic relief, then simply to get killed. The haunting symbolism of  roller-coasters and bizarre special effects hint at the moral depravity of  the &quot;lost souls&quot; of the generation - all in vain. From the  beginning credits to the final &quot;humorous remark&quot; of the main  characters' grandfather, The Lost Boys is a shameful failure.
B000002I2G|5.0|This album is wonderful. I love every song on it. The Soft Parade is also my favorite song by The Doors. Any Doors fan must own this album.
6300184080|5.0|The courage this kid has growing up with this hideous deformity, and how his character is such that he's able to overcome it, I was overwhelmed.  This is a great film to watch if you're ever feeling sorry for yourself  about something trivial.  You'll realize just how blessed you actually are.   The funny thing is, as this movie progressed, the less I even noticed the  kid's deformity --- I'd grown to like and respect him that much!  This was  a wonderful, very moving film!
B000002V1D|5.0|After a few unheralded releases around the turn of the decade, Duran Duran needed to come through with a 'big thing'. The 'liberty' they sought after was found in this 1993 release. &quot;Too Much Information&quot; is a  surprisingly energetic slam on the media. &quot;Oridnary World&quot; and  &quot;Come Undone&quot; are near-perfect pop/rock ballads that still get  airplay in 1999. &quot;Love Voodoo&quot; and &quot;UMF&quot; are addicting  and seductive. The token dance song, &quot;Drowning Man&quot;, is a  well-placed interest keeper with a great one-minute intro. You would have  hoped that after &quot;Femme Fatale&quot;, the band would give up on  covers, but they put out a whole CD of them. &quot;Breath After  Breath&quot; is quite a piece of work, with the Portugeuse rhythms and  background lyrics. It is easily one of the best tracks on the CD and all  that's missing is some exotic video to complement it. The first 8 tracks  are so good, that &quot;None of the Above&quot;, &quot;Shelter&quot;,  &quot;Sin of the City&quot; and another slam, &quot;To Whom It May  Concern&quot; seem like filler, but they are all decent tracks. This is  arguably Duran Duran's best quality work, and it revived the band's  careers.
6305076650|1.0|I realize that a lot of people literally WORSHIP this movie, seeing it again &amp; again &amp; again, ad nauseum.  I've TRIED very hard to see what it is about this film that's so incredibly awesome, but I can't find  ANYTHING I like about it!  The oft-quoted dialogue is inane, the songs are  weak, and the characters are a collection of gothic flakes that only other  gothic flakes could identify with.  I've been in a theater with a large  number of Rocky Horror devotees, and it was a weird experience --- this one  guy sitting on the floor near me kept saying &quot;jokes&quot; throughout  the film --- and NOT A SINGLE ONE WAS EVEN THE REMOTEST BIT AMUSING --- not  even the other devotees were laughing!  But it didn't bother him in the  least, as he kept up his almost prepared list of humorless banter.   Eventually I walked out in disgust.  It's an experience I don't want to  re-live.
B00000B93L|4.0|Big Thing is the transition between Notorious and the 90's version of Duran Duran. Elements from both are meshed nicely on this underappreciated CD. The title track, is catchy, yet droning tune about promoting a new  music release. &quot;I Don't Want Your Love&quot; and &quot;All She Wants  Is&quot; are to this day, addicting, energetic Duran Duran classics.  &quot;Too Late Marlene&quot; and &quot;Do You Believe In Shame&quot; are  slow, rhythmic and spooky beauts. &quot;Drug&quot;, like 1990's &quot;All  Along The Water&quot; and 1993's &quot;Drowning Man&quot; is the token  overkill dance tune. &quot;Palomino&quot;, &quot;Land&quot; and &quot;The  Edge Of America&quot;, all have some merit and good lyrics, but have no  pulse at all, so be ready for that. They threw the listeners a curve with  the interludes in between the ballads, but I found them refreshing twists  to wake up a lull on the CD. They wake the listeners up with the final  track, a hard-driving guitar-driven instrumental titled &quot;Lake Shore  Driving&quot;, which could have belonged in a Miami Vice episode. Though  not perfect, Big Thing is a fine stepping stone between the old Duran Duran  to the new Duran Duran.
6304082428|5.0|I've seen all three cinematic portrayals of this book (assuming there are only three), and this is my favorite.  It's a lot more faithful to the book than the Greer Garson Hollywood version, and I also found it superior to  the late 70's PBS production (although the PBS version had better casting  in certain roles --- their Jane and Elizabeth were more attractive, I  thought).  Still, this latest production was excellent, worth watching  repeatedly!
B000002JSJ|5.0|And I could have only one album, well you guessed it, I'd take this one. Physical G. would be a close second. This album has heart, soul and intensity. I have enjoyed this album for about 18 years now and I still  can't get enough. It is unlike anything I have ever heard. Masterful in  every way. If you are a Zep fan and don't have this one in your collection,  you are missing a truely unique experience.
B000002UZU|5.0|When this was first released I bought a copy. I was just a young teen and didn't appreciate what I had purchased. Now, I  have this on cd and am listening again and realize what a gem it truely is. I was always a Canned  Heat fan, still am, but not of this album. Now I love it. Pure, delta  blues. JLH with his foot stompin' boogie blues and the canned Heat adding a  restrained backing (mostly on disk two) create a classic for all times. Al  &quot;Blind Owl&quot; Wilson truly shines. He is even praised on tape by  Hooker. What could he have accomplished if his life had not been so  tragicaly short!? If you like well done blues, if you like JLH, if you like  Canned Heat, get this cd without delay.
B00000ICD9|5.0|For those of you familiar with the works of William Blake, the film will probably strike you in the same vein. You will either be extremely moved by it, or you will cast it off as being the rubbishy thoughts of someone  else.<br />Personally, it was one of the only films I have ever wanted to own.
B000002JOF|3.0|Chris Rea is, indeed, a sad case.  Comparisons to Mark Knopfler are most appropriate.  Rea, like Knopfler (who plays a similar style without the slide), is an incredible guitarist, a good singer with a voice that defines  &quot;cool,&quot; and a solid song-writer.  Unfortunately, he also has a  tendancy to fall into the same pit as Dire Straits.  He spends too much  time adding unnecessary layers of instruments to the background,  particularly keyboards and synthesizers, that end up detracting from the  songs and guitar work.  Even Max Middleton, who worked so well on Jeff  Beck's &quot;Wired&quot; and &quot;Blow by Blow&quot; couldn't make  keyboards work here.  That alone is the reason that I cannot listen to  either Rea or Dire Straits.  The title track on this album is a marvelous  piece of work, or rather, it would be if Rea had just used a guitar, bass  and perhaps sparingly a 3-piece drum kit (although the lead-in sound  effects are interesting), and the album is worth owning for that alone, but  the keyboards and over-produced sound reak of 70's and 80's pop.  If that  sort of thing doesn't bother you, then you'll rate this as a 5 star album,  but if you're looking a mellow combination of rock, blues and jazz with  keyboards that don't detract from the music, just go back to mid-70's Pink  Floyd (Wish You Were Here and Animals in particular).
0679805273|5.0|We have been giving this as graduation gifts to all since our son (he got one) graduated from HS.<br />Everyone that we have given it to says that it is their favorite graduation gift.<br />We also gave one to our oldest son and  his wife when they moved to England because it is very appropriate for  someone starting out in a new place or career.
B00000IQMT|5.0|After seeing Episode I twice in the theater on opening day I couldn't help but rush out and buy this amazing soundtrack.  I am a long time lover of John Williams's work and am never let down by his ability to weave amazing  composing into a story.  Anyone who thinks a sing-along soundtrack would be  better is crazy - soundtracks are made to accompany films and nobody does  it better than John Williams!
0790736039|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST HORROR FILMS I HAVE SEEN ESPECIALLY TIM CURRY HE IS A GREAT ACTOR AND THE PLOT HAD MORE TWISTS IN IT THAN A CORKSCREW THE ACTING WAS GREAT AS WAS THE EFFECTS IT DIDNT HAVE MANY BUT THE ONES IT HAD  WERE COOL THE SPIDER THE SILVER EXCELLENT!!!!!!!<br />P.S NOT AS GOOD AS  HALLOWEEN OR FREDDY!!!
B000002USP|5.0|I have all the albums now and I must say this one is so good, that I could hardly wait to get home from work and play it again. You want to learn all the words and sing along - The moving melodies are incredable.  I really  Love these Guys.
630522577X|5.0|&quot;My Fair Lady&quot; is a great movie with a great cast. Mrs. Hepburn is simply wonderful - pay attention to the races scene - her acting is quite perfect - voice, eyes, expression - everything in such a harmony.  WOW! A must is also the care in the restauration of the original movie  (there is a documentary about it). Good job guys! I deeply recommend it ...
B000002L82|5.0|Easily one of the best albums in my entire collection (over 500) and one of a handful of masterpieces from the 80's. Diversity is the key here. Songs veer towards dance on songs like Blue Monday and then careen to the  more guitar oriented Joy Division sound in songs like Leave Me Alone. Words  cannot do justice to this album. If you are a music lover and appreciate  the development of 80's electronica, pick this album up and savor its  melodic genius.
B00000I11T|5.0|with the destruction of sinead by the boy radio and music industry, we only have alanis to voice the rage we all feel and to sing that primordial scream that guys get to relate to in all their rock/alternative bands.  if  you're fed up with constructed, oppressed little girl voices, and boy-coy  postering, buy alanis for an empowering experience
B000002L9M|4.0|The album as a whole is good, but inconsistent. However, there are 3 songs that make this a must have in any serious music lovers collection. Black Celebration and Flies on the Windscreen are gorgeous, moody songs which  perfectly capture ennui and melancholia leading to depression. Stripped is  a viable candidate for best song of all time (and I have over 500 CD's in  my collection covering every conceivable genre to compare it with). To put  it simply, you havent lived until you've heard this song; your life will  never be the same again after you hear it.
B00000IQMT|4.0|call me spoiled, but i guess i was pampered too much by the special edition releases of the scores to the original three movies.  i was hoping this cd would have the complete score, in the sequence it appears in the  movie and the extensive liner notes the other soundtracks feature.  instead  this  soundtrack features edited segments of the soundtrack in a somewhat  arbitrary order, and not all my favorite segments are represented.<br />on the  other hand, don't get me wrong, the music that IS on this cd is excellent.  i think john williams accomplished an amazing feat in creating a soundtrack  that is new and fresh, yet contains subtle reminders and hints of his work  from 20 years ago.  as has been said before, duel of the fates is one of  the most dramatic and compelling pieces of action music ever written for  film.  and there are also some really great moments where synthesizers are  used to great effect to enhance the mood of the orchestra (just like in  empire and jedi).  a great cd, but i wish it had the WHOLE score in  sequence with the great liner notes of the special edition soundtracks.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is Radiohead at their best, listen to the samples... (no Karma Police sample...grrrrr)<br />Great Great Great music,,, I can spend (and have) spent hours listening to the whole album on repeat, and listening to it over and  over 3-4 times.  It is just great music, and as always with Radiohead,  there is somthing for everyone in here... BOTTOM LINE::: GET IT NOW!!!
0380973464|1.0|This will probably win all the major sf awards next year but only because of SNOW CRASH and THE DIAMOND AGE. This book needed an editor BADLY. It's hugely over-written; so much so that characters and plot threads disappear;  some drop out altogether. However, it seems that in our culture Bigger is  Better and this book has everything in it including the kitchen sink. And  one final remark: this is NOT science fiction: it's a mainstream book  written like a science fiction novel but it lacks inventiveness, pizzazz,  and a considerable amount of joy. I would also add: modesty. Read something  else ...
B000002UR7|5.0|Get this Album, if you are sick of the present mainstream hip hop shananigans, this is the band you have been looking for.  Just great music... this album, as well as there others (The bends, Ok computer) have  something for everyone.  Just get it, you wont regret it.
B00000IQMT|3.0|I purchased this album before seeing the film, hoping to find more of the rich elements that went into the grand scores of the original trilogy.  Unfortunately, they're not here, and the score does not resemble any of  Williams' other recent popular works.  The score works well in the film,  aside from things like when the Emperor's theme is played, the character  onscreen is not yet even approaching the evil that Ian McDiarmid (sp?)  originally gave the Emperor.  I did not like the celebration music, perhaps  because &quot;Meesa no likem&quot; Jar Jar Binks and his fellow CGI  creatures.<br />My only real complaint:  Why did Sony find it necessary to  give away important plot points in the track titles?!?  I wasn't even  trying to read the list, and the titles of #15 and 16 jumped out at me!   The designers should have given vague titles to these tracks or something!   This was before I saw the film, and it really upset me that they did  this.<br />Overall not a very listenable album, but a must-have for Star Wars  fans nonetheless.  And the Duel of the Fates is great, even though Darth  Maul did not live up to this music or my expectations.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is a Great album,,, all the songs are great, something for everyone,,, for the easy listener, you've got songs like Sulk, nice dream etc. and the popular &quot;fake plastic trees&quot; and for the rock and  roller inside you, you've got The bends, Just, My iron lung etc.  Get it ,  and I assure you, this Album will make you a Radiohead fanatic!!!  It did  for me!!!
0792151712|1.0|All I have to say about TITANIC is that it is too long, plus KATE WINSLET AND LEONARDO DICAPRIO are definatley miscast for thier roles which roles they play I wont say just watch and see. Also I felt that this movie didn't  focus on the real people on the ship I believe if it had it would've been a  lot better so all I have to say is skip TITANIC. And to JAMES CAMERON all I  have to say is STAR WARS THE PHANTOM MEANACE period!!!
0375707972|5.0|I was alternatively gripped, shocked, bored and then deeply troubled by the ethical tensions throughout. <br />I felt the ending was most unsettling.<br />Can a war criminal be made sympathetic without for one moment  lessening the crime. Yes? <br />Can the fact that we confront evil in others  make our own actions less subject to judgement. No?<br />Does this make a  powerful novel. Yes?<br />Will timid readers be offended by the story line?  Yes.<br />Is it worth reading the READER. It is what reading is all about.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis Morrissete's first cd is really great. It contains all really great songs. It's only too bad her music fell apart on her second album. Buy this one instead.
B000009QPG|5.0|Killer drums, killer music. Have you ever danced with the devil, has temptation ever swallowed you?
1567405568|5.0|Reading the reviews of this book makes me sick. Goodkind is an excellent author. His novels are extremely well-written, his characters pull you in and make you a part of the novel. He may very well have borrowed from other  authors...but then, we all do. However, I have to take offense at the  &quot;the only people who like this trash are teenagers&quot; comment.  Violence, sex, and intruige have long been a successful formula, and  because he pulls it off with a plot and likeable characters the Jordan fans  are going ballistic. Grow up, adults. You say teenagers are immature.
B0000024T3|5.0|I don't have many of Streisand's albums because I have only recently become a fan, however I have been collecting as quickly as possible. This is my favorite so far. MARTINA is heart-breaking, FREE AGAIN is also, and  Barbra adds great poignancy to the French songs, even though I don't know  what the lyrics mean I have a general ideal because of her brilliance as an  actress.
0792110188|4.0|James Caan can't sing like Ricky Nelson, and Arthur Hunnicutt isn't as amusing as Walter Brennan, but Howard Hawks' rehash of his own classic  &quot;Rio Bravo&quot; is almost as entertaining, though not likely to  challenge the earlier film's classic status.  John Wayne is his usual self  as a gunfighter, and Robert Mitchum, stepping in for Dean Martin as the  drunken sheriff, doesn't earn the viewer's sympathy quite as much as ol'  Dino did, but the script (by Leigh Brackett who also worked on the earlier  film) is probably to blame there.  All in all, a very pleasant way to spend  two hours.
0792837983|5.0|The first one with James Mason was good, but I  thought Adrien Lyn's version was a little better.  The movie is dark though and the characters (with the exeption of Melanie Griffith) manipulative and very unlikable.  I  suppose this is what they are meant to portray though and they (Irons and  Swain) do it well.
0451191153|5.0|A Wonderful reading experience
0767811046|1.0|Oh that's just great!  Real smooth!  Thanks to some television mini-series we've seen Doogie the pyromaniac.  We've seen Doogie the wicked French King.  Now thanks to this flick We've seen Doogie the nazi.  Hey,  Verhoeven!  Where's his buddy Vinny?
B00000IQMT|5.0|I have not seen the movie yet. But I have heard the score, and for Duel of the Fates alone,it was worth the money. Anakin's theme, is a haunting melody that tells something of what this child's life must be like even  before we come to know him. Mr. Williams had a lot to live up to and he  did.  Actually I think the 16 year wait did him some good.  He was  masterful as a composer before, but if i can be so bold as to say this, I  think this score shows maturity.  Whether it is maturity from additional  years, or maturity from having learned more about the Star Wars universe, I  can't tell, but it's there, for all to here.  Definitely add this one to  your collections!
6301969294|3.0|Ayn Rand not only wrote the screenplay for this film based on her classic novel, she was, according to most reports, in favor of casting Gary Cooper  as her architect hero Howard Roark.  That proved to be a mistake.  Not only  is Cooper too &quot;mature&quot; for the role, he lacks the necessary  passion to deliver Rand's philisophical speeches with conviction.  Despite  this misstep, &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is a pretty faithful summary (as  opposed to adaptation) of the legendary novel, and though it is far from  perfect, the fact that Warner Bros. would even undertake such a radical  project shows that the movie moguls of the past (such as Jack L. Warner)  had a lot more vision and courage than the folks running the show in  Hollywood today.  The rest of the cast is quite good, and King Vidor's  direction is masterful.  The camera angles, the cinematography, and set  design are all splendidly offbeat, making this film worthwhile for its  visual qualities alone.
0679731369|5.0|This is one of my favorite novels of the past twenty-five years.  It is also one that will delight you even before you realize what is really going on in it.<br /><br />The novel starts off more as a quirky biography of the novelist Gustave Flaubert.  The narrator appears as a scholar concerned to find the original parrot that Flaubert used in writing his masterpiece \\"A Simple Heart,\\" a story in which a peasant woman believes that the Holy Spirit should be imagined not as a dove but as a parrot, since parrots possess the gift of speech.  The story ends as beautifully as any ever written, with the woman on her death bed sensing the presence of the God in the form of a giant parrot hovering over her.<br /><br />As I indicated, much of the novel functions as a wonderful introduction to Flaubert, both his wonderfully quirky life and his equally inventive literature.  In fact, for my friends who have read or are reading MADAME BOVARY, I always recommend this to them in the strongest possible terms.  More than any other book I know in English, this will make you want to read Flaubert if you haven't already and if you have it will make you want to read him again.  The specific task the narrator has set himself, however, is to find which of the stuffed parrots in the museum near where Flaubert lived was the actual one that Flaubert borrowed while writing his short story.  The novel becomes a bit of a mystery novel as he attempts to deal with the contradictory claims made for various birds and the many assurances amid so much confusion.<br /><br />But in the end this isn't what the novel is really about.  I don't want to spoil the novel's great twist by explaining what it really is about, but I will say that it is similar to the twist near the end of D. M. Thomas's wonderful THE WHITE HOTEL:  what you think the novel is about turns out to be something else instead.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this novel strongly enough.  It is a brilliantly conceived book and entertaining on several levels.  And on top of everything else you'll get a nice introduction to Flaubert, if not his parrot.top of everything else you'll get a nice introduction to Flaubert, if not his parrot.
6300251616|5.0|Good Sci Fi comedy has always been hard to accomplish succesfully, but this Video manages to do it. My copy of the video was not as good quatlity as I would have liked, but the Film is a classic and a must see for all  serious Sci Fi Fans.
B000001Y42|1.0|what is this.a friend of mine told me that these guys are rapcore.so i decided to listen to the cd.IT IS ANYTHING BUT RAPCORE.to me rapcore is supposed to be real hard.this cd is cheesy.the guitars are real quite  compared to other bands ive heard.they dont get real hard that much.i like  rapcore to be really hard and this cd is not.plus the vocals make me roll  on the floor laughing.hanson could be better rappers.this guys vocals sound  like something from the 80's.kinda like vannila ice.these guys should  change theyre name to &quot;lame bizkit&quot; if you wanna know some cool  rap-core bands go to the amazon search and type in project 86  ,blindside,p.o.d.
0670881791|1.0|I especially wanted to read this book because of where it allegedly took place and because the subject sounded so enticing. It wasn't. The word 'gently' was overused to a degree that by page 200, it became a dead word.  I'd like to be able to recommend it but I can't
0671015206|5.0|This is an excellent book. It's simple premise &quot;get rich by spending less than you make and then investing it wisely&quot; may seem like common sense.  But it's not nearly as common as it needs to be. It's NOT a book  recommending being miserly. It is a book about not buying a bunch of junk  that you don't really need, or even want, just because you think it's  expected of someone &quot;in your position&quot;. Don't let possessions own  you. It also has an EXCELLENT discussion of how second generation spoiled  rich kids get the way they are.
B000002AV5|5.0|Is there a contemporary female singer/songwriter as respected or self-respecting as Sade?  Doubtful, for a number of reasons, all of which come through on this great &quot;best of&quot; album.  Not only does the  record prove how successful Sade and her talented band have been in writing  and producing timeless and soulful songs (extremely rare in today's  hit-hungry and impatient music industry), it also reveals the style, grace  and professionalism of the group for having avoided the spotlight to let  the music speak for itself.  And how it can speak.  Hearing these songs,  it's hard to think of a female performer who embodies as much style, grace,  vulnerability, and sophistication as Sade does.  Perfect muse for the  modern metropolitan landscape, she seems to be from another time in her  manner and desire for men of means and maturity.  Moreover, there has never  been a hint of &quot;sell out&quot; in her music or the desire to use it as  a catapult to multi-media stardom.  In fact, it's hard to imagine Sade  without her band or the music, since she seems to have taken strides never  be greater than any of the two.  This behavior, more fitting for a jazz  artist than one from the pop arena, is for me the base of her appeal and  what keeps me listening. Indeed, one can hear in this record that it has  always been about the music only.  This will be her legacy, and her  attraction, in the years and decades ahead.
B000002KBH|5.0|This is perhaps one of the greatest songs ever written by a mere mortal. You will find very few comments on it. More than likely most people find it too seriously contemplating death, the finality of their existance. I ain't  no intellectual. This song defines life, and illustrates what Hesse tried  to convey in his greatest work.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I am glad that Fox is releasing the directors cut on DVD. I have rented the Laser Disk version twice. It was a very limited edition. The video store where I rented it wont sell it to me! The added footage explores  Ripleys motherhood. She is sad about losing her daughter and we feel a  strong bond with her and the child Newt. This ties in with the Alien queen  too - the strong bond of a mother protecting her young.
6304708483|1.0|Of all the billions, I am shocked that they have made no effort to provide subtitles.
6305350205|3.0|Okay, okay.  So this film took a nosebleed at the box office, but let's not forget it was released in the summer (June 9) during the reign of &quot;Batman.&quot;  No &quot;Next Generation&quot; film has dared to go up  against the summer blockbuster heavy hitters, but instead Paramount chose  winter releases for each film after &quot;V.&quot;  The silly Klingon  subplot, the ridiculous &quot;broken&quot; Enterprise and the  over-abundance of ill-placed humor do detract.  Shatner ran out of $ to  film the gargoyle infested battle scenes in the original script, so we  certainly feel like something's missing from the ending.  So what's to  like?  Plenty actually.  The actors and characters have never seemed so  comfortable with one another. And the insights to the &quot;big three&quot;  are emotionally well done.  The Yosemite scenes are particularly warm and  allow us to sit down with some old friends and have a laugh.  This is  certainly no &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; or &quot;First Contact,&quot; but  it's no &quot;Motion Picture&quot; or &quot;Insurrection&quot; either.   Afterall, it's almost worth watching just to hear Kirk ask, &quot;I have a  question....what does God need with a starship?&quot;
6305350205|5.0|Aside from a bit of an odd story line, and a somewhat limp ending whenever I set back with a cool beverage, and spend an evening watching STARTREK 5 I am carried away on a sea of whimsical rapture that only startrek can  provide. This movie as a Wonderfull atmosphere. Bill Shatner did the best  he could with what he had. What if there was no Startrek 5? In summary: God  bless Bill Shatner.
630446651X|5.0|I've seen this film at least twenty times, the first time being when I was a kidling. Now that I'm old and dusty I laugh even harder. Mel Brooks has ripped John Candy, Rick Moranis, Bill Pullman, and himself out of the realm  of mediocre comedy (that means all other films ever ever ever!) to make  something that transcends humor. More than just &quot;slapstick  parody&quot; (ahem).
6304708521|1.0|Of all the billions, I am shocked that they have made no effort to provide subtitles.
B000002WYT|5.0|i admit, i was turned onto this band several years ago by an old boyfriend teaching himself to play &quot;crash into me&quot; on his guitar and me asking &quot;WHAT are you trying to play?&quot; the relationship is long  since over, but my fixation with dave matthews band is an ongoing part of  my life. they are, without a doubt, my favorite band, and i consider this  to be their best cd. &quot;under the table and dreaming&quot; is also  incredible, and so are their live albums and their newest studio recording,  but this cd tops them all. it has a song for every feeling or activity in  the book... &quot;too much&quot; is perfect for beer drinking and dancing  at a party, &quot;two step&quot; is perfect to dance around your room naked  to, &quot;crash&quot; is perfect to get some action to, &quot;lie in our  graves&quot; is perfect for driving to go snowboarding on a beautiful,  blue-sky powder day (and the jam in the middle of that song is so melodic  and happy... i love it). &quot;say goodbye&quot; and &quot;two step&quot;  are the two best tracks, but there are many gems on this album. i've seen  this band 4 times in concert and i cannot say that there is anyone else i'd  rather see more. BUY THIS CD!!!
B000002JSN|5.0|I have this CD for 15 years already. I went thru art-rock, psychodelia, jazz, fusion, avanguard, electronics since that but this recording it still fresh and still warms me up :). Whoever dares comparing Led Zeppelin to  Deep Purple (rubbish!) or any other band just wastes  time. LZP is  something beyond comparison, something beyond boundaries.
B000003BDJ|5.0|This is the one that got me hooked on the Rolling Stones. All the big ones are included here, and they still sound great even now. My faves are &quot;(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction&quot;, &quot;Paint It Black,&quot;  &quot;Brown Sugar&quot;, &quot;Honky Tonk Women&quot;, and &quot;19th  Nervous Breakdown&quot;. This package is definitely a must-have. No  collection is complete without it. Also essential is &quot;More Hot  Rocks&quot; and &quot;The Singles Collection&quot; box set. Thank you  Rolling Stones for many years of great music.
078322706X|5.0|The story was very good.  I really enjoyed the way that Brad Pitt and Anthnoy Hopkins played off each other.  The girl was very good.
B000002JR8|5.0|After hearing this CD my speakers certainly were.  Pantera's most consistant effort to date.  All songs annihilate the listener.  Use my third arm is by far Pantera's best song.  This album will punish you.  There is no substitute.
0553573403|3.0|This one came highly recommended to me, but I found I had to force myself to finish it.  It was much too brutal for my taste, what with all the rapes, beheadings and slayings.  Not to mention the rather misogynistic way  the female characters are portrayed.  But then most of the main characters  in this fantastic-history are hostile, devious and unlikeable, giving the  reader little to hang onto that is appealing.  A couple of the characters  were wonderfully written, Tyrion and Jon Snow, and it was for their plot  threads that I even finished this heavy-handed story.  It's too bad, as  many of the place descriptions are wonderful, coming from an obviously  talented writer.  Just too grim for my liking.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Good effort, great album.  More sophisticated than their previous efforts (although not as good as Powerslave)and better produced than most Maiden.  Can I play with madness? is the best track on the album. Other standouts  include Infinite Dreams, the evil that men do, and Seventh son of a seventh  son.  This is the last truly great Maiden album.
B000002UB3|5.0|On this album the Beatles all write well (including George and Ringo's best songs), play well (love the guitars in &quot;The End,&quot; the spare use of the moog synthesizer, the solid drum fills throughout...) and get  produced mighty well so that it all sounds slick as oil. Oh, how they make  these discarded melodic bits fit together with that medley. It's just so  damn fecund. The Beatles don't owe us a thing - they gave us more than we  callous fans deserve. What joy!
B000001ESJ|5.0|This album is flawless, every song is perfection.  Cygnus X-1 is Rush's greatest hour, only on the subsequent Hemispheres album would they top themselves.  A Farewell to Kings as a song is a classic as is the concert  standard Closer to the Heart.  Xanadu remains one of Rush's strongest  efforts to this day, while Cinderella man is another hidden gem that the  legions of Rush diehards continue to cherish.  This is Rush's third best  album behind Moving Pictures and Hemispheres but it is a must have for any  true Rush fan.
B000002UAX|5.0|To the classical musical fan from Portland: Rock music survives largely because it is simple, and therefore accessible to a great many people. Trite? Not the Beatles. You may be confusing their love for parodying corny  American styles with a more serious tone. Perhaps you might enjoy the  fecund medley of &quot;Abbey Road&quot; instead? To the fan &quot;B-side  himself&quot; in Boston: You may have felt nauseous after listening to the  whole thing because it is a huge, long, draining experience. Beatles fans  love this album because there is so much material here, and if you take it  one song at a time over several days these songs might grow on you.  &quot;Long Long Long,&quot; which you mention, may seem lost in the shuffle  of the whole, but really it's a lovely melody. &quot;Good Night&quot; is  both facetious and charming after this slew of rockers and experimental  tape loops - and again, that memorable melody. Could anybody else put out  this many good songs in one year? Smashing Pumpkins? No, no...they need to  learn how to sing and get over themselves and have some fun.
B000001ESF|4.0|2112 is every true Rush fans dream come true. The extended title suite illustrates Rush's ability to paint a picture with music.  Lee's banshee vocals are clearly in top form on Temples of Syrinx, and his bass licks are  even better.  Lifeson's gives his most consistant performance, while  Peart's drumming is simply astonishing.  Something for Nothing is a hidden  gem that only the most ardent Rush fans will cherish.  However, there are  flaws such as Tears, which is terrible and is the only reason this album  doesn't deserve 5 stars.  Overall this album ranks among Rush's best.
0375707972|1.0|Reviews summarizing The Reader made it sound like a good book, but I had to stop less than half way through because it was so uninteresting.  Nothing in the development of the characters made me want to find out  anything more about them. The &quot;story&quot; has great potential but  needs a writer who can make it happen.  Another &quot;best seller&quot;  that isn't any good.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album should have been called REVELATIONS.  The songs on this album are so good that they get better with repeat listens, which is the sign of any truly great album.  Eulogy is the best track on the album, and it's  complexity is matched only by it's emotion.  I am careful not to say that  this album was dedicated to the late Bill Hicks because Maynard has made it  clear that this was not Tool's intention.  Nonetheless, tracks such as  Stinkfist and the title track only serve to solidify Tool's already rock  solid place in modern metal.  PS: if you are into comedy cd's even in the  least buy Rant in E-Minor from Bill Hicks it is without a doubt the best  comedy cd I have ever heard.  I predict Tool will outlast all of these  so-called metal bands like Korn, Limp Bizkit(did somebody say SELL OUTS?)  because Tool has one very important ally on their side, Intelligence
B000002BYD|5.0|Yield proved another time that PJ's is the best group I never seen. In Yield, I like all the songs. I think that brain of J, given to fly, Do the evolution and In hiding are the best track of the album. I'm waiting for  the next album of PJ's.
6305399212|5.0|Aliens is the best of the series..... James Cameron uses his talents well in the casting and the special effects of this film.... To truly understand his vision you really need to see the uncut version.... Like the Abyss, and  T-2 there is too much lost information that is important to the story.  Cameron should not mess with perfection, and release his pictures uncut  from the start..... I can't waiot to see the uncut Titanic!!
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson is once again showing his chops. The comparisons to Dickens (even absent the cutesy intentional anachronistic neo-Victorian touches of The Diamond Age) are becoming almost cliche but ring true.<br />Considering  the challenges of a 900+ page book (cf. Infinite Jest, the Otherland  series), the fact it takes place in two intertwined time-lines, throw in  the present tense, multiple POVs, use of historically real characters  (Turing, Reagan...), scientifically valid yet readable expositions of  cryptography, van Eck phreaking, and the Riemannian zeta function -- you  got to give the guy credit for hanging it all together pretty darn  well.<br />I usually rush through books in a single sitting, but this one I'm  savoring as I go (so I'm really only reviewing the first 400 pages - a  normal book!) It's got a lot to chew on and is *amazingly* stimulating.
B00000IQC8|4.0|yes it's rude and low budget but that's what we like about it.  if you find foul language offensive stay away...although that's about all you may find offensive since there's no nudity and almost no violence here. made on  a shoestring budget this film highlights the escapades of some NJ clerks  and the clients they so grudgingly serve.
0684867621|5.0|Great book without all the gore he usually writes.  I'm having my 12 year old daughter read it for the sheer survival aspects!
B00000I3JM|5.0|I'll say it again.  This is the best album of all time, period
B00000IQMT|5.0|I have to hand it to him, John Williams is simply the man.  Not only is his score the &quot;Star Wars: Episode I--The Phantom Menace&quot; a classic, he managed to create a completely new musical universe for the  film.  The only two throwbacks to the previous trilogy are the Emperor's  Theme from &quot;The Return of the Jedi&quot; and the overtones of  &quot;The Imperial March&quot; in &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot;.  Of course,  the masterpiece of the soundtrack is &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;, which I  believe is one of the coolest movies themes I've ever heard.  If you don't  have this in your collection, get it there immediately!
B000002UAU|5.0|I know it's a predictable thing to say about this album but it really is the best rock record ever made, in my opinion.  This is THE masterpiece that the Beatles made and it still sounds awesome in the late 1990s, over  thirty years on from its original release in 1967. I have heard this album  from start to finish more times than I care to estimate (although it's  probably over 1,000 times) and in 1987 I had to replace my very worn  original copy with the remastered UK vinyl issue.  I have heard the  much-vaunted CD reissue, which came out around the same time, and I wasn't  impressed.  I think one of the factors that makes this album so enjoyable  is flipping it over for Side 2!  Having said that, it's still a captivating  listen from beginning to end.  This really is one of those albums that you  absolutely MUST listen to in its entirety to appreciate.  There have been  occasions when this album has been over-hyped but it's not hard to  understand why.  It must have stunned listeners back in 1967 and it still  stands up today - a testament to the quality songwriting skills of the  Beatles and the brilliant, creative production by George Martin.   Considering this LP is basically a 4-track analogue tape recording, the  quality of this album is stunning.  The songs are totally mesmerising and  the whole album flows beautifully from one song to the next.  For me the  best song without any doubt is the closing track, &quot;A Day In The  Life&quot;.  This is an awesome climax to an awesome album.  All the songs  on this record are superb, although the only one I'm not so sure about is  George Harrison's contribution (&quot;Within You Without You&quot;).  This  does not prevent me from giving it a 5-star rating though.  If you're only  ever going to buy one Beatles album, this should be it.  Along with  &quot;Abbey Road&quot; (their 2nd best album in my view) this is the  Beatles at their peak.  If you don't already own it, buy it.  They'll be  talking about this albumfor many, many years to come!
B000002KOJ|5.0|The selection 'That Song about The Midway' is worth the price of the album alone. the rest is great also including 'Chelsea Morning', 'The Gallery', and 'Both Sides Now'.
B000002UAO|4.0|Released at the end of 1965, this record demonstrates quite clearly the Beatles had become disinterested in their mop-top image and the four weary-looking faces on the front is an obvious indication of that fact.   This music on the album was also a serious departure from their previous  work.  In my opinion, this is the first truly great Beatles album, being a  significantly better record than any they had made before it. However if  you are new to the Beatles music, I wouldn't suggest that this is the first  album you buy (better to spend your money on &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; or  &quot;Abbey Road&quot;).  This album provides a taster of what was to  follow, in particular &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot;.  The  best song on this album has to be the classic &quot;Norwegian Wood (This  Bird Has Flown)&quot;, with its haunting sitar riff, and is a fine example  of a brilliantly simple melody fused with clever lyrics.  Some of the other  highlights are &quot;Drive My Car&quot;, &quot;Girl&quot; and of course  &quot;In My Life&quot;.  The album only gets four stars because I don't  feel it's as complete or as cohesive as some of the albums that followed  it.  I own the 1987 vinyl re-issue (as opposed to the CD) and it sounds  superb.  How the CD version measures up will depend on your own personal  taste but if you already own some of the Beatles' later work this should be  the next album on your list.
B000002V07|5.0|i love this Cd especially the song &quot;Fade Into You&quot; that song is so soothing and it just relaxes the soul!
B000005S0E|4.0|Tricky one, (for me at least): Is this or 'Faith' the greatest Cure album ever? Both are dark (but in very different ways), and both present a view of Robert Smith's mind and soul that is dense, difficult yet fascinating to  explore. 'The Top' is more surreal than 'Faith', more musically diverse,  and it contains perhaps Smith's most obtuse writing. Almost every track is  a gem - from the frenzied hot thrash of 'Give Me It', to the quietly  bizarre 'Piggy in the Mirror' to the psychotic glare of 'Shake Dog Shake',  to the hypnotic title track. 'The Top' consistently surprises, and rewards  repeated listening. If your Cure collection doesn't include 'The Top', you  don't have a Cure collection.
6304167660|5.0|I already gave my review of this movie and i thought it was great. This is a response to someone in New York who goes to school with Natalie Portman. I'm not jealous, but i am envious and i don't think i have been envious of  anyone before. This is pisces31@infinet.com in Eaton, Ohio.
6304711883|5.0|This is a fantastic movie, but scary anything like this could happen.  Imagin being that kid, jeesh.  Freaky.  Absolutely Fantastic movie.<br />-
0451526279|1.0|I am quite confused on how people could like this book. For one it takes forever to get to the point. Plus how could we possibly like Emma. She is so self centered and ignorant. The only two times in which she can somewhat  appeal to us is when she crys and in comparison to Mrs. Elton. This is a  mockery of upper class life of the 19th century and Jane Austen, to my  knowledge, lived a somewhat isolated life. How could she write a book on a  topic which she doesn't know about. This further mocks the upper class  leaving the point of  this book as being entertainment. Why put us through  500 pages of pain. I think Jane Austen was right when she said &quot; no  one but myself will much like [Emma].&quot;
6305165912|5.0|in this movie the coen brothers were able to create multi-dimensional characters out of people who were only in the movie or 1 or 2 minutes. You notice different things every time you watch it. It makes you want to move  to L.A., go bowling, and be the Dude!!
B000006O7C|5.0|I am pleased to say that I have had the honor to hear Jeff's sweet voice singing in my ears. This man is special, he was born with a talent to please the mind. I would by anything with his name upon it. I am a 19 year  old writer, and I have named my latest book &quot;You and I&quot; .
B00000ILBK|4.0|Very good plot, acting, special effects, and humor.  I recommend this movie above MOST  movies on DVD now.  Not as good as Star Trek 2, 3, 4, &amp; 8,  but equal to 6 &amp; 7.  A winner nonetheless!
B00000ILBK|2.0|I just bought the DVD of Star Trek Insurrection. Although technically the move is well done, the scope of the movie is rather small. It plays like an elaborate T.V. episode rather than a monumental movie. I was very  disappointed when I saw it in the movie theater when it came out (saw it on  opening night, and the theater was empty. That wasn't a good sign at all).  After watching it again on DVD I realize the most important thing that is  missing from this move. What's missing is any kind of suspense, or danger.  We really don;t care what is happening to the Baku or Sona. We just kind of  glide along with our heroes until the totally anticlimactic ending. It  seems to be a tv episode posing as a movie.<br />     Anyway, I still continue  to be disappointed in the way these DVDs are put together by Paramount.  It's Star Trek! These DVDs should be technical gems. Look at the main menu,  how much plainer can you get? Even Godzilla had an incredible set of menus.  For the Star Trek DVD we get a static menu, and there really are no special  features worth mentioning. Paramount disappoints once again. I think we  Star Trek fans deserve more.
B000001Y5X|5.0|In their debut album, Marilyn Manson has produced a sound and lyrical style that has defined what is the standard for the industrial/gothic subculture's music. Manson truly bring out the underdog in each of us.  Listining to &quot;Lunchbox&quot; one can actually relate to the murderers  in Littleton, CO. Marilyn Manson himself is the anti-mainstream,  anti-oppression, anti-stupid king of rock and roll. This album scores one  for the repressed, black trenchcoat wearing, christian hating, jock killer  in all of us. Marilyn Manson For President!
0385493800|5.0|The book grabbed me with its opening chapter and kept me entertained to the end.  The characters were developed in a timely manner and I found myself trying to always squeeze out another chapter before I put it down.   I was looking for a fun book to read and I was not disappointed, it was  very entertaining.
B000002NHN|5.0|After completely listening this album I realized that this is the greatest newage album I've ever heard. Her voice is so beatiful, so is her music.
0767812387|5.0|I have watched this movie about four times already.  The movie was great and the performers were excellent. Mostly, I think that Chayanne is handsome and gorgeous.  The combination with Chayanne and Vanessa was an  excellent choice.  I would certainly like to see more of Chayanne. He  certainly caught my heart on fire.
B000000HTM|5.0|Yes I think so. It's a classic and the benchmark of Peter Hammill. The first time I've listen to VDGG was beginning of the 70's. We were quite young and roamed about with a very small tape recorder. That was enough to  enjoy. Still I do, it's obviousely valid for ever.
B00000AFHM|5.0|It's sad, but typical; that MTV and popular radio have eschewed every one of this brilliant band's collective recordings. That's okay, they can have all the &quot;Pretty Fly for A White Guy&quot; and &quot;Beep Beep who got  da keys to da Jeep?&quot; miserably uninteresting subhuman trash they want.  As for the enlightened few who've had the pleasure of hearing this bands  soaring music; please excuse us while we kiss the sky. I don't really  understand the purpose of juxtapositioning Belle and Sabastion with the  Smiths, insofar that there's no Johnny Marr clone to found here. And they  really don't share Morrissey's self-loathing ruminations, lyrically. Their  more akin, musically, to another British import that that failed at making  a consequential impact on American shores. Faves: &quot;Dirty dream number  two&quot; and the title track. Brilliant, did I mention brilliant?
B0000029DD|5.0|If anybody hasn't heard this song by Jeff Buckley &quot;I want someone badly&quot; On the &quot;First Love, Last right&quot; Soundtrack, listen to it. Jeff is so beautiful, his soul will never die.
0802130208|5.0|When I read this novel my freshman year in college, I couldn't put it done.  It was humorous, insightful and greatly entertaining. I recommend this for young adult readers.
6305268835|5.0|Adam Sandler give a great performance in &quot;The Waterboy.&quot; This is his funniest movie yet. Highly recommended.
B000002B7S|5.0|I'm not an Ozzy fanatic, but this album is tremendous.  &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot; is the best song on the album due to its great guitar work.  However, every other song on this album has something to be said for it.   &quot;Now You See It (Now You Don't)&quot;  and &quot;Waiting For  Darkness&quot; are also great songs.  Ozzy's best work is on this album.
0767903811|5.0|Excellent book, but if you have already bought Notes form A Big Country you will be dissapinted as it is the same book but with a different title for the US market!!!  So don't get youself all confused.
0767819462|5.0|Please if you have never seen this movie, see it!  I am only 14yrs old and I loved right along w/ all my family, even my little 8yr old brother and he never wacthes those kind of movies! It inspires your heart and you feel  like your in the movie when you watch it! I know after a couple of days I  still had the movie on my mind! I love the soundtrack to this movie to but  as I was saying this is by far the best movie I have ever seen!
B00000IQMT|4.0|There was a time when most of the big movies in Hollywood would have been scored by one of three individuals: Leonard Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, or John Williams. Williams has done such masterpieces of movie scoring as  Superman, Indiana Jones, and of course the music for all three (and now  four) Star Wars episodes.<br />Williams has a flare for the dramatic and he  demonstrates this in grand fashion in &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; This  piece accompanies the duel between Darth Maul and the Jedi towards the end  of the picture. Everything in the story has built up to this duel (and the  accompanying android battle). The power in this piece of music is turely  something to behold. This scene would not be the same without it.<br />Of  course, thats not all there is to the score. Each piece of music has its  own story to tell. During &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot; for example, you can  hear subtle hints of &quot;Darth Vader's Theme&quot; first introduced to us  in Episode IV, foreshadowing what Anakin is destined to become.<br />And in  the final scene of each episode there has been a fanfare during some moment  of transition or celebration. Probably the most remembered is that at the  end of Episoide IV during the awards ceremony. &quot;Augie's Great  Municipal Band,&quot; I think, is going to be remembered right along side  it. This light, playfull theme is the perfect accompanyment to the  celebration and congratulatory ceremony at the end of this episode.<br />And  to my great delight (aside from the title theme, of course) this music  isn't simply a rehash of themes he has done before, its all new and its all  outstanding.<br />It just wouldn't be Star Wars without Williams at the head  of the orchestra.
6305180261|5.0|I recommend this video to any Guns N Roses fan.  The best part of this video was seeing Axl growing up.  The first video he is about 27 and in the last video he is about 30.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I listened to this soundtrack only once after seeing the movie, and I thought it captured every scene of the movie it portrayed perfectly. The movie was AWESOME and the music is just as wonderful!!! I highly recommend  you go see the movie AND buy the soundtrack! They're incredible!
6304078102|5.0|I think this is one of the best performances of Richard Dreyfuss' career (along with his role in &quot;What About Bob?&quot;). The story spans 30 years &amp; tells how a high school music teacher affects the lives of his  students. Excellent supporting cast. This movie will make you smile , laugh  and cry!
B000003TAW|5.0|This album proves the idea that you don't have to write songs about drugs, violence, crime, or any of the other bad idea topics to make a good album. Weezer writes songs about things they know about and little snippets of  their lives. The musicianship on this album is pretty fair, competent  stuff. The songwriting is what really sets this album apart. The sound they  achieve is really great too, having been helped along by former Cars  frontman Rick Ocasek in the studio (he wasn't brought back for the second  album and the difference is pretty evident, though pinkerton is an ok album  too). I couldn't reccomend this album more strongly to anyone that likes  good rock and roll with plenty of meaty guitar and thumping drums, the way  it should be. An album I've listened to probably bordering on 1000 times  now and I still enjoy it a lot.
6301942647|5.0|One of Kurosawa's strengths as a sensei/master of cinema is his political use of the medium. Dreams, while nothing short of visual spectaculars, gives us a moral perspective of the artist through his luscious dreams.  There are anti-war (&quot;The Tunnel&quot;) and anti-nuclear power  vignettes (&quot;Mount Fuji in Red&quot;, followed by &quot;The Weeping  Demon&quot;) and concerns about environtal conservation (&quot;The Peach  Orchard&quot;.) There are other goodies as well: Japanese folklores meet  the wild imaginations of young Akira (&quot;Sunshine through Rainbow&quot;;  the brilliant &quot;Blizzard&quot;) and the preachy ideals of an old man  most reviews here comment on (&quot;Village of the Watermills.)<br />What I  treasure, as a Kurosawa fan for life, is the very personal glimpses the  film allows into the older Kurosawa. It gives me terrible shudders to hear  Van Gogh (an okay performance by Scorsese) say, &quot;I don't have much  time left to paint.&quot; But it is comforting to reach the film's end and  listen with Akira Terao at the centenarian's suggestion of &quot;happy  funerals&quot;, if only to know that the sensei does not reject this life  he so scrutinized with a critical eye in his art -- that he is at peace.
6305350205|4.0|Yes the plot ain't great. But people are not reviewing what it is that makes this film work. The character development. The film is about kirk Spock and Mcoys journey with themselves, how they view each other and  realise who and why they do what the do. great stuff at the start, The boys  around the camp fire. seeing our heros talking to each other ,when they're  not trying to save the universe is a real treat. This is a fun  Movie, with  good energy. To all the people who say otherwise, I think they should get  out more.Or as shatner Himself put it, get a life.
B000002J1X|3.0|YES-TIME AND A WORD:The follow up album with original members Jon Anderson,Chris Squire,Bill Bruford,Tony Kaye and Peter Banks reveals a band which has taken a more sophisticated and focused approach to lyrics and  arrangemnts. The lyric base is direct and apparent - embracing such ideas  as universal awareness, rejection of egocentric, self-absorbed thinking and  spiritual unification via themes of love and peace(very late sixties/early  seventies). These concepts permeate through arrangements which combine  majestic symphonic scores with attractive, infectious melodies that are  broken up by more forceful progressive interludes. Blended with this are  softer inspirational ballads. Jon Anderson(lead vocals) and Chris  Squire(bass) are once again outstanding with Jon Anderson's choir boy-like  vocals giving added impetus to the philosophical themes. Tony  Kaye(keyboards) is more prominent and driving than on the debut album while  Bill Bruford (drums) is again promising but not explosive. Sadly, Peter  Banks(lead guitar) is, once more, essentially pedestrian, only really  shining on one or two tracks. However the overall impression of the album  is one that is more refined and professional than the first but, at the  same time, is a little mechanical in my opinion. The arrangements come  across to me as being heavily produced and formulated with the exception of  Astral Traveller which is, I think, the best and most creative track on the  record with its seductive rhythmic tones and progressive musicianship  providing a stark contrast to the tightly structured melodic/symphonic  overtones present on the rest of the album. Compared to the debut album  with its, seemingly, spontaneous and inherent vitality this album, to me,  seems a little premeditated. However if you're a fan of the more deliberate  YES style then you'll like this one. Rod.
6303477259|5.0|When I first got into Pink Floyd all I had ever listened to was the wall, this concert made me see other great works of this legendary band. Pink floyd is in fact one of the best bands of all time, this video proves it. I  would do anything to see the pulse concert after watching this video, too  bad the tour is over.
0060931736|5.0|As a teacher and department chair, I find myself alternating between Miss Brodie and Miss Mackay in my daily life.  The Miss Brodies of the world are fascinating, inspiring creatures--they make us want to learn and to believe  in having a mission.  Yet, also like Miss Brodie, they can be dangerous,  when their style either masks a lack of substance or a very foggy  understanding of the implications of the ideologies behind the  personalities they embrace.  At the same time, while we need Miss Mackays  in order to make sure the trains run on time (as it was said of Mussolin,  Il Duce, Miss Brodie's own hero), they lack the &quot;spark&quot; (pardon  the pun) that make us want to learn--and to teach.  How to reconcile the  spiritual and the utilitarian in this world--this seems to me to be Spark's  theme.  Perhaps most intriguing, ultimately, is Sandy herself--the somewhat  monstrous amalgam of both Brodie and Mackay.  I have been Miss Brodie, in  my &quot;prime,&quot; yet I also understand the dilemma a Miss Mackay  faces--and who, finally, would want to be Miss Mackay, in any case?   Perhaps the lesson is to allow, empower our students, our children, to be  critical of their education--and thus to learn how to take from each  educator the lessons she or he has to offer. The film, by the way, while  necessarily making some changes (though giving Teddy Lloyd back his arm  seems to me an unfortunate choice), is quite marvelous, with Maggie Smith's  performance justly prized, but also featuring fine work from Celia Johnson  and Pamela Franklin.
0899663036|5.0|I read this book for history and curiosity, I discovered our lost pride as a society in self reliance and perserverance without government or charity handouts no matter how poor. It's a lesson for all of us today, told in  wonderful prose and unvarnished detail.
B000002VTE|2.0|Its strange how everyone feels one way or the other about this CD. I agree that it lacks a little in the melody department, but I think some of the reviews were a little too harsh. It is definitely an interesting artistic,  personal statement of yearning for love in an age of machines and  emotion-numbing drugs. I think it is best appreciated when high or in a  contemplative, serene mood. Buy this album and decide for yourself.
0064471047|5.0|When I first heard the title, I thought to myself, this will be boring. But when i read the first chapter, I loved it. then I kept wanting to read the next chapter and the next, until I was done. I highly recommend this  book to readers of all ages. They should read it and discover the magic of  Narnia, that will change their life for ever.
B00000IQMT|2.0|There is nothing memorable about this sound track.  None of the characters have a theme that you will find yourself humming later, though several characters (Watto, Sebulba and especially Qui Gon) deserve a strong and  recognizable theme, in my opinion.  I also question the ordering and  pairing of the tracks on the CD.  They are not in the order they come in  the movie.  If you are familiar with other sound tracks by John Williams,  you might hear echoes of Close Encounters, Superman, Indiana Jones, and  Jaws.  The strongest piece is ``Duel of the Fates'' and you will catch  pieces of the Force Theme and the Empire March from the previous movies,  which is nice.  But all in all not a soundtrack I will listen to often.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie Merchant's beautiful vocals and thought provoking lyrics are absolutely wonderful!  The orchestration is gorgeous; the Ophelia Reprise is a gem!
B000002J03|5.0|WOW!! This album is INCREDIBLE!!  I had never even heard of Led Zeppelin before my sister got this album as a gift-- and now they're my all-time favorite!  This is probably my favorite CD, and one of Zeppelin's best,  without a doubt.  I never get tired of this stuff-- and I'm still craving  it!
6305265488|5.0|This movie was awesome.  I really enjoyed it too. I liked the beautiful dresses worn by Danielle. I hope everyone gets to see this movie.
B000002HPV|5.0|It's rare that I find a CD that I can play from beginning to end and love every song. But this album never ceases to amaze me. Everytime you play it, you hear another sample or noise that you didn't hear before! You will  never grow tired of this album. I can guarantee that it will be one of the  best purchases you will make!
0375707972|1.0|It was boring. It was easy to guess the secret. It wasn't gripping. I only finished it because it was our bookclub choice. 6 out of 6 of us thought it was awful. I read Sesame Street stories to my 3 year old son that have a  better plot.
0767819594|5.0|I have never gotten so into a group of characters in a movie! They are all very well written. And everyone gets what they deserve in the end. Its a great movie! I'd recommend it to everyone. Especially fans of Ryan  Phillippe, he looks amazing in this one!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is quite possibly one of the greatest CD's ive ever listened to, and trust me, i work in a radio station, i know.  Radiohead is the Pink Floyd of the modern era.
6304428928|5.0|Rain Man is a great, emotionally moving experience which everyone should see.  I fell in love with this movie the first time I saw it and it still continues to move me everytime that I watch it.  The performances by Tom  Cruise and Dustin Hoffman will live forever in the hearts of those who have  ever loved somebody so dearly as a brother.  Parents, please show this film  to your children as many times as they want to see it.
B000002TQV|5.0|Although not their greatest CD, Radiohead makes their mark on the music industry and shows they will stay around forever.  Influences from the Beatles and Pink Floyd are clearly shown. Still, it is a very highly  recommended CD, if youre into any type of music.  Some corralation with Bob  Dylan is also noticeable.
0790732203|3.0|This was Tom Cruise's big break and he deserved it after this movie.  You can see why he got popular after this movie.  He is the main reason I watch this movie.  The story is pretty good. but it wouldn't be the same without  Tom.  It is one of those few movies where teenagers actually have some  level of intelligence (but maybe not through the whole movie!) This one  will definitely make you a Tom Cruise fan!
6304383177|5.0|One of my top 10 favourite movies, this has it all. The scenes outside the country home when the visitor thinks he's hearing a great leopard impersonation from the old matron are unforgettable and hysterical. Fast  paced, stylish, and a great comedy of misunderstandings and farce.
0790739909|3.0|I thought this movie was very inventive with its use of angels.  Nicolas Cage starts to get on your nerves toward the end but the two leads do have some chemistry and you feel pulled along by the romance.  One of the best  soundtracks though and great cinematography. A one-hanky movie.
6303148352|5.0|I Just turned thirteen, I saw Jurassic Park in 2nd   grade and in 3rd I read the book, Both were great and I still love the movie till today (I'll probably read the book again) I liked having them different so I didn't  know what would happen. I might add I did not get scared in either. I've  seen the movie about 32 times (mostly in 2nd and 3rd grade when I was a  fanatic) and I learn something new every time. I believe they had the  perfect amount of good acting, emotion, characters, science, thought, and  action, not too much or too little (I think It would be interesting to read  the book if it was by Arthur C. Clarke). I agree with Ian Malcolm 100%,  he's my favorite character, although having dinosaurs in a park would be  nice (The Lost World ruined his character it's like he were 2 different  people. Whoever said it was bad should try WATCHING it, it helps. Contact  was good too, if you liked this you'll probably like it too.
6305282927|4.0|Terrific film with unforgettable songs.  Nice romantic plot that keeps things moving along.  The only caveat is the long ballet scenes but they do have some great choreography.  This is really a classic musical.  Even kids  understand it.
B00000G28U|5.0|a great cd, worth the money, don't buy (clean version)i didn't but i can imagine how annoying it must be.
6305127689|4.0|But hey Tom Cruise is in it so it's great for ladies too.  This is a great action movie and really makes you want to be just like Maverick and become a pilot!  Good flight sequences and sound track. Plus a great love scene  too.
1558807381|5.0|This movie is my absolute favorite of all time. I think its better than Titanic. The special effects look so real!!! The idea of it and not to mention Tom Cruise is wonderful. I highly recommend this one to everybody  that loves fantasy. The soundtrack by Tangerine Dream is one of the most  beautiful that I have ever heard!!!!I Love this Movie!!!!!!!
0553212737|5.0|The point of this book was to look at the life of society in those days of Jane Austen.  However stuck-up Emma was, she was a true character, not dull and plain old nice, it's usually the evil and devious characters that are  the most fun to read about.
B000002NHN|5.0|With the voice that of an angel, this CD is one of my new favorites.  Its a good CD to pop in and sit back and relax or listen to while you are on you're computer or as I do, when you write.  Very inspiring music.
B00000AFDW|1.0|After waiting for years for the original Kiss lineup to reunite, I really hate to say this: this album is WEAK.  It sounds like Kiss is so concerned about not offending parents of teeny-bopper fans, they forgot that most of  their fans cut their teeth on albums like Dressed to Kill and Rock and Roll  Over...not the sugar-coated top 40 crap from records like Unmasked.  Hey  guys...remember how that album KILLED your popularity?  <br />When Kiss isn't  busy congratulating themselves on songs like &quot;You Wanted the  Best&quot; and &quot;Raise Your Glasses&quot; or singing ridiculously  juvenile tributes to rock and roll music in general, they give us  sickeningly sweet ballads like &quot;I Finally Found My Way&quot; that  would make Michael Bolton puke. I wish Simmons and Stanley had gone back  with Bruce Kulick and Eric Singer after the reunion tour.  At least Revenge  and Carnival of Souls had a groove.  If the lyrics of Psycho Circus are the  edgiest they can come up with, they ought to hang it up.  <br />Psycho Circus  is better suited to fans of the Back Street Boys and N Synch than anyone  who has spent years listening to Kiss.  Don't waste your money on this  total piece of crap unless you're buying it for a five-year old.
0380973464|4.0|Ignore the comparisons to Pynchon and David Foster Wallace; what &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; really is, is a next-generation James Clavell novel -- &quot;Shogun,&quot; (or, more aptly, &quot;Noble House&quot;) with  Internet access. As other reviewers have noted, this is something of a  departure for Stephenson, and readers expecting &quot;Snow Crash II&quot;  or &quot;Diamond Age II&quot; are likely to be disappointed. But it's their  loss -- this is a fun, engrossing yarn, and I can't wait to see where he  takes it in the next installment.
B000002HRE|4.0|&quot;Reload&quot; is a little darker, a little more twisted, and, in all, a strong follow-up album to its big brother &quot;Load&quot;.  &quot;Reload&quot; contains some  exellent tracks, including  &quot;Fuel&quot; (if you're a metal fan, and can sit still listening to  this song, you must be on heavy doses of Ritalin), &quot;Carpe Diem  Baby&quot;, &quot;Prince Charming&quot;, and &quot;Fixxxer&quot;.  Listen  to this album and &quot;Load&quot; back to back for the maximum effect.
0805017305|5.0|my father was born in Deadwood, SD and my great grandfather sat on the commission which promised the black hills &quot;forever&quot; to the sioux.  this book was an eye opener and when we were last in South Dakota, we took  the road to Pine Ridge and we stopped to look at the massacre site and at  the lonely and poignant monument at the mass grave.  it was the first time  i have perceived the enormous insult that mt rushmore must be to the sioux.   there were no tourists, no t-shirt stands, the place is as it was--we were  so moved by the words on the monument, we wept.  more americans should read  this book and visit this haunting place.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is simply phenomenal.  Every song is extremely good and developes a unique ambient sound.  A pleasure to listen to.
0375402675|1.0|Before you start reading, I'm complaining here about the quality of the audio casette version here.<br />It's...um...awful.  I can't bear to listen to any of the attempts at accents, especially the English and Irish ones.  And  all the women sound like they're propositioning you.  All the best lines  are cut out, only the Americans sound like human beings.<br />Avoid it.
B0000020C4|5.0|This is my first major production soundtrack.  Very moving and powerful, I think I have found a new love...Showtunes!...Just kiddin.  I really am hooked on this CD.  After seeing the actual play I can just play the CD and  sit back and imagine the characters clearly.
B000002JNJ|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out, and was completely blown away.  This has to be one of the finest debut albums by any band in heavy metal. If you play guitar, listen to Diamond Darrell (as he was known then) and  dream of becoming half as good.  If you have never heard Pantera, and are  looking to start, this is definitely THE album to buy.
6304675348|2.0|The video had me terrified. It was a good concept because the killer really scared you when he talked on the phone to his victims. The mask was scary. Even though he looked like he was in a dress at times. It was very  frightening up until the end. Which really really REALLY sucked. It was the  stupidest ending I have ever seen, just like in Scream 2, but they might  have written it that way, to make people realize that it was just a movie.  It was still scary up until the end though.
0399143904|3.0|Personally, having read this book all the way through three times, I've found that the best way to enjoy it is to read whichever bit you feel like at the time.  I did enjoy the way it didn't treat the whole world outside  of the US as decoration, and it was fun watching Clark, Chavez and the rest  of the Americans settling into Britain (although there are one or two  mistakes - an overstaffed hospital???).  <br />The overall plot I found  disappointing - I have visions of Clancy sitting at a desk and thinking  'Now how can I come up with a bigger threat than last time...?'  I have to  wonder what he'll do for the next book - an alien invasion, perhaps?<br />In  short, uneven, and best read all the way through once so you can pick out  the bits you want to read again.
0780622553|5.0|I saw this film during its somewhat belated release in Turkey in November and was instantly struck by its great look and ideas. It's such a shame that such an elaborate sci-fi work is so much overlooked while other less  successful films are given so much hype! The way its story was created as a  puzzle which fully gave itself away only during the final 10 minutes was in  my opinion the most important factor in its complete financial failure.  It's  a genuine fantasy classic whose real value will only be realized in  the years to come. The DVD version which I bought 3 months ago is a fine  edition with many extra features, the most important of which is the  running commentary by the director and the key crew members. That said,  currently owning only a Dolby Surround system, I found the sound mix  completely disappointing, particularly in comparison to the many titles by  various distributors currently available in Turkey. And finally, where is  the isolated audio track mentioned in the Amazon.com review?
B000002HMH|5.0|Metallica's music, from the very beginning, has always been about evolution.  Naysaying &quot;fans&quot; (to use the term loosely) called them sellouts with the '84 release of &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;.   Since then, Metallica has had that label on their back for virtually every  album.  Load just seems to be catching more, because they cut off their  hair.  For my money, Load is ten times more interesting musically than both  the 'Black album and &quot;...And Justice for All&quot;.  Load has the  spontaneous feel of a jam session, with the power and intricacies to show  that James, Lars, Kirk and Jason really put their all into it.  The best  song on the album  by far is &quot;Ronnie&quot;, a bluesy, hard-rockin gem  with one of the best opening riff/rhythm setting guitar parts to come out  in recent years, reminiscent of Jimmy Page.  After all this time, Metallica  shows that they're still ahead of the curve compared to others in their  business.
0553108034|3.0|Its hard to remember who anybody is though. Because the story jumps back and forth to much ....give a few more pages to the characters. Not just the normal 40 or 50 that you have been giving
0060925000|5.0|This book was suggested to me by several people when I decided to travel to India.  Despite the mammoth size of the book (not easy to fit into a backpack!) I took the advice and began it on the flight over.  It was  amazing!  Maybe reading it while in many of the cities described in the  book effected my reading experience, but I think that the story is so  wonderful that it would have been the same if I had read it at home.  I  hope that a talented film maker will attempt to film it someday!
B000002JPA|3.0|When I first heard the album I realy didnt like it. But when I realy listen to it I realized that this band ROCKS. In a time of garbage music its nice to hear some talent.
B000002BUY|5.0|Incubus is definitely my favorite American band, and my second favorite overall.  This is a CD you absolutely cannot get tired of.  Buy all titles by these guys, you won't regret it!
6305169187|5.0|this movie is so good. buy it. it has STEVE BUSCEMI in it!! (the funny looking guy from airheads, reservoir dogs, con air, the big lebowski, fargo etc..etc..)
6304288433|5.0|Halloween 2 was as good as the first one. This sequel has the blood, gore, and great deaths as the other one. Even though the other Halloween movies were bad this one is a must see. There is only one aspect that I don't  understand at the end of this one Dr. Loomis blows himself up in the room  with Michael Myers yet he is still alive in the next three sequels. That is  the only bad aspect of this movie, but otherwise it's great.
6305291446|5.0|I saw the original Halloween when I was five, and I have been a fan of the series since.  I saw the other sequals, and with the exception of the second film, none of them did justice to the first.  H20, however, finally  closed the series with greatness.  Jamie Lee Curtis' acting is excellent.   The supporting cast gave the film the strength it needed to close the  series out as best it could.  The newly remastered theme music by John  Carpenter gave indicated to me that I was not to be disappointed.  To any  fans of the series who have not seen H20, see it tonight, and if you are a  DVD owner, just wait until its release.  I have seen a sneak preview of the  DVD version, and it is well worth any price.
0920668372|5.0|I loved this book.  It was given to me when my son was born. This book is heartwarming and sweet and I was so touched by it that I cried. This is a perfect gift for woman who has or will give birth to a baby boy.  I reread  this book often and always think of my son. What a wonderful keepsake that  I will always hold dear.
0399143904|5.0|This was a really exciting book!!!  You should go see it.  In every mission, it was heart-stopping for me!!!  I just couldn't stand all that suspense and it was so exciting! I can just picture all the men in the  teams and how handsome they are and everything!  I just loved this book!  The ending was also very funny and good!  You should read it!
0140182829|5.0|I have long been told of the magic of this novel and especially it's impact of the great american painters Andrew and Jamie Wyeth.  The haunting images that Alain-Fournier conjures are some of the most enduring  in modern literature.  The reader is passionately delved into a moonlit  world of shadow and circumstance. While  finshing the book I started  missing the dream he created and was so sad the book was ending  that upon  the moment of competion I picked it back up and read it cover to cover  again.  It is terrifying to imagine what Alain-Fournier would have  accomplished if not for his untimely death.
630512065X|5.0|First, I apologize to all those folks out there who care for &quot;Victoria&quot; as much as I do.  My special appreciation to Etcetera and Demeter who I came to cherish as very special in that very short while.   Two wonderful kids who are going to do and be everything I believe for  them.  Jemimus, you are a treasure trove of help.  John V. (who I now call  BroadwayJohn, and Angela, (who I've named Angelcat) and all you who've  delighted and challenged me, thanks for reassuring me that I was not  hallucinating and that a good many of you also shared my thoughts about PC  Smith, the ultimate Victoria - (until Etcetera2 and Demeter get there)!!!    JellicleFrank
B000002UAC|5.0|John takes the lead on nine of the CD's 14 tracks, after all, and it is in my opinion the wildest, most rockin' BEATLES album ever. You can't feel sad when you hear this one, folks! I think the Fabs were the only band not to  fall prey to the dreaded sophomore jinx which befalls so many groups. They  made an album which sounds a lot like its predecessor, and yet has a style  all its own! This was my favorite Beatles LP when I was 12 and first  getting into them, and is still one of my faves of all-time. From the first  burst of &quot;It Won't Be Long&quot; to the last crashing chords of  &quot;Money&quot;, this is a ride through rock and roll history, and makes  &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; from &quot;Please Please Me&quot; seem like the  starting destination! Love rock and roll? Love the Beatles? BUY THIS  ALBUM!!!
B00000DD2D|5.0|When you dont know what you feel like listening to, throw this CD on. You'll be glad you did.
0375408266|1.0|I read the book mostly because so many people were saying things about how offensive the affair between the 15 yr. old and the 36 yr. old were.  I thought there had to be something of more merit than just a meaningless  sexual encounter.  But, in the end, I felt that this was graphic and  meaningless.  The characters were lifeless and  seemed to have no value  systems.  They had no connection to each other or the world around them.   It was rather sad and pathetic.  I finished it, but I wouldn't recommend  it.
0517122707|5.0|nothing else to say...those who don't think it's funny, don't get the nuances of human behavior...they probably also think the movie &quot;TWISTER&quot; was a brilliant film.  PLEASE PRAY HOLLYWOOD DOESN'T  TOUCH CONFEDERACY.....it will only destroy it.
6304117752|5.0|The Sound of Music has it all .Music , romance, suspence,drama and comedy! It is the biggest hit of all time even more than titanic (money worth) and is loved by millions of people all over the world.The sound of music is the  greatest movie ever made and ever will be . You can never get tired of it  ,every moment is a classic and every scene is a masterpiece!!!!
0784011796|5.0|How far should one man go?<br />This movie argues the fallacies of Max's Search for that which can destory him. A 216 digit number with infinite power. If you like math, science, or just eerie suspense thrillers, see  this movie!
1881273156|5.0|This book has thoroughly convinced me that WE ALL should have it...next to our Bibles!  Buy one for those marrying, dating, long-time marrieds, church library...everyone in your life!  Well worth reading and re-reading.  Thank  you, Gary Chapman!
B000001FKY|5.0|As a newly converted Dep Leppard fan, Hysteria was the second CD I bought after VAULT.  Great guitar riffs, awesome vocals, stong bass lines and special kudos for Rick Allen on drums.  This was his &quot;come-back&quot;  album after his near-fatal car accident.  I'm still amazed at his display  of shear guts and determination.  EUPHORIA in '99
630471288X|5.0|This movie is one of my personal favorites. Everything about it is superb. It has a message to tell it's audience. The message I got was that prison life can take over your mind,body and soul. Some prisoners that are  incarcerated for several years never recover from their experience. A  perfect example of this was when Red got out of prison and also the old man  who nurtured a black bird. Andy Dufrane though never let prison get the  best out of him. I loved how he outsmarted the warden at the end. The  ultimate revenge. This is one of my top-ten favorite films. Others films I  admire are 1492:Conquest Of Paradise, Leaving Las Vegas, Close Encounters  Of The Third Kind, 2001: A Space Odessy, Metro, Planes,Trains &amp;  Automobiles, The Big Lebowski, Starman and ET: The Extraterrestrial.
B000001EHS|5.0|After seeing the VH1 Behind the Music rockumentary in 7/98, I went out and got VAULT.  I STILL listen to it everyday!  I've since followed up VAULT with their other 7 albums.  Def Leppard is one of the few bands that I  enjoy listening to every track off of every album.  Can't wait for Euphoria  on June 8th!
B000002H33|5.0|Thank God. What a great bless to let me enjoy this great metal symphony!!!!!!
6300247120|1.0|Maybe this movie was better in the  year of its realease (1979), but now it really shows its age. Both the story and the humor are clearly from the  past, and the mannerisms of the major characters simply annoy rather than  entertain. Rent this first, if you think its great... maybe you're dated  too? If so, maybe it's YOU who needs to &quot;break away&quot; from the  1970s?
B000002H97|3.0|In my humble opinion, fans who are addicted to this are really missing the essentials. Master of puppets, Ride the lightning, and Kill 'em all are all 10 times better than this album. I never can not agree with Mr. Hetfield,  who said &quot;This is one of the most heaviest and uplifting, just kidding  well anywaay it's on H**L of an album catch ya later.&quot;
